 Linda went home with her groceries and prepared for her "tattoo." That included shaving her legs, plucking her eyebrows, trimming her pubic hair, and douching her lady parts. 

She really did want the tattoo and had been thinking about it for a while. She was a very good-looking woman and very successful, so she didn't need to permanently mark her body to get a guy in bed, but as soon as she had spotted the hot, young cashier, she knew she had wanted him. The fact that he did tattoos was just a bonus and fit perfectly in with her plans. She also hadn't lied to him about his skill; the work she had seen really was quite good. 

Evan was a bit shorter than average, standing 5' 7" which made him just about the same height as Linda herself. He wasn't overly muscular but he was physically fit with broad shoulders and a strong upper body. He had sharp lines in the bones of his tanned face that traced down to a thin goatee in the center of his chin. His hair was brown, short, and spiked with blond highlights. That particularly day, he'd worn jeans and a plaid button-down shirt. He sported a single earring in his left ear. Linda had loved everything that she had seen so far that day and hoped to see plenty more.

She had grabbed his wrist forcefully as a test and he had passed (or failed, depending on your point of view.) His failure to pull away from the stranger accosting him and his stammering as she addressed him while she did it had told her everything that she needed to know. She would be able to do whatever she wanted with him. 

Nearly ten years earlier, Linda had come home early from a showing after a client had canceled at the last minute. She placed her purse on the kitchen counter and began to remove her shoes when she heard the giggling from the second floor. She frowned; her daughter was supposed to be at school. If she had skipped to hang out with her friend, Missy, or worse, her boyfriend Brad, Linda would ground her for life.

When she reached the second floor though, she realized the sound was not coming from her daughter's room, but her own bedroom. In addition, the giggling had now been replaced with moaning and grunting.

Her son-of-a-bitch cheating husband, Ron, hadn't even closed the bedroom door. She could see his naked ass thrusting into someone on her own bed. On top of her comforter. Her FAVORITE comforter at that. And now she would have to burn the fucking thing. Preferably while her husband was wrapped up inside it.

He held the slut's legs apart and straight up in the air as he plowed her. Her moaning seemed to fill the room. That was why he never heard Linda walk right up behind him and grab his balls.

He only had time to gasp before Linda twisted his sack violently. He cried out as he fell out of the tramp, his messy cock soiling the bedding with a mix of pre-cum and vaginal fluid. He fell back towards Linda and off the bed.

Ron was still trying to get his balance when Linda's knee came up and crashed into his nuts with a sickening thud. 'Sickening' quite literally as he slumped to the floor and vomited. Fuck, she would have to clean that, too. The smell of vomit was so hard to remove. 'Totally worth it, though," she thought to herself. She regretted nothing.

The girl in the bed was wide-eyed as she pushed up on her elbows and tried to pull the bedding to cover herself. It was at the point that Linda finally saw her and recognized her.

"Your secretary? Really? How fucking cliché, you asshole!" she spat at her husband, narrowing her eyes.

She continued. "You have two hours to pack up your shit and get everything out of here. That includes your whore." Ron was still moaning over his pile of vomit. 

"Alright, three hours," he said softly. He knew better than to try and calm down his wife. Secretary Ashley, however, did not.

"Mrs. Andrews, I'm so-" the girl began. Linda spun back towards her and she swore she could see fire burning in Linda's eyes. 

"Don't you dare. Don't you DARE say you're SORRY." With that, she stormed out. That was the last time she saw her husband before the divorce.

Ron hadn't even tried to smooth things over; things had been rocky for some time already anyway (partly because, as she would learn much later, he had been banging his secretary quite regularly for six months.)

She was on the phone with her friend Cindy before she got to her car and Cindy gave her the number to the best shark of a divorce attorney she knew. Her husband didn't put up any real fight though; he asked to keep only his construction business and personal possessions while she kept her real estate business and pretty much everything else including their house.

She had played around with plenty of boy toys in the ten years since. She was left jaded by her husband's infidelity and hadn't had a serious relationship since. She filled the void in her love life by taking advantage of vulnerable young(er) men. Lots of them. She felt no guilt of any kind. For some reason, the guys never seemed to complain about being "used." 

That said, she had no idea about how far things would eventually go with Evan.