 Linda decided to push things further and stood up to check out the tattoo gun that Evan was changing the ink on. In doing so, she rubbed her hard left nipple across his cheek and bumped it into his eye. Evan pulled back suddenly and cried out.

"Oh! I'm sorry!" he apologized, despite that fact that Linda had actually sexually assaulted HIM, not the other way around.

Linda pretended she hadn't noticed any of it, nor heard his apology.

"Where did you learn all this?" she inquired.

Evan, to his credit, recovered quickly. "Um, mostly self-taught, ma'am." Linda liked hearing him call her Ma'am while she stood half naked in front of him.

"I have a friend who is a tattoo artist," he continued, "and taught me some of the basics. He also gave me his old equipment to start with. I learned a lot watching videos online and practicing on myself." He gestured with his head to the tats on his arms. He was happy to be talking about something to keep himself from eyeing her nude body. Linda wasn't going to make that easy, though.

Linda saw a tattoo of a skull on his arm and made her next move. Under the guise of getting closer to check it out, she put her pantied crotch right against the arm closer to her and it was at that point that Evan realized that her panties were soaked with her womanly juices. Ever the gentleman, he continued to "not notice."

"Ok!" he said sharply. "All set to continue, if you want to sit back down." He said it a bit more forcefully than he'd meant to, but Linda did as she was told.

"Is it going to hurt more when you color it in?" she asked. Her tone was more conversational than concerned.

"Usually it actually hurts less than the etching needed for the outline. I think you'll be fine," he said reassuringly.

Sure enough, it still stung, but it wasn't bad and went much quicker than she thought it would.

Before she knew it, he was putting the gun back down and blotted away at the excess blood seeping from the fresh tattoo. He took out his phone and snapped a photo of the finished work to show her.

"Oh, it's beautiful! Perfect!" she exclaimed. In truth, it was a bit on the bloody side so there wasn't much to see, but she wanted to boost his ego.

Evan smiled and said "Thank you, Ma'am. It's not much, though."

He placed a layer of petroleum jelly over the tattoo and covered it with a bandage.

"All finished!" Evan announced. "So, now that it's over, was it as bad as you expected?"

Linda swung back around to face him, smiling.

"No, it wasn't too bad," she said, "and no more unpleasant than some of the little pricks I've had to endure over the years."

Evan blushed again and tried to change the subject. "Make sure you keep it clean and change the jelly and bandage daily for the next few days."

Linda stood up suddenly before Evan could move. "It stings a bit. Would it be ok to put ice on it?" she asked.

Evan responded quickly, "Oh, sure. I'll go make an ice pack for you." He was grateful to be able to slip away to the kitchen, not realizing that that was exactly what she was hoping for.

He rooted through Linda's cupboards for a minute, eventually finding a Ziploc sandwich bag. He went to the freezer and filled the bag with ice before returning to the living room.

On his way back, he stopped in his tracks as he saw that Linda had dropped her panties to the floor and was standing in the middle of the room, facing him completely nude.

The neatly trimmed golden bush between her legs glistened from her moistness as she stood there waiting for him to return.

"Thank you so much for getting that!" she said, playing innocent. "Oh, I'm sorry, my underwear had gotten a bit damp, so I slipped them off, so I would be more comfortable. I hope you don't mind," she said.

There wasn't much for him to say besides "Um, no, of course not. It's, uh, your house," he finished lamely. Linda smiled.

Evan went to hand the icepack to Linda when she said "Can you hold it on there for me? I can't really reach back there."

"Oh, yeah, of course."

"Sit down," Linda said, pointing to the chair.

Evan blinked, not understanding but did as she said. Linda turned around and lowered herself onto his leg. Evan felt the heat from her damp slit against his bare thigh.

"Tell me, Evan, do you have a girlfriend?" Linda asked over her shoulder. She was slowly dragging her womanhood along his skin.

Evan stared down at her ass; her cheeks were spreading apart as she settled onto him. He looked back up once he realized she had spoken to him.

"Huh? Oh, uh, no Ma'am, not right now," he managed to get out.

"Good," she said with a soft purr. Evan could feel her pubes scraping back and forth against him. A trickle of her love juice leaked down over the edge of his leg onto the chair. He could smell her excitement as it wafted up to him.

She was glad that he'd said no. Had he said, "yes", it wouldn't have changed much but she was aware of the hypocritical nature of sleeping with a guy in a relationship and would have at least felt guilty. Not that it would have stopped her.

"Are you going to put the ice on me?" Linda inquired.

Evan glanced down and realized that he was still holding the ice pack in his hand. He awkwardly pressed it hard against her back and the sudden cold hitting the fresh wound made her gasp and pull forward. He apologized profusely.

"Sorry! Sorry!" he stammered as he pulled it away, putting it back on lightly. He began moving it around in a small circle on her bandage.

"Mmm, thank you, that helps," she said softly. She squeezed her thighs around his leg. Evan's hand had started to numb from the ice, but he had the warmth of Linda's pussy distracting him from it.

"Evan, do you find me attractive?" Linda asked.

"I, I don't know, uh, Ma'am," Evan said.

"You don't know? I guess I must be too old for you..." Linda said, her tone laced with loads of fake hurt. It had the desired effect.

"No, I mean, yes, I find you attractive. You are very pretty for your age," he said, then caught himself. "I mean, for any age. You are a very pretty woman."

Linda spun around on Evan's lap and smiled into his face. Her erect nipples pointed at his chest. She put her arms around his neck as she stared into his eyes.

Linda reached over to the ice pack that Evan was holding limply to one side and she removed a cube from it.

"Put the icepack down," she directed. Evan instantly tossed it to the side. She placed the cube in his palm and used her hand to close his fingers on it so that he wouldn't drop it. He continued looking into her eyes without so much as glancing at the cube.

She moved her hand under his and pulled it to her chest, letting the ice lightly contact her nipple. She moved his hand around in a tiny circle on the erect nub and moaned loudly (and rather theatrically, to make her point.)

She released his hand, and to her pleasure, he continued making little motions on her chest. His eyes had moved down to stare at her breasts and he seemed mesmerized by them.

Linda slid a little closer to him so that her leg contacted his crotch. Her knee found his member, hard and straining against his shorts. She rubbed it up and down against his manhood.

Evan blushed as she did so since his own arousal was now apparent. It didn't stop him from continuing to play with her boob, though. The cube left her nipple and traced along the underside of her breast before following a straight line down her chest to her navel. It left a wet line that pointed to the wetness engulfing his leg.

'What am I doing? She could be my mother!' Evan's mind screamed, but his cock down below didn't seem to be listening. It seemed to know that she WASN'T his mother. The middle-aged woman's fit, smooth body was causing his crotch to become very uncomfortable as his member strained against the shorts that were holding it back.

Linda made it worse. She took the cube from his hand, set it on the end table, and moved his hands to her hips which she continued to gyrate against him. She slid his hands up and down her sides; she wasn't particularly curvy but her soft skin felt amazing to him.

Linda noticed that Evan was fidgeting underneath her, presumably from the pressure on his dick. She reached down and rubbed the palm of her hand against the bulge in his crotch. Far from helping, this made him fidget more.

Next, she moved his hands from her hips around to her back. She let his fingers linger there for a few moments before moving them to her ass. He began to rub the two soft globes several times before giving both a light squeeze. His hands drifted closer together and found her crack. The fingers from both hands slid up and down it which made her shiver, but she didn't break eye contact.

He pulled her cheeks apart slightly further and her ass gripped his leg even more. He left one hand on her bottom and slid his other hand around to the front to the top of her mound. His thumb rubbed against her fuzz for a second before pushing through and finding the slit hiding behind it. She moaned loudly as he dragged the pad of his thumb along it, starting from the spot contacting his leg, slowly along to the top above her clit.

Linda moaned loudly and gripped his neck, her nails digging into it. The sudden pain, while not excessive, seemed to pull Evan out of his dream-like state.

'I can't do this,' he thought. 

"Ma'am," he began.

"I'm naked on your lap, my pussy against you. Call me Linda," she stated. Her eyes were closed as she rocked against him.

"Um, ok, Linda. I don't know if we should be doing this..." he trailed off.

Linda's eyes opened and she closed her hand around the firm lump in his pants. 

"Really?" she asked. "This seems to think that we should be." She gave a squeeze to his package to punctuate "This."

"Unless you were lying before when you said I was pretty," she continued. "Is that it? Do you not really think I'm attractive?"

"No! I mean, yes! I do. It's just..." he trailed off again. Linda took her hand from his crotch and put one finger to his lips to shush him. Evan looked into her eyes as she held her finger there.

Evan was far from a virgin, but none of his girlfriends had even been older than him, let alone more than two decades older.

Linda slid off his lap abruptly. "Stand," she said in a suddenly commanding tone. The authority in her voice caught Evan off guard and he jumped up immediately. "Take off your shoes." Evan did so.

Without speaking, Linda unbuttoned his shirt. She stopped half-way down and ran her hand over his chest. He had only a small patch of curly little hairs down the center. She proceeded to unbutton it the rest of the way, slipped it off his shoulders and it joined Linda's dress on the back of the sofa.

Linda saw the rest of his tattoos for the first time. On one shoulder was a compass. On the opposite arm was a melting watch a la Salvador Dali's Persistence of Memory. One side of his chest had "One Day at a Time" written on it. The other side had a rather stereotypical "MOM" in a heart.

"You did all these yourself?" she inquired. He nodded.

"Yes, Ma'am," he answered, forgetting to call her 'Linda'.

Linda's hand floated over his body as she studied each tat before moving on to his shorts.

He stood as still as a statue as she undid the button, then lowered the zipper. She put her thumbs into the waistband and lowered his shorts to the floor. They got hung up on his erection on the way down, so she reached in and pushed it aside without comment. Evan tensed as she calmly touched his member.

His shorts dropped to the floor and she tugged at them to prod him to step out. His tighty-whities were now the only thing covering his body and they were tented obscenely by his member. Evan was only average in size, but the white fabric pulled taut made him seem huge. A large wet spot was visible in the center of the underwear where his pre-cum had been leaking.

Without preamble, Linda grasped both sides of the underwear and pulled them to the floor to join his shorts. His penis, finally exposed, pointed at the fur covered mound between her legs.

She placed her hand on the underside of his rod and squeezed gently. "I guess you do find me attractive after all," she said with a smile.

She continued to hold it as she used the nails on her other hand to rake lightly across his sack. The feeling caused him to quiver. He still didn't know if he should be doing this, but, God, she was hot. And naked. And hot. And it had been a long time since he'd...

She took one of his hands and moved it to her pussy, holding it there for several seconds until he took over. He did so, gulping as he pushed his middle finger in just enough to part her lips. As he slowly moved his finger upwards, she reached around and cupped his ass cheeks, pulling him in closer to her. 

His hand found her clit and teased it gently. He was rewarded with a soft "Mmmm" and she squeezed his cheeks in response. 

His digit started making little circles on her clit as she reached back around with one hand and flicked the rim of his cock-head with her thumb back and forth.

Linda's breathing had begun to quicken and she moved her hand from his ass to pull his hand away from her crotch.

She bit her lip and smiled at him as she shook her head no. She took him by the hand and led him to the rear of the sofa. She turned around, ass to him, and placed both hands on the edge of the couch, spreading her legs wide apart.

He didn't need any further explanation and he placed his hands on her back as he looked down between her legs to find her entrance. He almost put his hand on the bandage but caught himself in time, moving that hand to her side instead.

He rubbed the head of his penis against her moist mound, lubricating it before pressing against her slit. He pushed in slightly, just the tip, not wanting to hurt her, but found she was very slick.

Slowly, very slowly, he slid his manhood into her. The slick walls gripped his shaft with surprising tightness. He pushed in a quarter of the way and then stopped as he felt resistance and retreated. He repeated by pushing in half way and retreated again. Then, his member fully lubricated, he pushed all the way in, extracting a moan of pleasure from her.

His pelvis bottomed out against her ass cheeks and he kept himself buried in her as he reached around with both hands to find her nipples. Evan wasn't the largest lover that Linda had had, but the sense of fullness inside her was still pleasant.

He used a thumb and forefinger to tease each nipple, alternating between pulling gently on them and rolling them between his fingers, as he held himself firmly planted in her pussy.

He ran his fingertips along the underside of both of her breasts as he finally drew back out. The tips came around and ran along her hips as he pushed back in. On the next thrust, he moved his hands to the globes of her ass and gave each a firm squeeze. Evan felt his orgasm building as Linda's (unexpectedly tight) tunnel gripped him hard on each cycle. 

One of his hands slipped around to the top of Linda's slit and found her clitoris again. She pushed back into him as he drove into her in synchrony. His finger strummed her clit on each inward stroke and her breathing quickened. 

Back and forth his digit went against her sensitive nub as shoved in and out of her soft folds. With each rub, Linda quaked beneath him and she curled her toes on the rug beneath them. Evan struggled to control himself as he approached the brink.

Evan made little circular motions on her button and Linda's body suddenly tensed. She cried out as the orgasm struck her. She tightened her grip on the back of the couch as the first wave came. Her muscles closed on his shaft and pushed him over the top. Her next wave of pleasure hit as he exploded inside her. Evan's loud grunt was matched by Linda's screams as Evan continued to finger the top of her slit.

Linda reached down and pulled Evan's finger away as he filled her with another load of his seed. Evan's pace slowed as his orgasm ended and he began to soften. Linda continued milking his shaft with her pussy as her own orgasm subsided.

Evan slipped his messy member out of the nearly fifty-year-old woman he had been plowing a moment earlier. He looked around at her face and saw that her eyes were closed and she was biting her lower lip as she recovered from her orgasm. She opened them a moment later and turned to him.

"God, you were good," she cooed.

"Uh, you were too, Ma'am. I, I mean, Linda."