 Linda put her arms around him and leaned in to kiss him. Her lips were soft and warm as she pressed them against his. He returned the embrace and ran his hands slowly down her back (avoiding the tattoo) before landing on her cheeks again. 

She leaned back and looked down at his chest. She released his neck and gripped his shoulder with one hand and used a finger on the other to idly trace the Mom tattoo on his chest. She mouthed the word "Mom" as she did so; he cringed. A second later, he felt something wet hit his big toe and he looked down to see that some of his cum had leaked from her and landed half on his foot, half on her hardwood floor. He simply stared at it, not sure what he should be doing about it.

"Sorry about that," he apologized lamely.

Linda laughed out loud and slapped him playfully on the chest. "Comes with the territory, sport. Or perhaps I should say 'Comes IN'." The joke was lame and she knew it; its real purpose was to embarrass him more. And it worked.

He blushed profusely as Linda pulled away to pick up Evan's towel from the table where he had laid it earlier. She bent down and first used it to clean his foot and the floor. Then she used it to mop at her gooey crotch.

As amazing as everything had felt, it still bothered Evan to watch the older woman clean herself of the jizz that he had loaded her with. What had he done?

Linda tucked the towel between her legs and took Evan by the hand, leading him back to the couch. 

She sat him down straddled his lap. The towel was still tucked obscenely into her slit and flopped down, landing on his flaccid penis. She placed both arms around his neck and kissed him again before resting her head on his shoulder.

She closed her eyes as she spoke to him. "Please don't get the wrong idea. I'm not some crazy cougar that is looking for a boyfriend half her age. This was very fun, and I think we will do it again."

'We will?' flashed through Evan's head as she continued.

"But I am not looking for anything serious. I am well aware that the age difference between us would never work, anyway. It doesn't mean that it wasn't fun as hell though," she concluded with a peck to his neck.

They sat that way for some time; Evan idly ran one hand along Linda's leg while the other toyed with her hair. Linda had one arm behind his head and her other hand rested on his shrunken prick, peeking out from in front of the towel like a worm climbing out of the ground after a rain storm. Eventually, she pulled her hand from his penis and saw it was coated with residual cum. She rolled a bead of it between her thumb and forefinger. She stuck her thumb into her mouth and sucked it clean. His wide-eyed gaze made her smile around the digit. 

"K, enough of this," she said with a slap to his leg. She withdrew from him and removed the cum soaked towel from between her legs and tossed it over her shoulder.

"Are you hungry?" she asked, reaching for the phone on the table.

"Yes, Ma'am." He had returned to Ma'am, even though he had just finished screwing her and the towel covered in his seed was draped over her. She didn't correct him.

"Chinese ok?" she asked. 

"Yes, Ma'am, that's fine."

"Do you mind if I order for you?" she asked. She glanced at him out of the corner of her eye.

"Huh? Oh, no, not at all," he responded.

He didn't know it, but that was another test; another which he had passed. She had thought that he would. Letting the older woman order his food for him is exactly what she was hoping for in terms of submissiveness.

She called a saved number, waited a moment, and then began speaking in rapid and, what he assumed was, fluent Chinese. Evan's eyebrows raised in surprise. She spoke for several minutes before getting her credit card from her purse and reading off the numbers. She hung up and turned back to Evan.

"You speak Chinese?" he said, astonished.

"Yes, we have a large Chinese population in this area. Real estate is a profession that requires a lot of trust in the agent and people are inherently untrusting of someone that can't speak their language. I don't like to use interpreters because it breaks the one-on-one intimacy that I get with my clients. I also speak fluent Spanish and passable French as well. Now, let's go upstairs and get cleaned up. They said they are quite busy and that it would be about forty-five minutes."

She extended her hand to Evan, helped him up from the couch and led him upstairs to the bathroom.

The bathroom was massive; Ornate tile work surrounded him on both the walls and floor. The tile was an earthy brown with a line of gold and glass squares running through at chest height all the way around the room. The double vanity was covered in a slab of granite that Evan was sure cost more than he earned last year. 

Linda tossed the dirty towel into the hamper before sliding open the shower curtain and exposing the gigantic clawfoot-style bath behind it. It was easily large enough for the two of them and probably a third. She closed the drain and started the water running, adjusting the temperature. A bottle lay on one ledge in the wall and she used it to squirt some liquid into the running stream. Pink hued bubbles exploded beneath the faucet stream.

Once the tub was full, she turned off the water and took Evan's hand to steady herself as she stepped up and over into the tub. She sat down first, gently easing herself into the water to avoid getting the bandage on her back wet. She dipped her hands into the water and splashed some up onto her chest and boobs. Evan was standing there, staring at her as she did so. He was dazzled by the gleam of her wet skin sparkling in the light of the exposed bulbs above the vanity. 

"Are you going to join me?" she asked. Her head was cocked to the side as she smirked up at him, arms resting on the edges of the tub. Startled back to reality, Evan stepped over and into the tub. He started to lower himself in, then seemed confused as to which way he should sit. Linda decided for him; she put her hands on his hips and directed him to turn around so that he was sitting between her legs, his back to her; her own back was pressed against edge of the tub behind her.

The hot water felt incredible, as did the feeling of Linda's soft wet body behind him. He felt her pubes tickling his ass cheeks as he settled down in front of her. She splashed some of the warm water onto his chest. She did this several times, the final time cupping his chest with each hand and squeezing the firm muscles there.

Her fingers found his nipples and she toyed with them. Evan shivered despite the warmth surrounding him; the pads of her digits brushing across his nipples sent electric-like tingles through his chest. Linda stopped, waited for him to settle down his wiggling, then she resumed. The tips of each middle finger made tiny circles on his nipples. Evan had never had anyone play with them before, nor had he himself. He wasn't at first sure if he enjoyed the sensation before realizing that he was becoming aroused again from it. Very aroused.

Linda saw him glance down at his crotch (what he expected to find there, she didn't know) and smiled. She left one hand playing with his chest and let the other one glide down the front of his body, slowly, before stopping between his legs.

Evan felt her hand close around his hardening member and began stroking it. 

"We have to make sure we are clean down there," she said playfully from behind him. Cleaning involved rubbing her soapy hand slowly up and down his shaft. The water sloshed around in the tub with each pull.

At the end of each downward tug, she would slip her fingers underneath his testicles and roll them for a moment before proceeding back up.

Linda kept scooping the suds from the top of the water to keep his member lubricated as she did so. 

Evan moaned low and Linda immediately removed her hand from his package, rubbing it down the top of his leg instead. "Nope, not yet," she said into his ear. She then bit his ear lobe gently and gave him three kisses along his neck.

She withdrew her hand from his nipple and moved it back behind him to her own crotch. Evan felt her hand as she rubbed at her pussy; whether she was cleaning it, masturbating, or both, he didn't know. Either way, he just sat there as she did so. She continued to fondle his thigh at the same time.

He heard her breathing speed up behind him and she abruptly pulled her hand away, denying herself an orgasm as well. At least she played fair.

Evan slid forward from between her legs and turned around to face her. The ample space in the tub made it easy. Smiling at her, he stretched his hands out to her. She smiled back and took them.

He proceeded to pull her forward onto his lap, her legs circling around his back. His penis was pushed up and against his stomach as her fuzzy mound pressed against him. Both of her arms went around his neck as she leaned in.

His kiss was long and sensuous. Her tongue darted lightly in-between his lips as he cupped the back of her head.

As she withdrew, she said "We had best finish up in here. The food will be here soon."

He made a pouty face as he released her, causing her to laugh. "Don't worry, I think we have more fun in store."

She stood up from the water and her sudsy pubes stared him in the face. He reached out and brushed the soap away before placing a kiss on her mound. She put a hand on the back of his head and held him there for a moment as she sighed.

She stepped out of the tub and onto the bath mat. She pulled a towel off of the rod to the side of the shower and Evan reluctantly got up as well.

Linda had bent over to dry her legs; Evan could see her gorgeous womanhood peeking between her thighs. He stepped behind her and placed the tip of his penis at her pussy lips, brushing it lightly against them. Linda stopped drying herself but made no effort to stand up. She did, however, look up at him over her shoulder and said "Uh, uh! Not now I said." She wagged a finger up at him. He placed his hands on her hips and squeezed them before groaning and grabbing a towel himself.

Linda stood up and turned back to him. She took the towel from him before he could dry himself. "Stand up straight. Arms out to the side," she commanded. He was startled by the sudden directions, but did as she instructed.

Linda bunched the towel into a ball and patted it all over his body. She ran it down the length of each arm, under his arm pits, and across his chest. She then dropped down and ran the towel slowly along the inside of each thigh. When she got to his crotch, she made sure to spend extra time there. Evan's cock twitched as the soft fabric engulfed it. He thought idly that the towel felt like a cloud enveloping his sack, quite unlike the towels in his apartment which rated one (maybe two) steps above sand-paper.

Linda stood back up and Evan started to lower his arms but she quickly stopped him. "I didn't say you could put them down yet!" His arms went back up immediately.

She went around to his rear and ran the towel along both of his shoulders before drying his back. Once the towel reached his ass cheeks, she made sure to give both a firm squeeze through the towel.

Evan's next secret test came as Linda bent down behind him and spread his ass cheeks apart, exposing his rosebud there. Evan was startled and tried to clench closed but Linda gave one cheek a firm slap. "Stay still!" she shouted. Evan had never been touched there by any girl- correction: by anyone period- but he obeyed nonetheless and relaxed.

Linda smiled as he did so; Another test passed. For now, she was content to simply dry in between his cheeks. She wrapped one corner of the towel around her index finger and pushed it lightly against his hole, happy to see the squirm that she got out of him. She was glad. A lot of the boys were such prudes about that.

"Ok, all dry, big boy," Linda pronounced. She wrapped her own towel around her hair and they exited the bathroom together.