 It was a Monday. And just like any other Monday, I was rushing to get to school early for morning tutor sessions. I had my AP Calculus textbook, AP Environmental Science textbook, my graphing calculator and a spirals for three of my classes pilled into my small arms. My flats slapped against the linoleum floor as I rounded the corner into the science wing.

But next thing I know, I collided into a big wall of muscle. I slammed my eyes shut as I felt myself falling towards the ground. Surprisingly, the fall didn't hurt. My eyes fluttered open to be face to face with the most gorgeous man I have ever laid my eyes on.

He had a sharp nose and a chiseled jaw and smoldering green eyes that were covered by locks of his hair. His skin was tan and from what I could feel beneath me, he had some serious muscles. I could feel every single part of his body, especially since my small legs were in between his large ones.

The second I realized I was laying completely on top of the poor man, my cheeks flushed a deep red. I bit my bottom lip as I quickly got off of him.

"I'm so sorry," I said, blushing deeper the second I hear his deep manly chuckle. The sound of his chuckle nearly made my panties wet.

"It's alright," he cleared his throat but his voice still came out in a low tone, "I should have been paying more attention."

He handed me one of my books and I thanked him, "I'm Riley," I smiled shyly while extending my hand.

"Zach," he smiled back.

I felt my eyes trail down his body. He was wearing a sharp looking button down shirt and dress pants. He didn't look like one of the seniors, especially since he was dressed so professionally.

"Say," he said clearing his throat once more, "Would you mind showing me to room A214?"

I look down at my watch and realized I was already late to tutor a random football jock, I minus well help the poor man, "Sure, follow me."

"So," he said, "Are you a junior? Senior?"

"Senior," I confirmed, "Just turned eighteen a few weeks ago."

He chuckled, "Well, I'm twenty three and I just graduated from college last year."

I gave him a shocked look, "So I'll take it your a teacher."

"Yup," he said popping the 'p'.

"Why are you starting to teach in the middle of the first semester?"

"I moved here to get away from my ex-... fiance, long story, and since that science teacher of yours is having a baby, I get to be the new teacher," Zach said while we rounded the corner into a new wing.

We walked a few more doors down until we reached the room, "Thank you so much."

I smiled, "No problem. I'll see you sixth period."

He smiled and waved as I walked out of sight. The second I heard the door shut behind him, I felt myself sigh of relief. He was so handsome I could barely take my eyes off of him. Earlier when we were walking down the hall, I took a peak at his crotch and let's just say I liked what I saw. 

Don't get me wrong. I am not some kind of cheerleader slut that has slept with 80% of the male population but I didn't hold my v-card anymore. I was disappointed. I thought sex was supposed to be magical and special but the boy I fell for used me for sex. Not once did he pleasure me like I did him and not once did he tell me I was beautiful or "good in bed". It was all about him getting off. I learned that out the day he slept with my best friend.

That was why people see me running around with fifty billion things to do and stacks of books to carry. I decided that boys and friends and drama were unnecessary. I just needed to get out of high school to get to college. Then life would be good.

~*~

Unfortunately for me, the school period went by rather quickly. I was walking out of the locker room from PE fifth period, just after I had taken a shower and changed into normal clothes when Kira, my ex-best friend, "accidentally" poured her water bottle all over me.

After decided I would rather just play it safe and go get a new change of clothes rather than strangle her, I walked into AP Environmental Science twenty minutes late. I had to go through the lost and found. Unfortunately for me, it appears that the only people who really lose things in this school are the sluts who wear skirts that barely cover their butt cheeks and people who wear odd sweaters with holes in them.

I was now wearing a black mini pencil skirt and a white sweater. I decided against my bra and undies since they were drenched and would get my new used clothes wet. The second I walked into my science class, I instantly regretted that decision.

I had forgotten that Zach was teaching. He stood 6'2" tall with the front few of his buttons undone.

"Why are you late to my class, Miss. Williams," his sexy voice said sternly.

I swallowed and stuttered out, "I needed to get a change of clothes."

"Why did you... never mind. Meet me after class," he said and the immature idiots in the class "ooohed".

Another unfortunate moment for me, the only seat available was the one front in center of his desk. When I sat down, I didn't ever bother crossing my legs with a skirt on. I forgot since I only owned one dress that my mom forced me to buy.

So as Mr. Morgan continued with his lesson and his deep voice filled my ears and I got to watch his tight ass while he wrote things on the chalk board, I could feel myself getting wetter and wetter. The way he ran his hand through his hair and how his sleeves were rolled up to his elbows and I could see his muscles flex in his fancy shirt made my bite my bottom lip.

My brain was undressing him. I wanted to see what was underneath his clothes. I was interrupted by papers flying down in front of my desk.

I was about to get up and help Mr. Morgan pick them up but he ushered me to sit back down. He froze the second he saw the pool between my legs. I watched as the front of his pants twitched and he shifted uncomfortably. When he got up at the front of the class, his eyes bore into mine for a few seconds until he was forced to look away.

"Alright class, your homework is..." I zoned out after that.

I would be able to text a friend or find it only. Heck, I could even ask him later. The bell rang and students rushed out of the class room. I was packing up my stuff when I felt a presence in front of me.

"Why aren't you wearing panties?" his voice was husky, sending a shiver down my spine that I'm positive he saw, "Why are you wearing that?"

I brought my hand to the skirt and itched it down but his hand was on top of mine, "Don't."

I swallowed audibly. His eyes dilated slightly as I spoke, "Someone spilled water all over me after PE so I had to borrow clothes from the lost and found."

"Then tell me," his voice was so low that another shiver raced down my spin. I could feel my juices flowing, "Why are you so wet?"

He let go of my hand to wipe the juices that were running down my leg. I let out a moan when I watched him suck his fingers into his mouth, tasting me.

"Mmmmm," he moaned, "Sweet but slightly tangy."

I felt my nipples hardening at the sound of his deep throaty moan. I was so conflicted right now. Yes, I was legal, but there were school rules. He could go to jail.

All of those thoughts were thrown out of my head the second his lips were on mine. I couldn't help it. I moaned loudly. His hands were cupping my face and mine gripped onto his shirt. Zach took the opportunity to slip his tongue into mine and I moaned once again.

He tasted heavenly. I gasped when his hands left my face and gripped my bottom, dragging me flush against his body. I could feel him through my thin skirt. I felt my self getting wetter and wetter.

All of a sudden, he lifted me up. I gasped into the kiss and quickly wrapped my legs tightly around his waist. I ground my hips into his raging erection and it was his turn to moan into the kiss.

Our tongues battled for dominance but I quickly submitted to the pleasure the second my back hit the door. I heard the lock click shut. He broke the kiss and began kissing down my neck and along my jawline, leave a hot trail of pleasure behind. He got to my collarbone and growled when he hit the material of my sweater. With a swift movement, he threw it over my head.

I blushed instantly when he saw my bare chest but he said in a low, husky voice, "Don't be embarrassed. You're beautiful."

With one swift movement, he sucked a nipple into his mouth. For a second, I couldn't breath. This is what it felt like to in complete heaven. He walked me over and set me down on his desk, not once letting go of my nipple. He wiped everything off with his arm and laid me down so my back was flat on his wooden desk.

He switched nipples but brought his hand up to tweak the other in his fingers. By now, I was so close. I could feel myself hanging off the edge. 

My skirt was roughly pulled off and a finger plunged into my sex. I gasped for air that seemed to refuse to go into my lungs.

"Fuck, you're so tight, Riley," he moaned against my nipple.

He pumped his finger in and out of me. I pouted when his mouth left my nipple but moaned when he sucked my clit into his mouth and nibbled it gently. I grabbed the back of his head and pulled him closer to me. He added another finger and my hips bucked wildly at their own accord.

"Cum for me," he said while he plunged another finger into me.

I don't know how to describe the feeling but it was like I was free falling. My orgasm ripped through me, my inner walls clenching his fingers. My juices flowed out of me but he was right there to lap it all up.

By now, I didn't care at all about the rules. This felt right. I sat up and pulled him into a deep kiss. I forgot that he was fully clothed. I slowly and teasingly unbuttoned his shirt and once it was open, I raked my nails gently down his toned chest and over his six pack.

I felt him suck in a breath as I kissed just above the waist band of his pants. His hands rushed to his belt and I slapped his hands away playfully.

"Let me," I said, my own voice low with lust.

I slowly slipped his belt off, being careful not to touch his manhood that stuck out proudly through his boxers. He kicked his shoes, socks and pants off.

I got down on my knees and bit his boxers with my teeth, just over his raging erection. He moaned as I kept eye contact with him and my lips brushed his member. There wasn't a piece of clothing between us now.

I took him into my mouth and moaned. He was a lot bigger than I thought. I sucked him as far as I could in my mouth, feeling his tip hit the back of my throat. I forced the gag reflex back as his hips bucked into me.

"Holy shit," he moaned, unable to control the way his hips were bucking.

His hands came entangled in my hair as he guided me back and forth as I sucked his dick. I brought my hand up and fondled with his large balls and he moaned once again.

I could feel his cock swelling in my mouth. I knew he was close to his own orgasm but he pulled himself out of me.

"Shit, stop," he moaned, "I'm going to cum."

I ran my tongue his purple tip and he moaned again, "Do you really want me to stop, Mr. Morgan?"

Zach looked down at me with lust filled eyes and quickly shook his head "no" and I brought him as deep as I could in my mouth one more time and I felt his seed drench the back of my throat. I swallowed each shot in my mouth. I couldn't believe how much he came. His sticky white cum drooled down the side of my lips as he pulled his now semi hard cock out of my mouth.

I moaned when he lifted me on the desk once again and kissed his cum off my chin and cheek. I kissed him deeply and gripped his manhood in my hand. He almost instantly got harder.

Zach pushed me gently until I was lying on my back and with one hard thrust, he was inside me. I nearly screamed. He was big.

"Sorry," he mumbled as he leaned forward and breathed into my hair, "Are you okay?"

I bucked my hips and he grinned. He gripped my hips in his large, warm hands and thrusted his hips into me again and again. I was on cloud nine. I could feel my eyes rolling back in my head as he picked up the pace.

I felt Zach lift my left leg up and onto his shoulder so he could get inside me deeper. I moaned when he hit my spot, again and again. I could feel the familiar light headed feeling and the heat in my core.

"Zach," I moaned.

"Fuck," he growled, "Say my name again."

I opened my eyes to stare into his smoldering green orbs, "Mr. Morgan."

He gripped my hips and plowed into me harder, "Zach. Zach, I'm gonna-"

I let out a soft shriek that Zach silenced by kissing me roughly and urgently. We rode our orgasms together, in our arms. We both knew at that second that we couldn't go without each other. Neither of us cared about the rules and neither of cared that we could get caught. Zach was like a drug and I had him all to myself.