 Evan awoke to the smell of coffee. He yawned, stretched, and rolled over to discover that Linda was gone. He looked at the alarm clock and saw that it was 6:35. He got up and went to the bathroom to relieve himself. 

Linda heard him moving around upstairs and called up to him. "Evan, I'm down here!"

Evan returned to the bedroom and looked around for his clothes for just a moment before remembering that they were still downstairs. He shrugged to himself and headed downstairs nude. 

Rounding the stairs and entering the kitchen, he saw a naked Linda in front of the stove. She was stirring something in a frying pan and had sensibly decided to wear an apron. 

"Good morning, sleepyhead," she said over her shoulder. "Coffee is on the table."

Evan looked down and saw two cups of black coffee with a pitcher of cream and a bowl of sugar. He picked up a cup and added both to it. Also on the table were two empty plates. 

He looked back up and checked out Linda's ass yet again as he blew on the top of the hot cup. 

"How do you take your eggs?" she asked without looking back.

"Uh, just the coffee is fine."

"Nonsense. You are a growing boy" - that was a bit of a stretch, he thought - "and you need protein after your workout last night. Scrambled ok?"

"Yes, Ma'am. Scrambled is fine." He sat down at the table and watched her as she went to the refrigerator to get the quart of milk. She set it on the counter next to the carton of eggs already out. She bent down and opened a cupboard below the sink to extract a bowl. As she did so, Evan saw her pussy lips peek out at him from between her legs. He couldn't prove it, but she seemed to spend rather more time than she needed to in that position rooting through a cupboard that wasn't nearly that large. And he was sure that the bowl that she finally withdrew was right in front. Either way, she found the bowl and began mixing the eggs. Her bottom jiggled as she stirred.

She returned to the stove and picked up the pan. She turned to the table and slid two over easy eggs onto an empty plate on the table before returning it to the stove. After a quick spray with grease, Evan's eggs went into the pan.

She retrieved some cut up fruit from the fridge and Evan caught her side boob from behind the apron. He was surprised to find that the sight of her nipple, half hidden behind the edge of the apron, aroused him. He'd seen her naked for most of the night before and yet it shuffled in his seat as his growing erection poked through his closed legs. But she couldn't see below the table anyway, so he relaxed and spread his legs apart, letting his manhood spring upward toward the bottom of the table.

Thoroughly scrambled, Linda slid Evan's eggs onto his plate. They looked, and smelled, delicious. 

"Dig in!" Linda said as she sat down opposite Evan. Evan was chewing his first bite when he was startled by the feeling of small toes brushing against his shaft and he nearly choked on the eggs.

Linda feigned innocence and didn't even look in his direction as she cut off a piece of her own egg. Evan felt her foot drift down to his testes and she teased them by crinkling her toes.

Linda's toes circled up to the base of his cock; Linda wasn't surprised to feel the erection there. She proceeded to step things up and gripped both sides of his member between the arches of each foot and began stroking him that way slowly. Evan had no idea of the incredible practice that had gone into her being able to do that.

All throughout, she had continued to eat breakfast and didn't make eye contact. She got all the feedback she needed from his breathing and squirming.

"Do you not like the food?" Linda asked, sounding hurt. Evan suddenly realized that he had stopped eating. 

"No, I mean, yes, everything is delicious. Just a bit hard" - she squeezed his erection as he said 'hard' causing him to grunt - "hard to focus on the food, Ma'am."

Linda made a pouty face. Reluctantly, she pulled her feet from his crotch, though not before taking a second to tap the tip of his penis with her big toe.

The rest of the breakfast went uneventfully. Evan finished all of his eggs and a healthy serving of fruit. Fresh fruit and vegetables were expensive so he didn't get to enjoy them much.

He wiped his mouth with a napkin before he spoke. "Well, Ma'am, I should be going. I need to be at work for the eight o'clock shift. Thank you for breakfast; everything was delicious." Evan got up and brought his dishes to the sink. He started to wash them but Linda stopped him. 

"You can just leave them. I have a housekeeper named Jane who comes by later. I have to leave something for her to do so she can earn her pay," she said with a laugh.

Evan shut the water off and turned away from the sink. As he did, Linda cut in front of him for a quick kiss. She grabbed his ass cheeks playfully as she did. With a final slap on one, she sent him to the living room. 

"Ok, stud, go get dressed. I have clients to meet with as well."

Evan went into the living room and picked up his clothes from their spot on the back of the sofa. He noticed that his portfolio was open again on the coffee table. It was open to one of the most erotic portraits he had done. Linda saw him eye it.

"I was admiring your work again this morning while I waited for you to wake up. I hope you don't mind."

Evan didn't. A complaint about an "invasion of privacy" would have probably been rather petty, all things considered, but anyway he rather liked having someone look at his work; His ex-girlfriend, Shelia, hadn't given two shits about his artistic abilities or, really, any art at all. 

"No, Ma'am, not at all." He couldn't help but ask, "What do you think of it, Ma'am?"

"Your skill as an artist is amazing," Linda replied immediately. She picked the book up from the table and held it aloft. Her eyes flowed around the lines of the nude woman on all fours in front of the guy standing over her. Only the guys legs were visible before he disappeared off the top of the page.

"I'm not really one to hang portraits of nude women on my wall, mind you," Linda continued, "but your work is incredible. Have you done any paid commissions?"

"No, Ma'am. Actually, most of those drawings I did from photographs and, uh, online pictures," he responded.

Linda chuckled. "I assume you mean porn; some of those drawings are more than a bit on the risqué end of the spectrum."

"Yes, Ma'am. You could call it that."

Evan dressed and Linda went to her purse to remove her checkbook. She started filling it out and asked without looking up, "How much do I owe you?"

Evan had no idea how to respond. "Um, for having, uh, sex with you? I..."

Linda burst out laughing. "No, silly, for the tattoo!" She gestured to her back.

He had totally forgotten about the tattoo. As he had stared at her backside all morning, his focus had been somewhat lower than her shoulder. Had it just been last night that he'd done it?

"Oh, that. Nothing, it's all set," he said with a wave of his hand. How could he take her money after everything they had done in the past twelve hours. 

"Absolutely not. I'm a business-woman. I don't work for free. I expect to be paid for my work and so should you. Now, how much?"

Evan tried to think of a number that wouldn't make him seem greedy. "Um, $50 is fine, Ma'am." He caught himself looking down the front of her apron at her cleavage as she bent over to start writing.

She scribbled the check out quickly and handed it to him. He started to fold it in half when he saw it was written out for not $50, but $500.

"Ma'am, I think you wrote the wrong..." His voice trailed off.

"I did no such thing. You need to value your work more. I merely paid a fair price for the service rendered. Do you realize that I paid more than $50 after tip for last night's Chinese food?" She closed her checkbook and returned it to her purse.

"Tell me, Evan, have you ever thought about opening your own studio?" Linda asked. Evan's heart sank a bit at having the subject brought back up.

Evan shrugged as he tied his shoes. "Ma'am, breakfast yesterday was ramen noodles. As I mentioned last night, I can't afford a welcome mat to put in front of a studio."

"Forget about money for right now. I didn't ask if you could AFFORD a studio. If money wasn't an issue, would it be something you would be interested it? Is it something you would WANT?" 

Evan looked off into space for a second before answering. "I would love to, Ma'am. Having my own studio has been my dream for years. I think it is every artist's dream, of course, but at the end of the day, art doesn't always pay the bills."

Evan stood up and Linda did the same. She removed her apron, exposing her naked, luscious body to Evan for the last time that day. 

"Give me your number," she said. She handed him the pen she had used to write the check and presented her palm to him. He wrote his number on it before turning it over and kissing the back of her hand. She smiled back at him.

"I'm going to make some calls to some friends of mine. I'll be in touch." She didn't elaborate. 

Evan got one last kiss as Linda led him to the door. She opened it for him ignoring her nudity as she did so and stood there watching him as he left. He could see her naked form in his mirror as his car pulled away from the curb.