 Chapter 8 

Evan went straight to work; he didn't have time to go back home and change his clothes first. He didn't really think anyone would notice anyway. Or care if they did, for that matter. 

He was quite distracted that day. The events of the previous day kept replaying in his head. Had he done anything wrong? Had he taken advantage of the older woman? 

Everything had been incredible and yet he felt ashamed, having done all those things with a woman old enough to be his mother. And, worse, he had loved it. He had loved all of it. She was beautiful -- not for "her age", she was just plain beautiful. And TALENTED.

Evan was both excited and ashamed of the $500 check. On the one hand, he really needed the money and it would go far. On the other hand, while the tattoo was probably worth more than his $50 asking price, it really wouldn't have been more than $100 anywhere else, so he couldn't shake the feeling that he had basically been paid for sex. And paid rather well at that. The word "whore" ran through his head. "Gigolo" would probably have been more accurate, but Evan didn't know it. 

Would she call him again? His heart skipped a beat as the thought ran through his head and he wasn't sure why. She had said that she would.

"Um, hello?" - A female customer stood across the register from him waving a hand in front of his face. He suddenly realized he had been in the middle of ringing out a woman's order and had stopped as he stared off into space thinking of Linda. 

"Oh, God, I'm so sorry, Ma'am!" He hurriedly resumed scanning the items as the customer shook her head in disgust. 

'He's lucky he's cute' she thought to herself.

Linda took the time to shower and doll herself up before meeting with her clients for the day. Evan could get away with going directly to his cashier job looking disheveled after screwing all night, but, as a business woman, Linda had to keep herself looking a tad more presentable. 

Her first client had no idea, of course, that his realtor had spent the night being plowed by a boy toy half her age. Ever the consummate professional, Linda looked as proper as ever.

She did, however, find herself a bit preoccupied with thoughts of the young man. Her main M.O. was basically bag 'em and send them on their way. No tagging, even. Evan was different, though. His innocence, malleability, and raw artistic talent gave her a unique opportunity to combine her stud hunting with her side business interests. And, at the same time, she could possibly change the kid's life.

Chapter 9

She was waiting outside the building that she would be showing to her second client of the day. She had an Ipad that she used for work, but she preferred good old-fashioned pen-and-paper while brainstorming, so it was on a leather backed legal pad that she was running a bunch of numbers. She scribbled one item after another as they occurred to her. After doing some addition, she wrote $50,000 at the bottom of the pad and circled it.

She sat back in the driver's seat of her BMW as she remembered the night's events. As she did, she was reminded of the tattoo by the ache that flared up as she sat against it.

But that ache had been worth it. The feeling of his twenty-something meat sawing into her. His finger rubbing her clit. The feeling of his bare leg rubbing roughly against her wet puss-

KNOCK-KNOCK

Linda blinked, startled back to reality by the tapping on her window by her client, Mr. Degang. "John" Degang was a mid-sixties Chinese man who said his real first name was mostly unpronounceable so he had everyone just call him John even though he was well aware of Linda's fluency. He was an technology importer and Linda was to show him a new location for a warehouse. He was presently smiling down at the day-dreaming woman. 

"Good day, Miss Linda," he said as she rolled down the window. He spoke with a thick accent but his English was impeccable.

"Good Morning, John," Linda said, smiling back. He stepped away from the door as she opened it. In sliding her legs around to the ground, she discovered how wet she'd gotten thinking about Evan. She felt the squishing and wondered if Mr. Degang could hear it. He couldn't, could he? Either way, she had a find a way to control her thoughts for the rest of the day. If she wasn't careful, she'd leave a puddle on the tile floor. Whose insurance would cover in the event of a slip-and-fall resulting from the buyer's realtor's pussy juices leaking all over the place?

----

Evan sat in the break-room at the store. He was toying with a bottle of green tea, spinning it around in slow circles on the table as he stared off at nothing. In his mind's eye, he was sitting behind Linda still, her naked back to him as he leaned over her. He wasn't tattooing her, just sitting there. She looked at him over her shoulder with a smile.

His hands were running down her sides; he could almost feel that soft, white skin of her hips. She turned around on the chair to face him. He cupped one of her firm breasts and tweaked the perky nipple in the center. She cooed and slipped off the chair, kneeling in front of him. He realized that he was naked, too, and her mouth was headed for-

"Evan? Are you ok?"

Evan had no way of knowing that he was being shocked back to the real world at nearly the exact same time as Linda who was twelve miles away thinking of him in her car. In his case, it was Amanda, an eighteen-year-old deli girl, who had interrupted him.  

"Huh? What?" was all Evan could manage. The bottle he'd been playing with tumbled on its side and Evan had to scramble to catch it before it rolled off the table.

"Are you ok?" she repeated. "You are sweating and breathing heavy."

"Huh? Oh, no! I'm fine. Just didn't sleep well last night, so a bit tired," he replied. Why his being tired would make him hot and bothered, he had no idea. Neither did Amanda, but she didn't press the issue.

She sat down across from him at the table and Evan straightened up in his seat. Amanda was somewhat heavy set with long blond hair. At that moment, her hair was hidden behind a clear plastic hair-net. Evan had never really thought about her before but that day, she seemed different. She had a large, welcoming bosom and icy blue eyes. 

The GC Mart t-shirt had a tight fitting neck, so no cleavage was visible. Still, Evan imagined burying his face between her tits and-

"See something you like?" Amanda asked. Evan glanced up from her boobs to meet her gaze. She was smirking at him. He swallowed hard.

"N-No, no! I was just, uh," he stammered. He had no idea what lie to even try. 'Cuz he'd been pretty clearly staring at her chest like a horny teenager.

"Well, unfortunately I have a boyfriend, but if that ever changes, ask a girl out and maybe you'll be able to get a better look at them," she said.

"Oh, uh, hey, I'm due back from break. Talk to you later, k?" he said, standing up and knocking the chair over in the process.

"Sure thing," she said with a chuckle as he hurried away.

----

Linda managed to act like a more-or-less mature adult woman for the rest of the morning. She got back into her office around lunch time and made her first call to her friends.

"Tompkins Law Associates, how may I assist you this morning?" came the friendly greeting.

"Hi, Cindy, please. It's Linda Andrews. Thank you."

"Of course, Ms. Andrews, let me transfer you."

She waited while Cindy's secretary connected her. She heard a couple of dial tone presses followed by a click.

"Hi, Lin, what's up?" said the voice on the other end.

"Hi, Cindy, I've got an opportunity for the group."

"Great. How much?" Cindy asked. She always got right to the point.

"I'm thinking $50,000."

"50 each? I can swing that."

"No, no," Linda corrected, "50 total, 10 each."

"$10,000 each? Doesn't sound like much of an investment, Lin. Will this be worth my time?" The condescension in Cindy's tone was obvious. She was that kind of person and Linda respected her for it. She liked people that didn't pussy-foot around.

"I know, I know, but trust me on this. This investment may come with some significant 'fringe benefits'. His name is Evan, and he's a tattoo artist..."

Linda proceeded to tell her friend & business associate the details of the previous nights exploits.