 "Hi, Buddy, what's up besides your pecker." These dubious words of wisdom came from Agnes, the 45-year-old waitress at Mack's Diner. It was late one rainy night and I had dropped in for my customary dinner after work. Mack's Diner was in what had once been in a fashionable part of town but now was just one step away from skid row. It had become, over the years, the local greasy spoon, frequented by seniors on a fixed income who didn't want to cook at home, singles, like myself, who had no culinary skills and the occasional lost stranger who dropped in for directions, a cup of tar-like coffee, or a piece of gooey pie.

"Nothing much, it's been a rough day. Where's Rosie?" Rosie was the other waitress and my favorite. Although I knew she was 23 years old she looked 16. She was a little pudgy with creamy white skin, red hair, millions of freckles and the most delightful smile and innocent personality you could imagine.

Agnes poured my coffee while she told me the story. "She's out back crying her eyes out. That scumbag druggie/musician boyfriend of hers left yesterday. He must have been planning this for a long time. Without her knowing it, last week he gave the landlord notice that they were leaving. When she got home last night she found her clothes packed up in grocery bags in the hallway. The boyfriend had sold all of the furniture that they were buying on her credit card and the landlord took possession of the apartment. When she went to the ATM machine to get some cash to get a motel room for the night she found their bank account cleaned out. Her credit cards are maxed out so she spent the night in her car."

I couldn't believe that anyone would treat sweet little Rosie that bad. I knew that she was naive but I never thought that she would let someone take advantage of her like that. Then it dawned on me that I only knew her from the Diner and really didn't know anything about her personal life. "Ask her to come out and talk to me. I'll take that booth over in the corner."

Agnes disappeared into the kitchen with my message while I moved my coffee cup and silverware to the booth. I had no idea I was going to do or even what business of mine her problems were, I just knew that I felt sorry for Rosie and wanted to help. 

I had thrown myself into work after my wife and I divorced nine years ago. She took everything we had of value in return for letting me keep the fledgling import/export business. After nine years of 12 to 14 hour days, seven days a week, I was now "successful." I had an attractive offer to sell the business and was very seriously considering retiring with more than a couple of million bucks at age 38.

"Hi Buddy." Rosie's eyes were red and puffy but she was smiling. "What can I get you for dinner?"

"Nothing Rosie. Agnes told me about your problems. Why don't you let me take you to dinner somewhere besides this place?"

"Oh, I'd like that but I don't think Mack would let me go. Besides that, I'm still wearing the same uniform I had on yesterday. I desperately need a bath." She started away from the table then suddenly turned and came back. "I'll tell you what, let me serve you dinner, then I'll go with you to your place and use your shower. How's that for a deal?" 

I thought it was pretty exciting. Rosie didn't know me except from the diner. I didn't think she knew that I had recently bought a very upscale condominium in a new high-rise building. "OKAY, you got a deal!" I glanced at the menu but since it was Tuesday I knew that the daily entree was veal Parmesan. "I'll have the special."

Rosie was smiling as she served my dinner. The rain and the late hour must have been holding customers off, so when she wasn't busy she slid in to the booth across from me. "I guess Agnes told you about my problems. I'm completely broke. The only cash I have is my tips from yesterday and today. I only have two days pay coming. If you have an extra bed maybe you'd let me crash there for a few days until I can get myself together." 

I was overjoyed when she first suggested coming home with me, but now I wasn't too sure. After all, I was almost 15 years older than she was and didn't know anything at all about her. I had been so busy building my business the last few years that there had not been time for women or any other social life. Well, I had committed myself now.

I finished my dinner, left a generous tip and went to the counter to pay the tab. Agnes took my money while Rosie bussed the table. "Rosie told me that she was going home with you. You better be good to her or you'll answer to me! If you hurt her, I’ll pull your dick out by the roots! She's a sweet kid and I don't want to see her taken advantage of again." 

While I was reflecting on what Agnes had told me (and shivering at the prospect of my cock and it’s bloody roots dangling from Agnes’s hand) Rosie came out of the back room putting on a sweater. "I'm ready. Which is your car? I'll follow you. Everything I own is in my trunk."

She didn't say anything else but her eyes got wide when I indicated that the big, new, Mercedes was mine. She fell in behind me with her old Toyota and followed me to the underground garage of the condominium and parked in a guest spot.

"This is some swanky place." She remarked as we stepped into the elevator, loaded down with her stuff.

My 12th floor apartment had a stunning view of the city and the ocean beyond the lights. The interior of the apartment had been designed by one of the city's top decorators. For some unknown reason it suddenly became important for me to impress this young nymph. I watched for the sparkle in her eyes when I opened the apartment door. It was there, along with a sharp intake of her breath. "Oh my goodness, how beautiful!" I was beaming. 

I tried to get her busy stowing her gear but she was standing on the balcony taking in the view. "Come on and I'll show you where you can put your stuff." I made the ultimate sacrifice to gallantry when I added, "Unfortunately I have converted the spare bedroom into an office so I'll bunk on the couch in there and you can have my bed."

She smiled a bit at this news but was not to be patronized. "Oh no, I couldn't take your bed, I'll take the couch."

This still wasn’t quite what I had in mind but I didn’t protest too much. The couch was small and maybe she would get uncomfortable through the night and reconsider. I showed her the "guest" bathroom and got her fresh towels. We both went to bathe, but unfortunately to separate bathrooms. I could still hear the other shower running when I had finished. I brushed my teeth, shaved, doused myself with a liberal dose of Paco Rabanne and put on a pair of loose fitting shorts. In order not to appear too "ready" I added a polo shirt.

I was busy picking up the things that a bachelor has lying around when she came out of the bath. I couldn't believe my eyes and I am sure that my mouth dropped open. She was completely nude except for the bath towel she had wrapped around her wet hair. She wasn't any where near as "pudgy" as I first thought, in fact she was very shapely with large, perfectly shaped breasts. I like freckles and was pleased to see that they were everywhere on her body. I could also see that she was a natural redhead.

"Would you have a robe or a big "T" shirt I could borrow?" She was totally at ease and as much as I tried not to stare she didn't seem to mind my gaze. 

I reluctantly left the most pleasant sight I had seen in a long time and went in search of the requested shirt. (I had a robe but it was an old bulky terry cloth thing that was even too big for me - I wasn't about to let her bundle up in that.)

I handed her the shirt and, as she pulled it on over her head, she said, "You smell good. What is that you have on?"

I almost told her I had a hard on but I knew she couldn't smell that, so I figured she meant my after-shave. "Paco Rabanne, A nice French fragrance."

"Well, come here and let me take a good whiff."

I went there, she whiffed and my hard got harder, so hard that I was beginning to wonder if maybe she could smell it. I put my arms around her and pulled her close to me. She melted, the curves of her body confirming to mine, her forearms against my chest and the top of her head just under my chin. She began to sob softly.

"Hey, its OK now, you are safe."

"I know, I am so relieved that I just had to let it out. You don't know what its like to be broke and homeless."

The sobs diminished somewhat, then she looked up into my face and said innocently, "Will you take me to your bed and make love to me?'

Would I? Damn, now that it was offered I wasn't sure. "Yes, but what's wrong?"

"I haven't been with a man for a very long time."

"But, your boyfriend..."

"Gort? He was celibate. Well, that's not quite true, he was neutered when he was very young and had absolutely no interest in sex."

His loss was my gain, I thought, but I said, "What a terrible thing to happen."

"His mother hated men and did it to him at home the first time he got a hard on at age six. She was put in jail for it. Strangely enough it left him with a high, falsetto voice, that's why his singing was so good." She snuggled a little closer and whispered, "I thought I could handle it but I am so horny I must have sex with another human being or I am going to loose my mind."

It had been almost a year for me too, so I meant it when I said, "I will be happy to help you any way I can." 

"You can help me most by taking me in your bedroom and fucking my brains out. I need to make up for three years rubbing myself with my finger. I want to feel your cock plunging in and out of my pussy. I need to suck your dick until you cum so hard that I can't swallow it all. Slide it between my tits and shoot into my face. I want you to eat me till my eyes roll back into my head. I want to sit on your cock or your face until my pussy is so tender I can't touch it with a powder puff, then, I want to start all over again. 

I think I was smiling when I said, "Just tell me what you want to do first."

She told me and we did. First she lay down on the bed on her back with her legs bent and, with my knees on the floor, I buried my head in her crotch. My tongue had barely touched her clit when she let out a shriek, closed her legs in a vice like grip on my ears and had one hell of a climax. I kept licking and she kept shrieking and twitching until I was afraid she would either pass out or the neighbors would call the cops.

"Oh, my God, I needed that. Now come and fuck me. Put your big dick into my pussy and don't stop pumping until your cum runs out and down my legs." I think she came twice more before I shot off and, by God, it did run down her leg. 

I had never given another person this much enjoyment before and I was feeling pretty good about it. Next she wanted to sit on my face and suck my cock. We did that but now I was beginning to suffer. After my second climax my poor penis couldn't stay hard but she wouldn't quit. She finally let me rest for a while but woke me up around 4 AM for some good, old fashioned, doggy style fucking. By daylight it was my cock that was tender but her pussy was still going strong. It didn't bother her though; she seemed to delight in sucking on it while it was soft. Somehow, she was able to suck the cum out of me without ever letting me get an erection.

Today is Wednesday and I didn't go to work. She was scheduled to go in at 3 PM to work the dinner hour. About noon, I woke up to find her nursing on my soft dick the way a baby would suck on its mother’s nipple. As soon as it was hard, she sat down on it. As sore and raw as it was, we still did it twice more before she went to work, walking with an unusual wide-spread gait.

She said she would be back by 9.

Oh God. I hope I am ‘up’ to it.

Copyright © 11-27-2002 by E. J. Sheeran. All rights reserved. This work, in part, or whole, is not to be distributed, reproduced, transmitted or posted, in any manner, without the express written permission of the author.