 I ring the doorbell before rocking on the heels of my shoes. 

He picked a good place to live. My gaze moves around as I graze over the cute little neighborhood. 

My phone buzzes in my back pocket causing my brows to furrow. Using my thumbprint, it unlocks to a text message.

Doors unlocked.

I sigh, putting my phone away. He's something else. 

After adjusting my hat, I let myself in. I'm immediately greeted with a spacious living room. Closing and locking the front door, I make my way to the mocha colored couch. Placing my purse on it, I move more into his home in search of him.

"Cam." I turn at the voice to come face to face, more like face to chest, with a dripping wet body. I freeze. 

"Will?" Staring down at me, he hums in response. 

"Are you naked under there?" My finger subconsciously points to the towel, which hangs dangerously low. He nods. 

"And you're drenched?" He stares longer before slowly nodding. I blink a couple times then snap out of it. My eyes widen as a scream leaves my mouth. 

Then I quickly move away with my hands covering my undeniably red face. I hear a sigh then footsteps. 

"Cam, we're adults now." I shake my head. That was too sensual for me. I jump when his hands come around my waist. 

"Don't you like me clean," he lifts my chin causing me to remove my hands. I stare while water drips from his hair to his forehead and nose. Turning my head slightly, his lips hover over my ear. 

"Or do you prefer me dirty?" He lightly kisses my ear while my mind starts to go fizzy. All I can do is push him away. With flushed cheeks, I avert my eyes. 

"Perv." He shrugs, running his fingers through his hair. Then he makes his way to a closet. Not knowing what to do, I sit down on his bed. I cross my legs when I feel the fabric between my butt. 

My cheeks get flustered all over again. I always get embarrassed when wearing this type of stuff around Will. I press my palms against my warm cheeks then use the other side of my hands as well. 

I glance down at my ring when I feel it's cold surface. I smile at it. Though he doesn't seem like it, Will's a sweetheart. 

This ring was the first present he gave to me when we started dating.

He tucks my hair behind my ear, breaking me from my thoughts. His finger trails onto my jaw, tracing it then lifts my chin so we're eye level. I blush. 

"You're so tempting." We stare at each other for the longest time before movement is made. He was the first, of course. My eyes never leave his as he moves closer to me. I fall back into the bed as he climbs on top of me. His eyes are still as beautiful as ever and his hair is a little damp. I smile up at him. 

He's so perfect. 

His hands begin to plays with my hair. 

"Will." His gaze flickers to mine. He responds with a small kiss to my lips. Though it was short and sweet I still blushed at the sensation. I place my hands on his shoulders and smile up at him. 

"I love you." He hugs my body, his lips skimming my neck. 

"I know." I giggle at his response. 

"Meanie." My arms wrap around him as my laughter continues when he says nothing. It soon changes into a moan which surprises me into silence. His tongue licks the spot he just sucked. 

It's my sweet one. I subconsciously raise my head as he continues his assaults. 

"W-ill." He makes his way up to my jaw then goes for my lips. I moan into it when his piercing grazes my bottom lip. My fingers find his damp locks and tug.

After the kiss deepens, my free hand runs down his frame. Suddenly he sits up, trapping my wrists above me with his hands. We're both breathing hard as we stare at each other. 

"What are you doing?" My question is more breathy than I anticipated. 

"You're overdressed." I blush while his gaze travels my frame. 

"Will!" I whine. This is torture, why won't he just kiss me! I try to break from his grip, but he doesn't even budge. Okay, either I'm extremely weak or he's super strong. 

"Stop moving." As soon as those words leave his mouth I obey them. His tone was too strict and dominant for me not to. He leans over, placing a kiss on the tip of my nose. His hands move down towards my waist, tracing my figure. Then he gripped my shirt, removing it. I quickly close my eyes, too embarrassed to do anything else. 

"Fuck, you're gorgeous." My lips form a thin line while my ears turn red. 

For the longest time nothing happens. This confuses me so I open my eyes. 

Big mistake. 

There Will was, inches away from my face, in his half naked glory. My gaze lowers to the tent in his underwear. I instantly look away, embarrassed. Then his eyes catch mine. 

"Eyes stay open, I want to see them." I slowly nod then he kisses my lips. His hand moves down to my butt and grips it. My gasp turns into a moan as his lips and tongue make their way down my collarbone. He stops for a second to unclasp the front of my bralette. I go to cover up when my breasts spill out of the cups. He doesn't allow it though. 

"Bad girl." I blush as his eyes darken. Placing my arms back where they were, Will goes back to my body. 

Though embarrassed, I can't help the tingling tightness I get in my abdomen. He kisses down the space between my breasts before taking a nipple in his mouth as he plays with the other. 

This causes a moan to come out, but it's less breathy than the previous ones. I fist my hands while his tongue piercing flicks my nipple repeatedly. 

"Will.." He moves to the other breast, giving it the same attention. I can't stop panting once he's done with them. 

He doesn't stop though, hickeys and bite marks continue down my stomach until he reaches my shorts. I blink rapidly while he removes both my shorts and panties, leaving me bare. 

"So wet." His breath fans my core, causing it to clench with need. I bite my lip. My abdomen tightens more, beginning to ache and burn. His tongue grazes my slit, causing shivers and a deep moan. 

Then he licks my clitoris. I begin to arch my back, wanting more. He just continues to tease me. His tongue ever so slowly grazing my hot flesh. I try to thrust myself against him, but he holds my hips in place. A whimper escapes me when his cold piercing comes in contact with my throbbing clit. 

"Will, please." He chuckles, his breath fanning my core. 

"What do you want, Cam?" I bite my lip as his breath teases my senses. 

"I-I want you." His tongue flicks my clit causing my stomach to clench painfully. He places an open mouth kiss on me as I shiver. 

"Tell me what you want me to do." I close my eyes when his teeth graze the skin on my inner thighs. 

".. please." I try to wrap my legs around him and pull him closer but he just continues placing kisses on my thighs. 

"Use your words, baby." The word itself causes me to throb and pulse for his touch. I moan then bite my lip. 

"I want you inside me." My chest rises and falls as I try to contain my breath and myself. His fingers trail my slit causing a sharp breath of air to enter my lungs. 

"That's a good girl." He coos before opening me with his two fingers, tracing my entrance and clit with another. I whimper, arch into him. 

"Look at you, throbbing for my dick." I whine and shiver as my face gets hotter than it already is. He stares up at me. 

"Aren't you," I frown at him. 

"Just aching for me to shovel my cock in and have my way with you." I close my eyes when staring into his gets too embarrassing. 

"Will, stop." His touch travels up, grazing my sweaty, shaking body before he grips my chin. 

"Eyes, Cam." I open them to find him staring down at me. 

"Now, Tell me," He grinds his erection against my core. I bite my lip as a moan sounds in the back of my throat. 

"Do you want me to fuck you or not?" With furrowed brows and pleading eyes, I nod. He starts nipping at my neck. 

"Use that pretty little mouth of yours before I put it to different use." I gasp when I feel his bare flesh graze against mine. When did he take his boxers off? 

"Y-es!" I tremble under him as he fondles my body. 

"Yes, what?" My breathing escalates as he grinds slower against me. This is pure torture! 

"I want you to f-uck me." His tip pushes at my folds causing a whimper to rip through me. 

"How?" He makes eye contact with me. 

"Slow?" He rubs himself painfully slow against me. I bite my lip. 

"Fast?" He increases the speed by so much so suddenly that I almost feel myself about to come apart. I'm close.. so very close. 

"Gentle?" He kisses my hipbone as he toys with my opening. 

"Or rough?" He slaps my butt, rubbing me into a melted puddle. Then he stops completely causing a cry of disappointment from me. 

"Well?" I wrap my legs around his waist bringing him closer, this time he lets me. 

"R-rough and fast.." He stares down at me. 

"Looks like I have a naughty girl." Before I can fuss at him or get flustered he enters me, grabbing my hips firmly. I hold back a gasp at how his tip alone is too much. 

"Ah!" Tears fall from my eyes as I'm being stretched out. When a little more of him is in he stops. 

"You can't tense up like that, baby." I nod, trying to relax and breath. He kisses my forehead, then cheek, then lips. 

"You need to relax so it doesn't hurt as much." My breathing becomes labored as I try to calm down. He kisses the spot between my breasts then pushes more of himself into me. 

I bite my lip, closing my eyes. Wrapping my legs around his waist, I pull him towards me. He doesn't budge though. 

"What are you doing?" I blush. 

"I thought if I t-take all of you at once the pain would lessen." I avoid eye contact as I bite my lip. Then suddenly he slams into me causing a gasp to pass my lips. He doesn't stop there though. He keeps pushing in then out as I whimper, moan, and squirm. 

My stomach becomes unbearably tight while I try to inch away. He holds me, keeping me from moving then slams into me again. 

"Will!" I whine. He brings his lips to my ear, his breath tinglingly my senses. 

"You wanted this," he grabs my legs and pull them over his shoulders, causing him to go deeper. I muffle a moan as I bite my lip. 

"So you'll gonna get all of it." He pulls out then repeatedly slams into me causing my build up to finally tip over. 

"Oh, god!" I clench around him which causes him to go faster. When I finish he doesn't stop. This causes me to start up again. 

"Will.. Please." He doesn't listen as the rounds come one after the other. 

Then when I'm overworked and about to pass out from all the stars dancing around me, he thrusts in one more time causing us both to climax. After that he lays down with his arms around me. 

"I'm gonna pull out, okay?" I furrow my eyebrows but nod anyway. 

That's weird, why would he need to te- 

oh my god! 

He slowly eases out then kisses my forehead. I shiver at the strange and hollow feeling between my legs. 

Pressing his chest against my back he leaves light kisses on my shoulder while he massages my inner thigh to relieve the pain. I smile at the sweet actions. 

"I'm sorry, I hurt you... I just couldn't help myself. You felt so good." I blush, grabbing a pillow to hide my face. 

"I-It's okay, apology accepted!" His kisses became more heated as they move to my neck while the massages get slower and closer to my soreness. 

"That sweet little pussy was so tight and wet for me. Oh, and the way you were screaming my name-"

"Will!" He stops just as his fingers graze my entrance. Clearing his throat, he moves away from me and sits up in the bed. 

"Sorry." My blush deepens as I hug a body pillow, crossing my legs around it. The soft, silk feeling better against my scowling hot skin. I close my eyes, biting my lip. 

God, he's too much. Making me wanna go again when I'm already as tired and sore as can be. 

"Ima go to the bathroom. I'll be right back."