 ++ Thank you to everyone who has left feedback for me, it is most satisfying hearing your comments, both good and bad. If you don't like my stories, let me know why as it is only then I can improve. If you do, then please feel free to let me know as the best thing you can give an author is encouragement. As an apology for my absence, as well as continuing the popular Vikki series, I have started this new one. I think the writing style is a bit different, but I hope you enjoy all the same...++

All characters are 18 and over and are purely fictional.

*

For 15 years, since she was born in fact, it had just been Emma and her father, her perfect family. She loved her Daddy and he loved her, she was his everything, his princess, and Emma loved it. Then Abygale came, and for the past three years Emma had no longer been the total of her father's attentions.

It was even worse when Abygale gave birth to twin sons. Now both two, Harry, Emma's father, doted on them 24/7. 3 years, 3 years Emma had been forgotten, in her eyes, by the man she loved the most, and it was all Abygale's fault! 

"Why don't you do something about it then, babe?" Emma's boyfriend Tray said absent mindedly as he stroked her breasts. They were in her room, the rest of the family out for the day. Harry would kill both him and her if he knew what they were up to. Emma knew he wasn't really paying attention. 

They had been fucking since their first date 2 years ago. She had gotten a bit drunk, and after watching porn on her Daddy's computer all afternoon she was feeling very horny. Up to that point she had satisfied previous boys with her hands and mouth, but she was feeling rebellious against her daddy, who was now spending every waking moment with his new born sons, and went all the way with Tray.

She learnt early on as a blossoming young girl that her looks and talents could get men to do things for her. A talent that she had not wasted. While being with Tray she had cheated on him with no fewer that 7 guys, mechanics, teaching assistants, anyone who could help her out.

She had been thinking about how she could get rid of Abygale once and for all, and she finally had a plan, but for it to work she needed to ask Tray to do something for her. Laying there naked, Tray next to her, she could feel Tray's hard cock throbbing against her thigh. Although her mind was still working on her plan, she could not help but enjoy the attentions Tray was giving her. The one thing she loved about him was that he never had a problem getting hard. 

Even now, mere minutes after having just filled her shaven pussy with his cum, he was toying with her young firm body, craving more. She mewed softly as his large hands massaged and groped her pert b-cup breasts. Emma wished they were bigger, but Tray had always told her he loved them, getting nearly all of them sucked into his mouth, his tongue flicking over her hard nipple. A trick he started to perform right now, sending waves of pleasure through Emma's small frame.

At 21, Tray's 6 foot height and muscular build made Emma look like a young child. She was only 5 foot 2 and petite. Her jet black hair she kept long, but she shaved her pussy clean, adding to her young look. Tray loved the feel of her pussy when it was wet, sliding his hands all over it, spreading her lips and dipping a finger or two inside her.

Emma squealed with delight as he did this now, his mouth sucking on her nipples, biting softly. Emma's hand went down to Tray's rock hard cock. She remembered the first time she saw it she had been a bit nervous due to its size. At just under 8 inches long, it wasn't the longest she had ever had, but it was thick as her wrist! At her request he too kept his crotch completely shaved, which only made it look bigger!

She stroked her small hand up and down slowly, gripping harder with each stroke as her orgasm built inside her. Tray's fingers opened up her tight pussy and started their way to her g-spot. He knew he had found it when Emma almost leapt off the bed. He could feel his cum inside her, hot and slimy, and the thought of filling her again turned him on more and more. He started thrusting his hips into her fist, fucking her hand as he kissed her neck, slowly making his way to her soft lips.

Emma opened her mouth, accepting Tray's tongue readily and sucked on it as her hand jerked his throbbing penis faster and faster.

"I'm gonna fuck you soo hard little girl!" Tray growled into Emma's ear. Emma loved it when he called her his little girl and that, mixed with his massaging lips and penetrating fingers, sent her over the edge. She screamed as her hips thrust up higher than ever, forcing Trays sticky fingers from her spasaming pussy. She watched him suck his fingers clean from her cum as she remembered she had a plan to action.

Still breathing heavily, Emma pushed Tray over onto his back and immediately took his rigid shaft into her mouth. Tray just lay there enjoying the sensation of having his large soft head engulfed in his girlfriend's hot wet mouth. He loved Emma's blowjobs and it seemed she loved to give them. Sucking her way down Tray's cock, swirling her tongue around, Emma stroked and squeezed his large, heavy balls. They were once again full of cum, but she wouldn't let him release it now until he agreed to her request. 

"Oh fuck baby, don't stop!" Tray groaned as Emma continued to suck, failing, though not through trying, to get all his fat meat down her throat. She pulled off with an audible 'pop' and smiled sweetly at him.

"Fuck me, lover, take me like the dirty little slut I am!"

Tray needed no more coaxing and, sitting up, picked up Emma easily and spun her around so she was facing away from him on all fours. Just how he liked her. Taking his large manhood in one hand he stroked his second over Emma's dripping pussy, taking a second to massage her swollen clit, then he slicked up his cock before pressing it against her tight, little hole.

Emma let out another squeal as she felt Tray's cock forcing her open. Even with her cum lubricating her it was still very tight and she felt his strong hands grip her hips as he pulled her onto him. Emma had to bite her lower lip to stop her from screaming out, the feeling of being stretched open by her boyfriend's penis was like none other and she hated that it couldn't happen more often.

Tray kept sliding himself inside Emma slowly until he was buried balls deep. He let out a grunt as her pussy clenched his meat tightly, it was so hot! "Fuck baby, you're so tight!"

"Then loosen me up, lover!" she replied, looking back over her shoulder, in her best sexy, husky voice. Tray, teasingly, withdrew his throbbing shaft slower than ever, Emma's pussy almost pushing him out. Then, when all that remained inside her was the tip of his cock, he slammed it back inside, his balls slapping against her. Emma screamed with pleasure and immediately started stoking her clit with each of Tray's pounding thrusts. 

Fucking her hard with every inch of his thick cock Tray went faster and faster, feeling his orgasm approaching. He leant forward and with one hand started grabbing and squeezing her breasts. He did quite roughly, knowing she liked it, and heard the cry of pleasure as he pinched her hard nipples.

Emma was so close to cumming, but she felt Tray was too, and she couldn't have him finish just yet.

"GET ON YOUR BACK NOW!" she shouted, her excitement and need to finish unable to be contained. Tray pulled out of her tight hole and got on his back, Emma quickly turned around and took a second to gaze at his body. His job as a landscaper kept all his muscles as large and well defined as his cock. Her dripping cunt spasamed slightly at just the sight of his gorgeous, tanned body and didn't waste another moment in straddling him and sinking his thick, proud shaft back into it.

It was Tray's turn to bit his bottom lip as he felt his throbbing penis squeezed almost painfully by the vixen now riding him. He started thrusting his hips up to match her downward movements and was soon bottoming out inside her. Emma never felt more full than when she was riding Tray and leaned on his broad chest, rolling her hips, taking some of the pressure off him, allowing him to fuck her for longer. Time to put her plan into action.

"Tray, do you love me and my tight pussy?"

A little taken aback, and with his mind on other things, Tray wasn't really concentrating, "What?"

"Would you do anything for me, lover?" Emma asked, still riding him, grinding her smooth wet pussy into his crotch.

"S...sure," he panted between thrusts, "you know I would, baby!" Tray was very close now and he could feel Emma holding back, he would say anything, knowing that she would fuck him to cumming as soon as the conversation were over.

"Really baby? Anything?" Emma continued, pouting.

"Fuck!" Tray cried, needing to cum, "yes, baby, ANYTHING!" he cried, secretly hoping she would finally ask him to do her up the ass, something he had always wanted to try.

"Would you fuck that bitch of a step-mum for me, lover?" Saying this Emma stopped her movements, staying sat on Tray, his close to bursting cock, buried deep inside her. 

"Wha..WHAT?!" Tray shouted, his mind suddenly becoming clear. Emma knew she was losing him and started slowly fucking him once more, she put her cute little girl face on and said more sweetly,

"I want you to fuck Abygale for me, and I want to film it."

Tray's cock was starting to take over all thought again as Emma brought him to the edge of climax. He had looked at Abygale once or twice, for a mother of two she had kept her figure, and was quite a lot younger than Emma's dad.

"W...why would..." he started.

"Cos if daddy finds out she's cheating on him he'll throw her out and I'll have him all to myself." Cut in Emma, not failing to notice how Tray's cock twitched at her use of the word 'daddy'.

"But..."

"I've seen her look at you, lover, and just imagine it, another cunt to sink this monster into." She said coyly, squeezing his cock once more with her pussy.

Tray had to admit, right now he just REALLY needed to cum, and the thought of his girlfriend actually allowing him, no, asking him to cum inside another woman, did turn him on. He loved Emma, but he was a young horny man, and due to her father, he couldn't get at Emma's pussy all he needed. Emma could see that her boyfriend was starting to come round to the idea and all that he needed was one final push,

"I've heard her fucking my daddy, Tray. She moans like a slut." She lied, in fact she had never heard them, especially since the twins were born, "and since having the twins her breasts are so much bigger..." Emma smiled down at Tray and sunk him once again totally into her steaming hot cunt.

"You want me to fuck your step-mum?" Tray asked, needing confirmation, desperate to cum now.

"Yes, lover, fuck her, fuck her hard like a slut and let me watch!"

"Oh fuck!" Tray groaned trying to thrust himself in and out of Emma. She held herself down, denying him.

"Say yes, Tray, please..."

"OK! OK, I'll fuck your mum, I'll fuck her so hard she wont be able to walk for a week!" Tray cried, his cock and balls aching terribly.

"Thank you! I'll make it up to you SO much, lover!" Emma squealed, leaning down and kissing him hard, forcing her tongue into his mouth. She also gave him what he wanted by raising her hips up and down hard, over and over, very fast. Tray couldn't take it and blew his load deep inside her. Emma kept thrusting faster and faster as she felt his cum splashing up into her hot cunt, triggering her own orgasm.

Tray let out a groan as his girlfriend's climaxing pussy squeezed his cock even harder as they came together. Emma collapsed on top of him, his softening shaft still leaking cum into her used pussy, and he felt their combined cum ooze out over his balls. Panting heavily Emma kissed him.

"That was amazing!"

"Did, you mean what you said?" was all Tray could say.

"Oh yes, lover. You're going to fuck Abygale, and make her want it like a dirty slut!" she smiled again, "Now you have to get going, I need to shower and daddy will be back soon with the bitch."

It was a week later before Emma could put her plan into action to get Abygale out of her and her father's life. She had only been able to speak to Tray over the phone, as he father had been home all week. To get her plan to work she needed Tray to come round, but not let Harry know she was dating him. Thankfully they had a large garden, with a pool at the far end, which Emma had managed to convince him needed an update. She told him about Tray's landscaping company and he had agreed.

Tray was to come round today, his boss having done a survey decided that it was only a one man job. To add to Emma's good fortune, Harry would be out almost all day, taking the twins to his parents'. Emma decided to stay for a while before the first meeting between Abygale and Tray, but had made plans for the afternoon to leave them both alone. Little did she know that Tray and herself were not the only ones in on the plan...