 This is actually one of my favorites. Modelled after several different experiences, I felt it was more realistic. Let me know what you think, please! :)

* * * * *

She felt a little better as she felt the lock on the door click shut. Holding her coat tight about her neck, she turned from the door and walked down the cold street towards her home.

The wind blew by her and for some reason she felt angered at that. She pushed forward and walked into the wind. She thought of the day, such a waste. Hardly any business for the books today, the computer was annoyingly unresponsive and to top it off, she wasn't feeling well.

She fumed at the world. Thinking of all the things she could have done today, she continued down the block. She could have slept late. She could have cleaned the house. She could have laid in her comfortable (and warm!) bed and watched television all day!


Growling to herself, she entered the delicatessen to get a few things. She impatiently waited her turn at the checkout counter. She paid for her purchase and left the store in a hurry. The cold hit her again and found herself even more angry. Angry and tired.

She slipped the key into the lock, feeling slightly better at having reached her home. She dumped the groceries onto the counter and walked into the bedroom.

Taking off her jacket, she slipped off her shoes. She unbuttoned her shirt as she walked into the bathroom. She turned on the tub water, making sure it was hot. She pulled off her shirt and walked back into her bed room. She went to the closet and pulled out her robe. Slipping quickly out of the rest of her clothes, she put on the robe. She closed the robe tightly about her and walked into the kitchen.

She took the groceries out of the bags and placed them in the fridge and cabinets. She stepped into the living room and walked over to a glass cabinet. She opened the door and selected a couple of scented candles. She then stepped over to the entertainment center and turned on the cd player.

Walking out of the living room, she grabbed a box of matches. She walked into the bathroom and placed the candles by the candle plates situated around the tub. She lit the candles and tested the water. Satisfied with the hot water, she walked into the bedroom to grab a towel.

She grabbed a towel from the closet and put it by the tub. Just then, the phone rang. She went into the bedroom and picked up the phone.

As she brought the phone to her ear, she sat on her bed. The other end hung up before she even had a chance to say hello.

She placed the handset back on the receiver and sat there for a moment.

She opened her eyes as she felt a pair of hands on her shoulders.

The hands were firm and strong. They felt so good massaging her tired shoulders. She sighed and pushed her head into the pillow, stretching slightly.

His hands worked on her neck with thumbs running up the back of her neck to the hairline. He then slowly moved his firm hands back down to her shoulders. He kissed her lightly on the cheeks as his hands moved down her shoulders between her shoulder blades. 

She felt his thumbs moving between her shoulder blades. She felt his thumbs searching for tension spots, kneeding gently and firmly, rubbing the spots out.

His fingers moved down from her shoulder blades to her lower back, constantly and firmly kneeding. His thumbs runs along her spin and stops just above her waist line. Using his palms, he began by pressing them against her lower back on her spine and then sliding away from her spine. He does this as his hands move further and further up her back.

As his hands reaches her shoulder blades, he returns to using his thumbs. He massaged his thumbs between her shoulder blades again and forces out a sneaky tension spot.

She moaned softly as she felt the tension running out of her body at the touch of his strong hands. She turned her head to the other side and closed her eyes.

She felt him lean over her as his hands worked. She felt so much better now. Not angry, not sick, not tense, and not cold!

"Hi," he said, interrupting her thoughts.

"Mmmm." she responded.

"I'm guessing you had a rough day."

"I'll have an even rougher day if you stop." she said.

His hands continued up her neck. Carefully, he massaged and rubbed up into her hair. His fingers moved along the back of her head. His fingers moved along the back of her head then down her neck and quickly over her ears. His fingers ended up at her temples where he massaged in small circles.

"I don't intend to stop..." he said, "..at least not until you're fully relaxed."

"Mmmm.."

He moved his fingers from her temples after a little while. She felt his fingers move back over her ears and down her neck. Again, his thumbs start to press and massage down the center of her neck. 

Carefully, his hands took hold of the collar of her robe and pulled. He felt her move slightly as he pulled her robe down to the middle of her back.

She felt him then, on her skin. His warm hands on her shoulders. His fingers moved firmly against her skin, relentlessly seaking out the remaining tension spots. He moved along her shoulders, then halfway down her neck. His hands moved down, down the back of shoulders towards her shoulder blades again.

He reached over to the nightstand and picked up a bottle of baby oil. He poured some oil onto his hand and closed the bottle. He dropped the bottle by his leg and rubbed the oil into hands, warming up the oil. He placed both hands on her shoulders and worked his hands all along her shoulders. He massaged down her her back along her spine until he reached the edge of her robe along her back.

Quietly and slowly he worked, every now and again he would reapply some oil onto his hands. Moments later, while workin his hands back down her back, he removed the rest of her robe. His hands touches her waist and moves towards her right leg. 

She finally noticed that he was moving further down her leg. She felt his hands moving slowly, massaging so wonderfully. Her eyes were closed and she continued to enjoy the relaxing sensation of his hands.

His hands moved slowly, first massaging her thigh. Then he moved down to the back of her knee. She felt his hands then massage her calf, carefully. she felt his hands move all along her skin down to her ankle. There his hands massaged the indent between her ankle and foot. She felt his hand lift her leg up. She felt his thumbs run along the center of her foot. 

His thumbs moved along the sole of her foot, slowly in circles. He moved his thumbs down to her toes then carefully back up to her heels. Then back down again to her toes. He took each toe in his fingers and carefully massaged it. After massaging each toe, his thumbs moved again along the sole of her foot, kneeding in small circles while moving back up to the heel of her foot. 

She felt his lips then, on the sole of her foot. His lips kissed her gently as he released her foot and gently guided her back down. His hands took her calf again and moved up. Both hands moving slowly reached her thigh then moved up to her right ass cheek. She felt him shift from her right leg to her left leg.

She felt him begin the massaging of her left leg as he did the other. His hands gripped and massaged her thigh. He moved his hands down.

His hands reached her calf and moved towards her foot again. Massaging the same way, using his thumbs, he moved down the sole of her foot. Then he moved back up again, then once again down to her toes. He massaged each and then moved quickly up the sole of her foot. Once again, he kissed the sole of her foot and guided her back down.

His hands moved up again, up her calf and over to her thigh. Slowly moving up, his hands massaged her bottom. She felt him shift behind her, straddling her legs once more.

His hands moved up her lower back and along her spine. Slowly up through her shoulder blades again and towards her neck. His hands reached her shoulders, he shifts both his hands to her right shoulder and down her arm. He kneeded the tension out as his. His hands moved down her upper arms and further down. His hands moved slowly and carefully down the rest of her arm. His fingers continued to massage down to her hand. Then he took each finger, every finger he massaged. Pully gently along each finger that ended with a snap of his fingers after every pull.

She felt his thumbs moving against the palm of her hand. He moved his fingers up her arm to her shoulder. She felt him shift as he released her arm onto the bed.

She shivered slightly as she felt his lips touch her at the center of the back of her neck. She felt his lips kiss her that once then his fingers back moving again, over to the other shoulder and down her left arm. His movements and path matched the path of her right shoulder.

His fingers moved then, back up her left arm to your shoulders.

She felt his words before he spoke it aloud.

"Turn over." he whispered.

She shivered at his whispering voice. She moved her arms under herself. Her arms felt good, but almost too relaxed to have enough strength to lift herself. She turned over and looked at his face.

He smiled at her as she turned over. He leaned forward and kissed her lightly on the lips.

She felt him shift as he moved to straddle her legs. He leaned forward and placed his hands on her temples and began to massage slowly once more. She felt his fingers move to her forehead and he began using her thumbs. His fingers moved over towards her forehead. He massaged lightly but firmly enough for her to feel the pressure of her moving thumbs. He moved over the bridge of her nose to the sides of her nose. His fingers then moved along down around her cheeks until his fingers reach her neck.

He worked his fingers down the sides of her neck to her shoulders as he leaned forward to lightly kiss her on the lips.

She returned his kiss, pushing her head forward to try to get a deeper kiss. She opened her eyes as he pulled away from her. She saw that he had taken the bottle of baby oil again. She watched as he leaned forward and placed his wonderful hands on her shoulders. She closed her eyes as he massaged her shoulders moving up to her neck.

His hands moved from her neck down to her breasts. His oiled hands cupped her breasts and carefully massaged eached one. He made sure to tease each nipple with his thumb and forefinger.

More quickly than she liked, she felt his hands move away from her breasts to her stomach. She felt his hands moving and massaging her stomach for a little and then move down to her hips. She felt his hands leave her hips and him shift, so she opened her eyes. She saw him scoot down and kneel by her right leg.

He leaned forward and placed both his oiled hands on her right hip. His hands moved then, massaging her hip. He then moved down and his hands separated. One hand on the outside of her right leg, the other on her upper inner thigh.

She had spread her legs and felt her hips move forward as his hand touched her. His hands moved down slightly, massaging, then back up again.

He worked his way down her leg, then back up again. He stopped as his hand was again on her upper inner thigh.

She felt him move again and saw that he was reapplying some oil onto his hand so she closed her eyes awaiting the sensation of his hand touching her again. She didn't have to wait too long, nor was she disappointed at his touch. It felt as if he touched more of her vagina. Although she wanted his fingers to touch her now. Touch her in a more certain way.

She nearly gasped in suprise as she felt his lips on her skin. More aptly, she felt his lips just above her bush. His kissing, she felt, was moving down the center of her. Down towards her now very excited pussy.

His hands moved down her legs, stopping at her knees. His lips kiss halfway down, closer to her pussy. Closer to her clit. He lifted his hands and placed both hands under each of her knees. Carefully he lifted her knees and spread her legs slightly.

She felt his hands pull her legs apart, she helped him by raising her legs slightly. She placed each foot on the bed near his knees. She then felt his oiled hands move down her leg from under her knees.

Slowly his hands moved down her legs, down her thighs. His lips, now tongue mostly, licked down to just above her clit. He saw, more than felt her hips moving her clit closer to his mouth. With much willpower, he resisted enveloping her clit between his lips. His tongue moved away from her clit, towards her right leg.

She gasped as his tongue passed over he clit. She felt his warm breath on her pussy. It felt good, she wanted his mouth to touch her. No, not touch her, she decided. She wanted his mouth to massage her aching pussy. She wanted his tongue to stroke her clit. She wanted those strong fingers to spread her pussy and enter her.

She felt herself getting more excited at the thought. Her body responded to those thoughts, her hips thrusted forward. She felt his hand on her right leg, holding her leg up as his tongue started swirling light tingling circles along her upper inner thigh. She felt his lips on her skin every once in a while when his tongue moved back into his mouth.

She felt his hot breath on her skin as his hand moved up along her leg. His tongue constantly moving, constantly stimulating her skin. She felt the excitement, the electricity run up along her leg from where his tongue touched her towards her clit. Every stroke. Every swirl of his tongue against her skin, she felt along and around her clit.

She was very excited now. She wanted his tongue to touch her. She moved her hands down to his head, gently pulling his head towards her. She was very pleased with herself as she felt his tongue moving back up her leg.

He moved up her inner thigh again, his tongue following the wet trail his tongue left just a moment before. His hand held her thighs from underneath apart. He felt her hips moving involuntarily towards his approaching tongue.

He moved his tongue along her upper inner thigh now. His hands gently squeezed her legs from underneath.

She gasped aloud then. She felt his lips close about his tongue and take a little of her skin into his mouth. She felt his lips tighten around the trapped skin and she felt the suction of his mouth against her skin. As with the electricity, her clit felt the pull of his lips with his sucking on her skin.

She felt him move up, his lips gently sucking up along her pussy. She waited, her body shook slightly as she slowly moved her hips towards his mouth.

He could smell her excitement. He wanted to taste her, but he wanted her to feel good. His lips moved past her clit, barely touching the side of it. Slowly, he moved his lips up. Past her tangle of pubic hair towards her stomach. His lips gently taking into his mouth her soft oiled skin.

She had sighed when his lips past her clit. She wanted him to take her into his mouth. She wanted to feel the massaging walls of his lips against her clit. Against her pussy. She felt his lips against her stomach, fast approaching the government buildings.

His lips played with her bellybutton for a few moments, then moved up. Again she felt the excitement rushing through her as she guessed where his lips were going. Slowly she felt his mouth approaching her breasts. Slowly she had felt him shifting himself up. One leg between eachother, he knelt between her.

She felt his lips then, on her breast. She felt his lips slowly sucking, in a very seductively way to look at it. She felt his lips sucking gently at her breasts, around her nipple. She felt his lips then his tongue on her breast. Slowly he alternated between his tongue and his lips.

His hands had moved up her legs then. Just as he stopped at her breast, his hands were on her inner thighs.

She felt his hands on her innner thighs. She felt his hands move past her pussy and up to her stomach. Still his hands moved up. She felt them cup her breasts as his wonderful mouth took her nipple in. She sighed as she felt his lips pull at her nipple. She noticed an exciting throbbing against her right leg then. Still enjoying the feeling of his mouth pulling and massaging her nipple, she felt his hardness against her right leg.

He was leaning against her, his hands on her breasts. His mouth over her nipple. His aching cock throbbing against his pants as if asking to be let loose. He felt her leg against him, against his cock. He let go of her nipple and moved his lips to under her breast. Slowly he sucked under her breast.

The cool air that immediately attacked her nipple was exciting and very erotic. She felt her hips move involuntarily with that. She felt his mouth, his lips sucking against her breast below her nipple. She felt him move across towards her other breast as his hands now teased her nipples. She felt his fingers lightly running around her breast, around her nipples.

She felt his cock through his pants on her leg. It throbbed the way her clit seemed to throb. She felt it, strong against her. She felt him, his hips moved slightly every time she moved her leg. She teased his cock with her leg by sliding her leg along his hardness. She looked at him as he teased her breasts with his mouth, tongue and fingers. She watched as he closed his eyes and moan softly as she moved her leg against his throbbing hardness.

She sighed again as she felt his mouth over her other nipple. She felt his tongue flicking gently against the tip of her nipple as he sucked her in. Slowly she felt his tongue match a rhythm. Every flick of his tongue across the top of her nipple moved with every movement of her leg.

She moved her leg slightly faster then. She stroked his cock through his pants with her leg. She felt his tongue stroking her nipple at the same time and speed.

She almost couldn't stand it. His tongue moved with her. Her leg moved with his tongue.

She reached up and pulled his head back.

"Lick me." she moaned.

She pushed his head down.

He moved as she wished. He felt ashamed that he was caught in the moment. The feel of her leg against his cock was good. He couldn't stop himself. But at the same time, he wanted to taste her. To smell her excitement again.

He head reached down between her legs then. His hands on her thighs, spreading her.

She watched as her hands stayed on his head. She felt him before she saw him move his head towards her. She closed her eyes and pushed her head back against the pillow, anticipating his soft touch against her pussy.

She wasn't disappointed for long as his mouth touched her. She moaned aloud as she felt his mouth open, slightly spreading her pussylips apart. Every sensation, every movement of his mouth sent shocking waves of erotic need through her. His breathing against her pussy too was erotic.

She felt herself moving her hips then, moving her pussylips against his mouth. Against his lips. She felt his hands, his fingers holding her legs apart. She felt her hands pulling his head towards her pussy.

His mouth kissed and massaged her pussy. He took deep breathes, enjoying her scent. Enjoying the taste and feel of her pleasure. He arched his chin forward then, opening his mouth slightly. He heard her gasp as his tongue moved past his lips and past her's. He felt her shake slightly as his tongue reached into her pussy to gently scoop some of her juices into his mouth.

She almost ached at the feel of his tongue entering her. She wanted his mouth to touch all of her. She moved then, moving herself against his mouth. Moving her pussy around his tongue.

He shifted slightly, letting his tongue slide slightly deeper into her pussy. He moved his tongue out then and up. He felt her lower herself slightly to allow his tongue access to her clit.

She let go of his head then. She slid her hands to the bed and felt her hands grip the blankets as his tongue slid around her clit. She felt herself pressing her pussy against his chin as his tongue moved slowly around her clit.
