 I met him at a party, one I shouldn't have even been at in the first place. My friend talked me into going there, and I knew exactly what it would be like: a lot of cheap beer, a lot of cheap liquor, and a lot of loud, bad music. It turned out to be nothing but what I'd expected. For the first hour I wandered around, talking to some people, excepting drinks when they came into my hand. After three or four beers I was beginning to enjoy myself a little more. 

I wandered into the kitchen, and that's when I first saw him. At first I was a little taken aback- he plays for my college's basketball team, and I have been a die hard fan of the team since I was a little girl. A bonus of getting excepted to the school was that I would get to go to all the basketball teams. I had seen him from afar, and always admired him as a basketball player and, like all the other girls, thought he was damn hot.

But in the kitchen he was even more so, wearing a white T-shirt and jeans, and when he saw me he raised his eyebrows and smiled. I had told myself no more beers, but when he offered me one I couldn't say no. We talked for a while, laughing a lot. He kept finding some way to touch me, and I was getting hotter and hotter as we kept talking.

He leaned in and whispered in my ear,

"My buddy lives here. There's a spare room upstairs. I just want to show it to you, I promise..." he said, putting his hands on my hips.

I was intoxicated by the whole aura of him, the way he smelled, his confidence, that look in his eye. His arms were muscular and really toned, but not overtly so, and he wasn't trying to show it off. When he leaned forward and kissed my cheek and whispered "Please," in my ear, I was sold.

Five minutes later I found myself upstairs, asking babbling questions about the basketball team and the last game they had played. He looked me in the eye for each response, and continued to touch me occasionally, on my hand or arm or side, and all my self-resolve was going down the drain.

Suddenly he pulled me on his lap facing him, in one quick movement.

"I'm sorry," he said, "but I can't wait anymore, so I hope you don't mind me doing this."

He covered my mouth with his and kissed me hard and passionately. His kiss turned me on so much, the heat in my pussy flared and I groaned into his mouth. I wrapped my legs around him and kissed him back, grinding into him. His hands started moving up under my tank top, and he pushed me back, breaking our kiss, and practically tore the tank top off of me. I could feel him getting harder and harder under me, and I rubbed my pussy against his boner as his hands groped my tits.

My nipples were hard and sensitive, and when he rubbed his thumb over them through my bra I practically came right then. He reached behind my back and unsnapped my bra, pulling it off and throwing it to the floor.

"Fuck yeah," he muttered under his breath when he saw my tits, and sucked one of my nipples into his mouth. I gasped and felt a flush rising up me, as he sucked and tongued my nipples, biting them gently. My pussy was on fire and begging for attention, my panties getting damper and damper as he ravaged my body.

"I'm so wet," I moaned out loud, my head thrown back.

He stopped sucking my nipples and looked at me for a minute, staring into my eyes. Then he grabbed my ass and flipped me around, throwing me onto the bed on my back. He stood up and pulled his shirt off, and I saw that his being toned and muscular extended to his chest and stomach too. The look of lust in his eye was unmistakable. 

"I want you to take these off," he said, pointing at my jeans.

I wanted nothing more myself, so I scrambled to do so. The alcohol and being so hot for him had gone completely to my head however, so it wasn't as easy as it should have been. I fumbled for a few seconds before he reached down and pulled hard at the zipper area, pulling the jeans off me, and taking my panties down with them. He pulled his pants and boxers off too, and I saw the biggest, hardest cock I had seen in quite some time. I groaned when I saw it, and reached for it. This guy had other plans in mind however, and he grabbed my wrist hard and pushed me back down on the bed.

He reached down for my other wrist and held them tight in his hand, cuffing me with his own hand. My hands were above my head, my wrists pinned to the bed by his big, strong hand. Without any pretence he slammed his cock into me, stretching my tight pussy and making me arch my back and scream.

"This is what you wanted, isn't it? Huh? Is this what you wanted?" he asked me, pounding into my pussy hard, my legs wrapped around his back.

"Oh fuck yesssss," I groaned, as he kissed my neck and tightened his grip on my wrists.

"I knew this is what you wanted since you walked into the kitchen baby," he told me, pumping me harder still, his cock rubbing over my g-spot over and over again, my vision was getting blurry, I had no idea what sounds I was making, I just knew that I had never been fucked like this and I came hard, screaming his name, my eyes fluttering.

When I tightened around his cock and strained against his grip on me, he pumped me even harder, groaning deeply. I had never been so out of my mind, I was begging him for more, moaning, groaning, screaming for more. His balls were slapping hard against my ass, and each time I came he pounded me harder than before.

Our sweat was making our bodies slippery and wet, and he looked into my eyes and said,

"I've never fucked anyone this fucking hard before," his voice coming out of breath and strained.

I responded by arching my back to get him deeper into me, his hard, deep thrusts increasing, his groaning getting deeper and more rough.

"Come for me again," he said, slamming in and out of my pussy, pounding me, hitting my g-spot just right. I couldn't help but oblige, and I saw stars when I came this time, my pussy squeezing so tight around him that he almost had to stop thrusting. I could tell he was close too, and when I came down from my orgasm he pulled out of me fast.

I looked at him questioningly for a second before he shoved his cock into my mouth. I sucked hard, tasting both of us, and he grabbed the back of my head as he came, exploding in my mouth, grunting. There was so much cum I almost couldn't take it all. I swallowed as much as I could and licked my lips to get the rest. He was watching me as I swallowed his cum, panting, exhausted from fucking the shit out of me, so hard, for so long. 

He collapsed on the bed next to me. I was completely spent too, my pussy sore, but in a wonderful way.

"I think there's a lot more in store for us," he said, pulling me to his chest, resting his hands on my ass.

He was right.