 After that one wild night at the party where my newly found guy had fucked the shit out of me, we started seeing each other pretty frequently, and about a month after we met, we were a couple. I had gone home from that party barely able to walk, he had fucked me so hard, and his sexual appetite continued to be relentless and powerful. It was really great, but we didn't have as much time as I would have wanted, because his schedule was so busy with basketball-games, practices, and he was often under a strict team curfew. 

One Friday night I got a fantastic surprise when he turned up at my apartment with a case of beer, Chinese food, and a wide grin on his face. I went and BEGGED my roommate and best friend Elizabeth to go away for the night and after promising to do her laundry for a month I got her to go.

We were alone on the couch, cuddling after eating the food he had brought. I was resting my head on his lap and he was playing idly with my hair. I was getting really horny being so close to his cock, smelling his cologne and feeling his hands resting on me. He seemed to be very absorbed in the television however, so I tried to focus too...but I couldn't. I started running my fingers up and down his leg and thigh, playing with the buckle of his belt, trying to get the idea across to him.

"What's on your mind tonight..." he asked sarcastically, still looking at the TV but smiling.

"Well...? I'm sorry, I didn't realize you were thinking about spending the evening a different way when you showed up here tonight." I answered back, running my hand under the hard muscle and smooth skin on his stomach. His hand which had been resting on my shoulder started to move over to my collarbones and slid down the curve of my breasts, over my T-shirt and to the top of the sweat pants I was wearing. When his finger tips were just under the elastic, he stopped and said,

"Yeah, I was thinking of the same things too, I have been all week."

He pushed me back away from him, so my head was resting on the opposite end of the couch and my feet on his lap. Reaching up to my hips he pulled the sweatpants off me in one quick fluid movement, taking me by surprise. He grabbed my ankles and pulled me closer to him, at the same time spreading my legs apart. Under my ordinary sweatpants I was wearing a fancy lace thong. 

My guy looked at it for a few seconds, while I breathed heavily and watched him looking at my shaved pussy and the small amount of cloth covering it. He ran his fingers up my bare leg and to my thighs, making me tingle all over. With his other hand he worked my T-shirt up my stomach as far as he could, over my tits, revealing my bra and then he said to me,

"Take the rest of it off."

I sat up, and while I was pulling the shirt over my head I felt him push my thong aside and thrust 2 fingers inside me, pushing them as deep back as they would go. I gasped loudly and stopped with my shirt halfway off. 

"Take it off." He repeated, starting to curl his fingers up inside me, thrusting his hand into my pussy. I pulled my shirt off as fast as I could and laid back down, my chest heaving, legs shaking as he fucked me with his fingers, my juices covering his hand. 

"You like that don't you? Huh? You like that, yeah you do don't you," he asked me, pushing his hand harder into me, looking at my face.

"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh yessssss," I moaned, my eyes rolling back, fighting for air. He rubbed my g-spot harder, and I heard him changing positions but my mind was so captivated with the waves of pleasure surging through me that I was completely taken aback when I felt his tongue flick over my clit, back and forth, rubbing it.

I moaned and gasped and arched my back up to him, and in response he started to suck on my clit hard, all the while his fingers ravaging the inside of my pussy. My legs really started to shake and I knew I was going to come soon. I was begging for more, whimpering, urging him on as his tongue pressed hard into my clit and his fingers stretched my tight pussy.

My orgasm hit me like a truck and I screamed his name, grabbing his shoulder hard, thrusting my hips upwards while I rode my orgasm out. When I came down I was gasping for breath and a fine sheen of sweat covered my chest. 

"Sit up," he demanded, taking his hand out of me and pulling his own shirt off and unbuckling his pants, pulling them off along with his boxers. His cock was hard and thick and precum glistened at the head. I moved forward and took the warm head of his cock into my mouth, flicking my tongue over the head to taste the precum. I sucked harder and moved my mouth down, my tongue lavishing the silky skin on the head of his cock. I usually have some troubles giving him head because he's so big, but I really tried this night, using one hand to rub his balls while I took more and more of his cock into my mouth.

I looked up at him with my mouth full of his cock to see his jaw clenched, his eyes looking down at me, and his breath coming out raggedly. This turned me on so much that I moaned aloud, my mouth vibrating on his cock. He sucked in breath and pulled me off him roughly, helping me onto his lap. He reached around me and unhooked my bra and threw it down to the ground. With both hands on my hips, he pushed me down onto his cock, my wet dripping pussy covering his hard and throbbing cock.

"Ohhhh fuckkk," I moaned, throwing my head back as I started to ride him. It felt like he was practically in my stomach, and each time I rode forward on him the head of his cock rubbed my swollen g-spot. His hands grabbed at my body while I rode him, my tits bouncing in front of him. He rubbed my nipples hard, rolling them between his fingers. I called out to him that I was coming and I did, my pussy tightening down around his cock as he thrust up to meet my thrusts as I orgasmed all over him. I didn't stop riding him, my legs wrapped around his back, his hands on my hips helping me move forward on his cock.

The room was filled with sounds of our bodies slapping together, his heavy breath and grunts, my loud moans and whimpers, as I rode him faster and faster. I came a second time, burying my face between his shoulder and neck, screaming into his skin, my juices flowing out of me as I came. I suddenly felt his arms wrap around my waist and he picked me up and carried me to the table in the dining room area, his cock buried in me the whole time. When we got there he pulled out of me and turned me around, pushing my chest down onto the table. He spread my legs farther apart and I felt the head of his cock at my opening. I waited, anticipating his thrust into me. When it didn't come I whimpered in desperation and turned around to look at him.

He ran the head of his cock up and down my slit, teasing me, driving me crazy. Suddenly I felt his hand smack my ass, grabbing it hard afterwards, reaching under with his other hand to rub my clit between his fingers. I groaned loudly, he knows I love it when he's rough with me. 

"You want more?" He asked me, rubbing my clit harder and smacking my ass.

"Fuck, yes" I moaned, pushing my ass back against his hand. I can never hold out for more than 30 seconds when my clit is paid attention to, and with his playing with my clit so savagely and the warmth that was spreading through my ass as his big hand kept grabbing and smacking it, I came almost instantly, screaming loudly, my vision getting blurry.

Before I was even done coming I felt him thrust into me, the head of his cock hitting my cervix, prolonging my orgasm and my screams. He started fucking me now, thrusting into me, his balls slapping against my ass. The force of his thrusts was so hard and deep that the table was moving forward. My juices were running down my thighs, he was holding onto my hips as he pounded into me, fucking me until I couldn't see at all, could only beg him for more, scream for him not to stop, feeling his cock stretching my pussy every time it thrusted in and out of me.

"You like that, yeah, don't you, don't you like it, you love it when I fuck you like this, don't you," he asked me, pounding me harder then before, making me gasp out in surprise. I didn't know where he got this strength from. My sweat was making me slide forward even more on the table, and his sweat was dripping down onto my back. I came over and over again, sometimes in small and intense orgasms, sometimes in long and held out ones, but my guy was loving it, and each time I came he pounded harder into my pussy. 

After about fifteen minutes he reached over and rubbed my clit again, tugging it firmly between his fingers. I was practically crying from the pleasure and hard, rough fucking that was going through my pussy, and when I came I just screamed his name, my legs giving out from under me, and I felt him explode into me too, grunting loudly and cumming all over my pussy and pulling out and cumming on my ass too. 

We collapsed onto the floor together, regaining our breath, and as I fell asleep in bed with him a few minutes later, I looked up to see a content smile on his face. There's definitely more to come tonight, I thought...