 I smile a little watching Becca from across the store. She was beautiful even if she didn't believe it herself. She was 5'8 couldn't be any more than 125 pounds, blue eyes, black hair. Her hair was naturally a brownish red but she always dyed it black. Most people would label Becca a "goth" type person. But she wasn't, she just liked wearing black. She wore black make up around her eyes, black lip stick on her beautiful lips, she always dressed in black, everything from her shirts to her pants, skirts, even her bra and panties were always black. I was quite different in appearance from her, I'm around 5'11, a muscular 170 pounds, blue eyes and black hair as well only mine was naturally black. I'm 23 years old, two years older than Becca. I look around the store a bit where she worked. She was a cashier at a local grocery store right down the street from the office where I worked as a computer tech. Becca was standing there talking to one of her friends. I slowly walk up behind her as her friend walks off. 

"Hey sexy." I smile wrapping my arms around her. Becca smiles. 

"Hey baby." She says turning her head to look at me. 

"You ready?" I ask kissing her cheek. 

"Yeah I gotta grab my purse." She says slowly pulling away from me walking into the break room in the back. I stand there for a moment waiting on her. 

"Hungry?" I ask as she walks back towards me. 

"Yeah I'm starving" Becca smiles leaning against me as we walk out. I put my arm around her shoulders. 

"Alright, want me to make dinner tonight or do you wanna go out?" I ask opening the door to my car and letting her get in. 

"I was thinking maybe we could go and get some take out or something." She says buckling up as I get in. 

"Alright, that sounds good." I smile buckling up and starting the car. 

Becca smiles and leans back in the seat as I pull out of the parking lot. We drive around a bit until we both decide on where to get the food. We finally get to our house and I park in front of it. We get out and walk to the front door. I unlock it and open it letting her walk in first. I smile as Becca walks over and sits on the couch. I smile and hit the button on the answering machine to play the messages and walk over sitting beside her. Becca smiles getting the food out. 

"I'll get us something to drink." I say getting up and walking into the kitchen. 

I come back with our drinks and we sit on the couch eating and talking about our day at work. We finish our food and I toss the trash away and sit back beside her on the couch. Becca moves over and lays against me. 

"Aw my baby tired?" I ask kissing the side of her head. 

"Yeah." She smiles turning her head. 

I lean over softly and slowly kissing her. Becca moves closer to me kissing me back as her arms slowly wrap around me I gently pull her over onto my lap. She straddles me continuing to softly and slowly kiss me. I slowly move my arms around her letting them rest on her back as she slowly breaks the kiss. She looks into my eyes gently biting her bottom lip. 

"Come on let's go shower." She says softly as she slowly gets up. 

I watch her as she slowly walks towards the stairs. I watch her as she swings her hips side to side taunting me. I slowly stand up and walk over locking the front door. I turn and look at Becca again and she smiles the sexiest smile and motions for me to follow her. Without hesitation I follow her, slowly walking up the stairs behind her. We slowly walk to our bedroom and Becca turns around slowly starting to strip off her clothes. Starting with her shirt she grabs the bottom of it and slowly pulls it over her head. I lean against the door frame a bit watching her. Becca smiles at me and slides her hands down her bra covered breasts and down her flat stomach getting to the button of her jeans. She slowly unbuttons and unzips her pants. She slowly turns around and bends over slowly pushing her jeans down giving me a fantastic view of her thong covered ass. I smile watching her feeling my cock harden. I reach down grabbing the bottom of my shirt and pulling it up and over my head. 

Becca turns and starts walking towards the bathroom. She stops in the doorway and reaches behind her unhooking her bra and dropping it into the floor. I undo my pants and take them off before following her into the bathroom. I smile seeing her bent over turning on the water in the shower. I reach down pushing my boxers down and off. She stands up and smiles at me before letting her gaze fall upon my cock. I slowly walk over to her watching her as she pushes her thong down before stepping out of it. She looks up into my eyes before leaning up kissing me softly and slowly. I put my hands on her hips gently squeezing them a little bit as her hand slowly travels down my stomach before reaching my hard, nine and a half inch cock. I let out a little moan feeling her hand gently wrap around my cock, slowly starting to stroke me. We slowly break the kiss as we stare deep into each others eyes. I lean forward softly kissing her neck. 

"Mmm baby maybe we should shower later." She softly moans. 

"Why's that?" I ask rubbing my hands over her firm breasts. Becca moans and leans up.

"Cause I want you to fuck...my...brains...out..." She softly breaths into my ear. 

I reach over and turn the water off in the shower. Becca smiles before walking past we going towards our bedroom. I slowly follow her as she stops in front of the bed. I smile and gently push her down on the bed. She looks up at me with innocent eyes as she rolls over onto her back closing her legs tightly. I kneel beside her on the bed and gently rub my fingertips up her long beautiful legs. My hands reach her thighs and I slowly slide them back down to her ankles. I look up into her eyes seeing a hint of a smile in them. I gently grab her ankles and slowly pull them apart. Becca giggles trying to close them. 

"Oh what you don't want it now?" I ask smiling a little bit. 

Becca just giggles and bites her bottom lip. I open her legs up again and move over between them. Becca smiles and raises one of her legs laying it over my shoulder. I tilt my head and lean forward softly kissing up the inside of her leg. She closes her eyes for a moment before hooking her leg behind my head and pulling me forward. 

"Baby come on fuck me already!" She whines playfully. 

I smile a move up closer to her. I bring my hand down letting my finger slowly trace the center of her pussy lips feeling her wetness seeping out. I move a little bit pressing the head of my hard cock against her pussy. Becca moans softly as the head presses inside her. I lean down looking into her eyes slowly pressing my cock deep inside her. She brings her legs up and wraps them around my waist. 

"I love you Becca." I say softly looking into her eyes. 

"I love you too Mikey." She says leaning up and kissing me. 

I slowly kiss her back starting to slowly thrust my cock in and out of her pussy. I place my hands at each side of her head, palms down as I lift myself up a bit making our lips separate. Becca moans as I start thrusting my cock in and out of her pussy, making long and slow strokes. 

"Mmm baby." Becca moans as her back arches.

I keep thrusting slowly and deeply loving the feel of her tight and moist pussy around my cock. I watch her as I start increasing my speed. Becca moans loudly as she feels my cock thrusting in and out of her pussy at a faster speed. 

"Oh yeah, give it to me." Becca moans out as her body lifts up off the bed a little bit. 

I groan a little bit as I start thrusting in and out of her pussy faster. Becca arches her back highly as her first orgasm of the night explodes inside her. I groan again feeling her orgasming pussy contract around my cock. 

"Hard...har...harder." She moans loudly as her body starts to shake slightly. 

I let go and start thrusting harder and faster, deeper in and out of her pussy. Becca gasps arching her back again as I continue to pound in and out of her pussy. I reach down and grab her legs bringing them up and putting them over my shoulders letting my cock thrust deeper inside her pussy. 

"Oh fuck!" She moans out as she orgasms again. 

Becca grabs me and pulls me close to her, holding on me keeping me from moving. I put my arms around her letting her catch her breath a bit. Once her breathing goes back to normal she grabs me and rolls us over letting her be on top. I lay back looking up at her. 

"My turn." She says softly placing her hands onto my chest.

I reach up rubbing Becca's breasts softly as she starts to slowly rock back and forth on my cock. I close my eyes for a moment loving the feel of her pussy. Becca leans forward a bit and starts to slowly ride me. I place my hands on her hips squeezing them slightly as I hear Becca softly moan again. 

"Baby your pussy feels so good." I say softly

Becca smiles and sits up and looks down at me as she starts slowly moving up and down on my cock. I moan softly loving this. Becca raises up and stops with just the head of my cock inside her pussy. She looks down into my eyes before slamming down onto my cock making both of us moan out loudly. Becca presses down on my chest as she starts riding my cock quickly. I hold onto her hips as she bounces up and down on my cock hard. Inaudible noises comes from both of our lips as she keeps riding my cock for all it's worth. 

"Oh fuck!" I call out feeling myself getting closer to cumming. 

Becca moans loudly as she reaches up and grabs the headboard of our bed. She grips onto it tightly as she continues to ride my cock. Sweat was covering both of our bodies, our breathing was heavy, we were like two animals going at it. Becca picks up more speed cursing under her breath as her eyes roll back into her head a bit. 

"Becca I'm gonna." I don't get to finish my warning as Becca screams out as her body shakes violently, cumming harder than I've ever seen her cum before.

Feeling her pussy grip my cock tightly I grunt loudly as I erupt inside her, squirting my cum deep inside her pussy. Becca gasps and collapse on top of me. I lift my arms and wrap them around her holding her against me. Becca continues moaning softly as her body finally stops shaking. 

"Fuck" Becca says breathlessly. 

"I love you Bec." I say softly trying to catch my breath. 

"I fucking love you too." She says softly lifting her head up slightly smiling at me. 

I reach up and gently cup her face in my hands before leaning up and softly kissing her. We slowly break the kiss after a few moments and I help Becca up off my cock and lay her beside me. I turn onto my side and wrap my arms around her, as we both fall asleep.