 The room is dark, only lit by a small amount of moonlight coming though the partly covered window. You're standing there in your black lace bra and panties, looking at yourself in the mirror. The way the light hits your body, you look like a goddess. I take my time looking you up and down.

You catch me looking at you and smile. I walk over, put my hand on the small of your back and pull you close. I grab your ass as I lift you up and kiss you deeply, you return the passionate kiss and wrap your legs around me. I feel you grind your hips on me as we make out. I walk us to the bed and lay you down. I leave your lips and start kissing down your body, stopping at your breasts for a moment. I continue down to your pussy and breathe on it. 

You're aroma is amazing. I lean in and lick the outside of your panties. I hear a slight moan. I grin and move your panties aside. Pressing my tongue against your pussy I slowly lick upwards to your clit. I look up as you throw your head back. I begin to lick you as I use my hand to play with your clit. I see you grab and squeeze at your trapped breasts.

As I continue to lick and rub your pussy the moans get louder, your starting to squirm. I can tell you're almost there. I take two fingers and slide them in your wet pussy, driving you over the edge. You scream out in pleasure, falling to the bed. After you catch a breath you look up and say.

"Fuck me. I need your cock inside me."

Before I can respond you sit up and start ripping off my shirt. We stand up and you remove my clothes, push me down onto the bed and take a step back. You slowly remove your bra and panties, then crawl onto the bed and straddle me. With a coy look in your eye you ask.

"Are you ready for the night of your life?"

I sit up and smile as I pull you close. I kiss you as you lower yourself onto my cock. You let out this amazing moan and I whisper in your ear.

"Let the night begin."

I lay back and watch as you start to bounce on my hard, pulsing cock, up and down. You start to speed up when I grab you and thrust up deep into you. I speed up and you moan out.

"Yes! Yes! Oh fuck yes! Just like that baby! Fuck this dirty little girl! Oh god! I'm gonna cum! Make me cum.......OH YES!!!!!!!"

You fall onto me and I kiss your forehead. You look up to me. 

"Ready for round two, stud?"

You get off me and slide down to my cock. You look up at me as you slide my cock into your mouth. It feels amazing, watching you lick your pussy juices off my hard cock. It's driving me crazy and I feel my balls tighten.

"I'm going to cum."

"Not yet." You respond. Pulling my cock from your mouth and winking.

You get up, turn around and bend over.

"Now fuck me like the bad girl I've been." You say looking over your shoulder.

I get up and position myself behind you. I look into your eyes and spank your ass. 

"Mmmmm yes! I've been so bad." You moan out.

I spank you again, harder, you moan louder. Then you feel the head of my cock rub against your pussy. You push back but I pull away. You look over your shoulder as I drive my cock all the way inside you. Your face was incredible. It lit up with this look of surprise, pleasure and complete euphoria. 

I start thrusting, slow at first but then faster and harder. We're both moaning, it's getting intense.

"I'm going to cum! Fuck baby make this dirty girl cum!!!" You yell out.

I grab your hair and thrust harder.

"Oh FUCK!!! YES! OH MY GOD!!!!" You scream out.

"I'm going to cum." I moan out.

"Yes baby! Fill me up! I want it bad!" You reply.

I take a few more thrusts and then push deep inside as we both cum together. I pull out and we collapse on the bed together. Both out of breath. I look over to you and ask.

"Ready for round three?"