 Jack licked determinedly at Melissa’s wet cunt. The top of the stroke brought his flat tongue over her clit causing her to shudder. Melissa was desperate to cum she was so close if Jack would just concentrate on her clit for a couple of minutes she’d be there – guaranteed. Jack let his index finger slide slowly out of Melissa and down to slowly circle her rectum. Melissa’s hips lifted as she began to cum. Jack pushed his finger into her ass as he licked.

“No Jack. Not the finger, not the finger. Oh. Oh. SHIT!” Melissa felt her orgasm wither and fade. “ God damn it Jack. You know I don’t like that – it distracts me. Just because it worked once doesn’t mean I want it all the time.”

“Sorry.” Jack crawled up between her thighs. Melissa stuck her hand between them and covered her pussy. “Don’t you want me to finish?”

“No Jack I don’t want you to finish.” Melissa scooted out from under Jack. “Go beat off if you have too. I’m going to sleep.”


Melissa’s hand paused in mid-brush as she stared at the reflection of her husband in her make-up mirror. “So what you’re saying is that our sex life is boring.”

“I didn’t say that. I said that we were in a rut – a routine, it’s like a recipe almost; one part his one part that, mix, stir pour into bowl…”

“Pour into a bowl? Is that what I am to you – a container for your sperm to be poured into?”

“That’s not what I meant - I said we should try to spice things up a bit.”

“Hey the last time I tried something different you freaked out. The way you were jumping around you’d think I’d tried to kill you.”

“Sticking your finger up my ass while blowing me was not what I had in mind.”

“Well there you have it Mr. Excitement. Variety isn’t what it’s cracked up to be when you’re on the receiving end.”

Jack stood silent for a moment then turn and walked out of the room. He reappeared in the mirror a moment later. “Just ask yourself this – ‘Are you happy with our sexlife? Is this what you wanted? Is this the best we can do? I’ll be waiting downstairs.”

It was a very quiet drive to the party.

They had barely cleared the front door when Melissa spotted one of her co-worker and excused herself from Jack. Jack scowled at being left alone. He was not a good mixer and this was a party filled with people he didn’t know. He found his way to the bar and quickly downed a Scotch. The second one he drank more slowly but that glass was soon empty. The third he nursed as he walked around the house and grounds. The place was impressive, especially the deck complex in the back yard.  The deck contained multiple levels with various sitting areas and private alcoves – very well done.

A slight stumble on a flight of stairs reminded him that he had not eaten since lunch and he went off in search of the buffet. Jack looked around casually for Melissa but she was nowhere to be seen. He was stilled pissed at her for the argument they’d had. Melissa usually drank at parties and would be very horny by the end of the night – only Jack wasn’t feeling very lucky this evening.

He circled back around to the buffet; there had been a tray of sushi that he wanted to sample again. There was one spicy tuna left and as Jack picked it up, a hand closed quickly on his and gently held his down. He turned to the owner of the hand and discovered the most amazing green eyes looking back at him. The eyes were framed by an abundance of auburn tresses and complimented by an absolutely bewitching smile. The smile slowly transformed into a row of perfect white teeth biting softly on a ruby red lower lip. The mouth moved, “Oh, you’re too fast for me. Looks like you get the last tasty morsel all to yourself.” And that bewitching smile returned. Jack smiled in response and was surprised to hear his own voice speak. “Me too fast? I can go as slow as you need me to go. And I’ll gladly share, my teachers always said that sharing is an important part of being able to play well with others.”

 “Oh really? Maybe all I want is just a little taste.” Soft fingertips slid across the back of his hand. Jack knew he shouldn’t, but he did, “How do I know that? You might say you want a taste but then you might just eat the whole thing. Where would I be then?” The smile became positively dazzling, “Where would you be then? Mostly likely slumped against a wall somewhere with a big dopey grin on your face.” Jack swallowed deeply and noticed that he had a raging hardon in his pants. “And what would be plastered all over your face?” The smile slackened and the head tilted forward and then back up, the bright eyes were clouding over. A small pink tongue swept quickly between glossy lips.

Jack’s heart was pounding. What the hell was he doing? If he was surprised before he was shocked now as he stated slowly and clearly. “I’m going to take my spicy tuna out onto the deck. If you’d like to join me perhaps you could find something to wash it down with.” He turned and walked out before the smile could respond.

Once outside he took some deep breaths. ‘What the fuck was that all about?’ He told himself that there was nothing to be worried about, she wasn’t going to come out here. She was probably laughing with some friends right now. Yeah that’s right – nothing was going to happen, because nothing did happen. ‘So why am I still holding onto this sushi?’ He heard approaching footsteps.

“I hope you don’t mind this I prefer a good dry one.” His erection returned with a vengeance and lust drove every rational thought from his mind. Jack held the piece of sushi at eye level, “Do you want your taste now? I’m afraid that if I taste first dry will be the last thing you are.’ Jack was momentarily relieved and then disappointed as he read her reply in her face. Relieved that she smiled as if the joke had gone far enough and was at an end. Disappointed that she sat quietly not responding at all – had he gone too far?

He watched as she set the bottle and glasses on the deck. Jack was surprised as he felt her hand on his as she pushed the sushi to his mouth. When it touched his lips he opened his mouth. “How much do you want?” she asked. Jack bit down enough the hold the sushi between his lips. Her hand left his and move to the back of his head and pulled him to her. She bit into the sushi and held their mouths together as they chewed. The chewing became a kiss and kiss quickly deepened into something very different indeed.

Jack felt his hand close around her breast, her nipple was hard. Her hand trailed down to his pants and rubbed slowly along the bulge of his erection. Jack was enflamed with lust he wanted nothing more than to fuck this woman right here and right now. His hands moved down to her ass and he started to pull her dress up. Her dress cleared her ass and Jack felt the material of her thong. Then she pushed away from him.

“I’m sorry I can’t do this. I’m sorry.” She backed quickly away and was gone. Jack sat down and looked up into the night sky. ‘FUCK!’ Jack sat outside trying to make sense of what just happened – nothing happened! Then he knew, he knew to the very marrow of his bones. He felt his posture straighten and willpower become strong, ‘I want her and she wants me and I’m going to have her.’ Jack felt a strength and power fill him that was exhilarating and fantastically potent. He walked slowly through the rooms - seeking. He knew she was still here as he moved slowly and deliberately through the house. There! She was entering one of the bathrooms on the second floor. Jack moved easily to a position next to the door. He heard the toilet flush and the door handle turn.

The green eyes flashed in surprised the ruby red lips slack in an unspoken question. Jack took her arm and walked her down the hall. As they turned a corner he pushed her against a wall and kissed her passionately. His kiss was returned in kind. Jack turned her to face the wall brushed her hair aside and kissed and nibbled along the nape of her neck. His hands found her breasts and her gently palmed them allowing his fingers to rub slowly over her nipples – they were hard. “What are you doing? I told you I couldn’t do this.”  Jack swept a hand down to her thigh then up under her dress. “You want this just as much as I do – God, you’re soaking wet.”  A finger pushed between her lips and her fragrance of her arousal filled the space. “Please stop. Oh. Please. Ohhhhh!” jack kneeled quickly behind her and pulled her soaked panties to the floor. As he stood he pulled her dress over her hips. He fished his hard cock out of his pants and bending his knees he pushed it between her thighs rubbing back and forth along the lips of her cunt.

“No. No. Are you crazy? Oh. Stop it! Damn you!” Jack felt his cock become slick with her hot wetness. Jack whispered hoarsely into her ear. “Touch yourself. Do it now. The sooner you’re ready the sooner it’s over.” Jack directed her left hand down her cunt. His fingers pushed on her wedding ring forcing contact with her clit. Although he starting the rubbing motion she quickly took over the effort. Jack bent his knees more and pulled his cock upward until he found her opening. He slowly straightened his legs forcing his cock into her. She whimpered quietly to the wet sounds of their fucking. Jack was so turned on he knew he wouldn’t last long. He was shocked as he felt her arch her back letting him thrust deeper inside. He took a step back pulling her hips with his until her back was nearly parallel to the floor. He could now fuck her deeply now and he increased his thrusts accordingly.

Jack felt his orgasm begin to build and his thrusting became faster though less rhythmic. The pressure built to a near-painful intensity and then he came in a silent roar of release. As his orgasm subsided he became aware of her orgasm in progress, her hips twitched and her cunt muscles clenched and released. After they both had calmed down he pulled slowly out of her. He stuffed his slimy cock into his pants and zipped up.

Jack went to help her but she pulled her arm out of his grasp. Her green eyes flashed with anger beneath a cloud of evaporating lust. She walked unsteadily down the hall and reentered the bathroom. Jack picked up her panties and stuffed them in his pocket, ‘let her explain that when she got home.’ Jack walked down the stairs and noticed that the room seemed different, he felt like a tiger amid a flock of sheep. He chuckled softly and went in search of a drink.

If the ride to the party was quiet the ride home was intensely still. Melissa would not even look in his direction. As the garage door slid down Jack broke the silence. “I actually enjoyed that party.” Melissa’s eyes narrowed, “You bastard. Do you have any idea what you did tonight?” Jack smiled as he shook his head, “What are you talking about?” Jack walked into the kitchen and leaned against the counter. Melissa glared, “Someone saw you Jack.”

“Saw what?”

“I overheard someone saying that they had seen you down the hallway and that they could see you. They knew it was you Jack!” She undid his belt and pulled his pants down to his ankles, his boxers soon followed. Melissa grabbed his limp dick and pushed and tugged it around to thoroughly inspect his cock, balls and matted pubic hair. “God! Look at this mess! You didn’t even bother to try and clean up!” She began to lick him clean. She was quick and efficient and Jack was soon very clean and very erect. Melissa walked to the sink and washed her hands and rinsed out her mouth. As she walked past Jack she glanced down at his twitching erection, “I hope you got enough at the party cause you’re not getting anything from me.”

Jack turned to follow and fell. “Fuck!” 

Melissa started to laugh. “Oh yeah Mr. Smooth. You look like such a stud sprawled on the floor.” Jack scrambled to disentangle his pants as he heard the fading sound of Melissa’s laughter. Once free he ran into the hallway to see Melissa within steps of the top of the stairs. He leapt like a tiger and caught her before she knew what had happened. “Jack!” Melissa found her arms pined and her thighs forced apart. “What do think you’re doing. Jack the kids can be coming home at anytime. Stop this!” Melissa felt Jacks cock pushing against her lips as Jack sought her cunt. “Oh God.” Jack pushed fully into her. “Damn you Jack! Stop it!” Melissa felt him pull out of her and she was able to stifle a moan of disappointment. She felt the pressure of his cock again but his angle wasn’t quite right. “Jack that’s not the right place. Jack I said that’s not – NO NO NO NO. Jack!”

Melissa could still feel the pressure of his cock at her asshole. “Jack.” Slowly the pressure eased and Melissa relaxed. Jack stood and stepping over her walked into their bedroom. He was standing in the shower when he heard her use the toilet and then brush her teeth.

Jack stumbled bleary eyed into the kitchen pulled by the aroma of fresh coffee. He sat and sipped slowly. Melissa sat across from him. “We need to talk. This is getting too complicated. People are talking and I can’t keep making excuses. I feel like we’re about to be caught and I don’t like it.” 

He sipped quietly and marveled at her beauty, “Do you have any idea how beautiful you are? The light in your hair. I’m ready to give up everything for you.”

“Jack. That’s just what I mean. We need to talk about this and you’re trying to seduced back into bed. It’s not fair.” She tried to scowl at him but the truth was his words were having their intended effect. She could feel her nipples harden and a growing warmth between her legs.

“Fair. There’s nothing fair about this. I think about you all the time – is that fair? When I see you, God when see you I can’t see anything else – is that fair? You touch me and – is that fair?” Jack was standing before her. Her robe was loose enough that he clearly saw the swell of her breasts and the thigh of her right leg was reveal to her hip. “Is it fair that just seeing you like this enflames me?” He knelt before her and pushed her robe apart.

“Jack – don’t.” Jack’s hand moved softly along her thighs until his fingertips touch her just above the cleft of her cunt. His hands pushed down between her thighs and forced her legs apart. “No Jack – please. Not here.” Her pleas were swept away by her own desire and she found herself sliding her hips forward and spreading her legs wide. Jack’s tongue danced across the inside of her thighs and over the swelling lips of her cunt. He stabbed his tongue inside as a moan escaped her mouth. A finger followed his tongue and was soon stroking the roof of her vagina as his tongue licked languidly across her clit. Her breath was a series of panting gasps as she climbed toward release.

The backdoor opened and Jack stood quickly. He wiped at his mouth and chin before turning around. Four teenage girls in soccer uniforms trooped into the kitchen - the first girl looked at them with apparent disgust as the other three unsuccessfully stifled giggles and embarrassed glances. A chorus of “Hi Mr. Barnes, Hi Mrs. Barnes” filled the kitchen. Jack smiled and nodded in acknowledgement. He turned to see that Melissa had turned the deepest shade of red. Her skin tone perfectly complemented her ruby red lips and her auburn hair. And her eyes, her sparkling, gorgeous green eyes were wide in an unmistakably clear message “oh, are you going to pay for this.”

Melissa quickly regained her composure, “Andrea, I thought you had a game this morning?” Jack and Melissa’s youngest daughter lifted a quartet of water bottles up. “Stephanie forgot the water – again.” Her expression a combination of irritation with Stephanie and disbelief at what her parents were nearly caught doing in the kitchen. Melissa noticed that Stephanie was looking at Jack with thinly disguised lust. As Andrea led the girls back out the door they heard Stephanie say, “Damn we were just a couple of minutes too early.”

Jack turned to Melissa. “Hey, I didn’t know they would be coming back. This isn’t my fault.” Melissa closed the door. “This is exactly what I was talking about. Good God, a couple of minutes later and we would have been doing on the floor.”

“Actually I was planning on using the table.”

“Jack. This isn’t funny. You saw Andrea, she was mortified. Sometimes I wonder if our role-playing is getting out of hand. I can’t believe you did that to me at the party last night. I was so embarrassed that someone had noticed and now this morning…”

“Come on Melissa, they watch movies that show more than they saw just now. Besides the other girls weren’t freaking out. They seemed fine.”

“Seemed fine or were looking fine? I couldn’t see your expression but I could sure see theirs. Stephanie looked like she was ready to join in.”

“I had no idea you had such a dirty mind and I can’t believe you’re jealous of her. We’ve known Stephanie since, since – forever. She’s just...

“She’s just about handful. Have you forgotten how she was always climbing into your lap and giving you a kiss - she has always had a crush on you – just like her mother.”

“What? Helen has a crush on me? Really? You know I noticed that it looks like she’s been working out lately. I wonder if she enjoys hiking, you long walks in the woods…” Melissa glared at her husband. “Oh come on Melissa, I’m just joking. You know you’re the only woman for me.” Jack hugged his wife and nuzzled her neck. Releasing her him set his mouth in a wicked leer.

“Jack – Jack what are you thinking.” Melissa tried to act seriously annoyed. Her arms were crossed across her chest and her face was stern.

“Then I must prove my love for you – to you. Yes. I must prove my love.”

Melissa started to back away as Jack continued to leer at her. She turned and sprinted for the stairs. Jack’s feet thundered on the treads as she followed in hot pursuit. He caught her, picked her up and threw her onto the bed. As her legs flew apart Jack dived between them and thrust his tongue into her. Melissa’s cries of pleasure grew louder and louder until they drifted out the open bathroom room window and fell softly on their neighbors ears.

Helen paused in her morning yard work. Her husband’s untimely death had left a great hole in her life. In the five years since she had filled that hole with work and caring for her daughter. But a part of that hole could not be filled no matter how many plastic lovers she employed. She wanted, no actually she needed a man to hold her, to fill her, to satisfy her. She knew she should go out, everyone told it was time, but the thought of dating filled her with dread – but maybe there was a different solution.

She took off her gardening gloves. Jack and Melissa never locked the back door and within minutes Helen found herself at the top of their stairs. Her heart pounded to the sounds of their lovemaking coming from the other side of their bedroom door. She slowly undressed until she was naked save for the bandana around her neck. She took a deep breath, grasped the doorknob, and turned it. As the door swung silently open she walked in.