 This is written as a follow up to an earlier story but probably works on its own. A friend had suggested my writing needed to be more raunchy. If you're looking for scene setting, character development, and a slow build up then I suggest you read other submissions by myself or others. This ain't that kind of story.

********

We laid in each other's arms after having had sex for the first time. A friendship had flared into much more and I couldn't wait to explore your body further. This time I knew the sex would be no holds barred.

I started to tongue a nipple as I twisted the other. Both responded by swelling, each like a little penis getting hard. I licked every bit of first one breast and then the other. I let my tongue lap in broad strokes on the top, on the sides, and underneath before swirling around the areola. I would then draw the nipple into my mouth and suck hard, squeezing it between my lips as I did so. I could tell you liked having your breasts treated a bit roughly. 

I kissed my way down your body. Your hard, tanned stomach was like a highway straight to your nether regions. 

Positioning myself between your legs I started to tease those slippery lips. Just a short time ago I'd emptied my load inside you and our combined juices offered a wonderful delicacy. The smell to me was an overpowering aphrodisiac. I actually buried my nose inside you to get as much aroma as possible. As I let my tongue graze those swollen lips you squirmed. My face became covered in juices as you spread your legs even wider in response. Your inner slut wanted to come out to play and I was more than willing to help.

Switching positions, I laid on the bed and rolled you over on top of me. This put your sopping cunt directly above my face and I started aggressively licking as I got to taste more and more of what oozed from you. 

You returned the favor by taking my cock in your mouth. You moaned as you tasted me and your lips brought me to full hardness in no time. You were sucking me as hard as I'd sucked your nipples. I'd heard the term "she could suck the chrome off a trailer hitch" and I was beginning to believe the phrase had been coined about you. If I hadn't already cum you'd have had a mouthful by now. You occasionally would stop sucking to lick my balls and take them gently into your mouth. Your tongue swirled around the head again before you slid my hardness all the way to the back of your throat. 

As I held on to your firm cheeks and licked you I let a finger graze your pink rosebud. You clinched involuntarily but the quick intake of breath gave you away. I gently let my finger caress your anus. You relaxed and moaned which I took as permission to go further. I slid two fingers up inside you and loaded them with cum and pussy juice. I smeared that mixture around and pushed a finger against your now slippery asshole. It slid in easily and I thought this isn't the first time something had gone up your back door. As I pleasured you orally I kept moving my finger in and out and then added a second finger. I now knew where my second load of the night would end up. I stopped for a moment and pushed you gently over on your side. You let my cock out of your mouth and gave me a questioning look.

I asked if you had lube and you told me to look in the nightstand. I found the lube and something else, a blue jelly dildo. You rolled your eyes at me as I just set it aside on the bed. Rolling you onto your back I pushed your legs back and put them over my shoulders so I'd have free access to both asshole and pussy.

I took the lube and slathered my cock and poured a little onto a finger to get some on your asshole. I put my cock at the entrance and pushed. My mushroom shaped head popped in fairly easily leading me to believe that the jelly dong had been there before me. I slowly inserted myself, inch by inch, until I was totally buried. I pulled out nearly all the way and drizzled more lube on my shaft before sliding it back in. Gradually I started to stroke in and out. The tight ring clinching me felt so good. You reached down and started to frig yourself with fingers pushing inside and rubbing your clit. You shuddered as the first orgasm hit you but wanting more you barely paused before pleasuring yourself more.

Fully buried, I stopped for a moment and smiled at you. I then picked up the dong and placed it at your pussy lips. Between our earlier fucking and the juices that were now flowing no lube was needed. It slid in effortlessly. You gasped at the double penetration and through the thin wall I could feel it against me. The sensation was driving me crazy.

We settled into a rhythm of the dildo going out as I plunged in, me pulling back and you rammed the dildo home again as we see sawed your two holes. My balls banged against your ass cheeks as I pounded harder and I felt my climax starting to build. The rhythm was soon lost as we both rammed in and out. You orgasmed again as I hit the point of no return. I buried myself as deep in your ass as I could and spurted every drop of my load far up inside you.

We were both breathing hard. You took the jelly dong out of your pussy and gave me a smoldering look as you brought it to your mouth and sucked it clean. Yes, your inner slut had come out to play tonight and I looked forward to getting to know her much better. 

As took my softening dick out of your well used asshole I stood back and admired the scene. A well used and sloppy pussy with swollen lips along with your other hole that was already starting to leak cum created a picture I'd never forget.