 The Amish have a little known tradition called Round About. From the ages of 16 to 21, they can do whatever they want, smoke, drink, have sex, everything the Amish frown upon. When they turn 21, they have the choice of remaining Amish or joining the outside world. This is a story about two young people experimenting with sex and pornography. It is in no way a true story; I mean no offense to the Amish.

“Are you sure this is the correct place? It is so, hidden; if we did not have the directions, we would not have found it.”

“Yes, it is as my brother described it to me. He said that they do not want to attract too much attention. Do you still want to do this?”

“Of course I do Daniel, we have been sheltered from the outside world. I want to experience what other young people do. My older sister persists in telling me how it is between men and women; I want to experience this for myself. Annie says that with the right partner, great pleasure can be had. You do not want this pleasure?”

“Perhaps more than you, Becky. You do not understand what it is to be a man. Our bodies, they, ah, become excited when thinking of women,” Daniel blushed bright red under Becky’s curious scrutiny. “When I think of you, it is all I can do not to rip your clothes off and take you. I want very much to be with you intimately. Let us go inside.”

He took her hand and led her into what his brother had called an ‘adult book store.’ From what Jacob had told him, it was not a place for young women. But Becky had insisted on accompanying him. She had said that she wanted the experience so she knew how to please him. 

He blushed and became aroused at the thought of just how Becky would ‘please him.’ Daniel did not know much about sex other than that is was supposed to be enjoyable. All he really wanted was relief from the burning in his loins. 

Once inside the store, Daniel and Becky took in their surroundings. The walls were covered with paintings of men and women in various coital poses, some which seemed to defy physical abilities. 

Shelves lined the walls around the paintings. They held video boxed sporting titles such as ‘Foot Fetish’ and ‘Strictly Anal.’ Other shelves held impossibly large dildos in every color imaginable. Yet another shelf was dedicated to something called ‘bondage.’

Daniel squirmed futilely to hide the bulge forming inside his pants. He could see from the knowing glances of the few other customers that he was fooling no one. Except Becky. She was staring about her with a look of amazement and intense curiosity on her beautiful face. Daniel was glad that all of this did not repulse her. He also noticed that she was also fidgeting. Was she as aroused as he was?

She dropped his hand and went to the shelf of dildos. She picked a large one up and carefully examined it. When she twisted it about in her hand, it began to vibrate. She almost dropped it. “Daniel, what is this thing?”

From its shape, he had a good idea what it was used for but did not understand why anyone would use one. Wasn’t that what men were for? Just as he was about to answer, a blond with the biggest chest Daniel had ever seen approached them. She was dressed in tight pants and a baby tee with the store’s logo on it.

“Well darlin’ I can see that yer a little confused. Don’t yer parents explain anything to ya?”

Becky dumbly shook her head.

“I suppose not. Would ya like to know what that little contraption is for? Sure ya do. Well, it’s called a dildo. When a woman gets all hot an’ bothered and there’s no un around to help her out, she turns this puppy on and helps herself. Do you catch my meanin’? No? Okay, a little more detail. When ya feel the need, ya flip the switch an’ put it in yer pussy. Between the vibratin’ and the clit stimulator, yer guaranteed to orgasm.”

Despite the words the woman used, Becky got the gist. Blushing she replaced the item. “I do not believe I like the idea of someone touching themselves. Why do something so base? Daniel is all I need.”

The blond grinned back at her. “Well darlin’ that’s fine with me. How about a video? It would explain some things yer parents left out.” She led them over to a rack of movies at the front of the store. “This one should do, and this one for a little how to.” She handed them two boxes, one with the title ‘Only Oral,’ the other was titled ‘Basic Sex.’ “I suppose ya don’t have a VCR at home?” 

They shook their heads.

“Well, in that case, y’all can use the back room. I lend it out to a few special people. It’s right through that door. I’ll see how it’s goin’ in a little while. Enjoy!”

Clearly dismissed Daniel led Becky into the small room. In held only a bed and a TV. The bed looked inviting, all red and black silk. Daniel took the ‘Only Oral’ video from the box and put it in the VCR. After a minute of pushing buttons, he got it to play. Joining Becky on the bed, he focused his attention on the screen.

The picture that appeared shocked them both. There was a petite woman kneeling on the floor in front of a large man. They were both naked. The man was pointing his enormous cock at the woman’s pouting lips. At his sharp command, she began licking the length of him.

Daniel was utterly fascinated. He had never imagined anything beyond the basic act of coupling. The picture before him opened up a new world of interesting things he and Becky could do.

The scene on the movie equally excited Becky. She was not thinking about Daniel however. She was focused solely on the feelings coursing through her body. Heat was pooling low in her belly causing much more intense sensations then she had ever felt before. She could feel moisture between her legs where there had never been any before. Her breasts felt heavy, they ached to be touched. Her body felt, alive. 

She did not completely forget Daniel however. When she glanced in his direction, she found him shifting back and forth, uncomfortably, one hand rubbing his lap. Becky didn’t known what a penis looked like, and never thought much about them. She imagined that walking around everyday with one would be uncomfortable. The man on the movie’s was enormous! Were all men’s that size? Were they always erect?

Becky moved closer to Daniel, needing to touch him. Reassured by his presence, she turned her attention back to the screen. The man’s cock was now inside the woman’s mouth, an impressive accomplishment, considering his size. His hands were in her hair, controlling her movement. At first he guided her gently along his shaft. But it wasn’t long before he was grunting and moving her more quickly, practically ramming her face into his pelvis.

After only a few seconds of frenzied activity, the man froze, then pumped one last time into her mouth. Daniel and Becky could not understand what had happened until his cum oozed from her mouth. Both of them understood then, having seen animals mating. They both wondered silently why the man had spent himself in the woman’s mouth. Nothing would come of wasting his sperm outside of her vagina. They both concluded that it must be for the pleasure of the act and nothing more.

Becky’s earlier question was answered at the sight of the man’s now flaccid cock although it raised a new question. How would the man please his partner with his deflated member? That question was also soon answered. 

The man was now sprawled on the bed, seemingly exhausted. The woman climbed up his body, licking as she went. The man’s limp cock twitched but stayed down. When she reached his face, she kissed him deeply before sitting astride him, her pussy aligned with his mouth

Becky gasped when his tongue darted out to lick her slowly. The woman threw her head back and moaned at the contact. Several minutes passed before she to climaxed. The video ended with a shot of the couple sleeping curled around one another.

The sexual spell broken, Daniel and Becky looked at one another. Their eyes burned with hot desire only the other could satisfy. Becky broke the silence.

“Daniel, I feel very odd. I am hot, here,” She touched the apex of her thighs to show him. “And I feel wet.”

Daniel couldn’t talk, he took her hand and put it on his bulge. She understood him and unbuttoned his trousers quickly. Reaching inside freed his member. Her eyes were glued to the sight of his excited flesh. He was smaller than the man from the movie but she didn’t care. Daniel was perfect as he was.

While still staring, she began to unbutton her dress. Her clumsy fingers fumbled, unable to free herself from her clothing. Daniel took over and quickly had her nude. His eyes were drawn to her full breasts. Without thinking, he cupped them, massaging her with is supple fingers.

Becky arched her back, trying to get closer to his wonderful hands. She gasped and moaned, effectively communicating her pleasure. Heartily encouraged, Daniel lowered his mouth to one hard nipple. He laved her breast extensively before moving his attention to the other.

She could feel the tension building in her loins, begging to be released. Only one thing could assuage her need. Regretfully, she pushed him away and began ripping his clothes from him. Daniel didn’t object, he wanted to bury himself deeply in her silky pussy and never come out.

He was as naked as she was in seconds. Daniel now took the initiative. He lowered her to the bed, caressing her as he went. As much as he wanted to go slow, savor the moment that they would join together, he felt frenzied with want for her.

He swiftly parted her thighs to ease his way. The sight he revealed took is breath away. She was like a beautiful flower, red, hot and wet for him. Without another thought, he plunged into her. He was surprised when he met resistance. It tore easily under his assault however. Marshalling all of his control, Daniel held himself still and gazed down into Becky’s scrunched face.

She was clearly in pain. “Becky, what is wrong, how did I hurt you?”

“It is alright, my sister told me that it might hurt the first time. It is passing now. Please Daniel, love me.”

That was all he needed. He withdrew and plunged back in, setting a hurried rhythm. Becky easily matched him, arching to meet his downward strokes. All thought was gone from their minds as they strove together towards the peak of their pleasure. Their pace quickened minutely, the bed protesting loudly under their assault. Seconds later, they orgasmed together. Cum shot deep into her womb, she gladly took it all, reveling in the sensation of warm liquid splashing deep inside her.

Daniel collapsed atop her, winded. They didn’t hear the door close softly.

“I tell ya, them Amish kids sure can fuck. All that sheltering just makes em’ all the hotter for it.” The blond chuckled to herself before going back to her job.