 Later that night, after all the fun had happened, I started to get ready for bed, eager for my boyfriend to join me, but he stayed up playing some more, teasing me by brushing his hand along my bra-less breasts. He tweaked my nipple, making it get erect and even pinker. I was just crawling into bed when he was finished and ready to join me. 

"Hello." He wrapped an arm around me, pulling me into a kiss, "How're you?" 

"I would be better if you went and brushed your teeth." I giggled, playfully pushing him away. 

"Aw baby." 

"Go." I whispered. "I'll still be here." 

"You better be." 

I nodded and readjusted myself on the bed, pushing half my panties down to reveal my bare hip. I turned and took off my shirt, trying to think of the sexiest position. I changed a few times, from completely nude to sexy lingerie and all sorts in between. It stuck me just as I heard him gargling in the bathroom. I opened the night stand and pulled out my good friend the vibrator and peeled off my panties, leaving me in only a thin, translucent bra. 

By the time Jonathan walked in, I had opened my legs as far as they could go and was teasing my clit with the wonderful vibrating toy. 

"Holy hell." He moaned. His athletic shorts tented out at the sight. 

At the same moment, I dipped the device into my eager hole. I threw my head back, exaggerating my pleasure for show, and let out an enormous moan. 

Jonathan stripped off his shirt and was next to me in a second, feeling the wetness coming from in between my legs. "When'd you get that?"

"Remember those 2 weeks you visited your mom in New Jersey?" I panted. I threw one hand behind his head and pulled him into a passionate kiss, my other hand driving the vibrator as far into my pussy as it could go. His tongue frenzied in my mouth. 

"Yeah." He broke away. Jonathan shifted so he was near my feet. He lifted them above his head, maximizing the effect of my toy. 

"I got it--oh fuck--then." I kept moaning as he took my hand away from it and started to guide it himself. 

"I remember you being horny as hell the night I got back. The first time we had sex on the coffee table."

I nodded and laughed. My toes curled in pleasure as my boyfriend fucked me with the fake dick as fast as he could. I grabbed the bed sheets and closed my eyes from how fucking fantastic I felt. 

As I neared the edge, and probably what could've been the biggest climax I've ever had, he slowed down abruptly. I groaned in the disappointment. 

"Hold on." Jonathan pulled down him shorts, then moved my legs as far up to my head as they could, the vibrator still buzzing happily in my pussy. I moved to take it out so he could fuck me there, but he grabbed my hand and pushed it back onto the bed. "You got to control earlier, now I control." 

I giggled in happiness. "You know my kink for hot dominating guys."

Jonathan nodded and rubbed some of my pussy juices onto his penis. He moved it to my mouth. "Suck it, you whore." 

I gladly took it in my mouth. I tasted myself on him while a mixture of his precum and started to smile. 

Jonathan didn't want any of that, because he grabbed my head and started fucking my mouth hard. He forced his long cock into the back of my throat, making me gag, but I still enjoyed it, like I said I love blow jobs. Any kind. 

I moaned from a mixture of the vibrator inside me and his long cock fucking my mouth. I felt his balls tickle my chin which each thrust. I took my hand and drew a line along them, caressing them. Jonathan smiled evilly, enjoying every moment. Finally, after more than a minute of a brutal mouth fucking, Jonathan groaned and released my hair, though he hadn't cum yet. He readjusted my legs again so they revealed my fat pussy lips, which still had the long metal object buzzing. He slide the vibrator up and down a few times, making me moan and beg for release, then spread my ass cheeks. 

I'm not normally into anal, Jonathan's cock was longer than fatter than comfortable, but that night I loved it. Usually guys start out gentle, testing me, but not that night. After he spread my cheeks and revealed my tight hole, Jonathan thrust all the way in to the hilt. I almost screamed. I reached above my head to the head of the bed and started to dig my nails into it, and biting my lip. 

Jonathan went in and out of my asshole wildly, using one hand to guide himself and the other to plunge my toy inside of me. The vibrator tickled my g spot and set my clit on fire. 

"Ah, Jonathan." I moaned, running a hand through my hair. Neither of my holes had taken this much and I was feeling things I'd never felt before. 

My boyfriend moved his hips in and out of me while fucking my pussy in perfect sync. While one was in, the other one wasn't and it was sending me over the moon. 

"Fucking hell I'm going to cum." I moaned. I felt the climax building inside of me quickly. 

"Me too." He grunted. 

I arched my back, opening my mouth in a silent moan as I felt him empty his second load of the day into me. He kept thrusting though, gradually slowing down. Finally he removed the vibrator from my aching pussy. 

"God." I moaned, wrapping a tired arm around him as he laid next to me. 

"That felt fantastic."

"Oh yeah."

"Round 3 for today?" Jonathan asked. 

"Are you joking?"

Jonathan shook his head. "You can see I still need more of my gorgeous girlfriend's body."

I noticed his dick was still halfway between erect and not. A smile twinged on my face. "Round 3, sure."

"Really?"

"Nope." 

"Oh you're so mean." 

I giggled and kissed his nose. "That's why you love me."