 Wolter sat hunched over the table of the guards' dining hall, shovelling the delicious pile of potatoes and beef into his hungry mouth. All day he had been part of the guard while the King held court. It was boring work, just standing there listening to the drivel of the petitions. At least it was also clear that the King was also bored by it all. But such uninspirational work had its privileges; a trifle less dangerous than the battlefield and the pay was very handsome. The uniform of course brought other perks too. 

Looking around the crowded hall, there was not exactly anyone he wanted to take to his chamber that night. It was dinner time, the room filled with noise. The only women to be seen in the hall were the uninteresting kitchen staff, who were serving up the evening meal. The castle had a small army of plump and feisty middle aged cooks. They had a reputation for taking no nonsense from anyone and were well known for being able to knock a battle hardened man to the floor. A wave of commotion suddenly ran through the hall, shouting and wolf whistles. Wolter looked up to see one of the Princess Emelda's maids scurrying up the edge of the dining hall, looking very embarrassed. One of the cooks stopped her, scalding her for being in "no place for a little girl!"

She explained to the cook, that she had been ordered to fetch someone. The cook rolled her eyes and grabbed her arm, heading to where Wolter was sitting. "You!" The cook snapped at Wolter, poking him in the back with a stubby finger, "Someone here for you!" Wolter turned to the girl, looking her up and down. The Princess only allowed the prettiest of girls in her service it was said. With her face like a tomato, the girl curtseyed.

"Em... Sir... Princess Emelda wishes to see you immediately..." She leant in closer to him, now whispering "in her private sitting room." Wolter sat up and cleared his throat, knowing precisely what she meant. 

"I will be right there, you may go girl." He told her, a grin creeping across his face. The girl curtseyed again and practically ran out of the hall. Pushing his plate aside he got up, pulling his cloak over his shoulders. He could feel himself being watched by others in the hall, stares full of jealousy. It was said that the Princess was set to take the throne when her father passed, and not her older nephew as was assumed by most. Emelda was a cunning and ruthless young woman, who had already cleared the path for herself to the throne. She had bribed, blackmailed and bullied all into placing allegiance to her in the future as the Queen. In addition to her relentless grab for power, even the peasants in the streets knew about her relentless sexual appetite. It was the main tool that she used to control and manipulate people. Wolter had first heard of Emelda's lust for orgies and 'casual encounters' from one of the other guards. He found it hard to believe, until the night he had returned from battle. There had been a celebratory banquet. Wolter was summoned away again by one the Princess' maids. He went to her chamber as requested, to be greeted by her fully naked. Wolter did not take much persuasion to do as she wanted then. 

Striding through the castle now towards the Royal quarters, it was clear that the other guards and staff knew exactly where he was going. His journey to the rooms of the Princess was unimpeded, as he gently knocked on the door. The door was opened by a naked beauty, but it was not the Princess. Wolter recognised her instantly as Lady Joyce, one of the Princess' ladies-in-waiting. Without a word she beckoned him in, gesturing to the where the Princess lay facing down on the grand bed. The light and atmosphere of the room made it feel like a dream. Low candles and an open fire flickered light. A sweet odour hung in the air; vanilla he thought it was. Joyce lay down on one of the long chairs beside the fire place, watching Wolter as he moved. He saw then that Joyce and the Princess were not the only ones in the room. He almost tripped over another girl on the floor, who was fast asleep on a pile of cushions and blankets. Stepping over her, he approached the Princess, her petite frame glowing in the low light. She appeared to also be asleep, but he could hear the gentle moans that she was making. 

"You there boy... Don't say a word, no talking!" She told him sternly, not even looking at him. But it was perfectly clear why he was here, as she raised her curvaceous behind on the edge of the bed. He felt his manhood react to her order, ready to serve Her Majesty. Quickly undoing his breeches, he glanced over to Joyce again. She lay with her legs spread, gently rubbing in between her legs. Her eyes fixed on Wolter. Spreading the Princess' ass cheeks apart revealed a shiny, dripping pussy. Not just of her own arousal, but it was clear that Wolter was the not the first man who had paid the Princess a visit that night. Gripping his cock he pushed it between her wet pussy lips, filling it up. It slid into her tight hole without resistance. Sounds of intense pleasure escaped them both, as Wolter began to thrust into her wet hole. The Princess couldn't help herself from grinding and thrusting herself against him, as he began to furiously fuck her. 

Pinning his hands down on her back, he pushed her into the bed. He didn't care that she was the next Queen of the land, right now she was just another wet hole to fuck. Beneath him the Princess was gripping the sheets furiously, shaking with pleasure as his bulging manhood penetrated her again and again. Wolter was so desperate to fill up her tight, warm hole with his cum. Gripping her hair tightly; he kept slamming his thick cock inside of her. He was so close to the edge now. He wanted to hold it so much, it wasn't every day you could just fuck the Princess. But he couldn't hold it as the cum exploded from his cock, letting rip a mighty roar. His muscly fists gripped her hair even harder, as he pounded her into the bed with the final thrusts. Letting go of her hair and pulling his limp, dripping cock from her pussy; she moaned again intensely. Still lying on her stomach, she looked up towards him, the first time their eyes had met that evening. She grinned wickedly up at him, wiggling her ass a little and feeling the wetness inside her. 

"You are dismissed." She told him, resting her head again back down on the pillows. Smirking to himself, he picked up his breeches from the floor and pulled them on. Heading out the door, he winked at Joyce who was still furiously rubbing herself. Composing himself, Wolter strode again through the halls of the Royal chambers and outside to the darkness with the most satisfied look on his face.