 Watching the trees pass by, Roxxana was excited to get out of town. "It's very nice to unwind, and to do so with such a sexy man is even better," Roxxana thought to herself. She smiled, looking across the car at her perfect lover. His blonde hair blowing in the soft breeze at it poured through the window. She could smell his cologne in the air, sharp but pleasurable...

"Oh Jude," she moaned. Feeling his large cock press into her. His hand reached down, pulling her hips closer to him, thrusting his cock even deeper. Roxxana squirmed with delight as Jude felt her breasts, and played with her clit fucking her doggy style. Roxxana reached down, gently massaging Jude's testicles between her fingers, his soft blonde hair curling around her fingers. 

His penis was shaved, the only hair left surrounded his balls. "Turn over," Jude demanded, pulling his penis out of Roxxana's tight dripping pussy. She did as she was told; laying down she gazed up at his beautiful face. His bright blue eyes cut through her like nothing she had ever known before. Jude pulled her legs up over his shoulders, burying his hard cock deep in her snatch. Roxxana felt her juices drip out of her as Jude thrusted harder and harder. 

She could feel his pulse as he stopped suddenly, his cock deep in her. His mouth opened, releasing his tongue on her hard nipple. Sucking it into his mouth, breathing hard with excitement. Roxanna moaned, feeling that not too common wave of ecstasy rush up her spine. "Oh baby..." she started, cut off suddenly as Jude pushed his cock even deeper than before! Her words became rambles as she came harder than she had ever cum before. 

"Oh that's very nice my love," Jude grinned down at this beautiful nymph. "Now, you know what to do," he stood up. Pulling herself up onto her knees, Roxxana took his swollen member into her mouth. Tasting her cum on him, mixed with his precum; it was enough to drive her wild. Her hand reached down to her clit as she sucked. Her tongue wrapping around his shaft Roxxana listened for Jude's moans. 

He was the only man she knew who actually moaned. And Roxxana loved it! It drove her crazy, just listening to him was enough to make her pussy soaking wet. Her finger dipped inside her wet snatch, feeling around for the itch, Roxxana began to rock grinding her clit against her palm. 

Jude's hand gripped to her head, pulling her hair. Roxxana opened her mouth just in time to watch his magic wand explode. His cum ran down her perfect breasts, down her beautiful tummy, and onto her hand mixing with her cum as she rocked herself off. Roxxana cried for Jude as her pussy squeezed her fingers as she came. 

***

"Is it too cold for you," Jude asked politely, watching Roxxana from the drivers seat. He reached his hand out to her, touching her bare thigh. He pushed up her short skirt exposing her tight wet pussy. "Starting the party without me?" He asked grinning.

"Wha?" Roxxana looked down, finding Jude's finger probing her snatch. "Mmm, right there baby," she moaned pressing her clit to his finger. Her eyes opened, finding the huge bulge in his lap. "Well, do we need to pull over?" She asked looking down at his clearly outlined package. 

"No baby, if we stop we won't make it to the bed and breakfast in time. Sorry," he trailed off removing his hand. Roxxana was left horny, hot, and alone. Reaching into the back seat, she found her purse. "Need a light?" Jude asked politely, reaching for the car lighter.

"Not quite," Roxxana grinned devilishly. Searching her purse, she found aspirin, cigarettes, a lighter, FINALLY...she found it. Her hand coming back clutching a silver vibrator, smiling in delight, "since you're not going to help me."

"Oh baby, I'd love to...maybe when we get there ok?" His gaze returned to the road. Roxxana turned the large silver shaft releasing the soft vibration. Holding the tip up to her hard clit she moaned softly, her hands reaching up to her breasts, disappearing under her shirt. She turned the vibrator just slightly, it roared to life! 

"Mmm, you see what you're missing out on," she called between shallow breaths. Dipping the tip just inside her warm pussy, she held the shaft up to her clit, grinding into it her feet perched on the dashboard. Looking over at Jude she buried the cold shaft in herself, eyes half closing in pleasure. Roxxana let out a loud gasp. It didn't take long, a few tugs and she was there. She moaned, writhing in pleasure, her feet scrambling as she came. 

"Holy shit," Jude exclaimed watching his angel cum beside him. Roxxana pulled the vibrator from her dripping hole, putting it to her mouth she tasted her sweet cum. Suddenly the car swerved throwing Roxxana into the door hard, a loud horn blasted through the air. Time turned into slow motion, she could do nothing to stop her happy wet silver vibrator from falling right out the window. 

"FUCK!" She shouted swinging around as if seeing it would bring it back to her empty hand. Roxxana started to cry, it was almost like a death in the family. 

"Baby, I'm so sorry," Jude pulled to the side of the road. "I was watching you, I didn't see the car. Are you ok?"

"Do I LOOK ok?" Roxxana flared, opening her car door.

"What are you going to do?" Jude called after her. Jumping out his door as well, Jude caught up to her as he vibrator came into sight. His arms wrapped around her, she turned into his warm safe body burying her face in his muscled chest. Hearing the car drive over the metallic shaft, crushing it into thousands of pieces. 

"Oh no..." Roxxana turned around, praying it wasn't true. Praying her ears were lying to her.

"Baby, I'll buy you a new one. I promise!" Jude held her tight, afraid to let her go. "Lets go, ok? We can still have a great weekend."

The rest of the car ride was very quiet. Only the sound of the road, the engine, and the wind broke the silence. They pulled into the small romantic bed and breakfast as the sun was setting. Jude turned the car off, then stepped out to get the room keys. As he came back he smiled at Roxxana, hoping to break her silence with a kiss, he leaned in to her. "Well, we're here," Roxxana denied his kiss, turning her head. "What room?"

Disappointed, Jude turned to the back seat. Reaching his hand around, pulling out a small bag. "215, that ok?" He looked back at Roxxana, hurt by her denial. 

"Yeah, just fine." 

Walking through the halls of the old hotel was invigorating; it was clearly quite old. Roxxana could hear a beautiful melody being played on piano down the hall, she could hear people talking...laughing. "Look, I'm sorry," She turned to Jude.

"Don't be, it's my fault. I should have been watching the road."

"Ha, like you had a choice. My wet pussy...the road, you're my lover!" Roxxana smiled, laughing softly. In front of door 215 Roxxana and Jude kissed softly, ready to get the weekend started. 

"I will replace it, I promise. And much more!" Jude opened the door, turning on the lights just inside the room. 

After dinner, Roxxana and Jude took off to explore the town. Unsure they would find anything fun, they weren't hopeful. Until Jude drove up on a well lit shopping mall. "I promised!" He shouted triumphantly reading the sign aloud, "Pleasure Shoppe!"

"Yes, but what...are we going to buy," Roxxana reached in to kiss Jude. 

"Anything you want baby...I'm buying."

After what seemed like hours scouring the shelves, Roxxana looked at porn videos, dildos, dongs, vibrators, butt plugs, lube, fuzzy hand cuffs, edible panties, scented condoms and anything else one could imagine. Pulling the full shopping cart up to the check out, Roxxana looked bashfully at Jude as he pulled item after item out of the cart. "What do you plan on doing with THIS?" Jude asked pulling a facial dildo out of the plastic bag, sitting down on the king sized bed.

"Oh I think you'll be able to think of something," Roxxana smiled, horny already. 

"Are you hungry?" Jude asked, making sure she was as happy as could be. 

"Hungry, yes. For food...no," Roxxana winked, grinning at Jude.

"Well that's great, but you're going to have to wait," Jude stood, pulling his pants off. Reaching for the bag, he pulled out some clothes.

"Huh, but I want you now!" Roxxana demanded. "Fuck clubbing, we can just have a fun quiet night here. Don'tcha think?"

"Nope, we're going out! Now put on the sluttiest thing you packed. We're going to stand out in this prudish town!" Jude pulled on the tightest leather pants Roxxana had ever seen. His penis was clearly visible through the thin black leather.

All eyes were on them as Roxxana and Jude walked into the club. The beat blaring around them, from right to left there were people grinding to the music. The crowd parted as Jude led Roxxana into the very middle, her high heels clicking under her. Mini skirt flaring out behind her, hinting at what a beautiful ass she had. 

The bass beat took hold of Roxxana's body as she stood amongst the crowd. Jude controlling her movements, Roxxana grinding her pussy on his leather pant leg to the beat. She looked up at Jude and found him looking at some other skank, "Is she what you're into?" Roxxana shouted in his ear over the music. 

"No baby, I was just looking," Jude apologized.

"No, you keep looking. Now you can't have either of us," Roxxana walked through the crowd away from him. Finding the roughest toughest looking man, she reached up to kiss him. The man stank of booze, but under his stubble he was a fairly attractive man. Roxxana reached rubbed down his body, finding his hard cock underneath his blue jeans with her hand, she rubbed it gently. Standing up straight, she pressed her breasts into his body, feeling his cock harden against her she smiled with pride. 

Turning around, she pressed her ass to his hard cock, bending over at the waist. She could feel the pressure on her asshole as he thrusted against her. Roxxana's eyes caught Jude's as he glared from the bar. Jealousy was always Jude's main problem, it didn't really bother Roxxana, he was fun to play with. This strangers hand reached around, grabbing a hold of Roxxana's pussy, his finger probed under her pink thong. 

"Mmm," he growled as he found her wet slit. 

Roxxana's arms reached around, placing her hands on the back of his head, pussy grinding against his dry hand. She dropped her left hand to her side; petting his leg she found his hard cock. Roxxana found his zipper, opening it and sliding her soft hand inside. She watched Jude as she rubbed and yanked on this stranger's hard shaft. His hand groping her breast, she felt him quiver as he neared orgasm. He booze heavy breath became shallow, fast. 

Rubbing together, both hands became synchronized; his thick finger in her tight wet pussy, her soft hand around his rock hard cock. She felt him explode first, smiling with excitement Roxxana allowed herself to cum. Moaning out amongst the crowd, her hand dripping with his cum she pulled it from his pants, turning to him she tasted his warm salty cream. The stranger lifted his hand to his nose, smiling he smelled Roxxana's intoxicating scent, then he licked her cum off his finger.

Without saying a word, Roxxana returned to Jude. "I want you in me," She pleaded in his ear.

"Why don't you ask your drunk friend?" Jude downed a shot.

"Because his penis is MUCH smaller than yours, and he tastes horrible." Roxxana turned, making her way to the door. They left the heart beat of the club for the silence of the red sports car. Sitting in silence, Roxxana stared out the window.

"Why do you have to do things like that?" Jude demanded, angry.

"Because you forget how important I am to you, so I have to remind you," Roxxana grinned in the darkened window at herself.