 Author's Note: I have received several requests to write a massage story. Some of my previous stories have massage encounters in them but this one will focus on the massage parlor. The story will contain anal sex, oral sex, straight sex, group sex, lesbian sex and bisexuality. If the reader is offended by these categories, I suggest that he or she not read this story. 

*

RUBBING PEOPLE THE RIGHT WAY -- PRELUDE

Carla had just massaged Dirk's shoulders, back, legs and buttocks. She had even dipped an oily finger into his anus to tease him. Now she had him turn on his back and as he did his impressive thick 8" cock stood tall. Carla smiled as his cock waved in the air but she ignored it fir the moment. Carla massaged Dirk's shoulders and chest before making her way past his loins and erect cock. She massaged this quads and lower legs and then worked her way back up to his loins. Carla poured more oil on her hands and then took Dirk's cock in one hand and his balls in the other. She stroked up and down until she was sure that he was about to cum.

"I don't want you to cum yet. It's your turn to give me a massage," she directed.

Carla and Dirk changed places and Carla lay on the massage table face up. "Do my front first," she told him.

Dirk poured oil on his hands and then went about massaging and teasing Carla. He started at her neck and quickly moved to her firm tits and hard nipples. He let the nipples slide through his fingers as he massaged Carla's great tits. Then he worked his way down bypassing her pussy on purpose and massaged her quads and calves. Dirk worked his way back up and then he played with her pussy. He massaged around her vulva and then let a finger dip inside her pussy. Dirk then added a second and third finger to Carla's sopping wet pussy causing her to groan loudly.

Carla moved her legs apart as a signal for Dirk to eat her. He lowered his mouth to her pussy and ate her through multiple orgasms and by the time Carla pushed his head away his face was drenched with her love nectar. Dirk smiled at the pretty shapely blonde and then rolled her over on the massage table.

"Time to do the back," he said.

Dirk poured more oil on his hands and worked it in to Carla's body. He worked his way down from her shoulders to her calves. He massaged her back and hamstrings but purposely bypassed her buttocks. Then he worked his way back up to her buttocks and began to massage her curvy ass. Carla loved to have her ass massaged and she cooed as Dirk worked his magic. 

Dirk then lifted her by the hips so that her ass was in the air. He then inserted a very oily finger in her anus and probed deeply. Dirk then added fingers to Carla's pussy and finger fucked both her ass and pussy at the same time. Carla just groaned with pleasure. 

"I love it when you do that. I love it when you finger my pussy and ass together," she sighed.

Dirk then removed his fingers and climbed up on the massage table behind Carla. She knew what was coming next and she relaxed her ass to accept his big cock. Dirk eased his cock into Carla's ass slowly but steadily until he was all the way in. Then he began to fuck her incredible ass watching his cock slide in and out. Dirk was turned on and ready to blow so he knew he wouldn't last long. A couple of more strokes and he shoved his cock all the way in her ass and held it there as he came. Dirk fired a huge load into Carla's ass and she could feel each warm stream shoot into her. Carla used her talented anal muscles to milk Dirk's cock dry as she felt cum flood her rectum. Carla eased herself down on the table and Dirk followed keeping his cock in her asshole. They remained still for several moments and then Dirk lifted himself off of Carla and his dick slipped from her ass.

"Oh Dirk I love it when we make love like that. I love the massage foreplay and I love it when you cum in my ass," Carla gasped.

"Baby you are one hot lover," Dirk replied as he kissed her.

"Come on, let's get to bed and get a good night's sleep. It's back to work tomorrow," Dirk reminded her.

Dirk and Carla then went to their bedroom to clean up and retire for the night.

INTRODUCTION

Dirk and Carla Thompson owned their own massage parlor and it had become a very successful venture for them. They met working at a salon shortly after their masseuse training. They began dating and soon discovered that they could not get enough of each other. Shortly after they got married and soon after that they opened up their own massage parlor.

They made a conscious effort to differentiate themselves from the other salons and parlors so they catered to a very special client base. In addition to the regular clientele who desired regular hour or half hour massages, they offered erotic massages as well. The erotic part of the business was not advertised but grew from word of mouth. They catered to couples, singles, bi-sexuals, gays and lesbians. Dirk and Carla both had had experience with the same sex in college so they were comfortable with catering to those clients. 

Dirk at 27 years of age was a picture of fitness. He was 6'3" tall with broad shoulders that tapered into a narrow waist. He had strong legs with well defined quadriceps and calves. He looked like an athlete and kept himself very fit. His dark brown hair matched his mysterious dark brown eyes. He had been blessed with a large cock that was 8" long and over 5" around. He loved his cock as he felt it was not too big but bigger than most and his clients loved it.

Carla was two years younger than Dirk and she was a beauty. Carla had gorgeous blonde hair that she wore down to her shoulders and she had cute blonde fuzz on her pubes. Her hazel eyes seemed cat like and she looked as if she were ready to leap on you. She stood at 5'7" and she possessed a rock hard 35-23-35 figure. Her tits were firm and stood out proudly from her chest. Her ass was marvelous and as hard as her abs. Her legs although muscular were shapely and attractive. 

The two of them naked together were a sight to behold. Many a client desired to be massaged by both of them because it was such a turn on to see them naked. The normal hours for the massage parlor were from 10:00 AM until 6:00PM. Then there were the after hours for the erotic massages that required an appointment. Dirk and Carla decided to live upstairs in their building. It was very convenient and also a way to reduce expenses. Many an erotic massage went late into the night and they were grateful that they didn't have to travel afterward.

The first floor of the building included two massage rooms with tables and all the needed supplies. Another room included a tanning bed and a larger room had a Jacuzzi, lounge furniture and several cabinets for towels and spa supplies. Dirk and Carla also kept their office on the first floor where they conducted business. The office had a desk, file cabinets, bookcases and a monitor where either Dirk or Carla could observe all the rooms. Another room just contained mats and mirrors and was reserved for the special clients. There was also a reception area where clients could relax as they waited for their appointment. Dirk and Carla had hired a 19 year old girl to work as a receptionist. Jennifer or Jenny as she preferred to be called worked the regular hours that the parlor was open. 

The massage parlor was closed on Sundays and until noon on Mondays. Saturday was the busiest day for both regular massages and erotic massages. Dirk and Carla used Sunday to recuperate from what was usually a very exhausting Saturday night. On Monday they would sleep in and then Dirk would fuck Carla into submission with his morning erection. They usually took it easy on Mondays and they did not entertain any erotic massage clients on Monday evenings.

A BUSY WEEK AHEAD

On Monday morning after an incredible round of hot sex, Dirk and Carla discussed the week ahead over breakfast. They compared calendars and they knew that they would be very busy with their special clients. 

"So who do you have on your schedule for Tuesday?" Carla asked.

"Alec who is calling himself Alice these days," Dirk replied.

"Is he the one that is trying to look like a woman?" laughed Carla.

"The very one, he's taking female hormones and he is actually developing tits now. He does look very effeminate and could easily pass for a woman;" Dirk responded and then asked, "What's your schedule?"

"It must be bisexual night for us. I have Jill on the schedule. I picked up a new dildo for her, one that will let me fuck her pussy and ass at the same time," Carla said with a sinister look.

"I'll have to watch you two sometime," Dirk mused and then added, "On Wednesday we have the Robinsons together."

"I enjoy them. Have you ever seen anyone who likes to eat pussy and suck dick as much as Karen Robinson does?" Carla offered.

"Only her husband," Dirk replied and they both laughed.

"It looks like this Thursday we have an open night but on Friday we both have Beth Jones. On Saturday, we have a new couple who were referred to us. Their names are Mike and Jan Collins," Dirk noted.

"Do we know what to expect of them?"

"No other than they are fairly new to the world of swinging and I understand that Jan is still a little shy."

"Uumm, I wonder what they look like?"

"We'll know on Saturday."

"You know I think that girl Rita who comes here three times a week is ready for some action," Carla stated referring to the pretty 25 year old who is married to a sugar daddy.

Rita spends her entire week staying fit and beautiful for her husband thirty years her senior. Rita is an attractive brunette with a fabulous body. She is a stacked 36-24-36. Rita works out everyday at an exclusive fitness center for women only. She then has a light lunch and then either goes to the salon or the massage parlor. She comes to the massage parlor on Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Tuesdays and Thursdays are spent being pampered at the salon with wraps, steam room, sauna, hair styling, manicures and pedicures.

Under strict orders from her wealthy husband, Rita had minimal contact with men. Only women are allowed to touch her body at the salon and massage parlor. Recently Rita had become comfortable with Carla and she even seemed to be slightly interested in Carla. At first Rita was very modest and would never be naked during a massage. Lately however, she had become very comfortable with her nakedness in the presence of Carla.

Carla loved to massage Rita's superb body and on occasion she had let her hands brush the side of Rita's breasts or glance over the curve of Rita's shapely ass. The last time she was in Carla massaged Rita's buttocks. Rita found herself extremely turned on by the massage and secretly she hoped something else would happen. Many times when Rita was on her back Carla just wanted to jump her bones. Carla desired to fondle and kiss Rita's tits or dive between her legs and taste Rita's young pussy. Carla restrained herself however as she subtly continued to work on Rita's seduction.

RITA'S SEDUCTIVE MASSAGE

After Dirk and Carla finished their breakfast and coffee, they cleaned up the kitchen and then got dressed in their white massage outfits. Both outfits were very tight and showed off both their bodies. Dirk's muscular torso was well defined in his tee shirt and spandex shorts. The outline of Dirk's cock was very noticeable in the tight shorts and when he was erect it was extremely obvious. Carla wore a white tube top with no bra and white shorts without panties. Her nipples poked through the tube top and her vulva and buttocks were very noticeable in her shorts. Carla had great abs and she loved showing them off.

Jenny had arrived and Carla let her in. Jenny went right to work and got her desk set up. Then she began to return phone calls to clients who had left messages. Jenny would occasionally glance at her employers in their tight white uniforms and she thought that they were the two most beautiful and hottest people she knew. Jenny often fantasized about being in bed with both Dirk and Carla. What Jenny didn't know was that all she had to do was to ask and her dream would come true.

Rita arrived at 2:00PM that Monday for her appointment with Carla. Jenny checked Rita in and notified Carla. Within minutes Carla came out and greeted Rita and told Rita to come back with her. Jenny watched the two beauties as they walked down the hall and she wondered what it would be like to massage a body as gorgeous as Rita's. Carla had told Jenny to give her 3:00PM appointment to her husband since she expected to run over slightly with Rita that day. 

Carla led Rita to the massage room and Rita felt her loins tingle as she walked behind the blonde beauty and watched the roll of her curvy firm ass. Carla led Rita into a room where she handed her a towel and told her to undress and make her self comfortable on the table. Then Carla selected the body oils. Rita took off her clothes and looked at her naked body in the mirror. She was pleased with what she saw as she worked hard to keep her figure. She then lay naked face down on the massage table and awaited her massage from Carla. Rita was particularly horny that day as she had had a disappointing weekend of sex with her husband. She was very conscious of Carla's beautiful body and she found herself wondering what Carla looked like completely naked. 

Carla poured a hand full of massage oil and began with Rita's neck and shoulders. Rita was instantly relaxed by Carla's touch and she closed her eyes and let out a relaxing sigh. Carla was very good at her job. After giving a considerable amount of attention to Rita's shoulders she continued slowly downward to Rita's sides and lower back. Then Carla slid her hands over Rita's buttocks and firmly massaged Rita's ass. Rita was surprised because usually Carla bypassed her ass and massaged her legs first but Rita didn't mind in fact it felt good. Then Carla slid her warm oily hands down between Rita's thighs and Rita felt the edges of Carla's fingers briefly brush against her pussy. Rita tensed up a little and gave a short, almost silent gasp. 

"Oh sorry," Carla said and then continued down to the backs of Rita's knees. 

"Its okay you just caught me by surprise," Rita answered in a raspy voice secretly hoping that Carla would touch her again.

Carla gave a subtle laugh as she gently bent Rita's leg to massage her ankles and feet. Rita wondered if Carla realized what she had done and wondered if she meant to do it. Carla was the only woman who had ever touched Rita. Carla applied more oil to Rita's feet as she carefully massaged the soles and between each of Rita's toes. Then Carla worked her way back up the inside of Rita's legs until she reached the same spot as before. Again Rita felt the edge of Carla's fingers brush against her pussy. Rita instinctively parted her thighs slightly giving Carla's hands more room to work. But to Rita's disappointment, Carla didn't seem to notice and she moved upward eventually back to Rita's shoulders.

"Okay, you can turn over now," Carla said as she walked over to supply table with the lotions and oils.

Rita was now lying face up bare breasted and her nipples were a bit stiff from the cool air. Rita raised her head and looked down to see her bare pubic mound and pussy lips peeking out between her thighs. She felt a little on display, but she was a little turned on as well. 

"Are you okay? Or do you want a towel today?" Carla asked.

"I'm okay," Rita sighed and then laid her head back on the table.

Carla returned to the massage table and stood behind Rita's head. She started rubbing Rita's temples then moved her hands down over Rita's neck and chest. Carla applied more oil to Rita's breasts and massaged them softly at first then she increased the pressure little by little. Carla seemed to be focused on Rita's nipples, which aroused Rita even more than the brief encounter between her legs. Rita began breathing heavier as her nipples grew harder. 

"You have really nice tits Rita," Carla said as she rolled the nipples in her fingers.

Rita just groaned softly and pushed her chest up harder into Carla's hands. As Carla leaned over Rita, Carla's own firm breasts were just above Rita's face. Rita instinctively reached up and squeezed them gently. Rita could feel Carla's hard nipples poking out through the tube top. That was the sign that Carla had been waiting for, Carla smiled and then she pinched Rita's nipples. Carla then lowered her mouth and met Rita's breast. Carla's warm tongue circled around the swollen areola and Rita felt Carla's hand slide down over her stomach and between her legs. Carla's oily fingers found Rita's clit and gently stroked it before she slipped a finger inside Rita's pussy. Rita was already sopping wet and welcomed Carla's penetrating touch. 

Rita gasped in surprise and the moaned loudly as Carla's finger slid between Rita's ass and wormed its way deep inside her nether hole. Carla then pushed her thumb back into Rita's pussy and held her in a bowling grip. Rita's vaginal and anal muscles tightened around Carla's finger and thumb as she slowly pushed them in and out. Carla's mouth moved from one of Rita's nipples to the other, back and forth, nibbling, sucking and licking. Rita was in a euphoric state as she engaged in her very first lesbian encounter.

Carla removed her thumb and finger from Rita's pussy and asshole. They she pushed two fingers into Rita's overheated twat. Carla then slipped her fingers out of Rita and slowly rubbed her hand back up over Rita's stomach and between Rita's tits. Rita watched as Carla stuck the two fingers into her mouth and sucked the juices from them. Carla closed her eyes as she savored the taste of her latest conquest. 

Carla walked around to the foot of the table where she pulled Rita's body down until her buttocks were at the edge. Carla then leaned down between Rita's parted legs and licked and kissed slowly up Rita's inner thighs. Carla's hot mouth eventually met Rita's clit and Rita moaned as Carla sucked it and tongued it. Carla spread Rita's legs further apart and tweaked her nipples while Carla's tongue explored Rita's slit. She inserted her fingers in Rita's pussy again. Rita pulled her knees up to her chest allowing Carla to push deeper inside her. Rita's legs began to tremble as Carla licked harder and faster. Carla's fingers probed Rita's g-spot and Rita could feel the orgasm rising in her. Rita's whole body tensed up and she ground her pussy against Carla's fingers and mouth. Carla sucked Rita's clit tight into her lips and vigorously flicked her tongue over it. Carla's fingers pumped in and out of Rita's wet cunt and finally Rita climaxed. Rita's body convulsed, her voice shook in half screams and went silent at times when she couldn't seem to make noise. Rita gripped the massage table and held it for the duration of her seemingly endless crescendo.

Carla's tongue traveled upward and met with Rita's tits again. She nibbled each of Rita's little pink buttons sending waves electricity through her still quivering body. Carla wet her finger in Rita's pussy and held it to Rita's lips so she could taste herself.

"You seem to like that," Carla said and then asked. "Would you like to taste me?"

Rita swallowed the lump in her throat and nodded yes as she was about to eat the first pussy in her young life. Carla stripped off her tube top and tight shorts and Rita noticed that Carla's blonde pussy hair was moist. Carla lay down on the massage table and Rita got on all fours and buried her face in Carla's pussy sucking up her sweet nectar. She grabbed Rita's head and grinded against her nose. Her pussy smelled and tasted so good. 

"Finger me, fuck me with your fingers," Carla cried out. 

Rita slid her middle finger inside Carla's gap while she tongued her throbbing clit. Carla got wetter and wetter and Rita drank it all in. Rita's free hand explored upward to find Carla's firm full breasts. Her areolas felt huge and her nipples were very stiff. Rita felt Carla's hand on the back of her head pushing her face hard into Carla's cunt. 
