 "All right George, where the hell are you taking me?" I demanded.

It seems that my buddy, George, had driven into the really sleazy part of town.

"Trust me pal. I guarantee you're gonna like this place," George replied with an evil grin.

We pressed further into the slum. It was a lousy night, rainy, windy and cold. I couldn't believe I had gotten up from a cozy fire, a beer and a football game to go with George. He was forever getting me into trouble and then saving my dumb ass at the last minute. We had been in the army together and had been in some pretty grim situations. You tend to trust someone when you have almost had your asses shot off with them.

"See Harry, there is the sign right over there," he excitedly babbled as we skidded to a stop.

A faded neon sign clung to the top of the door. I think it said Expert Masseuse Available.

"Masseuse? You hauled me all the way into no man's land to get a steam job and a blow bath?" I mumbled.

"Come on Harry. Don't be a pencil neck. I guarantee you're gonna like this place."

"Damn," I muttered.

George knocked on the door and whispered something into the microphone. The door swung open and I gingerly stepped inside.

What a shock! It looked just like Jenny Rose's place in Tachikawa only it was a lot cleaner and there wasn't a little doggy running around pestering us. We sat at a low table on the floor which was covered in a thick, luxurious carpet. A small, pretty oriental woman appeared and served us tea. We sipped our tea until a larger woman entered the room. She handed us a couple of menus. I gave George a questioning look.

"No, it's not a restaurant. Read the menu," George said.

I opened my menu. It was immediately clear that this wasn't a restaurant. It was a list of all the services provided by the 'massage' parlor and all their prices. The further down the list I read the bigger my eyes got and so did other parts of my anatomy. I smiled at George.

"This looks like it could be some fun," I told him.

"They've had no complaints from me," replied George, "and their girls are really pretty. Did you read page two?" I flipped the page. There were names and pictures of various girls. They ranged from big, busty blondes to petite Orientals. The oriental girl had reappeared. I noticed that she was on the menu.

"May I take your order?" she asked.

"I'll take the number seven with you," I replied. 

She smiled shyly and took George's order. I don't remember what he ordered. I remember I didn't care. 

The girl offered her hand. I stood up and she took my hand. I followed her down a hall and into her massage room. There was a big, wide bed, shelves with various bottles of oil and a small refrigerator. A big, fluffy chair completed the ensemble.

"Take off all your clothes and lay down on your tummy," she said.

I got undressed.

Underwear too!" she ordered.

My shorts hit the floor. I crawled onto the bed and lay down. When I looked at her she was totally nude. Things were looking up. She started with my feet, gently massaging the soles. Grasping my toes, she expertly popped them one at a time. Then her hands slid up my legs. I felt massage oil on them as her fingers dug into the tense flesh. Her journey continued up my legs until she got to my butt. I felt some oil being poured on my asshole. Little fingers tickled my balls. Something was being shoved into my well lubricated ass.

"What's that?" I asked.

"It's a string of beads for later," came the answer.

Skillful little hands rubbed my back muscles. I was starting to really relax. What an excellent masseuse! I had forgotten all about the beads as her hands performed their magic on my tired body. The neck! Oh it was heaven when she got to my neck. 

"Roll over."

I rolled. My dick was standing straight up. She kissed it. Damn!

"You have a nice cock, not too big, not too small," she observed.

She poured some oil on my chest and started rubbing me down. Her fingers really were magical as they worked all the pain and tension from my body. The things she did to my arms were beyond belief. She leaned in and kissed me. Her tongue snaked into my mouth and she massaged my tongue with hers. I am no stranger to French kissing, but this was something else. When we broke the kiss, she kissed her way down my relaxed body to my cock. Her fingers wrapped a round it as she sucked one nut and then the other into her mouth. She played with them with her tongue. Damn!

"Oh God, this is so good!" I moaned.

"Yes, I know," she agreed.

My dick popped into her mouth and down her throat. She bobbed her head up and down while massaging my cock with her tongue. I knew I wouldn't last long. I could already feel that feeling deep within myself. Suddenly I warped my ass off the bed as I started shooting my load into her mouth. At that moment, she jerked the beads out of my ass. What a sensation! It prolonged my orgasm. I couldn't stop cumming and she swallowed it all. She sucked on me until I was completely drained.

"If you want to give me a bonus, I'll give you some pussy too," she smiled.

"You'll never get it to stand up." I panted.

"I bet I can," she giggled.

"If you get it to stand again, I'll double your bonus," I confidently replied.

She popped my cock back into her mouth and starting sucking on just the head. Then she rammed a finger up my ass and massaged my prostate. My dick immediately sprung to life. She laughed and jumped on it, engulfing it in one stroke. Her pussy was unbelievably tight and talented too! It was massaging my cock. My hardon stayed hard. I drove it into her as far as I could go. She must have fucked me for twenty minutes. I rolled on top of her and she giggled as I got down to short stokes. Another massive orgasm claimed my mind as she carried me to a land far, far away.

I heard her voice calling me. "Are you all right?"

"That ought to be illegal!" I moaned as I came to.

"It is!" she laughed. "Let's get you dressed. I think your friend is finished too."

We walked hand in hand back to the reception area. George came into the room with a silly gin on his face.

"You look like you were run over by a tractor," I told him.

"I was," he smiled.

"Did you guys have a good time?" the little oriental asked.

"I never had better time in my life!" I exclaimed.

"Be careful," she admonished as we headed out the door.

"Let's go to the sports bar and get a drink," I said.

"I'm buying," said George.

Good friends are hard to find.