 In my stories all women are beautiful and almost all men are handsome and well endowed. Nobody goes to the bathroom unless I want them to. There are no STD's. It's my world and I remember safer times; times when young men could have almost as many orgasms as their girls and condoms were for birth control. 

*

Ruby stands on her porch in the silky and clingingly thin summer dress she bought in town yesterday and fiddles with the buttons that run up the front from hem to neckline. She is conscious of every curve of her mature body as the slight breeze blows it against her. She wants to undo the three top buttons to maybe show what little cleavage she has as she waits for the man she has been talking to on the net and the phone. She thinks maybe even one or two of the bottom ones as well. No!...It is already so short she is constantly pulling it down knowing she hasn't any panties on and to be without a bra shocks her even more. "I shouldn't have bought this, it's too small, and what am I doing naked under my dress anyway. This isn't me; I wear coveralls and boots not silk and slippers," she thinks even as she jumps at the sound of the phone ringing.

It's her friend from up the road; the one she is to call if her date isn't right, just to be safe.

"Hello George. He's not here yet." 

"I know; I just drowned him and his motorcycle two miles down the road. I don't know about this cyber dating thing but I guess you know best, Ruby."

"I'll phone you when he gets here."

"It'll be a while I think. He's riding an older looking motorcycle that died on the road when I splashed him. When I stopped to help he just waved me on. He will be a little muddy looking when he gets there."

"OK, I'll let you know if he's an ogre."

"He certainly will be dark from all the muck I put on him as I drove by. One good thing about him is that he did smile at me as he waved me on. You can't miss a smile in a face full of mud."

"How long do you think before he gets here, George?"

"Should I go back and check on your beau?"

"No George. Just slow down next time, you always drive too fast, you old goat. I think you really should slow down sometimes."

The minutes turn into hours, and just as the sun gets low in the sky the jerky sound of a hard pressed engine is heard as her date toils up the drive to her house.

The bike just makes it to in front of the porch before it dies. The man lifts his goggles off his face and waggles his eyebrows, "Do I look like a raccoon or what! Except for tonight getting there is usually more fun than arriving on my poor old Norton and I do want to be here. I hope I didn't spoil our meeting Ruby. I am oh so late and it's all my fault. I slowed to let a truck pass at just the wrong place!"

"That was my friend George and he always drives too fast."

"Not a problem, I can dry the bike out tomorrow," Serge says as he kicks out the bike stand to lean the machine over and climb off his ride. The only clean spot on the thing is where he was sitting. "Do you have a hose handy for me? I can't greet you properly with a coating of mud on me." 

"It's on the corner there," Ruby tells the smiling man, "You aren't going to hose yourself down are you."

"You betcha. As soon as I clean the Norton at least a little bit," he tells her as he finds the hose and turns it on. The bike gets a quick spray on both sides with Serge yelling, "Can't have the mud drying on as it cools," and then turns the hose on himself. 

"I think I better start a fire, you'll be freezing."

"I'll be OK in a minute; I have dry clothes in the saddle bag." 

Ruby doesn't hear Serge as she rushes into her house to start a fire to warm the man that has kindled something in her so quickly. He should have been mad at George for drenching him; instead he blames himself and is smiling on top of it all. She knows that he planned to sleep in the spare room but that wonderful smile might keep that bed made and hers a little more rumpled than its been for a long time.

All kinds of thoughts are racing through her head as she starts the fire; the dinner is ready to be cooked, the red wine is still slightly chilled and he's here, "There's a man in my yard that I barely know that I'm thinking of actually....what....well, we'll see."

Ruby is on her knees tending to the fire and doesn't realize that her short skirt is up, baring her naked ass and even more to the room behind her when she hears a knock on the screen door.

"Come in and get warm, you must be chilled to the bone."

The door doesn't open, "Um, I'll just be hanging my chaps and jacket on the railing out here, they will dry nice and slow in this warm night air."

Kneeling up at the sound of his voice Ruby feels the soft silk of her dress slide back down to barely cover her again and she goes so many shades of red when she realizes what she has just shown to a virtual stranger. She stands to go outside and somehow apologize but stops as she sees him through the window; he is busy tending to his riding gear and taking too long about it as he looks out at the yard and the trees.

"Not only is this man kind, he is a gentleman!" Ruby gives a small giggle, "That black leather he is fussing over should be silver armor and the Norton should be eating hay. Well, there's nothing for it, he's seen me now."

When Ruby goes out onto her porch she sees Serge rummaging in his saddle bags mumbling to himself, "MMM, next time the clothes go in a plastic bag and on the passenger side." He looks up at Ruby, "Have you started the fire yet? It seems all my clothes are wet now."

Ruby marvels at this man, he doesn't have a smirk at what she knows he saw. He knows she is embarrassed and is leaving it alone, "I have a robe you can wear while we dry your things by the fire."

"Is it frilly and lacy?" Serge asks with wide eyes and raised eyebrows.

"Yes it is and its pink."

"I thought you country girls wore thick wooly robes that go down to your toes."

"Not in the summer."

"I'm OK with that. I've always wanted to parade around in pink lace."

"Let's get you in by the fire; you look like you are freezing."

"You have a fire going?"

Ruby punches Serge in the arm, "I know what you saw and I really have to thank you for being a gentleman."

Serge reaches out to gently touch Ruby's cheek, "What I saw was a caring lady looking after a guest, that's all."

Her hands reach up to touch Serge's chest in return and she sighs at the hardness she feels under his sopping wet T shirt, "Let's get you inside by the fire, and out of these clothes, you must be cold."

"Yes, please. I owe you a sight now and what better than a man in pink lace."

"Did I tell you how short it is?"

"Should I keep my shorts?"

"No!" Ruby says quickly and then in a very shy voice, "You know I don't have anything on under my dress."

Serge looks at her and quietly says, "Yes I do know that and what I saw was very pretty. Has anybody told you your ass is heart shaped and very pretty above a sight I'll never forget?"

Ruby smiles up at the man in front of her, "You just did."

When they go inside Serge stands close enough to the fire that steam begins to rise while Ruby goes to find the robe that she never wears because its too frilly and short for her. She hides her favorite grey wooly one, the one that goes right to the floor, with a happy smirk on her face.

She leaves the pink lacy thing on her bed and comes back out to the living room to laugh at the steam rising from the man she is very happy to see in her house, "Go in and get out of those wet clothes now. I've put out the robe and I'll hang up my winter clothes drying string in here to dry your clothes. 

"We're going to have a very late dinner and it's all your fault. I'll start the barbeque now and the steaks have got to be marinated to an inch of perfection. You'll look so cute as you cook them in my robe."

"Maybe you should cook them; I won't be looking very manly in pink."

Ruby steps very close to Serge to feel the chill of his wet clothes and senses the heat underneath, "I'm beginning to think you will look like a man no matter what you are wearing." 

Serge leaves her with a touch and a smile to go and change out of his wet clothes. When Ruby hears the shower running she goes into the room to pick up his clothes and finds that he has emptied his pockets onto the dresser and laid his pants and shirt out neatly on the bed. She looks at the robe she wanted him to wear and feels guilty but it's too late now. She picks up the clothes to hang them by the fire with the rest.

The coals in the barbeque are just starting to glow when Serge walks into the kitchen in her pink robe, "You said you have some wine?"

Ruby looks at him and just has to laugh; she hadn't thought on how large this man is, he can't even get the robe done up around his waist and it doesn't cover anything. It sort of covers his shoulders but leaves his chest and everything else bare. Her eyes linger on what she hasn't seen for a very long time then move up over his tight body to look at his eyes and then back down again; she can't help herself. "You have rings," is all she can say.

"I told you I was pierced."

"Yes you did tell me about your nipples, but you didn't tell me about down there."

"Well all things in good time," Serge says as he holds himself up to show Ruby the rings on the underside of a very thick and hard penis. "You did arrange to see me naked in your robe didn't you," he asks with a sly smile that melts her.

Ruby swallows, "I hope you don't burn that when you do the steaks." She wonders how those rings will feel inside her before shaking her head not quite ashamed at the thought.

"Would you like to hold it out of the way?"

"Yes. Only if you promise to keep this safe while I cut the potatoes and make the salad," Ruby surprises herself as she opens her buttons from the bottom up to show this new man in her life her 'wu wu' as she calls her pussy. This time it's on purpose.

"I can stand behind you and do that," she hears as Serge puts his hand between her legs to feel just how wet she is and lifts the open dress to press himself against her ass. "I know this is going a little fast but I am comfortable about where we are if you are," Serge whispers in an ear and gets a big ass wiggle in response.

It's a new experience for Ruby to have gentle hands touching her everywhere they want as she prepares the dinner; hardworking, calloused hands undo the last of the buttons on her dress and she feels them sliding up her back and down to her ass and around to protect her most secret place when she uses the knife. She is amazed how he only uses his soft fingertips on just the right places. 

Serge holds her hair back when Ruby leans over to put the potato quarters in the oven, "Nobody's ever done that for me before," she murmurs as she turns in the arms that hold her just right.

He laughs as he holds her, "Well, I'm trusting you to not let me fall into the barbeque so I'm being extra nice."

"We have a bunch of time while the potatoes are baking, what would you like to do?" Ruby asks as she touches her new man where she has been staring at since he walked into the kitchen for the first time and holds him tight.

"MMM, there is a fire burning."

"I think I have two fires burning, maybe three," Ruby murmurs into the broad chest in front of her as she moves her hand up and down the hard shaft she is holding. "I think I better put a timer on."

"I'll go put another log on the fire then."

"Can a city man do that?" Ruby asks still not wanting to let go of the log she has in her hand and giggles at that thought. She feels happy doing that; she hasn't giggled since she was a teenager, at least not like tonight.

Serge sweeps out of the room in a pretend huff to tend the fire and Ruby gets her first long look of the man's back side in pink lace; his broad shoulders taper down to a slim waist over a very tight ass looking very masculine under the lacy robe he lets her make him wear.

When Ruby remembers to put the timer on and get the wine and some glasses she walks into the living room to see Serge kneeling at the fireplace in the same position she was in only an hour ago. She can see his heavy balls hanging between his thighs and she knows his cock is still very hard. When Serge hears her walk into the room he turns his head to her and shakes his ass. She moves across the room knowing Serge's eyes are on her and she finds herself swaying her ass like a tart. Ruby turns and spreads her open dress wide as she sits on the sofa. She makes sure Serge sees her pussy between her spread legs before she crosses them and lifts a foot to wriggle her toes at the man she knows is hers tonight, "Kiss my foot Sir Knight." Ruby can't believe she just said that and looks up to see if she hasn't gone too far.

He stands up then and walks toward her with the biggest erection Ruby has ever seen in person. "Yes, I can do that and do that very well," Serge says as he sinks to his knees to take the dainty slipper covered foot in his hands. He kisses the slipper then slowly takes it off her foot, kissing her heel then licking the soul of her foot as he pulls it slowly off her until he drops it to the floor and licks and sucks at each toe in turn as he holds her leg in his strong hands. When he reaches the little toe he licks back up the bottom of her foot then lifts her leg higher to nibble at the back of her heel. She thinks he'll stop there but his tongue glides up her calf until he does something she thought no man would ever do without her asking. He kisses the back of her knee to hear a long slow moan of sheer delight from her.

"Do I smell perfume here?" Serge asks as he continues to lick up and down the back of Ruby's leg. "I smell the musky scent of a very happy woman farther up but here in your knee I smell...what...spice?"

"Yes, I like to put perfume there," she pants.

"Has any man found out about this before?" Serge asks as he licks at the back of her knee again and smiles up at Ruby. Her sweet center beckons to him but this happy interlude will be fun for both of them. By now they both know where his tongue and more will end up in time.

Ruby's voice is very soft, "I didn't think a man would like doing what you just did."

Serge licks her leg one more time and lowers it, "The best part is you have two legs." 

Her other slipper is kissed then and the whole sensual process starts again until Ruby lies with both her legs up and she knows where his tongue is going next. His hands are sliding everywhere on her body as he finds her willing to let him cherish her completely. Serge's tongue begins worshipping her thighs and farther up until there really is a reason for her legs to be up and spread for him.

When his tongue reaches her center and licks up her wet pussy to find her hard and very sensitive nub all the breath she has been holding leaves her body in a long sigh of complete contentment. "OOOh...Where did you come from you sweet man you," is all she can say as she feels him treating her like no man ever has. Her hands are on his head holding him tight as he treasures places that she needs so badly to be tended to until she has her first orgasm of the night.

Neither of them hear the buzz of the timer as he kneels between her legs with his head trapped by her thighs as Ruby comes down from where he sent her and revels in the daring touches her man gives her; touches that thrill her. She even finds herself letting his fingers probe her in a place she swore wouldn't be touched and loving it.

The incessant buzzing finally gets their attention but they don't want to move and spoil the moment. Serge's hands caress her thighs as he takes one last lick of Ruby's sex and looks up at her with his beard covered with her sweet nectar, "Ah, what a wonderful appetizer you offer out here in the forest; its worthy of the best restaurant. So sweet tasting with a hint of spice from below. I know what we both need to do now," he says as he continues to caress the legs that hold him tight, "but I'm starving and it sounds like its time for you to protect me while I cook the steaks."

"Would you turn off the buzzer for me, you sweet man? I don't think I can stand just yet."

"Of course my lady," Serge says as he stands between Ruby's legs. 

She looks at his hardness that is now level with her face with hooded eyes and licks her lips, "I missed my appetizer didn't I." 

"There's always desert. I'll go put the steaks on while you rest."

Ruby's eyes go wide and she jumps up to hold what she needs with both hands, "No! I have to protect this! You men are always so clumsy around a fire."

The buzzer sounds like it is wearing out as Serge stares into eyes that threaten to drown him as she slowly strokes him. Without breaking eye contact he pushes Ruby's dress off her shoulders so the filmy thing slides down her arms to bunch up around her wrists as she holds tight to her man. All she has to do is let go and she is naked. One at a time she drops her hands to her side to feel the silky dress slide from her body then reaches up to push the silly robe off her lover's shoulders before taking full possession of him again.

Serge smiles at the pretty woman holding him and looks down at the small hands urgently holding him, "Are you always this possessive?"

She looks up through lowered lashes at Serge and bravely tells this man she holds tight, "I am now. Let's go cook the steaks; the potatoes will be a little crispy, I think and that damn buzzer is driving me crazy."

"I'm beginning to think that's not the only thing driving us crazy."

Ruby keeps her man's hardness in her hand as she backs out of the room; leading him to the kitchen. She can feel the moisture he has generated sliding wetly between her thighs as she walks backwards holding what she needs now. When they reach the kitchen Serge is let go, "Open the other bottle of wine for us would you please. It's over there on the counter," she says pointing to a bottle of red. 

Serge is walking to the wine when Ruby opens the oven to lean in to take out the potatoes. When she feels his hands holding her long hair back for her again she has trouble figuring out just how fast and quietly this large man can move. By the time the tray of potatoes is on the stove top the sound of the foil being torn from the wine is heard, surprising her again. Ruby turns to look at the naked Adonis in her kitchen, a man she has just let be very intimate with her, and wonders about just who he is, "How did you just do that? Why did you do that? The floor squeaks and nobody can avoid that."

Ruby watches the strong back and tight ass of her visitor as he pulls the cork from the bottle of wine and waits for an answer. After a loud pop is heard Serge turns to her holding the bottle in one hand and a wine glass in the other to look at the beautiful woman across the room as he leans back on the counter, "Why? Because I have had long hair like yours is and I know what its like to lean into an oven with it down around your face. The how is really tied into the why because I just do that. I've always been quiet and fast on my feet and I have always been a gentleman." He gives a little chuckle, "When I am in a house with jumpy people I have to consciously make noise as I move or I keep scaring the shit out of them." Serge smiles at Ruby and pours the wine into the glass he is holding, "Some wine?" he holds the glass out to her and waits for her to come and get it.

Seeing Serge's eyes roving her body Ruby leans back on the counter to show him everything. Her hands toy with the delta of soft fur between her legs then move up her body to lift her breasts for a moment before moving down her sides to her hips. Moving off the counter to stand straight with her shoulders back and holding her hands behind her to show herself as best she can Ruby begins to walk across the room with a sway she can only hope is as sultry as she feels. She wants to stare into his deep blue eyes but she is drawn to his body and the hardness pointing out at a very erect angle from between his legs. They both laugh a little when she steps on the squeak that nobody can avoid as she moves to stand close to the man that excites her so. Her hand is between them pulling him higher so she can press her tummy onto his; feeling his thick warmth as she does. 
