 Ruby was easily the most beautiful girl in his class. Shiny, black waves and black eyes to match; voluptuous curves and a flat stomach in contrast to the deep curve of her ass. 

Everyday, Jack couldn't help but stare down at Ruby, in the first row, third seat from the right. It was difficult, as she was short already (5'2"), and he stood at 6 feet 6 inches. He often had to pretend there was something in his eye or that he dropped something in order to get a quick look at her perfect tits, round and perky but very real. 

Everyday, he thought, "God, perfect. Absolutely perfect." She knew just how to show herself off - unbearably sexy but at the opposite end of the spectrum as slutty. 

Monday she wore a sassy pink sweater and a ribbed brown cordouroy miniskirt with matching sandals. Jack blinked several times in her direction as she walked through the door, one sexy leg in front of the other. She couldn't help but notice the slight drop of his jaw as she straightened her skirt under her ass and sat down, the hem riding up well above her mid-thigh. 

He handed back their tests from the previoius week and Ruby stared at hers in disbelief. "WHAT??" 

"Miss Johnson?"

"Why the, I mean why did I get an F??"

"Well, if you'd like to stay after school today we can discuss it."

"I will."

At 3:30 the bell rang and Ruby made her way back to Mr. Allen's classroom. He straightened his collar and tried to adjust the ever-growing bulge in his pants. Last period was his conference period and all he could think about was Ruby's sweet little pussy and her tiny pink nipples. Or, at least he imagined it that way. 

He heard a knock on his door. 

"SHIT," he thought. The door was locked and he would have to let her inside with this raging hard-on straining inside his pants. He pulled his cock down, which didn't particularly conceal it, but it helped - marginally. 

He turned the doorknob apprehensively and opened the door, being careful to tilt his body so as to draw attention away from the tent in his pants. Ruby stepped inside and as she did, her arm brushed against his body. She raised her eyebrows at him, and looked slowly downwards. 

Jack flushed redder than he ever had and couldn't say a word. She gave him a sly half-smile and said, "This isn't really about the test, is it?"

He stuttered out a, "Uhm, uh, y-yes of c-c-course it is."

Ruby dropped her bad and leaned her back against the door and told him, "I don't care about the test, Mr. Allen." She grabbed his arm and pulled his hard body violently towards hers. She stood on her toes, licked her lips, and planted a wet kiss onto her teacher's lips. Jack's eyes widened in surprise but he wanted her too much to resist. Ruby's arms fell around his waist and she stood even higher on her toes. 

"Here, baby," Jack said. With that, he put both his hands underneath her perfect round ass and hoisted her into the air. He slid her up the door and she wrapped her legs around his body. In this position, her pussy was opened and pressed against his lower abs. He groaned when he saw that she wore no underwear. 

As they continued to kiss each other passionately, she began to push her pelvis out and rub it a little on his shirt. The friction on her clit made her moan in his mouth. 

"Let me down," she whispered in his ear when he was sucking on her neck. He did so and she pushed him to the ground. He was too aroused for it to hurt, and what little pain he did feel dissipated as soon as she whipped his shirt over his head and licked the wet spot on his stomach clean of her juices. She put her body on top of his and kissed him so he could taste her. 

"God, that's good," he thought to himself. 

She leaned forward and for a second worried whether she was hurting him with her weight. She quickly came to her senses, however, and realized that her 130 pounds was nothing on top of his cut, but not overly muscular, 260. 

She whispered breathily into her new lover's ear, "I've wanted you all year, Mr. Allen." His cock twitched when she addressed him formally. "When I finger myself at night, I think about your big cock pressing into my tiny pussy, and my tongue licking it clean of all our juices when you've finished with me."

The 'when you've finished with me' sounded deliciously erotic to Jack, who liked nothing more than to control a woman in bed. HIs hips gave an involuntary buck against her thick thighs. 

She began kissing his earlobe and moved slowly down the side of his neck to his collarbone. She bit and sucked until there was a sizeable red mark beside his shoulder. She continued her descent downwards and paused to lick a circle around his belly button. She kissed it and then left a wet trail down the soft line of dark hair that led to his cock. She kissed and rubbed it through his pants until he couldn't take any more of her blatant teasing. 

"Take. Them. OFF," he commanded her in a deep voice, a little hoarse from excitement. She gave his bulging cock one more rub and then proceeded to unbuckle his belt and unzip his pants. 

"Lift up."

He did and she pulled his pants and blue silk boxers to his ankles. She removed his shoes and slid his pants off. She smiled as her teacher's cock stoof proudly in front of her. A drop of precum started to drip down the side of his shaft, but she cleaned it up with one slow lick. She took his cock in one hand and knelt with one knee on either side of his hips. She rubbed her pussy back and forth over the head of his cock, paying special attention to her clit. 

She then scooted downwards and encircled his head with her tongue. She licked it clean and moaned as she savored her own taste. She bent and flicked the tip of him back and forth slowly, and then with increasing speed and pressure. One hand was at his balls, cupping and rubbing them in rhythm with her other hand, which was busy rubbing her pussy. 

She ran one finger up and down her lips and then parted them. She slowly slid one finger inside of her soaking wet, tight pussy. She moaned onto his cock which caused him to shove his hips forward in an attept to slide himself into her mouth. 

"Oh, do you want it that bad, Mr. Allen?" Twitch. "Well, I should probably make you wait for it, but I like the taste of your big, hard cock too much to refuse."

She slide her wet mouth down his shaft until her nose touched his skin. She moved her tongue around inside her mouth and rolled it all over the base of his clock. She slide upwards and took his head between her lips. She licked slow, wet circles around his head and continued finger-fucking herself. 

She licked on clean, straight line from his balls to the tip of his head and she saw him arch his back. HIs cock grew even thicker as she took it all into her mouth. That was it for him and he exploded down her throat. 

When he was finished she let him out of her mouth with a wet "pop" and said, "My turn." She crawled forward until her pussy was level with Jack's face. He loved licking a woman and was more than ecstatic to be able to bury his face in the tight, pink slit of his favorite student. 

He began by licking around her outer lips only. He tickled the hollows where her thighs met her pussy and the little stretch of skin before her ass. He slowly parted her pussy lips with his tongue and licked a line from her hole to right below her clit. He was going to tease her until she went crazy. 

He tickled her opening with tiny circles of his tongue and every so often dipped his tongue inside her. Her taste made him grow hard all over again and he began rubbing his cock as he sucked on her pussy lips. He drew circles around her clit with his tongue, but never once touched it. He noticed that this made Ruby moan especially loud so he continued to do it as he used his other hand to slide one finger in and our of her dripping pussy. 

She threw her head back and moaned loudly as he added another finger. He fucked her with his hand until she began to scream so loudly he knew someone would hear. 

Finally, he slid his expert tongue over her swollen clit and felt her shudder. He took it into his mouth and pulsed it in and out. He kissed it like he would her tongue until she was swept into an earthshattering orgasm. He drank her delicious juices until her dripping subsided. 

Ruby's body fell slightly limp and she almost toppled over. He slid his body out from under hers and sat beside her. He pulled her onto his naked lap and noticed how sweaty she had become. He slid her sweater over her head and unclasped her bra and let it fall to the floor. He unzipped her skirt and pulled it over her head as well. Jack turned Ruby's body so that she was straddling him and his insatiable cock was pressed between their stomachs. She leaned her head on his chest and pressed her breasts to his stomach. 

"Are you okay, baby?" he asked her as her heavy breathing gradually began to abate. 

"I'm fine, that was just...that was fantastic."

He slowly leaned her back so her shoulder blades touched the floor. He bent and kissed her breasts and took the other one in his hand. He licked circles around one areola and pinched the other with increasing pressure until she moaned that she could take no more. He switched sides and pinched her other nipple. 

Ruby's hips flew up and her pussy juices smeared his lower abs and cock. He closed his eyes and tried to control himself. He took his legs out from under her and laid his hard, tall body onto her tiny, soft, short one. He slid his cock between her thighs and rubbed it all over her soaking pussy. 

"Are you ready?"

She nodded slowly, scared of such a big cock, but she wanted him too badly to say no. He plunged his cock deep inside her and left it there for a minute while she got used to its size. She winced as a flush of pain and pleasure surged through her. It felt so good and it hurt like hell at the same time. When her pussy began to accomodate his hard cock he began to slowly rock back and forth, sliding in and our of her tight pussy. 

His hand snaked down her side and found its way to her clit. He rubbed her little button in circles and coated it with her own wetness. He began to fuck her harder and faster as both of their orgasms drew near. 

"Fuck me harder, Mr. Allen. I want it harder!" she screamed.

Her orgasm began as a massive ripple of contractions throughout her entire body. Her pussy tightened even more and gripped his cock every few seconds. It was too much for Jack to stand - his student's tight little pussy contracting around his harder-than-ever cock. He exploded into her and groaned loudly as his last bit of cum shot inside her pussy. 

They lay still, panting for several minutes and then Jack rolled sideways so his body faced Ruby's. Their legs remained entwined and his softening cock was still inside her still-dripping hole. 

After about 30 minutes of just laying with each other, Jack said, "Hey, baby...I don't want this to be the last time we do this."

"Me either, Mr. Allen."

"As hot as it is when you call me that, please call me Jack. I mean, we've pretty much completely overstepped the boundaries of formality."

"Okay, Mr. Allen," Ruby replied with a wink. 

"I think you're going to need some tutoring, baby. How about every Thursday night I come to your house and...help...you?

"That sounds fantastic, Jack." She untangled herself from him and grabbed her clothes. She got dressed and waited for him to do the same. 

As they walked out the classroom together, Ruby couldn't help but smile. Today was Thursday.