 Author's Note: This will be my 196th literotica submission. I have decided to take a break from writing and I will stop after my 200th submission. Thanks to all who have read the stories and provided me with feedback and suggestions. I will write four more stories based on suggestions I have received from readers.

INTRODUCTION

In Chapter One the reader met Dirk and Carla, a married couple who own the massage parlor and offer more than massages to their clients. The reader was also introduced to Rita a very pretty and stacked 25 year old married to a husband thirty years her senior. At Rita's last massage, Carla introduced Rita to the joys of lesbian sex. Then there was Margot the 39 year old divorcee who was massaged by Dirk and lost control of her emotions. Carla helped Margot clean up and then Margot, filled with shame and guilt, left the parlor vowing to never return. A promise that deep down Margot knew she wouldn't keep. Jennifer, the cute 19 year old receptionist, witnessed Carla and Rita together and she also got a look a Dirk's large erect cock. Jennifer was now on a mission to make her herself more attractive to her employers in hopes that they would seduce her.

In Chapter Two the reader met more of the massage parlor clients. Alec who dressed like a woman and preferred to be called Alice got much more than a massage from Dirk. Jill who was totally into women was pleasured by Carla and her new three pronged dildo. Rita returned for another massage and special treatment from Carla and a bi-sexual couple the Robinson's sampled Carla's and Dirk's charms. Jennifer was beside herself with desire and she tried successfully to get her employer's attention. She anxiously waited for Thursday afternoon and her promised massage by Dirk and Carla.

In Chapter Three Jenny got her erotic massage and although she was slightly embarrassed she looked forward to more action with her employers. Then the reader met the incredibly horny Beth as she engaged in a torrid threesome with Dirk and Carla. Mike and Jan then came in for an erotic massage. Jan was a new swinger and she was nervous about the massage but once Dirk and Carla got their hands on her, Jan became a wild woman.

In Chapter Four Carla began Rita's anal training as Dirk and Jenny watched from the office. Jenny and Dirk had their own sex session as they observed Carla and Rita. Then Margot returned for another massage and this time she was more receptive to Dirk's advances. Carla and Rita took their encounter to the next level as the voyeur Jenny was overcome with desire and pleasured herself.

JENNY IS TUTORED

On Thursday afternoon the last client had been serviced by 4:00PM. Carla and Dirk decided to have some more fun with Jenny. Jenny was a little bored that day since nothing exciting had happened. All the clients were regular massage clients as was usually the case during normal business hours. Only Rita and Margot were the exception. 

"Jenny, Dirk and I were discussing your future with us and I wondered if you would like to become a massage therapist. We could train you right here at our parlor," Carla offered.

"Oh wow that would be wonderful. I would love that," Jenny beamed.

"Good I'm glad to hear that. Would you like to get started today? Would you be able to stay past 6:00PM?" Carla pursued.

"Yes that's no problem. I would love to start today," Jenny replied excitedly.

"Good, well we have no other clients today so let's get started. You can wear one of my uniforms and massage me first. Dirk will coach you through the techniques. Then you will get to massage Dirk and I will help you with the proper method," Carla explained.

Carla, Dirk and Jenny went to one of the massage rooms after locking the front door to the parlor. Jenny changed clothes and put on one of Carla's white uniforms. Jenny did as she was told and she was naked under the white uniform. Carla got up on the table and lay face down with a towel over her lower body. Jenny thought it was strange since she had already seen Carla naked but Carla wanted to simulate a real situation.

Under Dirk's direction Jenny began with Carla's head and neck. Then Jenny worked Carla's shoulders and spent a lot of time on Carla's back. Dirk instructed Jenny to move to Carla's feet and work her way up. Jenny stretched Carla's toes and massaged her feet as she was told. Jenny then massaged Carla's muscular calves and worked her way up to Carla's thighs. Jenny didn't know it but Carla was extremely turned on and it was all she could do from grabbing Jenny's head and thrusting it into her pussy.

Dirk told Jenny that she should never massage a client's buttocks unless the client requested her to do it. At this point Carla passed on the buttock massage and rolled over keeping the towel in place covering her breasts and pubes. Both Carla and Jenny were turned on but Jenny was instructed to focus on the massage. Again she worked on Carla's head and neck first before massaging Carla's arms and fingers. Then she moved down to Carla's feet and legs and finished the massage. Jenny was also told never to touch a woman's breasts unless the woman requested her to. 

Dirk took of his clothes and changed places with his wife. Carla then instructed Jenny on the proper technique when massaging a male client. Jenny went through the same routine as she had with Carla starting with the head and neck, then the shoulders and back and finally the feet and legs. Once again Jenny was cautioned not to massage a client's buttocks unless requested. Dirk then rolled over and he had a raging hard-on. He kept the towel over him but it was obvious from the way the towel tented that he was hard under it. Jenny had a difficult time focusing on the remainder of the massage but she managed.

"Okay Jenny now you can massage my cock," Dirk announced as he threw off the towel.

Jenny stared hungrily at his huge cock and then reached out with her hand to stroke it. She marveled at its size and compared it to few other cocks she had had. Dirk sighed as she slowly masturbated him.

Jenny leaned forward and her tongue snaked out and lapped at Dirk's ball sac lightly, then she gently licked up and down his shaft. Her tongue circled his cock head as she slowly took the head of his penis into her mouth. Her lips slid further down the shaft as she was only able to take half of his cock in her mouth drawing a moan from him. Carla watched with interest as jenny began to suck Dirk's cock. Jenny began to bob her head back and forth on his cock, sucking hard on his huge member and testing her gag line. She was able to get about seven inches in her mouth. Jenny slurped loudly on Dirk's dick as her soft lips glided smoothly up and down his long cock.

Dirk closed his eyes and groaned as Jenny sucked ravenously on his oversized cock. Her hand cupped his balls and gently caressed them as her tongue licked at the head of his dick each time it came out of her mouth. Dirk placed his hands on the back of her head and guided her as she gave him an incredible blowjob. He loved the way she sucked his cock. She was so hot and he couldn't believe his good fortune as he held her hair back to watch her pretty face and sensuous mouth. Jenny kept her eyes closed with her lips snugly wrapped around his shaft as she bobbed back and forth. She was incredibly turned on and her pussy was soaked. 

Dirk and Carla brought excitement into her life and Jenny now realized that she was addicted to them. She was so enamored with Dirk's impressive cock; she found that she loved to suck on it. Jenny was desperate to please him and to make him cum. Jenny wanted this to be Dirk's best blow job ever and she put all her efforts into it and it did not take long to bring Dirk to the edge.

Dirk announced that he was cumming and Jenny clamped down on his cock determined to swallow every drop of his seed. She could feel his cock jerk in her hand as volley after volley bounced off the back of her throat. Jenny swallowed as quickly as she could and did not allow a drop to escape her mouth. She continued to suck on his cock milking it dry of his sperm. Then Jenny took the cock from her mouth and Dirk watched as she squeezed more cum out the end of his dick. Jenny then wrapped her lips around it and sucked his man juice dry. She nibbled on his dick head causing him to shiver and he pushed her away. Dirk's cock stayed hard and Jenny marveled at the impressive organ before her. 

"Jenny, don't forget about Carla," Dirk whispered.

Jenny looked over at Carla and saw that she was naked on the other massage table. Carla had her legs spread wide and she was playing with her pussy. "Come to me Jenny, come and eat my sweet pussy."

Jenny still clothed in the white uniform moved closer to Carla. Jenny's eyes were fixed on the Carla's juicy looking cunt. Jenny's oily fingers found Carla's clit and gently stroked it before she slipped a finger inside Carla's pussy. Carla was already sopping wet and welcomed Jenny's penetrating touch. 

Carla gasped with pleasure and she moaned loudly as Jenny's finger slid between Carla's nether lips and wormed its way deep inside. Jenny then pushed her thumb back into Carla's pussy and held her in a bowling grip. Jenny had learned that Carla loved to have fingers in her ass and pussy at the same time and she wasn't going to disappoint Carla. Carla's vaginal and anal muscles tightened around Jenny's finger and thumb as she slowly pushed them in and out. Jenny's mouth moved from one of Carla's nipples to the other, back and forth, nibbling, sucking and licking. Carla was in a euphoric state as she engaged in another second lesbian encounter.

Jenny removed her thumb and finger from Carla's pussy and asshole. They she pushed two fingers into Carla's overheated twat. Jenny then slipped her fingers out of Carla and slowly rubbed her hand back up over Carla's stomach and between Carla's tits. Carla watched as Jenny stuck the two fingers into her mouth and sucked Carla's juices from them. Jenny closed her eyes as she savored the taste of her employer. Carla smiled at the pretty teenager as she realized how far Jenny had come. 

Jenny walked around to the foot of the table where she pulled Carla's body down until her buttocks were at the edge. Jenny then leaned down between Carla's parted legs and licked and kissed slowly up Carla's inner thighs. Jenny's hot mouth eventually met Carla's clit and Carla moaned as Jenny sucked it and tongued it. Jenny spread Carla's legs further apart and tweaked her nipples while Jenny's tongue explored Carla's slit. She inserted her fingers in Carla's pussy again. Carla pulled her knees up to her chest allowing Jenny to push deeper inside her. Carla's legs began to tremble as Jenny licked harder and faster. Jenny's fingers probed Carla's g-spot and Carla could feel the orgasm rising in her. Carla's whole body tensed up and she ground her pussy against Jenny's fingers and mouth. Jenny sucked Carla's clit tight into her lips and vigorously flicked her tongue over it. Jenny's fingers pumped in and out of Carla's wet cunt and finally Carla climaxed. Carla's body convulsed, her voice shook in half screams and went silent at times when she couldn't seem to make noise. Carla gripped the massage table and held it for the duration of her seemingly endless crescendo.

Jenny couldn't stand it any longer and she had to cum. She stripped off the white uniform and got up the other massage table that Dirk had vacated. Jenny looked over at Dirk with an unmistakable expression of desire in her eyes. 

"Dirk would eat my pussy," Jenny said as she opened her legs before him hiding nothing and leaving no doubt as to her desire; her pussy for his taking.

Dirk knelt before Jenny and kissed her from her knee up her soft thighs towards her womanhood. He took in the lovely smell of her as he kissed her smooth creamy white skin just beside her vagina. Jenny was in a state of ecstasy and her heart pounded as she watched her employer lick her. Her cunt lips quivered as he teased them with his tongue and kissed her everywhere she desired. Dirk's tongue was long and probed deep into the inner walls of her pussy.

Jenny ran her hands over her body cupping her breasts and rolling her nipples between her fingertips. Dirk sucked her cunt lips into his mouth as his tongue snaked around in her snatch. Dirk still had not made contact with her clit and Jenny desperately needed his tongue or his cock to touch her clit. She moaned in pleasure and frustration as Dirk continued to tease her. He again wiggled his tongue deep within her pussy before finally nudging her clit. Jenny jumped as a spark of pleasure shot through her body. Dirk slid his hands under her curvy ass and lovingly cupped her shapely ass cheeks. He sucked her clit into his mouth and held it between his lips as he ran his tongue over the hard little pearl. Jenny arched her back as she felt her orgasm approach.

"Oh yes, oh my God," she called out as the first wave rocked her body.

Jenny grabbed Dirk's head with both hands and pulled his face harder into her crotch. She vigorously humped his face as his tongue danced over her super sensitive cit. Her thighs clamped around his head and her entire body trembled as she came almost violently. Jenny felt her pussy pulsating as she covered Dirk's face with her female juices. Finally she collapsed back on the bed releasing him in the process.

"Oh my God," Jenny moaned again.

Dirk raised himself up and knelt between her legs. His huge cock looked menacing as it hovered above her hips.

"Are you ready for this?" he asked smiling confidently.

"Oh yes, yes please, fuck me now," Jenny pleaded. 

Dirk held his cock and lined up the swollen head with the entrance to her sex. He pushed forward slightly allowing her tight cunt lips to open up for his impressive cock. He was about half way in when he pulled out and then slowly eased back into her causing her to moan in pleasure. Dirk would push in a little and then pull out a little slowly working his cock deeper and deeper into her vagina. Finally his entire cock was buried in her and Jenny sighed feeling completely full almost afraid to move. This was a fantastic sensation for her to be this full.

Dirk held himself inside her waiting for Jenny to start fucking him. He looked down at her and smiled and then she pulled him down to her and they kissed deeply with their tongues playing with one another. Jenny was ready to be fucked and she needed his big dick to slide in and out of her and rub her clit. She began to move and then Dirk fucked her using long slow hard strokes. Jenny locked her legs around Dirk's ass and pulled him into her. He began to fuck her harder and faster and she felt another orgasm on its way. She was at the mercy of his gigantic organ as it pounded her pussy.

If Dirk hadn't just cum in her mouth he would not have been able to hold on as long. Jenny was so hot and squeezed him with her tight pussy; she was really a good fuck. Dirk fucked through her one orgasm after another before he filled her pussy with cum. His orgasm was as intense as hers as their bodies ground together and they moaned and groaned loudly. 

Jenny could feel his cock softening but even then it still filled her cunt. Dirk slowly lifted himself off of her body and in so doing his thick cock slipped from her pussy. Jenny felt the void in her cunt as his cock left her body and she gasped as the coolness of the air touched her vacant pussy. Jenny rolled over on her stomach so as to look at Dirk who stood by the table. 

"Let's take this to other room," Carla called out.

The three of them walked naked into the room with all the mats and Jenny was guided to the floor on her belly. Dirk looked at Jenny's ass and he could not resist running his hands over her shapely cheeks. Her ass was so sweet that he felt his loins stir with desire. Dirk loved her perfect cute ass and he wanted to fuck it. Dirk had never fucked Jenny in the ass and he had never thought about it until now. But Dirk knew that Jenny was an anal virgin and that she not ready to accept his big cock. Dirk got to his knees behind Jenny and kneaded her gorgeous ass cheeks. He then began to kiss her cheeks and run his tongue lightly in the crack of her ass. Jenny wiggled her ass feeling very wicked as he tongued and kissed her.

Dirk lifted her by her hips so that her ass was perched in the air. Jenny's head was still on the floor and she turned it to one side and let out a gasp as Dirk's tongue licked close to her asshole. Dirk ran his tongue from her pussy to her ass causing Jenny to cringe in anticipation of what might be next. Dirk surprised himself by licking and rimming Jenny's asshole as he loved to do that to sweet asses. 

Dirk spread her ass cheeks with his hands and dipped his tongue into the crack locating her nether hole. His tongue slowly circled her anus and she flinched at the contact. He then pushed his tongue as far as he could into her asshole and he found himself wanting to fuck her up the ass. He continued to ass fuck her with his tongue and she was at his mercy. Her desire grew as he worked her ass to the point that she really wanted his cock back in her pussy.

Dirk pulled back and he looked at Jenny's tight nether hole all wet with his saliva. He could barely get his tongue in there and he wondered how he would ever get his cock in her tight hole. He teased her with his finger but even his finger was too big to go in easily.

"Dirk, fuck me again. Put your big cock back in my pussy and fuck me again, please!" Jenny pleaded with him.

Dirk knew that there was no way that he would ever be able to fuck Jenny's pretty ass so he eased his erect dick back in her pussy. Jenny looked very submissive in this position as he fucked her from behind. He watched his big cock slide in and out of her cunt but he imagined it was her ass. Dirk looked at her cute shapely bottom and he loved the way her ass cheeks jiggled as he fucked her. He played with her ass and caressed and squeezed the smooth globes as his cock plowed her pussy. 

Carla had seen enough and she was hot again. She got down on the mats and spread her legs in front of Jenny's face. Jenny knew what was expected of her and she lowered her mouth to Cara's pussy. Once again Jenny worked over Carla's pussy as she wanted to please both her employers. 

Dirk felt his orgasm building in his loins and then he stiffened as he shot his third load of the afternoon into Jenny's pussy. Jenny felt Dirk's cum enter her womb and she furiously rubbed her clit. Carla was the next to cum and she juiced Jenny's face and Jenny was sure that somehow Carla had squirted. Jenny came right after Carla and she collapsed on the mats. Jenny thought about how good Dirk's tongue had felt in her ass but she was glad that he didn't try to put anything else in her asshole. Jenny had never been butt fucked and she wasn't interested in anal sex. Plus she couldn't imagine her ass being able to take Dirk's cock.

"That was marvelous. You are good lovers," Jenny said softly.

"You're the best Jenny. It's easy to make love to you, you're so beautiful," they both told her.

They remained on the mats for awhile kissing and caressing one another. Then they showered and Jenny dressed while Carla and Dirk just put on their robes. They said goodnight to Jenny as she left and told her that they would tutor her some more in the art of massage. Jenny was sated and thrilled by the time she left. It was 7:00 PM and they had been at it for three hours. 

Dirk and Carla poured their evening cocktail and discussed the plans for Rita on Friday. They were thrilled having Jenny on their staff and they looked forward to many more sessions with her but Rita was next on the agenda. Carla laid out her plan for Dirk to join her and Rita in the massage room. Then they would take Rita to the mats and Dirk would take Rita's ass. Dirk could not conceal his excitement over deflowering Rita's ass.
