 Cindy is in her early twenties. She's quite a pretty young woman, a single mother with a charming three year old daughter. Recently she had to change her rental property. The owner of the place had come on to her a couple of times and she'd told him to take a hike. 

Now Cindy assures me she was polite but firm, but knowing the girl I strongly suspect she told him quite bluntly to fuck off. The upshot was she promptly received notification saying that at the end of the lease she had to vacate as the owner was not choosing to renew her lease. 

It was all done officially, with the letter of the law being observed, even if the spirit of the law was lying in the gutter with its teeth kicked in. She had to move.

That's when she ran into problems. She couldn't find another rental. At the time it was an owners market, and there were a glut of would be tenants. As a single mother she wasn't high on the list of most wanted tenants.

At the end of her lease, Cindy still had nowhere to go, and had to fall back on contingency plans. She moved most of her things into a storage unit and went to stay with a friend for what would be, hopefully, a few days. She could only afford a small storage unit and this resulted with Cindy having more goods than room to put them.

That's where I came in. I'm a friend of the family, sort of an honouree uncle. I'm also a friend with a double garage and only a single car. Could I please store the excess stuff in my garage until she could find a house? No problems. I even drove over to the unit she was leaving and loaded it up, saving her having to make the trip.

A week later she finally received an acceptance and was able to arrange to move into her new house the next weekend. Fortunate timing as far as Cindy was concerned as her daughter was due to spend that weekend with her father. She'd have a child free moving experience. On the Friday night before the big move she called to let me know she was coming and then turned up to collect her things.

She pulled up next to the garage and hopped out of her car, talking on the phone. She does that a lot. I started to load the things into her car, and Cindy kept talking. I finished loading things into the car and Cindy kept talking.

I had gathered by this time that she was talking to her boyfriend. I understand that he'd thrown some pretty plain hints that she should stay with him while waiting til she got her own house, but Cindy had turned him down, moving in with a girlfriend instead. I suspect she didn't want to find herself trapped in a relationship that she wasn't ready for.

But her refusal to temporarily move in with him didn't seem to dampen the ardour floating through the phone lines. Like I said, from arriving until I'd completely packed the car, she kept talking. I asked her if she was coming in for a moment, and she nodded.

She wandered into the house after me, still talking, and I'll admit that I was getting just a little narked by it. She was being rude, even if she didn't seem to realise it. Once in the house, Cindy visited the fridge for a cold drink, and the biscuit barrel for some nibbles. She sipped and nibbled, still talking.

After she'd had her snack she wandered off into the house, talking. She made a beeline for my bedroom, not for any salacious reasons, but because she knew I kept an iPhone charger plugged in next to my bed.

She plugged her phone in, not missing a beat in her constant chattering. Then she sat on the bed and talked. 

Have you ever had that experience when a visitor to your house just totally ignores you? I mean, I'd been doing her a favour, and she hadn't even found time to say thank you. I was getting seriously narked.

When I came and sat on the bed, Cindy stood up and continued talking her back to me. Now it was a pleasant day, weather wise, and Cindy was dressed accordingly. What interested me particularly at this moment was that she was wearing tights and lacy blue panties. 

I could tell the colour of her panties as the tights had pulled away from her waist when she sat down, and she hadn't bothered to hitch them back up. Too busy talking. 

I was wondering what it would take to make her put down the phone. I decided to find out. I mean she was just there, right in front of me, and she has this very cute little bottom that the tights framed rather than concealed. Still, it occurred to me that if they weren't there, there'd be a lot more of that cute bottom on display.

I just reached over, hooked a finger either side of her tights and pulled them briskly down, making sure that the lacy blue panties came along for the ride.

Did she stop talking? No way. She gave a little gasp, and tried to catch them with one hand as they went down but she was a bit too slow. She then tried to crouch to get them, but I intercepted her, swinging her around and dropping her across my knee, hand resting on her bottom.

Cindy was wriggling and trying to stand up again, and apparently her boyfriend noticed something because I heard her telling him no, everything's fine. She'd just slipped on the carpet. 

I spanked her bottom, and a nice sound it made. She wriggled somewhat, but she was trying desperately not to let on to her boyfriend that there was anything wrong. A second firmer spank came down and a third before she finally admitted defeat. 

She finally started making hanging up noises, but I'd delivered another two or three firm spanks before she actually managed to hang up.

Free of the phone she let out a shriek.

"What do you think you're doing?" she demanded.

"I'm giving a rude little girl a lesson in manners," I told her. "It's been quite a few years since I had to smack your bottom, but it worked well last time so I thought it would work this time also."

Cindy wasn't dumb, thoughtless at times, but not stupid by any means. She caught on instantly to what I was referring to. 

"It didn't occur to you to ask me to hang up?" she yelled, "and stop spanking," she added when my hand came down again.

"It did occur to me that I shouldn't have to ask," I pointed out, "and I find I like spanking you. You've got a very cute bottom. Just the right size for my hand." 

I demonstrated this with another spank, but this time I left my hand lying on her bottom, softly squeezing it.

"In case you hadn't noticed, I'm not a child anymore, so please stop spanking me and take your hand off my bottom."

Cindy was sounding a little cheesed off. Understandable I suppose when your phone call is interrupted by having your panties pulled down and your bottom smacked. I moved my hand as requested.

"What do you think you're doing now?" Cindy demanded.

"Moving my hand as requested," I said, letting her hear the amusement in my voice.

"Not there," she said, and she was sounding a little frazzled.

"But I like it here," I told her, "although it does feel a trifle damp."

"No, it doesn't," came the quick reply, "so move your hand."

I wriggled a finger around, finding that Cindy's lips parted quite easily to let the finger slip between them. I probed a little deeper.

"I'm afraid so," I told her. "Feel this," I said, wriggling my finger slightly, "Warm and wet and nice and tight. Does spanking excite you?"

"No," protested Cindy, "so you can let me up now."

"I think in the interests of scientific curiosity I should explore this idea," I told her, and brought my hand firmly down on her bottom again.

Cindy squealed and started wriggling around, apparently not interested in scientific curiosity nearly so much as in protecting her bottom. It didn't help as I quickly delivered half a dozen nice firm spanks to that pretty little bottom.

"Now let's see if that has stimulated you," I murmured, letting my hand slip down between her legs.

A gentle palpitation of her pussy and an easing apart of her lips and my finger was again exploring inside her.

"Oh, my," I breathed softly. "I think you may have been telling me little fibs." 

Cindy was breathing hard, pressing her pussy up into my hand, and she was noticeably wetter and damper than earlier.

"Tell me, Cindy," I murmured to her, "If I continue spanking do you think you'll climax? Or would you rather have some more personal attention to make that happen?"

I gathered the impression that Cindy was trying to say something, but I'm not sure what, as what she actually uttered was a strangled shriek as my probing finger accidentally probed very firmly against her clitoris.

Again the spirit of scientific curiosity came over me, and the next couple of times Cindy tried to say something, I thoughtfully played with her clitoris. Amazingly enough, both times Cindy's voice became a sort of strangled cry. I don't know much anatomy, and I was quite intrigued to find that touching the clitoris inhibited the speaking ability of females. 

I swung Cindy back to her feet, and she stood in front of me, eyes wide and a slightly shocked look on her face. Looking up at her, holding her eyes with mine, I reached down to where her tights and panties were bunched around her knees and took hold of them.

"Up or down?" I quietly asked her.

The paleness on her face was replaced by a vivid blush, and she didn't seem to be able to make the choice. I pushed down, and Cindy lifted each foot in turn, allowing them to drop off.

After that it took but moments to remove her top and bra, and I was pleased to note that her nipples were already standing up in a nice perky manner.

I didn't bother stripping myself. I just unzipped and brought the family jewels out into the light. Cindy was looking slightly shocked again, but her hand seemed to move almost of its own accord to reach out and touch me.

I found there was something oddly erotic and powerful about having a naked woman in front of me while I was still fully dressed, apart from having my erection out. Cindy seemed to feel the same way as she was already moving forward to straddle me, sinking down onto me and taking me into her with one smooth motion. 

Digressing for a moment, I wondered what it would feel like if the situation was reversed. That is, me naked and her fully dressed, apart from having her panties pulled to the side to allow me entry.

With Cindy sinking smoothly onto me I took hold of her legs, helping her to wrap them around me. My hands slid up her back to help support her while I leaned forward and bit lightly on a nipple. 

I must have overdone the idle teasing of her clitoris. Once Cindy was comfortably settled on me, she started to bounce her pretty little bottom, moving up and down my shaft in a most intriguing way. Then to my surprise she convulsed and started wailing and shrieking, having an orgasm where I was barely warming up.

Don't think I was complaining. Good luck to her was what I thought, and fortunate for me because it would make my fun easier. I could just go ahead and bonk to my heart's content and not have to worry if I was satisfying her. I've always found that a woman who has an early orgasm is going to have a second one without much trouble. 

However, Cindy wasn't going to be doing much bunny hopping with that pretty little bottom of hers until she'd come down from her high and we'd started some serious action again. 

I twisted to the side, letting Cindy fall onto the bed with me above her, thrusting down. Then I got to work, banging into Cindy just as hard and as fast as I could. For a minute or so she just lay there, shuddering occasionally from her orgasm, and then her body started to get interested in a repeat performance.

I could feel her give a few tentative upward thrusts, adjusting to the rhythm of my need, then her hips went into action, driving her forcefully up to meet me. I may have been in the dominant position, but Cindy's legs wrapping around me again and her strong upward thrusts were telling me loud and clear that as far as she was concerned this was a coming together of equals.

I did my best, pounding hard and trying to subjugate her, but Cindy was resilient and met my every effort with ease. I'm not built to be a marathon runner, and pretty soon I had settled down for a sprint to the finish. And Cindy was right there next to me, helping to set the pace.

You might say we crossed the line together, my satisfaction splashing into her and triggering her own satisfaction. I wound up slumped over her breathing hard, but satisfied that she was just as spent as I was.

I hadn't even withdrawn from her when her damn phone rang, and she stretched out one long arm and snatched it up off the bedside table.

"Oh, hi," she said. "Sorry for hanging up but I had some stuff I had to do. Yes, of course I can talk now."

"Just as soon as I'm able to move again," I told her, speaking quietly, "I am putting you back over my knee and paddling you all over again."

I got a smirk and she just kept right on chatting.