 INTRODUCTION

In Chapter One the reader met Dirk and Carla, a married couple who own the massage parlor and offer more than massages to their clients. The reader was also introduced to Rita a very pretty and stacked 25 year old married to a husband thirty years her senior. At Rita's last massage, Carla introduced Rita to the joys of lesbian sex. Then there was Margot the 39 year old divorcee who was massaged by Dirk and lost control of her emotions. Carla helped Margot clean up and then Margot, filled with shame and guilt, left the parlor vowing to never return. A promise that deep down Margot knew she wouldn't keep. Jennifer, the cute 19 year old receptionist, witnessed Carla and Rita together and she also got a look a Dirk's large erect cock. Jennifer was now on a mission to make her herself more attractive to her employers in hopes that they would seduce her.

TUESDAY AT THE PARLOR

That morning Dirk and Carla woke up and Dirk fucked Carla with his customary morning hard-on. Dirk satisfied Carla but he restrained himself from cumming as they had a busy day ahead. After they showered and ate breakfast they dressed in their tight white uniforms. As they looked at each other in uniform it was all they could do to keep from stripping and hopping back in bed. They both looked extremely hot and it was no surprise that they turned their clients on.

At 9:45AM Jennifer arrived at the parlor and she was greeted by both her employers. Dirk and Carla noticed Jennifer's change in attire. Jennifer, who normally wore slacks or jeans, was dressed in a short yellow mini skirt that was cut at least 10 inches above her knee that showed off her tan legs. She also wore a snug light blue top that outlined her tits and clung to her tight abs. Her outfit and figure did not escape the eyes of her employers.

However, it was a frustrating day for Jenny as neither Dirk nor Carla had sex with any of their clients. It was a day of normal massage clients as both Dirk and Carla had a full schedule. The began working at 10:00AM and gave massages right up until the 6:00PM closing time with 15 minutes between clients and 30 minutes for lunch. Several times Jenny had gone to the office to look at the monitor and each time she was disappointed to see that the customers were just getting a normal massage and there was no sex taking place. Jenny would just have to wait until tomorrow when Rita returned for her massage. Jenny was sure that Carla and Rita would make love again.

Jenny left the parlor at 6:15PM that evening as Dirk and Carla kicked back to rest before their erotic massage appointments at 8:00PM that evening. Of course Jenny knew nothing of the evening appointments since she was not involved in scheduling those clients. Dirk and Carla had a light dinner before their guests arrived.

"Did you get a look at the outfit that Jenny wore today?" Carla asked her husband.

"Unbelievable, she was obviously trying to get our attention. I bet it's because she saw my cock last week and spotted you and Rita on the monitor."

"Well if she wants to get our attention she's got it. If I didn't have Jill coming here tonight, I would have made a move on her," Carla admitted.

"Ditto, if I didn't have Alec tonight or Alice as he likes to be called, I would have been all over Jenny today," Dirk agreed.

"Let's see if she continues to dress like she did today and if so we can test the water with her. Thursday evening would be good since we don't have any clients that night," Carla suggested.

"If fact we are open from 3:00PM through 6:00PM on Thursday. Let's keep those times open and offer Jenny a complimentary massage," Dirk added.

"Sounds like a plan," Carla agreed.

Just then the buzzer sounded and Alec / Alice had arrived. Carla knew that Jill would be along in another 15 minutes. Dirk greeted Alec and escorted him to the massage room. Carla smiled as the transsexual walked past her and she was impressed with Alec and how much he really looked like a women.

Once in the massage room, Dirk prepared the oils as Alec got undressed. Alec kept his silk panties on as he lay face down on the massage table. Dirk noticed that Alec's tits were really coming along and he complimented him.

"Alice your tits are really looking good. I am looking forward to massaging them tonight," Dirk told him.

"Oh thank you but please let's start with my back," Alec replied in a sexy tone.

Dirk went to work on Alec's shoulders and back before moving down to his legs. Alec had shaved his body and his skin was hairless and well tanned. Dirk worked Alec's hamstrings and calves and then worked his way up to Alec's ass. Dirk massaged Alec's ass through the silk panties and then he slipped his hands under the waistband and massaged Alec's bare ass.

"You really have a nice ass Alice," Dirk complimented Alec.

Alec just cooed allowing Dirk to have his way. Dirk peeled Alec's panties down to just below his buttocks. The front of the panties was pinned to the massage table and covered Alec's pubes but his ass was bare. Dirk squirted some oil in the crack of Alec's ass and then massaged between his cheeks. Alec squirmed a little but he was careful not to let his panties slip down any further. Dirk then stuck a finger in Alec's asshole and slowly finger fucked him. Dirk soon added a second finger and Alec's ass opened up as it always did. Dirk then stripped off his uniform and climbed up on the massage table. Dirk's big erect cock look menacing as it hovered over Alec's ass. Dirk then eased his large cock into Alec's asshole ever so slowly. Alec closed his eyes and gasped as his rectum was filled with cock.

Alec groaned seductively as the big dick entered his asshole. Dirk fucked him slowly and watched his cock slide out of Alec's shapely ass. Dirk was so turned on that he felt his orgasm building quicker then he planned. There was no stopping him and his balls tightened as he unloaded in Alec's ass. Dirk held onto to Alec's hips and drove his cock deep into Alec's asshole. Alec felt the molten sperm fill his asshole to overflowing and instinctively used his anal muscles to milk Dirk's cock.

"Oh Dirk I feel it! I feel you cumming in me. It feels so good keep fucking me," Alec blurted.

Dirk stayed hard and kept fucking Alec. Dirk could feel his own semen surround his cock as he continued to fuck Alec's ass. Dirk sensed that he would stay hard and he was pleased that he could continue to fuck Alec's ass. Dirk lasted much longer this time but he still felt a huge orgasm building in his balls. Just as Dirk came in Alec's ass a second time, Alec screamed out. Dirk pulled out of Alec's ass and got off the table. Dirk stood there and looked at Alec's bubble butt sticking up naturally from the rest of his body. Alec's ass was framed by the panties pulled down below his buttocks and he really looked hot.

Alec rolled over on his back and his small erect cock was visible in his panties. Alec loved it when Dirk made him cum in his panties. Dirk moved to the side of Alec and then he reached down and stroked Alec's cock through the panties.

"Alice, look how swollen your vulva is and how hard your clit is. Would you like me to suck on your clit?" Dirk teased.

"Oh yes, please suck my clit. I need to cum too," Alec begged in reply.

Dirk leaned over and sucked on Alec's cock through the panties. This was always a huge turn-on for Alec and he never lasted long once Dirk's mouth was on his cock. Dirk rubbed Alec's balls through the panties as he mouthed Alec's cock. Alec was groaning and moaning and then suddenly his body went rigid. Dirk pulled his mouth off of Alec's panty covered cock just before Alec came. 

Dirk rubbed Alec's balls and watched as Alec ejaculated in his panties. Cum poured into the panties as Alec's cock throbbed and pulsated with excitement. Alec moaned aloud with the intensity of his ejaculation as his body rose up off the massage table. Alec's panties were drenched in cum. 

"My, my Alice, look at your panties. You really came hard tonight. Your panties are soaked with your pussy juice," Dirk said going along with the charade and then added, "And look what you did to me. I got all excited watching you cum."

Dirk pointed to his erect cock and then he climbed back up on the massage table. Dirk turned Alec back over on his belly and sat on Alec's legs just below Alec's buttocks. Dirk rested his cock in the crack of Alec's ass. Dirk poured more oil on Alec's back and shoulders and then began to massage the pretty transsexual's body. Alec's skin was hairless, smooth and flawless and Dirk's hands glided over the skin. After several minutes of massaging Alec's upper body Dirk returned his attention to Alec's ass. Dirk massaged each of Alec's buttocks relishing in the feel of the round firm globes. Dirk's huge hard cock was nestled in the crack of Alec's ass and Dirk slid his cock within the fold of Alec's buttocks.

Alec felt Dirk's hard cock again and said, "You like my ass don't you Dirk?"

"I love your ass Alice. I love fucking you in your perfectly shaped ass," Dirk replied.

"Are you going to fuck me again tonight?" Alec asked in a sultry voice.

"You know I am. You got me hard again so I am going to fuck your hot ass one more time," Dirk answered.

Dirk smoothed the body oil all over his cock and then he poured some of it in the crack of Alec's ass. Dirk then fingered Alec's asshole making sure that it was well lubed for another round of butt fucking. Satisfied that Alec was sufficiently lubricated, Dirk eased his cock into the hot ass for the third time that evening. Alec pushed his buns up to meet Dirk's penetration and the cock slid in easily. Alec groaned as the thick shaft filled his anal passage again. Dirk fucked Alec for what seemed to be hours before he finally came again in Alec's ass and then Dirk collapsed on top of Alec. The two of them remained in the same position for several minutes before they separated. Dirk pulled out of Alec and got off the massage table. 

Dirk and Alec then went down to the Jacuzzi room where they could shower and wash the perspiration and semen from their bodies. Carla had watched the beginning of her husband's coupling with Alec but then she heard the buzzer and she went to attend to Jill. Carla greeted the pretty lesbian and led her to the second massage room. 

"My husband is with a client in the other room," Carl told her.

Jill just nodded that she understood but she wondered who Dirk was fucking that night. Carla and Jill entered the massage room and Jill quickly stripped off her clothes. Carla took off her clothes as well since Jill liked her to be naked. Carla covered Jill back liberally with oil and began the massage. Jill was a petite brunette with smallish tits, great legs and a shapely ass. Carla loved massaging Jill's body and she particularly loved the way Jill's nipples stood out when excited.

The massage had just become foreplay for the two women over the past few months. Actually Jill couldn't wait to get at Carla's hot body. The two of them massaged each other until they were each so hot that they had to get at each other's pussy. Jill asked if they could go to the other room with the mats on the floor. Carla smiled and then took Jill's hand and led her to the other room.

Once they were in the other room, Jill lay down with Carla on the mats and their bodies came together. Carla's breathing became shallow and her moans became loudly audible. Carla began touching Jill's body now and she marveled in their mutual beauty. Jill began to purr in ecstasy. It seemed natural for them to be together and not taboo to be female lovers. As Jill's tongue circled Carla's right nipple she became increasingly aware that it was not going to take much more to make Carla cum. Carla felt Jill's fingers stroke her wet mound locating her swollen pussy, trying to find a way inside her. Carla moved her legs further apart trying to help Jill and soon Jill was fingering her with soft, slow, tender probes.

Carla couldn't take it any longer and she gently pushed Jill's head down. Jill nestled herself between Carla's legs, she used her hands to slowly open them and placed Carla's thighs on her shoulders. With one finger Jill traced the soft outer lips of the swollen pussy and applied gentle pressure spreading them open even further. Carla felt the familiar butterflies in her stomach as she gazed upon the sight of her moist lips inviting Jill's invasion. Jill put more fingers inside Carla and caressed her inner walls while the thumb positioned itself on the tip of her Carla's swollen clit; Jill lightly tickled it back and forth.

Jill moved herself slowly up Carla's body as she continued to finger fuck Carla's pussy, kissing and licking her way to Carla's tits. Jill took turns holding each nipple between her soft lips sucking and flicking at Carla's hard nipples. Carla in turn reached for Jill's breasts and felt her hard nipples across her palms as she stroked them. Carla pinched and rolled Jill's nipples between her fingers while Jill tongued her breasts. Jill whispered to Carla that she had to have her and then kissed her passionately. They moaned into each other's mouth as their fingers and thumbs tickled their swollen clits. Carla could feel the wetness of Jill's pussy saturating her thigh.

Jill broke off their kiss and smiled before descending toward Carla's aching pussy. As Jill reached Carla's wet mound she separated the lips fully opening her pink moistness and then Jill herself groaned with anticipated pleasure. The tip of her tongue touched Carla's center and her sweet liquid gushed into Jill's mouth. Jill was prepared for her gusher but as she licked at her silky lips, losing herself in the feeling of Carla's beautiful hot body. She flattened her tongue and stroked Carla's center up and down firmly enough that Carla could feel it on her clit. Jill drove Carla mad as her swollen clit twitched and ached for more attention. Carla arched her back and pulled Jill's head to her mound trying to shove her engorged clit into Jill's mouth much like a man would shove his cock into a woman's mouth. Carla gasped as Jill's lips sucked her clit in further and further causing a strong tremor to run through her whole body.

Carla's hips lifted off of the mat as Jill sucked on the clit flicking it back and forth as her fingers probed deep inside Carla. Jill worked her fingers in and out slowly at first and then with more intensity as her tongue firmly, methodically pressed again and again against Carla's erect clit now totally exposed from its hood. At this point Carla's groans became very loud, her body was rocked with her second orgasm and she ground her pussy into Jill's face as the dam broke. 

Jill continued to lap at the hard clit as Carla's body convulsed and with one orgasm after another. Slowly Carla relaxed after the last of one of the most intense climaxes. She lay back on the sofa as Jill moved up to her lips and covered them kissing Carla tenderly, deeply and letting her tongue slip past Carla's lips so she could taste herself. Carla kissed Jill eagerly in return, loving the sweet taste of her own pussy. They lay on the floor mats cradled in one other's arms without saying a word savoring the feel of a woman's body in each other's arms.

"Come Carla I want you to make love to me now," Jill said.

Jill opened her legs and guided Carla between her thighs. Carla looked right at Jill's beautiful pussy and she leaned forward and slowly stuck out her tongue. Carla took one, slow lick as she flattened my tongue on Jill's swollen mound. It felt so smooth and warm and Carla knew she had achieved the desired effect from the moan she know that Jill enjoyed it. Carla pointed her tongue and burrowed into Jill's pussy as it parted the labia and her tongue was rewarded with the exquisite taste of Jill's juice. Soon Carla was like a kitten at a saucer of milk, licking and lapping up as much as she could as fast as she could.

Jill reached down with both hands and spread herself wide making it so much easier for Carla's tongue to explore her pussy. Jill was breathing rapidly and she moaned softly whenever Carla got near her hard pearl. As Carla searched out Jill's hard clit, still just barely hidden, Jill tensed and began to quiver. After Carla felt like she had teased Jill's opening as much as she could with her tongue it was time to see Jill's reaction when Carla's tongue finally touched the clit just as Jill had done to her earlier.

Carla burrowed her tongue as deep into Jill as she could and then she just sort of licked and sucked her way up. When Carla got to Jill's pearl she used the very tip of her tongue to push back the little hood. Carla was always amazed at its size as she flicked her tongue over it once and then used the tip to explore the folds of flesh on either side of it. Jill was now moaning and she used her fingers to pull her hood back as she arched herself so that her pearl stuck out even further like a little cock. Carla nuzzled it with her nose taking in Jill's scent and she licked it once more before she took it between her teeth and gently nibbled it. 

Jill went wild and started bucking and calling out Carla's name. She let go of her own fleshy hood and pulled Carla's head to her pussy as she cried out in ecstasy. Carla sucked Jill's clit as deep in her mouth as she could and Jill humped her face for all she was worth. Carla was thrilled that she was able to get Jill that excited and she sucked harder and played with the clit with her lips, tongue and teeth. Carla didn't know exactly how many times Jill came but finally she finally went stiff and then collapsed on the floor mat, her body in spasms. 

"That was beautiful you are something Carla," Jill sighed.

"Jill I have a surprise for you," she said in a sultry tone, "Look at what I have for you tonight."

Jill looked as Carla showed her a three prong dildo. Jill watched as Carla put two of the fake cocks through the holes in the harness. Then Carla inserted the third fake cock in her pussy and then fastened the harness to her body. 

"What do you call that?" Jill asked almost laughing.

"It's called a three way. The two cocks are for your ass and pussy and the third cock is for my pussy," Carla explained.

"Where did you ever get such a thing?" Jill questioned.

"I ordered it from the catalog. I know how you like to be fucked in the ass as well as your pussy. Tonight you will have cocks in both your holes at the same time," Carla replied with a wicked smile on her face.

Carla knelt on the mat between Jill's legs and pressed her lips down hard on Jill's kissing her until her lips parted and Carla's tongue entered her mouth. Jill reached down and wrapped her hand around the fake cocks that were touching her inner thighs. Without a word Carla moved Jill's legs apart and slid the flexible dongs into Jill's soaking wet pussy and well lubed asshole. There was no resistance at all Jill was so wet and lubed that the cock heads slipped in easily.

As Carla slid the fake cocks inside, Jill lifted her knees and closed her eyes surrendering herself to Carla. Jill gave into her and whatever was to come next. Then Jill felt something fierce burst inside her as Carla thrust her hips in one hard fast motion driving into Jill causing her to cry out. Jill grasped Carla and her cries got louder with each thrust of Carla's cocks into her.

"Harder, harder fuck me harder," Jill screamed thrusting her hips up to meet Carla, "Oh God, yes, it's so good," she continued.

Carla hooked her arms under Jill's knees and held on as her thrusts became harder and faster. Jill could feel that tension building again that sweet fire that she so often sought and the pressure was mounting. Without warning Jill screamed out her body suddenly tensing and arching up off the mat. Jill's cumming along with the fake cock in Carla's pussy pushed Carla over the edge and both women exploded together. Carla collapsed on top of Jill their breasts pressing together. They lay quietly with the fake cocks still buried in both of them until Carla rolled off and lay on her back next to Jill. Jill looked down at Carla and the saw the menacing dildos pointing in the air with the third one still buried in Carla's cunt. They looked obscene on Carla's feminine body. 
