 You slide your hands under my jacket and I feel your warm, rough hands through my blouse. I want to stop you but the way my curves fit so perfectly into your manly hands changes my mind. It feels as if my breasts are moulded to fit your palm when you cup them and touch them. But there are people around us in this last night train and I can feel my face turning red, knowing that they possibly had a good view of my body being handled this way by you.

Still, I want you so badly, I am virtually on fire. The movie was a blur. All I remember is being teased by your fingers. Halfway through the movie, you had casually helped yourself up my skirt, caressing my thighs, slowly working your way up to my pussy, teasing me through my panties. 

I hate the way you keep a straight face, pretending to concentrate on everything but me. I squirmed on your fingers discreetly, hoping no one would notice what was happening between us. But more so because I needed to cum. I was so desperate from the teasing that, at one point, I offered in a whisper to go to the ladies to remove my meddlesome fabric so that you could access me completely. You stopped me and I knew you had this planned. You saw that I had figured the game but you just smiled nonchalantly and annoyingly confidently with that breathtaking smile of yours. You forbade me to touch you or myself throughout the evening, warning me that the game was over if I did.

I left the theatre with my pussy soaking wet, I was almost sure people could notice I was walking funny. I made sure had my jacket on though, my aching nipples felt like they were ready to burst through my back-less halter top from your oh-so-careless brushes. Displaying that would only have brought more unwanted attention to my already-attention-seeking breasts. You just walked beside me as if nothing happened. 

Once or twice in between the most casual conversation, you heightened my senses again by whispering something completely and deliciously filthy. The dull throbbing in my pussy would ignite itself all over again. I hate to love the way you play this mind-fuck game. You definitely have a lot more control than I do, both over me as well as yourself.

My orders from you were clear. "I want to make you need it so much that you beg me for it, Nita. I want to know that I own you and I want you to understand that." I know you are not the control-freak type of lover but that was the first time I heard you using such a tone, and I was a little intimidated. "You will not touch yourself unless I tell you to and you will definitely not cum unless I want you to. You will do what I tell you to." You finally understood my desire to be your possession. "Just trust me, my little slut." I melted into your arms, nervous but happy at the same time that I was finally living out my fantasy of being your submissive.

Dinner was unbearable. You finally allowed me to take my panties off but reminded me that everything would end if I tried to relieve myself. I don't even know why but I obeyed you even though I was so horny that my juices were running down my thigh the moment I took my panties off. My pussy badly ached to be touched. The walk back to our table from the washroom was a completely strange experience. I felt naked, exposed and slutty despite the posh ambience and the fact that I was visibly dressed.

You didn't even have to touch me throughout dinner. The whole experience and sensation itself kept me on the edge. You know I had never done something like this. Good girls weren't supposed to behave this way. Even though I tried hard to maintain a façade, you did not help.

You wanted me to expose a little bit more and behave a little more like a slut as the evening progressed. I obeyed even though I had never been more embarrassed. By the end of dinner, my breasts were threatening to spill out of my top and give the other voyeuristic waiters and diners what they were waiting for. And I was behaving more suggestively in that hour than I had my whole life, licking and sucking my fingers, rubbing and caressing my breasts, doing everything you instructed. I was your slut and you wanted the world to know that as much as I did. For the first time the whole evening, you began to show how turned on you were, too. It made me feel so high to know I could do that to you.

But that didn't change how badly I wanted you to fuck me right there and then.

We cut dinner short and now I know why you insisted on taking a train instead of a cab home. For the first time tonight, I can feel your erection against me and I wanted it more than ever. You have me pinned against the wall of the dim area adjoining two compartments. All the vibrations of the train seem to centre here and drive me crazy. This spot is relatively private but not invisible. If people look, they will still see what you are doing to me. 

"You such a hot slut, Nita, and I just want to fuck you so hard for being such a whore. You are my mine, do you understand?" I nod, sucking your fingers gently as you caress my face. The tone of your voice was indescribably sexy but I did not expect it. You grab my hair firmly and jerk my head back, bringing my eyes up to meet yours. I gasp in surprise at your sudden roughness.

"Not like that. I want you to look into my eyes and tell me you are my slut, Nita, loud enough for these people to hear." I look around our train compartment and notice the remaining four or five people staring in our direction. "I am your slut and yours alone." "I don't think they heard." I stare into your eyes intently and repeat each syllable louder, believing it completely myself. You looked at me with a look of pure, unforgettable lust that shot straight through my body down to my pussy.

You pull the string holding my halter top together behind my neck, letting it fall short, barely covering my hard dark brown nipples. The only thing holding the top in place was the knot at the back. Kissing my collarbone, working your way down to my breasts, I feel your hands glide to my back, undoing the remaining knot. You yank the undone top from between us. My jacket doesn't cover quite enough and I feel your body rubbing against my breasts, my hard nipples pushing back into your flesh. "Honey, people can see us…" I almost plead. "So what, they can only look. Can't do a thing about it. Trust me, Nita. Just relax. Didn't the movie teach you that this will just come across as making out? Just don't be too loud"

I smiled. It did make some sense and even if it didn't, I needed you so intensely, logic was of secondary importance anyway. I wrap my arms around you and straddle your thigh, my naked pussy and aching clit in direct contact with the rough material of your denims. You slide your hand into my soaking slit and rub my clit for a moment, then push my thighs apart, bringing my left thigh over your right, holding me up, using the wall behind me for support. My legs now straddling your hips, I feel that incredible bulge in your jeans pushing against my pussy. "Fuck me baby, please. I need your cock in me badly." I kiss your neck, breathing heavily against your skin, massaging the back of your head gently as you unzip your jeans, your erection springing free, nudging against my clit.

You guide your hot thick cock over my slit, your pre-cum mixing with my juices. "Oh god darling… mmmm" I have to keep myself in check, keeping my voice down as you push the swollen throbbing head of your cock into my tight hole. It resists your delicious stretching initially but you force your way inch by inch, driving yourself completely into me.

My breathing is laboured and I feel like screaming, grabbing and scratching you like a cheap whore but you shush me up gently, reducing me to moans of pure ecstasy. Not being able to do that given the situation makes it even hotter. The vibrations of the train travel up, shooting through every part of our bodies, magnifying all the sensations. I lock my lips on your neck, sucking and nibbling on it as you slide in and out of me. You ram your cock back into me each time with all your strength, grabbing my hips firmly and pushing me down, burying your cock in me to the hilt, mixing the pleasure with pain. I lose track of how many stations we pass, missing ours as you keep pounding me, bringing me closer to the the edge.

"Oh yesss cum for me," I squeeze my pussy around you, milking you, wanting you to cum for me. I know both of us can't hold out any longer. My body tenses completely around you as I grab your face and kiss you hungrily. My orgasm hits me, rippling through my arched body. Wave after mind-blowing wave crash through me like pure paradise. Both of us are moaning, groaning, almost screaming into the kiss. I feel you stop short with the effort as you cum inside me, shooting your cum deep into my womb.

I look into your face and I finally know exactly how it feels to be yours completely. Holding on to you, I hear you whisper "I love you, Nita", stroking my hair. And I know this is where I belong.

Two stops later, you carry me out of the train in that position, triumphantly, exhausted but completely satisfied, with the other passengers gaping at us in disbelief.

Electric Geisha 2003 ©

* * * * *

To my honey, you have no idea how much I wish we could make this come true. I still hope I turn you on and make you happy darling *muak*

* * * * *