 This story is pretty basic. The male lead is, as always, based off of someone real (real sexy). And have you ever been kissed by someone that's been drinking RumChata? They should probably just call it "YumChata" and be done with it. 

***** 

His hair was a dark blonde, short, and tidy in a simple barber cut that maybe ran him $12 with tip. When I first met him I thought that his eyes were blue, but upon further and closer investigation, I realized that only the outer edges were a typical icy hue. Half-way in, they began to hint at a true, rich forest green. When he smiled, he would show off his ivory-white imperfectly straight teeth. When he wasn't smiling, the corners of his mouth were subtly turned upwards. His lips were soft-looking and full, but not too full. They didn't distract from those not-just-blue eyes. A day's worth of scruff dusted his chin and jaw. Near his right ear, on his cheek, there was a white, thin line- a scar- about an inch long, horizontally placed most likely from some work-related accident. It looked like it probably had required stitches. The cool winter air had turned the skin of his cheeks a bright pink that still lingered, despite the warmth of the room. 

This novel-worthy description flashed though my head faster than water held in a paper bag as I watched him- Galvin- take a large gulp from the bottle of RumChata he held in his left hand and wipe his mouth with his right. He offered me the bottle. I switched my beer to my left hand and took a modest sip of the cinnamon-y liquor before handing it back. Galvin smiled at me, before continuing the loud conversation he was having with a Jason and Matt about an old truck Matt was restoring. We were in the kitchen of the house that Jason and Galvin shared. The current yelling on carburetors ("stock carb" this, "buying one on eBay," that) was uninteresting to me, but I was more than satisfied to stand there and just be near Galvin. I was also more than tipsy at this point, but it was nice. I knew I had a smile plastered on my face and the room felt very warm as it always does after I've had a few. I took another sip of beer. 

I was mildly aware of Matt's phone buzzing then, as he pulled it out of the front pocket of his very dirty jeans and flipped it open. 

"My lady wants me home," he sighed. "I gotta go." Lifting his Busch Light can to his lips, he downed the rest of it quickly and threw the empty in the garbage under the kitchen sink. 

"She must want some," Jason laughed. 

"Good one," I put in, smiling at Matt as he headed out the side door. 

"See you fuckers later!" he called from outside, before the door slammed shut. We heard the engine of his old Chevy pickup start and I turned back around. 

"Kelly will be here soon," Jason said, plopping down in a chair he pulled out noisily from the table. He unlaced his boots and yanked them off. My nose wrinkled at the thought of the tall blonde. "I know, Lena. She's a real bitch. But she's a good fuck," he teased. He stood up, removing his hat and smoothing his dark hair before casually tossing the hat onto the table and pushing in his seat. "Don't get too crazy, kids," Jason directed at Galvin and I as he grabbed another Busch from the fridge and sauntered off to his room down the hall. I sighed and pushed my hair back behind my shoulder. I gestured for the bottle of liquor still in Galvin's hand and he handed to me. I took a sip. 

"So..." I trailed off, keeping my eyes focused on the wall above the stove. I didn't want to go home, dammit! 

"Want to watch a movie?" Galvin asked, taking back the bottle. He unscrewed the gold cap and set it down rather forcefully on the table. "We don't need this." 

"Sure," I said, smiling and licking the dribble of RumChata I'd almost forgot to from my lip. I laughed a little and watched him tilt his head back and take another big draw from the white bottle. He flashed that smile at me and I felt a sharp tingle shoot down the back of my neck. I followed him down the hallway silently, and only running into the wall a little bit. His room was a pale green color and there were posters of cars and a Hooters calendar on the wall near the window. Jesus, I thought they'd put their A-game on the first month of the year! 

I flopped down on the bed (a mattress on the floor and blue sheets and about six pillows) with a sigh, my beer spilling a little onto my jeans. I didn't say anything or really even care, because when I looked up, mouth open to speak, I saw Galvin pulling up his maroon, dirty work hoodie up over his head. His orange "Short Racing, #23" shirt rode up a little on his hip and my brain was back to that novel-worthy describing again, but with my further-intoxicated self, already less eloquent. 

His skin was perfectly pale and smooth-looking, something I wanted to touch so badly. He was maybe six feet tall and slightly stocky in a masculine, very attractive way. I just wanted to jump on him and rip that stupid orange shirt off. 

"I wonder what he looks like with it off," I mumbled to myself. As soon as I muttered those words, I know I turned a shade of hot pink that was very noticeable even in the dim light of the bedside car-themed lamp. 

"What?" he looked up from the drawer he had begun digging through in a dresser topped with old beer cans, Copenhagen tins, and car parts. 

"What?" I said in a small voice, sipping my beer. 

"What did you just say?" he asked, pulling a pair of green plaid pajama pants out of the drawer and standing upright. I looked around the room as if the pile of dirty laundry by the closet or the beat-to- shit lime-covered boots under the window would help me find something to say. I set my can next to the car lamp and grabbed a pillow off the bed and held it in my lap. The room was silent. I picked up my beer again and took another sip as I thought of a good response. 

"I didn't say shit," I said, in a really sloppy southern accent. Galvin laughed. I chucked the pillow in my lap at his face, but thanks to my wimpy girl arms, and plenty of alcohol, it him somewhere in the thigh region. As soon as it landed, the RumChata bottle was set on the dresser amid the dip cans and he came at me, tackling me to the bed. My beer went flying and smacked against the wall and I squealed loudly. Galvin emitted something between a yell and growl. I tilted my head back and looked at the mess the beer made on the unmade bed, wall, and now carpet. Foamy liquid pooled on the floor. 

"What the hell?" I heard Jason shout from his room, which must have been on the other side of the wall. 

We broke into laughter. Galvin rolled off me and grabbed the can from the floor. He set it next to the car lamp and stood from the bed. I sat up and picked up the pillow from where it innocently landed on the floor. 

"I'm going to put these on," Galvin said, picking up the pajamas that had also fallen onto the floor. 

"Ok," I replied. He began to unbuckle his belt and undo his dirty jeans. My brain began freaking out, but thanks to the beers and a little RumChata, my face stayed neutral. He quickly discarded his jeans into the same heap his hoodie had landed in and was left in a pair of black boxer briefs that had me nearly drooling. I never thought I'd be seeing him in this little clothing. I felt the temperature in the room rising rapidly. But he was redressed in those fucking green pajama pants about ten seconds later. Shit. 

"Are you ok with..." Galvin trailed off as he stumbled toward the TV. Multiple DVDs were scattered over the stand the screen sat atop. "How about...Step Brothers? No. How about Silent Hill?" 

"Whatever works," I giggled. Fuck, I sounded drunk. Galvin picked up a disc and popped it in after turning on the television and DVD player. The previews began. He moved over to the dresser and picked up the liquor bottle before he joined me on the bed, reclining back against probably three pillows. I removed my jacket and reclined also. 

"Do you want any more?" He asked me, shaking what I heard to be a close-to-empty bottle. 

"No," I said in a small voice, nonchalantly arranging myself a little closer to Galvin as I lay back again. Our arms touched. His skin felt hot and it sent another tingle down the back of my neck. 

"Ok." Galvin put the bottle to his lips and tilted his head back, emptying the contents. He reached around me, wiping his mouth, and set it on the dresser, next to my spilled beer. "I'm too lazy to get the remote," Galvin griped. I was up in a split second, and I grabbed the remote that sat on top of the player before crawling back onto the mattress. I dropped it on his chest and lay back down, even closer now, my leg draped over his. Galvin squinted and focused on the remote as he picked it up. He skipped the previews and tucked the remote under the pillow. 

The movie began and we lay there in silence. I was hardly watching between my buzz and the fact that a man that I'd been lusting after for over a year was laying with me in his bed. I was beginning to feel overly warm and I wished I had another beer to distract me. 

About twenty minutes went by before Galvin shifted his body so that he lay on his side, facing me. I opened my mouth to speak, but I didn't have a chance. He grabbed my hip and pulled me closer, his lips inches from mine. 

"Why won't you kiss me?" he asked in a low voice. 

"What? I never said I wouldn't kiss you!" I exclaimed quietly. I gripped his arm lightly. I mentally thanked the booze for making me bold. 

"Then do it," he said. But then he kissed me and I was instantly into it. I put my arm around his neck and pushed my fingers into his hair. It was soft and I pressed my lips against him harder. Galvin's mouth was warm and he tasted just like that sweet rum liquor. I didn't even try to stop the quiet moan that came from my throat. He pulled me roughly by the hip into him and his tongue slipped into my mouth. Everything else fell away and all I could process was Galvin's body pressed against mine and Galvin's mouth. 

His lips trailed down my neck and his breath in my ear made me tingle all over. Sliding his hand under my shirt, he stroked my skin gently. I whimpered again. 

"I want you so bad," Galvin breathed close to my ear. His hand went to my jeans and undid the button. The zipper quickly followed. 

"Galvin," I said in a small voice, helping him pull my jeans down my thighs. I planted my hand on his chest which felt solid and hot under my palm and pushed him back so I could sit up. He sat up with me and pressed his lips to mine again, clearly eager for more. I lifted the hem of my purple v-neck and lifted, breaking the kiss. As soon as the shirt was over my head, he was back with hands behind my back, fumbling with the hooks of my bra. When he had it undone, I tossed the garment behind me to some random spot, just like my shirt. His hands immediately went to my chest, squeezing gently, then harder. I gasped as he pinched a nipple between his calloused fingers. Ducking his head down, he took the other into his mouth and sucked hard, rubbing it with his tongue. I made a soft noise for him before pushing him back again. "Take your shirt off." 

Galvin ripped his shirt off of his body and cast it aside, near the foot of the bed. My eyes scanned his smooth chest and belly and I mentally screamed. He was gorgeous under that shirt! He took advantage of my lack of movement, pushing me onto my back roughly and yanking off my shoes and my pants from my legs. The rainbow zebra-printed thong I was wearing quickly followed. I was already breathing hard as he stood at the side of the bed and in one move, pushed down his pants and boxers as his eyes slid down my body. Dear lord, my eyes almost popped out of my face. His hips and thighs were deliciously muscular, covered in smooth, pale skin, and that cock, already hard... I wanted it. No. Needed it. Now. 

"Give it to me," I demanded, reaching for him. Galvin didn't need further encouragement. He crawled on top of me, resting his weight on my body and pressing his lips to mine. I sucked on his bottom lip and ran my hands down his back. His skin was so warm and he even felt gorgeous under my palms. I squeezed his hips before propping up my feet around him. He groaned into my mouth. Left hand tangling into my hair, he pulled back and looked at me. I looked into his pretty blue-green eyes and bit my own lip. 

"Let me eat you," he whispered. 

"No. Just fuck me," I pulled his head close and kissed him hard. Galvin moaned again and took a sharp breath. His hips had already begun moving against mine harshly. "Galvin," I sighed. Trailing kisses across my cheek and down my throat, he took hold of his hard cock and pressed it to my already wet opening. I was soaked and I gasped when he made contact. I gripped his forearms tightly and watched his face as he pushed forward. I dug my fingernails into his skin hard as he struggled to bury himself completely. I was already in heaven. 

"Shit, Lena," Galvin collapsed onto me, and he picked up a slow, easy pace as I adjusted to his cock inside me. He hid his face in my neck and kissed the skin there as I squeezed his ass hard, urging him to go faster. Galvin obliged and soon, he was going hard enough for the room to be filled with the sound of skin on skin and our hard breathing. I clung to his body, which was covered in a fine film of sweat now. He moaned in my ear as I clenched my muscles around him. 

"I want to be on top," I forced out between pants. "Please," I whined. Galvin grunted in response and he gripped me tightly before kneeling up on the bed and flipping us over. I moaned as I plopped down on his lap, completely impaled. Immediately, I was rocking my hips back and forth, hands planted on his chest, which flexed as I applied pressure. He gripped my thighs and I let my head fall back, focusing on the way he felt. 

My orgasm hit me suddenly, like running face-first into a brick wall. My whole body tensed and I gripped his shoulders hard. I couldn't even make a sound, but Galvin grunted loudly and I felt him shudder underneath me as I came. He growled and reached up, grabbing a fist full of my hair and pulling hard. I arched backwards with a gasp. 

"I'm going to bend you over and fuck you hard," he said through gritted teeth. The ceiling was out of focus for me as he thrust upwards hard twice, three times. I gasped, again, now super sensitive. Galvin's palm connected with my ass, smacking it hard and I moaned. I knew Jason was probably hearing us at this point, but I couldn't find a single part of me that cared, and I didn't bother to try. 

He released my hair and I quickly moved off of him, moaning quietly as he slipped from me. Galvin pushed his body up and stood on his knees. I remained on all fours but scooted back and moved my legs around his. "Fuck," he breathed and I felt his hands slide up my thighs, across my cheeks, before they settled on my hips, gripping roughly. He pressed his body against mine and leaned over me. His hot breath tickled the tops of my shoulder. "Put me in." 

My eyes slipped shut and I bit my lip. Under my body, I reached for his cock. When I found it with my fingertips, Galvin's breath hitched. I squeezed it gently before pushing it against my slippery opening. Wetness covered my inner thighs now, and I whimpered into the sheets below me as he pushed in hard. 

Galvin started a quick pace that had me unable to stay quiet. I couldn't stop his name from bubbling out of my mouth over and over. The only thing I could focus on was the way he felt and the noises he made. My entire body tingled sharply and my eyes stayed closed because keeping them open seemed pointless. I imagined the expression on his face as he released a low groan and he raked his fingers down my back, from the top of my back to my ass before he squeezed it hard. I moaned. 

"Lena," he forced out. My body jerked forward with every thrust he made. "I'm gonna come." I reached back and gripped his fingers as they dug into my skin. He was using enough force to bruise, but my lust and alcohol-clouded mind loved it. I let my face rest on the bed and with my other hand, I skimmed his thigh with my fingertips. I felt him twitch inside me. He bent forward and pressed his lips to the side of my neck. Galvin's thrusts slowed and became uneven. His teeth were sharp in my flesh as he bit the spot below my ear and I half gasped-half moaned. 

"Do it," I urged, catching his leg with my fingers in a way that I knew would sting. He growled and kissed the spot he had bitten on my neck. He moaned loudly in my ear and suddenly pulled backwards, taking his hard cock into his hand and spilling himself all over my left ass cheek. I whined at the abrupt loss of him and he rested his damp forehead on my back as he panted hard. 

"Fuck," Galvin swore, swallowing audibly. I groaned and propped my upper body up again on my arms. He sat up and reached for his nearby t-shirt and carefully wiped up the mess he'd made on my ass. I remained still until he lay down on his back next to me. My entire body felt like jell-o. 

"That felt...so good," I said. I looked at him and couldn't keep away the ridiculously huge grin that broke out on my face. 

"Yes it did!" he agreed before reaching down and smacking my thigh. I let my body fall to the bed with a soft grunt as the air was forced from my lungs. 

"You dick," I quipped. In the background I could hear that the movie was still going, about half-way through. 

"But you love me anyway." Galvin still panted. 

"That is true," I shrugged, still smiling. 

"Hey, if we hurry up, I bet we can make it to the fridge and back before Kelly gets here," Galvin said excitedly. He got up quickly from bed and I followed him. I was still feeling a bit buzzed now and I could tell he was too, but I could definitely use another beer. 

I laughed at the fact that here we were, pressed up to Galvin's bedroom door as he peered out the tiny crack he had pulled the door open to, completely naked, for a run to the fridge for another can of Busch Light. 

"Let me have a kiss first, though. I need it for luck," Galvin flashed me that gorgeous smile and pulled my body close to his. I wrapped my arms around his waist and pressed a soft kiss to his lips. He deepened it and his tongue touched my bottom lip briefly. He still tasted sweet, like that delicious opaque liquid he'd been drinking like water earlier. As our lips parted, and I looked into his eyes, I made a mental note to write the makers of RumChata a fan letter before Galvin pulled away and yanked open to door. He walked hurriedly down the hallway, pulling me close behind. I looked at his naked body, a small smile on my lips as he tugged me along to the kitchen. Mmmmm, that ass!