 After his first beer, he told his friend that he’d “never screw such a slut.”  After his third, he noticed the glares she was getting from the other girls on the dance floor.  After his sixth beer, he saw that her lipstick had little bits of blue and purple glitter, and he wondered what that lipstick would look like on his cock.

	And after his seventh beer, Brent decided he’d take the slut for a ride.

	He watched her grind against two or three different frat guys; he stayed near the staircase and made more lewd comments to his buddies.  All he was really doing was biding his time; watching her move that tight ass in her jeans.  He loved the way she’d put her hands above her short blonde cut, and every so often, sink them into her hair and thrash her head around as if she was cumming right there on the floor.  His cock had been hard for the past fifteen minutes and was throbbing at the thought of seeing if all the rumors were true.

	“Oral Annie,” was one name, “Annie Anallover” was another.  One story said that while she was being fucked in the ass, she begged the guy to take his cock out and shove it in her mouth.

	If that’s what she wanted, Brent thought…and then, he noticed her move off the floor and down the hallway.  He followed, and saw her walk into the bathroom.  Brent chugged down the last bit of beer, looked around, and strolled in after her.

	He noticed that no one else was there, and he walked to the stalls.  He could hear her peeing and he pushed open the door hurriedly, as if it was an accident.

	“Oh—sorry,” he uttered, lamely trying to be embarrassed.  Annie, with her jeans around her ankles, took a quick breath and blushed, but that soon turned into anger.

	“What the fuck asshole?!!” she yelled.

	He first apologized, and for a second, he felt ashamed.  And then he remembered who he was talking to here---Oral Annie.  He let out a laugh.

	“What the hell are you doing?” she asked.  “Do you wanna take a fucking picture? Get out!” She leaned forward and tried to push him out of the stall with the door.  Brent didn’t move.

	“Oh please…do you really want me to go?” he said with his best smile.

	“What??”

	“Come on, Annie….do you really want me to leave?” Brent reached down and put a hand around the bulge in his pants.  “I’ve heard about you Annie…and I’ve got something for you.”  

	Annie’s face turned even redder for a moment, and it appeared that she was about to scream bloody murder.  But then, suddenly, her face relaxed, and a smile spread across her lips.  She leaned back on the toilet and looked Brent in the eyes.

	“You do?” she whispered.  “Well…in that case…If you’ve heard about me, you know I want it.  But not here, tiger…give me a minute to clean up.  Go down the hall to the laundry room and wait for me…okay?”

	Brent smiled wider, squeezed the bulge again, and said something about how “she was really going to take all of it” or “he was really going to give it to her” or something to that effect.  Annie licked her lips, bit her lower lip, and purred,	

	“It’s already wet.”

	Brent walked down the hall, his mind racing with images…Annie’s dirty little mouth circling the head of his cock….her hands pulling back the cheeks of her ass, begging him to put his cock inside…his cock smacking the sides of her face, and her eyes looking at him and pleading for more.

	The laundry room just made his cock harder and his mind work faster.  There was the dryer that he’d put her on, holding her legs up on his shoulders.  And there was the washing machine that he’d make her put her head in as he fucked her doggystyle.  His cock throbbed so bad that he unzipped his fly…he had to touch it.

	“Ah-ah-ah,” he heard from the doorway, and Annie came in.  “I don’t want you to touch that big hard cock of yours…it’s allllllllll mine.”  He laughed in surprise, but he soon regained his composure.

	“That’s right it is.  You’re going to have all this cock tonight baby,” he bragged.

	She moved closer to him and rubbed her hand up and down his chest, starting to pull his shirt from his pants.

	“What’s your name?” she whispered.

	“Brent.”

	“Mmmm……..Brent,” she cooed, the hand moving to his pants. “and tell me Brent, what have you heard about me?” 

	“Heard? Well…ummm…..I heard you really like sex.”

	“Oh come on Brent.  You’re a big boy, you can tell me what you heard.”  Her hand was now loosening his belt.

	“I heard that you really love cock….and….”

	“That I love to suck it?” She pulled the belt out from his pants.

	“Yes…and that you once….ummm…”

	“What did you hear?  That I like to be fucked in the asshole?”  She smiled as she said it, unbuttoned Brent’s pants, and pushed them down to his ankles.

	“Yes.”

	“And that one time, I begged a guy to take his cock out of my ass and cum in my mouth?”  

	“Yessss…” he uttered as her hand found his cock and gave it a soft squeeze.

	Annie let out a little laugh, and then a sigh.  She took the belt with both hands, made a loop with it, and cinched it.  She then leaned forward and put her lips close to Brent’s ear.

	“You know Brent,” she whispered as her hands slid the belt loop around his cock, “I do love to suck cock.  And I do love a man to squeeze it into my ass.”  He nervously laughed, looking at the belt holding his cock like a leash, her hand pulling it up like it was her pet.

	“But one thing that I don’t like,” she whispered, and gave the belt a sharp, strong tug upward, “is when you fucking jocks,” a stronger, tighter pull this time, “ONLY THINK OF US AS HOLES FOR YOUR COCK!!”

	With this she pulled the belt hard upward in a quick series of thrusts, and Brent gasped immediately following each tug.  Her sly smile was gone, replaced with furrowed brows and clenched teeth.

	“Let me guess, Oral Annie? Is that right, dickhead??” she demanded.  Brent first shook his head no, but another tug got the truth.  “And you wanted to see if it was true?  All the dirty lies you and your jock asshole friends jerk off to in the showers??”

	“Yes—yes!” 

	“I thought so.” She moved her other hand up to his naked chest, and dug a nail into his nipple.  He winced, and began to apologize, but she cut him off sharply.  “Don’t give me fucking sorry Brent…you’ve done this shit for four years now.  If it wasn’t me, it’d be some other girl, at some other party.  Tell me Brent—what did you think was going to happen, huh?”

	He struggled and stammered, only repeating that he was sorry.  Annie clenched two fingers around a nipple and began to pinch, telling him to quit with the fucking sorrys and tell her what he intended to do to her.

	“Did you think I’d let you put your cock in my ass?  Between my tits maybe?”  

	Brent just wanted to get out of there, fast.  Her questions didn’t register anymore, they were just muffled by the pain he felt in his cock and his chest.  But then, he noticed that she was leaning over….bending at her hips…and she was saying something.

	“Did you hear me Brent?  I said, did you think I was going to swallow your cock?”  He muffled something, unsure if this was some sort of trick.  But soon she hovered over the head of his dick, breathing on it, and soon planting little kisses on it.

	“Truth is,” she said between kisses, holding the cock up by the belt, “I’m not much of a suck girl…the type who gently lick up and down your cock, look you in the eye and say ‘it’s so big’ and all that bullshit.  Me, I’m more like—”  

Annie softly put her teeth into the head of Brent’s cock; biting it just hard enough that she could feel a bit of precum cum spurting out onto her tongue.  She licked his head clean, then jerked head up and looked in his eyes.

“Don’t tell me you’re going to fucking cum already, Brent.  I’d expect more out of a big bad football stud like you.”  He mumbled no, that he wasn’t ready, but she cut him off again.  “How about it, Brent?  Are you a limp dick? Huh?  Let’s see.”

She knelt down, still keeping his cock hostage by pulling it upward with the belt, but his dick was standing straight up now.  Annie took one long lick—from his balls to the tip of the head—and then sunk his dick into her mouth.  He could feel her tongue relaxing, coaxing his cock back farther and farther, and soft gurgling noises emerged from her throat.  Then, she slowly moved back up, her tongue darting back and forth on its underside.

	Annie suddenly bobbed up and down on the cock; six, seven times, and then held it all in her mouth again.   This time, however, she let each inch out with a strong bite.  When she got to the head, she pulled his cock to the side and looked up at Brent.  He was breathing heavily, his eyes glued to her, and she noticed sweat on his forehead and chest.

	Annie pulled the belt to the right, which pointed the cock sideways.  She opened her mouth and leaned closer to it, then stopped and locked her eyes with his.

	“Most of you cavemen think that when a woman likes to suck cock, or likes fucking, that we like you too---that we adore and worship you.”  She sank her teeth down on the side cock, squeezing, and shook her head gently from side to side.  “Uh-uh.  Some of us just like cock—and can do without the rest of the bullshit that comes along with it.”

	Her teeth squeezed down again, then vanished, replaced with her lips and eager tongue again.  Annie then quickly moved the cock around again, and swallowed it hole, jerking her head even more furiously this time.  Brent was panting now, moving his hips back and forth, trying to push his hips further into Annie.  She suddenly stopped, frozen, with his cock in her mouth and looked at him.

	“Did I tell you to pump my mouth?!” she mumbled, her mouth full.  He nervously shook his head no and started to apologize again.  Her teeth sunk into his cock, harder than before, as if she was actually trying to bite it, and she uttered, “don’t fucking apologize!”

	That seemed to be too much, as Brent let out a loud groan and cum erupted into Annie’s mouth.  She groaned as well, but her’s was in frustration and not relief, but her lips stuck on Brent’s cock.   Her tongue massaged it, and the sucking and swallowing sounds that came from below made Brent come close to fainting.

	Annie let the belt go and leaned back, watching the cock fall in front of her.

	“Fucking figures,” she said, slapping his cock, “all that big talk and you cum like you’re in junior high.”  She stood up then and leaned in close to his face, while at the same time unbuckling her jeans and sliding her legs out of them.  “But guess what Brent?  You’re not done.”

	He laughed a little and looked down at his cock.

	“Uhhh…I’d say you pretty much finished me for the week, Annie.”  She slapped him across the face, hard.

	“I’m not going to fucking get you off again asshole---I didn’t mean to that time, you’re just a fucking minuteman.  You’re going to make me cum, shithead!”  He raised his eyebrows and tried to say something, but she grabbed the belt and tugged at it, sending sharp pain through his soft dick.

	Annie told him to lay down, and quickly told him if he didn’t do it quick, she wouldn’t hesitate to use the belt.  Brent got down on his back, his pants still around his ankles and his shirt open, and watched as Annie straddled him.  She turned around, his ass to his face, and squatted down.

	“Now…you have seen a pussy up close, haven’t you Brent?  I mean, not just in one of your jerkoff mags?  Good….then you’ll know what to do, won’t you?”

	She moved back so that her warm lips hovered an inch away from his face.  Brent craned his neck and licked her lips softly, from front to back.  He continued, giving soft, gentle kisses on her pussy and her thighs, but soon, he felt his cock being wrenched upward.

	“I’m not one of your fucking cheerleaders---come on!!”  

	Annie pushed her pussy down onto his face, and he pushed his tongue as far up into her as he could manage.  With that, she started to move her hips back and forth across his mouth, letting out little moans as his tongue licked her inside walls.  When his lips found her clit, she demanded he first put it between his lips and suck it….and then, put it between his teeth and bite gently.

	Brent held her clit with his teeth, and slowly nudged his nose up under her asshole.  Annie, feeling this, pushed her ass down farther, and the tip of his nose pushed on the pink button.  A low, guttural sound came from Annie, and she tilted her head back.	

	“’Bout fucking time,” she uttered.

	He pushed his nose in further, and moved his tongue back to her lips…sucking them, holding them for a bit, then releasing them.

	“What else do you boys call me?” Annie whispered between her own heavy breaths.  “The other name you jackoffs have for me…Anallover, right?”  Brent mumbled yes underneath her cunt, and she dug her nails into his thighs.  “Then what the fuck do you think I want you to do?!!”

	Brent moved his tongue to her asshole, and first licked the pink button up and down.  It opened for just a moment, the same moment he could hear Annie exhale loudly.  It was this, the sight of her asshole opening up and her obvious enjoyment, that began to make him hard again.  

	“Well look at this…Has limp dick returned?”  She bat his cock around with three fingers, and he stuck his tongue further into her asshole.  The warm, musky scent hit his nose and his tongue probed further.  Her grunts and moans were soon interrupted---she spit on her hand, wrapped it around his cock and started to stroke it back to life.

	“Come on asshole…lick my cunt…and put a finger in my ass---now!!”

	Brent lapped at her pussy, feeling the clit was even harder than before, and he pushed her button with his thumb.  He’d only touched a woman’s asshole once before, and he tried to move slowly, gently; Annie soon pushed her hips back, and her asshole surrounded his finger and sucked it in.

	“Uggghhhhhyeessssssss…” she moaned, and started to buck her body back and forth.  His thumb seemed stuck, as if he couldn’t get it out if he wanted to.  His attention was divided now---between tickling her clit with his tongue, pushing his thumb into the knuckle, and his stiff cock that her wet hand was jerking.

	“Do it you bastard---push it in me….yess…yes…” she moaned, and Brent sucked harder on her lips.  He knew she would cum soon---her jerks and tugs on his cock were becoming more hurried.  He quickly took his thumb out, licked his index and middle finger, and pushed them inside instead.

	“FUCCKKK!” she groaned, and he pumped his two fingers in as deep as he could, then sliding them out again.  Annie moved her ass down hard, bring her pussy down onto his mouth and nose at the same time, and he could feel her hips shake.  A split second later, he could feel her cum on his tongue and her ass clench hard around his fingers, squeezing them and keeping them there. 

	“Uggghhhhh…..oooohhhhhhhh…,” she uttered as she stopped stroking his cock and squeezed it hard.  “Mmmmm….”

	Breathing heavy, Annie let out a deep breath and gave Brent’s cock a slap.  He grunted, and moved his hips upward, hoping that she would possibly turn around and sit on it, or possibly—hopefully—suck him off again.

	Instead, she stood up and walked to his feet.  She picked up her jeans, slid her feet in each leg, and looked down at him.

	“Let me give you some advice, Brent.  First, don’t judge people by what you hear.  Usually these campus stories aren’t true.  Second, don’t ever interrupt a girl while she’s peeing.”

	Afterwards, when she remembered this, she figured he probably didn’t hear anything she had told him.  Mainly she thought this because of what he asked her next.

	“Annie?? Ummm…what about….this?” he asked, pointing to his stiff cock.  She grinned and laughed.

	“What about it?  I’ve no need for it now.”  He let out a whine and was about to beg her to stay, but she quickly opened the door and looked back.

	“So Brent, how does it feel to be treated like a slut?” she said right before she closed the door.