 Pamela was the best looking girl on the Speech and Debate team.  I noticed, the guys on our team noticed the guys on other teams noticed.  When we were at competitions I felt honored to even be in her presence.  I’d always thought that surrounding yourself with attractive women drew still more attractive women, and, with Pam at least, it seemed to work.  If we were at an event I seemed to have a better chance talking to attractive opponents if she was around.

Not that I didn’t have designs on Pam.  We’d shared a few moments, once on an out of town trip we had kissed in the doorway of her motel room after dinner.  I felt things were moving along nicely when she told goodnight and closed the door behind her.  We remained friends, seldom mentioning the incident.  Other advances were rebuffed and I resigned myself to the fact that she just wanted to be friends.  Sure, I was disappointed, but just being in her presence seemed to bump me up a notch in other girls’ eyes.  That would simply have to do.

We were at an out of town event; close enough to drive back home after the competition.  We piled on the bus early in the morning on a Saturday, deprived of one of the two days a High School student can sleep in.  I grabbed a seat near the rear of the bus.  I immediately noticed Pam as she came down the aisle.  She was tall, perhaps 5’8” with short curly blonde hair and an attractive figure.  She wore a long skirt that I liked and a tight fitting blouse that buttoned up the back.  The blouse accentuated her round C cup breasts.  She wore this outfit often for competition, it was probably my favorite.

“Mind if I have a seat?”  Pam stood over me in the aisle.

“Not at all.” I replied, “Window or aisle?”

She smiled and simply had a seat as I slid myself against the window.  We talked for the entire trip, making the 30 minute bus ride seem much shorter.  It was just small talk, strategy for the day’s events, who was dating whom, where we were going to have lunch.  I enjoyed the conversation; one thing about girls in Speech and Debate is that they are decent conversationalists.  I could never stand to be with a girl who couldn’t express herself intelligently.

We arrived at our destination and checked in.  Everyone wrote down their schedule of events.  Pam and I compared ours, agreeing to meet between events or sit in on each other’s competitions when possible.  It was a wonderful day, both of us performed well and stories flew back and forth, victories were analyzed, opponents’ faux pas were revealed.

After telling Pam I had reached the finals in one of my events, she excitedly kissed me on the mouth.  I looked at her for a moment, then grabbed her hand.  I wanted to kiss her some more and the hallway in a High School didn’t seem like the right place.

We took a little walk, hand in hand, talking little, simply gazing into each other’s eyes.  We found ourselves near the parking lot, our team bus a few steps away.  It was out of the way and presently unoccupied.  I led her to it and we shared a seat.

“I really like you,” I finally said, “you’re so funny and smart and pretty.”

“I like you too, I just always thought it would be weird to get involved with someone on the team.”

I kissed her mouth gently.  Her tongue worked its way into my mouth.  Being a High School boy, my cock instantly stiffened.  I kissed her back even more passionately.  I tried to hold onto her hands to keep myself out of trouble, but things began to spin out of control.  I began feeling her left breast with my right hand, she instantly responded to my touch, moaning softly and tipping her head back.  I dropped my lips and began nuzzling her sweet neck.

“Oh Baby!”  She gasped.  “That feels so good.”

I smiled as I continued to nuzzle.  My left hand reached out for her right tit, her nipple stiffened against the palm of my hand.  My cock was fully erect now and my hips began bucking slightly, involuntarily.  I felt a hand on my thigh, gently fondling me, moving slowly up my leg.

My own hand found its way under her skirt, stroking her supple thigh.  I thought of the women I’d seen in porno magazines, desperately wishing that she was wearing stockings instead of the pantyhose normal girls wore.  My wish didn’t come true, I realized, when my finger reached the crotch of her pantyhose.  Damn the man who invented these things!

Meanwhile, Pam’s hand continued its journey until finally reaching my hard tool.  I was afraid I’d come when she started tracing the outline of it through my pants with a single outstretched finger.  My head was swimming, I began to claw at the crotch of her panties, my mouth returned to hers.  I desired her bare flesh, but to get to her tits she’d have to completely remove her blouse as it buttoned up the back.  To get to her pussy I’d have to remove her pantyhose.  The constraints of being on a school bus, of time and of possibly being discovered made both options untenable.

Pam began fumbling with my belt.  My zipper was next, pants and underwear were pushed to my ankles.  She licked the palm of her hand then wrapped her fingers around my shaft.  Her rhythm was slow, designed to please me, not to release me.  I pulled my lips from hers.

“Oh, that’s amazing!”  I moaned.

“It felt like you needed a little help down here.”

“Yes.”

“Would you like some more help?”  I simply nodded.  “Tell me what you want.”

“Kiss it.”  I replied.  “Kiss it the way you kissed my mouth.”

She dropped her head to my cock.  She just breathed on it at first, then stuck a pointed tongue into the piss slit.  I thought I was going to lose control right then.

“Easy boy,” she cautioned, “don’t get off too early, I want you to enjoy this.”

I had heard rumors of Pam’s oral expertise.  High School boys are notorious for spreading rumors, true or untrue.  The sketchy reports I’d heard about Pam seemed to be founded.  She swirled her tongue around the engorged head of my cock then ran then her flattened tongue down the entire shaft.  She avoided my balls, which is just as well, I was very close to coming.

She gripped my cock tightly around the base with one had as she opened her mouth to take me.  She took me deep immediately, gripping the base tighter with her hand.  My cock now completely wet with her spit, she began sucking in earnest.  Loud slurping noises came from my groin as I watched her head bounce in my lap.  The feeling was amazing, I couldn’t believe I hadn’t come yet, her tight grip on me seemingly keeping me under control.

She once again began swirling her tongue as she sucked, a new sensation added to those already overwhelming my brain.  She released the base of my cock and dropped that hand to my balls, holding them loosely in her palm.  

“Oh shit!”  I cried.  “That’s amazing!”

She kept sucking, oblivious to anything other than the bloated cock in her mouth.  My hips began bucking again.  Her head followed trying not to be gagged on my pole.

“I’m getting close, baby!”  Her sucking simply continued, she gripped my balls a little.

Every other girl who’d gone down on me had insisted that I tell her when I was near my release.  I had spilled my load into wads of tissue, outstretched hands and once onto a pair of heaving breasts.  I had never come in a girl’s mouth.

“I’m going to come.”

“Mmm, Hmm!”  Was her only response, the vibrations yet another sensation my overly taxed brain couldn’t handle.

My hips drew back, pushing my ass deep into the bus seat.  Pam’s sucking mouth followed, lips locked on my member.  I thrust forward as I exploded, my cock driven to the back of Pam’s throat, gagging her.  Come flew out of her mouth as she coughed slightly, my cock spasming just outside of her mouth.  Another jet of come shot from me, hitting her in the chin.  Recovering now, Pam placed her forearm across my thighs, pushing me back onto the seat, holding me in place as her lips wrapped around my jerking cock just in time to take the third load.  And the fourth.  And the fifth, the sensation of her swallowing around my cock coaxing more jizz out of me.

She smiled as she looked up at me, come dripping from her chin.  I glanced at my own lap, covered in come.  I began to reach for a handkerchief, but Pam’s tongue was quicker, lapping up the mess we had left in my lap.  Finally, a finger went to her chin.  She scoped up most of my jizz and placed the finger in her mouth, moaning slightly.

At the age of eighteen, I received a blowjob from a pretty, young High School girl.  In the nearly twenty years since, many women have been good enough to go down on me, every experience has paled in comparison to the one Pam and I shared in the back of a school bus.