 Some of the best days of your life are totally unexpected. This is one of mine.

It started like any other. I went to work, worked, came home. I said hi to my girlfriend, but she was working hard on some assignment and didn't seem willing to be bothered. I left her alone and struggled to convince myself to go for a run.

You know that battle you have in your head every time you plan on exercising? The moments where you struggle to decide whether to cry off it or not? 

I had that hard that day. But eventually I caught a glimpse of myself in the mirror and remembered the fat boy I had once been, and decided to head off for a quick fiver. 

It was one of those late winter days where the sun has yet to winnow into the horizon and the low grey light seems to hover latently over the world. Clouds had gathered but the weather was not fully cold and so I left in a windbreaker and shorts, since I tended to heat up quickly.

It wasn't a bad run, all things considered. But if I were writing about the run, I wouldn't be posting my story here. 

I was nearing the end of the jog when I felt something racing at my heels. Alarmed, I stopped and saw that it was a jet-black dog, some kind of poodle thing. It jumped at my face and licked at my cheeks. 

"Aw, you're really friendly, aren't you?" I glanced around the street, but nobody had emerged to claim it. I held onto it by the collar, and though it kept jumping at me with the kind of pure joy that only dogs can muster, I managed to make out the number on its tag.

I had just begun to call the number when I heard a woman's voice calling. She rounded the corner of her house and she saw me with her dog and immediately smiled with relief.

"Is this your dog?" I asked.

She nodded and so I went to pull the dog across the street by the collar. When she wouldn't come, I just picked her up instead and brought her over to the woman.

As I got closer, I couldn't help but notice how beautiful this woman was. She was clearly around forty, but it was the kind of forty where whatever beauty she had in her youth was only heightened. Like a river running through the land until it makes itself last. 

She was thin and shorter than me, her hair dyed a deep black. It was cut around her ears into a kind-of pixie cut. Not the "I-want-to-speak-to-your-manager haircut," but a playful thing that seemed to defy age. When she smiled, deep dimples stretched across her face.

"Thank you so much," she said. I handed her the dog, who leapt and barked when she saw her owner. "I just was busy making dinner, and then she slipped out. I'm so glad you found her.

I smiled awkwardly. She was just so damn pretty. "I'm just glad I was there."

"Me too," she said. Then her eyes darted down, just for the briefest second. I became acutely aware of the wind blowing at my legs, revealed as they were by my short running shorts. 

I looked back at her, ready to say goodbye. 

She stopped me before I could. "Come inside," she said. "I want to thank you properly."

I stuttered, surprised and unable to speak. I nodded instead. She took my hand and I followed, powerless to resist. Her ass was perfectly round and wiggled as she walked. Yoga pants shaped and lifted it, and I found myself overwhelmed by the desire to grab it.

She looked back and caught me staring. She bit her lip, holding back another smile. God, she was cute. We had reached the storm door. She opened it and gestured that I should enter. I followed.

I found myself in a well-lit kitchen. The woman disappeared into the house for a moment, leading the dog with her. Then she returned. Her tank-top clung tightly to her chest, her breasts bouncing slightly as she moved.

"Ready for your reward?" she asked.

"What's my reward?" 

"It's better if I show you."

Then she was on me. Pushing my chest, she led me back up against the counter, pressing her body against mine. Her lips met mine and I started kissing her back, my tongue slipping forward to meet hers. Her hand began at my chest, then traced its way down my back to my ass. Her hand cupped my butt, firm as it was from all my running. She moaned into my mouth and brought her body even closer. 

She was so warm. I grabbed her ass with both hands and ground my cock into her waist. She moaned and then pulled back from kissing me, just for a moment. She gave me the perfect smile, the kind that makes men's knees tremble. We all know it. Her hand slipped from my ass to my cock, feeling the outline of it through my shorts. 

"You're already hard," she whispered. 

I only nodded. I couldn't do any more. Her hand had begun to stroke me, her grip soft and firm.

"Don't worry," she said. "I'll take care of you." 

I nodded again and she reached into my shorts and took my cock out.

"This is nice," she smiled. "I'm glad to see that looks weren't deceiving." She started stroking me while I was leaning against the counter. She stood there, fully dressed, her hand running up and down my dick. It was slow at first, so slow. Only her fingertips, glancing across me. I was harder then I had ever been in my life. 

I leaned in to kiss her and she stopped me, a hand on my chest.

"I'm in charge now," she said.

She stepped closer and started kissing at my neck, her hand now wrapped more fully around my cock. Her strokes were now faster and pre-cum had begun to leak from me. The soft slapping sound of my skin around my dickhead was all that could be heard, her kisses too imperceptibly gentle to make noise.

"Fuck," I moaned. "That feels amazing."

"Does it?" She grinned. "I couldn't tell."

"Will you suck it?" I asked her, hoping that I sounded bolder than I felt.

"Maybe," she said. She must have seen the look on my face, because she continued: "If you're a good boy, I'll be a good girl to you. Okay?"

I nodded. "Okay."

Her hand kept working at my dick. I felt the surge of pressure. I was so close to coming, but I wanted to hold out. I wanted to come in her mouth.

She must've known, though, because she then leaned in to my ear. Her hand began to stroke me faster and faster, twisting gently as it made its way up. Her other hand reached down to play with my balls. 

She began to whisper in my ear. "Do you have to come?" she whispered. Her voice was impossibly low, impossibly sultry.

I whimpered. "Yes," I said. "I really do."

It was so good. I felt pressure building everywhere. I was about to explode.

"Please suck me. Please. I wanna come so bad but I want to feel your mouth."

I could hear the glee in her voice. The amusement. "You want to come in my mouth?" I nodded. Her hand kept working. My dick was throbbing now, ready to release. "Down my throat? Do you hope some spills out, dribbling onto my tits?" Her hands fondled my balls.

"Yes. I want that."

I heard her smile. "Then come for me."

It was too much. I exploded with a low, guttural moan. My come leaped across the floor, her hand stroking the full length of my cock with each movement. The hand on my balls coaxed more and more out, and she echoed my moans with a sigh of her own. 

"That's it," she said. "Just keep coming for me."

And I did. When I was finally done, she got down on her knees, careful to avoid the mess I had made on the floor. She took my still-hard cock in her hand and gently wrapped her lips around the head. She locked eyes with me as she rolled her tongue around me, cleaning the stray drops of come away. Then she released me, smiling.

I stood in the kitchen, shorts around my knees, in complete exhaustion.

She laughed. It was a tinkly sound. I loved it.

"That was amazing," I gasped.

She smiled at me. Her hand strayed to her groin. "That made me really wet," she said, a little embarrassed.

I smiled back at her. "Maybe I can help you with that?" After what she had done to me, I was eager to see what her body looked like. What it could do.

"Maybe you can," she said. "But not today. My husband will be home soon." She ran her fingers along the length of my cock, teasing me. "But. . . I'd like to try this out." 

She walked to the fridge, wrote a number on the note-paper pasted to the front. 

"Here," she said, handing it to me. "Text me if you decide you want to pay me back." She winked. I suddenly had a vision of myself buried in her pussy, drinking her up. My head swam. 

She must've noticed, because she pointed at my cock. "Ready for more already?"

"Yeah." 

"Me too." She leaned forward, kissing me once more. I tasted my come on her lips. It was strangely hot. "But you gotta go."

I pulled up my pants. I was out the door before I stopped and turned. She was standing there. This time, she was clearly playing with her clit through her pants. Her face was flushed. It took everything I had not to risk it all and carry her back inside.

Instead, I spoke to her. "I just realized that I don't have your name."

"No, you don't," she said.

"Can I have it?"

She smiled again, that same beautiful smile. "Come back here and make me come. Then I'll give you my name." 

"Deal." I said.

Too stunned to say anything more, I waved a feeble goodbye. Then I walked the rest of the way home.