 It was late in the afternoon by the time I checked into my hotel room for a short stay in Tampa. Since it had been a long day I headed down to the bar for a good stiff drink to relax and cool off. It was too early for the business crowd and there was only one other person there, a young woman who appeared to be in her late teens or early twenties. The bartender was busy getting set up and told us she would be with us shortly.

a

There was something strangely interesting about the young woman sitting a few tables away. She was very plainly dressed in rather ill fitting, homemade cotton dress and smock, oxford type shoes with white socks folded down to her ankles. She looked like a country girl who just came to town. Her hair was braided and the braids were wrapped around the top of her head. She wore no make-up or jewelry. At first I thought she might be Amish but she did not wear the little white cap Amish women usually wear.

She looked my way several times and when I looked back and smiled she would lower her head as if embarrassed without smiling. I thought how silly it was to sit at separate tables since we were the only two people in the place so I moved over to her table. 

I started to introduce myself in my usual friendly way but for some strange reason without so much as a smile I almost demand, "What's your name?" 

She looked up briefly then lowered her head submissively saying, "Gretchen". 

Without asking I pulled out a chair and sat down. That wasn't like me at all. A waitress came over and asked what we wanted to drink and again without asking Gretchen I told her that we would have two bourbons with water. Gretchen did not show any sign of approval or disapproval. 

The waitress asked Gretchen for an ID and she produced a driver's license from the pocket of her smock. She gave it a quick look and handed it back. As soon as the waitress left our table I took the ID out of her pocket and gave it a close look, Then name on the driver's license was Gretchen and that she was twenty-one but it was clearly not the girl I was sitting beside. I slipped it back into the pocket of she smock and did not question her.

Our conversation, if you can call it that, was mostly my asking questions and Gretchen looking down and giving short, specific answers. For some strange reason I was becoming very comfortable being in control of the very submissive young girl and almost demanded information from her; she responded to my demands in a very submissive manner. 

Soon the bar was bustling with businessmen and women and Gretchen seemed to be relaxing a bit from the bourbon. My questions became more personal but she continued to respond. If she hesitated I would use a more demanding tone then she would respond. 

She hesitated and showed embarrassment when I asked if she was a virgin but she answered any way, "No." 

I asked her who took her virginity and she told me it was a neighbor who owned the farm beside her families' farm. 

When I asked how old she had been she responded, "I had just turned 18." 

I became more emboldened by her submissiveness and pushed the limits to see how far she would go. I asked, "Did you like it?" 

Her answer was, "Sorta." 

I moved my hand to her thigh and demanded, "Tell me about losing your virginity." She breathed deeply and sat quietly for several minutes then she began.

"My friend Ruben and I sneaked off from a community barn raising and went to a neighbor's barn. We were playing around in the hay, making out, and touching each other through our clothes. Ruben told me to unbutton his britches and touch him. After a few minutes of touching him I wanted to see what "it" looked like so I took "it" out and looked it over carefully before putting it back in his britches. Then he wanted to see up my dress so I let him lift it up and look between my legs. He moved the bottom of my panties aside so he could see everything then he started touching me with his fingers. His fingers felt so good touching me that I did not stop him. 

All of a sudden a deep voice hollered out, 'Boy what are you doing to that child?' 

It was Elder Dirkenmier, the owner of the barn. Ruben jumped up trying to button his britches as Elder Dirkenmier took a stick to him and chased him out of the barn. I quickly adjusted my panties and pulled my dress down by the time he turned back to me. 

His eyes were wild when he told me, 'Your daddy will be giving you a thrashing tonight.' I began crying. 

He moved closer to me and asked if that boy had damaged me. He was close enough to me that I could smell his saw dust and sweat covered clothes as I shook my head, no, even though I did not know what he meant by 'damaged'.

He looked me over as I begged him not to tell my father. I assured him that I had learned my lesson. 

He shook his head as he continued to look me over then said, 'My child I will have to make sure that boy did not damage you. Lift your dress up.' I didn't really want to but I had been taught to obey the church elders. 

I lifted my dress up to my waist and the elder looked me over before putting his hand low on the front of my panties and asked, 'Did that boy put his hand here child?' 

I nodded my head, yes. 

Then his fingers moved between my legs and he asked again, 'Did the boy touch you here child?' 

Again I nodded, yes. 

His hand moved into the waist band of my panties and pulled them down to my knees. He moved his fingers into my thick hair and opened my lips, asking, 'Did he touch you here child?' 

I nodded my head but did not let him know that it felt good just like it had when Ruben touched me there.

With his fingers still moving in the slit between my legs he asked, 'Child, did you also touch the boy's private places?' 

At first I hesitated I wanted to lie and say no but I nodded my head, yes. 

'Then show me where you touched him.' He demanded. 

I reached out to the front of his britches and laid my hand on his large object. 'Is that the only way you touched him?' he asked. 

I shook my head, no, and immediately wondered if I would have to touch him in his britches. I did not have to wonder long, he looked at me sternly and said, 

'Show me how you touched the boy.' My fingers shook as I tried to open his buttons before I reached into the elder's britches and touched his much larger staff. 

Almost immediately it jumped out the front of his britches without my help. The tip was covered with skin but something dark purple began to move out of the skin. It continued to crawl out of the skin and I noticed it had a slit on the very top. Except for the color it reminded me of our bull and how its long pinkish staff grew out of the bull's belly. 

'Did the boy make you kiss his staff?' 

I shook my head, no, but did not tell him that I would have if he had not caught us when he did.

The elder let me hold him in my hand for several minutes before he moved way and picked up a bale of hay and stacked it on top of another bale. I wondered what he was going to do when he took my arm and turned me to face the stack of bales. He directed me to bend across the bales then he lifted the back of my dress. I felt his big rough hands on my hips then my bottom. I turned my head to look back and saw him with his big staff in his hand moving it against me. 

His big staff moved between the cheeks of my bottom and into my lips. He moved the fully exposed purple head up and down and gave me great pleasure. Then I felt a great deal of pressure against my opening, I cried out to let him know of my discomfort. The discomfort was quickly replaced by a sudden stab of pain that made me cry out. I felt like I was being torn open then filled by a hot iron. Elder Dirkenmier held me tightly by my hips and thrust in me again and again. The pain was soon replaced by the pressure of being filled completely then by pleasure of his movement in and out of me. 

I heard him grunting then he pulled out of me and I felt a warm wet sensation on my cheeks. He stepped back and I saw his once large staff shrunken and covered with a slimy liquid. 

As he put his shrunken staff into his britches he said, 'We shall not speak of this to anyone my child. Do you understand?' 

I nodded my head in agreement as I felt the wet stuff cooling on my bottom. I cleaned myself with the hem of my dress then pulled up my panties."

I moved my hand over her thigh and asked, "Was that the only time the Elder fucked you?" 

She shook her head no and blushed at my vulgar language and then told me she had let him have her several times after that. 

She added, "He was a widower and had no wife to give him pleasure. He was kind to me so I wanted to give him pleasure." 

I asked, "Did he also give you pleasure?" 

"Yes, he gave me pleasure. He also let me take Ruben to his barn again, sometimes while he hid and watched us then he would take me again after Ruben left." 

I added, "It seems like you like to be 'taken' by men". 

She replied, "That is all I know I guess."

She surprised me again by asking my permission to go to the restroom. I consented but told her that she must do something for me, "When you go to relieve yourself you must remove your panties, fold them neatly and bring them back to me." 

She did not react or respond but got up and left the table. When she returned to the table, she sat down close beside me and discreetly handed me her neatly folded white cotton "granny" panties under the table. 

I lifted them to my nose and inhaled her scent and told her how much her scent excited me. "Reach over and touch me to see how much you excite me." 

Without hesitation or checking to see if anyone was looking she laid her hand in my lap and gently squeezed my cock. I could tell by the rise and fall of her chest that she was also getting excited. 

I asked, "Would you like me to fuck you?" 

Again she lowered her head, looked into her hands in her lap, and answered, "Yes"

With my hand on her thigh I started raising her long dress up just above her knees. I found out she did not shave her legs they were covered with downy soft hair. I told her that I wanted her to open her legs when the guys at the next table looked our way. I could see her already heavy breathing increase more as she waited for the right time. When one of the men looked our way she did as she was told and opened her legs. The man told her budies and they all looked our way. The men acknowledged her with a big smile and she turned back to me; her face was flushed with embarrassment and excitement.

We soon left the bar and headed to my room. We stood at the elevator briefly with several couples waiting for the ride up. When the doors opened we filed to the back as people filled the car. I put my hands on her hips as she stood in front of me during our ride and pulled her against my hard cock then moved one of her hands between us so she could feel me. 

After the first stop several people got off then we continued up again. I raised the back of her dress and exposed her bare ass against my front then moved my hand under her dress and around to her front. My fingers explored her pubic triangle before moving lower into the folds of her cunt. Others exited at the next stop and there was only one other person keeping us company, a business woman in her mid forties who looked at us standing against each other and smiled. I took a half step back and exposed Gretchen's ass, the woman blushed, smiled again and turned to face the door. When we exited the elevator I told her to have a good evening. She turned and smiled at us before walking down the hall in the opposite direction.

Once In the room I had Gretchen to bend over and place her hands on the bed. I moved behind her and lifted the back of her dress exposing her milk white legs and flanks. I dropped to my knees and began to kiss her firm, round cheeks before opening them to expose her thick, dark pubic hair. My lips moved low to kiss her swollen vulva as my nose pressed against the tight hole of her ass. 

As I breathed in I caught her musky aroma, my tongue darted out to explorer the folds of her vulva and to taste her sweet nectar. She began to purr like a kitten as I lapped the juices pouring from her opening. I moved higher so my tongue could brush aside the wisps of dark hair and dance around the rim of her ass.

I quickly tired of straining my neck to gain access to her juicy nooks and crannies and moved her to sit on the bed. I pulled her head to my lips and kissed her passionately but it was evident that she had little experience kissing. I sat back on my heels and lifted her foot to my chest and began to untie and remove her shoe and sock. She giggled as I covered her foot with kisses then took each of her toes into my mouth. Her arms and legs quickly broke out with goose bumps and she gasped to get her breath. I lowered her foot then picked up the other one and repeated the process. I ran my hands up her legs feeling the downy soft hair that covered them then I pushed her knees open and moved between them. I pushed her back on the bed and lifted each foot to one of my shoulders then moved my face close to the thick triangle of dark pubic hair.

Her womanly secrets were not completely hidden by the by her vulva and thick hair; her inner lips protruded along the slit all the way to her gushing vagina. Her scent was heady and the curly hair along her slit was glistening with her juices. I first kissed the inside of her thighs before moving to the hair covered shelf on each side of her swollen lips. I moved lower and let my tongue probe the well which over flowed with her sweet juices. As my tongue worked to lap up her juices I slipped a finger into the tight hole of her ass. 

I looked up and saw her eyes widen then she let out, "Oh my goodness!" I lowered my head and continued enjoying her scent and taste. 

Soon she moved her hands to my head and started moving her hips to meet the lapping of my tongue. Her purring changed to deep moans and her breathing increased. I sucked her clit between my lips and my tongue danced over her pleasure pearl. She came in a flurry of moments and deep grunts before collapsing on the bed. 

I moved up to her and demanded, "Taste your sweet nectar on my lips." She wrapped her arms around my neck and kissed my mouth moving her tongue over my lips.

We lay together in each other's arms and talked and kissed. For the first time since we met earlier that afternoon I saw her smile. She explained about the Amish Rite of Rumspringa where young people could leave the community to learn about life outside their community before deciding if they want to commit to the life in the community. 

She told me, "I have not had sex except with my dress pushed up; I have never been naked with a man before." 

I sat up and told her to stand in front of me and remove her clothes. She obeyed and removed her smock then unbuttoned her dress and stepped out of it. She did not wear a bra as such but rather an old fashioned button type top. I was absolutely amazed at the beauty that was uncovered beneath the frumpy, ill-fitting, homemade clothes. 

When she removed her dress it was apparent that she not only did not shave her legs but her underarms as well. I had gotten used to that during my active duty years in Germany since most women did not shave there either. I stood up and removed my clothes so she could see her first naked man. I let her hold my hard cock in her hand to study it carefully. After a careful study she leaned forward and gave it a light kiss.

I had Gretchen to model for me so I could enjoy the perfect symmetry of her body as she moved in front of me. I took her in my arms and kissed her back, shoulders and front before pushing her beautiful tits together and sucking her pinkish, rose colored nipples into my mouth. Her moaning and deep breathing increased as I pushed her on to the bed and opened her legs to throw across my shoulders. 

I taught her how to put a rubber on my cock then sunk it to the hilt and began to grind my pelvis into hers'. Her moans quickly turned into deep grunts as she tried to meet my thrusts but was unable to because I had her pinned to the bed. Realizing that she could not move she wrapped her arms around me and pulled me closer pounding my back with her fists. She came again gasping for breath and grunting deeply from her throat. We froze in time trying to recover and get our breath. I was not finished my balls still held a full load ready to deliver into the nipple tip of the latex sheath encasing my cock.

I rolled Gretchen on top of me so she could sit up and cool off a bit. Once we regained our composure I instructed her how she could move and be in complete control. My hands moved up to let my fingers play with her again hard nipples. She tried several different movements to find one that would work best for her. I showed her how she could even move her fingers to her clit while she moved. She soon found the best movement and quickly picked up a rhythm to bring her to another orgasm. She raised her hands into the air and began to chant something in German as if she was worshipping. Her hips moved faster and faster as she cried out. The complete experience was so over whelming that I let go a flood of creamy liquid that quickly filled the tip of the rubber and spread up my shaft.

We rested for a while then took a shower together; it was her very first shower. Her family bathed in a galvanized tub pulled into the kitchen at night so they could get hot water from the reservoir of the kitchen wood stove after cooking dinner. We took our time washing each other carefully so we could explorer each other's bodies. By the time our washing was complete I had another raging hard-on and placed Gretchen's hands against the shower wall and took her from behind. As I thrust in and out of her warm and wet cunt my hands moved over her tits my fingers pinched and pulled her hard nipples.

It was about ten-thirty when she looked down into her hands and submissively asked, "Can I get dressed so I can meet my friends. We leave tomorrow morning to go back home?" 

I nodded my head yes then asked, "Are you going to tell your friends about getting fucked?" 

She replied, "Only a few of the girls that I'm closest to." 

I took a box of a half dozen rubbers from my suit case and gave them to her saying, "Make Ruben and Elder Dirkenmier use these so you do not get pregnant." 

She thanked me and moved to retrieve her clothes. I held her panties and admired her young body for the last time as she stepped into them and pulled them up her shapely unshaven legs.

Once she was dressed I threw on a shirt and a pair of shorts and walked her to the door where we kissed one more time before she walked down the hall to the elevator. As she waited at the door of the elevator the lady who rode up on the elevator with us earlier stepped out of the ice and vending machine room carrying a bucket of ice and a Coke.

"I hope you are not going to be drinking alone." I said as she approached me smiling.

"I will unless you want to join me." She replied holding up the Coke.

"Or you can share a bottle of bourbon with me if you would prefer." I added.

I stepped aside to allow her to enter the room. She shrugged then entered the room.