 Q: What is Rumspringa? 

A: Rumspringa means "running around" in the Pennsylvania German dialect. It is the time, beginning at about age 16, when youth socialize with their friends on weekends. Rumspringa ends with marriage. (For those who don't marry, Rumspringa ends in their mid to late twenties.) This period is an important time when Amish youth need to decide if they will be baptized and join the church or leave the Amish community. 

(Everyone in this story is age nineteen or older) 

Chapter 1

My name is John and I have worked in my fathers brick yard ever since I was old enough to lift a brick. Our brick yard is in a county where about half the population is Amish, Mennonite, or an offspring of such lifestyles. I've lived here my whole live. I'm now twenty-four and a foreman in our yard.

I played sports in high school and later went to a technical school to get an Associate Degree in business. My Dad said it would help me in the brick business. I learned a lot including how to deal with the lifestyles and attitudes of those who worked for me.

It also taught me the common sense aspect of what it takes to run a business. After college I worked full time at the brick yard. My Dad made me a foreman but I still did a lot of lifting; you know, the grunt part of the job. I loved it! It kept me in shape and those that worked for me knew I wouldn't ask them to do anything that I wouldn't do myself.

Since I worked with my shirt off on very hot days I developed a great tan which showed off my abs. I have to say through the years it helped me with my dating. I was popular in both high school and college. There weren't very many weekends that I wasn't having sex with someone. My motto was work hard all week and enjoy the weekends.

I have been with a number of Amish women throughout the years. I usually went with them during Rumspringa. I'll try and explain it to you.

In many communities, Rumspringa is a period when some Amish youth experience greater freedom. They are no longer under the control of their parents on weekends and, because they are not baptized, they are not yet under the authority of the church. During this time, many Amish youth adhere to traditional Amish behavior. Others, however, experiment with "worldly" activities—buying a car, going to movies, wearing non-Amish clothes and/or buying a television or a DVD player.

In the larger Amish settlements, their behavior often depends on the peer group they choose to join. Amish parents worry about which group their son or daughter will join because the choice will influence the teen's behavior. 

Some activities may include volleyball, swimming, ice skating, picnics, hiking, and large outdoor "supper" parties. The most typical gatherings are "singings." Groups meet in a home and sing German hymns and English gospel songs for several hours and then enjoy a time of conversation and food.

The "faster," more rebellious groups sometimes drive cars, rent a building for parties, or go to bars and nightclubs in nearby towns. A fling with worldliness reminds Amish youth that they have a choice regarding church membership. Knowing they have a choice likely strengthens their willingness to obey church standards and, in the long run, the authority of the church itself.

I would meet a number of these girls when they were going through Rumspringa. Groups of Amish would meet in town and change into "English" clothing and share tobacco, alcohol and marijuana. Girls may put on jewelry and cosmetics. They would often mingle with non-Amish in these excursions. I often met them in bars and they liked to dance and flirt which would often lead to sex and I was always there for them.

One day one of the men who worked for me asked me if I wanted to go to the beach that weekend. He said many of the people he knew were on Rumspringa and were going to make their decision whether to leave or to go back to their family groups. He mentioned his girlfriend Anna was one of them.

Eli was nineteen and so was Anna. He had a drivers license but rarely drove any vehicles outside of the brickyard. He came straight out and said he needed a driver to take him to the beach. He could drive but didn't have a vehicle and didn't want to go in a buggy. He and his buddy, Hugo, were going to spend the night at the beach. They were going to pitch a tent and hoped to get lucky.

I explained to him that I was twenty-four and had already sown my wild oats. I wasn't very interested in picking up women that were only eighteen or nineteen. Eli was a good worker and I felt a bit sorry for him. I think he was afraid his girlfriend might sow her oats with someone else while at the beach. 

I finally agreed to take Eli and Hugo to the beach. I did like relaxing by the water and because of my tan and build, I did draw some attention from the opposite sex.

I have to admit the young women looked pretty good. Anna was surprised to see Eli but seemed very happy about it. Hugo met up with one of his old girlfriends also. Both guys were surprised to see their girlfriends in tight two piece bathing suits. 

I tried to keep a little distance between my friends and me. I didn't want to interrupt them from doing their thing. Besides, there were a lot of women to look at and talk to.

I was surprised to see a good looking women walk up to Eli and Anna. She was a brunette, had on a one piece bathing suit but looked beautiful. She looked a few years older than the rest of the girls and I had to wonder who she was. She hugged Eli and he introduced her to Anna and they hugged. They talked for a few minutes and then she walked down the beach and joined some other people.

I wanted to know who this women was. She didn't seem Amish so I walked over to Eli. He introduced me to Anna and I got a big smile from her and kind of a look from Eli. I laughed and told Anna it was nice meeting her. I then asked Eli about the good looking older woman. 

He told me it was his older sister, Mary. She went to high school and then to college to become a veterinarian. She recently moved back to the area to do an internship at one of the local clinics. He looked at me and said, "Forget it John, she doesn't date much. She spends most of her time finishing her degree and doing her internship."

I might mention here that Eli and Anna were Mennonites. The main distinguishing feature of Amish from the Mennonites is the Amish resistance to embracing modern technology. Amish make very little use of technology and generally maintain very little contact with the outside world, no more than necessary. They dress up in very traditional outfits and live in very small tight knit communities.

The Mennonites on the other hand dress up in plain clothes but generally would not be distinguishable from anyone else just by their clothing. They don't have any problems using technology nor do they maintain a separation from the outside world. Although practicing a plain and simple lifestyle they are much more moderate towards the use of modern technology and do not abstain from it.

**** 

A couple of Eli and Anna's friends (female) came up to me and said it looked like I needed suntan lotion put on me and I laughed as they started rubbing my back and chest putting on the lotion. I have to admit it felt good. Too bad they were younger since I wasn't interested in just having a fling anymore.

Some Amish guys the girls knew came walking by and asked if they would put some lotion on them also. They laughed and started rubbing the guys' chests. I think they knew that I was a bit old for them and just wanted to party with their friends.

I saw Mary walk up to the pavilion so I walked up to talk with her. When I said hi to her, she turned around and was even more beautiful close up. 

"Hi," she said. "I need to tell you that I'm just here with friends. I see you were with some playmates yourself." She said it in a sarcastic way. 

"Mary, I'm John. Your brother Eli works with me. I brought him and his friend Hugo to the beach to meet their girlfriends." 

"So you're John, my brother really likes you. He says you're his boss. It's nice to meet you."

I looked down at her hand and didn't see a ring. "Since you're here with friends is it alright if I join you? Eli's friends are a bit young for me." 

"Are you saying I'm old?" she laughed.

"God NO! I'm sorry if I said that wrong. It's just that I'm twenty-four and Eli and his friends are all around nineteen."

"I'm twenty-five," replied Mary. "My friends are all in their early twenties. You're welcome to join us if you like." I smiled at her and picked up the drinks she had ordered and walked to meet her friends. 

"Damn! Mary, where did you find him?" asked one of her girlfriends. There were two women and two guys. The women had on skimpy two piece bikinis.

"Put your tongue back in your mouth Sheila. This is John, he's my brother Eli's boss. John, this is Sheila, Rachel, Tom and Edward." They all said hi but I wasn't sure if the guys cared for me. They had decent builds but not like my six-pack abs.

"So John, what brings you to the beach today?" asked Tom.

"I just brought Eli and his friend Hugo to meet their friends. I didn't have any plans this weekend and Eli is a good friend as well as an employee."

We all talked and went into the water. It was really fun being with people more my age. They wanted to do water fights and Sheila got on Tom's shoulders and Rachel got on Ed's. Mary wasn't quite sure if she wanted to do this but I went underwater and came up with her on my shoulders. She screamed out and her friends laughed.

The battle began and Mary knocked her friends off their partners shoulders at least twice each. The girls went under water and both pulled at my legs trying to upset us. One of them grabbed my cock underwater and it surprised me making me move so that Mary fell off of my shoulders. I didn't say anything but had to wonder which one of the them did it.

It was getting late when Eli and Hugo came up to me and said they had a problem. They had talked their girlfriends into staying in the tent with them that night. They figured I'd feel like a fifth wheel and asked me if there was somewhere else I could spend the night.

I could have gotten mad but I knew what it was like to be young and have to pass up a piece of ass. I told them I would get a room at the lodge for the night. I found out earlier that Mary and her friends had two rooms for the night. One for the girls and one for the guys.

We were sitting in the lounge having a drink when I excused myself to go to the counter to get a room. "I'm sorry sir but we are booked up for tonight," said the desk clerk." Now I wasn't sure what to do.

I guess when I got back to the table it showed. "What's the matter?" asked Rachel.

"They're out of rooms. If I can get a blanket I can sleep in the car or on the beach," I replied.

"Why don't you stay with the guys? I'm sure they won't mind," stated Mary. I looked over at the guys and I think they were thinking the same thing that I was. Most guys don't like sharing a bed with another guy unless you were drunk and just wanted to sleep it off. 

Sheila spoke next. "Mary, I was going to stay with Tom tonight and Rachel was going to be with Ed. We were going to tell you later. You will have two beds and a room to yourself. Maybe John can stay with you?"

"What! I'm not sleeping with John. I'm sorry John but I don't sleep around." said Mary.

"You don't have to sleep with him. There are two beds in the room. Since you come from such a large family I'm sure you slept in the same room with other males." Rachel replied. "Besides, you're both adults.

Mary looked at me. I hadn't said a word. "Ok, but John, I'm not sleeping with you. You must understand that. You have a bed and I have one." It was hard holding back a smile.

Tom changed the subject. "John, as you know we're going to the Cedar Point Amusement park tomorrow. Would you like to come with us? It would be easier going on rides if we paired off." I looked over at Mary and she looked away from me and up in the air.

"I have to take Eli and Hugo home tomorrow, otherwise I would love to go. I think it would be fun. It's been a long time since I've been there." Mary looked a bit disappointed but didn't say anything.

She asked to be excused saying she was going out to say goodnight to her brother since she wouldn't see him in the morning. When she came back she had a smile on her face.

"John, Eli said if you didn't mind he would drive your car home and leave it at your house. I think he wanted to impress Anna." I wondered why Mary went out of her way to make sure I could go to the park with her and her friends.

I agreed and we all headed for our rooms saying we would meet up for breakfast before leaving for the park the next morning. When Mary and I arrived at our room she said she wanted to take a shower and get ready for bed. When she came out she had on a summer nightgown and sat on the side of the bed. 

I took a shower and I came out in my jockey shorts but wore the complementary robe which was quite small. I explained to her that it was all I had with me to sleep in. My robe opened and she laugh but quickly glanced away. I sat on the opposite bed and we talked.

I asked her about being Amish or Mennonite. She told me she had been Mennonite as was the rest of her family but she never joined the group. She went on to finish high school and chose to go to college to be a veterinarian. 

She did say that the Amish do not usually educate their children past the eighth grade, believing that the basic knowledge offered up to that point is sufficient to prepare one for the Amish lifestyle. She said that she wasn't going to let a group of old men decide what she should do with her future. 

Her parents were sad that she chose college over the Mennonite life style but at the same time they were very proud of her. She was the oldest of their seven kids. Eli was the fourth oldest. She explained to me that Amish and Mennonite church membership begins with baptism, usually between the ages of 16 and 25. It is a requirement for marriage, and once a person has affiliated with the church, he or she may marry only within the faith. 

She said she never joined the membership because she wanted to do her own thing. She was still in contact with her parents and other family members. She wasn't shunned because she never joined the membership. 

The rules of the church had to be observed by every member of the church and covered most aspects of day-to-day living, including prohibitions or limitations on the use of power-line electricity, telephones, and automobiles, as well as regulations on clothing. She said she couldn't follow these strict rules.

I asked her about her life and she told me she was happy. At times she missed her family and wondered if she made the right decision but when she helped save the lives of animals, she knew she did the right thing. 

I was surprised that she was bearing her heart with me. I knew I wanted to make love to her but wasn't sure how to go about it. I didn't want to push her or scare her in any way. She was strong on the outside but seemed very vulnerable on the inside.

When I asked her about her love life she just laughed. "What love life?" she asked.

"You aren't still a virgin are you?" I asked.

She looked right at me and said, "It's really none of your business but I have had sex a few times. It wasn't anything to write home about. I guess I was waiting for the right man and time has kind of passed me by. Most women get married by the time they turn nineteen where I come from.

"I chose to have a future and make my own decisions. I didn't want to wind up like my mother and have seven kids and spend my life cleaning up after everyone else. Don't misunderstand me, that was my mother's choice, but not what I wanted." She was having a moment of sadness.

"Mary, you're young and beautiful with a full life ahead of you. You're educated and forgive me for saying it, you are quite sexy."

She laughed as she looked down at her old nightgown. She wondered how any man could find her sexy. I moved over to her bed and slowly moved my lips toward hers. She was hesitant but I moved closer till our lips touched. 

"John, we shouldn't do this." 

I kissed her again only a little harder. Her willpower started to fade as she pressed her lips against mine. We kissed a half dozen times, pressing a little harder each time.

"Mary, I want to make love to you." 

"I don't know John. We just met and I really do like you but I don't normally do this sort of thing."

I kissed her harder. I stood up and gently pulled her to her feet. Staring in her eyes I slowly began to lift her nightgown. I could see her breathing harder. I removed her nightgown and she was naked beneath it. I dropped my robe to the floor and pulled Mary into me.

We kissed as my hands moved all over her back and then down to her perfect ass. I pulled her tight against me, feeling her breasts against my chest. She got on her bed and lay on her back. I began to kiss her again and started working my way down her neck and to her breasts.

She lay with her eyes closed and moaned as I sucked on her breasts. She smelled and tasted so good. Later she told me she used a coconut oil after she showered.

I worked my way down to her nice firm belly and began to kiss it. She raised her head slightly and said, "John, do you have condoms? I'm not on birth control and I don't need any kids right now."

I reached over to the night stand and took a condom out of my wallet. I then returned to her belly and moved to the fuzzy hair just below her belly button. I noticed she had a full bush, as I remembered most Amish women had. I pushed my face into it and rubbed it all over her silky bush. She began to breath harder and I could smell her juices which began to make her pussy wet.

As she spread her legs wider I lowered my face to her pussy. With my thumbs I spread open her pussy and began to lick and tongue fuck her. I knew she was having an orgasm as she reached down and put both of her hands on my head as she raised her hips, pushing her pussy tighter against my face.

As she came down from her orgasm I sat up on my knees and put on the condom. I didn't give her time to change her mind as I slowly pushed my hard cock into her wet canal. She got louder and told me how good it felt. 

"I never remember it feeling so good. I could fuck you forever," she said. I don't know if she even knew what she was saying. "God, feels so good, fuck me John, fuck me hard."

I raised her legs high and spread them as I plowed her pussy. I could see her juices on my condom covered cock every time I pulled out before pushing it back in. She began to come again and actually said she loved me. I knew it had to be the sex talking. I came hard and she looked at me and said, "I could feel you coming even with the condom on."

I pulled out of her and lay beside her for a minute. I got up and went to the bathroom, got rid of the condom and took a piss. I crawled in bed beside Mary who was under a blanket. "Mary, you are one fantastic women," I said.

She leaned over, smiled and said to me, "I'm still not going to sleep with you," she smiled and kissed me passionately and said she never felt so happy. Then, told me to go to my own bed. I kissed her and went to the other bed. 

The next morning when I woke up Mary was already dressed. She sat on her bed and said to me, "John, please don't tell the others that we had sex. It would be hard to face them with them knowing I had sex with you after just meeting you."

"I promise I won't say a word to anyone about it. Mary, it was more than just sex and I do hope you understand that and maybe we can get together again." 
