 Brodie and Skye glanced at each other across the conference table and quickly looked away, for the third time. Once was an accident, twice could be forgiven as a mistake, but three times meant definite interest.

This trip was the culmination of a three month long flirtation that had begun as soon as Skye started with the firm. Young, bright and assertive, she had certainly made her mark professionally. Everyone at the office had been amazed when her boss, Brodie Mclean had asked her to accompany him to the meeting in Bermuda. It was the trip of a life time for most of the employees and, just in the door, Skye should have been bottom of the list. Still, thought Skye, she really had earned this opportunity, having poured her life and soul into the firm from the minute she stepped through the door.

She stole a fourth slightly-too-long glance at her boss as he gave the well prepared presentation to the group. He easily engaged their attention with his air of authority, easy manner and sense of humour. He was an impressive physical presence too; he was tall, with broad shoulders, dwarfing the other men at the table. Skye gave an almost inaudible sigh and tried to drag her attention back to note-taking and watching the reactions of the others to the pitch.

Brodie stole another glance at Skye and was, once again, almost put off his presentation. This time it was the lacy top of a silk stocking that had caught his eye and diverted his attention from the task at hand. This damned girl was ruining his pitch! He had his reservations about bringing her along on this excursion, worrying that he was letting his attraction towards her affect his professional judgement. She had worked very hard though, and her help with the presentation had been invaluable. The clients were lapping it up.

+++

As they walked out of the stuffy office and into the vibrant Bermuda streets, Brodie and Skye were elated. The allowed themselves a victory high five. Brodie felt as if he was walking on air, and Skye felt fit to burst with happiness. The pitch had gone well and now they could enjoy a little bit of luxury before heading home.

"Fancy a walk?" asked Brodie.

Skye, intoxicated by success, had other ideas.

"Fancy a drink?" she boldly proposed to her boss.

He smiled his easy, winning smile.

"Why not! A bit of fresh air first won't do us any harm though - why don't we walk back towards the hotel and get a drink near there."

They walked companionably through the streets, marvelling at the sparkling water in the harbour, the majestic sailing boats, brightly coloured birds and flowers, and the pastel houses with the white roofs that were omnipresent. After ten minutes of glorious sunshine, large black clouds appeared as if from nowhere and a stiff breeze picked up. Bermuda's infamously changeable weather was turning on them.

Skye gave an involuntary shiver in response to the squall. Her nipples hardened in response to the cold and with some embarrassment she realised that they were clearly visible beneath the thin material of her white blouse. This fact had not escaped Brodie, who felt a jolt of desire course through his body.

"Perhaps we'd better..."

Brodie didn't even finish his sentence before the heavens opened and torrents of rain fell relentlessly from the sky.

"Run!" He grabbed her hand.

Brodie, unencumbered by his suit and sensible shoes made good headway. He was surprised to find that Skye, despite her stiletto heels and skirt did a reasonable job keeping up with him - years of track-training had prepared her well. 

Skye felt her hair and blouse begin to stick flat to her body. The exertion made her hot and sweaty but the cool rain soaked her silk stockings and pleated skirt. Brodie began to heat up inside his suit. Too late, he realised he should give Skye his jacket, and quickly draped the jacket over her saturated blouse. 

As they reached Skye's hotel's lobby, both were drenched, panting and laughing uncontrollably. 

"I'm not sure I'm in fit state for the bar now!" laughed Brodie.

They stared at each other, a few too many seconds too long. Skye weighed him up, as if making a decision.

"You could always dry off in my room."


Brodie looked at her, surprised. He saw her pupils dilate perceptibly, her lips part. She was still out of breath and she was gazing steadily up at him, head slightly tilted, a smile playing on the corner of her lips, almost daring him.

"Sure," he nodded.

She grabbed his hand and led him to the lift. As soon as the doors slid closed she stood on her tip toes, leaning her soaking wet body against him and lightly brushed his lips with hers. His body responded immediately, but before he could do anything, the doors of the lift opened. 

Skye took him by the hand and led him into her room. He closed the door behind him, any doubt about what was going to happen next removed. He walked right up to her, very close, so that she had to look up to him in that way that he found so alluring. Suddenly she was in his arms. He kissed her passionately and pushed her up against the wall. His hands curled around the wet strands of her long hair and he firmly tugged her head back so that he could kiss her neck. She sighed with pleasure. He cupped a firm breast in his hands, enjoying the feeling of her stiff nipple against the sopping fabric of her blouse.

She reached up to slowly unbutton his shirt, peeling the drenched cotton from his torso, admiring his strong frame, broad shoulders and hairy chest. She reached further down to fondle the bulge at his crotch. He moaned in pleasure but then grabbed both of her hands and pinned them firmly above her head. His hands were much bigger than hers and he could easily pin both wrists with one, leaving his other hand free to explore.

He slowly, lazily stroked one hand up the inside of her hold-up stocking, stopping to finger the lace at the top. He then continued upwards, onto the silky smooth skin of her inner thigh as she wriggled in his strong grip. As he reached her crotch she abruptly stopped wriggling and gasped as he traced one finger up the middle of her silky shorts, grazing her clit and making her legs tremble. He traced this path several times, enjoying watching her breasts heave against her blouse as she gasped. His hand found the top of her shorts and he slipped his hand inside, directly over her swelling clit and down to her labia, where he fondled her very gently. He watched her bite her lip and arch her back in response. He was gratified to find that she was already slightly wet. His finger slipped inside her, then back up to her clit, using her wetness to glide his fingers over her clit in a teasing pattern.

He released her hands and she grabbed his head and pulled it down for a long passionate kiss that made his cock jump to attention. She gently kissed his chest as she unbuttoned his shirt, enjoying the fact that his hand continued to play with her. She undid his belt and trousers, pushing him firmly towards the bed. She straddled him and began to firmly stroke his cock. He undid her blouse and pulled up her bra to expose her breasts, so that he could suck on and bite her nipples. She threw back her head and moaned at the mixture of pain and pleasure.

Noting her reaction to the rough play, he grabbed her wrists and held them firmly behind her back as he slid two fingers inside her and stroked her in a firm, 'come-hither' motion that drove her wild with ecstasy. He stroked her G-spot over and over, harder and harder until she was suddenly coming, screaming his name and collapsing on top of him with the effort of her orgasm.

His cock was now rock hard and straining to be part of the action. Seeing the lustful look in his eye, she stepped briefly away from him and sank to her knees. Locking her eyes on his, she licked her luscious lips very slowly, and saw his cock twitch in anticipation. She lowered her mouth to his cock, and suddenly swallowed him as far as she could without gagging. She swirled her tongue over the head before sliding her mouth up and down the shaft, enjoying the different sensations on her tongue. Brodie struggled to keep control as his beautiful colleague pleasured him, lightly cupping and tickling his balls as she brought him closer and closer to orgasm. 

Suddenly she stopped and stood up. She slipped the silky shorts from under her skirt, allowing them to fall to the floor. She straddled him and lowered herself slowly onto his throbbing cock. As she slid carefully down his length he grabbed her hips and thrusted firmly all the way inside her, almost making her come again with the erotic violence of the gesture. They rocked together, finding a rhythm that began to build both of their pleasure.

Not quite finding his release, Brodie abruptly lifted her away and stood up behind her. She kneeled on the bed and glanced over her shoulder to see him. He took a moment to observe and admire her. Her wet hair was slicked to her head. Her blouse was moist and stuck to her skin, and as she turned towards him he could see her exposed breasts jutting proudly forwards. Her skirt was bunched up towards her waist and the silk stockings were clearly visible. Her high heels completed the good-office-girl-turned bad look that filled him with lust.

She looked back at him - his hair wet as if fresh from the shower, his skin gleaming with sweat, and his hard cock protruding from his trousers in a filthy, slightly obscene manner that made her shiver with desire. 

Slowly, she leaned forward so that she was on all fours. She arched her back, causing the skirt to ride up further and exposing her fully to him. He admired her for a second longer before stepping forward, grabbing her hips and thrusting himself deeply into her, right to the hilt. He fucked her in a slow, merciless rhythm, and she pushed back to meet him each time. To keep her senses engaged, he alternated stinging spanks on her exposed ass, rough pinching of her nipples, hard tugging on her wet hair and slow soothing caresses of her clit. The variety of sensations sent her completely over the edge and she came hard, twice in quick succession, before collapsing exhausted onto the bed.

He lay on top of her, his legs outside of hers, squeezing her legs together to make her feel as tight for him as possible. He quickened his rhythm and found the friction he needed to take him over the edge, coming inside her with spurt after spurt of sheer pleasure.

Afterwards he lay on top of her and she enjoyed the weight of him holding her to the bed. He rolled off her and they lay together on the bed, panting.

Skye heard Brodie's breathing slow and it was clear that he fallen immediately into a deep sleep.

+++

When he woke Brodie heard the torrential rain still beating hard against the hotel balcony windows. He was momentarily disorientated, but quickly remembered the afternoon's events when he saw Skye walk into the room. She was fully made up, with her dry hair in a neat bun. She was wearing a different, uncreased, fully dry outfit with new stockings and high heels.

She looked at him uncertainly, unsure of what to do or say next.

He looked at the hammering rain, then back at Skye in her nice clean outfit, and grinned.

"Fancy a walk outside?"