 Having reached the fine old age of eighteen Suzanne was only too pleased to kiss school goodbye and enter the workforce. She did have one large advantage in this - her uncle. He ran a construction company and was willing to hire her, at a pittance, with promises of higher wages once she'd gained some experience.

He'd been true to his word. By the time she was nineteen Suzanne was quite an able administrator, often working out of on-site offices, and quite happy with her more respectable wage.

One other thing she had learnt. While a skirt and blouse might be appropriate when working at the main office they were highly inappropriate when working out of a site office. Jeans and button-less blouses were the order of the day in those places. Men couldn't accidentally trip you and cause skirts to fly up if you weren't wearing skirts. Neither could they brush against you and cause buttons to pop if you had no buttons. Looking down the front of your blouse was nigh impossible if you had a high neck blouse. 

Suzanne could, of course, have complained about sexual harassment. Far better, from her point of view, to take steps to overcome the problem herself. While an official complaint might have been upheld it would also be on her record that she was a complainer. Why bother when the solution was in her own hands?

It was also fun to wear tight jeans to work, knowing that they stretched over a pert little bottom while her blouse was adequately filled. She didn't mind the men watching and wondering as long as they couldn't take steps to see.

It was near the end of the week and Suzanne was in a site office, ready to go home. The only reason she hadn't already left was because she was waiting for Joe, one of the sub-contractors, to arrive and pick up instructions for his next job. He was running late and as far as she was concerned if he wasn't here when the final whistle blew he was going to just have to miss out. Well, she might give him a few minutes extra, but only a few.

Just before the whistle blew the phone rang. It was Joe, full of apologies. There's been an accident and he'd felt compelled to stay and help out until the emergency services had arrived. They'd arrived and he was on his way and would be there in ten minutes. Was that OK?

Of course that's OK, Suzanne assured him, swearing quietly to herself. She resigned herself to waiting while she watched the men streaming off the site, all of them heading home while she waited. 

The ten minutes passed and Suzanne was starting to feel a little niggly when she saw a car pull onto the site and someone got out. Unless the zoo had lost an ogre that had to be Joe. Joe was one of those people once seen, never forgotten. Six foot tall and six foot wide, carved out of a chunk of granite, was the impression he made. A very solid man.

She was standing waiting when Joe entered the site office, with his first words being an apology for being late.

"These things happen," murmured Suzanne. "You had the courtesy to ring and that sort of thing always makes a difference. If you care to come this way?. . ."

She strolled through the small office to the conference room attached, giving her hips a little swish as she walked. She kind of liked Joe. He was always polite to her and didn't ogle her like some of the other men. That didn't mean he didn't look. She suspected that right now his eyes were glued to her bottom as he followed her.

She passed him the relevant folder and waited while he sat and went quickly through it, ready to answer any queries he might have. He raised a couple of minor points and then signed, giving her a copy of the contract.

"Much of a muchness," he said in his deep rumbling voice. "The boys and I will get on with it first thing Monday. Thank you again for waiting back for me."

"Not a problem, Joe," she replied. "My pleasure."

Joe stood up and smiled, then his smile seemed to change slightly. Suzanne wasn't quite sure what the difference was, but there was a difference. All of a sudden instead of looking at her he seemed to be LOOKING at her, his eyes burning holes through her blouse. She felt heat pooling in her groin and her nipples were puckering. She eased her shoulders slightly forward, giving the material at the front of her blouse some slackness. Damned if she was going to have little tents on her blouse for his amusement.

Joe's eyes ran over the delectable young dish in front of him and he smiled.

"Tell me, Suzanne, just how do you get those jeans on in the morning? They look as though they've been sewn onto you."

"It just takes a bit of patience and helps me do my daily calisthenics," she said airily.

"And another set of calisthenics to get them off, I suppose?"

She smirked at him but didn't answer.

"Still, I know if I had to try and take them off you I'd have to turn you upside down and try to shake you loose and I can't see that sort of behaviour going down well."

Startled, Suzanne gave him a small frown. 

"Oh, don't worry, I have no intention of trying to take them off. I'll be quite happy to let you do that for me."

"Ha. As if."

"Why not?"

"Excuse me?"

"Why not take them off for me?"

"Why on earth would I?"

"Because that will make it a lot easier for me to remove the rest of your clothes before bending you over the table and ravishing your delectable body." 

Joe smiled as he made his surprising announcement, emphasizing the word ravishing with a rolling R.

Suzanne slowly straightened, standing as tall as she could, head back, shoulders squared.

"Why on earth would I agree to something like that?" she demanded.

"Reason one," said Joe, reaching out and lightly pressing a nipple that was now tenting her blouse. "Reason two," he began, laughing as Suzanne quickly stepped back, glaring at him.

Suzanne was suddenly acutely aware of the silence from the working site. There was no-one else there. They'd all gone home. She was alone with Joe.

"What happens if I say no?" she asked, suddenly nervous.

"Then I will be very disappointed and you'll miss out on what could be the opportunity of a lifetime."

"Oh. You're not going to, ah, . . ." Her voice trailed away, not wanting to put her fears into word.

"Force you? Certainly not. Not while you're wearing those damn things. I could get a hernia wrestling you out of them. That's why I want you to take them off. Ah, why aren't you already taking them off?"

"Oh, I don't know. Maybe because I don't want to be raped?"

"Who mentioned rape? Did I mention rape? No, I did not. I said ravish, as in sending you into raptures and filling you with delight. I'm insulted that you think I'd stoop to rape. How could you? If it wasn't so unmanly I'd weep at the aspersion cast upon my honour."

"What a load of, of, garbage. Weep, my eye. I know what you want to fill me with and I've never known anyone to call that thing a delight before this."

Joe laughed. Suzanne couldn't help smiling.

"Suzanne," Joe said softly.

"What?"

"Take of your jeans," he said, still speaking softly.

Suzanne mind felt a little numb. If she did he was going to. . . Well, she knew exactly what he was going to do. She looked at him, seeing a gentle smile on his face, trying to work out what she should do.

"That's my girl," he said softly.

"Say, what?" wondered Suzanne, then saw that she was undoing her belt. She hadn't even noticed until then. She certainly hadn't decided to do it. She sought for something to say, some way to snap out of this, but came up empty, while her hand was now unzipping her jeans.

Jeans undone she took her shoes off. She'd learnt a long time ago not to try and take jeans off while wearing shoes. A debacle lay in that direction. Hands on her hips, a blush on her face, she wriggled her hips back and forth, the jeans sliding slowly over her hips. It would have been a lot easier if Joe hadn't looked so interested in what she was doing.

Suzanne was quite relieved when her jeans reached a point where she could just sit down and slide them off. Standing up again she could feel her face getting hotter. So were some other areas. Joe's eyes were running up and down her legs, his concentration so intense she could feel it.

"I've changed my mind," he whispered. "I'm going to let you take off your own clothes instead of doing it myself."

Taking off her jeans was one thing. Yes, it was a sort of go-ahead, but she could always back off when he started undressing her. If she undressed herself how did she say stop? Swallowing nervously she lowered her panties. Then she fidgeted, holding onto the hem of her blouse, reluctant to lift it. Joe just smiled and waited. 

She sighed. She couldn't very well back out now. She should have just given an unequivocal no and walked out. What could have possessed her?

She lifted her blouse up and off, her bra quickly following. Now she was standing there naked. A pair of small socks just did not count. Looking down at herself she could see her breasts, firm and round with her nipples standing proudly erect. She could see her mons, nice and smooth, seeing she'd shaved just that morning. While she couldn't see her pudenda she was acutely conscious of it and the heat lying behind it.

She looked back at Joe. His eyes were still travelling over her, enjoying the view. Unfortunately his eyes weren't the only things travelling. His trousers were on the move as well, sliding down to the floor. Not that her eyes followed them down. They came to rest at his groin and what was on display there. She swallowed nervously. She supposed it was only natural that a man as big and solid as Joe would be big and solid all over.

Joe reached over and touched each nipple lightly, before slipping his arm around her and drawing her up against him. She could feel his erection pressing against her tummy, his hands cupping her buttocks, holding her tight.

Slowly he moved back, putting some room between them. 

"While I'm happy to see you like this I can't help but feel a little loving attention would help me get a nice erection," he suggested.

Who did he think he was kidding? If that thing wasn't already well and truly erect she'd hate to think what it would look like when it was. His hands ran up her arms, finishing on her shoulders. A little gentle pressure gave her the clue she needed. She slowly sank down onto her knees, her hands closing around his cock as she did so. Leaning forward she opened her mouth and took hold of him.

Her head bobbed slowly, lasciviously, her lips tight around him while her tongue and teeth did their damage, teasing him, tormenting him, pleasing him. Joe stood firm, sweating, letting her play. His turn would come. He could feel himself swelling, his cock feeling huge, wanting something more. He knew just what it needed.

He pulled back from Suzanne, bending to help lift her back to her feet. She had a nasty smile on her face, knowing what she'd been doing to him. Joe's smile was just as nasty. 

"Your turn," was all he said as he lifted her and sat her on the table.

Pushing her legs wide he sank down onto one knee, his head moving between her thighs, his tongue starting its deadly work. Slipping between her lips it darted about, touching and caressing, finding her secret places and invading them. Suzanne twisted and turned under the assault, wanting to cry stop but afraid that he might. She gasped when his tongue probed around her clitoris, trying to push his head away. She relaxed when he moved on, only to give a surprised scream when he returned, galvanising her sensitive flesh. When he finally lifted his head away she just stared at him, too stunned to speak.

Leaning forward slightly he nibbled at each breast in turn, his mouth slowly moving up, across her shoulders, and onto her neck. He was holding her closer, her breasts now pressing against his chest, and she could feel his cock probing gently.

"Wait," she gasped. "I want to see."

There was an amused look on his face as he moved back a little. At least, his chest moved back, giving her a clear view of his erection pressing against her. Eyes wide she watched, slightly fearful. She just couldn't help but feel that there was a lot of cock down there.

He pressed forward, her lips giving way almost reluctantly, closing back over him as he passes. Along her passage he moved, stretching her and making her soft flesh yield to his hard driving need. He paused for a moment, pulling back just a fraction. She could see his cock disappearing into her, her lips clinging to it lovingly. Then he was on the move again, sinking ever deeper into her.

Suzanne was sure that he would have to stop. There was just too much, too soon. How was she supposed to cope with that? Her body didn't ask for her opinion. It happily yielded as Joe drove home, that last little bit coming in a sudden rush. She stopped looking down and looked at Joe, not sure how she felt about this.

Joe was quite certain how he felt. Ready, willing, and eager to continue. He pulled back and drove forcefully back into her, feeling her pushing towards him to take him, her legs rising and wrapping around him, flexing to bring him even deeper. His hands came up to claim her breasts even as he started driving in again. He set up a hard fast rhythm and Suzanne match him with élan, pushing eagerly to meet him each time he thrust into her.

A fast rhythm didn't necessarily mean one that would finish quickly. It certainly didn't mean a quiet one. Joe kept going, his groin slapping loudly against Suzanne, with her giving a gasping grunt with every thrust, the sheer force of the thrust driving it out of her. Joe massaged her breasts, squeezing and stroking, while his cock drove home, home, home.

Suzanne was almost screaming, pleading with Joe to give her more, to go in harder, her excitement increasing in leaps and bounds. Her world was momentarily narrowed to this man and the things he was doing to her, being carried away on a rising tide of lustful passion.

She climaxed with a scream, vaguely thankful to remember that there were no workmen outside. Joe gasped, thrusting home for his final stroke, happy to have done his duty and be able to enjoy his own climax.

Men were irritating, Suzanne decided, watching Joe pull up his trousers. All they had to do was pull up their pants and that was that. She was going to have to get completely dressed and cleaned up a little.

"What," she demanded, "was that all about?" 

"Practice," said Joe calmly.

"What?"

"Making sure I could please you with some quick action before taking you home and really getting to work. That was fine for a first time but I'm sure we can do better on our second and third attempts. Do you want to stop for dinner first or will we wait until after we've tried once more?"