 Cross country can be a lonely sport. John ran down an empty forest path he had been exploring when his loneliness was disturbed by familiar gasps and heaves. Another runner came from a sideways path. She was a short, cute brunette with a shapely frame. A sports bra turned the motherly body into an athletic one, but her hips stood out as did her rear as she ran. John was single, and she was attractive, but he had a trail to run and neither seemed to have enough air to speak. 

The woman gave him a sidelong glance before turning to keep her eyes on the trail. John was an athlete with very little bodyfat, but shorter than average. He was almost the same height as the woman. John knew this stretch of road and realized that they might be awkwardly running next to each other for the next mile if they both kept their pace. As much as he hated to not see her shapely body, he sped up his pace to overshoot her.

He had only gone a few meters ahead when he saw her speed up in response. Her body jigged with extra force. They never made eye contact, but he knew what kind of woman she was now. He sped up his pace to something less sustainable, and then she did too. Suddenly they weren't jogging anymore. He tried not to imagine her tits bouncing from the full sprint as he dashed forward. He didn't dare look back. He could see her in his peripheral vision, gaining, then losing ground as the trail turned left and right. Suddenly he saw a fork in the road and pushed everything into his sprint. They were two runners pushing themselves to their limits, and he felt his heart on fire from the excursion, but he wasn't going to give up, and neither was she. He sneaked a glimpse to his side to see the woman pushing herself to the extreme her arms pumped herself forward and he saw a flash of metal. A wedding ring glimmered on her hand.

They dashed different ways in the fork and drifted apart. John looked back and saw her doing the same. They kept running, but slowed their pace. John didn't know who had won. His lungs burned and his blood was hot against the cold air. His lungs pumped like a car exhaust. That had been a rush. He still felt the tingle of fear that came from the sprint, the feeling of adventure. The disappointment, or perhaps even romance with a married woman.

Not that he had time for that. He barely had enough time to jog in the morning. The next day he felt eager to get back on the trail. He was more sore than usuall from the mile long sprint, but he wanted to see that woman again, whoever she was. Even if it was just as a friend. He took off and tried to time his visit to that trail exactly as he had before. Unfortunately, the woman was nowhere to be found. His heart beat slow on the run. It was a long trail. Was she ahead of him? Behind him? Or maybe she had found another trail to keep herself alone. Maybe that was what she wanted. He could understand that.

Then he heard rapid footsteps crash past him as she took the lead. Her hair shook with every beat of her shoes on the dirt. She had started late but she gaining the lead. He smiled and picked up the pace to follow behind her. He didn't want to lose, but he didn't want to lose sight of her. She was panting and sweating already. He ran to overtake her and found her already losing strength. He again saw the ring on her finger flash in the morning sun. She fought valiantly, but once again he matched her pace. Their wills were even when they finally hit the fork and split. Again, victory was uncertain. Both had gone even faster and harder than the day before, but neither was superior.

She had chosen to run with him again. And she would probably do that same the next day. They had kindred spirits, and they both knew this despite never exchanging a single word or knowing anything about each other. They were two shooting stars going in the same direction, and they both enjoyed the company.

The third day John woke up and hour early. It was still dark out when he started his run. This wasn't to get a head start on the woman. It was so he could wait for her. So they could make it fair. He wanted them to finally settle things. When he made it to the path he found her already waiting there. Her chest was heaving. She had just arrived. They exchanged no words. John paused to look at her. Then they looked at the road ahead together. Then they both started at the same time at a full sprint. 

Neither would be able to keep up the pace, but neither wanted to slow down for anything. John had never been so tired in all his life. Sweat poured from his skin as he fought against the air and ground. He had no idea where the woman was, but she was not winning just yet. He did not dare look back. At any moment she might burst ahead. He felt a wall of agony push against his body, telling him to slow down or pass out. He crashed through it and felt a second wind pull him forward with even more speed. His heart stepped up another gear and his body hardened with power and ferocity. He felt a burning sensation all across his body as the final fork was in view. He couldn't afford to slow down. He sped up. He dashed forward without restraint and once he hit the fork he let the train of his body finally slow and chug down to a heaving, sweating stop. The gasoline in his blood continued to burn through all the wind in his lungs as he turned and saw the woman behind him by several hundred meters. He sighed in relief and laughed at himself. There hadn't been any need to push himself like that. His legs were shaking. He'd be sore all week. 

The woman was just as exhausted when she reached him at the fork. They looked into each others eyes without any words exchanged. They panted, jaws wide and eyes searching each other. Neither made a movement other than heaving their chests up and down. He wanted her so badly. The adrenalin in his veins told him to pounce on her now. He could tell she wanted the same. He would have kissed her then if she didn't have that wedding-

His eyes searched the hands on her wide hips and saw no trace of the ring. Before he could register that fact the woman tackled him into the bushes and locked lips with him. Her strong legs wrapped around his and they fell into the twigs and roots. Her body pressed against his and she wormed her mouth around his. Her hips humped his and her kisses were only stopped by her still constant gasps for air. 

"So-" It was the first word she had said to him, "What is your name?" She wrenched the words from her desperate lungs and lustful lips. She stripped off her shirt and sports bra without restraint. Her motherly tits hung high with youth, vigor, and health. 

"John." He breathed out. He responded as he groped her with his burning muscles. His cock grow against her as she straddled him. "I'm a software analyst. You?" 

She leaned over him and let him suck her nipples as she groaned out, "Molly. I own a bakery." She ground her hips desperately as he grabbed her ass, her legs must have been on fire, he knew his were, "I have two three year old twins. Is that a problem?"

"I like kids." He yanked her shorts down just enough to see her pussy glisten. She sat her bare ass on his lap, stretched her legs out and let him tear her bottoms to her ankles. "I saw you had a ring on before-" She kicked off her bottoms and was naked above her socks and running shoes.

She fished out his cock and lowered herself onto it with a flat-footed squat. "Filed for divorce last night." She moaned as it sunk into her, "You?" She bounced with a strait back and hands pushing on her knees, her pussy pumping his member.

"Single." He grunted as she rode his cock, "S-So you want to get married?"

"That would make things simpler." She shivered in pleasure as he pierced her. Her tits bounced. "I'm only twenty five. You want more kids?"

"Sure." He pumped into her and she kept herself in a sitting position with her strong, shaking muscles. "I guess that makes things more simple too, at least, right now." He was already so close to impregnating her again.

"Great!" She went back down to her knees with exhaustion as he thrust up and into her. "Anything else I should know?"

"Uh," John had never felt so close to anyone before, especially not a complete stranger. "I like to be on top?"

"Why didn't you say so!" They rolled and he pounded her ass into grass. Her shoulders rolled along the dirt and undergrowth. "Oh fuck!" She cursed as he sped up his pace. "Play with my tits more!"

"Sure." He leaned over her licked her hard nipples. She gasped in pleasure as he thrust into her. "What about you? Anything else?" he massaged her mounds as he circled his hips with his thrusts. 

"Uh-" She was gasping with heat, sex, and exhaustion, "I'm really competitive." She moaned. "It turns me on." She was close. "When I win, I want to really win, and I want to dominate whoever I beat, and when I lose I, I," Her legs gripped him tight, "Fuck!" She was close. "Knock me up!" She ordered, "Make me yours!" She cried. 

His cock obeyed and inseminated her. She cried out like an animal in heat and came on his ejaculating lance, "Yes!" She gripped the roots and leaves around her on the floor of the woods with her fingers and toes curling in ecstasy. "Take me!" She trembled and shook and heaved until her pussy had milked every last drop of his seed. "Oh wow." She laughed as she came down from the high. "Woah." She breathed deeply. "Okay. That was great." He felt like all his strength was gone, but he knew she was the same. Neither could move from each other.

"So." John gulped, his face in her tits, "Do you want to get breakfast?"

"Great idea." She nodded.