 Lisbeth and Jesse had been living together for two months. They were in a routine, with Lisbeth working as a receptionist at a law firm, and Jesse working from home as a consultant. Catie was settling in well, and had been ecstatic when she found out she would not only have her own room, but Jesse had painted it pink, just like she had dreamed. For the first time in her life, she had a brand new bed, and it was also a princess castle! Jesse doted on her, and Lisbeth couldn't be happier. She knew that Catie needed a father figure, and Jesse was the best thing to happen to bother of them. Jesse's daughter, Zaida, was slower to adapt, but that was also part of her being a teenager. They knew she would come along in time. 

Jesse was also very happy. Lisbeth supported his running, and had set ambitious goals of her own. They would go running as a family, with Catie tagging along on her bike. And while Lisbeth would get Catie bathed and ready for bed, Jesse would go out to the garage to work on his projects. He had picked up woodworking as a way to work with his hands and see some tangible fruits of his labor. His most recent project was to build his own desk using live edge mesquite. This particular project had taken four months to complete, but he was nearing the finish line with it, and it was turning out beautifully. Lisbeth had already asked him if the next project could be a new dining room table.

Jesse's new desk project was the first time in his life he had built or accomplished something that was for himself, rather than someone else. He had always been generous, and it had taken a lot of time and therapy for him to start going after what HE wanted. Lisbeth was one of those things, although they had pursued each other after spending months beating around the bush about their feelings for each other. Lisbeth was always demonstrating her gratitude for Jesse's generosity. When he showed up with a brand new Honda Passport for her, she arranged for a date night and left Catie with a friend. By the end of that evening, the vehicle had been fully initiated. Lisbeth had worn a short skirt and tight tank top that showed her new man that he was appreciated and would be rewarded. After dinner, they had parked on a hilltop and watched the stars until their lust took over, and Lisbeth rode him in the back seat. Her skirt had been pulled up to reveal her freshly waxed pussy, and she impaled herself on his rod while he ripped off her tight tank-top to get to her beautiful breasts and suck on them. After she came, she had bent over and begged him to ram her from behind, to fill her with his seed. Their desire for each other had grown as they each learned how similar their fantasies and desires were.

One desire of Jesse's remained unfulfilled, however. 

The following weekend, Lisbeth flew to Chicago to her father. Jesse had again been generous and purchased a ticket for her and Catie to fly up to see him. Since moving north, she had missed him terribly, and having recently lost her Mom, Lisbeth wanted to spend as much time with him as she could. Jesse had a weekend to himself. 

After taking Lisbeth and Catie to the airport Friday evening, he had returned home and spent the evening watching guy movies and eating pizza. Saturday morning started with a 10-mile run, not as long as he really wanted, but his focus was not on training this weekend. He spent the rest of the day in the garage sanding and finishing his new desk. The resin made the colors of the mesquite pop, and as usual, he had overbuilt it. This desk was extremely heavy and stout. He figured he and a couple of his buddies could stand on it without it giving way. With the help of a dolly, he got it into his office and set up. He was pleased with the results, but also wanted to start on the dining room table. So back to the garage he went, donned the leather gloves and began sorting through the rough lumber. After looking through what he had, he sketched out his idea and began to measure and cut pieces. He enjoyed the process and got lost in it. Jesse planed the boards and began to put together a table, using resin to fill in the gaps. He preferred to use the resin so that very little of the lumber was wasted, as normally happens when the rough edges are removed. Jesse had not had a weekend alone in a long time, and when he realized how hungry he was, he looked at his watch and realized it was 2:00 a.m. Sunday. He had completely lost track of time. But a lot of progress was made, and he knew Lisbeth would be pleased. So, a trip to IHOP and a shower later, he was preparing for bed.

Sunday afternoon was typical -- dishes, some light cleaning to remove the evidence of his temporary return to bachelorhood, and a load of laundry, then he drove to the airport to pick up his girls. Jesse was greeted with a running hug from Catie and a passionate kiss from Lisbeth. They stopped on the way home for an early dinner so that Catie could get to bed early for school the next day. Once she was down, Lisbeth went to look at the new table. She was pleased with the idea and progress made. But she was ecstatic when she saw Jesse's finished desk. Seeing it made her realize how beautiful her table would be. She had a man who was taking care of her, and she felt a warm shiver run through her body. Lisbeth kissed her man to thank him.

"Do you want to watch some TV before we go to bed?" he asked.

"We can. Just one show, though. I want to get to bed early." Lisbeth was the health-conscious, schedule-following one in their little family. Jesse knew it was good for him, so he didn't balk at the idea.

After an episode of NCIS, Lisbeth went to prepare for bed, while Jesse checked the doors and turned off the lights. Lisbeth was about to go check on Catie when she saw Jesse head into her room. She watched him kiss her on the forehead and thanked God that she had found him. And she had an idea. Lisbeth quickly changed into a new teddy that Jesse had ordered for her, but she had not yet gotten around to wearing for him. It was black silk, high cut on the legs, crotchless, and had a shelf bra built in that put her breasts on display in a manner that clearly communicated "suck them!" But she didn't wait in bed, as she normally did. With Jesse taking a shower, she snuck out of the bedroom.

After drying off, Jesse left the bathroom and walked to his dresser to get a pair of skivvies. He expected to see Lisbeth in bed, watching him like she normally did. He often didn't get to the dresser she would get up, push him to sit on the edge of the bed, and kneel to suck on his manhood. Rarely did she suck him to climax. While she loved the taste of his seed, and she would often swallow to show him that she belonged only to him, she would just as often bend over the edge of the bed and beg to be fucked from behind. Having not seen each other all weekend, Jesse was looking forward to another of their erotic escapades. He threw on some boxers and called out, "Lisbeth, Sweetheart! Where are you?"

"I'm in your office. I wanted to take another look at your desk, Love. Come here. There's something you should see."

Jesse was worried that perhaps the desk had cracked or the resin wasn't holding. But to his surprise, the desk was not only holding firm, it was holding his woman. Lisbeth was perched on the desk, lying on her side seductively, her breasts pointing toward him, begging to be sucked, her teddy clearly pointing to her secret garden where she was to be fucked.

"I can't let you use the desk without it being initiated first." Lisbeth announced. She felt almost everything we owned had to be "initiated." Even my pickup, that I'd had for years, even before we got together had been initiated. On an evening drive in the country we had parked in a secluded spot, and Lisbeth had lain in the bed of the pick on a sleeping bag she had brought and given her body to me. Since they, every time I had loaded up the bed of the truck, I had remembered her there, waiting for me, touching herself, her twat glistening in the moonlight from the moistness she had created, inviting me to mount her. Which I had done that night, and again many afterwards. Lisbeth reminded me often not only how much she loved me and appreciated me, but how she belonged only to me, and I to her. She was intent to ensuring that my eyes never roam and my passion never be given to any woman but her.

"You look amazing in that lingerie, Baby. My god, you're so sexy." I said as I started to kneel. I wanted to taste her, to make her gush, to watch her climax. But it was not to be.

Lisbeth gently grabbed my face and led me to her lips. We kissed passionately. I felt her breasts, her nipples already erect and hard, while her hands moved into my boxers to feel my hardened manhood. Our tongues danced with each other, the temperature of the room rose with our heat for each other. "Lie down on your desk, Dr. Richards." 

I did as I was told, the wood cool on my back. Lisbeth mounted me, lined up my rigid cock with her very wet pussy, and lowered herself. The teddy accentuated her curves, and I saw my cock disappear into her secret garden. She put her hands on my chest and began to grind against me, moaning, loving me. "Oh god, Jesse, I love you. I love how you feel inside me. I love how generous you are, how good you are to me and Catie." Our eyes locked, and her intensity grew "When you're working at this desk, I want you to remember me. I am yours, and whenever you want me, you don't have to ask. Take what you want from me. You can do whatever you want to me. I will love you and take care of you better than you ever thought possible. And you'll take care of me, Love."

Her pussy got tighter, but she was so wet that I moved easily into her and out of her, our bodies rhythmically moving together. I touched, tasted, and sucked on her tits and her neck as she ground her pussy against my pubis while I impaled her. 

"My god, Lisbeth, I've missed you. I've wanted you. I've wanted you since I first laid eyes on you. You are mine...only mine. God, I love fucking you, feeling your pussy on my cock, your tits in my mouth. I love you so much."

"Oh, Jeff, I love you, too. And I love feeling you inside me. Please, Love! Please come inside me. Claim me, make me yours! Get me pregnant with your baby!"

As she repeated her begging for my seed, I watched her body move, my cock getting harder. I sat up, turned her over, and mounted her. I pushed deep inside her as she spread her legs wide, wanting me deeper in her cunt. I lost control, humping madly, pushing hard, fucking her hard and fast.

"Yes, Jesse! Yes! Fuck me hard! Take me! Own me!" she cried, climaxing, her pussy clamping down on my cock, her juices squirting onto my cock, dripping onto my balls and then to the desk.

I slammed into her, our thighs clapping against each other, my body shaking as I reached the mountaintop. With one last thrust, I pushed deep into her and exploded, launching my seed into her body, streams of my come gushing into her womb. I was frozen in time and space, still pushing hard into her, refusing to let any semen leak from her body, convulsing over and over again in ecstasy, her breasts quivering and shaking each time. I looked into her eyes, and she looked into mine. No words were necessary. 

As my orgasm subsided and my cock went limp, I slipped out of her. We climbed off of the newly initiated desk and walked hand-in-hand to bed. We drifted off to sleep as I held her, both of us sated and loved. 

I'm so glad I found this woman.