 I had a hard-on when I got up that morning. I still had it after I went to the toilet. Since I'd have to take care of it myself, I headed for the top drawer of my dresser where I had hidden one of my dad's issues of Penthouse. My prick oozed pre-come as I read the letters in the 'Forum' section of the magazine. Man, how I'd like to experience some of the things in those letters. Almost nineteen years old and still virgin. I sometimes couldn't believe it myself. A seminar I had attended at school gave me a vivid fear of contracting AIDS through casual sex. Although I'd give my eyeteeth to suck and fuck some of the girls I dated, I just couldn't take the chance, even if they did seem healthy and willing.

So, I looked at the picture of a sexy blonde, whose shaved pussy had a small patch of black pubic hair, as I jacked off and shot my wad into the bathroom sink. 

A few minutes later, as I was getting dressed, I glanced toward the house next door. Wham! instant hard-on. In the bedroom across from mine, our neighbor, Ruth, was naked as a jaybird.

She and her husband, Bill, have lived next door since before I was born. She used to baby-sit me. She's very attractive, in her mid-thirties, and always has seemed like one of the family. I truly love her.

But, jeez, seeing her luscious tits and nipples and dark-haired pussy had me thinking thoughts I never had dreamed I'd think.

She apparently was looking at herself in the big mirror on her closet door. I stroked my prick as I watched her fondle her nipples, then dip her finger into her cunt. She licked her finger. 

I suddenly realized I was seeing Ruth as I never had. She's as sexy as any of the babes in the magazine? And she's real, not just a picture. I longed to lick her finger. And a lot more. Dream on, I thought. 

A short time later, I was getting ready to mow our backyard when Ruth called from her back door, "Hey, Tom, come on over and have a donut and coffee." This wasn't unusual, so I headed over. 

Ruth was barefoot and wearing a shortie robe. As she poured coffee, she motioned me to the chair beside hers at the kitchen table.

"So, what's with you this morning?" she asked.

"Do you and Bill ever talk dirty to each other?"

"Wha-a-at?"

"Do you and Bill..."

"I heard you."

"Well, do you?"

"I can't believe this is the same Tom I used to baby-sit."

"It's not. I'm no longer a kid, and I'm very interested in sex. And you haven't answered my question."

"Where'd you come up with such a question?"

"I was reading the letters to Forum in one of my dad's Penthouse magazines and wondered if people really talk to each other as they do in some of the letters. I can't very well ask Mom or Dad, but I didn't think you'd mind telling me."

"I see."

"What's more, just so you'll know, when I looked out my bedroom window a while ago I saw you naked."

"My, my. And?"

"And I liked what I saw. And I want to lick your wet finger like you did."

"You're getting hard just thinking about it, aren't you?" she asked as she glanced at my crotch.

Embarrassed, I mumbled, "Yes. Very hard."

"I can't believe I'm telling you this, but talking about it is making is me horny. I haven't even considered sex with anyone except Bill since we got married before you were born but..."

"Is that what you're considering now? Are you going to let me lick your finger?"

"Tom, honey, I'm thinking about us doing a whole lot more than that."

I'm sure I had an amazed look as I asked, "Are you serious?"

She put her hand on mine and gazed into my eyes. "I'm very serious." 

I was so nervous I hardly could speak. "Will you let me kiss you?"

"Sweetie, I want you to kiss me all over."

I leaned over and put my lips against hers. She pulled away.

Bewildered, I asked, "Shouldn't I kiss your mouth?" 

"Of course, but open yours so we can touch tongues."

When I kissed her again, she literally sucked my tongue into her mouth. She put her hand on my hard-on and moved my hand to one of her tits. It felt soft and nice. The nipple was as hard as my prick. Her tongue continued to lap mine as she opened her robe so my hands could explore her bare breasts while she fondled my cock. I was so sexually excited that I was having a hard time breathing.

"Let's go to the bedroom," she urged.

I scooped her into my arms and carried her there as fast as I could. When I put her down, she removed her robe. I stared in awe. Looking at her naked body had my heart pounding so hard that I'm sure she could hear it.

"You like?" she asked. "Talk dirty and tell me."

I had such a hard time talking that I actually stammered. "Your t-tits and n-nipples b-beautiful. I'd love to suck them ."

"Not until you get out of those clothes. You have the only uncircumcised cock I've ever seen. Of course, that was many years ago. I can't wait to see if the skin hangs over the end when it's hard. In any case, I bet it's magnificent."

While she was talking, she put her finger in her cunt. It was all wet and shiny as she held it out to me. "Here, you said you wanted to lick my finger."

I sucked it. "Umm! Tastes good."

"Have you never tasted come?"

"Did you just come?" 2

"Heavens no. You just tasted my lubrication. It's sort of like pre-come on your prick. You'll get to taste my come before I'm finished with you this morning. Now, get out of those damned clothes."

When I finally stood naked before her, she stared at my prick which was sticking almost straight up against my stomach.

"Oooh! There's no skin covering your knob. You have one helluva good looking six or seven inches of cock. And your balls look like they're loaded with come." She wrapped her hand around me and moved the skin up and down over the knob. "That nice soft skin makes it easy to jack you off. I adore Bill's prick, but I sure wish it wasn't circumcised."

She put her arms around me and hugged me. Feeling her soft tits and taut nipples against my bare chest and her stomach against my prick was pure heaven. Then, she put one hand on my ass and the other behind my head as she pulled me close and stuck her tongue deep into my mouth.

She gave my lips a final wet kiss, put her hand under my balls and said, "C'mon let's get on the bed and have some oral sex."

Our tongues tangled in a passionate French kiss. My hand fondled one of her marvelous tits while she wrapped her hand around my prick. 

When we paused for breath, she asked, "Do you know what sixty-nine is?" 

"Sure. We suck each other at the same time."

"But first, I want to get a quick taste of your prick."

She licked and kissed her way down my body until she reached her goal. Her lips eagerly slurped the pre-come on the end of my cock. Next, she licked my glans, balls and entire length. Briefly, her warm mouth engulfed as much of my prick as it could. Wow! my prick never had felt so good.

She kept her hand on my cock as she moved up beside me for another kiss.

Then she asked, "Do you know what my clit is and where it is?"

"Yes, ma'am," I replied.

"When we sixty-nine, I'm going to straddle your face. I hope you'll kiss and lick every bit of my cunt, and stick your tongue in as far as you can. Then, please suck my clit until I come."

She reached for a tissue on her nightstand. "Here," she said as she handed it to me, "When I come, please keep sucking. If you don't want to swallow my come, hold it in your mouth until I've finished, then spit it in this."

She squatted over my face and began sucking my prick. Her cunt looked and smelled wonderful. I kissed it, licked it and plunged my tongue into it. Then I ran my tongue along the space between her slit and her anus before I wetly licked her puckered asshole. It had a slightly-salty taste.

"Oh, Tom, that feels nice. I've never been licked there."

I did it again as she resumed sucking my prick.

While gently sucking her clit, warm sticky fluid poured into my mouth. It tasted great. I continued sucking, because I wanted to, not because she had asked me to. As I continued to lap her cunt, my come erupted into her mouth. She swallowed it and kept sucking until she got every drop. She moved up beside me. We kissed enthusiastically, 3 tasting our come on each other's lips.

"Ruth, I had no idea that come would taste so good."

"I just love the taste. I'd also love to have you fuck me, but I don't have any condoms. I'll get some when I go to the store this afternoon, then you can come over tomorrow morning and we'll fuck like bunny rabbits. Let's rest a few minutes, then take turns sucking each other."

"Okay," I said, eager to taste more of her delicious come. "Let me go first." 

"I'm so ready to have you eat me that my cunt's actually throbbing," she said as she placed a pillow under her ass and spread her legs.

I quickly moved my face between her thighs, and she placed her legs on top of my shoulders. I spread the wet pink lips. "Your cunt looks so delicious that I may come just from looking at it."

"Oh, Tom, " she sighed as she ran her fingers through my hair.



I gave her asshole a wet kiss and licked it several times. She moaned and tightened her legs around my head.

Craving the taste of her pussy, I stuck my tongue into it as my finger gently rubbed her asshole. I greedily licked her entire cunt before I opened my mouth around her clit and sucked it until her come drenched my lips and face. After lapping up all of her come, I buried my nose in her pubic hair and savored the heavenly aroma.

When I again moved up beside her, she licked her come from my lips. "You make my cunt feel wonderful," she said. Then she moved one of her nipples to my mouth and said, "Suck this for a minute before I suck you." I happily sucked as she fed me each of her magnificent nipples.

She dragged her tits along my body as she moved her mouth down to my crotch. She licked the head of my cock as though it was an ice cream cone. Then, she gently sucked the knob. Next, she put her mouth around me and did things with her lips and tongue that made me come so much I thought I'd never stop. She kept sucking until I was completely drained before she moved up beside me and plunged her tongue into my mouth. I could taste my own come, and liked it.

A short time later, I went home with a hard-on, wondering how I could manage to wait until morning when Ruth and I could fuck. 

The following day, I woke earlier than usual, and pulled on a pair of shorts. but nothing else. I paced my bedroom, feeling guilty because I was just killing time until I could go next door to have sex with the wife of my good friend Bill. Despite my feeling of guilt, I had a hard-on from thinking of Ruth's naked body and all the sexy things we'd soon be doing. I had a great deal to learn from my newfound teacher and I was anxious to do so.

My folks were finishing breakfast when I entered our kitchen. I mumbled a surly "G'morning," then patted my dad's shoulder and kissed my mom's cheek. Dad left for work as I was eating a bowl of cereal, and Mom left to finish getting ready for a shopping spree with some of her neighborhood pals.

Fifteen minutes later, knowing that Bill should be on his way to work, I dialed Ruth's number. I was as tongue-tied as the first time I called a girl for a date. Talking to Ruth in the normal way seemed odd after the intimacy we had shared. 4

To me, her 'hello' sounded so sexy that it made my heart flutter and left me momentarily breathless.

"Hi," I finally muttered. "Mind if I come over for a cup of coffee and whatever goodies you're offering?"

"Get over here. We'll skip the coffee and get right to the goodies."

"I'm going to hang up and I'll probably be there before the line goes dead" A greyhound would have had a hard time beating me to her back door and into her kitchen.

Holy mackerel! You could have knocked me over with a feather. There sat the object of my lust, completely naked. She had a smirk on her face. One leg was crossed over the other and her foot was swinging up and down. Her provocative attitude seemed to say 'Hey, big boy, want some of me?'. My prick was far ahead of my voice in announcing my readiness. 

"What if I'd been a delivery man at your back door?"

"I suppose I'd tell him hello and hope he enjoyed the view as much as you and your hard-on seem to be doing."

She looked pleased when I took off my shorts. Her eyes never left my prick as I strolled over to her. Uncrossing her legs, she grasped my cock, leaned forward and put her mouth around it. I put my hands on her head and watched her suck me. I thought she was going to give me another blowjob, but she pulled away and quickly sheathed my prick in a condom. She stood. As I reached to take her in my arms, she said, "Sit down."

The moment I was seated, she straddled my lap, grasped my hard-on, then lowered her body as she guided my prick into her cunt. She sat perfectly still, gazed into my eyes and whispered, "That feels so good."

God, yes, I thought. This was my first time. I had always imagined that a cunt would make my prick feel like it does when I hold it in my warm soapy hand during a shower. No way! The feeling was almost indescribable. My prick throbbed in the warmth surrounding it. Ruth tightened her cunt muscles in response. I didn't think my prick ever could enjoy anything more. I soon would learn it could. 

"I felt so happy about what we did yesterday," Ruth said, "that last night I gave Bill the best fuck he's had in months. I almost said your name as I was coming."

"Are you sorry about yesterday?"

"Sorry? No such thing. I've been looking forward to fucking you ever since then," she told me as she bounced up and down on my cock. "I'm coming," she sighed. The warmth around my prick increased as her come drenched my balls. She softly moaned, "Oo-o-oh!," and collapsed against me. 

My prick still throbbed in anticipation. Realizing that I hadn't come, she reached between her legs to hold the base of my prick, while she reached behind her to stroke my balls with her other hand. "Poor baby, you haven't come. Well it's time to soften you up." She tightened her cunt muscles and bounced up and down only two or three times before I exploded into the condom. She kissed me tenderly until my prick softened inside her. 

Before I realized what she was doing, she knelt in front of me, removed the condom, then lapped and sucked all the come from my cock. 5

Holding my flaccid rod, she looked up at me and said, "That cute foreskin does cover your knob when your prick's soft." She gave it a quick suck, then said, "Let's go in on the bed so you can eat me and I can go down on you before we fuck some more."

During the next year and a half, until I left for college, Ruth and I frequently made each other come. We did it orally and fucking. She loved to have me lick her asshole. And she loved to hold her tits around my cock while I fucked them until I came or to jack me off until my come spurted onto my stomach. She always collected my come with her fingers, then licked her fingers clean. 

I'm now in my second year of college and for about six months have been going steady with a real cutie. When we first started dating, we did a lot of French kissing and petty groping in the back seat of my compact car. At that time, she wouldn't allow me any further liberties, thus leaving my balls aching. Then for several months she let me finger-fuck her and suck her tits, and she'd jack me off into a handkerchief. There wasn't enough room in the back seat for me to comfortably lick between her legs. Several times she sucked me, although not enough to make me come.

When the weather got warm, we spread a blanket on the ground and she opened her legs so I could lick her pussy or fuck her while wearing a condom. She really enjoyed having me make her come with my mouth, so she finally sucked me until I came. She swallowed it and liked it so much that she now willingly gives me a blowjob.

Ruth and Bill regularly send me letters. With mid-term break coming up, Ruth added this P.S. to their most recent letter: "When you get home, I hope you'll have the time and desire to do the things we used to do. I'm soaking wet for you right now." 

My prick gets hard just thinking about tasting Ruth's come, having her suck me, feeling her cunt milk my prick, and licking me clean after I come

My girlfriend and I have lots of sex, but right now while I'm thinking about Ruth, you'll have to excuse me. I'm going to the bathroom sink and jack off.