 Chapter 1 - Getting Acquainted

"Oh god, another boring week with nothing to do," I said to myself. 

What's wrong with me, retirement was supposed to be rejuvenating, something to look forward to, not something to dread. Having recently retired from my job of 35 years, I was sitting at home alone with nothing to do. I blame myself in part for my predicament, my divorce ten years ago left me in a very bad place and I didn't handle it well. Although we had two wonderful children as a result of our marriage, my wife leaving me came out of the blue, no warning, no hints, and just some legal documents indicating she had filed for divorce. She didn't even have the heart to deliver them herself, they came by messenger at work. I tried to talk to her about it, but she moved out the same day the papers were served and refused all methods of communication.

I went through several stages of grief. The first was denial; I couldn't and wouldn't believe this was happening. Next came the depression and it was severe. Why did she do this, what had I done or not done to cause this? Even the kids were at a loss. M y son just said, "She's crazy dad." My daughter was a little more circumspect but didn't really have an answer either. Then came the anger which actually served me well in the divorce. I got a good lawyer and fought everything in the divorce tooth and nail. I was going to make her pay for what she did to me. The end result was my wife wound up with very little, I got full custody of the kids, the house and no alimony. But my victory, if you could call it that, was hollow. I was still alone, depressed and didn't really know what to do next.]

So I buried myself in my job and ignored any social activities and kept pretty much to myself. Now I sit here, ten years later having just retired. The kids have grown up and moved on with their lives, I have a fully paid off four bedroom home in the suburbs to rattle around in with not much to do except mow the lawn, fix the occasional leaky faucet or squeaky door and watch one of 250 channels on my satellite TV. And of course there is never anything good on.

I did manage to keep myself up physically watching my diet and exercising regularly. It would have been so easy to fall into the trap of being a couch potato but at least I managed that part of my life well. 

Prior to the divorce my wife and I were quite active sexually. Although she had a few hang-ups in the sack, mainly oral sex, we were adventurous in what we did and fantasized about threesomes, swapping partners or participating in orgies but never made that final step to actually do anything. As of late, my only sexual release came from my right hand while watching porn.

I started thinking about a lifelong dream I had to travel around the country in an RV and just go where ever the road takes me. I researched various RVs, viewed numerous models at countless dealers and eventually decided to buy a 36 foot Class A model with all the bells and whistles. A Class A model is the type that looks like a bus with a large windshield and entry door on the passenger side. They typically come with a full kitchen, bath, and bedroom and slide-outs to expand the living area when parked. 

I soon discovered it really is a different life style and I took a few short trips to get used to it and discover what I needed and what I didn't for longer trips. Those trips served me well in preparing for a trip I took in the fall. That trip was about a month long and started from my home in Michigan, around Chicago and north to Minnesota then west through South Dakota, Wyoming, and Utah, turning south through Nevada, and Arizona returning to Michigan via a southern route through New Mexico, Texas, Oklahoma, Arkansas, Tennessee, Kentucky and Indiana. All total the trip was about 5,500 miles and took me through some amazing country and spectacular sites. It was a great trip but also a very lonely one. There is only so much excitement you can get out of viewing something like the Grand Canyon by yourself. It's so much better when you have someone to share it with. 

When I got home, I decided to see if I could find someone who shared similar interests in traveling in an RV and a desire to wander the highways of the US. What I wanted was a travel companion. Having lived alone for so long I was a little apprehensive that I could find anyone. I preferred that person be female, around my age, have a sense of humor, and be a good conversationalist. I wasn't looking for a romantic relationship, just someone of a similar mind set to share some experiences. If something romantic or sexual happened, that was just an added benefit. I started checking out a few web sites that offered assistance in finding "travel companions". Many of those sites were nothing more than an escort service offering a companion for a price. Those prices could be pretty steep for the average Joe but also offered a lot more than just "companionship."

I eventually found a couple of sites that seemed to offer more along the lines of what I wanted. Someone who liked to travel, wasn't looking for a romantic relationship, wasn't expecting to be paid and just wanted to have fun. I began corresponding with a woman in a nearby town I met through one of the sites and we started to develop a rapport. She described herself as recently widowed, 58 years old, an empty nester like me with a grown daughter, in good shape physically and liked to travel. She had never travelled in an RV but liked the idea with the ability to stop where ever you want without having to live out of a suitcase. We exchanged photos and finally agreed to meet. 

Her name was Shelley and was about 5'6" tall, had an athletic figure, full breasts, shoulder length brown hair, and a delightful smile. She looked much younger than her 58 years but people say the same about me too. Our first meeting was at a little café in a small town abut half-way between our home towns. It was a bit stilted initially since she hadn't dated since her husband passed nearly two years ago and I of course hadn't either since my divorce. But once we loosened up, we had a delightful time and talked for hours. Shelley was a very tactile person, always touching, stroking or rubbing the person she was with. I'll have to admit it was cute but surprisingly arousing causing my cock to grow and tingle a bit when she was touching me. I don't know if she knew the affect it was having but I suspect she did as she would occasionally glance down at my crotch with a mischievous smile on her face. Several follow up meetings confirmed for both of us that we seemed to be a good fit and agreed to take a short trip in the RV to see how things went. I planned a long weekend trip up to the Mackinac Bridge area staying at an RV park nearby on the shore of Lake Huron. Shelley lived about 50 miles from me but en route to our destination so we agreed that I would pick her up on the way. 

I arrived at her place around 10:00 AM on a Thursday, pulling up in front of her house in the RV with my Jeep in tow behind. Shelley had never seen the RV before and was suitably impressed with its size and features. I helped her get her things loaded and stored. Then we were off on our adventure. We hadn't talked about sleeping arrangements but the RV offered several options; a king size bed in the bedroom, a dinette that converted into a double bed, a couch that folded out into a bed, and a loft bed that dropped down over the driver cockpit area. We both felt an underlying tension whenever the subject came up but we chose not to address it directly at this point.

The drive was uneventful and we talked the whole way. I talked about my kids and the divorce, my former job and places I would like to go in the RV. She talked about her recently deceased husband and I got the distinct impression it was not the happiest of marriages. Having someone along to talk to made the miles fly by and soon we arrived at our destination. I checked in at the office, drove to our assigned spot, parked and got things set up. 

All this was new to Shelley so I explained everything as I leveled the coach, opened the slide-outs, and hooked up the external electric, water and sewer. I also set up things outside extending the awning, and setting up chairs and the portable barbeque grill. Once everything was done, we sat down outside and enjoyed the view of Lake Huron and the bridge. 

"So how do you like it so far Shelley?" I asked.

"Jim, if you'd have asked me that several weeks ago, I would have said you were crazy to think I would enjoy this, but surprisingly I do!" she responded. 

"OK, so how about a little walk along the shore?"

"Sounds great, lead the way."

Ask we started out Shelley grabbed my arm and held on throughout the entire walk. If felt wonderful to have someone next to me, someone to talk to, laugh at my jokes and just enjoy the moment. I think Shelley felt the same way as her eyes would occasionally glaze over as she thought of something from her past, possibly some event she experienced with her husband.

"Penny for your thoughts?" I asked.

Shelley stopped for a second, looked at me and said, "I'd forgotten how nice it was to simply enjoy the moment, experience something new, and feel again." 

She turned towards me, stood on her tip-toes and gave me a kiss on the lips. It didn't last long but it felt like hot butter across my lips. Shelley then grabbed my arm a little tighter and leaned her head against my shoulder as we continued our walk. I was really starting to like this woman.

When we got back to the RV it was dinner time so we coordinated our efforts to get some food on the table. I cooked some steaks on the grill while Shelley made up some salads and a couple of nice side dishes to accompany the meal. We sat at the dinette in the RV and had a nice meal and great conversation and perhaps a few too many glasses of wine but at that point, no one cared. We finally got up to clean up and do the dishes (since the RV didn't have a dishwasher) and it was then that things started to get a little frisky between us. 

Maybe it was the wine or the situation but neither of us cared as we acted like teenagers playing grab-ass, teasing and flirting shamelessly. Finally, while Shelley was holding a dish behind her and giggling in a mock game of keep-away, I approached her, wrapped by arms around her and kissed her deeply on the mouth. She immediately responded by wrapping her arms around me and pulling me close. She parted her lips and slipped her tongue into my mouth as we tasted and explored each other. Shelley let out a low moan, briefly pulled back and said, "Oh my god, I didn't realize how much I missed this until right now. Please kiss me again Jim."

I pulled her close and at the same time allowed my hands to roam down to her ass pulling her groin against the growing lump in by pants. Shelley knew exactly what I was doing and was soon rubbing her pussy against my hard cock through our clothes. She moved her hands lower gripping my own butt cheeks through my jeans and pulling me tight against her.

In our minds the dishes were forgotten, the little game of grab ass a distant memory, all that mattered was getting as close to the other person has possible. Our mouths worked over each other as our tongues playfully fought an erotic battle. Our groans and moans grew until finally I said, "Oh my god, I just love this. . . I can't believe I went this long without it." I stepped back and looked at Shelley who displayed a look of lust I hadn't seen in a very, very long time. I moved over to the couch and sat down pulling her with me until she was sitting on my lap. I resumed our kissing but also started moving my hand up her body to caress her breasts, hidden beneath a tank top that revealed that she wasn't wearing a bra. As I grabbed her left breast, Shelley released a soft moan, "Oh god yes...yes..." 

I continued massaging her breast and pinching her nipple between my thumb and forefinger. I felt her nipple extend and harden as her breaths grew shorter and ragged. I moved to her right breast and repeated the process resulting in more groans from Shelley. After several more minutes of this stimulation, Shelley stood up grabbed my hand and said, "Come with me, big boy, I need you to fuck me right now." Her blunt language was a bit of a shock but who was I to argue. If she wanted to fuck, I certainly wasn't going to object, after all I'm just a guy!

We walked back to the bedroom and fell on the king size bed. I fell on top of her between her spread legs. My chest was rubbing against her pussy which Shelley was repeatedly thrusting upward by wiggling her hips around in seductive circles. I had no idea this woman was so wild but I certainly wasn't objecting. I slowly slid up her body until our lips met again in a desperate kiss. I moved my hand under her tank top and grabbed her bare breast slowly massaging it causing her to moan, "Oh god that feels nice, keep doing that. . ." I felt her hand moving between our bodies as she unbuckled my belt, unbuttoned my pants, and slipped her hand down inside to grasp my growing cock. When she grabbed it, I let out a deep groan, feeling my cock jerking under her touch. She whispered in my ear, "Get out of your clothes."

I quickly stood up and stepped out of my pants and boxers, stripped off my shirt in record time and stood mesmerized as Shelley undressed on the bed. She removed her tank top revealing her gorgeous breasts that despite her age, defied gravity with very little sag. They had large tan aureoles with pointed, erect nipples the size of pencil erasers. She removed her slacks and panties revealing a perfectly shaved pussy showing swollen lips dripping with juices revealing her extreme state of arousal.

She motioned me closer to the bed and leaned over taking my now erect cock into her mouth and licking it expertly with her talented tongue. I looked down at her in disbelief and amazement. No one had done that to me since I was a teenager, my ex-wife thought it was disgusting and refused and I can only remember Becky Smith doing that to me on a date back in high school but she really didn't know what she was doing and I never reached orgasm. But Shelley was an expert, she knew just the right buttons to push and push them she did. Licking, sucking, squeezing my balls, slurping up pre-cum dripping from my cock, she did it all and very well at that. I kept saying, "Oh my god, that feels sooooooo good, don't stop, don't stop..."

Shelley acted like a woman possessed, moaning and groaning as she sucked my cock like she hadn't done it in years and was trying to make up for lost time. I felt my orgasm approaching and warned her, "Shelley, I going to cum, I'm going to cum..."

"Good, please do, I want to taste your cum in my mouth." At least that's what I thought she said. It's really hard to understand what someone is saying with a cock in their mouth.

"Oh god, her it comes..." I shouted as my orgasm erupted and I shot my first load into her mouth. It didn't bother Shelley a bit as she continued to move her head up and down catching spurt after spurt of my cum and swallowing it all down.

"Holy shit that was amazing...you are amazing," was about all I could say.

Shelley just giggled a bit, "So you liked it?"

"God are you kidding me, I definitely liked it. . .that was fantastic. Now if you'll let me return the favor. . ."

"Oh goodie, I was hoping you'd say that." My ex-wife might not have liked oral sex but I absolutely loved it and I especially liked eating pussy.

I pushed her back on the bed and crawled up between her legs and lowered my head to her pussy. I breathed in her luscious aroma which spiked my level of arousal. Just before diving it I looked up and smiled, "It's been awhile for me, so let me see now...how does this work?"

Shelley giggled and said, "Oh shut up and get to work big boy."

And get to work I did. I started by licking around the outside of her cunt, licking gently on the outer lips of her pussy. I gradually moved in circles closing in on her slit then let my tongue slip inside moving up and down. I avoided direct contact with her clit by circling my tongue around it teasing her mercilessly. I moved back into her slit sucking up her plentiful juices then rammed my tongue up her tunnel as far as I could and twirled it around driving her crazy. I moved back up to her clit and finally allowed my tongue to drag over it. I repeated this action several times before flicking my tongue directly over her clit causing Shelley to scream out, "Oh god...Oh god...right there, yes, right there...I'm ccccccuuuuummmmming. . . . . . . . " She arched her back lifting her cunt into by face and went stiff while holding her breath. I could feel her cunt pulsing against my tongue, her cunt juices flooding over my face as she climaxed strongly for what seemed like a solid minute before relaxing and sinking back to the bed. She grabbed my head and pulled my face up to hers and kissed me deeply tasting her own cunt on my lips.

"I take it you liked that?" I asked.

"Holy shit, that was incredible . . . thank you. . . thank you. . .wow! I think I'm going to like traveling around in this RV!"

"Well that was just the preview; get ready for the main event." My cock was revitalized after my initial orgasm and raring to go. I got up on the bed between her legs with my cock pointing straight at Shelley's love tunnel. I leaned forward and placed the head at the entrance letting it rest there for a second. Then I pressed it forward and slipped into her cunt just a couple of inches causing Shelley to exclaim, "Oh yes that feels sssoooooooo good, oh my god..."

I pushed forward slipping further and further into her until I was all the way in. Shelley began pumping me with her cunt muscles and I could feel her grasping, squeezing and releasing my cock as she did so. It felt amazing and I could have laid there and done nothing letting Shelley get me off with just her contractions. But I couldn't wait and slowly started pumping in and out of her in long strokes, pulling out until just the head remained inside, then thrusting back in all the way.

"Harder, harder, fuck me harder Jim; ram that wonderful cock in me. . . "

I became more forceful, ramming my cock harder and harder into her, every thrust combined with a grunt and a moan from each of us. Had my RV not had the leveling jacks extended, I'm sure the whole thing could be seen rocking from side to side by our actions. But I didn't care; all I could think about was ramming my cock into Shelley and hearing her cries of ecstasy. I felt my orgasm approaching and said, "Oh I'm going to cum. . . I'm going to cum."

"Oh god yes, fill me with your spunk, fill me up. . . "

Shelley began climaxing herself which sent me over the edge as we orgasmed together, jerking and spasming as I shot stream after stream of hot cum into her cunt filling it to the brim. We laid there for several minutes catching our breath until I finally rolled over, settling down next to her and said, "Well I guess the issue of sleeping arrangements is resolved, wouldn't you say?"

"Definitely, most definitely. . . " 

========

After we got up, cleaned up and finished washing the dishes, we went outside on the patio to enjoy the evening. Shelley said, "I guess I owe you an explanation."

"How so?"

"I feel like I may have deceived you about my past and how I acted inside just a few minutes ago."

"OK, is this where you tell me you some sort of secret agent working undercover to expose senior citizens who use RVs to seduce older women?" I laughed.

"No but certainly not as innocent as I may have seemed. You see married life with my husband was anything but happy. Oh sure, we started out in love and had a wonderful daughter, but soon after she was born, he changed. He became aloof, disinterested, and sometimes downright mean. Not physically but mentally, calling me names, complaining about everything, rejecting my efforts to resolve our problems, stuff like that. It was literally a living hell for a while until I learned to just turn it off and ignore him."
