 We had always wanted to visit a quality nudist park, and we took a recommendation to visit one in Northern California.

To do so we had to drive our RV hundreds of miles south leaving a much cooler environment into the much hotter Sacramento valley. Perfect for sunbathing, being in the nude, but it is obvious the air conditioning will be well used in the RV.

We chose the Labor Day Weekend, as we wanted to see the nudist park at maximum capacity, then plan on returning during less busy times. Arriving on Wednesday before the holiday did allow us to see the park only about half full.

It was easy checking in for the week. First we had to stop for groceries, and everything we needed for the week. Sometimes we tow a car, but on this trip we did not.

I (Richard) connected the RV up to leveling and utilities, while Lynn took care of extending the sections, and setting up the coffee maker, etc. Normally the front shades in the motorhome would be put in place, but we decided to remain visible. 

Although we have far from perfect bodies, the warmth in the air, and the fact most people were already naked we quickly dropped our clothes. Turning on the air conditioner, we left the RV in the middle of the afternoon to go to the community pool. On this weekday afternoon there were about 60 people enjoying themselves.

The park had nice showers which are required to be used prior to using the swimming pool and hot tub. We rinsed off, and grabbed our towels. Lynn wanted to get some sun, while I opted for shade until the sun was not so intense. Although one is supposed to watch their eyes at nudist type resorts, it is difficult not to look. Almost everyone had sunglasses on, so who knows who was looking at what.

We were now glad we shaved our vital areas, it just seemed more the norm among this group. Lynn was able to get a Brazilian Wax the morning of check in, and I had completely shaved before we left home with some touch ups done.

I start talking to a couple about our ages in the shade, while I see Lynn talking to a woman a few years younger sunbathing. The couple (Tom/Sheila) ask if we would like to come over around 6PM for nachos and margaritas. "Just bring your towels" they add. I go over and check on Lynn, and ask her if the 6PM plan was OK. Lynn's new friend Denise asks me if we would be interested in playing cards later in the evening, with her husband David, and possibly others. "Sure," I say as I go back into the shade with Tom/Sheila, letting them know we are on for 6PM.

A few minutes later, Lynn stops by with her friend Denise, meeting Tom/Sheila for the first time. They are headed to Denise's RV to get some ice tea, and see what her husband David is doing. David is finishing his last email for the day, working remotely. The three sit around the air conditioned RV talking. While getting tea, Lynn noticed a funny shaped object next to the kitchen sink, and now asked what it was for. A little embarrassed Denise explains David puts it on his cock to pleasure both of them as it vibrates. Lynn said she was comfortable discussing this with them, and it was actually a turn on. She noticed his cock obviously grew during the conversation, and he apologized. Lynn said both her's and Denise's nipples hardened also. Denise showed Lynn a picture from her phone of the vibrating cock ring on is cock.

Lynn stops back by with Denise, and introduces David to me. Seemed like nice folks, had no idea at the time what transpired in their RV. Lynn asks me to come to RV to help her with something. Once in our RV she tells me the story, which instantly hardens my cock.

I kiss Lynn passionately, and fondle here while we are standing, and she strokes my cock. There is a knock on the door, which interrupts our passion in naked bliss, but standing. I sit down, as Lynn answers the door. Sheila is asking if we bought limes, and in fact we had purchased two for gin and tonics. Sheila is invited in by Lynn to see the RV. It is obvious I have an erection, but in the nudist culture, this is not discussed and not acknowledged.

I have to stand up to get my cell phone when it rings. My erection is now more than ever obvious, as they return to the front of the motorhome. To my surprise Lynn grabs my cock for a second, and says "down boy." 

"Nice man," Sheila responds laughing. Lynn sits in the middle of the couch, with Sheila and i on opposite sides of her. I apologize again for natural erection. Sheila says "no problem," followed laughingly with "a wonderful problem."

"If you would like me to leave just let me know. See you about 6PM." Sheila says. 

"I am also comfortable staying" Sheila laughs. Lynn sitting in the middle places her hands on both our thighs, and we each place a hand on hers. My phone rings again. As I come back to the couch I immediately notice Lynn and Sheila very comfortable with each other, talking/laughing.

I return to sit down, but Lynn insists in playing with my cock while I stand, and Sheila watches. Sheila reaches up and also starts playing with my cock. My cock is fully hard as Lynn now sucks on me from sitting down, while I am standing in front of both of them. Sheila places one hand on my butt cheek, while sweeping her other hand over Lynn's breast. Sheila is now positioned to take my cock, and Lynn allows her. A couple of minutes go by, when another knock is at the door. Tom is asking if we in fact have limes, as he will go to the store of we do not. We tell him we have limes, and insist he come in. Lynn walks to the back of the RV and shows Tom how our RV is setup. Shiela is back on the couch and I am getting everyone drinks, with a mostly erect cock. Lynn sits at the other end of the couch, and Tom sits in the middle. I hand Tom and Sheila their drinks.

As I hand Lynn her drink she takes a cube of ice and places it on my balls fooling around. I can see Sheila teasing Tom's cock with her hand, and his hands are now between each of the women's legs. Lynn takes my cock in her mouth, as I stand. Her other hand is on Tom's cock along with Sheila's hand. Lynn becomes more aggressive, now fully stroking Tom's cock, but still sucking on mine. I calmly motion Lynn letting her know it is fine if she wants to go down on Tom.

Lynn moves from sitting on the couch, to kneeling in front of Tom. Sheila motions she wants me to sit down next to Tom, and she kneels down servicing my cock, next to Lynn servicing Tom's cock. After a while Tom needed to use the bathroom, and we take a break. We talk for almost an hour, and basically agree we want to take this further during the next days together. Tom needs to get back to their RV to make a final work call, and they both depart as turned on as we are.

They forgot their limes, Lynn and I tease each other for a while. We go outside and drop the limes off, and head over to the pool for a while. By now both Lynn and I need to cool off in the pool. We talk to several couples, trying to behave ourselves. This is a nudist resort, but we have been told many of the members are open minded behind closed doors. We try to remember all their names, as we continue cooling down, conversing.

We see David and Denise in the pool, and come over to them. They ask if we are still interested in play cards this evening. We form a circle of the four of us in the pool, with our hands on waists. Being careful in the nudist environment, we flirt best we can using body language and our slow moving roaming hands.

Tom/Sheila come by to get us for happy hour. We say our goodbye to David/Denise, and say we will be by around dusk. On the way to their RV, we trade towels are our RV so we have something dry to sit on. Too hot to sit outside, we go inside their air conditioned motor home. They have already prepped for making nachos. Their motorhome is big enough for us to all stand and talk. Jimmy Buffet music is playing in the background, and it seems the tequila in the first drink is making both Lynn and I boldly romantic. We start kissing each other in front of our hosts, and just make fools of ourselves. Lynn starts dancing and teasing both Tom and myself as Sheila is putting the nachos in the oven.

After the oven door closes, Lynn starts flirting with Sheila in front of us. We have a seat as they make another margarita and start putting on a show. Their kissing and caressing each other seems to turn all of us on. Lynn has never done this, and the alcohol seems be be reducing her inhibitions. The nachos were eaten and the third margarita is being made. Lynn helps Sheila, and ends up with a drink down the front of her, from her neck down to her waist. All three of us have fun licking it from her, but it is obvious sticky. Lynn excuses herself to go shower by the pool, but our hosts insists she use their shower. As the shower door closes, Sheila sits between us, obviously feeling fine, and jacks our cocks. Tom tells Sheila she needs to check on Lynn in the shower. All we hear is the shower door open and close, and hear them half giggling. 

Eventually they come out of the shower. We help them dry off, but swapping partners. Lynn gives me a big kiss while she is being fondled by Tom, then makes out with Tom. Tom then takes Lynn's hand and heads to the back of the motorhome. Lynn winks at me letting me know all is well. Sheila and I remain in the kitchen area talking/flirting/kissing. We look to the back and see Tom fondling Lynn's breasts, then see Lynn start deep throating Tom's cock.

Sheila and I start passionately kissing, and fondling while still standing in the kitchen. We move onto the couch and I start finger her pussy as she strokes my cock. Once in a while we look back to check on Tom/Lynn, and they are having a great time. I start nibbling/sucking on Sheila's nipples, and want to be licking her very soon. She takes my fingers and tastes herself, with a simple smile. I get Sheila to lay down on the couch, so I can get between her legs. Freshly showered she is tasting very good, and is very responsive. However I soon remember that Lynn might be squirting, so I get up and ask for towels. I find Tom fucking Lynn with his fingers, and Lynn is cumming/flowing just fine. I was glad I got up, but am now back with Sheila. I asked Sheila to basically sit on my face, as I tongued her from below. She began to flow, and it was incredible to taste and please her. The only thing missing I wanted was a mouth or a pussy on my cock.

Sheila and I had back to the back and join Tom/Lynn. We cuddle with our own partners, as we still seem to be touching our new friends. We discuss eventually having full sex, and all agreed that would be OK. Still a little intoxicated we all leave the RV, back to the pool. 

We all shower, and head for the pool. I am caressing with Lynn in the pool as we discussed the events that just occurred. She really enjoyed herself, and she could tell I did also. We both head for the lounge chairs, and both of us take a nap in the warm evening. We both wake up to find David and Denise in the next two chairs. They invite us over to their RV as the sun goes down. We all take showers next to the pool. Lynn and I stop by our RV to straighten up our hair and brush our teeth. 

Arriving naked at their RV with our towels, we are invited in. Denise is wearing a see through wrap that made her look seductive. Lynn was wishing she was wearing something just as naughty. Feeling that Lynn now felt out of place, Denise then took her into the back of the RV to see if there was some lingerie that she could wear. Eventually Lynn comes out in black lingerie, black thigh high hose and high heels. "Wow" we said as she walked out. Denise then says they have also come up with something for me to wear. "Richard" we have a one piece we want you to wear. She hands me a new package of a cock vibrating ring. "New to me, but fine with me," I respond.

Denise takes it out of the package, and places the cock ring vibrating on my cock. Lynn helps David with his. David suddenly has an erect cock from the device.

It is obvious we are not going to be playing cards. We took a shot and a half of tequila to keep our buzz going. My cock is feeling the pressure of the cock ring, but the vibrator portion has not been turned on. My cock is a little tender from all the teasing today. Denise places some oil into Lynn's palm to massage into my cock and balls. Then she give me some oil to do the same to David. Lynn sits down and the two of us are standing, as she strokes both of our cocks at once. Denise stands behind us and softly touches our backs and sides, then grabs our butt cheeks.

With both of us in full salute, Denise pulls out two pieces of clothing to blindfold us. Lynn brings our cocks closer together so she can concentrate back and forth on both of us. We can feel Denise's hands on our balls, and teasing our nipples. Denise leads David back onto the bed, and lays him on his back. She then has Lynn suck his cock from between his legs. While Lynn is doing that she leads me into the bedroom area. Denise sits on the end of the bed and sucks me hard. She then gets up and places my hands on Lynn's back. I feel my cock in the crack of her ass, and move my cock up into her pussy. Stroking Lynn, I can sense Dave is moving his position, but still getting sucked. Somehow Denise has moved up by my balls and is licking them. Then I feel her tongue on my shaft and on Lynn's lower lips with my cock sliding in and out. As I pound Lynn, I sense David coming up off the bed, under Denise's control. I move aside and David takes my place with his hard cock up into her very wet pussy.

Denise sits on the bed and sucks my cock, as David fucks Lynn doggie style. Denise lays back so she can play with David's balls and take my cock in her. I suck on her nipples then insert my cock into her. She seems to love being fucked and playing with David in/around Lynn's pussy. We are soaking their bed, but they do not seem to mind. David pulls out of Lynn, and wants to cum in Denise so i swap places. I tell Lynn to lay on her back so I can cum to completion deep inside her. Within seconds of each other both David and I cum in our partners. We fall into a pile on the bed and nothing is said for about five minutes.

We agree to meet to play again on Friday evening at about 8PM. They said there may be another couple over, it would be our choice on whether to stay and play or not. We agreed that would be fun and said good night.

On the way back to the RV we stop and shower. Tom/Sheila are in the hot tub and we start up a conversation. It is obvious Sheila has been stroking or teasing his cock as it is erect in the hot tub. They invite us into the water. Sheila strokes Tom's cock for a while, then Lynn takes a turn. I explain I had just cum in Lynn and was recharging without providing more details. Sheila has Tom sit on the side of the ledge so both of the women can take turns blowing him. I keep a lookout, but we soon realize this should be done in the privacy of our RV. We talk about whether we should play this evening or tomorrow, and we end up going to their RV. 

It is obvious that Tom needs to cum, and Sheila is going to make it happen her way. Tom and I are sitting on the couch, the women remain standing in front of us. Sheila turns down the lights, and puts some music on. She insists on slow dancing with Lynn in front of us. Their dancing turns into kissing, and heavy fondling turning all of us on. Sheila grabs Lynn's hand and goes back to the bedroom. They end up making out while fondling each other and we get up to watch. As we make it back to the bed Sheila has moved around to the end of the bed and is kissing the inside thighs of Lynn. Lynn seems to enjoy the attention, Sheila may not know this is the first time a woman has seduced her. Both of us go up to the head of the bed so Lynn can suck our cocks, while Sheila continues pleasuring Lynn. Luckily they put down some extra blankets as Lynn succumbs to Sheila's sexual advances. Fully hard, Tom mounts Sheila. He fucks Sheila hard for a few minutes, then let's me in with my newly erect cock. Tom has Lynn suck on him again, this time with Sheila's juices on his cock. As Sheila comes off of eating pussy, she moves Lynn 90 degrees so Tom can easily enter Lynn missionary style. As Tom mounts Lynn for the first time Sheila kisses and fondles Lynn to make here more comfortable. I go down on Sheila to play with her clit with my tongue. I play with her nipples with my hand extended, placing the other hand near her ass and teasing her anus until my middle finger is up inside her deeply.

Out of exhaustion from the day's activities I lay down on the bed and figure out a way to fuck Sheila laying on my side. In David's final thrusts he cums inside of Lynn. As he relaxes Sheila is still taking my cock, but now she is insistent on going eating Lynn again, this time filled with Tom's cum. I cum in Sheila, and Lynn takes to cleaning my cock. Sheila and Lynn French kiss, basically tasting all four of us. We rest for a while, then make plans to do this again before the holiday weekend is over.

We rinse off on the way back to the RV, getting ready for bed, and basically pass out in each other's arms. We have a lot to talk about, but it will wait until morning.