 This RV park is a work of fiction. While I live in a Motorhome and travel to many, I have only encountered this park in my imagination. The cast of characters is expanding, and there are many stories to tell.

*****

Callie and Hallie Andrews were identical twin sisters. If that isn't enough to cause stirrings of your libido, then you have no imagination! But just in case, let's up the ante - they were twenty four, college educated, both five foot, two inches tall, both have naturally red hair and both of them have the kind of figures that most girls think they are supposed to have. In other words, lean bodies, long legs, tight butts and big boobs. Not "freak of nature" big, but very prominent on their tiny frames. And usually very prominently displayed as well. 

I don't recall ever catching them wearing bras, but I do recall the many times their nipples attempted to poke through their t-shirts, as well as many moments of pleasure as their dark areolae appeared in contrast. Hell, just thinking about them stirs my juices. 

Oh, did I mention that they were identically beautiful? As in, stunning visions of beauty? The kind that caused men to lose their ability to put complete sentences together, and to get weak in the knees as blood rushed to a temporary home in their pants. Hallie and Callie were gorgeous, sexy women who inhabited a rebuilt Airstream on the edge of the park. They came in one day, asking about long term pricing, and within minutes were parked, setting up, and proud recipients of a discounted rate for the summer they said they were staying. I mean, they both came to my counter, leaned forward over it, squeezing their boobs and gapping their shirts to afford a man views of mountains of joy. The rush of blood to my dick must have drained my common sense, because I'd never given that kind of discount before. When my wife (who manages our business) saw what I charged them, she was ready to shoot me until she caught a glimpse of them sunning themselves in bikinis later that day. 

"I bet they flashed you." She said. "It's how I always got a better rate." 

I think I blushed. "Uh, yeah. They did."

She just grinned. "I used to pay my rent the old fashioned way as well."

"Huh? What's that mean?" 

She walked up behind me and stuck her hand down my pants to find my hard dick. 

"What do you think?" 

"I think I need to collect some back rent from you! Get on your knees!" Valerie (that's her name, obviously) grinned and complied, getting on her knees with her back to the counter. 

"Honey, you just keep an eye on business. I'll take care of the bills!" With that she dove down on my 8 inches in one motion. I had to put my hands on the counter to stay on my feet. She managed to finish just as a 40 foot Allegro Motorhome parked in the registration lane. I just got my zipper pulled up when the driver came in. Making small talk was a little difficult - especially with Val grinning at me!

Let me say a bit about us. Val and I bought this RV park three years ago. We had both had it with corporate life - we met when we were in different departments of the same company in San Francisco - as well as city life. We found an older couple ready to sell, and after purchasing it we spent two years putting in renovations and slowly removing some of the beatup, rundown long term residents. Those we didn't have the heart to evict outright, we set up in a newly built, back section that was essentially a private neighborhood for them. 

Along the way, we added some twists. First off, we made the park clothing optional. It was find to go around nude. We accepted folks in the lifestyle as well, as long as they kept their sex stuff private. Some of our folk were pretty blatant around what they did in private - but the point was they kept it private. So with that, concrete pads for the RVs, enhanced WiFi, decent cable and a rotating collection of X rated DVD's for common use, we had ourselves an interesting place to live and work.

And on the personal side, we both had been married before and we still hadn't discussed our entire histories with one another. That had the affect of constantly keeping us surprised by one another. Val is a real looker - and that's given me a whole new awareness of myself - if a babe like her could choose me, I must be worth something! We live clothing optional so her assets that are almost always on display. Besides her mane of red hair, her green eyes and beautiful face, from the neck down she's also stunning. At five foot, two, her 38D rack is extremely prominent. Add to that the marked coloring of her areolae, her half inch nipples, flat stomach, toned arms, shaved pussy mound and top to bottom tan, and she's far more beautiful than I ever imagined I could be married to! She covers up when she's on desk duty (as do I) since we do occasionally get families who didn't plan ahead and need some place for the night. (We had just finished a small section of 5 sites just for that purpose).

To sweeten the package, Val is smart, funny and horny as hell! She's got the sex drive of a teenaged boy! For a while, I tried to keep (it) up. Thought I was doing okay - but then we got serious, and one of the conditions for our marriage became her freedom to have sex when ever and with whom ever she wanted. The condition I asked was that she always tells me every detail - which makes our sex even better. She's got a dirty mind and isn't bashful about it. That in itself brings many campers back for repeat visits!

Look, I'm not all that bad. I am ten year older than Val; I stand five foot eight, am in passable shape, and like to think that having a thick, eight inch dick is an asset. According to Val, I'm right. Haven't had any complaints, now that I think of it. 

Whew. We drifted away from talking about the twins, Hallie and Callie. Their rig wasn't much to speak of - a pickup truck pulling an older, restored Airstream. You've seen them - they look like silver lozenges. The girls seemed competent with it, so I simply gave them their location and sent them off. Once my assistant manager Sondra showed up and I was free to leave, I wandered over to their site to get better acquainted. And yes, to continue checking them out. By the time I was able to drop by, they had unhooked, leveled, made all the connections (electric, cable tv, water and sewer) and were taking out the things that made up their life outside their rig. A rug, folding chairs, a small smoker, bicycles - in other words, they were set up and ready to stay. 

The other thing they had done was lose their clothes. When I came to their site they were both nude, reclined and baking in the afternoon sun. You sort of get used to bodies in our business, but the two of them were something special and I stopped to stare. Rude, I know, but something told me they were fine with it. 

"Hiya, Roger, glad you could come by. We thought you might - so we decided to prepare for you. You like?"

"Almost impossible NOT to like." I answered. "You two are stunningly beautiful and if you want to show it, I will be sure to appreciate the view!" 

One of them - not sure which - actually blushed at that. The other (who I later learned was Hallie) eyed me and said "and you're looking pretty fine yourself, Roger."

It was my turn to get uncomfortable. "Meanwhile, I just came by to officially welcome you to the park, and let you know we have a welcome social this evening at our patio, behind the office at about 7."

"I assume we're dressed appropriately" said the other twin. 

"Yes, you are, but help me out - unless you enjoy being mistaken for one another, can you give me the secret to telling you apart? My wife Val would like it as well."

"Well" said one, "I'm the lusty one."

The other chimed in. "And I'm the lewd one."

"Thanks a heap." I responded. "Two dirty minded, erudite, gorgeous women who can't be told apart. Don't say I didn't ask!" I started to turn away.

"Wait, Roger. We didn't mean to offend. Thanks for asking. I'm Hallie, and if you hadn't noticed, I have pierced nipples. Callie, on the other hand, is the one with the tongue stud. That's about the only way you can know for sure. Provided, of course, that I'm telling you the truth." She grinned, cupped her boobs and pointed the piercings at me. 

Her sister stuck out her (pierced) tongue. 

"I might be blinded by your charms, but I'm going to take you at your word. See you later."

I found Val back at our quarters and filled her in on how to tell them apart: "Hallie has the pierced tits and Callie has the tongue stud. Or at least that's what they said." 

Val laughed. Her deep, throaty laugh. "Looks like I have competition. We'll see how they react to the welcome party. Now get over here and kiss me!"

That led to a few hours where we were unavailable to manage the front desk. I managed to reach out to Lori, our workamper, and she took over. If you didn't know, workampers exchanger their services for a rent free spot in the lot. Some even get paid; in our park, the "payment" often took the form of extended orgasms. So Lori added another "we owe her" to her account and, after putting on a cover up, took over at the desk.

We went upstairs to our bedroom - one of the perks of owning the park - and at that point we shed our clothes faster. 

"On your back. On the bed. And spread 'em wide" Said Val. I was quick to comply.

Once on the bed it quickly became apparent that I was to submit. Not that I minded, of course. Val had my legs tied apart to the lower bed frame, and then went to cuff my hands. As she did so, she leaned across my body and her luscious right tit came close to my face. I lifted my head and fastened it to her nipple, sucking and squeezing and licking. She paused for a moment, surrendering to the sensations, and then managed to cuff my left hand to the bed post. She pulled her boob from my mouth, then straddled my chest and she fastened my other hand to the other bed post. 

"You want something in your mouth, eh?" With that she got up on her knees and moved forward, placing her now glistening pussy directly above my face. She grabbed the bedboard and lowered herself onto my mouth. "Dig in!"

I love eating pussy. I especially love eating Val's juicy pussy because it's so responsive. Licking the outer lips also gets a moan. When I suck on them, she invariable shivers and clenches her ass. And when I drive my tongue up into her hole she lets out some sort of sound. No matter what it is, that sounds gets me even harder than I was before I started. 

As I was tongue fucking her, she was rocking back and forth. My eyes were caught by the sight of those big boobs swinging and swaying, my ears were filled with the sounds of her delight and my cock was as hard as it ever gets, straining upwards and twitching. 

She shifted her hips a few inches and now my mouth was entrusted with her clit. I licked the hood and massaged the shaft of it. I worked my tongue up one side of it and down the other before taking it between my lips, sucking hard and playing 90 beats per minute on the end of it. At that point she starting cumming, grinding the rest of her pussy on my chin, screaming softly, grunting and twitching before falling off to the side of me on the bed. 

When she could speak again, she looked me in the eyes and said "Not bad, my man. I might keep you around after all!" She grinned - this was a cat that not only ate the canary but finished it off with a saucer of cream. 

"But you got hard for those two twins, instead of only for me. And that means you need to be taught a lesson." She reached into the nightstand next to the bed and came out with our favorite dildo - a twelve inch, black monster that was so realistic you would think a body was following it! Instead, however, she pulled out a harness and some lube. 

"I warned you about things like this, didn't I?"

"Yes mistress. You did. I misbehaved. You need to punish me. Please punish me!" I answered. 

She stepped off the bed and stepped into the harness, pulling it up to her waist, cinching it in place (including the portion that went six inches into her pussy). Then she attach that black dong, poured the lube into her hands and began to rub them up and down that cock. I was mesmerized by it, and my cock was now dripping pre-cum. I knew what was coming (besides me, of course) and could barely contain myself.

With the dildo now glistening from the lube, she reached between my legs and began to play with my asshole. Working her fingers around it, then slowly working it open and slipping first one, then two, then three fingers into it and getting it lubed. My hips were responding on their own, lifting and falling, thrusting my dick in the air. She took a moment and poured more lube on her hand and proceeded to work it into my ass. Her fingers were flying in and out, almost as fast as when she uses them to fuck her pussy. 

Suddenly, she stopped and straightened. Grabbing that black dick in her right hand, she used her left to spread my ass, and then suddenly thrust it forward to get the head into me. 

"Oh. My. God!" I swore. "Amazing!"

"You like it?" 

"Oh, mistress, I love it! Push it deeper! I want it all in my ass!"

She needed no further encouragement, and with a forceful thrust of her hips buried that bone deep up my back channel. I saw stars. My balls were pressed up against her lower belly as she began to saw in and out. She started slowly, just tiny movements that grew into inches out and inches in, then almost all of it out and back in. I heard someone moaning - and realized it was me. 

"Oh. Yes. Fuck. Me. Mistress. Bang. Me. Oh. Yes. Oh. Yes." I was chanting as she stroked. And I began to feel the tinglings of an orgasm at my ass, where she was brushing my prostate and banging against my balls. "Harder! Faster! Don't. Stop!"

Her hips were a blur and the initial sensations now opened the door and I felt my balls contract, my cock start twitching and a roar of cum began to spurt from my cock. She buried that dildo deep up my ass and held it there as I shot spurt after spurt of hot cum straight into the air. My body was now covered in ropes of cum and still I kept shooting more until it finally got to a tiny dribble and I relaxed, her cock still up inside me. 

"I don't know that really counts as punishment any more. You enjoy it too much!" 

"I'll keep calling it punishment if I can get you to continue." I grinned. 

"In that case, hold on." She said, and she began to fuck my ass long, deep and hard. At first I could barely stand it in the afterglow of the orgasm. And then as she sped up, it began to hurt. Now she was pounding my ass. With a vengeance! 

The interesting part was that my cock, which normally goes down pretty quickly after cumming, had begun to get hard again. I was pulling against the handcuffs, trying to lift my hips to give her more access to my ass. I opened myself up as best I could to just let her pound me, and through it all I began to hear sounds from her that indicated that she was getting close to an orgasm of her own. 

When it it, she went from pounding me steadily to jerking and thrusting and twitching until she finally collapsed on top me. And at that point, with my cock sandwiched between us, I began to shoot off. It was like I was being turned inside out and spewing the hot cum on my belly had me in another plane. 

I don't know how long we lay there. Eventually she began to move and pulled that dildo from my butt. The sensation when she leaned back and the sticky cum between us separated was the strangest thing I'd ever felt! 

"Now, did you learn your lesson?" She asked. 

"That you have complete control over me? Yes, mistress, I did."

"Good. So when we next meet the twins, you will be sure to do as I order. Correct?"

"Yes, mistress."

Then she smiled, unlocked me, and we spent 20 minutes in the shower appreciating each other's bodies. And getting each other clean.

LATER THAT DAY

We put on the minimum of clothing we needed to manage the office, and relieved Lori of desk duty. She grinned wickedly as she left, looking at us both. We closed the office at 6 after leaving out a couple of guides for late registrations due in after dark, shut the door and went out back to the patio. We spent some time preparing the deck for our guests, and were sitting in our hottub with drinks in hand when we heard knocking at the gate. 

"Come on in." Said Val. The gate opened and in walked Callie and Hallie, wearing only flip-flops. "Glad to see you dressed down for the occasion. Perfect for the hottub." 

"Thanks. I'm..."

"You're Hallie, and she's Callie - thanks for the tip about the piercings. I'm Val, and Mr. Big Dick and No Brains over here is my husband Roger - but you already knew that, right?"

"We did." Said Callie. "But why the attitude about your husband?"

"He knows I love him, but most of the time his dick causes problems. Like when you guys flashed your tits, he got hard and charged you a rate that almost guarantees we will just break even on your rental. It's a great tool when it's used for the right things; it's just that business isn't one of them."

"Oh. Well, are you going to make us leave?" Said Callie.

"Of course not." Said Val. "But I think we might want to come to some arrangement so there aren't any hard feelings between us. We'll put the hard thing in the right place, so to speak."

This time Hallie responded. "What did you have in mind?"

"We'll get to that. In the meantime, why don't you fix yourselves something to drink. The bar is pretty well stocked. Oh, and for now, this will be just the four of us. But you won't be disappointed, I promise!" 

Both the girls poured themselves drinks, Val had them refresh her wine, and bring me another beer. Then they stepped up and into the hot tub. Hallie sat between Val and me, and Callie opposite from her - we each had a quarter of the tub. We made small talk for a bit. Then Val spoke up.

"One of you two needs to come over here and show me some appreciation for not making a fuss over the rate." 

With that Hallie stood up and brought her pierced nipples in front of Val. "What would you have in mind?" She asked.

"Like I said, you want to appreciate me. Make me appreciate you." 

"Then turn over and let me work out the kinks in your neck and back." With that Val stretched out, putting her head on her arms on the side of the tub, letting her body float so that her butt was up out of the water. Her feet were almost in my face. 

Hallie reached outside the hot tub and picked up some lotion. She applied it liberally to her hands and began to work them on Val's neck and shoulders. 

"She's really good at that, isn't she, Val?" Said her sister. "She practices on me all the time." 

"It's a good start. Keep going, Hallie." Said Val. I could hear that slurring in her voice that said she was feeling something deep down in her belly. We hadn't determined how the twins went, but I guess we were about to find out. 

"Mmmm. You've got wonderful hands, girl." 

Hallie shifted her position, spreading Val legs and getting between them. It was obvious that she was pressing up into Val's pussy. Hallie's hands were now running up and down her back, and I noticed them working down under where she was obviously manipulating my wive's wondrous tits. Val's hips were beginning to take on a life of their own. 

As for me, I was now hard as a rock. It seems like a constant thing - not that I mind. And I certainly didn't mind when I felt something caressing that cock. It had to be Callie, but since she had both her arms on the sides of the hottub, it had to be her foot. This was novel! I don't recall ever getting a foot job before and I was beginning to think I'd been missing something! What made it even more interesting was watching the interplay between Val and Hallie.
