 Hi Regular readers! I hope you're ready for a new story. This is sort of based on a real life episode but is also part fantasy. Mr. Butt, Emma and I have never worked in a law office but it just sort of fit with my fantasy mood. What we have done is exactly as described in the story but in the 'privacy' of our own little office at "High Heeled Facial Girls". If you haven't read me before, please try some of the others where you will get a bit of background about me or read my profile too where there is a link to my web based photo album!

Chantelle worked as a para-legal and she was determined that Thursday 21st September 2006 was NOT going to be a typical day at the office! Although she was totally submissive with most men, she especially craved older and shyer ones. Conversely, she was extremely dominant towards shy young girls and the law offices of Bygg, Dick, Slammer, Butt were a happy hunting ground with many suitable candidates in both categories. Either way, Chantelle was a major cum slut and would drink the juices from a guy's balls or a girl's pussy given half a chance. She planned for Thursday to provide more than a half chance. 

Slut Chantelle knew that the Law Partner for her section, Mr. Butt could both see and hear her from his cubicle. She knew he seemed to most people an average quiet kind of guy and he was always strictly business with the office girls. Slut Chantelle also knew from the strong and unmistakable aroma in his cubicle and from his suits that he must masturbate regularly and frequently and she was determined to get Mr. Butt to play "office" with her this Thursday evening after work, where she could at least observe, and preferably assist with, his wanking up close and personal.

She had been building up to this day for some time, starting with subtle things. One day, she undid her blouse a couple of buttons. She had worn her plunging black lace push up bra that day, so with the buttons undone, the curves of her breast were well displayed. Slut Chantelle saw Mr. Butt look up and catch the show. He tried not to be obvious but couldn't keep from looking at her tits every few minutes. 

Slut Chantelle rose up a little and reached for something on her desk, to give Mr. Butt a better look. She heard him drop his papers and scramble for them. She giggled to herself. When she sat back down, she said softly, but loud enough for Mr. Butt to hear, 

"Oh my goodness, my blouse is undone!" Slut Chantelle had then slowly buttoned back up, watching Mr. Butt out of the corner of her eye. She had kept this up over the weeks, trying shorter skirts, higher heels to see if he responded better to tits, legs or ass; turned out it was all three! 

The clincher was when she managed to sneak into his cubicle after hours and found several DVDs of the "High Heeled Facial Girls". She smuggled these home to watch that night and sure enough they contained scene after scene of gorgeous smuttily dressed women, wearing very high heels and boots, submissively bending to spread their asses for a licking and a thrashing, sucking cock and taking the full loads into their mouths or on their faces. So Mr. Butt was interested in THAT sort of thing and now she felt sure she could get him hooked on her.

At the same time there was young Emma Lou, only eighteen and in her first holiday job before she started college. Emma was shy too, nothing special too look at and quite skinny with tiny tits but very sexy in her own way. She dressed okay in classic blouses, long flared trousers and high heeled ankle boots but in Chantelle's imagination she would look best in skin tight black Lycra leggings which Chantelle would roll down to her knees before fucking the shit out of her cute tight little asshole with her enormous black strap-on. Chantelle was convinced Emma was a sub, or would be if she knew what it meant, and would present no problems for Chantelle to seduce when the time came.

A couple of days passed and the appointed day had arrived. Slut Chantelle rushed into the office. She was wearing a brown suede miniskirt, tight see-thru white sleeveless sweater, glass mules with a 4" platform and 8" heels, no bra and no knickers. Chantelle pulled young Emma into her cubicle and said, "Emma, damn, I forgot to wear a bra. Can you tell?" Young Emma stepped back, "I think you'll be okay Chantelle, as long as your nipples don't get hard. I know how you are when you're thinking about sex... keep your thoughts clean and you'll be fine." Young Emma giggled as she turned to walk off but Chantelle grabbed her arm.

"We're going to the ladies, Emma, and you're going to make my nipples nice and hard by sucking them. If you do a good job, I'm going to thrash your skinny butt and let you lick my pussy, after which I will be licking yours and you WILL come for me won't you as I like a good drink of girlie cum?"

The two girls were at the ladies for over 45 minutes, a fact that did not go un-noticed by Mr. Butt. Slut Chantelle made sure her nipples stayed hard most of the day after that, and Mr. Butt made sure to check often, although he was unable to pluck up the courage to ask why she'd been away from her desk with Emma for so long. Slut Chantelle knew her plan was heading in the right direction. At the end of the day, Slut Chantelle walked over to Mr. Butt's cubicle. 

"Mr. Butt, could I ask you for a favor," Slut Chantelle asked while posing provocatively, arching her breasts to display her erect nipples. "Uh, sure... Chantelle... what, what, how can I do you... I mean... can I do you... I mean... what, can I do for you?" Mr. Butt managed to finally get out. Slut Chantelle giggled, "Mr. Butt, you are so silly. What I wanted to ask you was, I mean, if you have free time tonight... I have to work on an assignment that is due tomorrow. Could you stay and help me?" Mr. Butt was quick to answer yes. 

Slut Chantelle walked back to her cubicle allowing enough space between her and Mr. Butt so that he could watch the swing of her hips. She had a chair already sat next to hers and she turned to face Mr. Butt as she slowly sat in her seat. She purposely kept her eyes on his while she sat down with her legs parted. Mr. Butt nearly tripped in the act of sitting down next to her. 

"Mr. Butt, guess what?" Slut Chantelle asked seductively. 

"What, Chantelle?" he asked, feeling his temperature rise. Slut Chantelle leaned over to Mr. Butt and placed her hand on his inner thigh, and as she slid it up towards his crotch she said, 

"Everybody in the building is gone, Mr. Butt." As she said, 'Mr. Butt' she let her hand rest on the firm bulge in his pants. 

Slut Chantelle told Mr. Butt that she had been having a fantasy in which Mr. Butt was her boss and that they had stayed late one night after work and had an evening of naughty play time. Slut Chantelle asked Mr. Butt if he wanted to play "Boss" with her, as she had been an extremely naughty girl, fucking young Emma in the ladies and she deserved a good thrashing.

He nodded his head as Slut Chantelle stood up and began lifting her tight sweater over her head. 

"Please boss, will you take off your clothes" Slut Chantelle asked Mr. Butt. 

Mr. Butt obeyed and was completely naked in less than a minute, standing there with his hands over his erect dick. 

"Okay, boss. Shall I bend over for you?"

Slut Chantelle teased as she slipped out of her skirt, leaving only her boots on. 

Mr. Butt, still a little nervous to be naked at the office, sat down on the chair and pulled Slut Chantelle across his knee. His big fat thick cock stuck into her belly and she rubbed herself back and forward onto him. He slid his left hand between her legs and up to her hot and very wet pussy, easily sliding three fingers in up to the knuckle.

"Thrash me please, sir!" said Chantelle while she stroked his cock with her hands. 

"Oh Mr. Butt, I've been wanting to get my hands on your stiff prick ever since I first laid eyes on you." 

Chantelle's firm grip on Mr. Butt's cock while she stroked had him almost ready to shoot and he started to thrash her arse really hard with his free right hand. His nervousness gone, he thrashed her harder and harder, shouting 

"Take that you fucking cock teasing slut! And that! Chantelle, I am so fucking horny I want to fuck your face and cum down your throat! You kneel down and close your eyes."

Slut Chantelle giggled, stood up and closed her eyes

"Are you going to put it in my mouth?" 

Slut Chantelle giggled as she asked. Mr. Butt pushed her to her hands and knees. He slowly lowered himself onto her, teasingly rubbing his cock on her ass cheeks. 

"So, Mr. Butt, you like to do it doggie-style?" Slut Chantelle said teasingly. 

"No, Chantelle," Mr. Butt said as he bit her neck and then rammed his hard cock into her anus, "I like to ass fuck." 

Mr. Butt slammed his hard cock in and out as Slut Chantelle gasped. Slut Chantelle could feel every inch of his stiff hot dick. 

"Now Chantelle, tell me where's my fucking cock now?" 

Slut Chantelle gasped as she said, "In my ass, Mr. Butt!" 

"I can't hear you Slut, where is my hard cock?" Mr. Butt demanded while he pinched her nipples in between thrusts. 

"In my ass, Mr. Butt. Your cock is in my ass," Slut Chantelle shouted. 

"What is my cock doing to your ass, Slut?" Mr. Butt demanded. 

"Your cock is fucking my ass, Mr. Butt," Slut Chantelle answered breathlessly. 

"Tell me what to do, Chantelle," Mr. Butt ordered. 

"Fuck my ass, Mr. Butt. Fuck my ass," Slut Chantelle repeated, 

"Fill me with your fucking hot spunk, you fat, ugly bastard! Come on, do it, fat boy! I want all that fucking cum!!" 

Mr. Butt quickly pulled out as Chantelle sensed he was about to cum, so she spun round, tilted her head all the way back and presented her wide open mouth for him to fill with his hot sticky semen emission. As Slut Chantelle had expected it wasn't long at all until Mr. Butt exploded noisily, filling her mouth with squirt after delicious squirt of hot sticky cum. 

Mr. Butt was so horny that he leaned over to spit in her mouth as well, slapping her face at the same time as saying 

"OK slut? You like that? I hope so, 'cos this is what you're going to get every single day from now on. No more hand shandy for me, all my spunk is going into you from now on!"

And as I'm sure you've already guessed, this was music to Chantelle's ears.