 Chapter 01: Stacy

I smiled as I pushed open the heavy glass door to the open-air smoking courtyard, nodding my head towards one of the half-dozen plastic and steel tables crowding the patio space underneath the Plexiglas awning. There were maybe seven or eight of my coworkers taking up space on the benches or standing around the table, all friends of mine. As usual I'd arrived at work almost forty-five minutes early, but I worked a later shift and most of my friends had started almost two hours ago.

I strode up to the crowd, hamming it up for them with an exaggerated swagger that oozed testosterone. Almost everyone who worked the late shift here was the lovable pervert type, and among them I was known as the worst of them all. The Lech, they called me, and I bore the moniker with appropriate pride. 

"Hellllo ladies," I crooned, digging into my pocket for my smokes. In a moment I'd slid a thin Marlboro Red between my lips, and with the assistance of a battered chrome Zippo™ windproof had set the end ablaze. I inhaled deeply, then blew out twin columns of pale gray from my nostrils. 

They smiled and returned my greeting. 'Ladies' had been accurate, as with the exception of Ray, our token gay dude, everyone at the table was a woman. It was simply the nature of the work we did. I work for a huge national insurance claim processing firm, with the decidedly boring corporate conglomerate title of "Insurance Reactionary Services". The only advantage, of course, was the joke it implied. When asked, myself and everyone else employed here said they worked for the IRS. It was a long-standing joke and damn near a tradition among us night owls.

Mickey, a picturesque redhead in her early thirties, smiled broadly and chuckled. "I'm glad you made it in today, Ramzy. The LAN team came through today and updated everyone to NT Professional. With any luck, you might actually be able to log into the system."

I laughed, which actually proved to be pretty painful as I'd had a lungful of smoke at the time. Coughing, I purged my lungs and then shook my head ruefully. "So, you're saying we've been visited by the fuck-up fairy again, Mickey?" 

"Hey, we'll have none of that poor morale out here, folks!" The voice cracked like a whip, directly behind me to boot. Our manager had come looking for her team, it would seem, and she'd found us. I whirled around, patently cheesy grin plastered across my tanned face. 

"Whatever you say, Marcy. Do a little dance for us – that'll help my morale."

Normally, you'd assume such a comment would earn me a heavy-handed dismissal from any gainful employment. You'd assume that, but what you wouldn't know is that my boss is every bit as bad as the rest of us. You're starting to catch on – we're a rowdy bunch here at IRS. At least, swing shift is.

I wasn't kidding, either. For being halfway through her forties, my boss is damn fine. No shrinking violet this woman. She was an astounding six feet tall, which only exaggerated her long, shapely legs and generous rack. Piercing green eyes sat underneath neatly plucked eyebrows, complimenting a face with just the right dusting of freckles and full, pale lips. To complete the look, my boss maintained a luxurious man of dark auburn hair, which she usually wore in a simple ponytail. To put it lightly, I'd be sore pressed to imagine a better way to spend an evening than bouncing my boss off a mattress, despite her being almost twice my age. Of course, that wasn't going to happen as long as I worked for IRS. When it comes to pushing the limits of professionalism, we use a bulldozer around here for the purpose. But that particular push would be a bit more than even I was comfortable with, and both myself and Marcy were careful to make sure the opportunity never presented itself. 

It's funny – people ask me what I do for a living, and I tell them I'm a data transcriber for an insurance agency. Invariably they imply that I work in a woman's industry. God damned right. The rest of my fellow men can spend eight hours a day surrounded by other sweaty men, installing HVAC systems or entertaining clients in a board room. Me, I spend my eight hours surrounded by gorgeous women in an air-conditioned, state-of-the-art processing center. And there are dozens of broom closets throughout this place, if you know what I mean. Anyway, I digress...

Marcy was lighting a smoke, and she laughed at my suggestion to dance for us. Then, as she tucked her Bic back into her pocket, her face grew serious. 

"That reminds me though, Ramzy. I'm supposed to give you a message." Her gaze didn't waver, and I was suddenly attentive. 

"What's up boss?" I lit another smoke, meeting her gaze straightwise. She curled a finger at me and stepped a few paces off from the group. Curious, I followed.

"I'm supposed to tell you that Stacy heard you last night." She said this quietly, as though she were concerned about being overheard. My brow knit in concentration for half a second while I puzzled over this, and then it hit me.

Stacy worked in a different department, but her and my boss were friends and she comes over a couple times a day to bullshit. Stacy is also an insane knockout. Long blonde hair highlighted with streaks of mahogany and a gorgeous face that frames almond-shaped eyes the color of polished malachite. I rarely use the word svelte, but Stacy deserved it. Voluptuous even. She's got curves like a '68 Shelby Cobra, and I've been dreaming of making her purr like one too for a couple of months now. Yesterday, she'd been wearing this floor-length jean skirt that you wouldn't believe. It stuck to her heart-shaped ass like it'd been applied with an airbrush, but in the front boasted a slit that went all the way up to there. Walking towards you, it flashed more than half her thigh from the knee up, and if you lost your grip on reality for an instant you might imagine you'd seen a shadow of something else. 

Well, last night she'd walked past me towards the end of my shift, and I could remember the moment with perfect clarity. In time-honored lech fashion, I'd slowed down, turned my head all the way around, and muttered, "Goddaaaaamn..." under my breath. Apparently, it hadn't been far enough under my breath to keep my head above water, because she'd heard. This was gonna suck...

I curled my lip with resignation, and tucked my shoulders a bit. "Is she filing a complaint?"

"What'd you say to her?" Apparently Stacy hadn't told Marcy exactly what she'd heard, which boded ill.

"I think I just made an appreciate noise, you know, 'wow' or something. Maybe a groan...shit, I can't remember." I ran my fingers through my hair, racking my brain in search of something else I'd said that Stacy might've heard. 

Just then, Marcy's face split into a wide smile and I knew I'd been had. Marcy laughed, "I'm kidding. At least, kidding about being serious. She did hear you, but she doesn't mind. In fact, she said it was a hell of a compliment. She was blushing when she told me about it."

I paused a moment to digest this bit of wonderful news. I was almost sure I'd preceded the "goddammmn" last night with a lusty groan of approval – the kind of sound us guys don't normally make if we think we're going to be overheard. If Stacy didn't mind that, had taken it as a compliment in fact, then maybe I'd wrongly pegged her as an innocent. That made enough sense, considering her and Marcy got along. My boss can make a trucker blush when she gets on a roll, done it a few times actually. I crushed my smoke underfoot, a small smile tugging at the corner of my lips. This was a favorable development. 

 * * *