 The clock was crawling, and it was making her crazy. She was twitchy and waiting was making it worse. It was past the point when he would get home of there was no traffic at all, but still not as late as it was when he had lots of things delaying him. He didn't ever tell her where he was at the end of the day, he only let her know if he was working late. He liked seeing what the anticipation did to her. The red cheeks, the heavy breathing, the little moans, the slight fragrance of arousal; it told a story. 

She wasn't allowed to touch herself with the purpose of cumming after 3 pm. Her sex drive was ridiculous and she could cum 10 times a day, but the waiting made it better, made her better. He said so. She had several small orgasms every day while she was doing her chores, those were the rules too. "In every job that must be done" he'd start, and she'd always finish "there is an element of fun" she'd giggle and look down, until he put a hand under her chin and lifted her gaze to him. She'd meet his eyes and the approval in his gaze made her instantly wet. It always gave her goosebumps, that chaste yet meaningful touch on her chin. 

Each task had a specific type of play, meant to distract and focus at the same time. When she was doing laundry she had to attach her nipple clips, so they would brush against the clothing as she folded and moved between the machines. She had to wear a plug while she mopped and swept the floors. And grocery shopping was always done without panties, with clips attached to her pussy lips, with tiny bells that would chime while she walked. Dishes were her favorite, because he had placed a textured piece of plastic on the lower cabinet door, and she would straddle the door and rub her clit against it will she washed and dried the dishes. 

She had to send him photos, to prove that she was obeying the rules. Occasionally he would give her additional instructions. Those were the fun days, when he had time to spend playing with her remotely. After she completed a bonus task, she would be rewarded with a voicemail that she had to listen to while kneeling with her fingers buried in her pussy. His velvet voice would complement her compliance and promise dirty things when he arrived home. Then he would send her photos of himself, and the evidence of how her goodness made him hard. She couldn't stand the waiting, so she kept busy. 

She moved to the kitchen and prepared to confirm that the evening meal was coming along properly. She removed her robe and placed the weighted clips to her nipples and pussy lips. She then stepped into the heeled slippers that ensured her hips would sway as she walked across the slick floor. She couldn't hurry, as that would almost ensure that she would fall, she had to move slowly forcing her body to feel every tug and swing of the clips. 

She arrived at the stove and removed the lid of the pot that was simmering. The sauce had thickened perfectly and it was time to move the dish into the oven for keeping until he signaled it was time to eat. Carefully maneuvering her arms around the clips and using a set of oven mitts she placed the pot into the warmer, checked the temperature and shut the door. She straightened up and moving purposefully, went to the entrance of the kitchen. 

Everything else had been completed, she had checked off every item on her list for the day. She listened carefully as the knelt on the floor by the front door, nude except for her collar and leash. She was a good pet, she did as she was told, she received more praise than correction. She placed her hands open on her upper thighs, and closed her eyes, allowing her mind to take her back through the day. 

Waking up was typical, he had pulled her close in their big bed and snuggled up behind her, sliding his hard cock into her and letting it sit there while he used his hands on her clit and nipples. His mouth roamed over the back of her neck biting lightly between kisses and telling her how he was happy to have such a willing and wet little slut in his bed. His words, combined with the sensation of coming fully awake while being stroked and petted were like gas on a fire. She pressed back against him and gave him what he was looking for, she moaned and said, "Please..." 

At that word, he moved, never extracting his cock from her body, to a kneeling position, placing her on her knees as well. Her shoulders were pressed into the sheets until his hand grabbed her shoulders and pulled her up against his body, forcing her back to arch. One of his hands moved around to her throat wand he firmly grasped her there, squeezing just enough. She panted. His other hand slid down her body to her hip, and he tightened his fingers there as well. 

Using those two leverage points he began to slid his cock in and out of her body. It was growing harder by the second. Covered in her wetness, he slid easily, hitting against the parts of her that made her whole body start to shake with pleasure. He could tell when she started cumming, he internal muscles squeezed his length and her body tightened. When it started, he pushed her shoulder back down to the bed and with both hands on her hips he increased his tempo, slamming his hips into her with each thrust and pulling he back into him, ensuring that maximum sensation was achieved with each slide. 

There was little between her first orgasm and her second, only a breath really...before her legs began quivering and she seemed unable to breathe. He came then, feeling her shake and shudder, and then he pulled her back up against him again and his hand found her lips, sliding easily in he stroked her as she came down, whispering his love and adoration and other soothing things that he knew would extend the moment for her. "Just breathe baby girl"

They lay together for a few moments, him cuddling her close again and discussing the day ahead as her body worked through the after effects of the intense love making. She had the most delightful aftershocks that would cause her whole body to twitch. He enjoyed being there for those, pressed against her...it was like he could feel the electricity. She was always so full of smiles at this time of day and the added connection with him gave her face such a glow. He basked in it. Couldn't get enough of it. 

He eventually pulled them both out of bed, knowing full well he'd love to stay all day, and they did their morning hygiene routine. She knelt on the floor in front of the vanity, with her mouth open and took his cock into her mouth as he shaved and brushed his teeth. She sat on her heels with her legs spread and her hands on her thighs as he showered, so he could look at her whenever he liked as he cleaned himself. He exited the shower and as he dried and styled his hair she buried her face between his ass cheeks and licked his asshole, moaning loudly so he knew that she enjoyed doing it for him. He dressed quickly and efficiently, and left the house without breakfast, as was the case most mornings. 

After he left she had a daily list of things to do, but first was the most important. She had to take care of herself, self care was essential and he never let her skip it. It started with a bubble bath in the large tub he'd installed just for her, knowing how she liked to slide almost all the way under the water and stay there getting pruny and not thinking about anything. 

After her bath, she showered and then dressed. Then it was time to get started. Her pussy started to drip as she ran through the list of chores for the day. She sent him a message thanking him for the morning and letting him know she had eaten and bathed and relaxed. He sent her back a smile and a "Good Girl." Almost immediately after the first text came through, a second one chimed on the phone, "collar and leash tonight" Her heart leapt and her stomach rolled, this meant his friend was coming over, and that they would both play with her. Her undies got wet and she decided it was time to remove them and start. As she removed them she felt a drop of wetness slid between her lips and begin to slid down her leg. She smiled and caught the drip on her finger. Lifting it to her lips she took her fingertip into her mouth and savored the taste of her own arousal. Her soiled undies went into the hamper and she made her way to the kitchen then made a tally on the chalkboard that hung there. He liked to see when he came home, how many times she had tasted herself during the day.