 Allie was initially quite confused, but after Jack explained everything she really felt for Elizabeth Mason.

"Hi Elizabeth, Jack told me what happened. I'm so sorry to hear your apartment flooded," Allie commiserated.

"Yeah, some hammering in the wall seemed to have caused a pipe to burst and the whole place got really wet all of a sudden. Then a pipe exploded and needless to say the place was dripping wet after that. The contractor said it'd take months to sort," Elizabeth lied smoothly.

"Months?" Allie asked. 

"Well he gave me that update this morning. I don't want to put you out. I can try sort something else," Elizabeth said and went to pick up her bags.

"No, no. You're fine, You know there's a good guest room in the house and it'd be nice to have another woman around the house," Allie confessed.

"Well as long as you know you're the woman of the house. I'm just the 'other woman'," Elizabeth joked slyly.

Allie didn't follow the connotation in the slightest.

"Jack told me you're seeing a woman?" Allie said probingly.

"Yes. She's pretty great, thank god I'm with her and not a man. No offence," Elizabeth added sheepishly.

"Not at all, I'm sorry I didn't realise you dated women and not men," Allie apologised.

"Yeah. I meet men, but there isn't really dating," Elizabeth admitted, imagining Allie's husband on top of her.

"I'm going to work, Jack should be up soon. He came off a very late night in work so he's catching up on sleep," Allie explained.

"Yeah I know how it is, late nights can really take a lot out of you," Elizabeth agreed, hoping Jack would be alert enough to continue on from last night's intensity.

"I'll see you later on," Allie said and headed for the door.

"Have a good day in work," Elizabeth replied, already unbuttoning her blouse and letting her hair down.

The front door shut and Elizabeth walked through the house and up the stairs.

She reached the master bedroom and carefully opened the door.

Jack was lying in bed, asleep.

Elizabeth looked herself over in the full length mirror as she began stripping down to her lingerie.

Her breasts had begun to fill out and her stomach tautening. 

Elizabeth ran her right palm over her stomach gently.

She turned back and crossed the room to the bed.

She drew back the sheets and straddled Jack.

He remained asleep as she shuffled down and gingerly pulled down his boxers.

She took his cock in her hand and leaned forward.

She raised it up and licked from the base of the shaft up to the head in one long lick.

She paused before doing this again, allowing blood to flow to his cock and swell in her grip.

She did this a third time and his cock was solid in her hand.

She parted her full lips and took Jack's length into her mouth and throat.

She started bobbing up and down, taking his full length each time.

Soon Elizabeth felt his right hand in her hair and he groaned.

"Good morning Ms Mason," Jack sighed.

Elizabeth let his cock pop out of her mouth.

"You didn't even look?" Elizabeth asked incredulously.

"Allie can't give me head that good," Jack admitted with a smirk.

Elizabeth giggled.

"Good answer, just let me get something to drink and then I'll let you go to work," Elizabeth chuckled.

She set to blowing Jack again, his hand guiding her from behind.

Jack looked down at Elizabeth giving him phenomenal head and sighed contentedly.

'This. This is a good living situation,' Jack remarked.

He groaned and started bucking his hips with each thrust.

"Oh Elizabeth, I'm going to-" Jack said right before he filled her mouth with his thick cum.

Elizabeth greedily swallowed each spurt of cum, sucking every last drop out of his cock.

She fell back with a satisfied gasp.

"I better get to work," Jack groaned.

"Go. We have our first dinner with your wife tonight," Elizabeth said pointedly.

Jack didn't feel worried at all, he was more curious what Elizabeth was going to do.

He got up and went about getting around to work.

Elizabeth walked him to the door and kissed him deeply before he left.

The door shut and she found herself alone in her new home.

She grabbed her phone and set to work.

Ashley had just arrived in the studio when her phone went off.

She checked her phone and felt two things happen at once. A shiver ran up her spine and her pussy tingled.

It was Elizabeth Mason, the woman from last week.

She felt a heat between her legs and she gripped the ring on her finger. 

The married part of her brain felt ashamed. It had been a week since she had received a call from Elizabeth and she had recorded her and her married lover Jack in her studio. 

The intensity of their session was intoxicating and she had fingered himself to the point of climax watching Jack fuck Elizabeth. Then Elizabeth and her fingered each other and they had swallowed each other's cum. 

Ashley couldn't honestly admit whether she preferred her own or the mix of Elizabeth's and Jack's. She couldn't believe she had pushed their blend into her own pussy. The primal, sexual part of her brain reminded her of the pleasure she had felt.

She opened the message.

'Are you free to talk?'

'Sure.' Ashley replied.

The phone rang immediately.

She answered.

"Hello Ms Mason," Ashley said professionally, getting excited at the thought of her, despite herself.

"Hi Ashley, I'm guessing you're at the studio? Are you with anyone?" Elizabeth asked curiously.

"I am, and no," Ashley answered shortly, curious to see why she called.

"I'm sorry I haven't been in touch. I was moving into my new house. Are you busy?" Elizabeth asked.

"I'm working in the studio," Ashley answered pointedly, trying to be firm.

"Don't worry, I'm not looking for the film, unless you have it done. I'm only wondering if you're free until 5. I'll text you an address and see you soon?" Elizabeth said suggestively, her hand on her hip as she posed for the mirror in the guest room.

"Ms Mason, I don't think that'd be a good idea," Ashley replied.

"Ashley, please. Call me Elizabeth," Elizabeth chuckled.

"Elizabeth, I will be in contact when I have the film done," Ashley explained assertively.

"Ashley, I really think we need to talk. I need to meet you. Please," Elizabeth said breathily.

Ashley paused. She felt her pussy tingle at her tone.

"Alright. I'll be there in an hour or two and only for a short while," Ashley relented. 

Her married brain assuring her of her resolution. The more impulsive brain already fantasising about the seductive Elizabeth Mason.

She tried to work for about two hours, but got nothing productive done, apart from on the files for Elizabeth and Jack.

Ashley resigned herself to the fact she was getting nothing substantial done, scribbled a note for the door explaining her absence and put the phones on answering.

She had received Elizabeth's message with the address and Ashley decided to write a message to Fred.

'Out meeting a client today. I'll see you later tonight.'

She justified it to herself and didn't wait for the reply before she left the studio.

Elizabeth had been roaming through her new home, deciding what she may start subtly altering.

Her phone vibrated in her hand and she grinned at Ashley informing her she was on her way.

'This, is going to be fun,' Elizabeth thought to herself smugly and called her boss' office.

"The house move is taking a lot longer than I thought, I'll be in tomorrow or the day after if that's alright?" Elizabeth explained as she returned to her bedroom.

"Alright, give those movers hell. See you in when you're done," her boss agreed.

Elizabeth hung up and applied a few touches of makeup in the mirror. She added perfume to her wrists, neck and between her breasts and legs.

'Let's see what sort of woman she is' Elizabeth smirked as she imagined Ashley going down on her.

She dressed in her black silk robe and fingered herself until she was wet. 

She dabbed the nape of her neck and between her breasts with her wetness, before running it across her lips.

The doorbell rang and her high heels clicked across the wooden floors.

Elizabeth opened the door and looked at the woman in front of her.

Ashley had wavy short ash blonde hair in the same style as before. At 5'10, they were eye to piercing blue eye. She was wearing the same red skirt and red leather jacket as before. Elizabeth brazenly traced her curves with her eyes.

Ashley felt her heart flutter as she took Elizabeth in. 

She had the same cascading brown hair, pale perfect skin and toned body. She was wearing a black, silk robe with she assumed not much else underneath, black stockings and black high heels. She was utterly memorizing.

Ashley paused at the sight of Elizabeth before her.

Elizabeth took this as an opportunity.

She leaned forward and kissed Ashley on the cheek before ushering her in. This had the intended effect of giving Ashley a good waft of Elizabeth's perfume and her juices, along with getting her inside.

Ashley registered the scents and her mind became muddled as to how she would act, though her body seemed more sure as she passed Elizabeth closely and her left hand passed across her hip.

"So Ashley, what do you think of my new house?" Elizabeth asked innocently, never quite stepping away from Ashley.

"It's gorgeous," Ashley remarked.

"Let me give you the tour," Elizabeth said, she gently took Ashley's left hand in her right and led her through the hall to the kitchen.

She didn't even pause before leading her through to her room.

Ashley noticed they had arrived in a bedroom, with black silk sheets stretched across a queen-sized bed.

She was about to explain to Elizabeth, before Elizabeth turned to face her and opened her robe.

She wore a matching pair of black lace panties and a black garter belt that held up her stockings. Her legs were long and slender with a toned stomach that extenuated her full bust cupped by a black lace bra.

"So Ashley, you said you had never really been with a woman before. Let's rectify that shall we?" Elizabeth said sexily.

"Elizabeth, I'm married. I can't do this," Ashley said weakly.

The sight and smell of Elizabeth, along with her memories were eroding her resistance.

"How about we reverse the roles?" Elizabeth asked imploringly.

Ashley paused at this.

Elizabeth raised Ashley's left hand and gripped the rings Fred gave her.

She tugged and with one fluid pull they slid off Ashley's finger.

"Now. You're not married, you're not even engaged," Elizabeth said.

Elizabeth turned them over in her grip and slid them onto her right ring finger.

They fit her perfectly.

"Ashley, I'm married, you're not. You can do this," Elizabeth breathed and leaned in.

Ashley felt the scent of Elizabeth override her reason and she kissed her, tasting her cum immediately.

Elizabeth slid the jacket from Ashley's shoulders, letting it drop to the floor.

She was wearing a white tank top underneath.

Elizabeth slowly pulled the tank top over her head and cast it aside.

Ashley took the robe off Elizabeth and her hands roamed the porcelain skinned body of her temptation.

Elizabeth approved of the scarlet lacy bra that contained Ashley's heaving breasts, though it was a barrier, so she easily unhooked it.

She fell back on the bed, pulling Ashley with her.

Ashley had surrendered to her lust and unhooked Elizabeth's bra.

She was acting more on instinct than anything else and her mouth found Elizabeth's left breast.

Elizabeth gasped as Ashley licked, flicked and sucked on her nipple.

She picked up her phone and quickly typed out a message.

Once it was sent, she focused on the pleasure she was experiencing.

Ashley was proving to be surprisingly adept.

She pulled her up and they kissed passionately, laughing and grinning at the pleasure they were feeling and the tension that was being released.

Elizabeth unclipped her skirt, revealing Ashley's lace panties.

Ashley had pulled down Elizabeth's panties and started kissing down her toned stomach.

Elizabeth smirked as she watched her married lover kiss her way down to the juncture between her legs.

Ashley reached Elizabeth's pussy and inhaled the scent of her.

It was thick and she felt her panties dampen as she carefully leaned forward and kissed her...

The taste was strong, it wasn't at all like cock. It was...better.

Her trepidation vanished and she eagerly began eating Elizabeth out.

"Ohhh Ashley, that's so good. You're better than I expected for a first time," Elizabeth purred.

Ashley felt her pussy grow hotter and wetter at Elizabeth's praise.

Elizabeth ran her right hand across Ashley's cheek and through her hair.

Ashley felt a delicious shiver run through her pussy at the feel of her own wedding rings caressing her cheek. She redoubled her efforts.

Elizabeth was surprised at how quickly she was getting close to climaxing.

She heard a noise and smiled slyly. She started moaning louder.

She arched her back, pushing her pussy into Ashley's welcoming mouth.

"Ashley! I'm going to-Fuck!" Elizabeth cried as she came.

Ashley felt Elizabeth's pussy flood with her cum and Ashley lapped it up hungrily, some escaped and ran down her chin.

Ashley felt her pussy on fire and pulled her own panties down.

Elizabeth gasped as she returned to herself.

She looked past Ashley.

"Ashley, I'm going to go wash off. I believe you've met Jack," Elizabeth said suggestively.

Ashley froze.

Her head snapped around to see Jack standing in the doorway, naked.

His eyes were looking at the flush, blonde haired seductress in bed with his mistress.

Her eyes locked with his, before drifting down his toned form and fixing on his erect cock.

Elizabeth took Ashley's left hand and put her wedding rings back on.

She got up and kissed Jack before she passed him and headed for the bathroom.

"Have fun, but remember. She's my girlfriend," Elizabeth murmured.

Ashley had turned over to face him.

This was different, she couldn't even pretend to justify this.

But, her eyes were fixed on his member.

She was so aroused from Elizabeth she licked her lips at the sight of him.

Jack padded over to the bed and crawled towards her.

Ashley was about to make some feeble protest before Jack kissed her.

It was strong and firm, but not forceful.

His hands found her hips and they insistently pulled her body down underneath his.

Ashley realised she wasn't going to stop this happening, despite her conscience screaming in her head.

She could only muster one question before it was too late.

"Do you have a condom?" Ashley asked.

"The only condoms in this house are for my wife," Jack said levelly.

His confidence and assertion somehow overrode every warning in Ashley's mind.

She leaned up and kissed him, and with that gesture Jack eased her legs further apart and thrust inside her.

Her pleasuring of Elizabeth had left her pussy soaked and Jack thrust over half of his thick cock inside her.

She groaned as Jack stretched her out.

He withdrew partially and proceeded with each thrust to bury himself further inside her.

"I know you're Elizabeth's girlfriend, but I'm hoping we can spend some time together." Jack suggested as he claimed more of her pussy with each thrust.

Ashley purred as Jack filled her completely each time.

"I think we can sort something between us," Ashley assured him, she felt a twinge of guilt, but Jack's cock was gifting her such incredible sensations that she wouldn't give it up.

"Good, because as far as my wife is concerned you are Elizabeth's girlfriend. And there is no reason she will think otherwise," Jack said firmly.

Ashley had to admit all this talk of Jack's wife while he was inside her was bringing her closer to climax.

"Next time you and I can head upstairs to the master bedroom," Jack growled and hungrily kissed the nape of Ashley's neck.

"Oh fuck," Ashley cried as she came all over Jack's cock.

"Ashley, I'm going to cum inside you," Jack grunted.

Ashley hesitated for an instant, before she surrendered completely.

Her long legs wrapped around Jack's waist and pulled him into her.

Jack cried out wordlessly and pumped his thick, white seed inside Ashley's smooth cunt.

"God, we just risked making a baby didn't we?" Ashley gasped.

"Well Elizabeth and I managed it first time, but I'm happy to make sure with you," Jack promised her.

He rolled over and started kissing her deeply.

Ashley responded and marvelled at how good it felt to be in his arms with his seed inside her.

Ashley heard her phone go off and she crawled over to the end of the bed and picked it up.

"Hi honey," Ashley answered.

She looked up to see Elizabeth standing in front of her, with a towel around her body.

Jack crawled up behind Ashley and started massaging her breasts.

Elizabeth dropped the towel and offered her pussy to Ashley a hair's breadth away from her face.

"One second honey, I'm with the client and they're very hands on," Ashley admitted.

She kissed Elizabeth's snatch and started eating her out.

"Honey," Ashley gasped between licking Elizabeth's cunt.

"I really have to go, I'll be back later," Ashley groaned.

She hung up and purred at their attention.

Jack stood up.

He kissed Elizabeth tenderly.

"I like her, I better get back to work," he answered.

"We'll see you for dinner," Elizabeth assured him and he left.

"Dinner?" Ashley asked breathlessly, she could feel Jack's seed leaving her cunt.

"Well, you are my girlfriend, so we're sitting down to dinner with Jack and his wife. And it's only good manners I suppose for you to meet the woman whose husband you just cucked," Elizabeth sniffed.

Elizabeth left the room and Ashley to her thoughts.

She made two calls in succession.

"Hi, is this 'Cleaning House'?" Elizabeth asked.

"I have two different addresses which require two very different cleaners," Elizabeth explained.

"Well for my home I'll need Pierre, yes. She's a bit plain, but I have no doubt he'll be perfect for the job. And I'll send you another address, this one may be a bit trickier. She'll have to be blonde, I'd say someone curvy. I'd need prior notice for the incidents to be discovered, I understand there's a significant charge to that," Elizabeth affirmed, her pussy wet at her plans slowly coming together.

"Yes, I'll take care of both partners," Elizabeth promised.

She hung up and decided to push on.

"McConnell and Power? Yes hello Christine, it is Elizabeth. I was wondering, I'm going to have two separations coming up, I need counsel for the aggrieved who will win and counsel that after persuasion will unfortunately lose badly for the accused. Yes, you heard right, I'm settling down, it's just not at my expense," Elizabeth chuckled.

She hung up and went to the master bedroom.

She spied her prize in a moment before returning to her room. She picked up the photo of Jack and Allie.

"Your days are numbered," Elizabeth whispered to the photo before returning it to the dresser and entering her room to join her new girlfriend.