 "Well Ms. Mason, I can definitely say, you're pregnant," Dr Alberts said.

A grin crept across Elizabeth's face.

"That's wonderful news, Doctor," Elizabeth replied.

"I'm hoping the father will be as happy as you are," Dr Alberts said.

"Oh, he will be," Elizabeth assured the doctor.

'I'll just get him in the right position first,' Elizabeth thought wickedly to herself.

"Thank you doctor, he'll be with me for the next appointment," Elizabeth added.

'I best give him a reminder,' Elizabeth thought to herself.

Elizabeth opened her contacts and rang Ashley.

"Hi. Is this Ashley Monroe photography?" Elizabeth asked.

"Yes this is. Who is this?" Ashley answered.

"I saw your ad online. My name is Elizabeth Mason. I'm looking to do a photo and video session with yourself," Elizabeth said.

"Alright, what did you have in mind?" Ashley asked.

"Well my partner is married," Elizabeth explained.

"Ok Ms Mason, to be clear. That generally isn't an issue with me, I'm doing this for the art in it...and an additional fee," Ashley explained.

"Money is no problem. I'll email you all the information necessary to set up the shoot. When would suit?" Elizabeth asked, feeling her cheeks flush with excitement.

"Later tonight would suit best," Ashley replied shortly.

Elizabeth paused a moment. "Tonight works perfectly. We'll see you later," Elizabeth finished confidently and hung up.

'Now to hook Jack,' Elizabeth thought to herself.

Jack was sitting in his office idly working when he got a text.

It was Elizabeth.

He felt his cock stir and twisted the ring on his finger. 

The married part of his brain felt a pang of guilt. It had been two weeks since he had bought his house and taken Elizabeth in his marital bed. The adulterous part of his brain reminded him of the intensity of their afternoon together.

He opened the message.

'Are you free to talk?'

'Sure.' Jack replied.

Jack waited for an agonising moment before his phone rang.

He answered.

"Hello Ms Mason," Jack said professionally, feeling his cock begin to harden at the thought of her.

"Hi Jack, I'm guessing you're at work?" Elizabeth asked, curious at his formal tone.

"That's right," Jack answered shortly, curious to see where this was going.

"I'm sorry we haven't had a meeting yet. My schedule has been a nightmare. Are you free tonight?" Elizabeth asked.

"I'm working late in the office," Jack answered reluctantly.

"Don't worry, I have something special in mind tonight. You say that to Allie, I've some big news for you. I'll text you an address and see you at 8?" Elizabeth said coyly, her hand idly on her stomach.

"Ms Mason, I-" Jack started.

"Jack, it's Elizabeth remember?" Elizabeth chuckled.

"Elizabeth, I'm working late," Jack explained firmly.

"Jack, I need to see you tonight. I need to meet you. I need you," Elizabeth said huskily.

Jack felt his cock fully stiffen.

"Alright. I'll see you at 8," Jack answered, his married brain silenced at the thought of an evening with the seductive Elizabeth Mason.

Jack hung up.

He wrote a message to Allie before his guilt could rouse.

'Late night at the office. I'll see you later tonight.'

He didn't wait for the reply before he headed into his boss' office and offered to work late.

Elizabeth sat in her office and text Jack the address for Ashley Monroe photography.

'Mmm, tonight is going to be fun,' Elizabeth thought to herself smugly and went to her boss' office.

"I'm meeting a prospective client, I'll be in tomorrow," Elizabeth explained.

"After selling that house to Jack and Allie, go ahead," her boss agreed.

Elizabeth left and went home to ready herself for the night ahead.

Jack walked into the studio where he was greeted by Ashley Monroe herself.

"Good evening, you're Jack?" Ashley asked.

Jack looked at the woman in front of him.

She was 5'10" with a 34B-24-35 curvaceous figure. She had wavy short ash blonde hair and piercing blue eyes. She was wearing a red skirt and a red leather jacket. Jack could feel himself getting hard despite himself.

"Yeah," Jack replied simply, trying to conceal his arousal at the sight of the woman in front of him.

Ashley looked him over subtly, registering his guardedness.

"Ms Mason is through that door," Ashley said, gesturing to a plain door to the side.

Jack walked through the plain door and saw Elizabeth.

She had the same flowing brown hair, pale perfect skin and body that Jack ached for. She was wearing a white blouse, black skirt, white stockings and black heels. She looked almost identical to the day he took her, apart from the stockings. Jack appreciated the subtle difference, though was fairly sure he preferred her in black stockings.

"Hi Jack," she said and kissed him deeply.

Jack responded, by instinct he pulled her close with his right hand and cupped her ample ass with his left.

She broke the kiss reluctantly.

"Jack, I asked you here as more than a meeting. Remember how I said the view from those mirrors in your bedroom looked like porn of us?" Elizabeth asked innocently.

Jack followed her implication.

"You mean?" Jack asked incredulously.

"Yes. Ashley has agreed to help us," Elizabeth explained mischievously.

Jack took Elizabeth in his arms and kissed her firmly.

"Save some for the camera," Elizabeth giggled and led him through another door to the actual studio.

Jack took a moment to take it in. 

It had been modelled on the bedroom from his house. The same full length mirrors, king sized bed and black silk sheets.

"Do you like it?" Elizabeth asked curiously. She could tell Jack was surprised.

Before he could answer, Ashley came over to them.

"Alright, you can see there are some cameras set up on tripods, but I'll be carrying one as well, so don't think too much about facing the camera," Ashley explained.

"Take your time, I charge by the session, not the time," Ashley added and left them to prepare.

"Are you ready to take me Jack?" Elizabeth asked, her hand tracing up the inside of his left thigh.

He needed this woman right now.

"Ashley, let's start," Jack growled.

Ashley cocked an eyebrow at the married man and pressed record.

Jack walked in front of the camera.

"Ms Mason, I can't do this without her. Allie is my wife," Jack said.

Elizabeth smirked before walking up to him, her expression shifting to imploring once she was in view of the camera.

"Jack, it's Elizabeth. We've worked together long enough. Allie would love this house, all you need to do is sign," Elizabeth suggested. She produced a clipboard she had carried from off camera.

"Not today, not without her," Jack insisted.

"Jack, if you sign today, I get a bonus. And if you sign today, then you get a bonus," Elizabeth stated coyly. She pushed her chest out and let her right hand lazily drift to Jack's hip.

Jack looked down at her cleavage beneath the blouse and the hand on his hip, appearing conflicted for the camera and Ashley. Yet, he took the contract and signed.

"So Elizabeth, what sort of bonus did you have in mind?" Jack asked innocently.

Elizabeth felt her panties dampen, it was all so deliciously naughty. Ashley, a complete stranger was here, witnessing and recording a retelling of her conquest of Jack from Allie. 

Elizabeth felt an evil notion and pushed Jack onto the bed.

"Well Jack, something like this?" she asked innocently, unbuttoning her blouse.

Ashley moved around to see the reveal from behind Jack

Jack was dumbstruck. Elizabeth was wearing a white bridal corset with a black trim she fetched from her apartment that afternoon. 

"That's some bonus," Jack breathed. 

"Well I thought as you're married, bridal lingerie might be more appropriate. What do you want me to do?" Elizabeth asked coyly.

"I want you to take off that skirt," Jack said honestly, indicating her pencil skirt.

Elizabeth smirked at that. 

"I will, but you have to promise to stay still until I say?" Elizabeth teased.

"Fine," Jack growled. Elizabeth was already looking unbearably hot.

She pulled her skirt down, revealing a matching pair of underwear and white stockings with black suspenders. 

Jack could feel himself getting rock hard, but stayed still. He definitely revised his earlier opinion. The contrast in lingerie from the last time was certainly adding to Jack's arousal.

Elizabeth could see his desire and passion. She wanted to go further before she would lay out her ultimatum.

"So, Jack," Elizabeth began. "Would you mind if I had a seat?" she asked sweetly.

"No, not at all Elizabeth," Jack answered tensely.

Elizabeth strolled over to him, her hips like pendulums, swaying enticingly.

She spread her legs and sat in his lap. She was inches from him. She could smell his aftershave.

Jack was nearly trembling in anticipation. Elizabeth was sat in his lap, his hard on pressed into her abdomen. Her smooth skin, red lips and full breasts tantalisingly close. He felt drunk on lust just smelling her perfume.

"I don't think I'm that comfortable, I'm going to try find a better spot," Elizabeth remarked. She started gyrating her hips, grinding into Jack's crotch. 

It felt amazing. Allie had never done anything like this for Jack and Elizabeth was very good.

"When I was in college, I moved in with a few girls. They were really good at this and showed me a few things," Elizabeth whispered softly.

"Jack?" Elizabeth asked, moving in for the kill. He looked at her expectantly, his expression was of a primal hunger.

"What do you want to do?" Elizabeth asked seductively, arching her back. Jack certainly noticed the difference in figure between her and Allie.

"I want to tear that sexy lingerie off you and make you cry out my name," Jack growled. He could feel Ashley's presence and this only turned him on more.

Elizabeth continued giving Jack a sensual lap dance and began her testing.

"Who do you prefer? Allie or me?" Elizabeth asked, really rolling her hips and working Jack's cock.

"I prefer you in bed," Jack answered honestly. She was such an enticing temptation. 

They both realised they had dropped the charade, but didn't care.

"Why?" Elizabeth asked insistently.

"You can do things like this. The way you sucked my cock that day was incredible, I could feel your cheeks caving in. Your pussy is tighter and you know exactly how to grip me with it. Also, the sex was amazing. You were able to command me in ways Allie couldn't," Jack admitted, feeling momentarily guilty, but the sight of her curvaceous figure dashed it away.

Elizabeth placed her hand on Jack's hard on, after reaching inside his trousers and underwear. She started giving him a slow, but thorough hand job.

"So, you prefer your realtor to you wife?" Elizabeth asked mischievously.

"Yes," Jack gasped. "You're sexier and your figure is perfect."

"So, I'm better, But you still want to put a baby in me?" Elizabeth asked, beginning to test his resolve and curious to his mindset.

Jack paused at this. He hadn't expected that question, He realised that the growing illicit, devious part of him relished the idea of putting a baby in a woman as beautiful as Elizabeth Mason. His married or moral part of him was easily overwhelmed by this desire.

"Yes," Jack confessed.

"Jack. If you're going to father my child, then you'll have to explain to Allie that there was a flood in my apartment and I'll need a place to stay for a while," Elizabeth murmured.

Jack was hypnotised by the smell of her perfume, the sound of her husky voice and the feeling of her body against his. His eyes were filled with passion and stared into hers.

'There's my Jack,' Elizabeth thought to herself.

"You have to promise me you'll back me up" Elizabeth whispered, stroking his cock.

Jack thought about that, Elizabeth would have their baby growing inside her and she'd be staying in the house they had consummated their affair in. "I will," he vowed.

"Good, you can move now," Elizabeth whispered sexily.

Jack nearly ripped the panties off her and rolled on top. He pushed his fingers into her dripping pussy. 

"Ohhh," Elizabeth moaned, her eyelids fluttering. 

He worked her clit and kissed her neck. 

"Oh Jack," Elizabeth groaned.

Jack wasted no more time. He pulled his fingers out and held them in front of Elizabeth. She grabbed them and stuck them into her mouth.

Jack knelt on the bed and looked up at her as he kissed her pussy lips. He sensuously massaged her clit with his tongue and ate her out.

Elizabeth's eyelids fluttered and her cheeks flushed with pleasure. Upon opening them, she could see Ashley was looking at her.

Elizabeth bit her lip and pulled Jack's mouth towards her pussy, without breaking eye contact with Ashley.

Elizabeth spied the glint of rings on Ashley's hand.

Elizabeth smiled seductively at the photographer, her expression saying everything as he revelled in Jack's treatment of her cunt.

Ashley could feel that Elizabeth was imagining her joining them. Ashley imagined kissing Elizabeth's full lips, feeling Jack's hands grip her ass, tasting Elizabeth, feeling Jack enter-.

She shook herself. She couldn't do that to Fred. Though she couldn't quite banish the daydream.

"Mmmm," Elizabeth sighed as Jack rose from between her legs. She was interrupted in her attempt pay Jack back by Jack's cock forcing her lips apart and entering her.

He kissed her as he opened her tightness with his thick cock.

'God, I love the taste of cum,' Elizabeth sighed inwardly. Jack pulled his cock to just outside her pussy.

Jack was sliding the head of his throbbing cock between Elizabeth's pussy lips, teasing her. 

Elizabeth reached down and grasped his cock, pulling it towards her welcoming cunt. 

Jack growled softly. He lifted Elizabeth's shapely, stockinged legs to his shoulders.

Elizabeth didn't have to say a lustful word. Jack slowly pushed his cock inside her. He was folding her knees up to her shoulders and angling into her. 

Elizabeth gasped at the sensation. 

In this position, with her legs pressing on his shoulders, he had never felt larger.

"I've thought about this since you left the house that day. I've thought about you every time Allie and I have gone to bed," Jack admitted.

Elizabeth looked at him astonished, then laughed. "You wanted to fuck the taller, naughtier woman?" she giggled as Jack started fucking her.

"Yes. You're the hotter woman" Jack confessed. He was able to look Elizabeth straight in the eye, because of her added height compared to Allie. 

"So, when I'm living with you. We're going to have to sort this out," Elizabeth said breathlessly.

"Don't worry, if you're living with me then we're going to be doing this a lot," Jack promised. 

Elizabeth was shocked and incredibly turned on. Jack was about to agree to her ultimatum without her asking.

Jack was thrusting in and out of her masterfully. He was pulling his cock out nearly entirely, then thrusting it back in. 

Elizabeth was lustfully meeting his thrusts, clenching at his ass with both hands, trying to force him in harder. 

He grasped her and rolled her into doggystyle before plunging his cock inside her dripping pussy.

Elizabeth glanced over at her reflection in the nearest full length mirror. 

Here she was, in a photo studio, with Allie's husband, while he fucked her senseless. 

She loved it. It was so wrong, but that just made her hotter, committing the adulterous act. 

Both of them were soon covered in a sheen of sweat.

"If I get the choice, I'll fuck you over Allie any chance I can get," Jack grunted, fucking her harder and faster.

"You know Jack, you are highlighting all the reasons I should've made a move earlier" Elizabeth purred as Jack thrust in and out of her.

"Well what can I say? You brought this all out in me" he growled and plunged inside her.

Ashley was awestruck. She had never had a couple into the studio that had this level of intensity. She could feel her panties dampen. She couldn't decide who she was more attracted to. Her free left hand passed under her skirt and between her legs.

"Mmmm, well as long as we keep it a secret from Allie," Elizabeth whispered. "Last thing we need is for her to find out how close we're getting," Elizabeth breathed as Jack filled her cunt entirely.

"Though I'll be showing soon," Elizabeth gasped as Jack claimed the entirety of her cunt in a single stroke.

"Showing?" Jack asked confused.

"Yes. Congratulations, you're going to be a daddy," Elizabeth moaned.

Jack paused for an instant.

That day, the first time he had cheated on his wife, in the house he bought without her permission, with the seductive temptress underneath him. He had put his first child in her.

Jack flipped Elizabeth onto her back, wanting to look into Elizabeth's eyes as he fucked her.

'I have impregnated the hottest woman I've ever known,' Jack thought to himself. A illicit rush went through him. He could feel a wicked pride at this revelation.

"I'll tell Allie about the flood tomorrow afternoon. I'll call you when you need to get a bag together for the first few nights," Jack explained as he continued to fuck Elizabeth deeply.

'I have corrupted the best married man I've ever known,' Elizabeth thought smugly and wrapped her legs around his waist, pulling him further inside her and the indecent pleasure she offered him. She was close to climaxing. 

Jack looked up to see Ashley fingering herself with a blissful expression. She froze when she noticed Jack's attention. He grinned at her. "Don't stop," Jack said. Elizabeth assumed it was for her and pulled him in with each thrust. Ashley realised it was for her and continued masturbating, she could feel herself close and it showed on her face. Her eyes were wide, her lips were wet, her mouth was already open, breathing heavily.

"That feels good, doesn't it?" Jack asked. "Yes, yes it does Jack," Elizabeth cried. Ashley felt herself nod despite herself and instinctively pushed her fingers further inside herself.

She imagined Jack on top of her, filling her cunt with his bare cock, powerfully claiming her for his own.

Jack could see Ashley's face take on a mischievous expression and her hand disappear further under her skirt.

'That's something to keep in mind,' Jack thought to himself deviously.

The idea of his newly pregnant mistress and this blonde woman crawling into bed with him while his wife was away at work was enough to push him over the edge.

Elizabeth felt him explode before he could get the words out and she came with him. Oblivious to Elizabeth but not to Jack, Ashley came and her juices ran down her fingers.

"Mmmm, Jack. You certainly know how to make a woman feel desired," Elizabeth sighed as Jack finished firing torrent after torrent of his seed into her womb.

"Well, I just try to express my appreciation as best I can," Jack admitted and glanced at the breathless photographer.

"Well that was certainly a session unlike any I've seen," Ashley admitted, her voice a bit husky from pleasure.

"There's a shower in the back," Ashley said to Jack, trying to divert him from her obvious arousal.

Jack begrudgingly rolled off Elizabeth and the bed.

"Back in ten," Jack said to Elizabeth and walked towards the back room.

Ashley looked away as he walked past her naked.

"Ashley, thank you for helping us with this. I'm very grateful," Elizabeth sighed.

"Well I've never seen a couple as passionate as you two," Ashley replied honestly.

"How about you sit down here?" Elizabeth said suggestively, indicating the bed.

"I better not," Ashley said, trying to draw her gaze away from the practically naked brunette lounging in front of her and failing miserably.

Elizabeth got up on her knees and gently grasped Ashley's wrist.
