 Chapter 5 – Dinner and Desert

Marie pushed off from the shelf and looked around, she really didn't need anything from in here, she hoped nobody notices her emergence as she opened the door and stepped out. She looked around slightly paranoid that somebody might be watching her as she made her way back to her desk. 

She looked at the clock and thank god it was just about time to leave, she was totally full of nervous energy as she sat down in her chair and started turning off her computer. She needed to get out of here. She was sure somebody would notice her, she knew she'd look like she just had great sex. 

She picked up her bag and walked towards the elevator, and causally looked over at Nick's station. He looked at her and she shivered as his glance was full of unrestrained passion. His eyes flared with searing passion before a mischievous grin appeared on his face and winked at her... She had to leave now before she melted into a puddle of goo on the floor. 

***

She needed a cold shower, she was still overheated from her 'adventure' she couldn't believe she had been so forward. But she couldn't help but wonder, now the itch was scratched, would he want her anymore. Am I just another notch on his belt? She planned to make tonight as memorable as possible. She didn't want him to drop her, she was going to fight to keep his attention.

She'd use tonight to find out more about him, but now she needed to get ready to turn him inside out, just as much as he was still doing. Too bad tomorrow wasn't the weekend, but she certainly planned to have more than just this one night with him, or she really would chain him to her bed.

***

Digging through her wardrobe she wanted to find the perfect dress for the date, she had racks of blouses and ball dresses but not much in the way of what she would call exactly sexy. She despaired at her collection, she needed to go dress shopping that was for sure. Suddenly she caught sight of a dress she hadn't had an opportunity to wear yet.

She grinned it was perfect, bronze with a small amount of glitter ingrained into the silky fabric. She quickly looked at the clock, in a hurry she grabbed the dress off the hook and dashed into the bathroom, she couldn't believe it she only had thirty more minutes to get ready. She still needed to put on more makeup!

Marie clipped her earrings together as the doorbell rang, she sighed in relief she just made it. She grabbed her evening bag and purse off the kitchen table and walked out to the door and opened it. She just about drooled at the sight of him. He was wearing a black suit with a mocha coffee shirt that seemed to ripple in the light.

"Ready to go?" he asked with a slight purr in his voice.

She shuddered, his voice did delicious things to her. Tonight was going to be a hot one. "Sure, lets go," she inflected her own purr as she walked out the door past him and locked up.

He needed a moment to compose himself, what was it about mousy Marie that made him feel like a raging beast? He wanted to rip off that tight dress and take her up against the wall, tonight was going to be hard. If he was going to have to struggle tonight, so would she. He was going to make sure of it, he smirked deviously then turned and walked down the steps to his car parked on the side of the street.

She was certainly in for it tonight she thought as she watched Nick, he looked like a predator ready to pounce on his prey and devour it. She needed to try and keep him contained or she'd be totally lost by the end of night. He couldn't get to much power over her, she knew exactly where this was headed.

He was sweating again, the atmosphere inside his car had become as steamy as a jungle. He almost didn't want to continue with this dance and just take her back to the apartment and ravish her all night, but that would be a sign of weakness and he didn't want that. He bit back a growl of frustration as he entered the parking lot of the restaurant. He pushed the door open and almost sighed in relief as the cool air whipped past him, cooling his overheating body.

She grinned when she saw his tense frame relax as he stepped out of the car, it was good he was just as hot as she was. She opened the door and stepped out into the crisp air, feeling the coolness wrap around her. With a sigh of relief she walked towards the doors without waiting for Nick. She looked over her shoulder and tossed him a cheeky grin and stepped inside.

He growled, she was playing with him. He had to teach her a lesson, nobody toyed with him and got away with it. He smirked again as he pushed off from his car and locked it then set the alarm before striding towards the entrance. She was going to regret toying with him, he thought.

She was really in trouble now as she looked back and saw Nick approaching her, she hid a grin, prodding the beast was proving to be quite entertaining. Though skipping these formalities would have been better, remembering the hot and hard press of his chest against hers in the supply closet sent a shiver down her spine.

Nick leaned in close to her and whispered in her ear, "You're a very naughty woman Marie, don't think that you've gotten away with it, two can play this little game of yours,"

She shuddered and then grinned, her plan really was working as they approached the concierge desk to place their orders. She had to bite back a gasp as his hand ran up her leg to the leg band of her panties. She had to control her breathing and keep the waver out of her voice as she ordered a salad and a steak with mushroom sauce.

Nick leaned over and growled in her ear, "Sounds delicious," he extracted his hand and ordered the same.

She had to get him back she thought as she sat at the table they were directed to. He decided on being extremely wicked right there, she'd do the same she thought with a wicked glint in her eye.

"What are you planning there?" he said huskily.

"You'll just have to wait and see won't we?" she said with a grin.

They were seated at a table up against the wall mostly covered from view of the room. She looked around quickly observing the area, only a few diners close by. She could put her plan into action. She slipped her shoes off and rubbed her feet together, she smirked to herself. Her woollen stockings would come nicely into play here. She slid her foot up Nick's leg slowly watching the heat simmer in his eyes.

"Watch what you're doing there, you're playing with fire. And when you play with fire you get burned," Nick said huskily. She was going to be the death of him that was one thing for sure he muttered to himself.

"Can you handle it though Nick?" she purred as her foot slid up his tense calf to his thigh and continued slowly moving. The long table cloth was a nice advantage as there was no way the approaching waiter would see what she was doing. As soon as he reached them with two baskets with bread in them she pushed her foot against his rock hard cock and rubbed him with the rough wool. He jerked in the seat as his jaw went rigid. 

"Are you ok sir?" asked the waiter concerned, regarding Nick's uncomfortable state as redness bloomed across his cheeks.

"Yes, everything is fine," he said struggling to keep his voice level as Marie rasped her foot against his aching cock.

"Ok sir, this is the entree. I will be back with your meals shortly," said the waiter as he placed the baskets on the table, he turned sharply and walked away.

Nick growled under his breath, "You're really evil you know that right Marie?"

She grinned deviously and said, "What? Can't take the heat?" 

Nick's eyes darkened and he growled, "I'll show you heat," he pushed off one of his shoes and slid his wool sock covered foot up her calf to her thigh and rolled it around in circles. Biting back a groan as her foot continued its torture on his cock. He leaned over the table and plucked some bread from the basket and started eating it slowly. Savouring the rich texture of the butter melted into the bread.

Marie bit back a gasp as his foot slid higher up her thigh as she watched him eat the bread. Teasing her, her foot slowed down in her rubbing. He grinned, he was getting to her, he needed to get some of the power that she had taken from him. He was going to be controlling this, he'd make her crack for sure. 

She reached into the basket and pulled out some bread and stroked her foot over his cock making him jerk and gasp. His eyes darkened further closer towards black. She grinned, they were both running hot now and dinner still had not arrived yet. They'd need every single piece of it as they were in for a long night.

"You won't win," Nick growled at her, his blood was running hot now. His face was burning and fuzzy prickles of heat danced all over his chest and down his spine. He grasped the jug of water and poured a glass and drank deeply.

"Oh I see otherwise," she purred, feeling just as much heat. She hadn't had so much excitement in what she thought might be forever.

"Well we will just have to see who comes out on top then won't we?" he asked setting the glass back on the table and picking up another piece of bread. His toes rubbed in a tight circle on her thigh in a rough pattern.

It was a struggle to breathe normally as his rough foot scraped her thigh, she also had to keep the pressure up on him, not let him breathe or she'd be lost if he was afforded the chance to direct his full attention to her. She reached out and grabbed another piece of bread.

Time seemed to pass by rather quickly while they were intent on keeping up their teasing of each other. He spotted the waiter returning with their plates and smirked, time to get his revenge. Once he was at their table he pushed his foot up and stroked his toe over her panties. She jerked and swallowed a gasp.

"Everything ok here?" asked the waiter as he set down their plates.

"Yes everything is fine," said Marie, breathily as the heavenly smell from the plates surrounded her.

"Very good, Enjoy your meals," he said with a knowing smile and walked off.

Marie giggled slightly and said, "He knows,"

Nick grunted not willing to answer as he picked up his fork and started sawing through the meat. "You're mean Marie," he said as he shovelled some of the meat into his mouth and groaned at the flavour exploding in his mouth.

She grinned and ate some of the meat and stroked his thigh, her leg was starting to ache so she switched legs and continued eating the rich plump steak.

She was intent on driving him crazy, he was worried that he was going to burst and end up embarrassing himself. He wanted the dinner to end so he could get himself under control again. He needed to try and keep her off balance or he was screwed, he rubbed his foot against her lips making her jerk again.

That man was seriously trying to kill her she thought as sensual heat boiled through her. She had to get through this and then the desert before she could wrestle full control of this situation. She had him exactly where she wanted him and how she'd do it once they were driving away from here.

Once they were done with the salad the waiter returned. He gave them both a measured look as it was all but impossible for them to retain their composure as they were both sweating and breathing faster than normal. "Did you want to order a dessert?" asked the waiter.

"Caramel fudge and vanilla ice cream i'll have," said Marie.

"And you sir?" asked the waiter.

Marie rubbed her foot over his groin again making him tense, "Chocolate ice cream and fudge,"

"There's certainly going to be some gossip about us later," she whispered huskily, rubbing her foot up his cock and down again in tight circles.

Nick groaned and said, "You really are evil you know that?" He rubbed his foot over her mound making her tense.

Soon enough the waiter returned with their deserts. He put down up the plates and with a smile he said, "Enjoy your deserts," and walked away.

She looked down at her ice cream, it would have been so much better had she been able to eat it off his chest she thought with a devilish smirk as she stroked her foot over his groin and up to his belt. He looked at her with fire blazing in his eyes as he picked up his spoon and shovelled up some of the rich chocolate.

He pushed the spoon into his mouth at the same time that he rubbed his foot over her panties again. They were sending each other crazy with desire as they ate their desserts. Wanting to speed it up but not willing to show their impatience to each other. He knew one thing, tonight was going to be a long hot one.

The rich caramel fudge coated her tongue and throat as she swallowed it, groaning as the flavour exploded across her tongue. She wanted Nick so badly, but that would give a lot of power over to him if he found that weakness. She'd have to grit her teeth and bare it until they were finished. 

When Nick removed his foot, Marie smirked at him and rubbed his groin again before dropping hers. "What's the matter Nick?" she purred.

He only looked at her as he raised his arm, waving over the waiter, "Check, please," he said in a strained voice. Still he didn't reply to her question, afraid he'd lose that last bit of sanity and patience. That woman was in for a ride! The bill paid, he suddenly stood up. 

A surprised look appeared on her face as she asked, "Where are you going?"

"Back to the car, I'm done here."

The surprise faded as she saw him buttoning up his jacket to cover up the impressive bulge in his pants. She watched him turn and walk out of the restaurant. Licking her lips after taking another spoonful of the delicious ice cream, she smiled. Oh I'm going to have so much fun tonight, she thought at she finished her dessert and then got up to leave as well.

He walked towards his car as controlled as he could make it, even the cool air out here was unable to cool him off. He was so hard it hurt, he reached down and adjusted himself discreetly, Marie would be along soon, certainly not enough time for him to be able to regain control over himself.

She walked towards him, she was just as flushed as he was. He smirked, seduction was always a double edged sword. Both parties could be burned so easily, he slid inside his car and unlocked the door waiting for Marie to come.

She grinned, he was still flushed, it would make her plan easier she thought as she opened the door and stepped into the car. Pulling the door shut she pulled on her seat belt and gazed into Nick's hungry eyes. There was no doubt about what was going to happen tonight, no question. She would certainly enjoy it, she felt the exhilaration coursing through her veins.

"Let's go then," he growled and started the car and leaving the parking lot. She put her purse down and stared at him, no wonder she had a crush on the man. He seemed to be quite similar in his likes to hers. To her that was very important, and the fact that he could stand her to her teasing was another shining positive. 

Though she had another test for him, she smirked deviously as she waited for them to join the traffic flow. Once they were out on the road she started her plan, her nails scraped against his damp neck. He shuddered as he tried to concentrate on the road as her nails toyed with his collar.

"What do you think you're doing? I'm trying to drive here," he growled.

She grinned as her nails trailed down his shirt to his belt as she toyed with it. "Having some fun, chill out Nick," she said cheekily as she pulled his belt open and teasingly popped the button on his pants. 

He sucked a deep breath in, she was certainly going to kill him now as his knuckles turned white against the steering wheel. Her nails rasped against his fly sending sparks of hot flaying sensation up his spine. Sharp, hot prickles washing over his body.

She unzipped him suddenly and pulling his pants open. She grinned and said, "You came prepared," as she exposed his throbbing hard cock, the glistening dark red head thick in her hand. She ran her nails up and down his cock making him groan and tense in the seat.

He choked on a breath as she grasped his cock firmly in her hand and stroked him, slowly, teasingly.

"Marie, you're certainly going to pay for this," he growled as he sat rigidly in his seat.

"I can't wait for it," she said huskily as she drew her nails up his cock and under the rim making him jerk and hiss.

They were still at least ten minutes away from her apartment, he didn't think she'd try something so bold. He was almost to the breaking point, he felt as though he'd bust at any moment. He cursed loudly as her thumbnail dragged over the currently super sensitive tip. "Damn it Marie, are you trying to kill me here?" he hissed.

"Of course not, where would the fun that be?" she giggled gleefully as she continued stroking him and teasing him with her nails.

He groaned as her torture continued, he needed to be inside her before he exploded. They were close to her apartment, he needed to last until then. He was counting his blessings though as if she had put her mouth on him he would have been gone, his control was already extremely weak. Another wracking tremor passed over him as she scrapped under the rim of his cock.

This was better than any fantasy, he bit his lip to stop a moan from escaping as they turned down Marie's street. She released his cock and tucked him back into his pants and then leaned over and kissed his neck, savouring the salty flavour of his skin.

He parked the car in the apartment parking zone and quickly buckled his belt again as Marie exited the car. He slid outside quickly and locked up his car and stalked hungrily after her, the first time was going to be hot and hard. She already had the door open and was waiting for him as he approached her down the entrance hall.

Lucky she had a ground floor apartment or he might have lost his shaky control and taken her on the stairs. He pulled the door shut and shoved her against it with a loud thud and thrust his tongue down her throat, kissing her hungrily, like he was starving for her. 

She groaned against the hot and hard press of his body, this was her doing and she loved that she could get him so fired up. She wanted to feel his chest pressed up against her, out of these clothes. She grabbed the middle of his shirt and pushed him away from her, then tore his shirt open yanking it off his broad shoulders together with his jacket.

His skin was flushed with damp hairs plastered to his skin, he was just as ripped as she had imagined as her fingers trailed across his abs. He growled and unzipped her dress and yanked it off her and then tugging at her panties and tearing them off. He snapped her bra off and shoved her back against the door while her fingers worked at his belt.

"You've been a bad girl, and guess what happens to bad girls? They get punished," he growled as she tore open his pants and shoved them down to his ankles. He grasped her hips and slammed his cock deep inside of her, the door rattled as she came off of it and back up against it as he slammed into her like a piston.

Her hands grasped his back as her legs wrapped around his as they thrust against each other, knowing nothing but the raging fire in each other's eyes and the burning torrent of sensation rushing through them. The bite of her nails as they dug into his back was sending him crazy as he slammed her into the door, they trailed down lower until her nails were digging into his tight ass.

She needed to unbalance him, shock him she thought through her haze of mind-melting pleasure. Her nails dug deeper into his ass as he ravaged her against the door, her teeth raked against his neck and licked the salt from his sweat and dug her teeth in slightly biting him. 

The sudden pinch of her bite send him tumbling over the edge as he exploded forcefully inside of her, as a loud roar emanated from his chest. Marie's orgasm was triggered by his as she cried out, he groaned and shuddered against her as her walls squeezed and milked him.
