 Chapter 3 concluded: "Although she is now 34 Sally still enjoys an occasional session in front of the cameras but her story concludes, as far as we're concerned, with a favour for a young friend she met at a recent party." 

Chapter 4: The final chapter

Ambar becomes a mother.

It's now August 2014. Ambar, Veena (her mum) and Sally are in the Oxford hospital maternity ward cooing over the little baby boy who is Ambar's first child born just three weeks before. He was about three weeks premature but he's fit and healthy so being kept in for observation as a precaution. The women are delighted with this little bundle of joy though Sally and Ambar smile inwardly when they recall exactly how he came to be conceived in the first place. The father is Colin who will be back from work soon to see his beautiful wife and baby son. Parentage is really the main story in this final tale.

Sally and David (48) married three years ago and have twin girls aged just under two. The girls take up a huge amount of Sally's time, especially as it is now summer holiday time and babysitters are in short supply. Even though it's also holiday time for the local Uni, David still has to go to work and does his best to juggle his time between work, being a dad and also an occasional porn star; which is how he and Sally met ten years ago and when this story really began.

Back in 2004 when Sally was 24 she inadvertently got caught up in the world of pornographic films made in Nottingham (UK) when she was starting out as a journalist after her degree. She was commissioned to report on a seminar on pornography in London and things just sort of exploded from then on. (See Sally Chapter 1)

About a year after the birth of the girls in 2011 Sally returned to work as a free-lance journalist and although she works mostly from home she, quite often, has to go on assignment and, as David still works full-time as a lecturer in human biology at the Uni where he has been a professor for nearly 15 years, they have to employ someone to look after their girls. 

So it was just after Xmas 2012 when Sally employed Ambar as a babysitter and part-time nanny. Ambar was in her last year at the same Uni as David and where David's best friend Colin is her tutor. Also the babysitting money helped her a lot and the twin girls always seem relaxed when Ambar is with them which helps.

Veena and her family run the Indian convenience store and restaurant close to Sally's home and she and David are regular customers. Veena used to drop off her granddaughters at the local playgroup / nursery where Sally takes her girls and this is where they got to know each other. 

David and Sally went to Veena's house for a family party back in 2011 and it was at that party she got to know Ambar. They seemed to hit it off straight away as Ambar was very bright and pretty and she reminded Sally of herself a few years before.

In 2012 the professor Colin, got the dream promotion and moved to Oxford where he is now a world renowned expert on tropical diseases and spends much time travelling the world with his job. Colin and David graduated together at the same time from Uni and their careers had been closely mirrored at the local Uni.

As her tutor, Colin and Ambar had become good friends and eventually it went well beyond friendship as they became lovers, although they had to be discreet as these relationships are somewhat frowned upon. Even David and Sally were unaware until the Oxford move happened. 

Much to Veena's displeasure Ambar suddenly decided she would move to Oxford with Colin where they quickly eloped and married without any family present. Amber was only 19 and Colin 47. It caused quite a rift in the family at the time. 

Veena like many Indian Hindu women is quite traditional when it comes to family and, despite her degree, she half expected Ambar to join the family firm, marry a good Hindu boy and have many babies. So Ambar's sudden elopement was not quite the outcome she expected although she quite liked the idea of being Mother-in-Law to an Oxford Don.

As so often happens in families things settled down and Ambar now comes home regularly to stay with her mum while Colin is away and she also pops round to see Sally. She still helps with the babysitting though she doesn't need the money any longer. 

Despite their age difference Ambar and Sally have become good friends and Ambar confides her innermost feelings to Sally like an older sister, some things which she can't really share with her mum. Her being just 21 and Colin nearly 49 is an issue now but they do love each other.

All over Xmas 2013 and into the New Year, Veena has been niggling away at Ambar about starting a family and she and Colin had been trying to do just that with but little success so far. Being with Sally's girls had made Ambar quite broody so she was always ready to have a go at breeding. Even though Colin is doing his best, he doesn't seem to fulfil Ambar's needs and she's getting frustrated. Colin's the only man Ambar had ever been with sexually but she's sure there was more inside her that needs satisfying.

It was early January 2014 when the latest events in this story took place at Sally's house. Colin was away in the US so Ambar had come over to Nottingham to stay with her mum again. David was at work and Sally was working on a project at home when Ambar came round. The baby girls were having their morning nap and all was quiet. It was obvious to Sally that Ambar was preoccupied about something as she didn't seem her usual ebullient self. 

Ambar is slight and slim at 5ft tall but with a round bottom with shapely but small breasts. She has quite dark skin with dark brown shoulder length hair. She is stunningly beautiful with brown eyes and could easily have been a model if her circumstances had been different.

Ambar confided in Sally that she felt there was something missing between her and Colin but she couldn't put her finger on it. Sally subtly gleaned more information from Ambar until it was plain to Sally (but not to Ambar) that Ambar was not reaching orgasm during sex and there was very little foreplay either. It was also obvious to Sally straight away that neither of them, Colin nor Ambar, really knew much about sexual fulfilment and were just blundering their way along. It may be the 21st century but sexual education is not always there if you don't know where to find it.

"Have you ever looked at porn Ambar?" Sally asked. The forthright way she just came out with the question reminded Sally of the way Angie and Karen used to shock her. Amber blushed under her dark skin and seemed a little taken aback. 

"I've read 50 shades of grey, and the content disturbed me a bit, especially when the girls at the gym in Oxford were discussing it and seemed to understand a lot more than I did" she had a perplexed look on her face.

Sally needed more information and asked, "Do you not look for sex things like that on the Internet?" She pushed a little more before Ambar, now looking slightly embarrassed, shook her head and admitted she didn't.

"I'm not trying to be horrible sweetheart but you need a proper sex education, OK? Would you trust me to help you and show you what you're missing?" Sally stopped and waited as Ambar hesitated. "Ambar sweetheart there's so much wonderful pleasure in sex, a beautiful girl like you deserves to experience all that pleasure and I can definitely help you if you'll let me." Ambar was breathing deeply and very unsure but Sally could see she was taking it in and eventually she spoke.

"Sally, I don't know what you want me to do. I think you're right as I didn't understand what she was feeling in 50 shades as I've no idea what it was." Ambar was almost crying as she spoke and Sally went over to her and knelt down in front of her in the chair.

Ambar, I can definitely show you what they we doing to her in that book and if you're happy I'll show you something which I don't show many people, only special friends OK?" Ambar nodded.

She went into the room next door (the studio) and brought out a box full of DVDs.

Sally looked through the box and she took the DVD out of the plain box with "Sally No:1" on it and pushed it into the DVD player. She turned on the TV and made sure the sound was turned much lower as she didn't want to wake the twins.

"Now Ambar you may get quite a shock as you will recognise people in this film but just watch and enjoy OK?" Ambar nodded intrigued as the film started.

The DVD was the very first film which the team made with Sally when they duped her into taking part and the rest is history. Sally herself still gets very turned on watching David strip her naked tie her up on the table and fuck her brains out.

Ambar's eyes were wide and her mouth open as she took in what was happening in front of her. "Oh my God Sally how did this happen? That's David isn't it? It looks amazing. God he's a big man down there, much bigger than Colin." Sally watched closely as Ambar now breathing heavily was obviously getting really turned on as she shifted in her chair.

"Now do you understand what "50 shades" is all about?" she asked.

"Oh my God yes" stammered Ambar as she shifted in her seat.

"Now don't be alarmed but I think I know what you need now OK?" Ambar, very red in the face and shaking, looked at Sally quizzically.

Sally went over to Ambar and pulled her up out of the chair and removed Ambar's shirt over her head. She then reached down and removed Ambar's shoes before unzipping her skirt. Ambar was shaking as she realised what was happening to her. Using years of practice doing this Sally had stripped Ambar naked in seconds and there was a distinct wetness in the crutch of Ambar's panties as Sally removed them.

Sally pulled the beautiful naked Asian girl to her and kissed her passionately before she manoeuvred her onto to her back on the carpet. As the supine Ambar lay there, her chest heaving in anticipation, Sally could see how wet she was as the drops of her fluids glistened on her black pubic hair. Ambar waxed to a bikini line but Sally found it refreshing to see an unshaved pussy nowadays.

Ambar just complied as Sally pulled her legs wide open and started touching her pubic hair and opening her wet vagina before gently caressing her now exposed clitoris. Ambar jerked as Sally touched her most sensitive parts which encouraged Sally.

"This is going to be easy," she thought as she lay between Ambar's outstretched legs putting two fingers into her pussy and licking her clitoris so fast just like Karen had taught her.

Ambar was holding Sally's head as the inevitable happened. A loud throaty scream erupted from Ambar as the first real orgasm of her life ripped through her slight form. She was jerking and screaming as wave after wave of her orgasms rippled through her naked form.

Sally thinks Ambar came at least three times in that short finger fucking and clit licking before another familiar sound broke into their activities ---- the sound of two screaming baby girls.

As Ambar just lay there naked on the carpet, still jerking and breathing very heavily, Sally got up to sort out the babies after wiping all Ambar's cum off her face and hands.

The twins effectively brought their sex session to an abrupt end as Ambar went into the bathroom to clean up and get dressed, Sally was now busy trying to quieten the twins as they seemed to be competing with each other in who could scream the loudest. Sally was very wet in her gusset and really needed sexual relief but that would have to wait.

Eventually the girls settled down again in their little buggies, entertaining each other in the way twins can do. As long as they can see either mummy or Ambar they were happy-ish.

Sally re-joined Ambar who was still looking very agitated and a little anxious about what had happened. Sally kissed her and said "How was that for a quick sex education lesson?" Ambar laughed but then almost burst into tears as she poured out her feelings to her new lover. 

"I never realised what an orgasm was until just now and it was with another woman as well. I didn't think I was a lesbian or you were, but it was so wonderful I wish we could do this more often." Ambar was looking a Sally with love in her eyes which Sally quickly had to rationalise.

"That's sweet Ambar and I love you too but don't compartmentalise men and women into gay and straight please. It's just human animal sex and passion and both sexes can enjoy it together without that crap that the media and porn merchants portray."

"We need to move to the next stage in your sex education now and that's how do you get pregnant?" she smiled as she looked at Ambar who had that quizzical look again.

"When did you and Colin last have sex?" asked Sally.

"We had it twice yesterday before he left."

Sally was pleased to hear that as it laid the seed of the plot she was hatching. After all the times Angie and Karen had surprised her, Sally had learnt a lot and there was a plan brewing in her mind. She was going to carry on Ambar's sex education and show her what she has been missing.

"How long are you in town for?" she asked as her plan needed to have David here if it was going to work.

"I'm here for three more days before I need to go back to Oxford for a special meeting I'm invited to. Why?"

"If I was to get someone else to look after the twins, would you be free to come here tomorrow evening and spend the night as we've a special party which I'm sure you'll enjoy?" Sally was delighted when Ambar agreed. Now she needed to get David prepared.

Ambar arrived at 5pm and David kissed her full on the mouth which took Ambar by surprise.

"Just relax Ambar darling, this is just our way of welcoming our new guests to our special party," said Sally smiling

Moving towards the studio Sally took hold of Ambar's hand and guided her through into Sally's favourite room. 

Sally must have reached thousands of orgasms in this room and her plan was to treat this beautiful young Asian girl to just that experience.

In the centre of the room is a padded table which was just four arms in an X shape. On the end of each arm are padded clamps which attach to the wrists and ankles of the customer on the table. The clamp end of each arm is connected to the floor via a chrome stand and the central support is height adjustable.

After seeing the apparatus Ambar now recognised this as the place where the DVD was filmed and she also realised she could be their victim. She couldn't see any cameras so she relaxed a little but she was somewhat anxious of what Sally was planning for her.

In the last ten years since the team started their studio, technology has moved on and the quality and size of the cameras has moved on as well. It was now possible to hide them from view and record long length clips without having to worry about storage space. Once they were switched on remotely they could leave all eight of the cameras running without disturbing and without the performers knowing for over six hours. All the movies are in MP4 format so are very easy to edit and adjust.

While Ambar was looking around the room Sally pressed the play button on her little remote control and the message came back on the display eight cameras running. 

David moved over to Ambar and he towered over her being 6ft tall and Sally moved over to her from the other side and in less than a minute Ambar was stark naked. David lifted her naked form over to the table and laid her on her back. Whilst he held her legs Sally took both of Ambar's wrists and clamped them into each of the arms at her end. 

This done David pulled Ambar's body down the table until her arms were stretched tight. Sally joined at this end and David took one ankle while she took the other and both Ambar's ankles where now clamped in tight. David then reached be and spun the adjusting wheel and Ambar's back started to arch until the tension across her chest showed she was not in position.

All that could be heard in the studio was "Oh My God!" over and over again from Ambar as she shaking with the anticipation of what was going to happen to her. 

Sally leaned over her and kissed her "This your fifty shades of grey, Ambar. Enjoy it!"

There she was stretched out naked on a table with every part of her on show for David to see. She remembered the DVD of Sally in just this position and also the feeling she experienced thanks to Sally yesterday and she was shaking even more as Sally started gently tweaking her nipples between her fingers. Her nipples now stood up rigid and the areola was now like a mini breast as it swelled to Sally's touch. Ambar had never really thought of her breasts as a sensual area but she was really getting turned on by Sally's fingers.

Once Sally had brought Ambar's breasts to their most sensitive she got a pink ribbon from the side of the table and tied it over Ambar's eyes, then she took much longer cord and tied it loosely around Ambar's neck fastening under the table so should could not now lift her head. 

With Ambar unable to see what was happening David had stripped naked and the first throes of his erection was showing.

When fully erect David is very well endowed with a full eight inch erection nearly seven inches in circumference. A real lady pleaser, even though he was only six months from being 50. He still has a firm strong body although he doesn't shave his body hair nowadays.

Sally was gently massaging Ambar's body, teasing her with the tips of her nails making her squirm and relax until she jerked strongly as David had gone between her thighs and opened up her exposed pussy and started licking her clitoris and pushing two fingers in an out of her wet pussy. Although this was just what Sally did to her yesterday it felt so different being restrained and stretched as she was.

David's experienced technique brought the desired effect from Ambar and she came very quickly with a scream and her whole body quivered as the orgasm took hold of her every sense. David had just made her cum and she was in heaven.

David's erection was at its peak now and before Ambar's orgasm started to subside he quickly pushed every last inch of his massive cock deep into her wet pussy. The throaty scream last came out of Ambar's mouth was so erotic. Ambar had never felt anything like this before and she could feel every little movement of his massive cock deep inside her.

Ambar suddenly remembered Sally's comment about how to make babies and realised what she meant now as Sally's husband was fucking her like a wild man. Ambar came over and over again as the sensation nearly blew her mind, and she was nearly passing out when a deep growl from David got louder and louder as he reached the point of no return. With one last scream he shot a huge load of his cum deep inside her.

David kept going even though the sensations on his penis in this post cum state were almost overwhelming for him, he kept going until his erection started to subside a few minutes later.

Sally came around to his side and gave him a huge kiss as he pulled out of Ambar's red and twitching pussy. Sally had a large pink dildo which she pushed into Ambar's gaping sex to keep all of David's cum inside. Her plan had been to breed Ambar with David and she wasn't going to waste any of his precious seed. 

Sally left the dido deep inside Ambar as she calmed down and slowly untied her before readjusting the table down to make her more comfortable. Ambar was, using the obvious expression, totally fucked and could hardly comprehend the whirlwind of what had just happened to her.

After a few minutes David lifted Ambar down from the table and the dildo slipped out leaving a small trail of semen down her thighs onto the floor. Her wobbly legs nearly gave way so David lifted her and laid her on the couch at the side of the room.
