 Chapter 7 -- Holiday Fantasy

Marie's eyes fluttered open suddenly as cool air caressed her back. Her hand flopped around behind her looking for Nick but all she found was cool sheet. He must have slipped out awhile ago. The poor man probably needed a break from her, she grinned remembering the two sweat drenched days they had spent in this bed.

Her eye caught the handcuffs still attached to the bed and she chuckled, they had used them to their full extent. Remembering waking up cuffed to the bed and then later getting sweet revenge, it had been as good as she had envisioned it. Just thinking about it got her hot, she needed to find out where he had escaped to and drag him back to bed.

Nick watched her from the bathroom, she was gorgeous, the most beautiful woman he'd ever laid his eyes on. His body ached from their strenuous workout the last few days. They'd only stopped in their carnal activities to eat. He glanced over to the basin top and looked over another of Marie's fantasies that she had brought with her. 

He grinned remembering how she put him to work right away, now it was time to repay her. He had it all planned, the sunny Bahamas was the perfect location for this specific fantasy that she'd laid out. It could be very interesting. He had to go wake her up now and take her out for the day.

Marie rolled over and prepared to slide out of bed until she noticed Nick standing there at the bathroom door looking over her. He was gorgeous, she just couldn't seem to keep her hands off his brawny ripped physique, he had been so accommodating with her fantasies she had given to him once they had arrived. She blushed thinking of some of the things they had done.

"Morning gorgeous," he said as he strode towards the bed.

"Morning to you to hunky," she grinning deviously, he filled out a pair of boxers really nicely she thought as she contained herself from drooling.

He chuckled then said, "We're going out today, I've got a few things planned."

"Ooh I like the sound of that," said Marie as she slid out of the bed. 

His eyes glued to her naked body as she slid out of bed, he had to contain himself from growling and tossing her on the bed to ravage her. They had to get ready to go, he had a lot planned for the day.

"So what have you got planned today?" asked Marie as she bent over her bag and picked out panties and bra.

Nick's breath caught in his throat as she flashed her pert ass in his face. He had to breathe for a moment to compose himself before he responded, "A cruise tour of the islands, lunch on a beach then a jet ski ride from the beach to a secluded cove. Then there is a snorkelling tour of the cove, then dinner at the beach on the cove."

She grinned and asked, "You planned it all?"

"Certainly did, we need to make the most of our holiday, only four more days before we leave and have to get back to work," he said.

"It's wonderful thanks Nick, I don't think I would have been able to manage all of this booking stuff if it was me here alone," she said.

"My pleasure, I'm going to get dressed then we can go down and get breakfast before we meet the ship," he said and walked past her and dug through his bag and grabbed shorts and a tank shirt and walked back into the bathroom.

It wasn't lost on Marie how much she had just affected him, looks like she was going to get another of her fantasies tonight after all. She grinned and finished dressing.

***

The cruise had been magnificent so far thought Marie as she looked out at the brilliant blue ocean. She wondered how Nick had managed to plan this so quickly because she was sure he was with her the whole time in bed. It was a beautiful day out here the bright sunlight splashed over the boat making the white painted steel glimmer in the light.

The islands were objects of beauty as they slowly sailed past them, while she was admiring the scenery Nick had his gaze locked on her. She was radiant, he was entranced by her. She was wearing a white half shirt tied just under her breasts keeping the base of her back bare. His gazed roved lower down the brilliant green shorts she was wearing.

The sun illuminated her as he stepped closer to her, the last few days had been explosive and to him he felt as if their carnal activities had grown a little more than just purely physical. He looked out to the water and remembered what she had written for her beach fantasy. This was exactly what she said she wanted it to be.

He was going to make it good for her, he cared for her and he felt a sense of sinking. A strange feeling he couldn't describe was weighing him down. He caught sight of a big island not far away, this was going to be the place where he made her fantasy a reality. He reached around Maire and put his arm around her waist and kissed her neck. "We're almost at the island where there will be lunch," he said with a purr.

Marie was startled slightly as Nick's brawny arm wrapped around her as his heat pressed against her back. "Good, I'm getting hungry," she said and turned to face him.

"You'll need your strength," he said and kissed her neck again before slipping his arm away.

Marie turned and looked for Nick and watched him walk away from her. He was godlike to her, his powerful arms on display with that golden tan glimmering in the dazzling sunlight. The last time they were together it had felt different as if he had reached inside her and touched something she couldn't explain. 

She lost herself for a moment watching him in his tight white tank top and black and dark blue board shorts. There was no doubt for her now that they were in a relationship. But she didn't know how that made her feel about him though. There was one thing for sure, she couldn't wait to find out what else Nick had in store for the day.

***

"This place is so beautiful Nick," said Marie as she sat down in her seat at the large table that had been set out on the beach.

"While you were sleeping I checked out what this tour provided, I thought you might enjoy it," said Nick with a slight smile. All he wanted to do was to make her happy, he wanted whatever this thing was to continue after they had gone back home.

"So what does this snorkelling provide?" she asked,

"There is the most dense region of coral and reef fish in the cove, I talked with the hotel manager and he told me of this cove. You hire jet skis from this island and go around the other side. He said it's ten minutes from the platform," he said.

"Sounds great," said Marie grinning. 

The servers came down off the ship which had been docked against a small sized pier standing out from the beach. They were pushing a cart filled with plates containing delicious food.

"You'll enjoy the food," said Nick as the servers placed the plates down in front of them.

She couldn't help but lick her lips when she saw the freshly cooked lobster on the plate in front of her, it sat on a nice bed of firm lettuce and a nice creamy sauce covering the lobster and the fillet of fish. She didn't know how or why, but Nick picked out the two kinds of foods she secretly loved most of all but didn't indulge in that often

"How did you know I liked lobster?" she asked.

He grinned and said, "I cheated a bit, I called your friend Kelly and asked her opinion, and she knew what you liked."

'Wow he put quite a bit of effort into this,' she thought. A fluttery feeling emerged in her chest as she shovelled into the lobster. The taste was almost orgiastic as it exploded through her senses, she couldn't help but moan at the rich taste and the texture.

Nick chuckled and said, "You really love that don't you? Why don't you have it more often?" 

"I'd be broke and fat if I did, it is so expensive," said Marie as she took another mouth watering bite.

Nick watched her enjoy her meal, a warm fuzzy feeling drifted through his body. Sensations he'd never felt before came over him. He turned to his meal and took a bite, he'd never had anything quite as exotic before, the explosive power of the flavour nearly knocked him out.

"Wow damn, this is amazing," he said.

She grinned, "Glad you like it Nick, I think the sauce is giving it an extra kick, it's beautiful," she said as she continued savouring the lobster.

Nick groaned contently as he ate the lobster. "Is it always so juicy?" he asked.

"Yes, they cook the lobster in the shell then peel it off, it keeps all the fluids in," she said as she finished eating the rich meat and then cut into the fish.

"No idea seafood could taste so good," he murmured to Marie as he continued eating. Quickly finishing off the lobster he attacked the fish. 

Soon they had quickly finished off the food and were sitting back in their chairs. "That was amazing Nick, thanks for putting all the effort into this," said Marie as she relaxed back into the padded chair.

"It certainly was, delicious food. Now I know where to take you out when we go out to dinner," said Nick. He did want whatever they had going on now to continue, it just felt right.

Marie sat back and considered his words, did that mean he wanted to continue this further? She hoped so, she was beginning to like spending time with Nick. It felt as though was just a normal event for her, somehow it just felt right. She grinned and said, "You'll need a very deep pocket Nick, lobster is one of the most expensive dishes a restaurant serves up."

"Don't you worry about my money, I know how to take care of my woman. Especially as one as special as you," he said.

She grinned and said, "You charmer." 

She felt a blush creep up her cheeks "So what do we do now?"

"Why don't we go for a walk along the beach?" he asked.

"What about the boat cruise?" asked Marie.

"Its just going back to the mainland, I have something else planned. I think you'll enjoy it," said Nick as he grasped her hand as the stood up from their seats.

"Let's go shall we," he said as they stepped away from the table.

"This place is just so beautiful," said Marie as they walked together down the bright gold tinted sand as the waves lapped up against the shore.

"It certainly is, but I think you'll find what I have planned even more beautiful than this," said Nick.

She couldn't believe anything could be as breathtaking as this whole experience as they continued walking down the stretch of beach. A strange feeling was settling over her, she couldn't put her finger on what it was exactly. It felt calm and peaceful, she should enjoy it while it lasted, regardless of Michael's assurances she was sure something would have gotten out there.

"Hey, are you ok? You tensed up suddenly," said Nick cautiously.

"Yeah I'm fine I shouldn't be thinking about it, it's not here," she said with a smile hoping to placate him.

"Ok, if you're sure," he said. He knew something had just happened, he did intend to find out what it was.

After walking around the curve of the island they came across a few scattered buildings with a long pier sticking out from the central building.

"Have you ever been on a jet ski before Marie?" asked Nick eagerly.

She grinned at Nick's enthusiasm and said, "No, it looks like you'll have to teach me,"

"Well ok, but it's probably going to cost you," he said.

Marie sighed exasperatedly and said, "What's the cost?"

"A kiss maybe," he said grinning and leaning up against her.

"I think I can afford that," she said with a purr and leaned into him and kissed him passionately.

He groaned and kissed her back before pulling back and grinned before saying, "Well then I guess I'll be your teacher then."

They walked up to the hire stand as Nick pulled out his wallet, he paid for the keys and turned back to Marie, "Now we get ready, they provide life jackets which are required to ride this in case you fall off,"

Marie wasn't particularly sure about the falling off part, but she wanted to make Nick happy, he obviously spent quite a bit of time organizing all of this. She followed his lead to one of the squat attached buildings. He threw a life jacket to her and said, "When you're in there make sure to grab the bag hanging over the door. Need a place to put our clothes."

"Ok," she called as she shut the door behind her and looked around, it was the regular sort of cabin thing you'd have in place like this. She looked around the room and saw the handled woven bag hanging from a hook behind the door. 

She reached up and slid it off and then tugged her shirt over her head and pushed it into the bag. Then pulled on the life jacket and zipped it up, she pushed the door open and almost gaped like she did this morning as Nick walked out his bare chest on display as he hadn't closed the jacket yet.

He grinned sexily at her and said, "Let's go, there's a place I want to show you."

'Hmm he can unsettle me just by looking like that, let's see what I can do to level the score a bit,' thought Marie. She reached down and unbuttoned her pants and slid them down, she shoved them in her bag and followed Nick down to the beach watching his legs pump as he walked towards the parked jet skis.

He turned to watch Marie coming down the beach and stumbled almost falling over in the water, she had taken off her shorts and was now flashing him her white lace panties.

"Have you ridden a motorcycle before Marie?" he asked.

"Of course not, I'm not that type of girl," she said.

He smiled and said, "Well it is actually pretty easy, they don't have peddles or anything like that and easier to operate."

"Put your feet against the ledges here," he said pointing to the flat strips gouged out of the side of the jet ski, "And lean over and grasp the handle bars."

"Ok shouldn't be too hard," said Marie as she slid onto the jet ski, making sure her panties rode up her legs slightly. She grinned when she heard a slight gasp from him. This was going to be fun.

Nick stepped into the warm water and approached his jet ski and got on. "The cord attached from the centre console is the safety cord. Attach the hooked end to the ring on the front of your life jacket," he continued as he attached the hooked rope to his life jacket.

"Place your hands on the handlebars," when she had done that Nick continued, "The left handle is speed and the right one is break, test it out by turning the left one."

Marie looked down at the handles, they looked pretty rigid. She twisted the speed handle as a jolt speared through her, the ski shooting out against the water. She cried out in shock as she came off and landed in the water in a big splash. She looked up at Nick with a glare as he chuckled at her predicament. 

"Not funny at all, Nick," she glared.

"Didn't know you could be such a speed demon, slowly twist the handles Marie," he said chuckling.

She growled at him and climbed back on top of the ski. "Slowly twist the handles like this," he said. He twisted the handle and allowed it to move slowly before letting it accelerate then he twisted the cross bar and guided it around in a curve and idled up against Marie. 

"To turn push down on one of the handles, then it will turn," he said.

"Shouldn't be too hard, at least I won't go falling off," she said and got it moving. After she had driven it some distance she turned it back around and when she was up against Nick again she asked, "Better?"

"Much better, now let's get going follow me I know where we need to go," he said.

They set off up alongside the cliffs that shielded the cove they were heading to from view. Nick slowed as they reached the point of the cliffs and turned to say to Marie, "We're about to enter the cove, it's a beautiful place here."

"Have you been here before?" asked Marie.

He grinned and said, "Yeah you caught me I have been, last year,"

"Well then you can show me the best places then," she said grinning.

"That's exactly what I'm doing here," he said and gunned the ski and took off around the corner.

"Now look who's the speed demon," she muttered as she eased the ski around the corner.

When the cove came into view she was breathless, the beauty was stunning crystal blue waters, gold shimmering sand and bright coral only slightly masked by the flat crystal water. "We'll go up to the beach and park the skis then we'll go out and do some exploring," said Nick with a grin after he had come up against her.

"Sounds good, this place is so beautiful," she said.

"It certainly is," he grinned as he gunned it again and took off towards the beach.

"Show off," she muttered then smirked as she took off again towards the beach.

After parking the skis on the beach Nick went up behind the treeline and pulled out the bag hidden behind the trees. He pulled out two big water bottles and the set of snorkels and walked towards Marie and handed her the bottle, "Drink up, it's an energy drink, should keep you energized for this," he said and then took a long pull from it.

"Again when did you have the time for all of this?" she asked.

He grinned and said, "Ok I had help I hired a few people to drop a few things,"

"You're so thoughtful, and sweet Nick," she said grinning.

Nick made a face and said, "I'm sweet? "

"Sweet? Yes, sweet as chocolate, I'm hopelessly addicted to it," she winked.

He grinned sexily and said, "Put this on and we'll go into the water," as he handed her the snorkel and walked towards the beach and unzipped his life jacket and pulled it off laying it over the jet ski.

Again Marie had to catch her breath as she caught sight of his broad back, the muscles rippling. She had to resist the urge to gape as he turned to her his firm chest muscles highlighted by the bright sunlight splashing over his skin. She took another long draw from the bottle and then set it down next to his as she put on the snorkel gear.

"So what do I do with this thing?" Marie asked Nick as they swam through the water closing in on the coral.

"Put the mouthpiece in and bite it, wrap your lips around the tube and breathe that way, it's a bit hard to get used to at first but you'll get used to it. Make sure the pipe is above the water line or you'll end up breathing in water. Which is not a nice experience trust me on that," he said with a slight grimace.

'Hmm maybe I can have a little fun with this, teasing Nick always seems to produce excellent results,' she thought as she hid an evil smile. She pushed the mouth piece between her lips gently and slid her tongue out as she drew it in to her mouth with gentle suction.

His eyes were riveted to the scene before him, he was growing hard as he watched her sensual display that he knew must be deliberate. "We'll spend about two hours out here, before we head back," he said trying to not let her see how her teasing was affecting him. Normally such gestures wouldn't even produce a spark for him.

But this was Marie the woman he had been lusting after for months, she was like a drug he couldn't get enough of. He hoped the planned activity would allow him to clear his mind, he had one more thing he had to indulge in before they could get into each other again. 

"Are you ok with the fit?" he asked Marie, she nodded having her mouth full of the tube. He grinned and fitted the tube to his mouth and pressed the goggles to his eyes to make sure they were pressed on properly and dived under the water and let the sight fill his vision. Bright plumes of coral stretching towards the surface, with a myriad of brightly coloured fish flitting around the stalks and through the fans of bright coral.

Marie marvelled at the sight before her, it was breath-taking. It took a little time to get used to the awkwardness of drawing breath through the tube, she had to keep her lips tightly clasped over the tube or water would spill in. The reef fish were amazing as well seeing the clown fish weaving through the stinging strands of a plant she couldn't recall the name of.
