 Bathroom

Neal Carmody stood naked in Sarah Malone's bathroom, holding his clothes in his arms. Not two hours before he had been looking into community college classes and now he had just finished having amazing sex with one of the best looking cheerleaders from high school.

In high school Neal had been one of the "smart kids". Another of the "smart kids." Sally, had been having sex with most of the group since freshman year. That morning Sally had called and told him that Sarah, one of the cheerleaders, needed cheering up and asked him to help out. He thought it was a "punk" but went along, just in case, and quickly discovered that it wasn't a joke.

While he was relaxing in the afterglow of the best sex he had ever had the doorbell rang and it was another guy Sally had sent over to cheer up Sarah. He had been quickly shuffled into the bathroom. Neal dropped his clothes on the floor and pulled off the semen filled condom as he listened to "the next guy" ascending the stairs.

He hesitated about what to do with the condom and then poured the content into the toilet. He filled it from the faucet and emptied it before discarding it in the wastebasket. He wiped his penis dry with some toilet paper, unwilling to use Sarah's washcloth to clean it off. He reasoned he could clean it better at home. Then he dressed and combed his hair.

He glanced into Sarah's room on the way out. A guy with red hair and freckled shoulders had his pale butt pumping up and down between Sarah's legs. He recognized him as Jared Samuels who had been in the math club. Sarah caught him peeking in, smiled and wiggled her fingers at him.

As he came down the stairs he saw Sarah's mom lying on the couch wearing an apron. She smiled at him, "Sounded like you had a good time up there," She said.

That morning Sally had claimed, "You might get lucky if her mom is in.". And when he had arrived, Sarah's mom had flashed her breast at him. Neal remembered that, blushed and replied, "Yes ma'am." She didn't move to get up so Neal let himself out. "Good by Mrs. Malone," he stated politely as he closed the door behind him.

Living Room

But as Neal went to his car he saw he was blocked in by the latest arrival's car. Seeing no alternative, he went back to the house and rang the bell.

Sarah's mother couldn't help but hear the vigorous and joyful lovemaking between her daughter and Neal. She had masturbated to several orgasms during the activity and as a result had a huge wet spot on her exercise leotards. She had covered the dampness with a hastily grabbed apron. But when she looked through the peephole and saw Neal she pulled off the apron and threw it on the couch.

As she opened the door she smiled broadly and exclaimed, "Neal! You came back for me! Come in!" She encouraged his entry with a gentle push at his butt and let a strap drop to expose a breast.

Neal, no longer surprised at what might go on in the Malone household, and oblivious to the come-on, simply stated the facts. "My car is blocked in. I need to have the guy upstairs move his car."

"You know he and Sarah are busy," Marlene flirted. "Are you in a hurry? Need to get somewhere?"

"I could just go up and interrupt them" he said, recognizing a familiar squeal of pleasure from upstairs.

"It would be better if you didn't" Mrs. Malone told him in a soft pleasant voice. "We can wait."

Neal said nothing. He was thinking about the drudgery involved if he were to wait there while the moans he was hearing filtered down from the upstairs bedroom.

"We can have some fun," Mrs. Malone told him taking his hand and placing it on her bare breast.

He suddenly realized what she was talking about and reflexively jerked his hand back. She responded by placing her hand firmly and deliberately at his crotch. He looked at her body and saw the large wet patch at her crotch. He could easily make out the flesh pillows between her legs and the darker slit between them.

It was obvious to Marlene what he was staring at. That was her objective. "You like it?" She spread her legs. "Stick around. I'll provide a better view."

Neal hadn't previously noticed that Marlene was a beauty in her own right. In fact, she shared the figure and clam shell cunt of her daughter. Her exposed breast was a little larger than her Daughter's but didn't sag appreciably. Her face showed very slight signs of her age. His cock responded.

"I know you've just given it to my daughter but a young guy like you can certainly handle two women in a day." Marlene whispered to him, flicking his ear with her tongue and rubbing his penis through his jeans. His cock came to full salute when she grabbed it through the cloth. She exclaimed, "SEE! Come on, Let's do it." She took his hand while encouraging her other breast free of it's loose covering and gently pulled him to her.

Neal was totally unprepared for the kiss. Her tongue was inside his mouth, gently exploring his tongue. She pulled him tight, her ample breasts pushing against his chest and she pulled his butt to her so his cock was caught tightly between their bodies. As she kissed she rubbed her abdomen against it.

Releasing him and smiling broadly, she grabbed one of his hands and jammed it against her soft, wet crotch. He dropped all resistance and allowed her to lead him to the stairs by one hand. He remembered again what Sally had told him, "You might get lucky. She might join you."

Master Bedroom

She took him up to the master bedroom and its king sized bed.

Marlene turned to him, "Time to lose this." She peeled down her leotard and stepped lightly out of it.

Neal looked in wonder at the large breasts, flat stomach, and closely shaved, clam pussy. He reached out to touch one of the ever so slight dark lines near her navel.

"Sarah did that." she told him and answered his questioning look, "Stretch marks from pregnancy. Kind of ugly right?"

"Barely noticeable," Neal responded, regretting that he had reached out to feel them. "You look great!" Then added, "As good as Sarah."

"I do try to keep in shape. Have to for the club."

"Club?"

"Oh, of course you don't know. I dance at Pete's north of the city with Sarah."

"With Sarah? Pete's?"

"Sarah didn't tell you she dances too? Well. 'strips' may be more accurate. At Pete's Play Palace, north of the city."

"Stripping?"

"Yes, dear, getting naked for money. Come by some time." she opened a nightstand drawer and searched around. Neal stared at her fleshy labia as she bent over with her butt to him, intentionally flashing her pussy at him. She found a Pete's Palace card and turned around to hand it to him. "Admiring the view?"

He searched his mind for the right answer as he put the card in a pocket.

"Of course you were dear. Let's see what you've got." She reached to unbuckle his belt.

Not knowing what else to do Neal simply stood motionless as she pulled down his briefs and pants in one motion.

"Ohh! NICE!"Marlene exclaimed as she exposed the hard, 7 inch long cock and pendulous balls. The whole thing reminded her of her husband's great set. "Very Nice!" she said as she held and fondled his testicles. "This will certainly do. Let's get the rest of these clothes off."

Neal sat on the bed and pulled off his shirt and undershirt while Marlene knelt on the floor and made quick work of his shoes and socks. She then pulled his pants completely off. All the clothing was flung to the edge of the room.

"Let me check out this fucking tool," she laughed at the intended pun. She knelt in front of him and enveloped all seven inches of uncircumcised cock with her mouth. She tasted a musky, slightly sour flavor. "Oh, Neal! you left your cum on this cock. And you left my daughter's juicy cunt flavor on there too. This is one delicious Popsicle!"

She expertly used her tongue to push his foreskin down and licked around the base of the tip. Neal gasped. Then she pushed her face into his crotch, deep-throating the entire staff. Her tongue licked around it as she slowly withdrew, sucking the foreskin well past the tip as it came free.

She repeated he entire process, from licking around the tip to pulling free over and over. Meanwhile, her hands played with his scrotum and pendulous balls. gently squeezing them, sometimes just stroking the balls. Swinging them back and forth between his legs she swatted at them like a playful kitten. Or she would tightly grasp the flesh between balls and crotch and pull to make a smooth covering over the balls which she stroked with her other hand. Neal writhed in pleasure.

Marlene popped the hard cock out of her mouth a final time and managed to suck one of the egg sized balls completely into her mouth. Her tongue now explored the surface of his scrotum and her hands were free to play with his hardened staff, rolling the foreskin down and letting it slip back, stroking the cock up and down, sometimes with the tips of her fingers, other times wrapping her hand completely around it. She released the one ball and sucked on the other, her hands not missing a beat.

Pulling her mouth free, she released her grasp on his cock and pushed him back onto the bed. With what seemed to be no effort she lifted his legs and pulled his entire body on. "Lay down here, you marvelous fuck machine." Neal hadn't been with many women, most of his sex was with Sally and he had managed to get in the pants of a couple of other girls. He wasn't used to Marlene's blatant, outspoken, sexual manner. It turned him on.

69

"You know what to do with this?" Marlene swung her leg over his body so that her damp cunt was right in his face.

"Yes Ma'am!" Neal answered anxiously. Her swollen with excitement minor labia peeked out from the soft clam shell pillows and Neal began stroking them lightly.

Marlene liked the light strokes but she was looking for much more stimulation. "Put some muscle and effort into that, boy! I'm not some baby or tender virgin," she told him, pushing against the finger.

He was reminded of Sally telling him everything to do when she first started fucking him (it was definitely her fucking him, not the other way around). He knew exactly what Marlene wanted and thrust two fingers into her fuck hole, then three. And when they went in without difficulty, all four. He drove to the cervix and then felt for her G-spot as he withdrew. Finding it he began massaging it with the fingers making occasional excursions to her cervix. He pushed his thumb tightly against her clit and began rubbing.

"Oh Fuck, Yes!" she exclaimed. "You know the buttons, don't you, stud?"

She began playing with his ample testicles. Pulling the scrotum up, his balls slipped down to his crotch and she stretched the fleshy bag. She felt like a kid again and remembered the first time she had actually been able to play around with a guy's parts. She had a crush on her brother's friend, Tyler. She had somehow managed to get him alone in the basement guest room when her folks weren't home and got him to drop his pants. That first time he had only fingered her, but a month later she had his cock inside her.

Her reverie was interrupted as the pleasure from Neal's activities spread from her crotch into her abdomen.

Neal had been moving his fingers in and out more and more rapidly, his thumb wiggling side to side on her pleasure button.

She was taking rapid, shallow breaths. "Oh! Oh! Oh" she repeated.

Sensing the change, Neal slowed down then sped up then slowed, then more rapidly than ever, then slow again. Her sensations rose to climax and she swung her hips to, fro, around, ... every which way she moved them, as the pleasure became unbearable. He hung on to her pubes tightly continuing to vary his rhythm.

Pleasure ripples in her vagina signaled her imminent orgasm. He grabbed even more tightly and his thumb became a blur against the hard nub. Her rapid series of "oh's" became a prolonged "Ooooooo" and her body exploded in rapid spasms, her vagina massaged his fingers. Neal didn't let up until the vibrations subsided.

He pulled his damp fingers out and sucked at her vulva, tasting the salt and sour, fishy flavor. Like her daughters but a bit more on the "fishy" side.

"Oh God," Marlene exclaimed. "You DO know what you're doing."

Full Fuck

Her orgasm had left her exhausted but she never let a hard cock go to waste. She'd had plenty of orgasms, some just as intense as this, and knew that if she kept on fucking, more would come. "Your turn, mother fucker." She laughed at her word play, turned around and before Neal realized what she was doing she sat on his cock. It slipped inside her wet and ready tunnel.

"Now that's what I want!" she exclaimed as she felt the hard organ push inside her. "I've been wanting this all morning."

She moved all over his cock. Not just up and down but twisting, and sideways, and back and forth. She made sure every part of her vagina was stimulated.

Neal watching her ample breasts swinging up and down, held his hands up so her breasts slapped against his palms. Without missing a stroke, she grabbed his wrists and pulled his palms firmly against her "girls". He obliged and grabbed giving a deep massage as he felt his manhood being stroked by the warm moist cunt.

"Keep it up, baby," Marlene told him.

Thinking he should respond he choked out a weak, "Likewise."

Marlene loved being on top and being in control, but what she really loved was when a guy who knew what he was doing and how to drive his prick was in control. She wanted to see if Neal was as good with his cock as his fingers. So after few minutes she pulled a pillow next to his hips, shifted her weight and, in a maneuver perfected through years of practice flipped the two of them over. Before he could blink an eye, before he knew what was happening, Neal found himself above her, his cock still embedded firmly inside, her hips raised by a pillow under them and her legs in the air with her heels on his butt.

As he pounded inside her she couldn't help but think back to that first actual intercourse with her brother's friend. What was it about Neal that brought back those memories? Maybe that it had been so long since she'd fucked a guy this young. She'd developed early and had always gone after older guys. After she had an ID proclaiming she was 4 years older she never had a guy who couldn't take her into a bar. They were often 10, 15, even 20 years older. And it had all started with that fumbling encounter with Tyler. He had had difficulty even getting his cock to her fuck hole until she grabbed it and guided it in, and it had kept slipping out and he'd jam it into her ass or miss her body completely. She smiled remembering it. Neal was completely different, but yet it had been a long time since she'd been with an 18 year old guy.

Up and Down Stairs

Meanwhile, Sarah and Jared had finished. She had cum twice but felt strangely unsatisfied. "That had been a complete letdown after the session with Neal," she was thinking as she led Jared into the bathroom where she removed his condom and sucked his cock clean before wiping it with a damp washcloth. She debated walking Jared to the door but decided he could let himself out. He kissed her firmly and grabbed her bare butt before heading downstairs. "So mechanical" she thought as she went into her room and fell back on her bed.

She was tired and thirsty and hungry. "Mom!" she yelled. There was no answer.

"Mom!" again. Still no answer.

She got up and walked to the head of the stairs, "Mom!" she yelled down.

Getting no answer, she headed down, continuing to yell. "Mom!"

She stopped yelling as a quick search of the downstairs showed no one was there. A glance into the garage confirmed that she hadn't taken her car.

"MOM!" This time louder and directed up the stairs.

"MOM!" at the top of the stairs. There was a response, "In here, dear."

Neal and Marlene had been too preoccupied to notice Sarah's yells until she yelled loudly from the bottom of the stairs. Neal stopped but Marlene dug her heels hard into his butt and forced his cock to drive in. "Don't stop," she said gently.

Marlene's memories of her first fuck interrupted, she responded to the second shout and within seconds Sarah came into the room. "MOM!" she said, "Ewww! What are you doing?"

Neal stopped and began to pull out. "Keep on penetrating me with that pole." Marlene demanded. She had her hands on his butt. Her hands and heels pulled him back into her.

Sarah spread her hands outward, palms upward in a gesture of disapproval, "MOM!" she said loudly to emphasize.

"What's the matter dear? Keep on fucking." The latter directed to Neal who had paused in his thrusts.

Sarah, spread her arms toward the couple on the bed and keeping her palms upward gestured back and forth to indicate she was concerned about the entirety of what they were doing. "MOM!" the exasperation at her mother's intransigence and audacity was palpable. For emphasis she added, "NEAL!" in a tone of severe reproach.

Neal paused, and started to talk. Marlene put a finger to his lips, and dug her heels in again, "Keep that stiff staff moving sweetie." Neal obliged.

"You had your fun dear, can't I have some of my own?" Marlene was teasing her daughter.

"God, Mom you can't be left in the presence of a penis for even a minute," Sarah said, stomping out of the room and slamming the bedroom door behind her.

"She really likes you, you know," Marlene told Neal with a bit of a laugh.

Neal was confused as well as embarrassed, "Seemed angry to me."

He had slowed his hip action. "Hey, keep driving that pussy piston." Marlene told him. "That's how I know she likes you."

She interpreted his quizzical look and went on, "You know what she'd normally do if she found some guy fucking me?"

Neal's expression clearly showed that he had no idea, "She'd likely help out. Maybe start pushing the guys hips into me. At the least she'd watch, maybe start stroking the guys balls." After a thoughtful pause she added, "Yeah, with balls like yours she'd definitely do that. That's what she'd do if it were her step-dad."

"Her step-dad?" Neal broke his silence.

"Sure. Oh! of course you don't know, his package is a lot like yours. Long thin cock and large balls hanging well down. Like yours they feel great when ... " She paused, realizing a change in position was in order.

"But," Neal stammered, attempting to keep up his action. The conversation was occupying his attention. "But, I mean, I mean, ... Her step-dad? I mean ..."

Marlene caught his drift. "Oh! Yes, Neal, she's watched us fucking, several times. She's fucked him herself. I say she fucked him 'cuz she did the seducing. Not that he wasn't a willing participant."

Change of Position

With that revelation, Neal had stopped pumping. This time Marlene didn't insist he keep going but, rather, pulled away, and with the single word, "doggy," turned onto all fours and presented her ass to him.

He didn't hesitate and, while silently visualizing Sarah being fucked by her step father, knelt behind her mother and jammed his cock up her wet slit. She gasped. He liked doggy style because he was able to control the angle of entry for his cock by swing his legs side to side or by moving higher and lower. And, he certainly didn't mind the feeling of his balls swinging freely against her crotch.

As he began pumping away she also enjoyed his testicles slapping gently at her clit, "That's what I'm talking about!" she told him as he kept pumping in and out. She began helping by sliding back and forth, but not so much as to prevent his balls from swinging freely. The feeling was a slight tickle enhanced by the knowledge that it was those pendulous ball sacks.
