 It was a silly thing to do, I admit it. But it had seemed reasonable at the time. It was partly the fault of the weather, of course. It was hot and muggy and the air conditioner wasn't working properly, so I was sleeping in the altogether to try to stay cool.

In the morning I didn't bother to get dressed straight away. It wasn't as if anyone could see me walking around the apartment nude. I'd set the table for some breakfast, but before I sat down for it I wanted the newspaper. 

The paper is always dropped off early. All I had to do was open the door, grab it and close the door and I really couldn't be bothered getting dressed just for that. So I took the chance.

I opened the door slightly and looked out. There was no-one around and all I had to do was take a step, grab the paper, and step back. Easy.

So I took that single step, bent down and grabbed the newspaper and there was a cat attack.

Ever seen how a cat will suddenly seem to go berserk and charge all around the place at full bore? I mean, they go from lying motionless to a streak of lightning in nothing flat. This cat, which can ease through the house silent as a ghost, is suddenly stampeding and sounding like a small elephant running amuck.

Even as I was bending down to grab the paper I heard the crashing sound of little cat paws running wild and then there was a crash as he used the door as a springboard to give him a start in a different direction.

The door gave me a start in a different direction, too. The impetus imparted on the cat caused the door to slam, incidentally banging onto my bottom as it did so. The sudden push on my bum while I was bending over sent me flat onto my face with a startled yelp. 

I scrambled to my feet (with newspaper in hand) and dived back through the door. Or I would have dived back through the door if it had opened. The damn thing had automatically locked itself when it closed and I was on the outside and my key was on the inside.

Naturally, that was when the man in the unit across from mine opened his door to see what was going on. What was going on was me standing there naked and pushing at my door and swearing. 

"Have a problem, do we?" the swine asked, and I could hear the laughter in his voice. 

"Um, I'm locked out," I said. 

I was still facing the door. No way was I going to turn around and face him. You're probably wondering why I just didn't unfold the damned paper and hide behind that. Huh! The way they roll those up and plastic seal them you need a pair of scissors to open them. I could just see myself dancing around nude while trying to tear open the plastic with my teeth. 

"Do you think you can ring the caretaker to come up and open my door, please?" I asked.

"Sure," he says. "No problem. Don't you think you'd better step into my flat while you wait? I'm sure you don't want to wait there like that, with people likely to come past at any time. And you won't really want to meet the caretaker dressed like that. I'll even let you have a dressing gown as soon as you've had a shower."

While he was yacking away he had taken my arm, quite politely, just a touch of his fingers at my elbow, and turned me towards his open door. Quite frankly, I was delighted to get out of the hall and away from potential witnesses.

I was a little confused, though. 

"Thank you," I said, "but I don't really need a shower right now."

"Oh, I didn't mean right now," came the reply. "I just thought you might need one after."

"After what?" I asked, instead of just ignoring his silly hints.

"After I've bedded you," he told me, calm as you please. "You'll be hot and sticky and a cool shower will do wonders."

Was he kidding or what?

"Um, you not going to bed me, as you put it," I pointed out.

"Yes, I am," he promptly replied. "You're naked and gorgeous. How could I not bed you?"

"You can't just take a girl to bed a girl because you catch her naked," I said with some asperity. 

"I know that," he says. "Just the ones with nice figures. Ones like you, in other words."

I suddenly became acutely aware that he must have found it a hot night, too. All he was wearing appeared to be a set of light pyjamas, and those pyjama pants weren't doing a great deal to disguise his interest in me. What's more, men's pyjama pants don't appear to have a button up fly.

That's when he took a step close to me, slid his hands around me to catch hold of my bottom and pull me up against him. And in case you're wondering, yes, I knew damn well what had promptly popped out of his non-existent fly and was now pressing very firmly against my tummy. 

"This is ridiculous," I told him. "You don't even know who I am and I, for sure, don't know you."

"Hi, I'm Paul," he said. "And you're that red-hot blonde that lives in the unit opposite mine. I'd have had to have been blind not to notice you around the place, even if we haven't been introduced.

Tell me, is that your natural hair colour or is it dyed? I did look to check, but it turns out you shave. Not that there's anything wrong with that. It shows off these curves."

The swine had the gall to run his hand down and stroke my mons. I opened my mouth to protest but his hand went back around to my bottom and the next thing I knew he'd lifted me slightly into the air.  

The reason for that I found damned quickly. He just positioned me above his cock and started lowering me onto it.

"Wait," I squealed. "What are you doing? You can't just grab me and take me like this."

It was blatantly obvious that I was wrong. I could already feel his cock making inroads into me, pressing determinedly along my passage, not hurrying as such, but just pushing its way along forcefully, stretching me and making me accommodate him.

Paul gave one last little jerk upwards and them I'm staring at him, mouth open in just plain shock, neatly skewered by his cock. Before I could say anything he reached over and grabbed a chair, turned it around and sat on it, leaving me straddling him.

Now that he didn't have to bear my weight, his hands were free. They didn't stay free for long though. They glommed onto my breasts as though he'd never touched any before. 

So here's the situation. I'd been expecting sympathy and a dressing gown to hide my nudity. What I got was a cock up me as far as it could go and hands playing with my breasts.

"Are you insane?" I asked me. "Let me go at once."

"Don't be silly," Paul says. "You feel wonderful. Just stay like that until you're ready to start bouncing. You feel good just the way you are, I assure you."

I know that men think they're complimenting you when they say they want to take you to bed, but I think Paul was taking the complements a little too far. I braced my feet under me and started to lift myself up.

Fat chance that had of succeeding. I was sliding nicely up and off when Paul gave this little jerk and he was back up inside me again. I wasn't sure how he'd done that little trick so as I started up again I watched him closely. 

He didn't do anything this time. I was nearly off and smirking at him when my foot slipped and I sat back down, driving Paul home with a sudden rush. I couldn't help it. I squealed as he slammed back into me.

I swear, I could feel that cock of his throughout my entire body. I mean, it was just there, inside me, filling me, demanding that I pay attention to it. How can you ignore something that's inside you and throbbing? I could feel his heartbeat through that thing.

I tried to sit still and ignore it. You can guess how well that worked. Why is it that when you try to ignore something it draws itself to your attention more and more every second?

Paul seemed quite content to just let me wriggle and squirm in his lap while he happily played with my breasts. That's another thing. I have two of them. I've had them for years. Why should I be so acutely aware of them just because a man was touching them? It just didn't seem fair.

I was on a loser trying to resist, and I knew it. So I did what any intelligent young woman in that situation would do. I bounced.

Ok, so I didn't exactly bounce, but I did start working that cock. I rocked back and forth, getting a subtle movement going as it was forced deeper in and then dragged back out. Not huge movements, but enough for me to get that rasping inside that was starting to stir up the heat in me. 

Well, to tell the truth, the heat was already there. It had started to burn when I first found myself naked in front of a man and all his comments and actions sure hadn't done anything to turn down the gas.

Now that I had decided to go with the flow the gas was on high and the burning sensation was spreading rapidly. 

Of course, the rocking movements weren't enough. They were fine to get things under way, but I was finding I wanted more. Now I really did start bouncing, lifting myself up that rigid shaft and then relaxing so that my weight drove me back down again. It was fun, and something different, but once again, not enough.

I got down to some serious bouncing, sliding up Paul's pole and then driving myself back down onto it, moving hard and fast. If I hadn't already had Paul's full attention the first time I did that would have had him focusing. As it was, he was eager for more of the same. 

Now, when I was pushing down, Paul was heaving upwards, hard, apparently trying to split me in two. That was OK by me. I figured I could handle anything he could dish out, and I happily bounced, determined that his cock would wear out before I would.

I was bouncing along, breathing hard, and every so often I'd let out a little squeak. I couldn't help it. That cock was doing wicked things inside me, and the situation wasn't helped by Paul molesting my breasts at the same time. I knew where I was headed and was quite happy to be reaching there.

Paul was breathing hard, as well, gasping as he thrust himself up into me every time I drove down onto him. It was obvious to me that he wasn't going to be able to hold off much longer so I redoubled my efforts, twisting around on his cock as I moved up and down, determined to get the most bang for my buck, as they say.

Then all at once Paul gave a groan and it feels like I'm sitting on a fountain. And a hot fountain at that. I could feel Paul splashing around inside me and it was just the fillip I need to get me past the line.

I let out a small cry of my own and then just let everything wash over me, everything around me washed away by the tide of feeling just sweeping through me, leaving me exhausted but content.

I don't know how long I just sat there, but eventually I was aware of Paul trying to get my attention. I opened my eyes and looked at him.

"If you want to use the shower," he said, "go ahead. I'll call the caretaker to come up and open your door."

That seemed reasonable to me. 

"Don't forget the dressing gown," I prompted him, and headed for the shower.