 The women had been waiting a few minutes in an outer lobby area when he appeared from behind a heavy red velvet curtain. His face was ruggedly handsome with just a hint of stubble, and his shirtless chest was smooth and tan. One muscled arm held towels, which he handed to Gina and Vivian. In the other hand he held a silver tray with two glasses of wine and a platter of dark chocolate-covered strawberries. 

"Would you care for a glass of wine?" he asked. 

Both women sat silent for a moment, taken aback by the sudden appearance of this stunningly gorgeous man. Vivian's jaw dropped open. Why would such a strapping young man be working in a salon?

"Uh, yes, of course!" Gina finally answered, reaching for the towel and a glass of wine from the tray. Vivian smiled and took the other glass. 

"My name is Maximus," he said. "It's my job to make sure you have a relaxing and satisfying experience at Salon X."

Gina and Vivian looked quickly at each other then back at Maximus. Vivian smiled at him, brushing her long hair away from her eyes.

"I understand that you two ladies made reservations for the Salon X Valentine Special...what we call 'the Cupid Package'... for a spa pedicure and full body massage, is that correct?"

Vivian and Gina answered, "Yes" in tandem, both still captivated by the bulging Maximus. 

"You are going to have a great time today," he assured them. "As I am sure you gathered from the advertising and from the appointment clerk, the Cupid Package can be quite personal and even sensual in nature. I just want to remind you that the experience is completely yours. If something makes you uncomfortable or goes too far, feel free to ask your massage therapist to switch to a less intense service at any time." 

Gina and Vivian glanced at each other. The two long-time friends had become roommates in the past year and although they had noticed Salon X near the house they shared, neither of them had taken time to try it. When Gina saw the ad just after Christmas for the "Cupid Package" at Salon X, she convinced Vivian they should treat themselves to it, especially since they had both been unattached for the past few months. With their work schedules neither had prospects of a romantic Valentine's Day. 

Although the idea of "sensual" was a little vague, both Gina and Vivian were confident they could enjoy a deep massage but speak up if anything was uncomfortable. They nodded to Maximus to express their understanding. 

"Great. You will have adjacent private spa rooms for your pedicure and massages, in the capable hands of Anthony and Richard. The wine and chocolate are complimentary. Please let me know if you need more of anything."

Maximus walked to a table near the door where he placed the tray. He picked up two clipboards and handed them to Gina and Vivian.

"We'd like to get to know you a little better so we can ensure you get exactly the services you desire," he said with a smile. 

Then in a professional, rehearsed tone Maximus said, "Just take a moment to complete these forms. Please read the disclaimers on your forms as well. While I am sure this will not be an issue, I do advise all guests that you are not permitted to touch the staff of Salon X. Now, if you will give me just a second, I'll make sure your rooms are ready."

Gina sighed as she watched Maximus push back the heavy curtain and then disappear behind it. 

"Good Lord, did you see that specimen of a man?" she asked Vivian.

"Uh...how could I not see that?" Vivian replied with a laugh. "Just what you have gotten me into this time? And look at you, practically drooling at him! It's no wonder he thought you need a warning to keep your hands of the merchandise!" 

Gina and Vivian giggled like schoolgirls and sipped their wine. They settled into their chairs to complete the forms. The questions seemed basic enough.

Gina read some the questions aloud, "Name...age range....40 to 50....ugh.... any health concerns.... none....type of massage preferred....what? What do you think they mean here, Viv? Type of massage?"

"I don't know," Vivian responded. "I guess if you want light or deep tissue massage?"

"And how sensual do you think this will be? I mean, I know a massage is very personal, with a stranger's hands all over your body...but I assume they are just talking about that plus the wine and maybe some candles or flower petals right?" Vivian asked Gina.

Just at that moment Maximus slipped back through the red curtain, reaching his hand out to retrieve the clipboards.

Gina hesitated. 

"Wait...I didn't have time to finish my form," she said.

He smiled at her and said, "That's fine, we'll work with this and you can explain to Anthony and Richard anything that is missing."

With that, Maximus took the clipboards from the ladies' hands and asked them to follow him down a corridor. The women followed, with their wine glasses and towels in hand. Maximus waved Gina toward the door of a small, dark room. She noted the faint hint of lavender wafting through the open door. As she entered the room she looked back down the hall to see Vivian walking into the next doorway. They waved tentatively at each other.

"Have a good time, Gina," Vivian said as Gina walked through the door and Maximus closed it behind her as he left, leaving the clipboard inside.

Gina's eyes quickly adjusted to the dimly lit room, and she saw a spa pedicure chair in one corner. The water in the pedicure bowl was swirling, and blue lights emanated from beneath the water in the bowl. She could see flower petals floating atop the water.

In the opposite corner of the room was a massage table, with fresh sheets already in place. Music played softly, and candles glowed on a small table that also held bottles and jars along with another bottle of wine. Then she noticed a man standing near the table. "Well hello," came the friendly voice, "I'm Richard."

While this man was not quite the bulging model of manhood she had just witnessed in Maximus, Richard was very handsome. He was slightly older, in his mid-fifties she guessed, with a scruffy goatee that hinted just a little gray. His blue eyes sparkled. 

She could not help but notice that Richard was relatively short, but had nicely built biceps and wide chest leading down to a trim waist. He walked toward her, handing her a dressing robe. He was wearing a plain white t-shirt that fit snugly, and what appeared to be medical scrubs as pants. His toned body was like a 20-year old gymnast instead of a 50-something masseuse. He smirked a little when he caught her gaze traveling up and down his chest and arms.

Gina took the robe from his hand, and shook his other hand that was reaching out to greet her. 

"It is my pleasure to meet you, Gina," Richard said as he turned to pick up the clipboard Maximus had left behind. He glanced over it and sat it aside.

"Gina, is there anything I need to know before we get started?" He asked her. "Have you ever had pain from any type of massage in the past?"

"No...I think I am ready..." she replied.

"As a reminder, we do follow professional guidelines so guests are not allowed to touch the employees here. This time is all about you and your needs, and I am here to serve you. I will always ask your permission before proceeding with the services today. If anything feels uncomfortable, you just let me know and I can make adjustments to meet your wishes," he said. His eyes were kind and comforting, with just a hint of mischief. Gina felt immediately drawn to him.

"The Cupid Package is a longer, more personal experience than you might usually receive. You'll have the spa pedicure followed by a full massage, and it usually takes about an hour and a half," Richard said. "I'll step out for just a moment for you to change into the robe. It's best if you remove everything including undergarments. Once you get changed into your robe, go ahead and have a seat in the massage chair so you can start soaking your feet."

Before leaving the room, he took the wine glass from Gina's hand and refilled it, then placed it on the pedicure chair side table. He stepped out of the room.

Gina hurriedly removed her pants and blouse, then bra and panties, placing everything into a basket Richard had pointed out to her. She removed her jewelry and shoes as well, and then she slipped into the robe. It was a plush white robe, although quite short. As she climbed into the spa chair, she noticed the robe barely covered her bottom so it felt a little cold against the leather-like seat.

She sat in the pedicure chair, slipping her feet into the warm footbath and covering her thighs with the towel Maximus had given her earlier. Gina sipped her wine and waited.

Richard seemed to know the instant she was settled, as he appeared at the door almost immediately and gave her a warm smile. She sensed that he enjoyed his job.

"Great, Gina, let's get started...."

Richard stood beside Gina, and pushed a few buttons on the control panel of the chair, so the chair reclined a bit while lifting the seat. This gave him better access to her feet. It also gave him a slight view of Gina's upper thighs under her robe and towel. Realizing this, she tried to shift a bit to cover herself, but to no avail. 

"He's probably going to see everything anyway during the massage," she thought. She was glad she had been working out the last few months and had taken time this morning to shave her legs bare all the way up to her bikini zone.

Gina inhaled sharply in surprise when she felt a dull hum in the seat of the chair. The sensation grew very quickly into more intensive vibrations. Her feet soaking in the warm, scented water and the glass of wine were all beginning to make the promise of a "sensual Valentine experience" come to life. 

"Is the seat comfortable for you? It's on medium, do you want me to keep it at that level?" asked Richard, as he sat himself down on a small rolling chair and adjusted a work lamp to illuminate her feet. 

"It's wonderful," she sighed, sipping more wine.

"Good," he said, his eyes and smile soothing her further. "Just relax and enjoy."

Gina did as she was told and started letting the chair work to relax her, but the vibrations under the seat weren't as calming as she had first thought. Within a few minutes on "medium" Gina was squirming in the seat slightly as Richard worked on trimming and filing her toenails. He focused intently on caring for her feet, gently scrubbing and massaging each toe.

Finally, Richard lifted Gina's feet from the water and allowed the spa bowl to drain as he dried each foot with a plush towel. He then bent down to polish her toes with the rich pink nail polish she had selected, a color she thought embodied the Valentine's Day mood.

With the chair still deeply humming away beneath Gina, Richard tenderly picked up her left foot and lifted it toward his face where he delicately blew on her freshly painted toenails. Gina thought she might melt into the seat. He then followed up with his warm breath on the right foot.

With both of Gina's feet back on the footrest, Richard began to massage the soles of her feet and up to her calves while carefully avoiding her fresh pedicure. He reached over to a small table and coated his hands with lotion, then warmed a drop of lotion between his hands before massaging it into Gina's shapely calves and knees...inching higher with every stroke. When he made her way above her knees, Gina jumped slightly.

"Cold hands? Or should I stop here, if this becoming uncomfortable for you?" he asked.

"No, I just got...well, just a little caught off guard. You don't have to stop," she said.

He massaged her knees for several long minutes, and then she felt lotion being massaged onto her thighs and the towel being lifted away. 

For a moment Gina forgot where she was, just reveling in the feeling of the vibrating massage chair and Richard's strong hands. She unconsciously spread her legs a little to give him better access. 

Richard moved slowly upward, taking his time to generously massage her thighs. He inched higher with each stroke. The effect of the thigh massage and vibrating seat had Gina squirming more obviously, and her breath became ragged. She felt Richard's hand on her inner thigh. His fingertips were dangerously close to her hot pussy, and she felt him accidentally graze across her outer lips as he continued his leg massage.

Richard leaned forward between Gina's now open thighs, rubbing his hands in long strokes up her inner thigh then out toward her hips. He looked up at Gina's face. She bit her lip in anticipation...and to keep from moaning. 

"Are you comfortable with this level of massage?" he asked Gina as he looked into her eyes.

"Uh...uh-huh," she said with a nod. She was having trouble finding the right words, as she pondered what Salon X really meant by the promise of a "sensual" massage. Maybe she should not allow him to be so close to her private parts...but, oh, his hands felt so good. 

Taking the cue to continue, Richard started rubbing his thumbs into the crevices where Gina's thigh touched her labia, inching up slowly then circling his thumbs back down. He continued massaging her outer lips for several minutes, until Gina could not help but let out a little moan. She realized she was so wet the seat had become slippery as she slid her bottom from side to side on the relentless vibrating action beneath her. 

Her breathing became more rapid as Richard deftly continued to massage her outer pussy with expert skill, but not allowing his hands to move into her wet slit. Without thinking, Gina started to hump her hips up and down trying to get better contact from his hand. Richard instead pulled his hand away and looked down at Gina's toes. 

"Let's make sure these toes are dry, then we can move on to the massage table, if you are comfortable with that" he said. 

She let out a long sigh, wishing for his hand to return to her pussy, then answered, "Yes, Richard. I'm comfortable with that."

Once again lifting Gina's left foot toward his face, Richard blew warm breath onto her toes. She sighed as he followed with her right foot, all while still feeling the hum of vibration from the seat. 

"Your toes are dry, so let's move to the table," Richard told her. He stood in front of her, and Gina could not help but notice a slight bulge in his pants. She looked up at his face, and once again he grinned when he caught her gaze upon his body. 

Richard reached for the chair controls, turning off the seat and sliding it forward. He reached a hand to Gina to help steady her as she slipped from the seat. She felt wobbly from the leg massage and the heat between her legs, and also a little embarrassed thinking she probably left a damp spot on the seat where she had been sitting. 

As if reading her mind, Richard said, "Don't worry about the seat...we clean up everything and sanitize our pedicure chairs very carefully." 

Gina blushed. 

He handed her a hair clip for her long auburn hair, so it would not get oily from the massage lotions. "You can leave the robe on, just untie it and leave it loosely around you. Then lie down here on your tummy," he guided her. 

Gina complied, untying the robe. She quickly climbed onto the table, face down, and reached behind her to pull the back of the robe over her half-exposed ass. She wondered if he could see any moisture glistening back there from her spa chair massage. He gently pulled the robe sleeves off each of her arms and folded the robe down into a small strip across her ass so that her body was almost fully exposed.

"Just relax," he said. "I am going to apply some warm massage lotion first. I worked your legs already, so we'll go ahead and start with your back and arms."

Having spread the lotion on her back he now began to thoroughly massage her, starting at her hands and arms, then shoulders, then moving slowly across her back. He massaged with deep kneading strokes down her body. When he finally reached her buttocks, he let the side of his hand sip into the crack of her ass. She moaned softly, and shivered slightly.

"Shall I stop here?" he asked. 

"No," Gina said, "just..nervous." 

"Oh, there is no reason for that," Richard said, "I want you to forget all about being nervous. Just focus on the feelings that are happening right at this moment." 

His hands continued their journey around Gina's body, stroking deeply across her shoulders, back, and ass. Gina began to fully relax, and again forget her surroundings while she focused only on the feeling. Richard knew exactly what he was doing with his firm hands. Her entire body was screaming for more.

"Gina, I hope you know that you are a beautiful woman," he said. "I can tell from the way your body is responding that you're pleased with my work... but I still sense that your body holds a lot of tension. I hope you will allow me to finish this massage to your full satisfaction." 

Richard's voice was lower and sultry. He didn't say the exact words, but Gina realized he probably needed her approval to massage her to orgasm. While that wasn't what she expected when she signed up for the Cupid Package, it was the only thing on her mind at the moment.

"Yes!" Gina said without hesitating. "I think you understand my body very well. Please do whatever you want...."

"Thank you," Richard said with a sigh. He seemed relieved to have permission to keep going. 

Gina felt wetness leaking from her center. She was trying to maintain some composure, but she knew her last ounce of self-control was slipping away under Richard's expert touch.

Gina put her head down on the massage table pillow. Richard's hands moved to Gina's hips and gently worked their way down to the robe. Without asking, he removed the robe and let it drop to a chair beside him. 

Gina tensed, sensing that that Richard's hands would soon touch her neglected womanhood. Instead he took a step toward her feet and began massaging her legs. She sighed and wished Richard would return his focus on her throbbing pussy. But he massaged further down, back to her calves, then her feet. The anticipation was sweet torture.

"Gina, I'd like you to turn over to finish the massage," he asker her. 

Gina complied, flipping her body over without a second thought of her fully exposed breasts and shaved pussy being offered freely for Richard to massage as much as he wanted. Gina pressed her shoulders deeper into the mattress of the massage table, effectively pushing her breasts upward, hoping he could not ignore them. Please, she thought, touch my breasts. 

Richard sensed Gina's desire, and moved his hands toward her full breasts, massaging each breast deeply in his hands and giving each nipple a light pinch between his thumb and index finger as he stroked across them. He bent down close enough that she felt his hot breath on her nipples, and blew a puff of warm air across each one. 

"You have lovely, natural breasts," Richard said, making Gina moan even harder.

He stroked and massaged her breasts for several minutes then trailed down her tense and quivering stomach until he reached her lower abdomen. He was rhythmically massaging towards the junction of Gina's hips, where her legs met her torso. She fought the urge to thrust up to meet his hands, and to demand that he plunge his fingers into her.

Despite her best efforts, Gina could not help but undulate her hips slightly in rhythm with Richard's massage as it drew ever nearer to her steaming pussy. He let two fingers trace across her outer lips, then began to lightly knead the entire area with a gentle rhythm.

Gina spread her legs open wider and lifted her ass slightly toward his hand. She felt his entire hand massaging from one end of her pussy to the other, stopping to rotate his palm a few times around her upper pussy and clit. His hand was coated in her steaming juices.
