 I got to work the next day and there was already an email from Sam. I opened it and silently groaned at the one sentence message, "Andy, I have to have you." My heart grew warm at the nickname he had given me. We had opened up during the last few days and he had started calling me "Andy". He was the only one that had shortened my name that way and it made me feel so special.

Taking action, I got on the internet and mapped out a hotel near our houses. I emailed him the address and room number, which I had confirmed and charged to my credit card, and told him to be there at 7:00pm.

"You move fast," he replied.

"I know what I want, and I want you," I told him.

After what seemed an unusually long day at work, I raced home to get ready for him. I took a long, hot, bubble bath with my favorite scented bath salts, and groomed my body soft and smooth for him. I dressed in a pair of snug capris and a white tank top with no bra, accentuating my ass and making my nipples visible through the shirt. Sam loved the look of my ass in the pants I usually wore and the hint of my breasts beneath my close-fitting tops. He often told me he got hard just looking at me as I strolled past his department.

I got to the hotel and quickly placed the candles on the tables and turned off the lights. Seeing the warm glow of the candles and the shadows on the wall as the flame flickered made my heart beat faster as I waited for Sam to arrive. I pushed the bag under the bed and looked at myself in the mirror on the wall. Surrounded by the soft glow, I looked so sexy. My breath was coming faster with the anticipation and I could see my breasts rising and falling. My nipples grew hard under my shirt and I reached up to cup my breasts, sliding my thumbs over my nipples. I groaned out loud, imagining Sam's hands on them. I turned around and looked at the way my ass was presented in my capris. 

I heard the click of the door as Sam opened it and I turned towards the door. He stood there in the doorway, the darkness of the room masking his face. 

"Sam..." I whispered. The light from the candles behind me silhouetted my body. Smiling at him, I cupped my breasts and ran my hands down my body as I walked the few steps to the bed. I climbed onto the bed on all fours, presenting my ass to him. I looked back at him, arching my ass into the air. 

"Are you going to just stand there?" I asked.

He stepped inside and closed the door. When he walked inside the soft glow of the room lit up his face and I could see the passion and raw desire in his face. All of a sudden he moved forward and I kneeled on my knees to meet him. He grabbed me, his hands caressing my breasts, squeezing my nipples. He lowered his head and shoved his tongue in my mouth, crushing my breasts to his chest as we fell down on the bed. No words were spoken as we attacked each other, feeding off the taste and feel of our hands and tongues. It was such raw need and lust. It was hot.

His lips slid down my neck, biting all the way, and my hands followed his head down my chest. Through my shirt he bit at my nipples, causing me to gasp out loud, and lower he went, biting my stomach. He slid his hands down my legs and then frantically unbuttoned my pants, peeling them down my legs. He threw them on the floor and slid my heels off my feet. His hands trailed back up my legs, caressing them, gasping. 

"God, your legs feel as silky as they look, Andy."

I lay on the bed, almost unable to move. He was still dressed in his business shirt and tie, and he looked so lost and hungry kneeling between my legs.

He slid his hands to my inner thighs, pushed them apart, and just stared at my pussy. He looked up at me, his eyes so dark and stormy. His face was so beautiful; he had no smile. I could see the desire in his face, and I could feel it in the shakiness of his hands. I arched my hips towards his face, silently begging him to touch me.

Without warning, he grasped my hips and pulled me to the edge of bed, smashing his face between my legs. His hot tongue plunged between my lips, devouring the pool of wetness already there. He groaned, his fingers digging into my hips, and I cried out, pushing my pussy into his mouth.

Leaning up on my elbows, whimpering at the pleasure, I watched as his face disappeared and his mouth bathed my pussy. His tongue slathered up and down my slit, swirling around my clit, and then going back down. Each time he licked my hard nub, I almost screamed, the feeling was so intense. He began teasing me, licking my clit and learning my body, licking until I was almost there - almost over the edge - then he would take his mouth away, smile and look up at me.

I looked at him with need, begging him to give me the pleasure he was keeping from me. My eyes pleaded with him, my hips arching. Smiling a dangerous, sinister smile, he slid one finger between my lips, then up to flick my clit, still looking at me. I couldn't look away from his face, already addicted to that look of desire and control he knew he had over me.

Suddenly, he plunged his fingers into my cunt, slamming them in hard. Losing my strength, I fell onto my back on the bed, whimpering, gasping out loud. He lowered his face again, flicking at my clit with his tongue, still fucking me with his fingers, and I could feel myself quickly approaching the edge of all feeling. He wasn't stopping, and the feeling was so hard, so intense, that I could barely breathe. 

I was at the edge, and with one last plunge of his fingers and one final flick of his tongue, Sam sent me hurtling into space. Stars exploded behind my eyes and I lost the ability to breathe. My body was on fire, and he wasn't stopping. He continued to lick my clit and fuck my pussy, following me through my orgasm. 

It felt so good, painful even, to explode like that, that I began to crawl backwards on the bed, but he followed me, crawling up with me. I kept trying to escape his mouth and fingers, and my back and head hit the mirrored wall behind me. He followed me, lapping up my cum, as I sat on the bed, my back against the wall. 

I still couldn't breathe and I felt like I was going to pass out when I exploded into another orgasm, or was it still the same one? My body was so out of control. My hips arched into him, my hands burying into his hair and he started biting me, making me cry out in the most pleasure I had ever felt. 

I was weak. I couldn't fight it anymore, so I just let myself go. I ground my pussy into his face, still holding his head, and rode his tongue and fingers through my third and fourth orgasm. He fucked me so good. 

Eventually I found my voice, and with all the strength in my body, I was only able to whisper, "Sam, fuck me. FUCK ME!"

He looked up at me with his cocky confident grin, still fucking my pussy with his fingers. He didn't say a word, just watching me as I was lost in the sensations only he could provide. I was his, for now and for all time, and he knew it.

I came down slowly as my body recovered from the heights he had taken me to. I had never had multiple orgasms and never had I had any as hard and intense as now.

As he saw I was coming down, he got off the bed and started taking his clothes off. We had never seen each other's bodies before and his was magnificent. I tore my top off, the seams tearing with my urgency, and threw it across the room. I kneeled on the bed to help him with his clothes. His shirt was already unbuttoned, and I slid it off his shoulders, caressing his chest, shoulders and arms. 

On my knees on the bed, I pulled his head down and kissed him, tasting myself on him. I groaned at the taste and greedily licked him clean. Our tongues dueled softly, battling each other. I kissed down his chest to his stomach, then slid my hands under his waistband and slid my palms over his ass, pushing his pants off with them. Needing to be closer, I crawled off the bed and knelt on the floor in front of him.

I pressed my face to his stomach, trailing my hands down his ass then up his back. He kicked his shoes off, stepped back and out of his pants, and I looked up at him, his flat stomach flexing with his heavy breathing. I reached out and began rubbing his hard cock through his underwear.

I had imagined what it would feel like and look like, and the moment was finally here. He gasped at my first initial touch, and his body jerked on contact. I smiled and laid my face against his crotch, moving my cheek against his cock. His hands slid into my hair as he looked down at me, burying his hands in my curls.

I reached up and pulled his underwear down and his wonderful cock jumped out, hitting me in the face. It was already hot and hard, and it stood straight up. Immediately I grasped it in my hands, rubbing it, stroking it up and down. It was so big I could barely wrap my fingers around it.

His breathing deepened as I grasped his shaft at the base with my hand and suddenly slid my mouth onto it, all the way to the hilt. My mouth was filled with his cock, my lips stretched wide around it. He gasped out loud and clutched the back of my head as his knees buckled. I buried my face in his crotch and swallowed, gagging, and then backed off a little to breathe, and started fucking his cock with my mouth.

I stood up and pushed him back onto the bed, sliding between his legs on my knees, taking his cock into my mouth again. I worshiped his cock with my lips and tongue, slathering it with my saliva, tasting it, memorizing its feel and texture. 

I lifted his cock and slid my mouth to his balls, licking them and feeling the spongy skin contract and tighten with each stroke of my tongue. I sucked one of his balls into my mouth and my body sang when I heard him say, "Oh my GOD!"

I devoured his cock and balls for what seemed like only minutes, and I could hear his need in his groans and whispers. I could tell he was almost ready to go and as he had teased me, I teased him. I sucked and licked him up to that point, then I'd stop and take his cock in my hand and gently and slowly stroke it, bringing him down gently. I did this for a while, until he growled and sat up and pulled me to him.

Our mouths met in a fury, teeth hitting teeth, tongues mating and teeth biting. He threw me down onto the bed on my back, pulled me towards him and spread my legs, pressing his dick right at my hole.

He put in just the tip, and then stopped and looked down at me. "Do you want it?" he asked, whispering, and I could see his eyes twinkle. He was so good at pleasing me, and as it would turn out, teasing me as well.

"Please Sam, give it to me!" I begged, trying to inch closer to bring him deeper inside me.

"Do you want it?" he asked again.

"Yes, Sam, I want you! Now fuck me!!" I gasped, my heart beating hard. He started to slip a little more of his dick inside me and then stopped. 

"Nooo," I cried out, "pleeeaaaseee..." My hips automatically arched up, and he pulled back. 

"How bad do you want it?"

Without thinking about it, I rose up quickly on my hands and pushed my pussy onto his cock, sliding all the way up. "Aaaaaaa, FUCK!" I screamed. He gasped, and began fucking my pussy, slowly, drawing out the strokes, slowly filling me.

We both groaned at the sensation. He was so big and he fit so perfectly. I could feel each and every inch of him slide into my pussy, filling me all the way. My pussy lips were swollen from his oral attack and I could feel them give when he slid in, and then expand when he pulled out. 

I looked down and saw his dick slide out, thick and shiny from my juices. I could hear the sound of our bodies coming together, the hot sticky sound of flesh on flesh. I slid my hand down to touch his cock, wrap my fingers around it, feel it slide into my pussy through my hand. He threw his head back and groaned, growled.

Collapsing back onto the bed, I pulled him down to me. His chest covered mine and I wrapped my legs around his back, moving with him as he fucked my pussy. He kept plunging in and pulling out, in and out, in and out. He lowered his head and took my nipple into his mouth, biting it hard.

I screamed, clutching his back, molding my hips to his. I fucked his dick, setting my own rhythm that he matched, both of us gasping at the pleasure and both seeking our first release together. He began to pump a little harder and faster and his face got intense and tight. 

"Sam...." I gasped.

"Andy, cum with me," he gasped.

The look on his face made me so much hotter, the look in his eyes, so hot and needy, it gave me power, knowing I could bring him to this point. I got a surge of feeling at this knowledge and it made me work harder to bring him closer to the edge, closer with me.

I felt his body tighten. I clutched his shoulders and wrapped my legs around him tighter, rubbing my pussy on his pelvis, and I could feel myself so fucking close to the edge. I wanted to wait for him, to go together.

It was so intense. More intense than anything I'd ever experienced. My own body began to tighten, the blood coursing through my veins at a frightening speed. My body was on a high I couldn't explain but I was addicted with just this taste of it. I never wanted it to end.

I was so close. I could feel it coming. I unwrapped my legs from his waist and planted my feet flat on the bed, lifting my pussy to him as he pumped in and out. His arms were shaking as he held himself up, and his face had a look of painful pleasure as he got closer to the edge. 

He pumped into me, his cock filling my pussy. Slammed to the hilt, I clenched his cock with my pussy muscles, and he lost it. He cried out as he came, and I held him inside me, milking his cock with my pussy. He continued to pump in and out, barely breathing, as he filled me with his cum. "Oh my god," he gasped, squeezing his eyes shut.

I felt his load shoot inside of me, coating my pussy walls, and that shot me over the edge and into oblivion. The feeling of his hot cum filling me up, the smell of his jizz made me scream out. My pussy was on fire, my juices coating his hard cock. My body moved on its own, meeting his thrusts, and my body arched into his. His hands gripped my hips, holding me down as he thrust inside me over and over again, filling me full of his hot, hard cock. 

"Yes, fuck my pussy, Sam. Fill me with your cum!"

Finally, with one last grunt, he pumped the last of his load inside me, and just stayed lodged inside my spasming pussy. With each contraction, I could see his face tighten up and his body jerk from the ripples of our orgasm. 

He collapsed on top of me, still inside me, and I wrapped my arms around his chest and wrapped my legs around his waist. He jerked again, gasping as I moved, and I felt him inside me, still full and hard. Looking down at me, he lowered his head and kissed me hard. Our tongues mated as we were, both of us feeding off the union of our bodies.

Slowly, he rolled off me, pulling me to lay on his chest. We cuddled on the bed, holding each other, waiting for our racing hearts to slow down. My head was on his chest and I could feel his heart pounding. Eventually it slowed down and in the interim I had been caressing his cock, loving the feel of so much power in my hand. 

Sam's cock started to get hard again, and I scrambled between his legs to suck it into my mouth. Immediately I could taste the mixture of our juices; his hot cum and my juices. I could smell the musky scent of sex and it permeated all my senses. I could feel the stickiness of us on his cock and then as my saliva mixed, it became slippery. He settled on his back, plumping a pillow under his head, and just watched me. "You are so hot," he whispered, getting that satisfied smile on his face.

I held his cock in my hands, loving it, stroking it, licking up the bottom of the shaft. I sucked it down into my throat and began pumping it with my mouth, swirling my tongue around his magnificent mushroom head. I held it up and took his balls into my mouth, trying to stuff both of them in, and heard him groan. I looked up at him, his hands clenching the bedspread, his face contorted in so much pleasure. His balls popped out of my mouth and I began licking the shaft again.

"Do you like it? I asked. "Do you like your cock in my mouth?"

"I'd like it better in your ass," he whispered.

I continued licking and sucking his dick, pressing my face into his pubes, holding him there. I could hear him gasping and writhing on the bed as I swallowed, and gagged. I drew up to get air, then fell back down on his cock, sucking his stick like he had never been sucked before.

I stopped sucking, crawled up his body and after giving him a few kisses, sucking on his tongue like I had just done on his cock, I asked him, "Do you really want to fuck me in my ass?"

"Yes! God, yes!" he exploded, his eyes pleading with me.

"Let's do it," I said.

He had a questioning look on his face and he sat up straight, looking me right in the eyes. "Andy, are you sure?"

"Yes, I am. I want my first time to be with you."

Sam groaned and closed his eyes. He leaned into me and kissed me long and hard, our tongues mating. I drew back and said, "I'm scared though. We have to go slow."

I scooted off him and got on all fours, as he quickly moved around behind me.

"Andy, are you sure you want this?" he asked.

"Yes. I want to experience everything with you."

"Okay, here we go..." he said, and I felt him reach between my legs. He scooped up some of our cum still pooled in my pussy and rubbed it into my asshole. He positioned his cock at my hole and pressed just a little and I could feel him trying, but my ass wasn't giving any. I was scared, I knew it was going to hurt, but I wanted to please him and experience this moment with him, so I tried to relax my body and my mind.

I could feel him massaging my hole, getting it ready, then all of a sudden I felt his cock penetrate my ass. I hissed air in between my teeth, bracing myself for the pain, and he rubbed my back. "I'll go slow, relax baby" he said. He moved so slow and gentle, unsure of what was ahead. He had told me he had never fucked a girl in her ass before, and had never met anyone that he wanted to go that far with. It was the ultimate submission to him, something he wouldn't take lightly.

"Okay," I whispered. I closed my eyes, and started breathing in and out, relaxing myself, which in turn relaxed my body. I immediately felt an extreme amount of pressure as he slowly slid his cock into my ass. It hurt, but amidst all the pain, I could feel tinges of pleasure shooting to my pussy. 

He continued to slide his cock into my ass, and after what seemed like hours of pressure, he was finally all the way in. "Are you okay?" he gasped, his voice strained. He caressed my back and leaned up and gently kissed my shoulders.

"Mmmm, yes.....it hurts, but it feels so good. Don't stop," I moaned out loud, gasping at the invasion.

"Oh my god, it's so tight!" he whispered. 

I felt him begin to move, slowly pulling back, but not out, then in again. The friction of his cock sliding back and forth in my ass was almost too much pleasure, and pain, for me to bear. It hurt so bad, but it felt so good. I could feel sweat forming on my body and I was loving every minute of it. It was so dirty what we were doing. His fingers dug into my hips, and as he bent forward to kiss my back, I felt a layer of sweat on his stomach as he pressed into my lower back. The feel of his lips on my back was so electric. I arched my back which in turn pushed my ass towards him, lodging his dick further into my ass.

Gradually he started pulling further out and pushing in faster and soon he was fucking my ass like he had my pussy. "Oh, fuck!" he was gasping, gripping onto my hips as he plowed my asshole. 

A dull ache started building in my pussy. With each stroke in my ass, the ache got more powerful, and my body was flushed with the most intense heat. I was gasping for breath, trying to draw air into my lungs as he steadily fucked my ass hard.
