 I was a bit late. Later than planned anyway. But that was to be expected, having left the office late due to an impromptu last minute meeting with my boss. At last I arrived at my hotel suite at about nine, and still without having had anything to eat. 

The next morning I had a meeting scheduled in the hotel. What was supposed to be a business overnight became something completely different. Things went wrong from the moment I arrived. Ah well, actually they changed for the better...

Entering my room my first thought was that the room was double booked. On the king size bed was a gorgeous woman, laying spread out in a sexy negligee. At first she didn't notice me. Because I saw her the moment I entered the suite I kept as quiet as I could.

When I stood beside the bed I said "I hope you'll understand I'm here legitimate, beautiful lady. I'm afraid our room is double booked. At least they did give me a key to this lovely suite," I offered.

"As a matter of fact I know this is your room, mister Ryan. And as yourself I'm here "legitimate", as you call it in a funny way!"

"So you were booked in my room because there was no free room left?" I asked unbelieving.

"No silly," the sexy lady said, "I'm here to keep you company. By the way, you can call me Sam."

"Huh..."

"My father wants me to console you and make your stay worthwhile, even now he's not able to meet you tomorrow. It's up to you what you want me to do. We can go out for dinner, or for a dance and a drink. But if you like we can stay in the hotel and do naughty things. Visit the hotel spa, or just cuddle and snooze. I know no limits, you name it and Sammy is your girl!"

"You're not telling me you're a hooker, and your father is your pimp?"

"No Paul, I'm just a girl who simply loves sex, and I get very well paid for doing just that. I guess you could call me an escort girl. But I don't do this on a regular basis or for a living. For tonight I'm just your private little complimentary sex doll."

Immediately understanding the implications and seeing the possibilities I said: "Well Sam, for starters I'm going to take a shower. If you want to join me that sure would be my pleasure."

And thus began a very memorable night that changed my life. Not only was Samantha the epitome of the horny chick bordering to nymphomania, her body is simply the dream of every men. With the most perfect upturned cute titties that simply say hi to the world. A nice pair of well-proportioned C-size tits, dream bags to hold on to. And when she slipped under the shower with me I noticed she also has the perfect porn pussy. A well arched bald mound leading to a very smooth shaven slit with no inner lips visible at first sight. 

Slithering my fingers between her folds I felt she hadn't lied about her being horny. Her little yoni was already dripping wet from within, and her engorged clit was nudging its way outwards between the puffed up labia. 

I didn't attack her right away, but since she gave me deliberately access to her treasure I didn't hesitate to cup her sex and explore her dripping delta. With one hand between her legs and the other grabbing one of those amazing tits I pulled her nubile body against me making her feel my growing tool against her taut tushy. She wiggled her behind nudging my shaft between her buttocks.

My staggering rod got locked between her cheeks first, and when I stepped back just for a sec I lowered my shaft slightly so when I pulled her hips back against my groin my penis buried itself between those magnificent thighs. Rocking against that lovely behind my dick slid right over her pussy, nudging her clit on every push. Small shrieking sounds encouraged my cock to be even a bit bolder. 

Having a hot young girl on my cock makes me a very happy man. Sam bent forward holding on to a railing, and slid my cock with her other hand right inside her vagina. Suddenly enveloped by warm fuck flesh my tool grew with another inch. Riding in and out in an easy rhythm I started to slow-fuck that cute doll. Of course this made me hot. But I managed to keep myself in hand and didn't climax in the shower. Not just now. 

Retreating to the bedroom we dried each other and ended on the big bed in a hot embrace, cuddling like long lost friends and making out like there was no tomorrow.

Tomorrow was still far away and would be without her father, so we were not in a hurry to go to sleep. Sam insisted to indulge my stiff member. Before long she had me on my back on the bed, engulfed my hot rod with her eager mouth and went to town. Boy, I don't remember having been blown like that ever before. Sam proved being an absolute expert. She nibbled for ever on my head, licking meticulously right behind the rim. Meanwhile she kept a vacuum on my cock, holding my base in a firm grip with one hand, gliding with the other up and down over my shaft.

My lust grew by the minute. I grabbed Sam's legs and pulled her into a 69 position with her lower body over my head, one knee on either side of my head. I enjoyed the view on her smooth snatch, that dripping wet grotto that made my head spin with it's penetrating scent entering my brain through my nose. The girly juice dripped right from her cunt and quiet a few drops landed on my lips or even right in my mouth. Without further ado she got on her knees and got to work on my shaft with her mouth.

As I felt the heat emanating from my balls I pulled her hips closer planting her quim firmly on my mouth. First I lapped at her cooch, then I pushed my tongue deep inside her honey box, and at last I moored my lips right on her rising clit. I held on to her sensitive nub throughout the smashing orgasm she pilfered from me, making it a bit cumbersome for Sam herself to keep slurping on my man-meat. But she managed despite her own orgasm. I exploded right in her mouth, giving her one gulf of hot sperm after the other. My jerking cock pulsed five or more scorching streams into that hungry sucking vice. Because I held onto her buttocks with my hands I could hold her jolting lower body in place right on my mouth. 

We both lay panting on the bed, revelling in the intense heat we had made together, enjoying the fierce oral lovemaking we just experienced. Orally we were very compatible. As we came more or less to our senses, we decided a quick shower was commanded.

Out of the shower again, after we spent some more time exploring each other's body, we smiled at each other like kids in love. A purely physical attraction can strangely create an intimate togetherness.

We dressed up, and explored what the hotel had to offer. On the top floor we had a marvellous dinner in the panorama restaurant overlooking the historic harbour. But my attention was mainly focused on Sam, and she only noticed the fine food and her company, lucky me. The atmosphere remained that of a young couple in love, with the need of constant touching and frisky innuendos. Despite our age difference, with me being 35 and Sam some 10 years younger.

We made a stroll outside along the waterfront. I told Sam about my lost marriage which ended five years ago, luckily without children. She confided me with her boyfriends, the last one she still sees on a regular basis. But only for fuck's sake. With a sex drive like hers I think I understand.

Back in our suite we were out of our clothes in a matter of seconds, and all over each other again with our faces smashed together. I had never experienced an attraction like this, so very physical by nature but at the same time also so very heartfelt and cozy. This must be the feeling of love at first sight.

But on with the physics. It was time to get our bodies rocking with a good bout of old fashioned fucking. With such a hot attractive lady at my disposal I had to do her completely, in all and every orifice. I already sampled her cock dock in the shower, and she had rocked my nuts with her mouth giving me a very professional blowjob. There is really nothing better than having a young chick on your cock.

Completely naked again we reclined together on the sofa before the telly. The hotel suite offered pornographic entertainment with a great selection of porn movies to view on demand. We settled for one of my all-time favourites Buttman's European Vacation, with Rocco nailing the hot Silver Forrest in an Amsterdam hotel bathroom, and doing her together with her friend Zara Whites. The last scene where Rocco fucks Zara in the butt and cums in the eye of Silver is epic.

We re-enacted the bout with Rocco and Silver in the bathroom. Sam walked me into the white marbled bathroom and stood against the sink-counter facing the mirror. I stroked her butt and knelt down on the floor. Spreading her buns I licked her asshole and teased it with my finger. Then I stroked her pussy lips. Sam got her right knee on the counter top thus opening her pussy for me. I fingered her with my index finger and fucked that tight cunt with one, then two fingers. I got up as Sam turned around and we kissed. I let her taste her own pussy by feeding her my finger. I grabbed her tits and devoured those magnificent dark nipples. She held her tits for me while I feasted on them with my mouth. Her nipples were kind of puffy the way they stood out. I pulled her nips with my lips and then sucked half of her tits inside my mouth. After feasting on her breasts I kneaded her milk bags while we kissed each other hard.

Still making out I grabbed Sam's awesome buns in both hands, or at least the flesh that rose above the washstand. I pushed Sam down gently on her shoulders, she knelt before me and took my cock in her mouth. 

My cock is no real comparison with Rocco's epitome fuck tool, but mine might stand the test on two points; my six and a half incher lacks that awesome porn length but has a nice solid girth as well, and my glans in attack mode looks just impressive as hell. Sam devoured me again, unleashing her oral skills once more on my happy pecker, licking me from tip to base and kissing my balls. With my purple crown in her vacuum vice her hand massaged my scrotum. It's such an incredible sight, my cock inside that beautiful face.

Standing up again Sam leaned her butt against the washbasin with her left leg raised, offering her treasure to me. Pushing my boner inside her pussy we started a good fucking. I grabbed her leg with my right hand and held it up with my arm under the back of her knee, my fingers stretching over her thigh. Pumping in and out we quickly found a good rhythm.

Grabbing Sam's left leg as well I lifted her up holding on to both thighs fucking on by raising and dropping that cunt on my cock. Sam clasped her hands behind my neck so I could hold her amazing butt in my hands as we looked each other in the eye. Plain fucking born in lust can also be romantic at the same time. But the mere act of screwing is also amazing fun all by itself. 

As I placed her butt on the vanity Sam spread her left leg out. Holding her right thigh in my hands I went on fucking my new favourite place to be. When after another five minutes of screwing my cock slipped out of Sam's fuck hole I sat down on the toilet. Sam straddled my lap facing away and let my dick slip inside her tight tunnel. I enjoyed the sight of my meat getting engulfed by that magnificent ass as it disappeared again and again inside Sam's tight honey box.

Sam got up and straddled me again, now facing me. She held on to my shoulders as she pumped her twat up and down on my shaft, offering me the sexy sight of her bouncing tits and her sweet pussy devouring my cock meat over and over again.

We both got upright. I positioned Sammy sitting on the very edge of the counter and sank my cock deep inside her hot twat. Plugging that pussy is a great delight. Pushing my drill deep inside Sam's core and retracting almost to the very tip, again and again, is a great joy. The last position we did was a doggy with Sam leaning with her arms on the counter, her butt pointing challenging at me. Looking at her in the mirror I'll once again drove my joy stick home and fucked Sam real good. Just before I came I pulled my cock out and shoved it into her beautiful face. She gave my crown some last licks sealing my fate. My spunk erupted as I tugged on my meat. The first shots landed right inside Sam's mouth, the next mainly on her cheek. The last drop landed in the corner of her left eye. I took Sam in a tight embrace and we kissed each other all over, ignoring the mess we created.

We giggled as we went back to the bedroom. We cuddled for a long time, just lying on the big bed, not bothering the mess which we didn't clean with a shower, just revelling in each other's presence. What I love so much about Sammy is her absolute free attitude concerning all things sexually. And that her face and her butt are so fucking unbelievably beautiful. 

We slept in the buff, on and off interrupted with cuddling and intimate moments. At one time I slipped my hard-on inside Sam's quim as I spooned against her back, my hands holding on to her tits.

The next morning we ordered a breakfast from room service, with an accompanying bottle of Dom Perignon rosé champagne. After breakfast, still in the buff, we ended again in the shower. We soaped each other up and rinsed off again, taking out time with a lot of smoothing and fingering on the way.

I hadn't collected yet my promise of Sam's ass. I made her bent over, her hands on a handy placed handle. When I unscrewed the shower head from the hose to make a makeshift anal cleaner, Sam said "Wait!", and left the shower. She came back with a tube of KY and a five inch long chrome dildo-shaped nozzle which she screwed on the end of the hose.

"I always carry some handy tools with me, just in case."

Sam adjusted the water temperature and slowly eased the tip of the nozzle inside her anus. Opening the faucet she squatted down, pushing the monster further inside her bowls. I got down as well and steadied Sam, holding on to her shoulders, watching her face closely. Pretty soon she made a grimace, possibly indicating the pressure inside became too much.

"Paul, I'm going to withdraw now, so this might get a bit messy. No problem if you stand back now."

"Well, since we're in the shower there's no problem cleaning up right away, so get on and I'll help you."

Sam smiled at me, and slowly eased the nozzle out of her ass hole. A slosh of watery substance squirted out of her backdoor. She skilfully sprayed the floor clean with the nozzle, and inserted the tube again inside her ass. She grabbed my hand and placed it on the nozzle.

"You can play with me now if you like," she said with a big grin. "Use the nozzle as a dildo, but take it a bit easy. Ease it out regularly to give the water a change to seep out."

I pumped that gorgeous ass slowly with the squirting pipe, easing it out every thirty seconds or so to let the slurry squirt out. Sam turned the temperature gradually up, heating up her ass. When the water leaving Sam's backdoor was absolutely clear Sam closed the tap and got out of the shower. I wrapped her in a big fluffy towel, took her in my arms and brought her to the bedroom.

"Let the fun begin," Sam said with a big grin. "You want my ass doggy style, in a flat prone position, or do you prefer to take me on my back?"

"Get on your back, beauty! As beautiful as your ass is, I can't keep my eyes of your face. I want to see your eyes as I will take your ass."

Sam got on her back and placed a cushion under her bum, lifting her hips slightly up. I took her legs and spread them apart. Sam inserted two fingers in her backdoor, preparing her already heated up poop chute. Pressing her legs even wider I admired her two fuck holes, so beautifully lined up and opening up just to be taken. First I dipped my dick inside that already familiar honey box. After a few strokes all the way down to my root, I left that tight vice and slightly lowered my hip. Sam got hold of my cock and placed the tip right at the entrance of her dark alley.

Smiling at me she encouraged me to open up her sphincter. "Come on baby, slide that fat bat inside my backside. Make me cry for your monster."

So I pushed forward, giving her all my weight to force my pecker deep inside her tightest tunnel. And tight she was. I don't know how I managed to get my thick member deep inside her in so little time. Once fully inserted, I laid down upon that beautiful creature, my lips on her lips, my eyes drowning in hers. We kissed a long soul kiss. I lifted my body up again, enjoying Sam's happy smile, and started to pump her ass.

As good as the view was, I needed another position. Retracting my cock I asked Sam to get on all fours. She happily obliged. I positioned my weapon again at her anus, grabbed her hips and pushed myself back inside. A very nice good ass fucking was under way. I believe we kept up this action for at least some fifteen minutes. Meanwhile Sam purred a satisfying meow. She used one hand to diddle her clit and grab my balls. She alternated these manipulations, making us both getting heated up more and more. Her sphincter squeezed my meat continuously, leading to an unavoidable orgasm. When I couldn't hold out any more, I took my dick out and let my spunk squirt all over that beautiful ass.

"That was simply amazing Sam!" I exclaimed. "I can't remember ever having fucked an ass I liked more. You are so fucktastic incredible!"

"Paul, you can take my pussy or my ass anytime you want! It's all my pleasure!"

It's needless to say we hardly left our suite that weekend. Our first encounter stretched out during the entire weekend. We did go out for two more very nice romantic dinners. As we separated our ways on Monday morning we both knew it was not for long. But we didn't realize yet Sam's last boyfriend had to look for another fuck buddy very soon.