 The thing I remember most about the first day I met Tara, other than the lovely lady herself, was the accident. I was stopped for a red light, sitting in my Blazer and listening to the radio. My windshield wipers thumped back and forth intermittently in response to the rain we'd been having off and on all day. I heard a loud crash, and before I even knew where it came from, there was a bone jarring impact. My seatbelt cinched tight across my chest for a few seconds, and I realized I'd been pushed several feet further into the intersection.

I'd been rear-ended. I looked through my rear view mirror, and I could see a mid-size car wedged up against my SUV. My first thought was that I probably hadn't been hit hard enough for anyone in the car to have been badly hurt either. My second thought was oh, this is just fucking great, just what I needed. Now I'd have to deal with repairs and probably have to pay an insurance deductible. Not to mention the Blazer had only been paid off for a couple of months and had been in excellent condition. 

I was momentarily really pissed, and I opened my door and got out prepared to tell the driver of the car all about it. My anger evaporated when I saw that the car had also been hit from behind by a small pick up truck. And then I saw her. She stepped out of the car that had hit me and shakily smiled at me, asking if I was okay.

My first thought when I saw Tara was that she was perfect. She had captivating big brown eyes, and luxurious long dark brown hair that fell past her shoulders. She was petite and slender, yet she still had plenty of feminine curves, her breasts especially full and round for a woman of her size. Her skin was fair, more like porcelain than you'd expect considering her dark hair and eyes. She had sensuous full lips, and wasn't wearing much makeup, nor did she need to. She looked to be about 30, and was comfortably dressed in a pair of black jeans and a thin red and black sweater. And most importantly, there was no diamond glittering from the third finger of her left hand.

I told her that I was fine, and when I asked, she told me she was okay too. As I got closer to her, I realized that I practically towered over her. I was just short of 6'4" tall, and it looked like I was a good foot taller than she was. When she looked up at me and smiled, still obviously shaken, my first impulse was to put my arms around her and hold her protectively. My next thought was that I'd bet she was a knockout naked too. I guess you'd call it lust at first sight.

About that time the driver of the pick-up truck came up to us, apologizing profusely. He probably wasn't any older than 20, and he appeared to be really upset about the whole thing. He said that his shoes were wet and his foot had slipped off the brake as his truck was approaching the light. Apparently the truck was his work vehicle, and being new on the job, he was afraid he was going to be in trouble.

I felt kind of sorry for the kid, and so did the pretty lady with the lovely brown eyes. She bravely smiled and told him, "It's going to be okay. It was just an accident, and we'll get everything taken care of." I noticed that her hands were trembling slightly. She was trying to get him to relax even before she'd been able to calm down herself. I liked that.

When we surveyed the damage, it looked like my Blazer and the kid's pick-up were both driveable. The car, however, had been sandwiched pretty good and looked like it might possibly have some frame damage. We all agreed that the damage was bad enough that we'd have to call the police to take a report, and that the car would have to be towed.

I called the police on my cell phone and shortly thereafter they arrived. All through the usual taking of statements and such, I found I couldn't take my eyes off Tara. She was just so gorgeous. I was glad she couldn't read my mind or else she'd probably be shocked at the uncontrolled erotic images that were freely running through my head. I have an active imagination anyway but looking at her had kicked it into high gear.

I felt sorry for her when the wrecker came and towed her car away. She seemed sad to see it go. The kid in the truck left next, still apologizing for all the trouble. The cop asked Tara if she needed a ride home. I know I probably sounded a little eager when I offered to take her. I was thrilled when she smiled, a little less shaky now, and said, "Thanks, I would really appreciate that. It's only a couple of miles from here. It will give me the chance to apologize for the nice new dent I gave you".

**********

The day I met Jeff was the same day of the only car accident I'd ever had in my life. I guess you'd have to say that the accident was the lowest point of that day and that Jeff was the highest. 

It was the first day of the first vacation I'd had all year. I was enjoying the fact that it was early on a Monday afternoon and instead of working I was going shopping. At least that's where I was going before the accident happened. I was stopped at a red light, just reaching down to skip to the next song on my CD, when my car was slammed into from behind. A fraction of a second later my car hit the big SUV in front of me. I had my seat belt on but I still got jerked around pretty good.

I took a mental inventory of my body and determined that I was basically okay, then I got out of my car, wanting to see if everybody else was unhurt. A big guy got out of the Blazer that I'd hit, looking a little bit mad. When I asked him if he was okay, his face softened and he smiled at me. When he came up to me I had to look up at him, and the closer he got, the better looking he got. 

Other than being really tall, the next thing I noticed about Jeff was his handsome face, with alert baby blue eyes and a friendly, disarming smile. He had nice sandy blonde hair and an attractive medium build. His arms were muscular he had large, strong-looking hands. I've always had a thing for strong, masculine hands. He was nicely dressed in a pair of tan Dockers and a long sleeved blue polo shirt.

We talked to the young guy in the pickup truck that hit me, and ended up calling the police and had my poor car towed away. I was a little upset, hating to see the best car I'd ever had dragged away like that. I was disturbed to notice that my hands were still trembling. 

It would have been a lot worse without Jeff there. He was really nice about the whole thing and kept trying to say comforting things. Plus I really liked the way he kept looking at me the whole time. It was like he was sympathetic and trying to be kind, but that he just couldn't seem to pry his eyes off my tits. I laughed to myself when I thought he was just making sure they hadn't been injured in the accident. I thought he was sweet and kind of charming, not to mention just plain good looking.

After the policeman had taken my statement and insurance information, I realized I didn't have a ride home. I had no family in town, and even though there were several friends I could call, all of them would be at work this time of day. When Jeff piped up and offered me a ride home, I was quick to accept. I didn't particularly want be dropped off at my house in a police car, but even more I'll have to admit that I was intrigued by him. 

He opened the passenger door of his Blazer for me, and his fingertips momentarily grazed the small of my back as he helped me inside. It was kind of funny how that one little bit of contact affected me. It was a simple gentlemanly gesture, but the sensation it caused was disproportionately pleasant. I found myself smiling happily at him like this was a date or something, not just a ride home from an interesting stranger.

It took about 15 minutes to get to my house, but I wished it had lasted longer. It hadn't taken me long to make up my mind about Jeff. I liked him. Liked him a lot. He struck me as being good natured and funny, easy to talk to. He had a deep, throaty voice that I liked hearing. But more than anything I liked looking at him, and I loved the way he looked back at me.

I'd done quite a bit of dating since my divorce three years earlier, but I couldn't recall ever being this immediately attracted to someone, even my ex-husband. When we pulled into the driveway of my house, I realized I didn't want to just let him drop me off and disappear. My heart was pounding when I asked him if he would like to come in for a drink. I made the excuse that I wanted a drink to calm my frazzled nerves caused by the accident. Actually I was already feeling just fine, and it was because of him. The truth was that I wanted to keep him with me a little longer.

I was so glad when he enthusiastically accepted. I grinned when he offered his hand to me as I got out of the Blazer. I took it, thanking him and enjoying the momentary warmth of his fingers touching mine. I had a fleeting thought about how out of character it was for me to invite a strange man into my house, but it was gone as soon as it came.

As we were stepping up on my front porch, Jeff tripped on the step and knocked me forward. I was amused, wondering if he was nervous or just a klutz. I saw his face go red and thought he looked absolutely adorable.

Inside, I told Jeff to make himself comfortable in the living room. I said that I was going to have a glass of wine and he agreed that was a fine idea. I went into the kitchen to pour our drinks and he asked if he could use the phone in the living room. I heard him call his office and tell them about the accident. I was more than a little happy when he said that he wouldn't be back in that day. I hoped that meant he wouldn't be in any hurry to leave.

I carried the two glasses of Chardonnay back into the living room, and handed Jeff his and sat down on the opposite end of the sofa from him. We sipped our wine and got better acquainted. I told him about my job as a graphic artist, and he told me about his work in advertising. We made pleasant small talk for awhile when the conversation started turning towards more personal matters. He seemed as pleased as I was when we discovered that we were both divorced and weren't involved in any serious relationships. 

Two glasses of wine and forty five minutes later, we were still sitting on the couch and talking comfortably. I was very relaxed, partially because of the wine, but part of it was from Jeff's easygoing manner. He seemed perfectly content to sit there and talk to me, as if he thought I still needed to have my nerves soothed. I felt almost hypnotized looking into his bright blue eyes and watching his lips move as he spoke. I found myself wanting to touch him to see if I'd still be so relaxed then.

Since my divorce, with a couple of notable exceptions, I'd mainly taken things fairly slow with the men I met. I'd only met Jeff a couple hours earlier (and under most unusual circumstances!) but for some reason I had this strong feeling that I should just throw caution to the wind, somehow keep him there and just see what happened. 

Before I lost my nerve and that feeling passed, I gathered my courage and looked directly into his eyes. I didn't know what I was going to say until I heard my own voice. "Um, I know this sounds a little strange under the circumstances, but would you like to stay for dinner? I'm enjoying your company." I asked him. My heart was pounding in my ears and I actually held my breath waiting for him to answer.

**********

The ride to Tara's house went way too quickly. When we got there I was sure she'd say thanks and get out and I'd never see her again. I was making plans to ask her out when she beat me to the punch. I know I was grinning like an idiot when she asked me in for a drink. I was thinking she had to be attracted to me too. At least I was fervently hoping she wasn't just being nice.

I was daydreaming as we were heading up the path to her front porch, admiring the way her ass filled out her jeans. Somehow I managed to trip over my own two feet and bumped into Tara pretty hard. I could feel my face turning red with embarrassment. Instead of teasing me though, to her credit she merely smiled sweetly and we went inside. 

I borrowed her phone to call my office and tell them I wouldn't be back, making a point to speak loud enough so she'd hear me. It was my not-so-subtle way of telling her that I was now free of my obligations and was in no rush to leave. She poured a nice glass of wine for us, and we sat on her sofa and talked for quite awhile. We talked about work, and eventually I told her about my marriage, my divorce, and my subsequent bachelorhood. When she told me that she was also divorced and not currently involved, I started hoping against hope that she found me half as attractive as I found her. 

Tara was not only beautiful, she was sweet and intelligent as well. I thought I'd be equally happy sitting there talking to her as I would be if she let me get her clothes off her. Well, almost as happy. I couldn't help but to imagine her nude every time I looked at her. I think she would have been flattered if she saw how good she looked when I pictured her. 

I glanced at my watch and saw that it was almost 5:30 already. I was afraid she was going to tell me about something else she had to do and I'd have to leave. Instead, she told me she was enjoying my company and asked if I'd like to stay for dinner. Her pretty face was a little flushed when she asked me and I swear she held her breath waiting for me to reply.

Without a second's hesitation I answered, "I'd love to! I like your company too and I want to spend more time with you." I couldn't believe the way her face lit up. She was really happy that I'd said yes! I could feel my cock stirring in my pants when she looked me straight in the eye and said in a breathy voice, "Oh good! I was hoping you'd say that." Suddenly I felt like maybe she'd been sitting there imagining what I looked like naked too.

I offered to help her with dinner and we moved into the kitchen. We refilled our wine glasses and talked some more while we stood side by side chopping vegetables for a salad. I almost cut a finger off when I got distracted watching her. My eyes were drawn to the way her breasts jiggled attractively as she worked. She caught me looking and smiled knowingly.

She heated leftover spaghetti sauce and cooked the pasta while I finished the salad. She asked if I'd mind eating outside on the deck since it was such a nice evening. I said sure, and I helped her set the table outside. She had a great backyard, with a huge deck that was surrounded by flowers of every possible color. Standing behind a privacy fence at the corner of the deck was a hot tub, and there was a built-in gas grill a few feet from the table. 

She lit two large white candles that were sitting on the table. She made me sit, and she served me dinner while I enjoyed the view of her many well-tended flower beds. She sat opposite me and we ate a leisurely dinner while talking and laughing and sipping wine. The food was good but being able to watch her eat it was the best part of the meal.

After we'd finished we sat quietly on the deck for a while watching the sky grow dark. The temperature got more chilly, and we cleared the table by candlelight. As we put the last of the dishes in the dishwasher, Tara sighed and rubbed her neck, saying that she thought she was going to be a little sore from the car accident. When I suggested that we should soak in her hot tub, I'd like to be able to say that I only wanted her to feel better. Which I did, but the stronger thought was that in order to get in the hot tub she'd have to get mostly naked and that I'd get a much better look at her body. Maybe she'd even put on a sexy string bikini and I'd get to see it plastered to her wet, shapely body.

**********

I was able to breathe again when I heard him happily accept my offer to stay for dinner. He offered to help get things ready, and we started by cutting up veggies for a salad. We had been talking and joking when I caught him checking out my tits. There were times when I would have been bothered by such an overt stare, but this time I enjoyed it. Next thing I know I was smiling and hoping he was enjoying the view.

We ate our spaghetti and salad on the deck. Even though it was late fall, it was still pretty warm from the heat of the day. Jeff and I talked and ate, not moving until long after we were finished and it was almost full dark. 

As we got up to clear the dishes from the table, I noticed that my muscles were starting to stiffen up from the accident. When we were done with the dishes and I mentioned it to Jeff, he suggested a soak in my hot tub. His suggestion seemed somehow both innocent and mischievous as the same time, and so did his smile.

I was hit with my own streak of mischief when I realized I didn't have a bathing suit that Jeff could wear. Well, it may have been mischief, or it may have been that third (or was it fourth?) glass of wine talking when I solemnly told him that it was my custom to only get in the tub totally nude. Then I broke into a fit of the giggles when I pulled my sweater off over my head to punctuate my point.

The look on Jeff's face was worthy of being called a Kodak moment. His bottom jaw dropped open, and his gaze fell to the exposed skin of my chest. His mouth worked like he was trying to say something, but no coherent words came out. I had stunned him, but no more than I'd stunned myself. I was standing before him with my tits covered with nothing but my sheer white bra, but I wasn't the least bit self-conscious. I loved the fact that I'd left him temporarily speechless.

I flashed him my sexiest grin, then I turned and went back outside onto the deck. He followed me outside and watched as I uncovered the hot tub, then moved the candles from the deck table to the small plastic table next to the tub.

**********

I wasn't sure just what I had done right, but thirty seconds after I suggested a soak in her hot tub, she was standing in front of me minus her sweater. She was wearing a thin, almost see-through white bra. Her breasts really were quite large, and I could see the outline of her nipples through the fabric of her bra. My mouth went dry at the lovely sight. I was also trying to say something that I'm sure would have been really charming, but I just couldn't seem to make my tongue work right to speak.

Tara went outside and took the cover off the tub, then she put the two big candles where we could enjoy the light while we were in the tub. She turned to face me, her expression intense. Apparently the next move was mine.

She had been bold enough to take her sweater off first, so I thought I'd go one better. I peeled off my shirt, then undid my pants and let them fall down around my ankles. My excitement at her unexpected boldness was obvious as my cock bulged, straining at the seams of my briefs.

Tara smiled appreciatively, and her expressive brown eyes flashed with desire. Encouraged, I pulled off my briefs and my socks, and stood before her totally naked. She looked me up and down, appraising, her gaze lingering over my erection jutting out in front of me. 

Her eyes never left mine as she undid her jeans, worked them down over her hips and legs, and stepped out of them. She pushed her socks off with her toes. She was wearing sheer white panties that matched her bra. I could see the enticing shadow of her dark bush, a perfect "V" where her legs met.

She turned slowly away from me and whispered over her shoulder, "Unhook me?" I went to her and carefully undid the delicate little hooks on her bra. She pulled it off her shoulders and dropped it on the deck, then turned back to face me again. "Oh my god," I thought, "those are the most perfect breasts I've ever seen."

They were even bigger than I'd thought, at least a D-cup, and maybe even a DD. Her oval shaped nipples were large and dark pink, and they were fully erect in the cool night air. Their skin was creamy white and smooth in the candlelight. They were oh-so-touchable. And suckable. I couldn't help but imagine my face buried between them. Or my cock.
