 This is one of my earliest stories. All comments gratefully received, but I'd like to think that my newer stuff is better!

>>>>>

It was almost a cliché. Our eyes almost met across the crowded dance floor of the nightclub. But although I'd noticed her, and now couldn't stop staring, the crowds hadn't parted enough for her to see me yet...

I made my way onto the dance floor, slowly easing my way through the crowds of drunken revellers. Heading towards her. No idea what I'd do when I got there, but I knew that if I left at the end of the night without trying something, I'd never forgive myself.

I start dancing next to her. Trying not to stare. Well, not too much anyway. She's wearing a short black skirt and a tiny blue halter-top that shows off a lot of her body. She looked good enough to eat, and I intended to do just that if I got the chance. 


She was gorgeous. Young, 16 or 17 maybe? About 5'6 I guessed, although considering her high heels I wasn't to sure. Her hair was light brown, the club was too dark to see her eyes. 

And she was staring at me. I think I must have blinked in surprise because she grinned, almost laughing. But she moved closer to me, my heart rate jumped. 

I closed my eyes, not believing whets happening as she wraps her arms around me and holds me close to her. Our lips meet quite aggressively, kissing hard, searching for each other's tongues. My hand slips down her back, stroking the naked skin until I reach the top of her skirt. No objections as I moved further down, squeezing her gorgeous bum with my fingers. She moans softly and buries her head in my shoulder. I take this as an invitation to carry on and continue stroking her as we danced.

"Your place or mine?" She asks when the music stopped briefly. I almost gasped. 

She takes my hand and leads me out of the club....

She hugs me tight as we wait outside the club for a taxi. Her hand slips down the front of my trousers and starts rubbing me though my trousers... I moan softly, mmmmm, that feels soooo good!

"Thought you were having a problem down there when we were dancing." She giggles. I bury my head in her hair and let her carry on. A taxi pulls up and I sigh as her hand moves quickly. 

We kiss all through the journey home, my hands stroking her bare legs, hers holding my head so I can't stop kissing her.

The cab pulls up in my street and I pay the driver. 

"What's your name?" I ask as we head to my flat.

"Kerri." She replies. "You?"

"I'm Craig, nice to meet you!" We giggle as I open the door and I usher her in. 

"Do you want a drink?" I offer.

"No, I want you." She replies.

Blunt and to the point! I like it! I quickly lead her to the bedroom. As I watch the skirt slides down over her slim hips, revealing a tiny white throng. Then the top comes off, revealing a matching white bra.

She looks delicious! She lies down on the bed on her front, god, she looks so gorgeous in that tiny throng as it virtually disappears down between her cheeks. I'm in love!

She turns and grins at me as I admire the view. 

"Strip for me." She commands.

I'm never one to disobey a gorgeous girl lying on my bed in just her underwear!

She rolls over as I start unbuttoning my shirt. My attention is drawn from the buttons to her fingers as she spreads her legs slightly and starts rubbing her pussy through her thong. I'm having a real problem with the buttons now, but eventually I manage to get the shirt off!

Her legs spread a little wider as my trousers come down and the socks are discarded. I'm standing there in my blue silk boxers now.

"Hmm, I like them! Leave them on for now." I move onto the bed next to her and move her fingers from between her legs and replace them with mine. 

"Oh yeah..." She sighs as I massage her pussy for her, feeling the heat between her legs. My lips find hers again and her hands stroke their way down my body.

When they reach the silk my finger starts rubbing her pussy a little harder. She gently squeezes my cock through the thin silk, stoking it up and down. Much as I like the silk boxers, I really want to be touched properly now!

My finger slides inside the crotch of her thong and starts teasing her clitoris, making her gasp every time my finger rubs across it. As I'd hoped, her hand starts stroking my cock faster, and harder...

"Take these off." She pings the waistband of my boxers. At last! I stand up and slide them down slowly, my hard cock springing to attention instantly. She licks her lips and moves onto her knees in front of me.

"Do you like blowjobs Craig?" She asks with a grin, taking my cock in her hand and wanking me oh so slowly, knowing exactly what my reaction will be.

I can only nod.

"Shall I suck you now?"

"Please..." is all I manage as she strokes a little faster.

"Now?"

"Please!" She slowly reaches out with her tongue and flicks the tip of my hard shaft. I sigh loudly.

"Like that?" She asks, grinning.

"Yes!"

She takes mercy on me and after a couple more quick licks she sucks my hard cock deep into her warm little mouth. I groan as I feel her tongue working along the underside of my shaft as she pumps me with her hand.

"Mmmmmm..."

"Nice?" She asks, taking a quick breather before returning her attentions to my cock. 

"Oh yeah..."

It not too long before I feel that familiar feeling looming in my cock...

"Kerri, you'd better stop, I'm going to cum soon."

She keeps sucking, if anything, harder.

"Kerri!" I cry as I feel myself cumming in her mouth. And I feel my legs almost give way.

She licks her lips when I'm done, chasing after the stray strand of cum that escaped. 

"Not bad for a first attempt!" She giggles.

"You're kidding!" I respond, unable to believe that she'd never done that before. Must be naturally talented!

"Nope, first time. For that, and for something else." This was going to be fun!

"I think it's my turn to return the favour, don't you?" I offer. She nods.

"Where d'ya want me?" She queries as I sit down on the bed.

"Well, that's going to have to come off." I point at her soaking thong. "And the bra might as well come off as well."

She stands up and turns round. My eyes are glued to her fingers as she unclips the bra and slides the straps slowly down her shoulders. She turns back round, cupping the bra to her breasts with her hands. 

"You wanna see my tits?" She asks. I nod impatiently.

"Really?"

"You're heading for a spanking unless you do what you're told young lady." I tell her in a mock stern voice. 

"Is that a promise?" She asks. Is that a grin on her face? I think it is. I move over to sit on the edge of the bed.

"Here. Now." I command, pulling the bra from her hands as I say it. She has a fabulous little pair of breasts, but I'll have more time to admire them later. Right now I'm more interested in getting her over my lap. 

Now braless, she meekly lies over my lap, bum raised in the air, still looking delicious in that tight little white thong. She sighs softly as I start stroking her bum with my hands, squeezing softly.

SPANK!

"Owwwww!" She moans as my hand descends on her little bum.

"Going to be good next time?" I ask.

SPANK!

"YES!" 

SPANK!

"I don't believe you!"

SPANK!

"Please!" She begs, "I'll be good!"

I decide that 5 is a nice number, and after one more spank on her bum I let her stand up, her bum glowing nice and red now. 

"Now take that off." I order, pointing at the thong. 

This time it slides straight to the floor with no attempt at teasing. Someone has learnt her lesson it appears! She lies back down on the bed next to me. I kiss her passionately on the lips and let my hand wander slowly down her body, playing with her breasts for a little while, and then moving down over her stomach to her hot little pussy. She spreads her legs for me and I slide my finger back between her pussy lips, teasing her clit by stroking it a little bit and then moving away for a little while. Pretty soon she's gasping with pleasure and begging me to fuck her. Not yet though.

"I want to lick you first." I explain, watching her little face light up. "Ever been licked?" 

"No, you're my first."

I spread her legs wider and then begin to kiss my way down her body. She groans softly as I take a nipple and suck it into my mouth, rolling the other between my fingers as I do so.

"That feel nice?" I ask. Silly question really!

I kiss my way down over her stomach and then along her sensitive inner thighs, teasing her a bit. Now I'm kneeling between her open legs, her pussy spread wide in front of me. She looks delicious!

I gently slide a finger right inside her pussy, watching her face contort with pleasure as I do so. A second one joins it, moving in and out of her in a slow, gentle rhythm. Her breathing is slow and deep now, and her eyes are close, but from the look on her face, I know she's enjoying it. 

I move my head down and start running my tongue over her clit, pressing quite hard. She moans loudly with pleasure as my tongue matches the rhythm of my fingers to start with, but as she moans her appreciation my tongue accelerates. I look up from between her legs as I lick her, savouring the sight of the naked girl writhing around on my bed as she gets closer and closer to orgasm. Do I let her cum now though?

I'm tempted, but in the end my hard cock decides the issue. I think its time for Kerri to lose her virginity. 

She moans when I stop, but she does as she's told and moves so that her legs are over the edge of the bed. I kneel on the floor and spread her legs nice and wide, holding them up in the air so that her pussy is exposed. Her legs rest on my shoulders as I take my cock in my hand and start rubbing the tip of it across her now very sensitive clitoris. 

"Do you want me to fuck you?" I ask as I tease her.

"YES!" She moans, as the tip of my cock brings her closer and closer to coming. 

I take mercy on her and press the tip against her pussy, pressing gently. I watch her face as I push a little bit harder, and she feels my hard cock sliding slowly into her. Her face is a picture of ecstasy by the time my cock is fully inside her. 

"Finger your clit baby." I suggest as I start to very slowly move my cock in and out of her, her legs still resting on my shoulders as I fuck her. Her finger moves down and starts rubbing on her clitoris.

"Feel nice?" I ask.

"Oh god yeah." She moans as her breathing gets much slower and deeper. She's getting much closer to coming now, the combination of her finger and my cock taking her closer to the edge. Even after just cumming in her mouth, I start to feel myself getting closer as well. 

"I'm gonna come inside you Kerri." I tell her.

"Yeah, please baby!" She groans, feeling my strokes start to get faster and faster. Her finger matches my pace, nearly a blur as she rubs her little clitoris.

"Oh yeah!" I moan, as I feel her pussy tighten around my cock as she comes. That does it for me, much as I'm enjoying fucking her, I have to come. I start to thrust even harder now, and as her orgasm finishes, mine starts and I feel my cum shooting inside her. 

"Same nightclub next week?" She asks with a grin as I collapse down on the bed alongside her.