 Chapter 02: The Aftermath

Sandy had been stunned to learn that her father had returned much earlier than she had expected. After all, he'd gone to Paris only three days ago and here he was back already. She knew that the launch of the new antacid drug he was marketing was important to him, but just how the hell had she managed to crash cars with the one guy in this city, the creative director of the agency handling her father's new product launch, to whom her father would have, at best, antipathy, and she'd taken him to her bed and fallen very much in love with this man!

Now, she'd spent a night of reckless, and wonderful, loving with this same creative director, but she'd also made the mistake of lending her father's bathrobe to this new lover. Christ!

Worse, he was here, in her bathroom, showering off the sweat and stains from their exuberant loving, and would come out wearing the robe! This she'd HAVE to stop!

She'd hung up the intercom-phone between hers and daddy's suites, muttering something incomprehensible to him, as she dashed into the bathroom to catch Alex just emerging from the shower. She grabbed the robe before he could lay his hands on it. "Use the towels" she'd breathed at him. "I'll be back in a minute!" and then left, slamming the door behind her, leaving him nonplussed at the speed of her departure.

Pausing, she calmed herself, before picking up her bedside phone and dialing. "Daddy, I've got your robe; can I bring it in to you?" He answered that this was fine, and she hung up and trying not to rush too blindly across the apartment, knocked on the door to his suite. He opened the door and was still dressed in slacks and shirt. She offered the robe before he could even come to her with his usual kiss on the cheek.

"Erm, I'll be in the kitchen. I'll get some coffee going if you'd like some?" And swinging around, almost ran away, knowing that she looked foolish but didn't know how to face him. Her mind raced. She HAD to stop Alex from wandering around; at least, not until she explained everything to Daddy.

She met Alex in her bedroom; he had dried off and was opening a pack of the new underwear that they'd bought earlier, and still wearing the large, fluffy bath towel wrapped around his torso. Despite her frazzled mind she couldn't help but admire his physique. Everything that she'd seen last night -- and this morning -- was through a lust-filled miasma of emotions; now in the cool light of day she could re-calibrate her feelings and she was delighted to see how trim he was.

Coming back to reality with a thump, she heard her father moving into the kitchen, and confusing the hell out of Alex, stage-whispered to him "Stay here! Don't move until I come for you!" and then she rushed out of the room, leaving him staring at the closed door.

"So, sweetheart. Who's this new guy of yours? I haven't heard you mention anybody lately and I thought after that bastard Ben cheated on you, you were going to be 'off men' for a while." She poured the coffee automatically as she listened to him, desperately trying to collect her thoughts as to what to say to him.

Moving past him with the two mugs of coffee, she placed them by the side of the sofas where they would sit. "Well daddy. It's a bit of a funny story and I hope you won't be too mad at me." He looked at her puzzled, his eyes squinting as he raised the mug to his lips. She rushed on. "No, don't speak; let me finish before you say anything.

"I almost don't know where to start, but I was going out last night to see Ben and break off with him forever, but, well, I'm afraid I had an accident in the car in the snowstorm. As you can see, I'm okay. I wasn't hurt at all, but the Rolls now has a bashed-in front fender." His fear showed in his eyes and he started to stand, but she motioned for him to sit again, which he did.

"Another car hit me as I was pulling out of the driveway. I'd gotten stuck into the roadway and the other driver was moving to the right to turn at the end of the block to get to the freeway, and he hit my car sideways." Daddy again started to rise and again she motioned for him to sit still. "It was almost nobody's fault; the snow was dreadful, neither of us could see a thing and I was stupid for going out when I should have just stayed indoors!" Again, a pause but daddy didn't rise up this time, sipping again at his coffee.

"Is there much damage to the car?"

"No, daddy, not really; the other car is a lot worse, but I worked with the other driver as there was nobody else around -- it was about eight-thirty last night -- and in the end, we put both cars back in our underground parking lot. He managed to bring mine in first and then I used your second space for his car. It's still there; we were going to wait until either later today or tomorrow to get it towed away, and I was going to get hold of George, and ask him to arrange for a tow for the Rolls. I was going to send it back to where you'd bought it for me."

She paused again, plucking up the courage to broach the litany of subsequent events, although not in detail! Definitely, not in detail! She used the only thing that she could think of; her child-like ability to work the old man round her finger as she'd done over the years, especially since she was his only child; he doted on her, and since her mother had died eight years ago there was nothing that he wouldn't do for her.

"Well, what happened then?" In answer she cuddled next to him.

"Well, daddy. I know you're going to wonder if I'm going mad, but, well, Alex -- that's the name of the guy who hit me -- he couldn't get home due to the terrible snow, and, erm, well, he ended up spending the night here." She slowed, waiting for his reaction, which was a simple narrowing of his eyebrows.

"Oh daddy. It's a long story and difficult to believe -- even I have trouble with it, but I think he's THE one! We fell for each other almost instantly! He stayed with me -- at my request! -- and then he went to work this morning, met me for lunch and we were coming back here; actually we HAVE come back here to well, sort ourselves out. Our feelings are very strong right now but we wanted to work through this relationship 'sanely'." Daddy remained silent simply waiting for her to continue.

"Only, there is a problem that I've only just discovered, and I'm going to need you to remain calm for me, okay?" Again, his eyebrows furrowed as his mind raced ahead.

"My darling. I love you, have always loved you, and my concerns are only because I love you and don't wish you to have any harm come to you. Who is this fellow? I can understand maybe the impulsiveness of a quick romance, and God knows, you've met some jokers in your time, but bringing this guy into our home? What were you thinking?"

"It's not what you are thinking daddy. Yes, I was very lonely, Hearing from you about Ben just about blew me away; this guy is not rich, but he's not poor either, in fact he's a very talented creative director in an agency you know! He tried to help me as much as he could last night and the weather closed in so that he simply would not have gotten anywhere in the city; they had closed roads all over town until early this morning and it took him until about eleven today just to get a cab to his office..."

Daddy looked across at her. "I KNOW this agency?"

"Yes, Dad. They're your agency for Paracid." She looked sheepishly at him from under her eyelids. "He's Alex Norton." She waited for the explosion, but daddy simply went rigid and a flush came to his face. He stood and paced around the suite for a minute. THEN he exploded.

"How in hell's name did you end up shacking up with him? I mean, the guy's been a real idiot when it came to the campaign and I had to take control otherwise nothing would have happened for the company and this product!"

"That's where you are wrong, sir!" They both turned and looked at Alex who stood behind them, having heard what was going on and wondering why Sandy hadn't come back for him. He had been shocked to hear 'Daddy's' voice, recognizing it instantly; hell, the bastard had raged at him for hours over these last weeks and to have his professionalism impugned now -- even in the man's own home -- was too much.

Alex continued. "Sandy didn't know who the hell I was; I didn't know who the hell SHE was; and if I had, maybe things would have been different. But, they ARE what they ARE! You and I have our differences. I'm more than willing to stake my credibility against your product, but you needn't lambast Sandy because she and I DID fall for each other. Neither of us expected to happen what happened, but I'll not offer any regrets -- AND I hope to be able to continue to see Sandy, long after this meeting here!

"I'm really sorry about smashing into her Rolls; my own car is wrecked also, but all these bits of metal can easily be put back together; I just don't want your relationship with Sandy to be damaged because of your opinion of me, or in fact, mine of you!"

Sandy sat with an open mouth as Alex's voice rose to an almost-shout! Surprised that daddy didn't also shout back, she simply sat and watched the two men as they glowered at each other across the fifteen feet between them.

Alex continued before daddy could step in. "I went to the office this morning, although it was the LAST thing I wanted to do; Why? Because your damned crappy pill was re-launched last night! Launched with MY ideas -- not yours! You're a businessman, manufacturer. I'M a very good, very well-paid, creative director, and it was MY changes that meant your sales were up over sixty percent over night.

"You are simply too pig-headed to acknowledge the facts as we stated them, thinking you're God-almighty when it comes to advertising! I suggest that you stick to your business and let me stick to mine. You're paying a chunk of money to get things working; we're worth every damned penny you're spending, and today's numbers prove it! I just resent the fact that you hold the budget over us like some Sword of Damocles, when you could put at least ten people out of work, because your stupid pride might be hurt!"

He paused, suddenly realizing that he may have blown his relationship with Sandy before it even got started. He looked at her, sitting somewhat forlornly on the sofa, with maybe tears in her eyes, possibly thinking the very same thoughts. "I'm sorry Sandy. I didn't know who your father was, and this is the last thing that I would have wanted. But, I guess I'm persona-non-grata here right now, so I'll leave." He paused, looking again at daddy. "I'm sorry sir, but you've got the straight word from me. I'll leave now, and make arrangements to get my car out of here; You know my number; let me know about your car and I'll get my Insurance company to get things started. I will rent a car for Sandy, so that she's not out of pocket on this..."

He turned on his heel, and returned to the bedroom to get his jacket and shoes. Sandy leapt off the sofa and chased after him. In her bedroom she caught him and he spun around to her. "Oh Sandy. I'm so sorry. How the HELL did we end up like this?"

"Don't go" she asked. Please don't go. Let me sort it out with daddy. I'm sure that we can make things better; I don't want to lose you now." Her eyes were downcast and he couldn't help but pull her to him and clasp her in his arms. They said nothing but their emotions were palpable.

"I think it's better if I do. At least for right now. Your old man's pissed off at me. He KNOWS I'm right, but is too proud to admit it. I don't care about the bloody account anyway! I'm sick of prostituting myself for this crap. I realized this morning that I now only want to be with you, and I'll resign from the agency immediately. They can cope with your father's attitude; at least I won't have to!"

She had stepped back, away from him, her eyes blazing. "You cannot do THAT! He's a crusty old bastard, whom I love dearly, but he can also think that he's the only one with ideas. I don't know anything about his products. He wanted me to come in with him and join the firm, but I knew we'd fall out eventually, and I didn't want that to happen."

Alex shook his head sadly. "I still think it's better if I leave. Let him get over whatever shock he's feeling. You've got my cell number. Please call me, maybe later tonight? I have to go home anyway and clear up whatever mess Jenny's left me." He pulled her to him again, and squeezed her just a little. He looked down into her face and said "Look, last night was wonderful. You made me feel so vital, like I haven't for years. I'm willing to abide by whatever you want -- maybe kiss me off, or maybe we can explore where we go from here, but I need you to make that decision. I think I've fallen in love with you -- which I never expected -- and I will be sad if this is over before it's begun, but we're both -- your dad and I -- going to have to change, or reconcile with each other, to make this work..."

She had more tears in her eyes, and she moved in to cling to him. "It's not going to end. I won't allow that. I've waited too damned long for the man to come along, and I'm not going to lose you now! Go home. Do what you have to, but I'll call you ..." She looked at her watch..." in three hours -- eight o'clock, okay? -- and then we can get this train back on track!" Then she rose up on her toes, and whispered lasciviously "I want another fucking like we did last night!"

He laughed out loud, squeezing her against his chest. They held each other for a moment, and then they kissed deeply. Both held the kiss for a while, as their bodies came alive under them; she clung to his neck and said "Oh Alex, I love you!" He held her away from himself, turned and collected his jacket from the bed and slipped on his loafers.

He kissed her nose, and said "I love you too. Don't let's lose this!"

She led him to the main door; Daddy was not around having returned to his own suite. He walked across to the elevator and waited there. She couldn't bear the parting and rushed out to again quickly kiss him as the doors pinged open. "Let's speak at eight, okay?" he said, and within seconds was whisked away down to the lobby, to get George to find a cab for him.

* * * * *

As luck would have it, he did get a cab within about ten minutes, and a further thirty saw him at his apartment block. As he entered, his doorman came out from his reception desk alcove. "Erm, Mr. Norton. I hope it's okay but your lady friend left here late this morning in what I think was a very agitated state; I couldn't get much sense out of her but she was dragging some suitcases with her. Is she okay do you know?"

Alex stopped and put his arm around the guy's shoulder. "Oh I'm sure it's okay Frank. We split this morning but I couldn't get home because of the snow last night." Frank looked up at him and started to speak, but Alex stopped him; "Look, everything's okay -- though I hope she hasn't busted too much furniture! I'll go up now and check everything out, but I don't think -- actually, I hope -- she won't be coming back again. We'd 'run our course' 'cept she didn't know it, or admit to it! I hope it didn't cause you any problems?"

"No" said Frank. "I got her a cab and we loaded in the bags; I trust she didn't take anything of yours!"

Alex made his way to the elevator and into his apartment. It wasn't as bad as he feared. The bed was unmade and some sheets were strewn about and the kitchen looked like a bomb had gone off, but otherwise, at first glance, nothing seemed to be either damaged or missing. He set about clearing up the mess, dumping sheets into the washer, loading the dishwasher up with the left- over dirty cups and plates and generally trying to check out what might be missing that he couldn't see at first glance.

He rang down to Frank and asked if the cleaners were around today, and was pleased when Frank said that he could have them there first thing in the a.m. They agreed on ten o'clock for their arrival, as well as the locksmith to change the door locks. He'd have to drop the guy a few bucks to keep in his good books.

He decided to grab a shower although the one he'd had at Sandy's was only a few hours old but he needed to try and relax; he guessed he'd blown the account for the Agency, and that wouldn't go down well, but, well, fuck it! The arrogant bastard had deserved to be told the truth and maybe realize that there were people out there who not only needed the work, but were damned good at what they did, and to be treated as they had been by this prick had finally broken his tolerant nature. What was worse was the fact of where he now stood with Sandy.

As he showered he pondered the situation. Jesus. He realized that it was less than 24 hours ago that he'd whacked her car, and now here he was bemoaning the loss of her, before their affair had even started properly.

He poured himself a stiff drink and then sat at his desk, making notes about getting the Lexus towed; of his having to inform his Insurance company and thought about whether he should rent a car for himself. He'd have to get one for Sandy also. As he downed the last of the drink he stood to refill it, but the phone interrupted his thinking, and he glanced at the clock. 7:34. Hmmm?

"Hello."

A breathy Sandy came on the line. "Hi. It's me. Can you talk? Is everything okay there?" Obviously, she was talking quietly from her bedroom.

"Yeah. It's not too bad at all, and I think she must have realized the end was here, as she bailed out with her stuff around lunchtime. I'll have the cleaners in tomorrow and I'm just about to replenish the sheets and clean up my bedroom, but nothing serious." He paused and then continued. "How about you?"

"Well, I could answer that I was fine, but that'd be a lie; I'm sick with worry for you. I love daddy very much; we're all we have together, but I also know he can be an arrogant man for a lot of the time, especially when he's paying for services, and I guess he treats you and the agency staff in same the same way he treats his own staff. But, I have to forgive him all this; he's my dad after all!"

"Oh Sandy. I know that. I'm not insensitive to your feelings for your father, and the stupid thing is, that of ALL people I should crash into, it's YOU, his daughter! How the hell can you explain that with six million people in the city, and it's US that have a fender-bender?"

He paused for a few seconds, and then went on, when she was silent. "But I loved last night. We're both slightly wounded in our love-lives, and I suddenly felt that maybe, just maybe, this was meant to be. You made me so damned horny and yet so comfortable sleeping with you, that it was as if I could relax knowing that you were feeling the same way.."

He could hear her breathing into the phone and waited for her to pick up the conversation. Her comments filled him with excitement. "Look, I've talked with daddy; I got into it with him somewhat and some home-truths were told to him. I was so angry that he'd potentially screwed up a situation that even I hadn't expected to last, or to feel good about, but, as I said at the elevator, I don't want to lose you now. He offered that maybe you could either come back tonight, for some dinner, or maybe tomorrow during the day; he said you could meet at his office, or on 'neutral turf' if you were not happy coming here.

"I'd hoped you'd come here, but I know that I'd want you to stay and that might not be such a good thing, at least, just yet!" She paused and he could hear her throat catch as she went on. "I think daddy admits that he's been a bit too aggressive with you. He knows that the new sales figures of the drug have been good and I got him to admit it, which is a helluva back-down for him."
