 Chapter 07. Mark. (October 2010.)

Writing about Dan in my last story reminded me of another, much more recent, encounter with a really young guy. This one occurred in October 2010, so I would have been 46 at the time, Mark was just 19!

On my way to a travel lodge just outside the town of P, where I had a meeting planned for the following day, I passed a guy hitchhiking. A quick look in the mirror showed him to be very good looking young guy, wearing glasses, and with a rucksack on his back. I pulled over and when he came alongside learnt that he too was for heading for P, so told the boy to hop in. Stowing his rucksack in the boot he climbed in beside me.

Making conversation I discovered that he was a student called Mark and was heading home for a few days to meet up with an older brother just returned from a lengthy trip t the States.

I hadn't missed the way he eyed my legs on entering the car, my skirt as usual high up my thighs while I drove, and he continued to cast furtive looks at them.

After pulling in to a service station for petrol I popped to the loo needing to freshen up, Mark meanwhile headed for the gents. While sitting on the loo I pondered on ways to seduce the young Mark, inevitably wondering if he'd be interested in someone my age, I must seem ancient to him.

Resuming our seats in the car I deliberately allowed my skirt to ride even higher. I'm a dab hand at this and made sure there was a glint of suspender showing as I put the car into gear and moved off. Mark was clearly struggling to keep his eyes off my somewhat blatant display and it became apparent that there was an erection inside his trousers. I found it deliciously exciting to be driving along knowing that this really young guy at my side fancied me. There was no conversation now; Mark seemed unable to take his eyes off my thighs while I was wondering how to proceed from here.

I'm unfamiliar with the area but spotting a lay-by coming up I pulled in, pleased to find there were no other vehicles, and stopped at the far end of it.

"I need a short break from driving, hope you don't mind." I said, continuing the coversation to ask Mark if he had a girlfriend.

He was far too busy with his studies at the moment to consider girls he told me.

"Wrong policy. At your age you must have strong urges that need fulfilling, a build up of frustration won't help when it comes to concentrating on your studies."

His face coloured up at my words and he remained silent.

"You haven't taken your eyes off my legs for ages. Perhaps you'd like a feel."

So saying I took Mark's hand and placed it on my thigh. Yes I know it was a bit blatant but it did the trick because not only did he leave his hand on my thigh but moved it up to the flesh above my stocking top!

"You're very attractive." Mark breathed, his fingers describing circles on my inner thigh. "I want you!"

No problem there, the gorgeous young lad could certainly have me!

I slid lower in the seat, my legs drifting apart with a will of their own. Marks fingers continued to stroke my thighs and he leaned across to kiss me. Groping for his crotch I found a large and very hard bulge. Promising!

He plainly wasn't as shy as I'd first thought because with tongue probing my mouth Mark's fingers wormed their way feverishly inside my panties. Inevitably my legs drifted even further apart. With his fingers moving slowly up and down the length of my slit, spreading it open in quest of my clitoris, we were oblivious of passing traffic separated only by a hedge.

"You're very wet," he murmured, his fingers penetrating me now.

"Well that's your doing!" I gasped, Mark's thumb rubbing my clit while his fingers continued to push in and out of my cunt.

Sinking still lower in the seat, skirt bunched up around my waist, I found myself moaning almost continuously and knew that Mark's relentless fingers driving in and out of me, coupled with his delightful manipulations to my clit were rapidly bringing me to orgasm. When it hit me I yelled, my ecstatic cries quickly stifled by Mark pressing his lips to mine. I think he was a bit nervous because despite being parked at the other end from us, a couple of cars had entered the lay-by unnoticed by me in my orgasmic pleasure. 

I pushed Mark gently back in his seat, the lad sliding lower to get out of sight as I unzipped him.

"My turn." I told him, freeing his erect penis with difficulty.

With my hands cupping Mark's balls I lowered my mouth to his penis. It was his turn to moan now as I ran my tongue repeatedly round and round the glans, my finger nails lightly raking his balls.

"Oh God," he moaned when I took his cock into my mouth. As I sucked he bucked up and down in his seat, his cock slipping in and out of my mouth. I guessed he wouldn't last long but was taken by surprise nevertheless when hot semen erupted into my mouth. I tried to swallow it all but the task proved impossible and a copious amount ran down Mark's cock. He slumped in his seat looking decidedly happy while I continued to lick his cock, endeavouring to remove every last drop from it.

The other cars had gone now, as unnoticed by me as their arrival had been, and Mark visibly relaxed to find we had the lay-by to ourselves again. 

"Not in a hurry are you?" I stroked his cock as I asked the question, Mark shaking his head.

I slipped out of my panties, tossing them onto the rear seats, and pulled Mark's head down. He knew what I wanted and although it wasn't that easy in the confines of the driver's seat; we really should have transferred to the rear, his tongue managed to find my cunt. I played with the lads cock and balls while he licked away at my cunt manfully, despite his obvious discomfort. 

His cock was erect; it had barely diminished at all following his ejaculation, so I told him to slip his trousers and pants down,

"I want to ride your lovely cock."

After a quick look round, happy to see the lay-by still empty, Mark pushed his lower garments down to his ankles. The car windows were beginning to steam up by this time as well, making us a little more private.

I straddled him, sinking down joyously on Mark's erection, the lads moan merging with my own cry of joy. His hands instinctively gripped my bottom as I began riding Mark's cock, the lad thrusting upwards to meet me. Holding firmly on to Mark's shoulders I bounced up and down and although seeing a car pull into the lay-by there was no way I was going to stop! Mark couldn't see the car anyway otherwise he might have wanted to stop, although he was probably past the point of caring himself by this time.

On and on I went, wildly riding his thrusting cock, my ecstatic cries echoing around the car interior. 

Several guys emerged from the newly arrived car, stretching their limbs before slowly walking our way. I closed my eyes then, unconcerned by the approaching guys as I rode Mark's thrusting cock aware that we were both on the verge of coming. Then we were thrashing wildly in joint orgasm, oblivious of the guys looking in the car.

It was when I lifted myself off the lads cock and resumed my seat that Mark spotted the three grinning faces peering in at the steamy windows, and looking extremely embarrassed quickly covered himself up. 

One of the voyeurs gave a thumbs up while another motioned for me to wind the window down. I ignored the request but felt no qualms about sitting with legs spread to clean myself with tissues.

It wasn't a situation I'm unfamiliar with anyway because a few years earlier hubby developed an interest in dogging so I would have had no compunction about opening a window to these guys. Mark though was very embarrassed and eager to go.

After dropping him off I located the travel lodge and checked in. After enjoying a long shower I rang hubby to tell him about my latest adventure and when I got to the bit about the watching guys he commented that it was a pity I hadn't wound down the window, no telling what it might have led to.

"Perhaps you'd have ended up having four cocks instead of just the one!"