 Chapter 11. Tom. (August 2000).

I had noticed an interesting looking independent shoe shop during a previous visit to the town and now with time on my hands decided to take a look. I was browsing the shoes when an assistant approached and asked if I needed any help. He was a young lad, barely 20 I thought, and as I was about to try on a shoe decided it might be fun to tease him, particularly as there weren't any other customers in the shop at the time. Sitting, I asked if he'd assist me while I tried the shoe for size. 

"Certainly Madam," he replied, kneeling on the carpeted floor.

Deliberately showing plenty of leg I was amused to see the lad growing warm as he eased the shoe onto my foot.

"Hmm not bad, let me try some different ones."

I was enjoying myself teasing the lad and by the time he returned with two or three more shoes for me to try had hitched my skirt still higher. I've no idea how much he could see, certainly my stocking tops and perhaps more, but as he helped me try on more shoes the flustered lads face grew redder by the minute.

Deciding on a pair of shoes I liked we went over to the till. The older guy behind it told the youngster he could go as it was nearly closing time.

"Turn the sign over to closed on your way out."

Finishing my transaction, the guy handed me the till receipt saying, "You shouldn't tease the lad like that, I saw you flashing your knickers."

"Just a bit of harmless fun."

"Might be harmless fun to you but you got my son all worked up there, and all for nothing. He's probably gone off feeling frustrated."

"I didn't realize he was your son, perhaps it was a bit thoughtless of me." I said feeling a bit chastened, and the guy explained that it was a family business, his wife helping out with the paperwork. 

"Maybe I ought to have a bit of fun with you, a sort of payback, give you a good spanking for teasing my son." He was eyeing me speculatively as he spoke.

"Maybe you're right; perhaps my thoughtless behaviour should be punished." I replied, feeling excited by this unexpected turn of events.

He stared at me while I slipped my purse back into my bag.

"Go through to my office," he indicated a door to the right. "I'd better lock the door; it's well past closing time."

"Why would you want me to go to your office?" I enquired all innocent.

"To administer your punishment of course," he said briskly. "Put you across my knee and give you the spanking you deserve for teasing my son."

Excitement mounting I entered his office, the guy joining me seconds later. Pulling a chair out from behind his desk, the guy introduced himself as Tom, 45. 

"You're nearly ten years older than me then." I told Tom, I've no idea why, perhaps to emphasize Tom's seniority to me the way he had mine to his son. 

I draped myself across his lap as instructed and Tom began spanking my backside, stopping after three or four smacks.

"This is no good, too much cushioning."

So saying Tom pulled my skirt up to my waist. My panties were pulled down just enough to expose my bottom and the spanking resumed.

Holding me down across his lap with one hand Tom spanked my bottom, the blows becoming harder all the time, as did his breathing. Spreading the blows evenly he slapped my two tender cheeks while I wriggled about on his lap squealing.

"Good, I've made your bum bright red, the way you made my son's face."

Tom told me to stand up and I smoothed my skirt down but stood before him, panties round my thighs, as I asked if I could go.

"Don't know about that. I've got the key see," he dangled it in front of me.

Despite looking flushed and excited Tom seemed tense.

"What are you going to do then?"

"Get those knickers off, bend over my desk and you'll find out." Tom was standing up undoing his trousers, his intention plain. 

I slipped out of my panties and swept papers from his desk on to the floor before bending over the end of it like he said. Pushing my skirt up Tom's hand delved between my thighs.

"Your cunts sopping!" Tom exclaimed. "This is what you need."

His cock drove into me and I yelled at the suddenness of it. Face down over Tom's desk I gripped the edges of it almost desperately as his cock pounded in and out of me. He gripped my thighs, fingers digging into the flesh, while he fucked me roughly.

"This is what sluts like you need," he shouted suddenly as his body slamming up to mine, balls squashed against my thighs, he came.

Gasping, an over excited Tom staggered backwards and snatched a ruler from the floor. He whacked by bare bottom with it and I yelled but made no attempt to resist as the blows continued, growing in intensity with each one. This was far more painful than the earlier spanking and I howled almost continuously.

"You loved every minute of it." The insightful Tom taunted before throwing the ruler down.

"Let that be a lesson to you," he panted. "Don't go about teasing innocent youngsters. Now put your knickers on slut and get out of her, my wife's due any minute to do the days paperwork."

Barely allowing me time to wipe myself Tom hustled me from the shop and slammed the door behind me.