 Chapter 23. (Nov 2003)

Part A. Alan, Hotel Manager. 

For my second visit to the firm in W, the Chairman, in anticipation of another late finish, had already booked me into the same hotel as two months earlier so naturally I was looking forward to renewing my acquaintance with Simon, the night porter.

The negotiations again proved to be long and drawn out but at least this time I arrived at the hotel early enough for the evening meal.

While checking in at reception I complimented the hotel on having an highly efficient and helpful night porter, explaining my late arrival of two months ago. The receptionist replied that Simon had proved his worth time and time again during the three years or so that he'd been with the hotel but was currently away on holiday. I tried to hide the disappointment I felt at the news. 

The hotel manager was in reception at the time and said that the day porter was currently occupied preparing a function room so he'd escort me to my room personally.

"We like to look after our returning guests Mrs. P****," he smiled, picking my case up from the floor.

Unlocking the door he ushered me inside with a flourish, commenting that he hoped I'd find the room more amenable than the one I'd been given previously at short notice. It certainly was a well appointed room, one of the best he told me.

"Perhaps I could offer you a guided tour of our historic hotel, show you the Priest's hole for instance, once you've had a chance to settle in."

Telling Alan I hadn't known there was a Priest's hole I expressed an interest in seeing it once I'd showered and changed. There should be ample time before the restaurant closed.

Well he took me on a tour of the hotel and as promised pointed out a number of interesting features I wouldn't otherwise have noticed. It was inside one of the function rooms that he brought me to a halt and asked if I could tell where the Priest's hole was located. After a careful study of the walls I said that an area beside the large old fireplace seemed the most likely but couldn't see any indications to suggest it was there.

"Clever girl." Alan said and pressed what to all intent and purpose seemed just a normal knot in the woodwork.

"There, take a look," he said when a panel swung open.

Alan followed me inside the cramped Priest's hole and the panel closed again making it practically impossible to see anything in the musty and gloomy space.

"Don't think I'd much fancy hiding in here." I told him.

"Not frightened of ghosts are you? The hotel's reputed to be haunted but I've never seen anything." Alan's disembodied voice came out of the darkness.

"There's nothing very ghostly about the hand on my bottom, it feels all too human!"

Alan's laughter echoed strangely in the confined space and I found myself pushed up against the wall. Suddenly a small gap appeared and Alan told me it was a spy hole into the room. Following his suggestion I put my eye to it and found that I could see nearly the entire room. Alan, who had continued to grope my bottom while I looked through the spy hole, now closed it again shutting off what little light it afforded.

"Bet you don't know how to open the panel from inside do you?"

"Of course not, I'm pretty much at your mercy."

I was back up against the wall then, a still chuckling Alan lifting my skirt. When he pressed up against me I realised that Alan must have lowered his trousers at some stage, presumably while I was looking through the spy hole.

"Open your legs," he urged, fingers hooking the crotch of my panties to one side.

"Your cunt's already wet; you're up for this aren't you?" Alan chuckled yet again, his fingers sliding in and out of me.

I made no reply but then yelled at the suddenness of entry when his cock drove into me. Alan fucked me urgently, the strength of his thrusts lifting me up onto the tips of my toes.

I hadn't had intercourse standing up for ages and found it exciting to be doing so inside the Priest's hole, despite the discomfort of the cramped and musty nature of it.

"Yes, yes yes." Alan was muttering and grunting between thrusts, but then pressed his lips to mine when he came, releasing his semen into my depths.

Once we'd regained the room it was necessary to check our clothing as it had been impossible to do so properly in the Priests hole. After a kiss he left me to find my own way back to my room where I just had time to shower before the evening meal.

Part B. Scott, Head Chef.

A bit later I decided to go down to the hotel bar for a nightcap. I sat on a stool at the bar, showing plenty of leg as ever, and chatting to the barman whenever there was a lull in his serving duties. I was just wondering whether to have a second drink when the head chef came in for a drink before going home. I didn't know he was the chef until the barman introduced me to him as such, commenting to the guy that on my previous stay at the hotel two months earlier I'd arrived too late to grace the bar with my presence.

"I heard about that, you must be Sandi!" 

The significance of his exclamation escaped me until much later.

His name was Scott, a rather fat guy in his late thirties, and his offer of a drink decided me to stay for just one more.

Later I declined another drink saying I was going to bed. Scott stood up and finishing his drink with one gulp said he'd walk me to my room. As we left I noticed him wink at the barman and found myself thinking there must be something about me, some sort of aura perhaps, which sends out signals of availabity judging by the number of guys who come on to me.

As we walked up the wide creaking staircase, Scott commented that my room was in the best part of the hotel as it overlooked the courtyard at the rear rather than the noisy street out front. Arriving at the door I unlocked and opened it, smiling at Scott and telling him how much I'd enjoyed the meal earlier.

"I put as much attention on the finer points of cooking as I do lovemaking," he replied following me into the room. "Maybe you'd like to sample that as well."

My reply was to kiss the guy before undoing his trousers. Kneeling, I pulled Scott's nether garments down and took his semi erect cock in my hand. Rolling the foreskin back I licked round and round the bulbous purple glans, Scott gasping and grunting. Then, taking advantage of his somewhat sparse growth of pubic hair I licked Scott's balls, soon taking them into my mouth.

"Oh bloody hell," he groaned.

Next I took the guys cock into my mouth deciding to suck him off as he was growing more and more excited by the minute. It was a calculated risk because I also wanted him to fuck me and not all guys are capable of quick recovery!

Within seconds I tasted pre cum and grabbing my hair Scott forced his cock down my throat as he discharged. 

Once I'd licked the last drop from his cock I stood up and undressed, Scott shedding his clothes more slowly while recovering his breath. I sat naked on the end of the bed asking Scott to show me if his tongue was as skilful between my thighs as his hands were for cooking. Laying back I spread me legs wide, pleased to see his cock was already rising again.

Well his previous boast about care and attention proved very true and I was soon squealing excitedly as his tongue worked no my cunt. With his hands on my breasts, fingers rubbing my nipples, while he tongue my clit, Scott had me writhing and yelling in orgasm, excitedly squeezing his face between my thighs.

"For the final course, the dessert as it were, lay down and I'll ride you." I told Scott; like I said earlier he was a big man.

His cock was fully erect and raring to go when I lowered myself onto him. Scott moaned while I uttered my usual cry of pleasure as his cock speared into me. I began to ride it, Scott thrusting upwards to meet me, his hands plucking at my bouncing breasts. Then I leaned right back, supporting myself with my hands near the end of the bed, and drove my body rapidly back and forth against his cock. It's an awkward position and not one I can hold for very long but I love it and repeated the move several times, Scott quickly discovering how much I like my clit being rubbed at the same time. 

It was as I yelled in orgasm that I heard Scott exclaim, "Christ, Simon said you were a hot fuck!"

Regaining the upright position I resumed my ride of Scott's cock. Asking about his comment I learnt that not only had Simon boasted to him about his conquest of two months earlier but it was also common knowledge among staff members. That explained his wink to the barman and both his and Alan's assumption that I was available for sex!

I rode Scott's thrusting cock, rubbing and squeezing his nipples, until he came, jets of cream spurting into me.

It was as I was dozing off later that I heard a tap on the door and the barman's voice. I was tempted to let him in but knowing I'd almost certainly be returning to the hotel at least once more, decided to keep him in reserve as it were!