 My work colleague, Diane, and I were asked to go to our head office in France for some training on the new IT system being implemented. Neither of us was too impressed about the trip.

We arranged for me to pick her up; so three weeks later, early on Monday morning, I pulled into their driveway. I got out of the car and knocked on the front door.

Her husband Jim answered the door, dressed just in pyjamas. He invited me in, explaining that Diane was still packing and getting ready upstairs. Moments later she shouted down the stairs, asking if one of us could help with her suitcase. I offered, went upstairs, and carried the suitcase down. Diane followed behind me, wearing a free-flowing summer dress. 

As we made our way out the front door, Jim kissed her and cheekily squeezed her butt. "Make sure you take of her," he said.

"You can count on me being a gentleman," I replied and thought nothing of it. Just two work colleagues, very different in age, going on a business trip.

Let me describe Diane to you readers. She's a fifty-four-year-old lady with short, hazel-coloured hair, a full -- but not excessive -- chest, and great legs in my opinion. The kind of lady that reminds you of a librarian.

She had always looked great in the ten-plus years I have worked with her. It must have something to do with her not having any kids and her being an excessive gym bunny. Personally, I had always found her attractive, as her body is neither slim nor fat. She's just a genuine, real woman. She tended to hide her body away, which was a real shame. She was always complaining how fat she is ... which wasn't the case. I had always thought she was kind of prudish, as some of the risqué conversations in the office would make her face turn bright red; how wrong I was.

The trip to France was uneventful and we arrived just after midday at the hotel. Diane went ahead of me to get us both checked in, while I wheeled both of our cases inside the lobby. 

Diane stood at the front desk, not looking too impressed; but I was too far away to hear the conversation between her and the receptionist. She started walking toward me. No reservation was made for her, she said, and the hotel was fully booked; but the room allocated to me had two separate bedrooms. Would I mind sharing with her? 

"Why would I mind?" I asked.

We made our way to the room. It turned out to be extremely spacious and certainly wouldn't be an issue for the both us sharing the room for a week.

A few days had passed uneventfully; both Diane and myself were exhausted each night, as the training was quite intensive. 

"Why don't we grab a pizza and couple bottles of wine this evening?" I suggested. 

"Great idea," she said. "While you're out fetching the food and wine, I'll go have quick a shower." 

When I got back to the room, Diane had changed into the hotel bathrobe. 

"Why don't you grab a quick shower before we eat, and I'll get the table ready?" she suggested.

After I showered, I decided to do the same as Diane and wear the hotel bathrobe. It felt much more comfortable. I moved into the lounge area and sat next to Diane on the sofa. We chatted and ate and drank and before we knew it the pizza had gone and the first bottle of wine had disappeared. Diane poured us both another glass. 

"I wish I'd brought different shoes with me, as the ones I brought are new and hadn't been broken in," she said.

"Would you like me to massage your feet for you?" I suggested. 

She was a little hesitant at first but she agreed, and lifted her legs into my lap. I gently but firmly massaged her foot; I could tell it felt good to her, as she started wriggling about in the seat. Slowly I worked my hands up to her lower calves. She had no objections in me touching her. 

"Wow, that feels good," she said. 

"I bet you didn't know I was a fully certified massage therapist," I said.

"No, I didn't," she responded. 

"Diane, tell me something that I don't know about you," I said, as I continued to massage her feet and calves,.

"Like what?" she asked.

"So, how about I start, then."

"Okay," she mumbled.

"Nicola and I enjoy swapping partners."

"What?!"

"Yes, we enjoy swapping partners and have played with your neighbours just around the corner from you; just last month, if you remember, you saw us together."

"Yes, I remember now. Oh, wow, you're telling me you and Nicola had sex with Tim and Jackie?"

"Yes."

"But they are both similar ages to Jim and myself."

"Yes, I know. What's wrong with that? Both Nicola and I enjoy playing with older playful couples, and Tim and Jackie enjoyed playing with us, and to add, it was their first time swapping partners too."

Diane must have noticed me turning a little red, as there was no hiding my growing bulge underneath my bathrobe; but she said nothing.

"So, your turn now."

"Really? Let me think," she said as she took a swig of wine. "Okay, I have only ever had sex with one man." 

"Really? I'm surprised about that," I said. 

She said it was true, as she was never that adventurous. I could tell Diane was curious, as she changed the subject. "How many couples of the age of fifty have you two played with?" she asked.

"Only three couples and one single guy. It's not a lifestyle thing, but we do love the experience of playing with mature couples. And," I added, "Nicola finds men with silver hair a big turn-on, and I enjoy watching her having sex with other men."

"Wow, that must be an amazing experience for you both."

"Absolutely, it's about having fun in a safe environment, with like-minded people."

"Good on you both that you're so adventurous," she said.

"How about I show you my massage techniques?" I suggested. "I'm sure you could do with one, going by how tense your calves are."

"I'm not sure about it."

" What's the problem?" I asked. 

"I'm embarrassed about my body." 

"Don't be silly, you look lovely."

She pondered for a while, and got up. "Give me five minutes before you come in," she said.

A few minutes later she shouted, "I'm decent!" So I made my way into her bedroom where she was laying on her stomach with a towel covering her mid-section. Some cocoa butter moisturiser was next to her. I squeezed some lotion onto my hands and applied it to her back gently. She felt really tense but I must have hit the spot, as she started to moan and said how good it felt. I asked Diane if she would mind me removing my bathrobe as it was getting in the way, to which she had no objections. 

I started slowly working my way down her body and she felt comfortable with me touching her. After ten minutes or so, I moved down to her mid-section and slowly slid my hands under the towel and worked the cocoa butter into her perfectly shaped arse. Her body started twitching and responding to my touches. My cock was hard and was throbbing in my shorts, which Diane had noticed. 

"Take them off if they are uncomfortable," she suggested, to my surprise. 

I didn't need asking twice; my hard cock sprung to life as I released my cock from my shorts with Diane watching my semi-hard cock growing in front of her. 

"Roll onto your back, I haven't finished the massage," I said as I removed the towel exposing her trimmed hairy pussy. I could see how wet she was. I climbed on the bed and sat on her legs and started massaging breasts and arms, while my was cock resting on her pubic mound but no penetration. 

"The next part of the massage involves my tongue," I said, "and are you happy for me to continue?" 

"I'm not sure what you mean,."

"How about I show you?"

"Err, not sure about that." 

"Let me show you and I promise to be gentle, and at any time tell me to stop."

"Okay then." 

"I got off her and spun her round so her legs were hanging over the edge of bed. I knelt down and placed her legs on my shoulders. I gently parted her legs and gently proceeded to lick her moist pussy, which tasted so sweet and smelt intoxicating. Licking from top to bottom. I pulled away to ask her how it felt, and with a cheeky grin she said, "You need to do it again." 

"Close your eyes and relax," I told her. I stood up and rubbed my throbbing cock which was leaking pre-cum between her swollen clit. 

"Oh, that felt amazing. Do it again, please." 

So I did; but this time I applied a little more pressure. The head of my cock entered the entrance of her moist pussy. I made sure not push it in too far without her telling me to make love to her.

"Stop," she said, "I want you to make love to me in front of Jim. Please will you do that for me when we get back? 

"Absolutely; maybe your husband would let me suck his cock, too." 

"What, you're bi-sexual too?"

"Yes," I replied. 

"I'm going to cum so hard; please, lick me again." 

I kneeled on the floor and parted her swollen lips as I tongue-fucked her. Within a matter minutes she came all over my face, which I think she was a little shocked at what a mess she had made. She lay on her back, recovering, in the afterglow, and said, "Thank you for a wonderful experience." She sat up and kissed me full on the lips and said she needed to sleep. 

I pulled the covers over her and left her bedroom.