 Chapter 33. Sir DB. (Early May 1987).

For my fifth formal appraisal the senior partner told me he'd like to do it on Saturday morning.

"Give you a bit of lunch somewhere afterwards," he said.

I was surprised, not only by his unexpected and uncharacteristic display of sociability, but also because my previous four formal appraisals had been very stiff and conventional affairs, taking place in his office during the normal working day. Even my colleagues in the office agreed it seemed a very uncharacteristic arrangement, someone making a comment that I should feel honoured. Maybe it was simply that at the end of my fifth period of training important decisions about the future direction of my career had to be made. That being so, maybe Sir DB wanted the serious nature of the appraisal to be lightened afterwards by a meal, a meal I wasn't looking forward to! The dry and ultra serious senior partner, a guy rarely seen to smile, wasn't likely to be an entertaining host but I suppose I would have to put up with his company.

Kishor, citing a new relationship, had ceased visiting me a couple of weeks earlier and Pravin wasn't due this weekend so at least a Saturday at the office wouldn't impinge too much on my social and sexual life. Still, it was a nuisance I thought to myself during the tube journey.

The tall imposing figure of Sir DB was waiting at the door when I arrived at the office and ushered me inside with barely a greeting, beyond mentioning that I was late. 

My appraisal took place in his office and ever a stickler for protocol Sir DB meticulously went through every aspect of my work, not only the last four month segment, but also the previous four segments as well, eventually commending me on my exemplary performance in all aspects of legal work.

"Though I couldn't say the same about your personal conduct," he finished off.

I looked at him quizzically, wondering what on earth he meant. Sir DB seemed ill at ease now and when he spoke it was in short rushed comments, to the effect that my morals left a lot to be desired.

"Or lack of morals I should say."

I asked what he meant and Sir DB explained that having noticed certain things in his office weren't as they should be he questioned the cleaning supervisor whether they had a new cleaner. On hearing it was still the same team he hit on the idea of installing a hidden camera to ascertain what was going on. 

"Look at the box files behind you. The one in the middle of the row has a false back and once you know, the camera is really quite easy to see."

I felt myself growing warm as I turned to look. The wall opposite his desk contained some shelves which held, amongst other legal books and documents, a row of box files. Indeed, the one he indicated did look different from the others, although I wouldn't have seen the camera if he hadn't pointed it out.

Turning back towards Sir DB my face felt on fire as the import of his speech about my morals became apparent.

"Let's see what the camera revealed to my innocent eyes shall we?" he said. "I must admit to experiencing a profound shock to witness your behaviour with not one, but two couriers on this very desk. My desk!" his final words practically a shout.

I'd noticed a television and video player on a table by the door when we entered and though I'd never seen the equipment there before had thought nothing of it. Sir DB now placed two chairs facing the screen before switching both television and video player on.

Sitting beside Sir DB watching the video proved to be the most embarrassing and nerve racking experience of my life. Though the picture quality wasn't great my features were clearly recognisable as I enjoyed myself with first Liam and then, after Sir DB pressed fast forward for a minute or so, Tim.

"In all there are four incidents of your lewd behaviour recorded on tape, two with each man. You have the morals of an alley cat young lady and disgust me."

I remained silent, deeply embarrassed and wondering what he intended doing with his 'evidence'.

"You must admit Miss H***** that your behaviour is appalling for someone with aspirations of rising in our profession."

My silence continuing, the senior partner went on, "It seems to me that you lack the benefit of an authoritative father figure in your life at the moment and are in need of discipline to get you back on track, young lady."

Standing, Sir DB moved his chair to the centre of the room and sitting down commented, "My desk will carry memories of your disgusting and repulsive behaviour whenever I'm working here now. I need to punish you to help erase the images."

Despite his haughty demeanour I could tell Sir DB was feeling nervous as avoiding eye contact he told me to drape myself over his lap. Feeling nervous myself I did as Sir DB said and the guy seeming to relax a bit.

"You need a good spanking to teach you the error of your ways," he said. "First though I need to remove a layer of padding."

He pulled my long pleated skirt up and over my bottom, his breath coming in short gasps, and then yanked my tights down.

With his hand resting on my panties clad bottom Sir DB told me he didn't really want to punish me but had no choice but to teach me a lesson for abusing his desk.

'Yes, right' I thought cynically as he began spanking me. 

Not for long though.

"Still too much padding," he grunted, his voice hoarse.

My panties were yanked down and the spanking resumed. Breathing heavily Sir DB walloped my backside with the palm of his hand, spreading the slaps between each cheek, and sometimes hitting the tops of my thighs for a change.

It seemed to go on for an age and my backside was stinging by the time the spanking ceased.

"Your bottom and thighs are bright red," he told me with quavering voice. "It's a pity you made me do that."

His hand was resting on my bottom, slowly caressing the stinging flesh, until he impulsively pushed it between my thighs. He caught his breath before breathing out noisily as his fingers penetrated me.

"You're very wet," he stuttered. "Can see why the men are attracted to you."

Calling me a harlot Sir DB was fingering me at a rapid, almost frantic pace and I knew this little episode wouldn't end with just the spanking. Suddenly though his fingers were removed and I felt both hands on my bottom. He pulled the cheeks apart and held them thus, breathing stertorously as he studied my anus. We remained like that for some time as he studied me closely.

"Quick, on your knees," he suddenly urged.

I knelt on the thick pile carpet and found his standing over me, flies undone with penis and balls exposed.

"Lick my balls," he commanded, quickly averting his eyes when I glanced up at him.

While I licked the crinkly folds of flesh he told me I was a very naughty girl. However, when I sucked his balls into my mouth his words died away. Suddenly the senior partner pushed me full length on the carpet and feverishly yanked my tights and panties right off. With my skirt bunched up high Sir DB moved on top of me. Without thinking I flung my legs wide and he drove his penis into me.

"I didn't want to do this but you've provoked me to it. You're an out-and-out harlot Sandra."

With that he began fucking me. 'Hypocrite' I thought, clinging to the guy, my body responding automatically to his thrusting penis.

When it was over Sir DB readjusted his clothing, looking his usual stern and serious self. Having removed my skirt to try to smooth the creases out I needed the loo.

"Use my private one. Can't have you traipsing half naked through the offices."

I hadn't known there was a toilet attached to his office until Sir DB showed me the partially concealed door. His demeanour suddenly changing again, Sir DB babbled that he wanted to watch and followed me inside. Feeling uncertain and confused by his presence I nevertheless sat down on the loo.

"No, not like that. Stand on the edge of the toilet bowl and then squat so I can see fully," he babbled, his eyes everywhere but on mine.

Despite feeling embarrassed I was desperate to pee by this time so with his assistance climbed onto the toilet and squatted. The flow began almost immediately and the excited senior partner knelt and placing his hands on my knees, parted them further. With his eyes glued to the stream of urine streaming from my body Sir DB was almost apoplectic with excitement. In his overwrought state Sir DB was muttering incoherently, his face actually between my legs at one point in his eagerness to watch me peeing.

Once I'd finished though he couldn't get rid of me quick enough. Saying I was an evil harlot to have driven him to do the things he'd done, Sir DB told me to, "Dress and get out; you've sullied my office with your filthy ways long enough."

At least I didn't have to endure a boring with him, after all.

During the remainder of the weekend I thought a great deal about my experiences with the senior partner and the unexpected side of him thus revealed.

During Monday afternoon I had cause to visit the senior partner's office with papers needing his signature. Though unable to look me in the eye at first, Sir DB seemed his usual pompous self but no longer feeling in awe of the guy I perched nonchalantly on his desk.

"What do you think you're doing? Stand up immediately," he said, his eyes on my legs.

I remained where I was and as he hurriedly completed his check of the documents, said quietly, "We know each other too intimately for me to feel intimated by your reputation any longer."

"Get out," he snapped, pushing the signed documents towards me.

Ignoring them I told Sir DB I needed the loo, wondering if I'd unconsciously timed my visit to ensure a full bladder.

"Your private one is so much better appointed than the general office toilets I'll use that."

I slipped from his desk and walked towards the partially concealed door, and feeling in control of the situation called over my shoulder, "Coming?"

Sir DB quickly followed me inside saying I was a very naughty girl. I removed my dress, tights and panties before climbing onto the toilet bowl unaided. Squatting, I began urinating, amused to see his reaction. Sir DB was grovelling on the floor, a gibbering wreck of a guy, as he stared hungrily between my thighs.

When I'd finished he helped me down rather forcefully, muttering, "On your hands and knees."

I simply did as he said without a murmur, aware Sir DB was undoing his trousers so knew exactly what was coming. I felt his hands on my back then, shaking fingers undoing my bra. He threw it aside leaving me completely naked on his toilet floor.

Driving his penis into me Sir DB lunged over to grab my swaying breasts.

"I don't want to see your face you temptress, you Jezebel."

His words were practically a snarl as he began fucking me.

When it was over Sir DB insisted on spanking me, saying I deserved it for leading him astray.

"You're a very naughty girl," he muttered from time to time while spanking me.

Emerging from his private loo a little later I found Sir DB seated at his desk as though nothing had happened. He ignored me as I made my exit and I didn't see the guy again for several days. On the Friday though I was told by the office manager that there would be a late courier and Sir DB wanted to brief me about it.

This time I knocked on the senior partner's door before entering as other members of staff were in the vicinity who would have it odd if I'd simply walked straight in. 

After telling me about the expected courier Sir DB went on to say, "Probably be one of your lovers so I'm sure you won't mind staying on for him."

"Is the camera still there?"

"No," he replied in quavering voice, and avoiding eye contact told me he'd be returning to the office himself when the cleaners had left.

"Why? Do you want to watch," I teased, my suspicions aroused.

Continuing to avoid eye contact Sir DB told me he'd remain out of sight in the wash room.

"Just do all the things you normally do with the courier," he said. "Now get out."

Later, Sir DB left the offices along with the rest of the staff but must have hung about somewhere in the vicinity because he returned directly the cleaners had gone. He didn't say a word but looking very sheepish Sir DB disappeared inside his private toilet.

The courier turned out to be Liam. He didn't seem unduly surprised when I took him straight to the senior partner's office instead of the preliminaries taking place in the general office. Liam probably appreciated it actually because he was always in a rush to go afterwards and this would save a bit of time.

Anyway, we had sex and if Liam thought I was a bit preoccupied he didn't mention it. In fact I could think of little but the beady eyes of Sir DB watching our intimacies from his hiding place.

As expected Liam dressed speedily afterwards and remarking only that I didn't seem in any hurry to put the objects back on the desk, made his departure.

Immediately Liam had gone Sir DB emerged from the toilet, naked from the waist down, his erection leaving no doubt as to his intention.

"Face down over the desk you dirty bitch, same as you were for him."

With a sense of the inevitable I did as instructed and after urging me to spread my legs more with a fierce slap to my buttocks, he drove into me. Calling me a filthy little slut Sir DB began fucking me and for once his comment struck home. After all, about ten minutes earlier Liam's penis had been inside me and now the senior partners was there instead!

Continuing to call me an evil bitch and wicked seductress, Sir DB fucked me with rapid penis thrusts. He was leaning over my back having seized my breast in his hands and it seemed as if I was literally pinned down to the desk by the weight of his body as he fucked me. 

Sir DB kept his penis buried inside me when he came, muttering that I was a whore to have taken two men so quickly. Ignoring my comment that I'd had little choice he withdrew telling me to stay where I was. As expected Sir DB began spanking me; to assuage his own sense of guilt I surmised though of course he blamed me for everything that had happened.

"You've sinned to the flesh girl," he snapped, suddenly sounding all religious. "I need to cure your carnal desires and rid you of lust."

He was spanking me harder and harder by this time and my screams were echoing around his office. Why was he so angry I wondered. Was he angry at losing control of himself and taking it out on me? Perhaps to calm his own guilt feelings Sir DB needed to put all the blame for everything that happened onto me, that way he could continue doing what he wanted, venting his lust on my body while hiding from any sense of wrong doing he might have had.

"Clean my desk and put everything back as it should be before you leave," he ordered, as usual avoiding all eye contact as he exited his office.

Sir DB was absent from the office for two weeks and it was the beginning of June before I was summoned to his office. Ensuring that his office door was tightly closed and speaking in little more than a whisper, Sir DB told me I needed taking in hand.

"A weekly punishment session to teach you self control should do the trick," he said, as ever avoiding eye contact. "You need discipline to get your loose morals back on track."

He told me I was to stay behind each Monday evening and study the texts he would give me, which turned out to be religious pamphlets published by a puritanical sect of which I assumed he was a member. Sir DB would return when the cleaners had left, to complete my training he said, and I knew what form that would take!

From then until the end of my training with the firm I spent most Monday evenings with Sir DB in his office, always receiving a spanking, occasionally after he'd fucked me but mostly before. 

One thing that came out of all this though was that it consolidated the realisation of the power my body had over men. To see the distinguished Sir DB reduced to a quivering, muttering, even grovelling and abject creature certainly excited me. As did the spankings if the truth were known!