 Sandy Parts Two

     Sandy returned to my life the following week.
     I was working in my back yard on my garden when she literally popped up behind some nearby bushes.
     "Hello Jackson." she said excitedly.  
     "Jeez, Sandy." I gulped surprised.  What are you doing here?"
     "Well my parents have decided to stay at the cottage up north for most of the summer so I was elected to take care of the house while they're gone. You know, water the flowers, take in the mail, fuck the neighbor."  she giggled. I guiltily looked around for my wife forgetting she was at work. 
     I should mention that I, Jackson Potts, had been very prudent in past years and had socked away a nice mutual fund nest egg which allowed me to retire when I reached 55 years old. My wife however, was an assistant to a large corporate VP and since she liked the work, she remained working.      
     "Sandy, you are going to get us in very big trouble." I warned.
     "Hummpf, I'm still not getting what I need from hubby Jimmy so I thought I'd go for plan B."  she sighed.
     "Plan B is me?" I asked.
     "Yup, let's do it." she implored.
     Grabbing my hand she led in to the side door of my garage.
     Sandy was, if you remember from my first letter (A Sandy Beach) a 22 year old brash and highly sexed daughter of my neighbors, the Brooks. 
     "I'm gonna' be here at least twice a week for the summer so I hope you can keep up with me." she teased.
     Stepping over to work bench Sandy began tugging at my shorts pulling them down to my ankles.  Freed from the constraints of my whitey tighties my dong slapped up and down against my belly.  Two seconds later, Sandy was on her knees with he lips wrapped around my shaft.  Nervously at first I looked around afraid someone would see us.  However, after a minute of Sandy's manipulations I lost my inhibition and began actively enjoying her warm mouth.  
     A few short minutes later I was just about to lose my load when she turned loose of my dick and sat back on the cement. 
     "Well, now I have you primed up how about doing the dirty with me?" she taunted as she grabbed a couple of lawn chair cushions and rolled onto them her back.  I knelt down as she pulled her shorts down off one foot and spread her milky white legs apart.  I leaned down and began licking her pink twat while grabbing one of her tits.  
     Moaning softly Sandy began thrusting her hips at my buried face.  Her clit was firm and bloated as I tasted her sweet juice.  
     Not wanting to wait any longer, I crawled up over her and began probing her pussy with my bouncing pecker. She guided it between her cunt lips and I slid into her smoothly.  After two or three strokes our pelvic bones were banging together to the tune of sex.  
     I laid down on top of her and grabbed each of her ass cheeks and began a nice rhythmic thrusting.  She began kissing me jamming her tongue into my mouth.  
     The two of us were now grunting and panting loudly as we fucked each other with the fire.  Sandy had her legs wrapped tightly around my waist and her hands on my ass. 
     "Unngh," she moaned.  Your making me cum mister!"  Her body stiffened and legs squeezed me as she came on thrusting dick.  A few seconds later she somehow got her finger around and stuck it in my asshole. 
     "Nnggaah!" I grunted and blasted my first load of cum up her cunt.  My second shot sent ripples down my spine with the next ones squirting a stream of cum like a faucet that was left on.  
     After a minute, completely spent I sat back on my knees trying to catch my breath. 
     "Wow that was great!" she sighed lying there with her legs still spread open.  I smiled happily and watched as my cum began running from her deep red pussy.  
     "Well, I gotta' run." she said as she pulled her shorts on.  Jimmy boy will be getting home from work pretty soon so I got to get home and make dinner.  Going to cook hotdogs tonight.  
     As I stood up pulling my shorts up from ankles and looked around nervously Sandy said, 
     "I'll probably be back later this week so stay loose." and off she went.