 Unlike other stories this one is true.

I had to get it out so I coughed. It seemed as though I couldn't cough enough. The smoke from the marijuana was killing me. My cousin Bret had rigged a two liter bottle to be a bong and I had inhaled not only the marijuana smoke but also burnt plastic smoke.

"Here ya go man I can't take it," I passed the makeshift bong to him and got up to go inside. He nodded and inhaled another puff. Bret was a trooper he would stay out there for ages just looking up at the night sky and smoking.

I intended to go to Bret's room and crash but instead went to his computer in his room. I had to shake the mouse to get his screen saver to go off and was surprised by what I found. His msn instant messenger was flicking up that he had a new conversation.

My curiosity got the best of me and I opened the window. It was from a lady named kiwi eyes, I figured it was just a booty call of Bret's. I typed in the message box that Bret wasn't here at the moment. 

I got onto the Mozilla homepage and searched for some porn. The little message popped up, "Well who are you then?"

"I am his cousin John, nice to meet you."

"Can I talk to you John? I really need some help."

I told her sure and she opened the floodgates. This lady, who's name is Lilly, has just turned eighteen and has a year and a half old daughter. Her husband had hit her and she was in trouble and wanted to know if Bret could pick her and her daughter up.

I told her that I could pick her up but Bret probably couldn't because he had been smoking weed. Also Bret still lived with his mother and she barely let girls visit the house let alone stay there overnight. My aunt was a nurse and worked the night shift at a nursing home, her hours were usually ten at night until seven the next morning.

She seemed to still need to get away so I asked for directions to her house. I went out onto the back patio to tell Bret what was going on but he was already passed out. So I went to my little clunker car and set off towards her house. 

It would be about thirty minutes or so before I reached her house so I went over what I was gonna say to her husband. From what she had described he was kind of fat and didn't stand much of a chance against me. The speedometer flew past eighty as I tried to hurry.

Once I pulled into the yard she was sitting on the steps of the trailer with a suitcase with her daughter in her arms. I got out of the car and carried her suitcase back to the car. She didn't say a word all the way home she just kept comforting her daughter.

When we pulled up to Bret's, she gave me a quick hug. "John, thank you for this I owe you one." It would be until seven in the morning before Bret's mom got home so we had plenty of time to figure where she was going to stay.

Bret said that although he would love to help her that his mom just wouldn't let her stay. I stepped in and told her she was welcome at my home. It wasn't much only a one bedroom two bath house but at least it was mine. She was in such a sad state she just accepted even though she didn't know me all that much.

At around two in the morning we bid Bret goodbye and climbed into my small Nissan Stanza. It was about fifteen miles to my house by the dirt road and twenty by highway so I took the back way. Soon I turned the radio on low and started humming along to the music.

She looked over at me and smiled, "So you sing huh? Know any good songs?" 

Only then in the stillness in the night did I notice how she looked. She was gorgeous, average weight and height, her boobs weren't that big but weren't that small from breastfeeding. Her hips and legs were to die for, the way the curved and slid down to the floorboard nearly gave me a hard on.

"Um, what do you like? I listen to everything but country and opera." I tried to keep my eyes on the road but I kept stealing glances at her.

"Oh anything, would you sing for me?"

I picked a song to see if she really liked music. It was an old one from the early seventies, most kids at school didn't understand thats where good music came from. It wasn't long before she started singing along with me while rocking her baby in her arms.

I carried the suitcase inside for her and sat it next to the bed. "I will take the couch you guys can have the bed. The couch is a hide-a-bed so it won't be too bad." She just nodded and asked where the bathroom was. I pointed her in the right direction and she asked me to watch over the baby while she took a quick shower.

I scooped the baby up in my arms and turned the TV on. Between watching The Colbert Report rerun, pulling out the bed, and watching her baby I was fully amused. Without realizing it I had striped to my boxers and climbed in the bed with the baby snugged against my chest as I dozed off to sleep.

The sunlight was trying to creep in through the black shades that I had. It was nearly dawn and I awoke from my sleep. Lilly was sleeping with her head resting on my shoulder, my arm was behind her head holding her close. The baby was against her belly sound asleep.

I realized that we were all not only spooning but I had a hard on and was poking her in the ass with it. I tried wiggling my way away from her but she kept scooting back to me. After several minutes I managed to scoot away from them and turn back over before dozing off again. 

At around eight I was up and about while they rested on the hide-a-bed. They looked so peaceful, I sat in my armchair and just watched them. I hadn't noticed that she was watching me as well. A smile formed as I saw her eyes moving in my direction. 

"Sleep well?" I asked. 

"Oh god yes. John I haven't slept like that in forever. Thank you so much for letting us stay here. I promise we won't be in the way," she got up and removed her t-shirt.

I sat watching her wondering what she was doing because she didn't have a bra on. She had full C-cups that bounced as she threw the shirt to the floor. "Do you mind? Angela will be hungry once she wakes."

"Oh not at all, I often walk around the house in the nude myself." That was a lie. I blushed but couldn't turn my head from her breasts. They were so full and perfect. 

"You don't have to watch if you don't want to ya know," she had realized I was watching her. 

I snapped my head up at the ceiling and asked, "Are you hungry? I could fix ya something."

"Oh your such a sweetie, do you have any eggs?"

"Yea how do you like um?"

"Scrambled please," and she went back to taking care of Angela.

I went to the kitchen and pulled the eggs from the fridge. Shit she had seen me ogling over her boobs. She probably thought I was such a perv. I took her the plate of eggs and was relieved that she had finished feeding the baby. 

"So you gonna tell me what happened with you two or should I ask Bret?"

She stared at her plate of food, playing with a bit of eggs with the fork. "When I was sixteen we were going out and had sex only once. Nine months later my little angel was born. He never touched me again after that, our parents forced us to get married. I have caught him with other women in our home before. I never loved him, the only thing he did to take care of me or my daughter is just giving us money.

Then the other night he got drunk. He always is a bad drunk, so when the baby started crying I tried to shh it but it was too late. He came bursting in the room and broke the beer bottle over my back. When he passed out I tried to get Bret but I got you, I can't thank you enough. I plan on serving him with divorce papers soon."

"Shit. Did you call the cops?" I got up and sat down next to her on the bed. I took her hand in mine, but she shuddered from my touch. "Hey its OK nothings going to hurt you here."

She tried to lean back into me but her back made her cringe. The back of her blue shirt was stained with blood and beer from the night before. I took off my shirt and asked her to do the same but she shook her head. 

"Lilly its OK, I want you to have mine," I told her and held my shirt up. She took it gingerly and removed her shirt. 

Her back had a horrible looking bruise on it. I asked if I could get her anything for it but she said she would be fine. She struggled with the shirt and I had to pull it down her midsection.

"So what about you mystery man? Any kids running around I should know about?" She looked back at me and tried to smile but I could see the pain in her eyes.

"You want the long version or the short version?" I asked.

"Long, I could use a good story."

"Well my parents divorced when I was two. My brother, who is two years younger then me stayed with my mom after I was raped by a man on my fathers side of the family. My grandmother was crazy and used to beat us with hairbrushes when we did something she deemed wrong. I never lived in a house longer then two years. I am eighteen now and have moved about nineteen times in my life. I moved in with dad after mom married an asshole. After I graduated I got my own place just down the street from dads. I have never had a girlfriend or had sex other then when I was five and it was against my will."

"Shit sorry I asked," she looked back down at the baby, who was now fast asleep.

"No," I touched her arm and she looked back at me, "You have a right to know who it is your staying with."

"I almost left last night when I came out of the shower and I couldn't find her. When I saw her here next to you on the bed I knew you wouldn't hurt us. Call it a mothers intuition." she laughed. It was so nice to hear her laugh. I had only heard her laugh once but it was the sweetest I had ever heard.

She leaned in and kissed me on the cheek, "I really can't thank you enough for having us stay here."

I hadn't ever kissed a girl before so from pure longing I leaned my head in and kissed her on the lips. I didn't put too much into it, halfway expecting her to pull away or push me away but she didn't. She kept my lips on hers for what felt like forever. They were velvety soft and warm.

Only when the baby stirred for a moment did she break the kiss. She leaned down and tucked her into the sheets and looked back up to me, "I'm sorry I shouldn't have done that. Your my best friends cousin after all, and we don't know each other, we've barely just.."

I cut her off with another kiss. "Nothing to be sorry about."

She shied away to the bathroom complaining of cramps. I put her plate and mine in the sink and began washing them. Making sure the baby was still alright I turned on the television and watched some new harry potter movie, I think it was the fourth one. 

"Do you suppose it would be alright if you and mummy stayed here until nightfall?" I asked Angela. I tickled the baby's cheek, sending laughter spilling out of her mouth.

"Your a natural father you know?" Lilly called from the doorway about ten feet away. "Well better then he was, here one minute gone the next. Always full of surprises that one." She came over silently and lay down next to me.

"Speaking of surprises I remember feeling a small bump poking me last night. Do you know what that was?" She put her arm over me and tickled the baby.

"That...um....that was...ah..." I didn't want to say it so I turned to my normal self and just blushed.

"Oh don't worry about it. It happens all the time when men sleep, besides I kind of like it. I mean don't get me wrong I'm no slut but I do like a nice pounding every now and then." She let her hand go lower past my navel to my groin. She stopped there and gave a slight squeeze.

"What are you doing?" I asked, shocked that things were turning in this direction. Here I was with a beautiful woman who not only was inside my home but wanted to be there.

"What does it feel like I'm doing John," she whispered in my ear. It wasn't long before my cock was pressing against my jeans trying to push its way past the material. "Feels like you've got quite a member down there, mind if he comes out to play?"

"Lilly I've never done this before." God was that all I could say? Why did I always have to be a dork?

"Its OK, I was just messing with you," she kissed me again but this time more passionately. 

"Lilly I can't its all too much besides I'm saving myself." I didn't want to push her away but I knew I had to. I didn't have any religious views that kept me from doing it but rather the memory of him forcing me. That was one reason I hadn't been with a girl before, anytime things got serious I couldn't keep those images out of my head.

"This is hard for you isn't it?" She asked with her head on my shoulder. Her hands rubbed my chest and she purred like a kitten.

"Its not you its me, I'm not all aye ok in the head." I got up rather forcefully and woke the baby by accident. I turned back around and scooped her up in my arms. "Shhhh...now you just sleep now...shhh."

"Your almost too good to be true," she chuckled and looked up at me. Her beautiful green eyes were glowing. "Letting us stay here when you don't know us, giving us a roof over our heads. I was just trying to repay you John."

"Lilly its not that I didn't want to I really did, but I think that when I do it should mean something. It shouldn't be some sort of payment." I handed the now sleeping Angela back to her.

"John your the best," was all she said, "this is the best time I have ever spent with someone I met by accident."

Over the days our bond grew. We soon found that we each were very similar in many ways. Our turn on and offs, the way we each like to watch British comedy shows, massages, etc...

She had agreed to stay here at my home with me, and I was thrilled at that. Our sleeping arrangements changed a lot. No matter what they were, where I was, they were soon there. She would cuddle with me as Angela slept in a newly made crib I had built. My father was a carpenter and I had picked up some skills along the way.

I worked at a plant making pretty good money, and had a full time position. I would make on average around a thousand a week, so whatever didn't go to bills went on her and the baby. She would always never accept help financially but I still managed to spoil her and her daughter.

It was just beginning to turn into winter when things heated up. Lilly already knew that she and Angie were welcome here as long as they knew. I was falling for her and her sweetheart of a daughter. Lilly was one of the most down to earth and generally coolest person I knew, but at the same time it was the motherly side of her that I fell in love with.

She saw the entire world with her heart and would try her best to help a person out. I was about that same I guess, helping people with whatever means I could. 

"Lilly I want you to meet my family," I told her one cold November evening.

"Are you sure? What if they don't like me or Angela?" 

I kissed her hoping all the fears would leave as our lips shot sparks, "They will love you."

My dad was all wide eyed when we joined them at grandpa's house for thanksgiving dinner. Bret just smiled and winked at us. I tipped my ginger ale at him, "This one if for your msn account. If you hadn't been signed on I would have never met her."

"You two are really serious huh? Man I was trying to hook up with her ever since middle school. She's a really good person man." He sipped his coke, which smelled as though he had slipped something else into it.

"Yeah she really is man. I thought I was happy before but now whenever shes around things just glow." I looked up at her and some of the family gathered around her and Angela. They were all tickling and oohing over her.

"You don't mind the kid man? I would."

"Nah man she really is a great kid. She can talk now ya know. Calls our for Lilly all the time," I laughed.

"No shit? Damn man that cool, I'm happy for ya." He took another long swig before scarfing down his dinner.

I surprised my mother by taking Lilly and the baby along to thanksgiving supper at moms. My mom had recently divorced the shit head and had rented a small apartment in a small town. Her eyes were wide with surprise as I made my way into the home searching for my brother.

As soon as I found him I snuk up behind him and gave him a noogie. He darted up and we went at it. Rolling in the floor trying to make the other give in by crying 'Mercy'. Mom soon called over her shoulder, "Boys cut it out, your too grown to be doing that. John um who is this?"

I turned around and noticed that Lilly hadn't entered yet, Mother was holding the door so that she couldn't enter. I nudged her away from the door and held out my hand to her. She took it and followed me inside.

"Mom this is Lilly. Lilly, mom," I said. Lilly was as shy as ever but managed a "How do you do?"

"Pleased to meet you, its nice to see he finally has started a family. I was beginning to think he was gay. I must admit I am quite hurt I didn't get a congratulations grandma card," she winked at Lilly.

"Oh," Lilly looked surprised, "Oh its not his child, I am separated from the father. We actually met through his cousin. John was kind enough to offer me a place to stay when things got to unbearable at my home."

"Well he always knew how to sweep um off their feet," Michael interrupted giving me a purple nurple. I cried out in pain and chased him to his room.

"So man," he panted as we got to his bedroom door, "You hitting that or is she free game?"

Michael had always been the ladies man. He had once went to church camp and came back with twelve girl's phone numbers in less then a week. You couldn't have gotten a girl to touch me with a ten foot pole in high school.

"She is off the market brother," I play punched him in the bicep. "Besides you wouldn't know what to do with her once you got her."

"Ah shes a kinky freak, I love those," he laughed and entered the room. His habits hadn't changed no matter how old he had gotten. His clothes were strewn across the floor, a couple damp shirts were clinging to the ceiling fan. "Welcome to my slice of heaven," he said as he plopped down on a bean bag chair.

"No man, its not like that. Its, well hard to say."

"So you gonna marry her and start a family or not?" His eyebrow raised as he asked.

"We haven't talked of marriage yet. We have only been together for six months man." I toyed with one of his pens on the computer desk.

At supper everything went well. Angela showed off her newly learned ability to speak. She had picked a squash up, acted as if it were a cell phone, and declared that everyone was awesome. We all spent a great deal laughing and sharing stories. Soon I offered to take everyone to a movie and they accepted.

Lilly and I liked to sit kind of close to the screen, so we bid mom and Michael adieu and moved closer. "Thanks for coming, I think my brother has a crush on you now."

"Aw well tell him I already found my man." She raised the cup holder that separated the seats and snuggled into my shoulder to watch the movie. I had the baby in my lap, she was having a wonderful time staring at the moving pictures on the screen.

She was quite a baby. She never cried or screamed, instead she was always laughing and smiling. Lilly and I giggled at her during the whole movie as she would reach up and try to catch the screen with her tiny hands. I leaned down and kissed Lilly passionately, smiling when Angela protested by hitting me in the stomach.

"Whats gotten into you?" I broke the kiss and looked down at her. "You don't want me kissing mommy?"

"Daaa Daa," she said and reached up to give me a hug.

I smiled and hugged her little body. Lilly was trying to laugh but had tears streaming down her face.

Its been four years since then. We all live in a bigger home now. What Lilly and I have is special, she reminds me of it everyday. Angela starts school soon, and she seems pretty excited to be going. I will be glad to have some alone time with my lady, I plan on proposing soon.