 With alcohol fuelled courage she slowly crossed one leg over the other, her short skirt riding up to reveal the top of one stocking, watching him as his eyes roamed greedily up her legs before sliding caressingly over her breasts, her nipples hardening under his gaze as she leant forward to rest one hand on his knee, her lips brushing the sensitive skin of his neck, her voice low as she spoke.

"Yes! I think I'd like that a lot."

His eyes widening, he acknowledged the challenge with a steady gaze, before signalling to the barman to bring them another drink.

"Are you certain about this?" He asked, leaning over to copy her position, hand on knee and lips brushing seductively over the sensitive skin of her earlobes.

"Most definitely," Sandy replied in a whisper, making him lean closer to catch her words. He sucked in a sharp breath as she used the cover of his body to run her hand firmly over his stiff cock through his trousers before sitting back and taking a sip of the drink the barman placed in front of her.

Giving him a wink she raised her glass to his.

"To fun!" 

"To us!"

Rubbing his thumb over the soft skin of her inner thigh through the silky stockings he held her gaze as she downed the rest of her drink.

"Maybe we should take this somewhere more private," she suggested with a wink.

"Maybe we should stay right here," he retorted, gesturing to his still full glass.

Acknowledging defeat for the moment Sandy nodded, the alcohol she'd consumed filling her with a heady sense of recklessness as she felt his hand slip higher up her leg beneath the hem of her skirt, brushing over the lacy stocking top before venturing higher, his knuckles rubbing against the moist satin of her panties.

His fingers were hot against her skin, the fingertips rough and calloused against her softness, clearly someone who worked with his hands. And he certainly knew just how to use those hands she thought as she captured a moan at the back of her throat before it slipped out.

This was getting a little too hot for comfort and she caught his smirk as he saw the effect his fingers were having on her equilibrium. Well two could play at that game, she decided, rising to her feet and holding out a hand, leading him to the dance floor in the corner of the bar.

A band was playing on the other side of the room, a slow bluesy rock song and the floor was packed with couples swaying in time to the lead singers deep velvet tones. Pulling him into the centre Sandy began to dance, smiling a little at his awkwardness, men never seemed comfortable dancing.

Swaying closer to him, never quite touching, she let her hands rise above her head as her hips moved in time to the beat, stepping closer, then away, turning to lightly rub her hips against his before withdrawing teasingly, pushing him until he grabbed her around her waist and pulled her tight against him. 

She could feel the evidence of his arousal pressed up against her belly as she continued to dance, clasping her hands loosely around the back of his neck and wriggling her pelvis against him, bending her knees to slide down and then up his body, her eyes locked on his. Slowly she licked her lips, grinning as she watched his eyes follow her small, wet tongue trace over the fullness of her mouth, smirking as with a groan he pulled her close to kiss her passionately.

With a start she felt the cold hardness of the wall pressing against her back and realised he had manoeuvred them out of the crush of bodies and to the rear of the bar where the music was quieter.

Placing one hand either side of her head he took a step back, both of them breathing rapidly.

"Ready for a little privacy yet?" she asked, grinning.

"Hell no!" he replied with a wink, "I'm just getting started." 

With that he pulled her hard against him and pressed her back against the wall, grinding his pelvis against her as he kissed her hard, pulling her legs up to wrap around his waist.

The sensation of him rubbing against her through her panties made her wriggle to get closer. She wanted to touch him, to strip him, anything to have him hard and hot inside her. Pushing up his shirt she scraped her fingernails down his back as they kissed, feeling rather than hearing him as he groaned against her mouth, his hips pushing harder against her as if they could relieve their tension through pressure alone.

Letting her legs drop weakly to the floor she took a deep breath and pushed him hard in the chest, making him stagger back slightly in surprise. 

Surely she wasn't going to change her mind now?!