 Turning the key in the lock Sandy pushed open the door to her small flat and breathed a sigh of relief. Home.

The door clicked shut behind her, loud in the silence and she let out a small, startled squeak. The surprise encounter in the alley with the stranger from last night had shaken her up more than she'd expected. And yes, she knew she shouldn't have been walking home alone but Rob rushing off after their date had upset her more than she was willing to admit. Walking had seemed the only way to let off steam.

Leaning back against the door she took deep calming breaths, trying to get herself under control again. If she was honest, she hadn't been so much scared by the stranger as turned on. The same effect he'd had on her in bar, she acknowledged. There was just something about him that made her go weak at the knees when he was around, and somehow she'd known he would never intentionally hurt her. Women's intuition perhaps. In fact he'd seemed more angry at the thought that someone else might harm her. It was nice to feel cared for, she thought regretfully. If only Rob was like that...

The harsh buzzing of the intercom system made her jump again, her heart racing as she wondered who would be calling round at this time of night. It could only be Rob! 

She smiled as she tripped happily down the stairs, all thought of the stranger forgotten in the joy of seeing Rob again. Trying to wipe the grin off her face she tugged open the front door then froze.

"Oh!" she said in shock. That was all she managed to get out before the strangers mouth descended on hers, the kiss hard and punishing and oh so arousing.

Pushing her into the communal hallway he kicked the door shut behind him and she winced at the sound. The neighbours would not be pleased.

His hand snaked round the back of her head, holding her immobile as his lips continued their bruising kiss. With a moan she succumbed, all thought flying from her head as her fingers tangled in his hair and her tongue danced with his.

Pushing her back against the wall, he pressed against her and she could feel the proof of his arousal pressed hard against her stomach. Warmth pooled between her thighs and she squirmed against him, wanting to be closer, needing to touch him. He seemed to have the same idea.

His calloused hands tugged at her top, pushing it up and over her head so that her arms were pinned behind her by the sleeves. Not stopping to remove the rest of it he bent his head to her breast, sucking and teasing her nipples with his teeth through the lacy covering of her bra.

Biting her lips, she struggled not to moan at the sensations coursing through her. Each tug of his mouth on her breast seemed to trigger an echoing longing between her legs. When he pulled down her bra to expose her hard nipples to his warm wet tongue she wriggled helplessly, her back arching as she tried desperately to get nearer to the source of her pleasure.

The rough rasp of his stubble across her sensitive skin was in sharp contrast to the softness of his mouth. She wanted to grab his head and pull him closer as he teasingly rubbed his cheek over her hard nipples, the combination of pain/pleasure almost too much as she fought to free her arms from the constricting material of her top.

With a shock she felt her jeans being pushed down to her ankles, she hadn't even felt him undoing them, so caught up was she in the feeling of his mouth on her breast. With a groan he knelt before her and she could only watch as his head moved closer to the source of her aching need. His hot breath on her skin made her shiver, his tongue and lips pressing teasing kisses at the very top of her thighs. 

At the first touch of his tongue against her damp panties her hips bucked involuntarily. She couldn't help it, it felt so good to have him touch her there. His fingers dug into her hips as he held her still, imprisoned by her clothes and the sensations he was arousing with just his mouth, she was utterly helpless, utterly his.

His teeth bit into the waistband of her panties, yanking them down without using his hands. She thought she'd never seen anything more erotic, then his mouth was back against her, his tongue delving between her dripping folds and rational thought became impossible.

His teeth nipped teasingly as his tongue tantalisingly flicked over her swollen clitoris. She could feel the tension building inside of her as his tongue became more frantic, drawing sweeping circles as she shook from the effort of trying to stay upright, the only thing holding her up was his hands on her hips and the wall behind her, her legs were weak with pleasure and she was sure if he let go she'd collapse in front of him right there in the hallway.

Sucking hard on her mound he thrust his tongue deep inside her and that was it. With a shuddering moan she came, feeling his tongue lap more gently against her now, taking the time to taste her, to drink in the juices of her orgasm.

Unable to stand any longer she let gravity take her, sliding bonelessly down the wall until the bare flesh of her bottom met the cold tiled floor. The shock of it against her heated flesh brought her to her senses. She'd just let this stranger give her the most incredible orgasm in the communal hallway of her apartment block. And here she was, legs splayed, trousers round her ankles like a wanton and almost completely naked in a place where any of her neighbours could see her if they happened to open their doors. She must be mad!

Angry now she wrestled her top back on, tugging up her jeans as she glared at the man in front of her. The lustful grin on his face quickly fading as she dressed hurriedly.

"I'm sorry," he offered in a quiet tone. "That wasn't exactly what I had in mind when I came over. I just wanted to apologise for scaring you earlier."

"Well you certainly did that!" Sandy bit out angrily, disgusted at herself for letting him affect her so easily. Why did all rational thought fly from her head whenever he was around! 

"I know," he said, at least having the good grace to look a little shamefaced at the unexpected turn of events. "How about we start again, I'm Craig."

Holding out her hand to shake his, she felt again that tingle of electricity as their skin touched. Why was it she'd never felt like this with Rob, she wondered bemusedly as Craig helped her to her feet. His fingers clinging to hers as if reluctant to let go.

Unsure what to do now, Sandy waited, all anger gone now as she took in his dishevelled appearance and obvious arousal. Logic stated that she should tell him to leave, that would be the sensible thing to do. Instead she found herself inviting him up to her flat, leading him up the narrow steps and through her front door, still slightly ajar from her rapid exit earlier.

Sitting him down on her ragged old couch she quickly made coffee for them both. Returning to the living room to find that he'd kicked off his shoes and made himself at home.

His presence seemed to fill the small room, it was almost like he belonged there. Mentally chastising herself for her flights of fantasy she handed him his mug and settled down on the sofa next to him. She was the first to break the silence.

"Well... Umm... This is a little awkward," she mumbled selfconsciously, gripping her coffee cup tightly between her hands as she leaned back against the arm of the sofa. What did you say to someone who'd seen you in various states of undress and arousal but had only just told you their name?

"Yeah, it is a little," he agreed, smiling ruefully. "I have to say it's not a situation I usually find my self in."

"Why?" she asked, her stomach tightening as she considered the implications of that statement. "Do you prefer to keep your women as nameless one night stands?"

"Not at all!" he said, seemingly both shocked and offended at her question. "I don't 'do' one night stands. I don't pick up girls in clubs, I don't take strangers home with me and I certainly don't follow ladies home and ravish them in their hallway! Do you?"

"Of course I don't," Sandy replied angrily. "What kind of a girl do you think I am?"

Mind you, going from her previous behaviour she couldn't exactly blame him if he thought this was a relatively frequent occurrence. She definitely hadn't been fighting him off, not tonight or yesterday in the bar. In fact she'd been completely uninhibited and wanton, exactly like 'that kind of girl'.

Shame made her cheeks redden and forced down her eyes as she thought back on exactly how uninhibited she'd just been. What was it about him that made her want to rip off his clothes every time she saw him. Even now her mind was wandering off into various fantasies of what they would do together once they'd finished their coffee.

Just then he placed his empty cup down on the small side table and stood.

"Listen," he said reassuringly. "I really ought to go, it's late and you should probably be getting to sleep."

Sandy wanted to object but his tone of voice stopped her. By the sounds of things he'd already made up his mind about leaving and she wasn't going to lower herself to beg him to stay.

"Okay," she agreed flatly, wanting to minimise the goodbyes as much as possible. "I'll walk you to the door."

Dropping a kiss onto her forehead he smiled.

"I'm sure I can find the way," he said, "you stay here and finish your coffee."

Feeling unaccountably rejected, Sandy stayed where she was, watching as he walked to the front door. As he opened it he turned and smiled.

"I'd like to see you again," he said. "How about dinner tomorrow?"

Biting her lip to keep from saying anything Sandy just nodded. The door slamming shut behind him shocked her out of her immobility and she rested her cup on the table. Did he mean it about dinner tomorrow?

Only one way to find out she supposed...