 My part time job during the holidays was one of the best I've ever had. The four weeks off from college don't really allow for a truly great part time job but I did hit upon a good one this time. I played one of Santa's elves at the mall. It was fun and easy work. Besides, if you like kids and you like the holidays, why not? The guy they had playing Santa wasn't that bad either. I'm used to old guys wearing the suit. Well, this mall had a different take. The guy was actually in his 30's and was really cute. He'd come in, don the red suit, complete with padding, and put on his white beard and hair. When all was said and done, he looked really good. 

The other two girls they had working with me were little brats. They were constantly arguing about who got to take the pictures and any little thing that they could think of. I didn't much care. I was making what I considered free money and they was enough. Besides, Santa and I were having fun watching them fight.

There were only four days left till Christmas and we were doing a steady busy. The other two elves were really in fine form, fighting and bickering. I swear they had to be lesbian lovers the way they were carrying on. Santa and I sat back and watched, laughing at their antics. Finally, after the last kid had had their picture taken, things were cleaned up, and the gruesome twosome were on their way, Santa and I were left to deal with closing down the little photo area. As we were getting ready to leave, Santa asked if I'd like to make a little extra money. He was scheduled to show up at holiday office party for about an hour and it would be cute to have an elf in tow. The girl he had lined up for it had called and canceled. I said sure, why not. As we got to his car, he handed me a bag and said the elf outfit was in there. He'd left on his Santa suit, but I had changed out of my elf costume. As he drove to the party, I crawled in the back of his SUV to change.

While he drove, I pulled the costume out of the bag. Tonight, I was playing sexy elf. I pulled off my boots and socks and then slid my jeans down. I noticed Santa watching in his rearview mirror, trying to act as if he wasn't watching. I pulled the white lace stockings on, adjusting them so the white lace at the top of the thigh was neatly arranged. Then, I slipped the little white skirt up over my ass. It just barely covered anything. Next, I pulled off my sweater. I looked up at the mirror again and saw Santa's eyes nearly pop out of his head. I'm 19 and have 38D breasts. Men love them. I pulled the little top on over them, stretching it across my chest. Next, I pulled out the little elf hat and three inch heels that completed the sluty, sexy elf look. 

The party was a big hit and so was I. The office men were grabbing and pinching everything on me, and the women were hitting on Santa. I got a huge wad of tips. As we were leaving the party, Santa told me I had done great. I asked him if he wouldn't mind dropping me off at my place. I'd pick up my car at the mall the next day. I sat in the front seat this time and was sure to show a lot of my leg. I noticed Santa looking over at me and squirming around a bit. I had a feeling Santa was getting having a little problem with a yule log in his pants.

When we got to my place, I asked him if he wanted to come in for a cup of coffee or a drink. I didn't think he'd turn me down and he didn't. I walked ahead of him, shaking my ass. My parents were out of town until Christmas day so I knew we were going to be alone. I led him to the living room and asked him to start a fire. It was cold in the house. When I came back from the bar carrying two glasses of brandy, the fire was already raging.

"So, Santa, have you decided if I've been naughty or nice this year? Maybe I should sit on your lap and find out."

I didn't feel like wasting time. I was horny from all the groping at the party and knew he was more than willing. He sat back on the couch and I slowly crawled up on his lap, my legs straddling either side of him.

"And what do you want for Christmas, little girl?"

I rubbed myself down against the bulge I could feel growing in his pants. Bracing my hands on his shoulders, I ground my pussy down on his groin.

"All I want for Christmas is a nice big cock. Do you think Santa could help an elf out? Wouldn't Santa like to fuck a horny little elf?"

Santa's hands came up to my hips and pushed my harder on his groin.

"What do you think, little girl? Santa's ready to get a little Christmas cheer of his own going."

I leaned down and covered his mouth with mine. He'd long ago dispensed with the beard and hair. The suit was winding up to be a huge turn on for me. I reached down between us and slipped my hand inside his pants. His cock was hard and throbbing already. As my tongue slipped inside his mouth, my fingers wrapped around his cock and stroked him up and down. Santa moaned into my mouth. His hands pulled at my shirt and lifted it above my breasts. I released his cock long enough to let him take my shirt off. His hands reached around and he unhooked my bra, pulling it off and tossing it the floor. I returned my attention to his cock as his fingers teased my nipples, making them hard.

"I've wanted some of this all night."

His mouth came down on my tit, sucking my nipple into his mouth. I stroked hard on his cock. Santa pushed my breasts together and moved his mouth from one to the other. We kissed again and I slid off his lap onto my knees in front of him. Pulling his cock out of his pants, I flicked my tongue across the tip and then took him full in my mouth. Santa moaned and rammed his hips upwards, pushing his cock deeper in my mouth. Wrapping my hands around the base of his cock, I bounced my mouth up and down in his lap, sucking his cock hard and fast. 

"That's it, baby, suck Santa's cock. Oh yea. Suck it hard."

He leaned his head back and moaned as my mouth pushed up and down on his member. Knowing what he'd really like, I sat up and pushed his legs apart. Settling in between them, I grabbed my tits in my hands. Rubbing the tip of his cock with first one nipple then the other, I slowly wrapped my huge breasts around his cock. 

"Fuck yea! Those tits are so soft. Tit fuck me, baby, tit fuck Santa."

As his cock pushed up between my breasts, I flicked my tongue over the tip of his dick. I love the way a cock looks pushing up between my breasts. It's so erotic. He was getting harder and harder by the second. Santa moaned and his cock spewed cream all over my breasts. I rubbed my tits together loving the feel of his cum. Leaning over, I took his cock in my mouth and sucked.

Finally, I stood and slowly slipped my panties down and tossed them to the side. Standing on either side of him on the couch, I slowly lowered my wet pussy over Santa's face and moaned as his tongue pushed up inside me. Santa's hands held onto my ass as he swirled his tongue around in small circles over my pussy. I moaned and pushed down on his tongue harder. I was so horny it didn't take long for me to come. He kept licking me, pushing his tongue in and out as my orgasm shook my body. When his lips closed around my clit and sucked hard into his mouth, I moaned, nearly screaming, as another quick orgasm took me. 

Santa pulled me down onto his lap. Must be having 19 year old pussy, because Santa's cock was already hard and ready for more. Lifting me up, Santa slowly lowered my pussy down over his rock hard tool. I moaned as his cock filled me. 

"Tell Santa what you want, little girl. Tell Santa."

As Santa bounced me up and down on his hard cock, I moaned, urging him on.

"Fuck me harder, Santa. I want you to fuck my pussy hard. Ohhh! Yess! Fuck me, Santa. Fuck me tight little pussy."

His hands slid up my back and pushed me forward against him. His mouth found my nipple again and sucked hard as his cock pushed up inside me. My body trembled as another orgasm tore through me. I leaned down and kissed his mouth, our tongues fighting. I would have loved to have seen the image we made. Santa fucking a half-naked sluty elf in front of the raging fire. Merry Fucking Christmas!

Santa moaned and rammed his cock hard up inside me. I felt his cock erupt and I pushed down hard, tightening my pussy around him. He lifted me off his lap and laid me down on the couch. Opening my legs, he buried his face between my legs and licked me hard and fast. I'd never had a guy eat my pussy after he came. It was incredible. Every nerve in my body was on fire as his tongue probed deeper and deeper. Another orgasm tore me apart. Finally, he sat back on the couch, his face red and wet, his cock limp against his red suit.

"So, was I naughty or nice, Santa?"

Santa looked at me and smiled.

"I think I'll need to double check again before Christmas. I think we can both be a lot more naughty before then."

Overall, it was an amazing Christmas. I mean, I got to fuck Santa and everything.