 I own two cars. 

First there's my normal car, a very nice sedan, no longer new, but not far off it. I use this for my normal day to day running about.

Second is what at first glance looks like a shit-box. It's old and dilapidated, faded paint, unpatched dings, dent and scratches. Mechanically, however, it's a different story. It's in A1 condition. This car I use on my camping and fishing trips. I know it's going to get me there and get me back. So what if it collects a few more nicks in the process. She's a good solid car.

On the day that the incident happened I was heading west, intending to do a little fishing. I was nearly out of the city when it started. A light started changing as I approached it. It happened at one of those annoying distances. Do I stop or not? I should make it through on the amber, but... 

I figured the 'but' was too big and drew to a halt. The car behind me thought they could make it on the amber and weren't going to stop. Changed their mind when they realised I was stopping, but just a wee bit too late. I felt this clunk as they bounced off my rear bumper.

I said a rude word and got out to inspect the damage. There may have been a new dint on my bumper but it was a bit hard to tell. The other driver had also got out to inspect the damage and I looked her over.

She was quite a cute little thing. It was hot day and she was dressed accordingly, wearing a loose sort of dress that was just long enough to cover panties and bra. It would be interesting to see her bend over.

She glared at the fresh dint in her bumper bar (not the only one there) and then turned to me apologising. I just waved her apologies aside.

"Forget it," I told her. "No real damage. Just leave it go."

With that we both returned to our own cars. The light went green, I was about to go but had to wait while a little old lady finished toddling across the road and there was a clunk as that idiot girl behind me hit me again.

Apparently she'd started driving on the assumption that I'd just power right over the little old lady. When I didn't, I got nudged again.

Another check showed another dent (one more each). The woman was rather red faced. I suspected equal parts bad temper and embarrassment. She started with the apologies again, but I wasn't in the mood to listen and cut her off.

"Forget it," I snapped. "Just forget it. You can show you're sorry by just sitting there for a minute and letting me get a good head start."

I jumped in and drove, catching the last of the green. She sat there and watched then found she was facing an amber, so just kept sitting. I headed on out.

That evening I booked into a motel for the night. I'd just settled back on the bed to watch TV when there was this crunching noise of metal on metal. As my car was out there I naturally stuck my head out the door to check what was going on.

I went from idle contentment to pissed off indignation with a single glance. There were half a dozen motels in the area. Quite nice ones. There were a good dozen parking spots available at this one. Most of them not next to my car.

So why had that fool woman chosen my motel, and why had she decided to park right next to me and, for god's sake, why did she have to scrape down the side of my car while parking? There was room for a semi-trailer and a school bus. How could she possibly have hit me?

Miss Smashem had finally managed to park and had come over to see the damage. She blushed when she saw me, and so she should have. I stepped back into the motel unit, sat on the bed and waited.

After a few moments the woman stuck her head around the door, and then hastily stepped in when I growled. 

"If you would be so kind as to give me your name and insurance details I would appreciate it," I said quietly. "And let me see your licence while you're at it."

"I'm Michelle," she said nervously. "Michelle Thatcher. Um, I don't have any insurance right now, but I'll arrange to pay the damages, honest."

No insurance. That figures. No insurance company would want her as a client.

"If I can have your licence details, please?" I asked. "Just so that I can verify you're who you say you are. You do have a licence, don't you?"

"Of course I have a licence," Michelle snapped indignantly. "It's just that I don't have it on me right now?"

"Why not?" I was trying to be polite, really I was, but it was a bit of a strain.

Michelle was twisting her hands together and looking guilty.

"I sort of lost it," she muttered.

"Lost it," I repeated. "Do you mean lost it, as in you dropped it and can't find it, or lost it, as in you drove your car into the side of a police car and they took your licence off you?"

"It was confiscated," Michelle admitted.

"Really," I said. "Why am I not surprised? What did you do to actually lose it?"

Michelle blushed hard and looked away from me. I reviewed our conversation and laughed.

"Do you mean you actually hit a police car and that's why you lost it?" I asked, somehow not really feeling surprised.

"It was an accident," said Michelle, flaring up. "It could have happened to anyone. It wasn't really my fault. They had no reason to get so nasty about it."

I bet. She'd probably driven away and then come back for a second go.

"The big question is, why are you driving without a licence? You can get into real trouble for that. As a matter of fact, having three accidents while driving without a licence, I'd say you're already in real trouble." 

"Only if you tell the police," protested Michelle. "You wouldn't be that mean would you?" 

I smiled at her, and I don't think she enjoyed my smile one little bit.

"You're avoiding the question. Why were you driving without a licence?"

"When I told my father I'd lost my licence he told me that I had to bring the car home anyway. He said he'd sort out getting my licence back for me when I got home. I told him I could get booked for driving unlicensed and he said not to worry, he'd sort it out if it happened. So here I am. You're not going to tell the police are you? It's not as though your car wasn't already all scratched up." 

"There are a couple of points. My car might have had some scratches, but it is still my car and you have added a fair array of new ones. I'm entitled to compensation. As for telling the police, I am the police.

As for your father fixing this for you, I don't think he's going to be able to."

Getting up I stepped past her and closed the door.

"Seeing your father likes to fix your little problems without you having to face the consequences, I think it's time you had some consequences he can't fix. You're a spoilt brat in my opinion, and I'm going to treat you accordingly. A good spanking will do you a world of good. And even if it doesn't, it will give me some satisfaction."

"You can't do that," protested Michelle, looking shocked.

"How do you propose to stop me?" I asked.

"I'll scream."

"And I'd have to arrest you for driving without a license and dangerous driving," I returned. "Then I'd have to escort you to the nearest station and have you locked up until your father can come and post bail. There might also be a delay in contacting your father, but I guess you could handle a day or two in the local drunk tank while you wait." 

Check and mate. Michelle was cornered and she knew it. She just stood there glaring at me, not knowing what to say.

"Now be a good girl and slip off your panties. Then I'll get you to bend over my knee while I entertain you."

"Why do I need to take my panties off?" Michelle protested. 

"Two reasons," I explained. "First, I think it's appropriate to spank your bare bottom and it'll save me taking them off. Second, they'd get in the way when I ravish you after the spanking. You can consider the ravishing as payment for the damage you inflicted on my poor car."

Michelle seemed to be trying to turn pale and blush at the same time. The colour in her face came and went so fast that for a moment I thought she was going to faint. She had guts though. She straightened up and gave me the hard eye.

"I am not taking my panties down," she told me defiantly. "I may have to have a spanking but I'm keeping my panties on."

I shrugged. If that's what she thought, so be it. I wasn't going to argue the point. I reached over and took her arm. Drawing her across to me I indicated she should bend over. With a great show of reluctance Michelle lay down across my knee.

A simple twitch on her dress had it floating up towards her waist, leaving her pretty bottom on display. I gave her a couple of quick spanks on her bottom and her hands immediately came down to try to protect it.

I'd expected that, and as Michelle obviously expected, I caught her hand and held them in one of mine, holding them in the small of her back and holding her down at the same time. With her hands safely trapped, Michelle found that she'd made a tactical error. She was no longer able to defend her panties.

I started pulling them off her bottom and Michelle started protesting and struggling. She wasn't able to do either very well. She didn't want to scream and get caught having her bottom spanked, so her squeals and protest were muted. As for struggling, all she could really do was twist a bit and kick her legs up and down, which didn't really accomplish anything.

With her panties out of the way, I rested my hand on Michelle's bottom, my fingers pressing down between her legs. Michelle must have got a nasty shock when she found that all her wriggling and kicking was doing was forcing her pussy up against my fingers. Her struggles came to an abrupt halt.

"Finished with your nonsense?" I asked politely, getting a rude word as an answer.

Assuming that was an agreement, I started work. As far as I was concerned, I quite enjoyed supplying Michelle with a salutary lesson on the facts of life, that is that there are consequences and you can't always avoid the. I warmed her bottom nicely until it had a healthy pink flush.

Satisfied with my progress to that point, I swung Michelle to her feet. Taking the shift she was wearing I lifted it up and off before she caught on to what was happening. She had barely started to protest that when she was back across my knee, where I promptly unsnapped her bra. Leaving it to fall I was about to resume the paddling when Michelle indicated she had a question.

"Wait, wait, wait," she squealed. "What are you doing?"

"I'm spanking you, Michelle," I told her patiently. "I thought you would have caught on to that by now."

"I mean why did you take off my dress and undo my bra?" she said, almost weeping, probably from a mixture of emotions.

"They'd be in the way when I commence ravishing you," I pointed out. "I thought I'd get them out of the way now so you'll be accustomed to being naked in front of me."

"I may have to put up with getting spanked," she hissed, "but you're so not ravishing me."

"We'll discuss that later," I told her, "Now if you don't mind?"

I resumed my paddling, but now I was adding a few variations to it that I hoped would slip past Michelle's awareness. An occasional spank would land along the junction of her bottom and legs, fingers stinging the tops of her inside thighs. As I had hoped, her legs started drifting slightly apart, and soon a spank or two was coming down and stinging her pussy, agitating it and coaxing it to an aroused state.

Michelle was still busy protesting the spanking, apparently resenting it something fierce, but I didn't mind her resistance. It was a valuable lesson for her. 

Finally deciding enough was enough, I stopped spanking and started rubbing my hand over her bottom, soothing the stinging. Now that the spanking had stopped, Michelle seemed a lot more amenable to my rubbing her smarting bottom, probably unwilling to say anything in case the spanking resumed.

Naturally, as some of those spanks had landed on her pussy, it was only right that I should soothe that area as well, and my hand started rubbing along her mound, soothing away any sore spots. Michelle was now squirming a bit more, but not actively protesting what I was doing. 

That is, she didn't actively protest until my fingers started slipping between her lips, disappearing into her slit and doing some gentle explorations. Then she did raise a gentle query.

"What the hell do you think you're doing now," she demanded.

"Just helping you adjust to what's coming," I murmured, while swinging her upright. 

Michelle's bra hadn't actually come right off, being tangled on her arms. I gave her some assistance in getting rid of it and then just considered her, holding her hands behind her back while I looked her over.

Her nipples were erect, I noticed with satisfaction, and I gently rubbed across them with my free hand. Michelle twisted away slightly, but not too energetically, I noticed. More going through the motions than seriously protesting.

Rising I turned her and pushed her gently down onto the bed, helping her to lie the way I wanted. Then I stripped.

Michelle lay watching me undress, protesting all the while that she wasn't going to let me ravish her, but at no stage did she try to get off the bed or grab her clothes. She just lay there, protesting and watching.

"Are you going to cooperate while I make love to you," I asked her quietly, "or do I just fall on you and ravish you?"

Michelle swallowed, flicking another glance at where I stood ready to carry out my threat, then placed her hands over her pussy in mute defiance, daring me to take her.

I took her ankle and tugged gently and, not really to my surprise, I drew Michelle's legs apart with ease. Moving between her thighs I took her hands and moved them away, exposing her to me. She may have been defiant, but her lips were pursed and parted and her exposed flesh gleamed with moisture.

I aligned myself with her lips, the tip of my cock just resting where they were parted. I glanced at Michelle, but she was ignoring me. She was staring hard at where my cock was touching her, barely breathing as she waiting for my strike.

I drove into her, hard and fast, sheathing myself in her with a single thrust. Michelle squealed, her legs almost shot into the air before coming down and around me, holding me in place. Her fists gave me a couple of ineffectual thumps on the back and then her fingers were digging into my shoulders, clinging to me.

Seeing it appeared to be what Michelle wanted, I didn't show any restraint. I simply pounded into her, driving hard, gratified to find her responding with a ferocity that matched anything I could do. My mouth savaged her breasts while Michelle squealed and gasped, thrusting them up to me, practically demanding I devour her.

Quite frankly, I found the whole experience amazing. We were two wild animals, thrashing together, taking our own pleasures, our partner's pleasure being incidental but still fully reciprocated.

When I finally climaxed, Michelle was right there with me, squealing and bucking as she convulsed around me, holding me tight within her until she had her satisfaction.

Afterwards I just held her. She seemed to snuggle closely for a few moments and then she was asleep, nestling against me like a contented kitten. I stayed there holding her while she slowly settled into a proper sleep. 

Once Michelle seemed settled for the night I eased out of bed, pulled on some trousers and slipped outside to do what a man's got to do.

Sliding back into bed next to her I wondered if I'd be able to have seconds before she went outside and saw the large yellow clamp on her wheel. 

I keep one in the old banger in case of emergencies. You never know when you may need one. And there was no way I was going to let an unlicensed driver back on the road. Especially one who drove as badly as Michelle.