 Holiday winter story, this is my entry, I hope you like it.



It was Christmas break, so Patty invited her roommate, Ellen, to come home for the holidays with her. Ellen was from the west coast, and couldn't afford to go home, so when Patty invited her she was really happy.

The two girls were both in their third year of college, and thought of each other as the sisters that they never had.

They were going to spend Christmas at her Mom's home, her parents were divorced, and her Dad lived in FL. Her Mom had remarried 8 years ago, and Patty ended up with two half brothers, twin 5 year olds.

Patty's step-dad, loved dressing up as Santa, to surprise the twins, he always did a great job, and was a loving Dad.

It was a three hour drive to Patty's home, as soon as they pulled up, Ellen saw the house was all lit up, in red and green Christmas lights. It had snowed a few days before and everything looked so pretty. There was even a snowman in the front yard that the twins and their Dad had made.

Before they could even open the car doors, Patty's Mom and Step-dad, were out to help with their suitcases, with the twins waiting at the front door.

Patty introduced Ellen to her Mom, Laura, her step-dad Ed, and the twins, Mark and Mike, both so cute in matching Christmas sweaters.

As soon as they were inside, Ellen walked up to the Christmas tree, it was beautiful, she thought it was the prettiest tree she had ever seen. 

Ed took great pride in his tree decorating, and was pleased that Ellen liked the job he had done on it.

Ellen thought everything was just the way it should be, Christmas music playing, candles in the windows, and the dinner table was set for a perfect meal.

The girls loved having a home cooked meal, and Ellen felt very welcome, with her roommates family.

Ed put the twins to bed, he read them a story, Twas the night before Christmas, and told them to go to sleep, or Santa wouldn't come.

Unfortunately Patty's Mom had to go work the graveyard shift, she is a nurse, she hated to go, but she would have Christmas day at home with her family. She kissed Patty, and Ellen too, and Ed walked her out to her car, where he gave her a deep passionate kiss, and a hug.

Ed came back inside, and asked the girls if they would like a drink, they were both old enough, both girls were 22. As they sat and talked, Ellen looked at Ed, he was a handsome man, she figured he was about 45, in good shape, tall, 6'1", dark hair.

Ed noticed her looking, he had been checking her out throughout the night as well. Ellen was very attractive, 5'5", Brunette, with the bluest eyes, small perky breast, and a great set of buns.

Ed asked the girls to help him get the presents that they had hidden away for the twins, they were in the crawl space behind the closet in the master bedroom.

It was about 1:00, Patty was very tired, she had done all the driving, and she told Ellen she had to get some sleep.

After Patty went to bed Ed was alone with Ellen, he offered her another drink, and they finished putting the gifts under the tree.

Ellen mentioned to Ed that Patty had told her about his Santa outfit. He asked her if she would like to see him in his Santa suit. She told him she would like that.

About ten minutes later, Santa Claus came down the stairs, Ellen turned to see, he looked awesome.

Ed really played the part, Ho, Ho, Ho, and what's your name little girl?

Ellen decided to play along, my name is Ellen.

Ed sat down, well come sit on Santa's lap and tell me what you want for Christmas.

Ellen sat on Ed's lap, she felt his hand hold her in place by touching her rear.

Ellen didn't think much of it.

So Ellen, have you been naughty or nice?

Well, what would you consider being naughty?

Ellen felt Ed's hand rub her butt cheeks, and she said nothing, she just looked him in the eyes.

Ed squeezed her buns, and still she said nothing, he looked at her and said, oh you are a naughty little girl.

Naughty girls need to be spanked, if you want to get back on the nice list, you'll do whatever I say.

Lay across my lap, you need a spanking. Ellen stood up, and positioned herself across Santa's lap, she was a bit surprised when Ed pulled up her skirt, exposing her red panties, with white trim.

Ho, Ho, Ho, You wore these for me, I see, and without any warning he spanked her hard on her ass. Ellen couldn't believe it, before she could say anything, again, and again.

Suddenly Ed pulled her panties down her thighs, exposing her bare behind, and another smack across her butt cheeks, she could feel the sting of his hand. Ellen now could also feel the swelling bulge that was growing in his crotch.

She placed her hand in his lap, Ed let out a grown of pleasure at her touch, and rubbed his hand on her ass.

Ellen slithered down to her knees and reached for Santa's belt, she unbuckled his belt, and pulled his pants down. Santa's pole was pointing north, and Ellen opened her mouth wide and sucked his hard cock inside.

Santa had a nice big 8 inch cock, and naughty Ellen was sucking and licking his cock, bobbing her head up and down. She wrapped her fingers around his thick shaft and stroked him as she fed more and more of his big cock deep inside her mouth.

While she was sucking Santa's cock, Ellen jammed two fingers into her juicy cunt, fucking herself as she continued to deep throat Santa's pole.

Faster and faster Ellen stroked his hard cock, she knew he was close to cumming, she wanted his load, she wanted to taste his cum. Santa watched as Ellen took all 8 inches deep, just as he started cumming inside her throat, he could feel her swallowing his every drop.

Santa noticed that Ellen was finger fucking herself, he had her lay down on the couch, he pulled her fingers out of her wet cunt and licked them clean, he than got down between her legs and started eating her sweet pussy.

Ellen could feel his white beard tickling her thighs, but it was his tongue she wanted, he was licking her cunt real good, running his tongue up and down her slit.

Eat my pussy Santa, eat me, lick my cunt, lick my clit, please Santa, lick my clit.

Ed started licking Ellen's clit, flicking his tongue against her little bud, sending her over the edge, she started cumming, and he just kept on licking.

Ed was hard again, he had to fuck her. She removed her dress, and her red and white matching bra, her boobs were perfect. He had to suck on her nipples before moving on to fucking. Again Ellen felt Santa's beard tickle her as he sucked on her pointy nipples.

Santa sat down, and said, O.K., you naughty little girl, sit on Santa's lap again, only this time she lowered her wet pussy down onto his hard cock. She used her fingers to spread her pussy lips apart and guided his ragging hard-on inside.

She was facing Ed, so she could look him in the eyes as he fucked her, and he also could suck on her nipples again. Ellen raised up, and lowered her pussy down, feeling every inch of his hard cock inside her wet cunt, his cock throbbing, as her pussy gripped his cock with every thrust.

Ellen continued riding his cock, she didn't notice Patty, sneaking down the stairs, Ed could see her. He saw that she was holding the candy cane shaped vibrator he had given her last year, she had already lubed it up good.

Ed pulled Ellen's butt cheeks apart, and she got the surprise of her life, Patty pushed the candy cane vibrator up her ass, and turned it on.

Ellen turned to see Patty standing there naked, her fingers rammed in her cunt, fucking herself, while watching Ellen get fucked by Santa.

Ed started cumming deep inside Ellen's cunt, Ellen was cumming now too, she was a bit shocked by this surprising turn of events.

Ed laid Ellen down, and Patty crawled between her legs and started licking Ed's load of cum from her snatch, while continuing to fuck her ass with the candy cane.

Ed just sat and watched as his step-daughter ate his load of cum out of Ellen's pussy. He sucked on his middle finger and spread Patty's butt cheeks wide and shoved his finger up her tight puckered asshole.

Ellen couldn't believe this, Patty had never mentioned anything about this to her, she thought they didn't keep secrets from each other. Patty was licking her good, she had already licked all of Santa's cum out, and now had Ellen about to cum again. Patty turned the vibrator to full speed, and rammed it in as far as the hook of the candy cane. Ellen was cumming, Patty licked up her cunt juices, while Ed continued fucking Patty's ass with his finger.

Ed's cock was hard again, he pulled his finger out of Patty's ass and replaced it with his hard cock. Patty squealed with both pain and pleasure, she loved getting fucked up the ass. 

Santa grabbed Patty's hips and gave a mighty shove, burying his cock all the way in. Ellen sat and watched as Ed fucked his step-daughter up her ass. Patty was on her knees, doggy-style, while Ed was fucking her from behind, his thick cock pulling almost all the way out, before pounding back in deep.

Ellen was getting turned on, the more she watched the hotter she became, and the wetter, she was dripping her juices down her thighs.

Ellen didn't know what it was that prompted her, but she found herself crawling under Patty, until her face was right under Patty's cunt. She stuck out her tongue and licked, her first taste of pussy. Patty dipped her tongue into Ellen's cunt again as well. The girls were sixty-nining, while Ed was fucking Patty up her ass.

Ellen could see Ed's big cock pushing in and out of Patty's asshole, she shoved her tongue inside of Patty's cunt as deep as she could, she could actually feel his cock as it moved inside of her.

Ellen found Patty's clit, she gripped it between her lips, her lips humming as she did so. Patty's orgasm erupted, she squirted her juices, filling Ellen's mouth with her female ejaculate. 

Ellen started cumming too, followed by Santa, he pulled his cock out of Patty's ass and shot his load all over her back.

They kissed Santa goodnight, and headed up to Patty's bedroom, Patty told Ellen how Ed had fucked her last year for the first time, her Mom didn't know, she didn't want her to find out, it was their little secret. 

Ellen told her their secret was safe with her, as long as she gets invited back for Christmas next year too.