 Just a few more presents to wrap, then she'd be done. Susanna looked at the clock. Stifling a yawn, she realized it was past 11:00. Well, she thought, it wouldn't hurt to take a little break. 

Of all the rotten luck, her husband was working night shift, so she was stuck by herself on Christmas Eve. She had ordered pizza, taken a hot bath, and slipped on her comfy bathrobe. Now she was wishing she'd wrapped all these presents earlier. Yawning again, she curled up on the couch with her favorite quilt and flipped on the TV. 

She must have been sleepier than she thought because the sound of the clock chiming 12 woke her up. Rubbing her eyes, she began to sit up when she heard a low chuckle. 

Her eyes flew open and she saw a figure sitting in the chair near the Christmas tree. Susanna opened her mouth to scream but the shadowed figure said, "Ssshhhhh." He stood up and walked slowly toward the couch. 

Susanna still couldn't see his face very clearly. The only lights in the room were from the TV and the Christmas tree. As he got closer, she scrambled to the other side of the couch. 

"Take whatever you want," she said, "The TV, the stereo, my money, I don't care. Just leave me alone." 

He edged closer and chuckled again. "I don't want any of those things," he murmured. 

"Then what did you come here for?" Susanna asked, terrified of what he'd say. 

Raising his voice to a normal level, he answered, "Don't you know, Honey? I came for you."

Her heart nearly stopped as soon as she recognized Anthony's voice. She slowly stood up and faced him. He stood still, gazing at her intently. She moved slowly toward him, trying to see his face. "Is that really you?" she whispered, clutching her robe around her. She was suddenly feeling very vulnerable. 

"You tell me," he said. He held out his hand to her and she looked at it a moment, hesitating. Again she looked to his face and felt a chill at the intensity of his gaze.

She had met Anthony online a few months earlier in an adult chat room, and they'd had the most amazing cyber sex. They'd chatted using a mic several times, so his voice was familiar to her. In fact, they'd shared some very intimate encounters, and now here he was, standing in her living room!

At last she reached out and let him grasp her fingers. He immediately pulled her to him and wrapped his arms around her. She melted into him and breathed in his scent. "Oh my God," she whispered against his chest, "Oh my God." 

He tipped her chin up so she was facing him. "Do you have a kiss for Santa?" he asked. 

"I don't have any mistletoe," she answered with a nervous giggle. 

He reached in his pocket and said, "Well you're lucky Santa comes prepared," as he pulled out a sprig of mistletoe. He held it over their heads and lowered his face to hers. Kissing her softly, she leaned into him. 

She slid her hands inside his shirt and felt his warm skin. With a soft groan, he slid his tongue into her mouth, deepening the kiss.

"If I'd known you were coming, Santa," Susanna whispered against his mouth, "I would have worn something more appropriate." 

He chuckled and said, "I think you're dressed just fine, little girl." She blushed and he smiled. "So tell me, Susanna, have you been naughty or nice?" 

She giggled in response and said, "Well, I'm in the mood to be a little naughty tonight."

He slid his hands around her waist, pulling her toward him. He kissed her deeply, their tongues sliding over each other and leaving them gasping for air. Anthony untied the sash and opened her robe. Her nipples hardened as the cool air hit them. She trembled at his touch.

"I think you've been a naughty little girl," he said. 

Susanna peeked up at him from under her eyelashes and said, "Is there any way I can get back on your 'nice' list?" 

"I might be able to think of something," he replied, unbuttoning his shirt so she could slip her hands inside. Susanna kissed his throat and caressed his warm skin. He slipped off the shirt and pulled her close.

"That's good," he said, "but you're going to have to try a lot harder to get on MY 'nice' list." Anthony unbuckled his belt. 

Taking his lead, Susanna said, "Let me do that for you, Santa." She opened his fly and slid her hand in to stroke his hard cock. Anthony felt himself being pushed backward until he was forced to sit on the couch. 

She knelt between his knees and took his cock in her mouth. Her aggressiveness and the warmth of her mouth nearly made him cum instantly. 

She ran her tongue up and down the length of him and he laid his head back and groaned. She took him in her mouth, slowly, until the tip touched the back of her throat. 

Teasing him with her tongue, she moved her mouth slowly up and down, lightly grazing him with her teeth. He opened his eyes and looked down at her. "Do you want me to finish?" she whispered.

"No. I want you to sit on Santa's lap," he told her. She stood up and her robe fell open, revealing her bare breasts and lack of panties. With a low growl, he said, "Now turn around," and she obeyed. 

Anthony grabbed her hips and pulled her closer so he could reach around to rub her clit and she moaned softly. "Why don't you come sit on Santa's lap, little girl," he said. Susanna let herself be guided onto his lap so that her ass was rubbing against his hard cock. 

Then he began stroking her wet pussy and nibbling at the soft nape of her neck. Susanna started squirming, wanting more. Without warning he shoved two fingers into her as far as they would go. She let out a little gasp, then relaxed into it and started moving herself up and down on his fingers. 

She was going crazy, rubbing her ass against his cock and bucking her hips with his movements.

Unable to stand it, she tried to get up so that she could let him enter her, but he wouldn't let her. Instead, he pushed her onto the floor on all fours. 

"Not so fast, you naughty little girl. You're not getting off that easy." He slapped her ass hard. She cried out, but didn't make any move to get up or move away from him. 

Gazing at her bare ass and the delicate tattoo on her lower back, Anthony couldn't hold back any longer, and plunged deep inside her. She cried out again, and moaned as he started thrusting into her. "You like it like that, don't you, naughty girl?"

"Oh, God, yes. Fuck me." Panting and moaning, Susanna shuddered underneath him as she came. He teased her nipples until she was squirming and moaning, but he kept at it until he felt her tighten again. 

Another slap to her ass sent her over the edge again, and he let her slide off him and to the floor, where she lay panting.

Anthony sat back on the couch and pulled Susanna up to him. With her robe hanging off her shoulders, she climbed onto his lap. "Can I tell Santa what I want now?" she said with a sexy smile. 

He smiled in response, his hard cock pressed against her. She lifted herself up, then came down on him slowly, lowering herself down until he was buried in her. "All I want for Christmas," she purred, leaning in for a kiss, "is you." 

"Oh God," he groaned, "Yes, yes." 

Susanna began moaning and thrusting her hips into him. Anthony took her nipple in his mouth and grabbed her ass, forcing her down on him even harder. "Oooohh, God," she moaned, grinding into him. 

Licking his finger, he reached around and began rubbing her ass, and stuck in one finger. She gasped, then relaxed. Slowly he worked the finger in and out as she warmed up to it. 

When she felt ready, he let another finger slide inside. She didn't protest at all, and Anthony was getting hot thinking about what he planned to do next. 

"Turn around," he told her, and she went back to all fours, presenting him with her ass. He rubbed her again, feeling her relax and open up to him. He put the tip of his cock up to it and rubbed a bit, waiting to see if she would say no. She didn't, and he pushed until the head of his cock disappeared inside her. 

Susanna shuddered, instinctively clamping down on it. He groaned, ready to cum already. Then she relaxed again, and he slid in, a half inch at a time, until he was fully buried in her ass. Taking his time, he worked himself back out, then in again. At last he was able thrust in and out without fear of hurting her. 

Susanna was so turned on she was gasping and moaning. "Good girl," he murmured, stroking her back, "You gonna cum for me again, Honey?" 

Anthony began to thrust faster, and soon Susanna felt another orgasm wash over her. Her ass tightened up, and it was just too much for him. He came hard, groaning and pulling her to him.

He withdrew from her and they climbed onto the couch, pulling the quilt over themselves as he spooned up behind her. He laced his fingers with hers and brushed the hair away from her neck, kissing her softly. "My precious," he whispered in her ear, "My good girl."

"Mmmmm," Susanna sighed sleepily, "I had no idea Santa was so naughty." 

Anthony chuckled and pulled her against him, "But wasn't it nice?" 

"'Nice' isn't quite the word I'd use, but it'll do," she whispered, and drifted off to sleep.

---

"Did you spend the whole night on the couch?" Startled at the sound of her husband's voice, Susanna shot up. Looking around frantically, she was relieved to see no sign of Anthony. 

"Um, yeah, I guess I did," she mumbled. She looked down and realized she was neatly tied back into her robe, completely respectable. Was it a dream? It couldn't have been, could it? Her husband went upstairs to change out of his work clothes, and Susanna got up, still somewhat disoriented. 

The more she thought about it, the more she knew it couldn't have been real. After all, how could he have gotten into her house in the first place? 

"Wow," she thought, "What a delicious dream!" She picked up the quilt to fold it up and put it away when something fell out. Reaching down, she picked it up, and her hand trembled as she looked at a crumpled sprig of mistletoe with a note tied to it. "Merry Christmas, Baby," it read. 

Susanna sighed and smiled to herself, slipping the mistletoe and the note into the pocket of her robe. "Merry Christmas indeed."