 Santa stepped into the room and closed the door. I sat up and in my best excited little girl voice said, "SANTA! I knew you would come!" He let out a jolly, "Ho ho oh", then said, "You must be Candy, I got your letter and your picture. How could I not come? Hopefully it wont be the last time I cum tonight." He was staying in character and I was thrilled. I didn't even have to tell him. Obviously he had some Santa fantasies of his own and tonight we are both winners. He walked over to the bed and sat down. He patted his lap and said, "Now why don't you sit on Santa's lap and tell him just why how naughty you were this year." I sat on his lap and told him, "Santa, I've been so naughty, I've done things with men that good girls shouldn't do." He did his Santa chuckle and said, "tell me all about it Candy. I'm sure we'll be able to work it out so that I can give you something." 

I giggled and said, "Well Santa, for starters, I let men touch my titties. I let them rub them, and squeeze them and I even let them suck on them." Santa nodded and said, "Oh my, and what else did you do?" 

"I also let men touch me down there where I pee. I let them touch it and rub it too. Some of them would even stick their fingers inside of me and I didn't stop them. I let them push their fingers in and out of me and rub my clit too." I said.

"My goodness Candy, that is bad. Is there more?" Santa said. 

I looked down as if I was ashamed and whispered, "Yes Santa, there's more. Not only did I let men touch me and put their finger inside me, I also let them lick me down there. I know I shouldn't have but it feels so good when their tongues lick plow up and down through the lips, and especially when they lick my clit and when they suck on it too. I can't help myself. I even let them put their tongues inside of me and tongue fuck me. I know it's wrong but it makes me feel so good."

I could feel Santa getting hard as we played out little game. He lifted a hand and started to unbutton my blouse. "I think maybe I should see just what you are talking about so I can judge how bad you really are Candy." He opened the top couple buttons and lifted out one of my tits. He rubbed the nipple and pinched it, I sighed. "Is this what you let them do Candy?" He asked as he lowered his head and licked my hard nipple, then sucked it into his mouth. I moaned and said, "Yes Santa, just like that!"

As he sucked my tit, I felt his hand moving up my inner thigh. When he reached my pussy, he ran his finger between my pussy lips and found my clit, he used his thumb to rub it an slipped two fingers inside me. He looked up and said, "And is this what they did down here Candy?"

I gasped and started ever so slightly pushing back and forth, "Yes Santa, that's what I let them do. Oh Santa it feels so good, I'm so naughty."

Santa was rock hard, I could feel his cock pressing against my ass. He was breathing heavier too. He said, "Yes you are a very naughty little girl, is this all you let the men do?" 

I looked at him wide eyed and said, "No Santa there's more. Sometimes I would get on my knees in front of a man and I would let him stick his dick in my mouth. Then I would suck on it. I know it was wrong, but that's not all, I sucked on their balls too. And sometimes, I would let them cum in my mouth, or on my face. But mostly on my titties, because I like to see that." His fingers were working slightly faster now, I could tell he was getting more excited.

Santa continued playing with me and said, "Candy, you really have been naughty, but if that's it, I think we can work something out. Is that the extent of your badness?

I shook my head. "No Santa, sometimes I would get naked and lay down and spread my legs wide and I let the men get on top of me and stick their dicks inside of me. Then I would let them push it in and out. Again, I know it's wrong but it feels so good. I also sometimes let them get behind me while I am on my hands and knee's and let them mount me like a dog. Or sometimes they would lay on their back and I would sit on their dicks and bounce up and down till they would shoot their load of cum." I felt Santa, rub faster and harder on my clit, his fingers pumping faster and harder inside of me. I felt him start to pump against my ass. I was so horny I could hardly stand it. I knew I was going to cum soon. Santa was finger fucking me, rubbing my clit and I was going to cum. I said, "OH SANTA! I'm going to be bad again and cum all over your hand!" 

Santa's demeanor changed from jolly old St Nick to horny old man and he said, "Yeah baby, cum on Santa's hand, that's it baby bear down and do it."

I did. I bared down on his hand and let out a loud moan, as I came in wave after wave of orgasmic bliss. "YES, YES, YEEEEESSSS I'M CUMMING SANTA, I'M CUMMING HARD!" I yelled as my body shook and convulsed on Santa's lap. 

When it was over, I collapsed against him. He pulled his hand from between my legs, it was wet and shiny from my juices. He raised it to his mouth and licked his hand, "Mmm mmm mmm, that's good." He said. Then he put me on the bed and stood up.

"Well Candy, I guess you were right, you have been a very, very naughty girl. This little escapade tonight didn't help you any. But don't get upset, there is a way to get on my nice list." While he spoke, his hand was rubbing himself though his Santa pants.

"How's that Santa?" I asked, watching him rub himself and feeling myself wanting him more and more.

"There's an old trick that not many know about, if you do whatever Santa says, and can make Santa cum, you automatically get put on the nice list. Do you want to give it a try Candy?" He said.

I said, "Oh yes pleas Santa, I'll do anything and I'll try my best."

"Very well, then just lay back and do as I tell you. Spread your legs wide." He said. Then he got on the bed and went to work licking my pussy.

I gasped and moaned and squirmed as he licked and sucked me. He nibbled my clit and tongue fucked me. He licked me good. I felt it happening again, my body started to shiver and I yelled out, "OH YES SANTA! LICK MY PUSSY, LICK IT GOOD! MAKE ME CUM!" as I did just that. I thrust up at his face over and over as wave after wave of orgasm hit me. 

When I was done, he sat up, "Damn you are one hot little piece of ass, no wonder you are so bad. He pulled the elastic waist of his pants down and exposed his cock and balls. I was not disappointed. I was about eight inches long and thick. The tip was shiny with his precum droplets. He stroked himself as he looked at me lying there, shirt open and tits exposed, skirt pushed up to my waist, lays spread exposing my dripping wet pussy. He licked his lips then moved up till he was straddling my chest. He laid his throbbing cock between my tits and pushed them together, then started to titty fuck me.

I licked at his cock head every time he pushed it towards my mouth. I wanted to taste his cock so bad. It was like he read my mind. I stopped and moved up. I opened my mouth and took all I could. I sucked him hard; I licked him and played with his balls. He was moaning, and every now then would say, "Yeah baby, suck Santa's dick, suck it baby." 

I was torn, I loved sucking him and wanted him to cum in my mouth, I just knew he had a big load in there. On the other hand, I really wanted to be fucked in the pussy by Santa too. 

He suddenly pulled away and said, not yet baby, not yet. Then he inched up and laid his balls on my face. "Lick my ass and my balls Candy." He ordered. 

I did as I was told. I tongued his ass and licked and sucked his balls. He was moaning louder saying, "Yes, lick Santa's ass you dirty little whore, lick my ass. Suck my balls, suck my balls and lick my ass you bad little girl." 

After a couple minutes, he moved down and positioned himself between my legs, "What a nice pussy you have Candy, now Santa is going to fill it up for you." He spread my lips with one hand and with the other he rubbed his dick over my opening, teasing me. "How bad do you want this Candy?" he asked.

"I want it real bad Santa, I want you to ram your big hard cock into my pussy real bad. Please Santa, do it now!" I said, needing it more than I ever need a cock. I couldn't take it anymore, "Fuck me Santa, fuck me hard, give it to me!" I moaned loudly. "I want your big hard cock so bad, please fuck me now Santa, fuck me hard!"

With that, Santa rammed his long, thick dick all the way into my wet pussy till his balls hit my ass. I screamed out in pleasure as he entered me hard and fast. "OHHHHHH! YES SANTA THAT'S HOW I WANT IT!" 

I looked at the sight before me, Santa Clause with his long snowy white beard that glistened with wetness from eating my pussy, he hat still on his head and in full Santa suit with his pants pushed down in the front just so that his big cock and balls were out, was on his knees, between my legs fucking me like there was no tomorrow. It was my dream come true.

Santa fucked me hard, ramming himself in and out of my pussy over and over as I grunted with each thrust. "Oh yes that's it Santa, fuck me harder, fuck me you fat bastard!" I never felt this good before.

Santa was grunting, fucking me hard. "what a tight pussy you have" he said. "I could fuck you for days you little slut". 

Suddenly he pulled out, but before I could protest, he flipped me over and pushed his cock into me from behind, I felt him lay on me, his hips pumping into me. He lay on me humping me for a while, he was heavy but I didn't care, it felt so very good. Then he rolled onto his side taking me with him. He kept fucking me. He swung his leg over me and hooked around my leg letting him get deeper inside me with each thrust. He squeezed my tit with his hand then moved down and rubbed my pussy as he fucked me. "Oh yeah, oh yeah baby, so good, so fuckin' good." 

I agreed, it was so good. "Yes Santa it's so good, don't stop fucking me Santa. Fuck me harder...oh yeah fuck me...fuck me..." my words trailed off as I felt the orgasm build. I happened again, "OH FUCK! OH YEAH SANTA...SANTA! I'M CUMMING SANTA, I'M CUMMING!" and I did. "YEEEEESSSSSS..." I wailed as I convulsed like I was being electrocuted. I was cumming so hard I could harldy take it."

Suddenly, Santa said, "Oh baby, I'm gonna cum!" and I felt him pull out of me and instead of fucking in my pussy, he spread my pussy lips and pressed the length of his cock between them and slid it back and forth over the hole and clit. 

I urged him on, "Cum Santa, cum for Candy. That's it big man, give me your cum." I angled myself to get a view of it and watched as he shot his load of cum up onto my belly and onto the bed. When he emptied his balls, he rolled onto his back and I heard, "Ho ho ho! Looks like Candy is back on the nice list."

Then he got up, tucked his now soft, limp cock and low hanging balls back into his pants. "Santa has to get going now Candy. But you are the best fuck Santa's had all year. If you are bad again before Christmas, you know what you have to do."

With on last "HO HO HO!" he left the room and I lay on the bed basking in the best fuck ever. I had just been fucked by Santa Clause and loved it. I cant wait till February and Cupid comes to the mall.