 Patrick's Point of View.

Every time she comes over I find myself watching her out of the corner of my eye. Why did she always choose to come to me? Sure, we're friends and all. She'd always come over and just chill. Not that I'm complaining, she was always a joy to be around and certainly not an eyesore. That was the problem though. She was well and truly out of my league and it killed me inside that I couldn't do what I really wanted to do to her. She'd always say how nice I am. How glad she was to have a friend like me. If only she knew what was really going through my mind every time she sat down on my sofa. 

Her name was Amber. She wasn't very tall, around 5ft3" maybe? She had the most mouth watering curves you'd ever lay your eyes on. Her breasts, although heavy were high and firm. From what I could see anyway. She had a tiny little waist that spanned back out to show beautiful full hips, and her ass! Don't even get me started on her ass. Round, high, firm and from I can see it looks tight as hell. Her hair was long, really long and a beautiful chestnut brown colour with blonde tips. Ombre, she'd called it. Her complexion was always flawless and pale. Like a true English rose that complimented her big blue eyes. Her straight white teeth were hidden behind a pair of full juicy looking lips that I constantly wanted to kiss. 

She was standing out on the balcony overlooking the busy city in silence. She was quite upset when she came over unannounced. I didn't want to pry into whatever it was that upset her so I just let her in. She gave me that sad smile that had broke my heart on more than one occasion and went straight out onto the balcony to have a smoke. With me not being a smoker she knows I wouldn't appreciate her smoking in the apartment. I looked at her she had her back to me and I could see that beautiful ass of hers as she blew out a cloud of thick smoke. She was wearing those black jeans again. The ones that were so tight she may as well have painted them on. On her upper body was a grey jumper, also tight. Nothing was showing, no cleavage, no leg but she still turned me on so much it was almost infuriating. This woman was just unreal. I've never met her parents but they really did a good job when they created her. 

I first met her about 4 months ago in a bar. She was alone and of course upset. I myself was drowning my sorrows in a bottle of Jack Daniels at the bar. She had strolled in and sat down on the bar stool next to mine. She introduced herself and asked the bar tender for an extra glass. Would it have been anyone else I would have told them to fuck off but those eyes, they just hypnotized me. We both sat on our stools and drank our way through the bottle of Jack until the early hours of the morning. We both went our separate ways but I kept going back to that same bar in the hopes that she'd come back. I couldn't get those eyes out of my head and I needed to at least exchange numbers with her. A week later she came back, another week later she came back to apartment with me but nothing happened. Nothing ever did happen, I was officially in the friend zone.

"I'm sorry I came over without calling or anything." Her voice, like honey brought me out of my daze. "I just, I just had to get out of my house for a little while." 

I didn't say anything, merely gave her a nod of my head as she came and sat next to me. I held a breath as she rests her head on my shoulder letting out a broken sigh. She did this a lot. I didn't know if she was just teasing me for the fuck of it or if this was how she genuinely was towards her friends. She was extremely confusing. Her slender hand came to rest on my knee and I bit my lip. If she knew what she was doing then she was an evil, evil woman. We've been in this position so many times before, she'd be all over me but not completely. All she ever wanted to do was snuggle with me and it was annoying as fuck. Was I seriously that friend she could just cuddle with and she wouldn't feel turned on or even awkward about it? Then it dawned on me, what if she thought I was gay? 

"Patrick, I should really get going." She said with sigh before standing up and looking down at me on the couch. "Thank you for being here for me, like always." There is that amazing smile. "You're such a good friend." 

With that she was gone. I felt the anger build up before I could control it and let out a growl. My hands balled into fists I stalked into my bedroom and slammed the door shut. Why do I let her do this to me? I turn down so many girls because of her. What if she came over, unannounced one day and saw me banging some other chick? What would her reaction be? Would she care? Probably not. Not only was I angry I was also immensely horny. Pulling my clothes off so I was just in my boxer shorts I quickly got into bed. I tried to go to sleep but all I could think of was what it'd be like to have her in this bed with me. One part of me wanted to be between her thighs, eating her sweet little pussy while the other part wanted to fuck her face brutally for being such a little cock tease. 

Just the thought of her mouth around my throbbing cock, her eyes streaming as I held her pretty face down and watching her gag on it made me throw the sheets off me and grab my dick and slowly jerk myself off. Pumping the hot and hard flesh with a tight grip. I pictured myself holding her silky hair in a ponytail as I pulled it, making her arch her back and stick her ass up as I pound into her dripping cunt from behind. I closed my eyes as the sounds of her screaming my name filled my ears, pulling on my dick harder and faster and before I knew it I came all over my stomach. I lay there breathless and becoming more and more sticky as I just gaze up at the ceiling. Enough is enough, I can't live like this anymore. I need to find someone else instead of pining after someone what obviously doesn't want me. I get up and go take a quick shower before calling it a night and going to bed. 

Amber's Point of View.

I left Patrick's house and inwardly kicked myself. Damn, I was so fucking stupid! For the past 4 months we'd grown closer and closer but nothing had happened. He was a beautiful man, small but beautiful. He must be around maybe 5ft8 or something. He's taller than me but it wouldn't bother me if he wasn't. His blue grey eyes that most of the time were covered by thick rimmed black glasses always seemed to render me speechless. He was 7 years older than me, I didn't mind the small age gap though. He was only 30 and he looked amazing, he had such a cute baby face and he always looked so innocent. There was so much more that I wanted to see but couldn't because for some reason whenever I'm around him I lose all of my confidence. I'd always tell him how much of a great friend he is. I put the man in the fucking friend zone and only had myself to blame for it.

Before I even walk into my house I can hear my stepdad shouting at my Mom. It was a daily occurrence but she'd never leave him, no matter how many times he drunkenly hits her. I just hope that one day she will see sense and kick his nasty drunken ass to the curb. I can't believe I'm saying this but if she killed him, I'd help her hide the body. Soon enough I hear him storm upstairs and slam his bedroom door closed. He'd be passed out soon enough and completely forget any of this ever happened. 

I pull off my clothes and get into bed. As soon as my head hits the pillow I'm greeted with the image of Patrick's smiling face. Although, he hasn't smiled that much lately. I fear I'm beginning to annoy him constantly showing up at his apartment. It's just that for some reason I feel like I'm drawn to him. I just can't stay away, his whole personality is addictive. He's been a rock for me the past 4 months since knowing him but I'm not sure if he's attracted to me or not. I just wish I had the guts to make a move on him but I can't bring myself to do it. I know he's not a mind reader, I just can't win. 

Sighing to myself I sit up and rummage around in my bedside table drawer and smile triumphantly as I spot the small but very powerful bullet vibrator. I quickly check the door is locked and turn the little gadget on. A soft moan escapes my lips as I softly brush it against my right nipple. It immediately puckers against the cold vibrating metal sending a rush of arousal throughout my body and straight to my throbbing pussy. I move to the other nipple and bite my lip at the rush coursing through me again. My hand slowly makes it way down the middle of my body to my lace covered sopping wet pulsating cunt and I lightly run the vibrator over my lips gasping at the sensations it causes me to feel. I press the vibrator against my clit through the lace and my whole body shudders. His face appears behind my closed eyelids as I move my underwear to the side. The vibrator now against my naked clit I repeatedly gasp his name over and over as I'm brought to a strong but empty orgasm. 

As I come back down from my high I notice a light by my thigh and my stomach lurches as I look at the screen on my cell phone and realise I've called someone, with my thigh. The call is still going on as I look down at the little timer on it. 15 minutes and counting. With a slowness that could win me a grammy I place the phone against my ear.

"P-Patrick?" I whisper into the receiver. "I can explain."

"Get here, now." Is all that's said before he cuts the call off. 

I look down at the home screen on my phone as I sit on my bed like an idiot. Get the fuck up, Amber! Shaking my head I put my clothes back on and make my way down the stairs. Ignoring my mother's questioning of where the hell I'm going at 1am, seriously, I'm 23 years old. I leave the house and make my way to the apartment complex in town. The walk was about 30 minutes long but it helped me really think about what was going to happen when I get to Patrick's. He sounded so mad on the phone. Maybe he didn't like me and he wanted to humiliate me in person. No, he isn't a total douche bag. 

Patrick's Point of View.

I notice my phone buzzing and frown as I notice Amber is calling me. What could she possibly want at quarter to 1 in the morning? Nevertheless I answer the call but don't say anything. I immediately hear a buzzing sound which makes me wonder what the hell she's doing. The gasp and then quiet moan from her causes me to raise my eyebrows and my mouth to gape open. Surely she's called me by accident? She's never done this before. I know I should end the call but I can't. My cock begins to get hard again as her moaning becomes louder. As she gets closer and closer to her orgasm she starts chanting something, at first I couldn't make it out but then I know. My name. She's calling out my name as she fucking masturbates. 

Then it's over and I hear fumbling and cursing. She obviously didn't mean to call me on purpose. She speaks in to the phone and she sounds mortified. I didn't know what to do or say, my cock was once again throbbing because of her only this time I know that she actually wants me. So I do what any man would do. I tell her to get here, now.

I don't bother getting dressed, not caring that my raging hard on is more than evident through my boxers. I wait for half an hour until that knock on my door sends my nerves into overdrive. Can I do this? I want her so much and she wants me, that much is very clear now. I take a deep breath as I walk to the door and open it. There she is, in the clothes she wore earlier. Her hair is windswept and her cheeks are rosy from the cold air outside. She looks at me expectantly in the door way, not coming in like she normally would. I move to the side silently to invite her in and she slowly walks past me, her healed boots clicking away on the laminate floor. My eyes instantly go to her ass, that fucking ass. She turns back around to face me chewing on her full bottom lip. My eyes slide down the short length of her body and back up to her eyes. I swing the door shut trying not to wince as it slams shut. 

"Take your clothes off." I say. 

She looks at me, her face flushing even more as she pulls her boots off. I watch her as she pulls the tight jumper off and smirk to myself as I notice that she's not wearing a bra. God, those tits are like heaven! Her hands tremble as she unbuttons those insanely tight jeans and slowly pushes them down her legs then off her feet. She hooks her thumbs into the waistband of her tiny white lace panties and looks at me. I give her a nod of my head and watch as she slowly pulls them off. She stands there, naked in my living room looking at anything and anywhere but at me. Her cheeks a flaming pink colour. I look down at her pussy, shaved bare and I swear my mouth literally waters. 

I walk over to her so we are face to face, my hand going into her silky mass of wavy hair and as I bring my lips to hers, almost kissing them I pull on her hair, yanking her head back so I have access to her beautiful throat. I lightly graze my teeth across the soft skin breathing in her intoxicating perfume and sink my teeth in. She gasps as I suck on the flesh, not caring if I leave a mark and believe me, I plan on it. I pull away and drag her over to the balcony, opening the door and shove her against the railing. Her hands grip onto the cold white metal as her skin erupts in goosebumps from the cold air. 

"Patrick." She moans out my name. "It's so cold." 

I chuckle at her and run my hand down her back to her ass and grip it, squeezing. I moan to myself at the peachy globe of flesh in my hand and then spank it, hard. She yelps out making me smile to myself and I spank that fine ass again. My hand follows the crack of her ass under and between her thighs. I'm immediately greeted with her hot, wet cunt. I rub at it softly, teasing her. Getting her back for all of those times she's teased me without even knowing it. 

"You're so fucking wet, Amber." I whisper in her ear. "Are you wet for me?"

She nods her head and I pull her hair hard again, making her whimper and close her eyes from the pain in her scalp. 

"Tell me," I murmur. "Tell me you're wet for me." 

"I'm wet for you, Patrick." She moans out. Her eyes locking on mine. "I'm so fucking wet for you." 

I lose it. I pull her head towards mine and crash my lips down onto hers. Her mouth immediately opens, inviting my tongue in as they both fight for dominance. I push my tongue into her mouth more, making her suck on it. My cock throbs and I pull away, pushing her down onto her knee's. 

"I'll give you what you want." I say. "But first you're going to give me what I want." 

Her eyes, shining in the moonlight look up at me as my dick, still covered by the fabric of my boxers pokes at her face. Her fingers grab at my boxers and she pulls them down. Her eye's widening at the sight of my penis making me smirk. No one ever guesses that I'm that big and she was no exception. 

"Open your mouth." I mutter. My hand still in her hair pulls her head back.

She opens that pretty little mouth of hers and I slide my cock inside of it. I bite my lip with a groan as her lips close around it and I let her work on it herself for a little while. Her mouth felt like warm, wet velvet wrapped around my dick. Her tongue circling around the head for a couple seconds before she started moving her head. 

"I'm bored now." Obviously I wasn't. "My turn."

I held her head in place as I began to thrust my hips into her face. Slow at first but then gaining some momentum as I began to full on fuck her face. The sounds of her gagging on my cock as it hit the back of her throat was so erotic, it was like my ultimate fantasy come true. Her eyes began to water as she looked up at me. I pulled out for a second so she could catch her breath and then began to fuck that pretty face of hers again. Her hands gripped on my ass and squeezed it. Her eyes closed and I stopped my movements, my cock lodged deep in her throat. 

"Open your eyes." 

Her eyes slid open and began to pound away again. The slurping and gagging sounds really turning me on. As I looked down I noticed she was playing with herself, rubbing her clit relentlessly. This sent me over the edge and I came, hard into her mouth. Part of me expected her to spit it out but she didn't. She swallowed everything I had to give her and sucked the rest off my dick. She pulled away and gave me a look that I hadn't seen before. 

"My turn." 

Amber's Point of View.

I stood up to face Patrick and kissed him, shoving my tongue down his throat. I hoped he could taste himself on my tongue as he sucked on it. Without breaking our kiss I walked him into the living room and pushed him down on to the couch. I climbed on top of him and crawled up his body until my pussy was above his face. I watched him as he licked his lips and wrapped his hands around my thighs pulling me down onto his awaiting mouth. The first thing I felt was his tongue plunge deep into my soaking wet hole. My hands playing with my tits, I pulled hard on my nipple as he tongue fucked my little cunt. I wanted his tongue on my clit and part of me thinks he knew that but he just kept tonguing my hole until I begged for it. 

"Tongue my clit, Patrick." I moaned out. "Please." 

He laughed to himself as his tongue found my little button and sucked it into his mouth making me moan out loud. This was so much better than my vibrator! Unbelievable, I was supposed to be the one in charge now and he was still dominating me even with his face buried in my pussy he seemed to be the one calling the shots. The suction didn't stop as his tongue joined the party and began tracing patterns over my engorged clit and I screamed out his name as I came all over his face. He didn't stop though, he just kept sucking and sucking until I thrashed violently against his face and fell across the sofa. 

He somehow moved out from under me and pulled me into his arms, kissing me deeply making me suck my juices off his tongue like I'd done to him. His hand went into my hair again, pulling me up so I was standing and making me follow him into his bedroom. I'd never seen his bedroom before but I didn't get a chance to take in my surroundings as he pushed me face down against the bed and pulled my ass up to him. His hands all over my skin as he muttered something about how beautiful my ass was. His finger traced along my slit, making me flinch when he touch my still sensitive clitoris. His lips placed soft kisses across my cheeks making me squirm. I yelped out loud as he sunk his teeth into the sensitive skin of my ass. 

"I'm gonna' eat your ass." He stated. "And you're gonna' love it." 

I bit my lip as his tongue pressed against my tight pink ass hole momentarily before he began circling it with that amazing tongue. Then he flicked it before pushing his tongue in as deep as he could. It felt weird as hell and at first I wasn't sure if I liked it but then his hand began to rub at my pussy, two fingers pushing inside while his other hand rubbed at my clit hard and fast. His tongue pushing in and out of my virgin ass hole while he finger fucked me and rubbed relentlessly at my clit and I felt my face begin to flush and my legs wobble. I screamed out his name so loud as I came all over his fingers I wouldn't be surprised if I woke his neighbours. 

"Told you that you'd love it." He said arrogantly as I laid across his bed getting my breath back. 

I finally turned around and sat on his bed looking at him. His expression was unreadable as he looked down at me stroking his hard cock. I wanted it inside of me so bad. 

"I want you." I said, looking him dead in the eyes. "I've always wanted you Patrick. I've just been too shy to say anything." 

"You're not so shy now are you?" He questioned. His hand still slowly jerking off his amazing dick.

"You just had your tongue in my fucking ass." I said with a raised eyebrow. "I don't think I have anything to be shy about anymore." 
