 Christmas was fast approaching and the whole town was getting ready. Everyone was putting up Christmas trees and lights. With the snow that had fallen everything had a holiday feel to it. It was the Saturday two weeks before Christmas and Carsons General was a busy place. Carsons was the main store in this small mid western town. They had a little bit of everything it seemed. Clothes, shoes, hardware, appliances, housewares, toys, you name it they probably had it. Carsons was filled with Christmas shoppers. Next to the toy section was a big Santa's Workshop display, complete with Santa's throne. Every Saturday evening during the Christmas season Santa stopped by Carsons to spend some time with the children. 

Santa was actually Billy Ray Carson, the fourth generation of his family to run the store. Billy Ray's life was the store. He worked there ever since he was a little boy. Now in his 50's it was his store. His parents retired and left the store to him several years ago. Every day Billy Ray could be found at the store. He loved being on the floor, interacting with the people who shopped at his store.

He never married, never had kids but he loved playing Santa Claus. He even had a few extra pounds around his belly so he pulled off the Santa look quite convincingly. He always had a girl play an Elf, to keep things orderly and moving. This year Christine approached him about being Santa's Elf. Christine was hired during the summer months and was an ideal employee. She got her job done, was very friendly and helpful to the customers. While Billy Ray found Christine to be very attractive they've had a purely professional relationship.

Christine was a strawberry blonde in her late 30's. She was an attractive woman who kept herself in great shape by eating right and exercising daily. She certainly didn't look to be in her late 30's. Being she wasn't married many of the male employees at Carsons tried to date her. But she always turned them down. 

The kids with their moms and dads began lining up to visit with Santa. Billy Ray put on the Santa suit, complete with white hair and beard, red hat and black boots. There was a knock on his office door.

"Santa, are you ready? The kids are waiting."

Billy Ray opened the door, there was Christine in her Elf outfit. A one piece green mini dress, green stockings, green shoes with a pointy toe. On her head she had an elf's hat. Billy Ray thought she looked really nice. 

"Ok lets go." He said and Christine led the way to his throne. The kids where excited to see Santa.

"Ho Ho Ho Merry Christmas everyone!" He shouted out as he sat in his throne. Christine led the first kid to Santa and things got under way. At first it was the same old thing. He would ask if they were a good boy or girl this year, they always wanted a spider man action figure, a pony or something like that. Things were running smoothly. But then Billy Ray noticed that Christine seemed to be eyeing him. He wasn't sure about it so he glanced at her. She was looking at him, her back to the line of kids and parents. She gave him a little wink. He wasn't sure what that was about so he returned his attention back to the little boy sitting on his lap.

Several kids later he glanced at Christine again, this time she licked her lips seductively. This caught him by surprise. For a second he forgot about the little girl on his lap talking about her bad brother. He recovered quickly though. He snuck a glance at Christine again but she was busy with the next girl in line and her mother.

The next little girl was very young, she needed help to get up on Billy Ray's lap. Christine bent over directly in front on Billy Ray, giving him a nice view of her legging covered ass. It was a nice one. As he was enjoying the view Christine turned her head. She saw he was looking and she smiled. She picked up the little girl and placed her on his lap.

"Oh Santa you're turning me on." she whispered in his ear. Billy Ray was totally unprepared for that. He froze for a couple of seconds before regaining his composure and focused on the little girl on his lap.

The next several kids became a blur, he couldn't tell you their names or what they wanted for Christmas. He kept taking quick glances at Christine, most of the time she was busy with the next kid and parents. But when she was facing him she would always wink, lick her lips or blow him a kiss. When she placed a kid on his lap she would sometime whisper to him.

"I'm so turned on right now."

"I want your big Santa cock."

"Oooh Santa."

"I've been a good girl Santa but I want to be bad with you." 

The store closed by the time the last kid sat with Santa. As Christine escorted the last kid and his mom out the door Billy Ray told the rest of his staff they could go home, he would lock up. He pulled off his hat and beard as he toured the store, making sure all the doors were locked. Christine was still at the Santa display, tidying up a bit. As Billy Ray approach she turned to him. 

"Please put the beard and hat back on."

"Why?"

"Don't ruin my fantasy." Billy Ray was confused but he did as he was told. When he was done she took his hand and led him to Santa's throne.

"Please can I sit on Santa's lap now?" She asked in a cute sexy voice. Billy Ray sat in the throne, not exactly sure what Christine was up to. She jumped into his lap, put her arms around his neck.

"Oh Santa I've lied. I've not been such a good girl this year. I hope you will still bring me some presents."

"Well Christine, how bad have you been?"

"Bad enough. I have to make it up to you some how." As she said this she reached down into his lap, found his cock through his pants and rubbed. 

"Christine what are you doing?"

"Santa, I want to make it up to you, so you see that I am not such a bad girl." She slid off his lap between his legs. She rubbed his cock which was rapidly coming to life. She pulled down his pants to expose his cock. She grabbed it and it instantly became hard. It had been years since Billy Ray had been with a woman, none as sexy as Christine.

"I want your big Santa cock." She stroked it. He had forgotten how good a woman's hand on his cock felt. Christine hand felt great as it slowly stroked up and down. Christine licked the head of his cock, he moaned. She ran her tongue all around the head of his cock.

"Your cock is so big and delicious, Santa." She kissed the head of his cock, then licked it again. She looked up at Billy Ray, smiled then sucked his cock into her mouth. She bobbed up and down on his cock, still maintaining a firm grip on the base of his cock with her hand. Billy Ray began to move his hips, slowly thrusting his cock deeper into her mouth. She pulled off, kept stroking with her hand.

"Does Santa like this?"

"Oh yes." moaned Billy Ray. Stuffing his cock back in her mouth she continued to work it. Up and down, running her tongue over it, squeezing his balls. As he hadn't been with a woman in a long time it didn't take much before his cock was tingling all over. It was as hard as its been in a long time. It ached to release its load.

"Oh Santa you like this." Christine said as she stroked his cock.

"Oh yes" was all Billy could respond with.

"Santa I want your cum, give it too me." And she sucked his cock back into her mouth. Squeezing his balls, sucking on his cock, he couldn't stop it. His hips rose as he shot a huge load deep into her mouth. A second later another load let go. She sucked it all in, his hips rising to meet her face as she sucked on his cock. He shot several more times before he was done. She sucked it all up and continued to suck after he was done. 

He settled back into his throne, his cock rapidly deflating. Christine continued to suck his cock, eager to get all of his cum. 

"Oh my God that was great." Billy Ray said, trying to catch his breath. Christine was licking the final drops of cum leaking from his cock.

"Thank you Santa for that. I loved it. I hope you can see that I was a good girl this year."

She got up and disappeared around the corner. Billy Ray finally got up, his legs were a bit wobbly at first, he pulled up his pants and fixed himself. Christine reappeared and he let her out the back door. 

"Good Night Santa." She waved as she got in her car.

The next week was strange. Christine worked her regular shift, she acted like nothing had ever happened. Billy Ray went out of his way several times to see her, even asked if she had fun Saturday night being Santa's helper. She said yes, said that most of the kids where good. But no mention of the after hours activities.

Billy Ray was a bit confused by this. He couldn't have been dreaming, could he? No it was all too real. But if Christine didn't want to bring it up he wasn't going to. So he went about his daily business. But he also kept an close eye on Christine when he could, without making it obvious. Maybe he never really noticed before but Christine was a very sexy woman. Even in her late 30's she still sexier than most of the younger girls working at Carsons.

It was a busy week for Billy Ray and Carsons with Christmas fast approaching. One last weekend before Christmas, everyone finishing up their shopping. It was so busy that Billy Ray actually forgot about the events from last Saturday night. That was until Saturday morning when he remembered he was to play Santa again that night and Christine was to be his elf. His cock stirred. Christine wasn't scheduled until mid afternoon and Billy Ray couldn't wait to see her.

She arrived a little before 2 and immediately got to work. Billy Ray wanted to talk to her but didn't want to see overly anxious. He waited a while before approaching her.

"Hi Christine, ready for tonight?"

"Oh hi Mr Carson, yes I'm looking forward to seeing all the kids and their Christmas wishes."

She gave no indication that there was anything else on her mind, just her job and seeing the kids all excited for Christmas. Billy Ray went back to the stores business, but thoughts of Christine and last Saturday night were never far off. The seemed to drag on for Billy Ray despite the fact he was very busy.

Finally it came time to get ready. He changed into the Santa outfit in his office. He was a bit early and the wait for Christine come get him was killing him. Finally she knocked. He opened the door, Christine was in the same Elf outfit as last week. He looked her up and down, she didn't notice as she was looking at the people in line waiting to visit with Santa.

"Oh looks to be a busy one Santa, are you ready?"

"Of course I am." and off they went to Santa's workshop.

It started off normally, however Billy Ray kept sneaking glances at Christine. If she had anything in mind she was certainly hiding it good. She seemed to be enjoying her elf duties, keeping things moving smoothly with a smile.

Billy Ray detected nothing about Christine that would lead him to believe she was going to repeat last Saturday's performance. After an hour or so he forgot about it as the children kept coming. Seemed like an endless line. 

Soon the end was in sight. Billy Ray, while thoroughly enjoying his time as Santa was also anxious to get out of the suit which was making him hot. Christine brought a little boy over, sat him on his lap, her face close to Billy Ray's when she whispered:

"Oh Santa I am so turned on right now."

This caught Billy Ray by surprise but Christine just went back to her duties like nothing had happened. Billy Ray hesitated before snapping back to reality, bringing his attention back to the boy sitting on his lap. The last few kids were a blur to Billy Ray, as his attention was more on Christine than the kids. 

He watched her more closely, she would lick her lips seductively, being careful to have her back to the waiting parents whenever she did this. As last week when she brought the last few kids to his lap she would whisper something in his ear.

"I'm so hot right now Santa."

"My pussy is so wet thinking of you."

Billy Ray couldn't stand it, his cock hard in his pants. Good thing the Santa suit was a bit bulky, it kept his bulging cock well covered. He couldn't wait for the last kid to finish, but he still took his time with each and everyone of them. The time seemed to drag.

Finally the last kids was done, all the customers were gone. He told the remaining staff to go, he would lock up. He never locked up the store quicker in his life, practically running, his cock hard in anticipation of the excitement he hoped awaited him. When the store was all locked up he headed back towards Santa's throne. There was Christine, sitting in the throne, her legs crossed, she looked very sexy. Billy Ray stopped and stared.

"Oh Santa I've been hoping you would return."

"Um, yeah, I a, um, I was hoping you were still here too."

"Santa you turn me on so much. Come to me." Billy Ray did as he was told. Christine sat up, unfolded her legs putting her feet on the ground with her legs spread. Billy Ray approached. He stopped short of her. Christine looked up into Billy Ray's eyes, seductively licked her lips, reached out, grabbed him by his belt and pulled him closer. 

"I'll been waiting all day for this Santa." She said as she unbuckled his belt, then pulled his pants down. She rubbed his cock through his underwear.

"Oh Santa, it looks like you have a nice present for me." She pulled his underwear down, his fully erect cock sprang free. She grabbed with one hand, began stroking it. Billy Ray jumped a little when she first grabbed it, he still wasn't used someone else touching his cock.

She brought his cock to her mouth, she kissed it, then licked it. She took it into her mouth, her tongue ran all around it. Before she even got started she pulled it out.

"No Santa I don't want to do this." Billy Ray was suddenly overcome with disappointment. Christine release his cock and stood up, constantly looking in his eyes. 

"No Santa I want you to fuck me right here, on your throne." She turned around, facing the throne, dropped to her knees, she bent over onto the throne. She reached back and pulled up her green mini dress then pulled down her green stockings. She wasn't wearing any underwear, her ass now totally exposed. Billy Ray looked down at the beautiful sight. Christine on her knees, leaning on Santa's throne, her ass exposed. He could see her pussy lips between her legs.

"Come on Santa take me right here, right now." Billy Ray's disappointment from only a few seconds earlier totally disappeared. It had been quite a long time since he had seen a real pussy, much less one aching for his cock. He stared at it.

"Santa please don't make me wait any longer." she begged while reaching behind her, pulling her ass cheeks wide, offering herself to him. Billy Ray carefully dropped to his knees. He wasn't as young as he used to be, his knees not in the greatest shape. But he wasn't going to let this opportunity get away. 

Once on the floor he positioned himself behind her, he pointed his cock at her pussy. He rubbed it on her pussy, feeling her hot wet pussy. 

"Yes Santa that's it."

Billy Ray rubbed her pussy a few more times before pushing it in. They both moaned. Grabbing her hips he pushed in a bit further, pulled back, pushed in again, this time a little further.

"Oh yeah Santa." Again he pulled back and pushed in, every time lubing his cock with more of her slippery juices, allowing him to push in even further. A couple more times and he was all the way in. 

"That's it Santa I want all of your cock." Billy Ray fucked her slowly at first, then slowly increasing the speed of his thrusts. She pushed back to meet his thrust, to push his cock in even further. 

"Fuck me Santa." She demanded as his cock slide in her.

"Fuck me with your big Christmas cock." Christine said as she turned to look at Billy Bob. His cock pounded into her again and again.

"That's it Santa, fuck me!"

Billy Bob thrust his throbbing cock into her hot wet pussy. Every time he tried to drive his cock deeper into Christine. His grip on her hips tightening with every thrust, pulling her back to meet him.

"Come on Santa give it to me!" Christine moaned.

Billy Bob's cock was tingling, every thrust brought it closer to exploding. He pushed in hard.

"Yeah Santa, fuck me hard!" Billy Bob was close, there was no stopping him now. He began to moan.

"Oh yes Santa, cum in my pussy!" With a grunt Billy Bob's cock exploded deep in her pussy. Another thrust, another shot of cum.

"I want your cum Santa!" Christine cried out, pushing her hips and pussy back to meet Billy Bob's thrusts. His cock shot again and again. It had been a long time since he came like this, since he came this much. He pushed in again and squirted again. Christine could feel his hot cum filling her pussy.

"Oh yeah Santa give it to me!" Another squirt from his cock, this the last one. But he continued to pump her hard, his cum mixing with her juices. As he pumped the hot mixture of juices began to leak out. His pumping began to let up, his grip on her hips began to relax. Finally he stopped. But he didn't move. His cock, still throbbing, buried deep in Christine.

"Oh Santa that was wonderful." Breathing heavy, Christine turned to look back at him. She wiggled her ass back and forth a couple of times. Billy Bob smiled. Slowly he pulled out, sat on the floor, breathing heavily, pretty spent. Christine quickly turned around, planted a big kiss on his lips.

"I loved that Santa, you were great." Reaching down, she rubbed his slowly deflating cock. Cum was still leaking from it. She scooped the large drop of cum that was on the head of his cock, brought her finger to her mouth and sucked it clean.

"Your cum tastes so wonderful Santa." 

She stood up, pulled up her stockings, pulled her dress down. 

"I'll let myself out. Thank you Santa, Merry Christmas!" She smiled at him one more time, then left.

Billy Bob rested for a few more minutes before getting up. Back in his office he changed into his normal clothes, locked up and left for the evening. It was a great Christmas present he had just received.

Christmas came and went, the store continued to be busy into January. Billy Bob didn't get a chance to talk to Christine, although she worked her normal shift. At the end of January Christine gave her notice. She was leaving. And moving to another city hours away. Billy Bob never saw her again, but that was one Christmas present he would never forget.