 Dash Kringle glared at his father in shocked silence, two weeks before Christmas and the old man was just now telling him this. There was no way he could do it, not even if he wanted to, and he didn't, but the time his father had allotted him was absurd. Anger boiled in his veins, and threatened to explode. Did his father actually think that he would give up his life and come home, and take over the role of Jolly Olé Saint Nick? He had left home never to return, until the recent urgent summons from his father.

"Dash you can't be angry about this. You had to know that this was coming. You are my eldest child, and with that comes great responsibility. It is up to you to keep Christmas alive. It is your birthright."

"No father it isn't. I hate the very idea of Christmas. That is why I left here. I hate everything it stands for. I don't give a fuck what you say, I'm not doing it. Let Christy or Donner do it. They reek of Christmas. I'm not your only child. Let one of them carry on the family tradition."

"Watch your mouth young man. I will not hear such language in my home. I wish it were that easy. Your brother and sister are loved and respected here, but Father Time has made it clear that it must be my eldest, and that Dash is you. You have until two days before Christmas to find a suitable wife and return home. My Christmas magic will transfer to you and your mothers to your bride. If you refuse to do this I'm afraid Christmas will be cancelled forever. It is up to you to keep Santa Clause alive."

"Well I guess my wish will finally come true, because I refuse to be any part of it. These are the very reasons I left the North Pole. I have a life for myself, and I don't want to settle down. I don't want a fucking Mrs. Clause. I have too many eager women willing to share my bed, so why settle for only one. You need to find a way around it old man. Everyone here hates me anyway so it just wouldn't work," Dash said as he stood ready to leave.

"Dasher Clause Kringle, you sit right back down. I'm not finished talking to you."

"Yeah, well I'm done listening. I'm not going to do it, so find someone else."

His father took a deep breath. The smile that was always present on his face was missing. The twinkle in his eyes had been replaced with sadness. Dash had never seen his father look so lost.

"Dash there is no one else. You know as well as I do that the Christmas magic passes from father to eldest child every thousand years. I have had my run it's your time now. It doesn't matter that you don't want this gift, soon it will be yours. What you decide to do is entirely up to you. I can't stop it from passing on to you. It will find you no matter where you are. All I ask is that you consider your choices wisely, a lot of people are depending on you. I know you hate Christmas, but trust me once the spirit of Christmas fills you, then you will feel differently."

"I'm sorry father. Christmas is over rated anyway. It's time for it to end. No one believes in our family anymore. The naughty list grows bigger every year. I will never be Santa. I will never marry and have children to pass this curse on to. And yes father I said curse because it damn sure isn't a gift. Immortal because of the Kringle blood that runs through my veins is a curse that I will not pass to anyone. You need to gather everyone and let them know that Christmas is officially cancelled forever."

Not waiting for a response Dash rushed from the room knowing soon he would be the most hated man alive, but he didn't care. He didn't want to be Jolly Ole' Saint Nick. He had plans for his future and they didn't include being Santa. He was going to party and fuck every hot little cunt he could. He had a good job and lived the good life, and could have any woman he wanted, and he had no intention of changing that.

Dash was in no hurry to get home. He had been away for a few days and his cock was throbbing with unfulfilled desire. He past his street until he reached the turn for Candy's house. She was his new flavor of the month and before the night was over he planned to lick her like a candy cane, and then fuck her with it. His cock in her ass while he rammed the candy cane in her hot cunt. His cock was about to bust from his jeans, until he made the turn and seen all the Christmas lights and decorations. His cock suddenly deflated as bile rose in his throat. Snapping his fingers he smiled as all the lights blew. He may not have his father's powers yet, but he had Kringle blood in his veins so he had a bit of his own magic. He felt happy knowing that he had messed up someone's Christmas, if only for a little while. 

The whole idea of Christmas had been forced on him since birth, until it had smothered him, and he knew that he had to get away. Turning eighteen had been a blessing, and while his parents were waiting for him at his party, he had packed and left the North Pole forever. He loved his new life and didn't want to give it up. He had been with many women since leaving home and none had him wanting to settle down. He knew he had a roaming cock, and that he wasn't the marrying type. Santa without a Mrs. Clause was laughable. Dash knew no matter how hard he fought it, on Christmas Eve he would become Santa, and all the powers would revert to him, but it was his choice what to do with them. He didn't have to keep family traditions if he didn't want to, hell he could shut down the North Pole for good. A twinge of guilt ran through him as he thought about all the hearts it would break, and the children that still believed, and counted on his family. He couldn't help it he had to do what was right for him, and being Santa wasn't. Pulling into Candy's driveway, bile rose once again in his throat when he saw all her lights. He wanted to blow them out, but he knew of he did she would spend the rest of the night trying to fix them, and his cock would get no attention. Knocking at her door he was surprised when she greeted him with a kiss that had his cock throbbing with anticipation. He felt a longing for her that he had never felt before. There was something different about her, but he couldn't quite put his finger on it. He grabbed at her breast knowing she loved it, only to have her slap his hands away, and pull him the rest of the way inside. It was then that he noticed Candy was dressed in an outfit that he knew she wouldn't have been caught dead in. She looked like a fucking Christmas tree, and her shirt was actually blinking. Her ample bosom was hidden from his view by her bulky, red, blinking sweater. His eyes traveled down her body to see that she was wearing green sweats, and gold shoes with bells. Silver hoop earrings dangled from her ears, and he thought that he was going to be sick. Candy was a stripper and she never dressed like this. It was something that his mother would wear, and once again his erection deflated. He knew that Candy only decorated because her family expected it and she didn't want to disappoint them anymore than she already had by her career choice. She had invited him over days ago to help her decorate, and afterwards she wanted to model some new outfits she had got for work, and she wanted to try out her new vibrator. Her exact words had been.

"I know you hate Christmas Dash, but I have something really naughty in mind if you come help me. I just got a new vibrator, and I was thinking while your cock is fucking my ass you could be slamming my pussy with my vibrator. Oh Dash I bet your cock is so hard right now isn't it baby?"

Dash had to shake his head and pull himself back to reality, and adjust his crotch because just thinking about it had him ready to fuck and fuck hard. He just couldn't keep a hard on with her looking like something from the North Pole.

"Look Candy I can't do this tonight. I'm going to head home. You know I hate Christmas and everything it stands for, and look at your place and you what the fuck has you all in the spirit of Christmas. I thought you hated it as much as me. I just can't deal with this. I mean really Candy you look like an elf, only taller. Call me after the New Year when all this shit is down, or better yet you could come to my place for some fucktivities." 

"How can you not love Christmas? It is the most magical time of the year. I wish that every day was Christmas that would be a dream come true. I love Christmas."

Dash looked at her in shocked disbelief. Candy hated Christmas that had been one of the things he liked about her, besides the things she could do to his cock. It was as if she had become a different person in the few days that he had been gone even her voice sounded different.

"Candy I don't know what has gotten into you, but you are acting strange. Have you been drinking?"

"I'm not drinking anything but eggnog, and no it isn't spiked. You have me confused with my sister. I'm her twin Alana. Candy isn't here she said all this Christmas stuff was too much and she went out to get some air. It was making her feel ill. I guess I did go a little overboard, but when I started I just couldn't stop."

"If you aren't Candy then why did you kiss me when you opened the door? I think you are just toying with me Candy."

Alana blushed as she thought about the kiss with the handsome stranger.

"There is mistletoe hanging above the door, and I just couldn't resist. It was innocent, but I'm sorry if I offended you."

"There was nothing innocent about that kiss. I guess you are telling me the truth because just a kiss from your sister has never made my cock ache with desire."

"I apologize I never should have kissed you like that, but it was something about you that made it just feel right. It was a mistake and it won't happen again."

"It wasn't a mistake, and I would love to do it again, and so much more. You're right Alana it does feel right," Dash said as he inched closer to her reaching out and brushing his fingers down her cheek. Alana's body started to tremble at his touch waves of desire coursing through her as wetness pooled in her panties. Dash pulled her into his arms and his mouth found hers and the kiss was so much more than just a kiss, it was like electricity a powerful surge that was leaving him hungry for more.

"Stop Dash, we can't do this. You are my sister's boyfriend, and this isn't right no matter how right it may feel."

"I'm not her boyfriend Alana. I never was. All we had was sex, she took care of my needs and I took care of hers. This is right and if you knew me you would know why. You may think I'm crazy but I think I was supposed to meet you, and this is supposed to happen. You and I are the perfect fit. It all makes sense to me now, and soon I will show you why, but first I'm going to fuck you and claim you as mine."

Dash's eyes locked with hers and his gaze was like a trance. She was at his mercy she had no control, no desire to protest as he began removing her clothes, while leading her to the couch. He pushed her softly down on the cushions. Her eyes never leaving him as he undressed. Her eyes grew wider at his chiseled body. His stomach rippled with muscles, his legs long and lean and his arms were muscled and strong. Her eyes roamed his beautiful body, but when she reached his cock a gasp escaped her throat. It was large and thick, and her pussy clenched in need. She was wet and ready. She had never given herself like this to a stranger but she couldn't tell him no, and she didn't want to. It was like a magnetic pull drawing her in, her arms reached for him and he dropped to his knees his mouth desperately seeking hers. His tongue slipped between her lips in what became a passionate ballet of tongues. Their tongues continued licking and probing, as the kiss deepened, and their breathing became ragged. Alana let her hands roam over the smooth contour of his well-defined biceps. His hands on her skin leaving trails of fire everywhere he touched her. Alana had a desperate ache in her core her body screaming for him to take her. Dash climbed on the couch covering her body with his. He slid down her licking a trail stopping at her navel, and dipping his tongue inside. She squirmed under him using her hands urging him lower. She was insane with desire her orgasm building, and she felt as if she would cum before his cock even entered her. Her moans grew louder as his tongue continued moving in and out of her navel. Dash's hands were massaging her breasts his fingers squeezing and pinching her nipples. Painful pleasure rippled through her entire body. Alana arched her back wanting to feel his cock as it pushed through her folds claiming her.

A devilish grin curled Dash's mouth as he spotted the box of candy canes on the table. His hand left her breast as he reached for one.

"Oh Alana I have no doubt that you are sweet as candy, and this this will only make you that much sweeter," Dash said using his teeth to tear the wrapper from the candy cane.

Her name rolled from his lips like silk causing the temperature in her hot center to spike. She was an inferno burning out of control. She needed to find release, she needed to feel him inside her. He sucked the candy cane into his mouth, and then put it to her lips. Her tongue snaked out taking a small lick.

"Suck it Alana. Pretend it's my cock and suck it." Alana licked her lips and slowly sucked the candy cane into her mouth. She sucked it deep her lips moving up and down taking it as far as she could. She let her tongue run up and down the length of the cane swirling at the tip. Dash's cock grew harder as he watched her mouth fuck the candy cane. "Looks like my cock is in for a treat when you finally get to wrap those gorgeous lips around it."

Dash pulled the candy cane from her mouth and ran it down her neck and over both breasts across her abdomen, not stopping until he reached her swollen mound. Her breath caught as she felt the candy cane brush against her clit. He rubbed it back and forth coating her with its sweetness, and then in one swift movement his head was between her thighs licking her. His tongue lapped at the sweetness that was a mixture of her own arousal and the candy cane. Screams of ecstasy spilled from her as he sucked her clit into his mouth at the same time he pushed the candy cane into her tight opening. Alana was too busy enjoying his mouth on her to even care about the candy cane that was being plunged into her pussy. In fact it felt good, the way he was rubbing it against her inner walls. It was the sucking, and nibbling to her clit that had her body building up, to what she knew was going to be a mind-blowing orgasm. One last pull on her bud, and her fingers were twisting tighter in his hair, as her body glided over the edge into sweet bliss. He pulled the candy cane out ad worked it up until the tip was pressing on the bundle of nerves that was still pulsing from her previous orgasm. Her body thrashed under him as another orgasm crashed through her, leaving her convulsing, and her heart racing. Alana wasn't sure how much more her body could take. She watched as Dash licked, and sucked the candy cane deep into his mouth.

"I was right Alana, you made it so much sweeter. Taste it for yourself." He put it to her mouth, but only allowing her a small sample, before tossing it away. "Taste yourself Alana, see how sweet you are."

His lips pressed tightly to hers. He tasted of her arousal, and peppermint, and it caused desire to ripple through her core. Her tongue played with his, licking, and sucking, wanting more of the flavor that was invading her senses. Her body was burning up, heat scorching her from the inside out. An ache filled her core-pulsing, swollen, needing something-needing him. Her senses lit up in a blaze of eroticism as she felt his hands on her stomach, his fingers burning her flesh. Her body arched reaching for him. She could feel the tip of his thick shaft pressing against her soft, wet opening. The sensations exploding inside her were unlike anything she had ever felt before. Alana's body tensed as he began pushing inside her. A pinch of pain overrode the pleasure as he rocked his hips pushing himself fully inside. He shifted his body, pulling slightly back, then moved forward again. Her body adjusted to him as he began a steady pace of pulling out, then gently pushing back in. The pain evaporated as that elusive pressure started building once more to a feverish pitch. She wiggled under him, seeking that peak of pleasure again, suddenly greedy for release. Dash had opened a gate she hadn't known she'd bolted shut long ago, and now there was no turning back.

"That's it Alana-just feel." Dash commanded in a low, seductive tone, as he built up speed.

His body moved perfectly in sync with hers. Her hips moving, as her body took over, knowing exactly what it needed to do in order to feel that mind-numbing pleasure from only moments before. Alana ran her hands down the sleek muscles of his toned back. She wanted to touch him everywhere, feel every groove of his impressive frame. She could feel every inch of him penetrating her damp folds-a delicious sensation. 

"Ohhhh,"she cried out as her orgasm hit her with more force than the last one had. He continued moving inside her, the contractions drew out, sending her into another realm of satisfaction.

"Yes, Alana, don't hold back. Let it all go. Yes...you're so tight, so hot. I can't hold out," he groaned, and she felt him tense, his throbbing cock pulsing with his own release. Desire filled moans erupted from Dash as his hips continued pumping inside her, filling her with all that he had. Dash's body collapsed against hers, her fingers running through his sweat, soaked hair. Their bodies clung to each other, and the closeness alone was enough to again cause her desire to pique-she wanted him again, but her body was sore, and unable to bear another climax, unable to live without it.

"Oh Alana. I would love nothing better than to make love to you again, and I promise that it will happen again, and again, but first we need to talk. I'm drawn to you Alana since our first kiss. I know you feel it too. I can tell by the way your body responds to me. I know you're going to think I'm crazy when I tell you everything."

"Try me Dash. You'd be surprised, I'm pretty open minded."

Dash wasn't sure why, but something told him he could trust her. He had told his father, and himself that he wouldn't do it, but he felt something for this woman that he had never felt before. She would fit in perfectly at the North Pole. The aura that he saw surrounding her was somehow pulling him in, and he knew his parents would absolutely approve.

"First let me start by introducing myself properly. My full name is Dasher Clause Kringle. I am the eldest son of Kris Kringle, the man the world knows as Santa Clause. Every thousand years the duties of Santa pass to the eldest, and my turn has come. I have until Christmas Eve to find a wife, my mother's magic will then pass to her."

Alana listened in disbelief as his story unfolded.

"I'm supposed to believe that your father is Santa, and soon you will be Santa. I'm sorry Dash, but I know all that is a myth. You are delusional." Alana suddenly felt very naked and very vulnerable. She pushed him off her, and began looking around for her clothing, in a hurry to be dressed, and ready to run.

"Trust me Alana I wish it weren't true, but it is. I can take you to the North Pole, and prove it, but only if you agree to be my wife."

"It's just not possible. You don't look like any Santa I have ever seen. Santa is fat, and jolly, and you are far from fat."

Alana openly admired his body. There wasn't an ounce of fat on him. He was the most beautiful man she'd ever saw. His body rippled with muscle, and he was tall. The bluest eyes she had ever seen, eyes that she wanted to drown in, and lips that still sent ripples to her core remembering how they felt on her flesh. She wanted to believe him, hell she wanted more than that, she wanted to feel his cock pounding inside her again. Knowing he couldn't prove it she thought maybe she should agree in case it was her only way to get away if he was psycho.
