 Christmas is a depressing time for me, not sure why but it always has been and as far as I can tell, always will be. Something about a joyous time that was never really a great time for me. I think the thing that gets me the most is when I see sexy little Christmas suits or lingerie displayed out in malls, and I have no one to wear it for. I have a tight little body and would love to have some fun with someone this holiday.

I went to the mall, and just to torture myself, decided to walk past a lingerie store. Sure enough, there was sexy full figured red and white bra & panty sets and full out lingerie on display and sure enough, it left me empty. I stared at it for quite some time, almost obsessing over it. The male cashier was staring at me as if I was thinking about pocketing it and running away. I was waiting for security to tap me on the shoulder and escort me out of the mall. Just as I was about to leave, I had a tap on the shoulder and was given quite the fright.

"Excuse me...Miss." said the cashier.

"Don't worry, I'm not going to steal it." I replied.

"Steal it?" he replied with a smirk. "You don't have to steal it." 

Just then he handed me a store bag with that same outfit inside, plus a few more goodies.

"A male customer paid for it and told me hand it to you once he left. We usually never have these requests and I apologize if it offends you." he said genuinely.

"Offended. Not all all. Flattered and surprised, yes. Also a little sad." I said.

"Those are some of our best items. Whats there to be sad for?" he said.

"I don't usually accept things from strangers, and it wouldn't been nice to thank the man." I said, both a both excited and disappointed tone.

"He did drop a card in there so who knows. What I do know is, and with all due respect, it looks like it will be a great fit." he said.

"Thank you." I said. "Ummm, thanks for...handing it to me."

"Well...you're welcome, I guess." he smirked.

"Enjoy and Merry Christmas." he said as he walked back into the store.

"Thanks, and Merry Christmas." I said back.

I walked around the mall a little bit and swore to not open the card until I got home. It was hard but I liked the mystery and excitement. The whole drive home I felt not so alone and a little less blue and more red with excitement. I was pretty happy with all the shopping I accomplished today but the fact a stranger bought me mystery gifts, is something I will never forget. 

I got home, to my empty house, and unloaded all my gifts and put them in my bedroom, before dumping the gift bag onto my bed. Out fell a card in an envelope, a red and white candy cane and two suits. One was a short red felt skirt with white fuzzy trim, and a matching bra as well. It also came with red and white thigh highs stockings. The second was a pair of lacey red and white vibrating panties and again, a matching bra to go with it. Also a silk red blindfold. I could feel the excitement in my body as all of me felt like I was overheating. Its been a little while since I was with someone on the holidays, and its been even longer since that someone gave me anything close to something like this. I was over the moon and slightly scared to open the letter. Moments later I opened the envelope and opened the card. It read...

"Dear Misses. 

I noticed you starting at this lingerie for quite some time, so in the holiday spirit I decided to gift it to you. I apologize in advance for this gesture, but I assume that if you are taking the time to read this card, that you are not offended and have accepted this gift freely. If you are in a relationship, happy or not, do not reply to my number below as these are not my intentions. I am single and just wanted to spread some holiday cheer in the only real way I know how. I cannot guarantee or explain why I did this, but I can guarantee that I am not crazy, or obsessive, I'm not looking for anything especially repayment, I just wanted to brighten someones holiday with that blue look in their big brown eyes. I spent a great deal staring at you so I know that will fit you perfectly. My number is below, feel free to message me anytime. Sincerely, Mr. Scorpio."

WOW! I thought. I had no idea how obsessed I was over these suits as I had no idea someone was watching me, let alone long enough to guess my measurements, and write the card I was holding in my shaking hands. 

All day I could not think straight. I also couldn't bring myself to message him as I had never thought in a million years that this would happen to me as I left the house this morning. Lunch time turned to dinner, and dinner to bed and I still couldn't bring myself to send him a message. Part of it was doubt and the other part was excitement. I was finally ready to close my eyes and decided to send him a message, then immediately put down and silence the ringer on my phone. 

"Dear. Mr. Scorpio. I received my gift. You are correct, I am not offended but overcome with many mixed feelings, a few of those being excitement and gratitude. Thank you for the gift and hope to hear back from you. - Misses"

I did what I promised myself I would. I sent it and immediately shut off my phone and put it on my night stand. That night, I had no dreams about my mysterious encounter, or any nightmares about me actually getting in touch with a stranger. I got up, had my coffee and sat at the table with my phone still off. I knew it wasn't my coffee that were making my hands shake, but I reluctantly turned my phone on and placed it screen down on the table. I got up and walked around the kitchen table until my nerves were slightly settled. I sat down, took a few deep breaths and slightly lifted the edge of my phone up. The more my heart raced, the slower I lifted it. I looked at it like it was a test result in high school and I didn't want the result to anger my parents. Finally I looked at my phone.

NOTHING. There were no messages back. 

I was filled with so many emotions that moment. The most being disappointment, or anger. I couldn't decide. I think I was more mad at myself than him but as of right now it was hard to tell. I wanted to throw my phone in the trash along with the red and white outfits. A little while went by and I decided to do the opposite. I loaded the sexy suits in the mall bag and got in my car. I thought, I deserve this, but thought it would be funny to return it to the store and get a refund for items I never even purchased. 

I angrily stormed back to the shop I left my hopes at, and placed the bag on the counter. I was greeted by the same young man who had seen me yesterday. 

"Hello. How can I...help you." he said, in a confused tone.

"Hi. I'd like to return these please." I said, in a cocky voice.

"I'm sorry, but you can't do that." he said.

"Why, they're not worn." I said again in a cocky tone.

"No, I can see that Ma'am. It's not that." he replied.

"Why, is it because I don't have the receipt." I asked, full of sass.

"This store does accept unused items without a receipt. But I cannot process this return."

"Why?" I asked as my sass turned to confusion.

"Because of this..." he replied as he handed me another envelope.

"I have politely asked this man to no longer ask me to hand you gifts and cards after this, so I do not want to lose my job over this. I hope you understand." he nervously stated.

"It's not a problem." I ensured him, as I picked up my bag and card and sat down on the bench in the centre of the mall.

I opened it much faster than the last one and started to read it with my usual shaking anxiety filled hands.

"Dear Misses. I am glad you liked the gift and were not scared or offended. I also knew you'd be angry at my lack of replying and knew you'd be here to return my gifts. I am a Scorpio, it is my job to know peoples emotions and reactions. I am writing you to give you further instructions."

I stopped there not knowing who he thought he was or why I wanted to continue. No one has even given me "instructions" before. Reluctantly, after a few hundred deep breaths, I continued.

"Tomorrow morning, you will come here around the same time and sit in the same spot you are now. You will be dressed in the vibrating panties I have provided with your usual clothes on top. You will have your phone in your hand the entire time awaiting to hear back from me. You will comply with these instructions, or wishes, and you will enjoy yourself. Signed, Sir."

My first thought was "who the hell does this guy think he is" but my second thought, that immediately silenced the first was "I now know who the hell I am." I gathered my thoughts and my things and headed home to live the rest of my ordinary day, with extraordinary thoughts running through my mind.

I felt excited, and safe. I felt passionate and wanted. My depression and my anxiety no longer felt like I was dead...I felt alive. These were thoughts and feelings inside of me as I drifted off to sleep.