 Chapter 6: His First Blowjob 

The next morning Bee and JR slept late. Bee awakened first and climbed on top of him. She woke JR with kisses and a warm embrace. JR allowed his hands to roam her plump ass and his morning erection poked her. He tried to enter her.

"Later sweetie, I promise. I'm not feeling... fresh and you, well to put it bluntly, are beginning to smell." 

Bee playfully held her nose. She kissed him again to show that she forgave this flaw. Then she said,

"I see a galvanized tub in the corner. I'm going to make us breakfast and you're going to fill it with warm water for bath time."

Bee made them a breakfast of peanut butter on crackers. They ate their delicacy while the water JR had put in pots heated over the fire. JR blended the hot water and cold tap water to the perfect temperature filling the tub.

Bee sat in the 4' long tub luxuriating as if she was in a fancy bathroom in the city's finest hotels. The warm water felt that good to her. JR liked the way her tits swayed in the water. Her buoyant breasts bobbed about and her nipples played peek-a-boo with him one moment underwater and the next out. He also liked the way her pubic hair undulated whenever she moved, moving like seaweed caught in the ocean's current.

After a relaxing soak, Bee began washing herself. 

"Don't worry I'll need your help."

JR sat on a kitchen chair nude beside the tub. He had his shirt draped over his shoulders, his hard penis pointing at her face and a Cheshire cat grin on his face. 

"You can do my back now, if you want."

JR leaped at the chance. Of course, to wash her back properly, he also had to do her sides which led to touching the sides of her breasts. Soon he was seriously fondling her knockers and tugging and tweaking her hard nipples. Bee laughed and let him have his fun. 

"Okay, big boy sit back down."

Bee stood. The view was breathtaking, her voluptuous body glistening as water streamed down it. JR stared in awe as if he was witnessing one of the wonders of the world. Bee did not break the spell as she soaped her sex and ass.

"I'd let you wash these, but I'm afraid we'd never be done," she said with a smile.

Bee rinsed and stepped out of the tub. She stood in front of the fire and dried herself with her tee shirt.

"Get in the tub and soak a bit. You smell like a billy goat. If you wash yourself good, I have a surprise for you."

JR scrubbed himself from head to toe and sat expectantly in the tub.

Bee was nude with just her coat draped over her shoulders. She grabbed the kitchen chair and sat on it by the fire.

"You did a good job." 

She tossed him his tee shirt and he dried himself off. She stood when he was finished and directed him to sit in the chair. She placed her coat on the floor and knelt on it between his legs. His erected penis was at eye level. She causally reached up and stroked him as if it was the most natural thing to do in the world.

"Have you ever had a blowjob?"

JR's throat suddenly felt very dry. He couldn't speak so he shook his head 'No'.

"I didn't think so."

She looked up at him with her big brown eyes and took the tip of his cock in her mouth. She gnawed on his crown and then took more of him into her mouth. 

"Oh God," JR managed to croak. 

The sensation was amazing and so was the view. A big eyed, big breasted girl was sucking his dick. Bee released his cock and licked him like a Tootsie Roll pop. He moaned. Then she got serious. She swallowed half of him and bobbed her head up and down while her hand stroked his shaft. He didn't last long, but he also could not have enjoyed it more. 

His cum blasted into her mouth. She quickly pulled his cock out of her mouth and stroked his cock as he shot the rest of his load onto the floor. She masturbated him until he was done and then spit out his cum into her tee shirt.

JR lay splayed in the chair. He was amazed at how wonderful he felt. He scooped her up and kissed her full on the lips. Her lips fell incredible; they were warmer and softer than usual. He also tasted himself.

"Ew, I understand why you spit it out," he said. "You taste wonderful and I taste horrible."

"Yea," she agreed. "Girls are "Sugar and Spice" and boys are "Snails and puppy dog tails", remember? So from now on please tell me before you cum in my mouth. Okay Shooter?" 

"You mean this is going to happen again?"

"Maybe," she answered coyly. "So who's more fun to take a bath with me or your sister and mom?"

"Oh, you're evil." 

JR started tickling Bee. They rolled on the floor, laughing and tickling each other. Play time ended when he was on top of her and he kissed her again. He liked the feel of her bare skin against his. She did too.

They made love again, unhurried.

Afterwards, they untangled themselves. Bee washed their underwear and tee shirts in the tub and hung them to dry. They got dressed. She wore his shirt and they both went 'commando' in their jeans. JR wore his coat unbuttoned.

The morning passed listening to the radio, playing cards and talking. They had venison for lunch and played hangman and battleship and took a nap in the afternoon. 

JR got his shirt back when the laundry dried. He went outside to get more wood and deer meat from the outside freezer. The weather was warming, the snow began to melt. The radio reported most of the power outages were fixed, roads where being plowed. The city was coming back to life. 

After dinner, they sat on the couch listening to the radio. JR had his arm around Bee's shoulder and she had her head against his chest. She was in a serious mood.

"Do you think 'Every day is a new beginning'?" 

"I do. I need to."

She looked up at him confused. He continued in a soft, earnest voice.

"I know I'm not perfect. You can say I sin or I fall short of the mark or I just make mistakes. I believe in second chances. I think if a person admits their mistake and takes responsibility for it, they can move on, do better, and be a better person."

Re-assured Bee said, "I've done some stupid things, like bleaching my hair."

She grabbed a handful of her hair and smirked. JR responded with a smile saying,

"And your hair will grow back."

In a more serious tone, Bee said, "I've done some bad things, like the car and my boyfriends."

"You can return the car and apologize and you've all ready dumped Tommy." 

JR teased her adding, "Are you working on getting a better class of boyfriend?"

Bee smiled shyly, "I'm keeping my eyes open."

JR smiled back and said, "You can get your life back on track and be proud of yourself. Are you willing to do the things you need to do to become a nurse?"

"Yes, I had good grades until I let them slip lately. I'll need to go to college, but I don't know how I'd pay for it."

"There are ways: loans, scholarships for woman and the army."

"Yea," Bee said and she snuggled against JR. She was feeling better about herself. 

***

Susie ran ahead.

"I see him."

Susie rapped excitedly on the window and then ran to the door shouting, 

"JR!" 

JR answered, "Hey sis." And then add, "Hi Dad," as his father entered the cabin.

JR stood and said,

"Everyone, this is Bee Stewart." 

"Hi," Bee said shyly.

JR's dad said, "I'm glad to see everyone is all right. Good thinking with the note son. There is a sled outside big enough to take you and Bee home."