 He stood in the doorway and watched as she moved around the room, her natural grace making her movements into an unwitting seduction. She was cleaning the table. Collecting dirty cups and setting them in the sink, tossing away empty cans and the scattered remains of the pizza they'd eaten. 

She hadn't noticed him. He knew he should move, either alert her to his presence or join the others in the living room. He couldn't seem to tear his eyes from her. She was gorgeous, a tall curvy blond with vivid blue eyes and a lush kissable mouth. 

He'd never met her before, she must be Paul's wife. She had a wedding ring on and this was his house. 

She was wearing a white t-shirt that scooped low on her chest and a jean skirt that barely covered her assets and exposed every inch of her amazing legs. She bent over to pick something up off the floor and he caught his breath as her skirt rode up, revealing the bottom curve of her tight ass. 

She must have heard him because she straightened so abruptly she hit her head on the table with a loud thump. He winced in sympathy and moved into the room as she turned to look at him. She was rubbing the back of her head with one hand and tugging her skirt down with the other.

"Hi I'm Mack," he introduced himself.

She grimaced, partly in pain but he suspected mostly in embarrassment as she took his offered hand. "I'm Sara, Paul's sister."

"I was thinking you must be his wife," he said motioning to her wedding band and then the mess she had been cleaning up.

She grimaced and shook her head. "Paul's wife is visiting her parents and I'm staying with him for a while." She paused, looking uncomfortable and fingering her ring. "I'm going through a divorce."

He smiled at her and when she rubbed the back of her head again and winced, he motioned for her to turn around. "Let me look at that bump on your head," he said. Moving behind her and gently fingering her scalp. "Ouch, you must have hit it pretty hard." He went in the kitchen and opened the freezer. Swiping a bag of frozen peas he went back and held it to the back of her head.

She smiled at him and he felt his stomach drop. She was gorgeous. He leaned in a little closer to her and inhaled, she smelled like vanilla and sugar cookies. She was staring up at him and he felt the tension in the air between them intensifying. 

He could barely breath for the surge of lust that swept through his body, stiffening his cock and making him sway closer to her. She was breathing heavier, her quick inhales pushing her chest out and flushing her skin. 

"Th-thank you, " she managed to stammer, reaching up to take the bag out of his hand. Her fingers landed on top of his and she inhaled sharply. 

Without hesitating he brought his mouth down on hers, pulling her against him from head to toe. The kiss was rough at first, his lips devouring hers, his tongue plunging into her mouth. She hesitantly put her arms around his neck and he lightened it, letting himself explore the exquisite taste of her. He wanted her so badly he ached for it. She moaned into his mouth as his hands moved up her body, exploring her curves and sliding under her shirt. 

She whimpered when he relinquished her lips, sighing with pleasure as he nuzzled and kissed her neck. His hands found the clasp on her bra and released it. He cupped her breasts in his hands and she arched against him. Gently he slid his fingertips over her nipples, rolling them between finger and thumb, making her gasp.

He pushed her shirt up to expose her breasts and licked a trail down her collarbone. Slowly he slid his tongue over one nipple before sucking it into his warm mouth. She moaned and leaned into his mouth, her hands grasping him by the hair, her head thrown back in ecstasy.

"Do you like that?" he whispered against her heated skin.

"Yes," her answer was nearly lost in another gasp as he renewed his assault on her nipple. 

He moved to the other breast, giving it the same treatment before working down the smooth plane of her stomach to the top of her skirt. She was leaning against the table and he was kneeling in front of her as he slid his hands up her thighs, pushing her skirt up to expose her pink cotton thong. 

He kissed her through the fabric and she jumped underneath him. One hand was wound into his hair and the other was gripping the edge of the table behind her as he slowly slid the wet thong down her legs. She stepped out of it and he slipped the piece of fabric into his pocket. 

Lifting one leg over his shoulder, he kissed her thigh, slowly moving upwards to her glistening slit. For a moment he hovered over it, his breath stirring her senses, making her clutch the table tighter and nearly cry out with anticipation. 

His tongue teased her, and she bucked trying to get him to put his mouth on her. Gently he kissed her swollen clit and then plunged his tongue into her wet heat. She moaned and arched into his mouth as he slid his tongue in and out of her.

He moved up and teased her clit with his tongue before sucking it into his mouth. He alternated between licking and sucking, relishing the taste of her and then plunged a finger into her slick passage. She gasped at the feel of his finger penetrating her and fell back onto the table. He felt her climax building as he slid another finger into her. 

Her moans were growing louder, her body shuddering and then she convulsed around him, squeezing his fingers and gushing onto his hand. He lapped at her slit, relishing her taste as she came and pleasure coursed through her. He stayed there until her fingers uncurled from his hair and her legs unlocked from around his neck. 

Slowly he stood up and then stared down at her flushed and sated body. Her legs were still parted and her slit glistened with her come. The little denim skirt was bunched around her waist. Her smooth white stomach was bare and her breasts peeked out from under her bunched up shirt. Her golden hair was in disarray and her eyes still hooded from desire. 

His cock pulsed from where it was still trapped behind his zipper. He moved to unbutton his jeans when a loud cheer went up from the living room and they both started. He saw awareness seep into her face and she started struggling to right her clothes. 

"Oh my God," she whispered, her face scarlet as she hurried to sit up. "I can't believe we did that."