 AUTHOR'S NOTE: While this is a work of fiction, it is largely based upon actual events. The names and some details have been changed to protect the identities of the people involved.

+++++++++++++++++

KARLA: "Hey girl. How's you?"

SARA: "I got big news."

KARLA: "What?"

SARA: "Last night I ate my first pussy!"

KARLA: "WTF????"

SARA: "I had my first, girl/girl experience and it was HOT HOT HOT!!"

KARLA: "OMG You didn't!"

SARA: "I never imagined it would actually happen."

SARA: "You know it was such a HUGE fantasy of mine."

SARA: "But being married, I didn't expect it to ever cum to life."

Sara was exchanging text messages with Karla, her Internet buddy with whom she shared all aspects of her life, including her deepest secrets. They had met on the Literotica web site three years earlier and had struck up a on-line friendship. Karla was much more experienced in the on-line world of Literotica and had helped Sara quite a bit. They also really liked each other and loved to share all the intimate details of their lives.

Retelling the events of the previous night brought back a flood of erotic memories. Sara could feel her pussy clench as she relived the experience in her mind. It had been one of the most sexual and exciting events of her life.

KARLA: "Damn girl! You knew I wanted to be the first female to have your pussy. LOL" 

Setting her phone down for a moment, Sara reminisced about how she had reached this point. For most of her life, she never even considered having sex with another woman. Then events changed and she became bi-curious. However she never really thought that such an encounter would happen. After all, she was fully committed to her husband and felt they had a good sex life.

But life sometimes has a way of making the pieces fall into place, and for her, this fantasy became a reality. It had been a journey she never could have imagined.

+++ THREE YEARS EARLIER +++

For 35 years, Sara had lived a safe, predictable life. She and her husband John had been married for 15 years. They worked hard to provide a good life for their family He was a loving, supportive husband and a great father to their children. Their sex life was good, occasionally great. But Sara always felt like she wanted more.

About three years ago she developed an itch to add some sexual spice to her life. John had been overloaded with work for several weeks. He was frequently exhausted by the end of each day and their bedroom activities had suffered as a result. Or maybe this itch was some sort of mid-life crisis for her. She knew she still looked sexy with her long wavy red hair, her green eyes, and she kept her body in great shape. Her large full breasts still drew the looks of most men, especially when she wore clothing that accentuated her best assets.

However, Sara had no intentions of cheating on her husband. She loved him too much to hurt him, or her family. She just wanted to safely add some spice to her sex life.

One Sunday morning Sara was home alone, lying in bed wearing only a t-shirt and panties. Sunday was her one day off from her job, where she worked six days a week. John was outside working in the yard. The children had gone off in their own directions, some to sports activities, and others to visit friends.

She opened her laptop and went looking for something to help satisfy her unfulfilled sexual desires. The usual porn sites were not exactly what she was looking for. Nor were the dating sites. She wasn't looking to hook-up with anyone. She realized that she wanted to find were some romantic and sexy stories, something that would scratch that sexual itch in her mind. With the right stimulation, she could take care of her own physical needs. It would be an enhanced masturbation experience. It would be safe, and wouldn't threaten or harm her marriage.

What she found that morning was the erotic stories on Literotica. She didn't know at the time that Literotica would be a life changing discovery. She read several of the Romance stories, and some of the Loving Wives stories. The Group Sex stories caught her attention and soon she was rubbing her pussy through her panties while she read the erotic tales.

Something that unexpectedly aroused her was a lesbian scene. Sara found herself imagining that she was one of the ladies playing sexually with another woman. It wasn't that she disliked lesbians or what they did together. She just had never considered that she would have any interest in having sex with a woman. But the scene was hot, her pussy throbbed even more, and she was becoming somewhat wet. The stimulation was enough to force her to get up, strip off her panties, and get her Hitachi Wand. She now needed a good orgasm, and she knew the wand would deliver.

"Damn, I'm horny." Sara thought as she touched the head of the powerful vibrator to her labia, and slowly moved it nearer her clit. "I can't believe I got so aroused, and so wet, from reading that lesbian scene. But fuck! It really was hot. Could sex with a woman be as good as this story makes it sound?"

She closed her eyes and laid her head back on the pillow as she pressed the wand with more force to her clit. She quickly erupted in a powerful orgasm and spayed ejaculate over the towel she had placed down just for that purpose. She loved squirting as it was such a rush of intense pleasure. She wondered how many other women enjoyed squirting as she did.

Sara quickly developed a daily routine of reading a story or two to get herself aroused, and then finishing herself off with her Hitachi Wand. These morning sessions, coupled with making love with her hubby John each night kept her sexual needs satisfied, or so she thought.

One day while reading stories on Lit, she explored more of the site and discovered the discussion boards, and more specifically the Amateur Pic Feedback forum. She was enthralled by the photos posted by other women. These weren't models posing for pictures. Just ordinary people who got a thrill by posting suggestive, sexy photos of themselves. And the feedback from others, mostly males, was very positive and encouraging. As most of the pic posters didn't show their face and used an obviously phony user-name, it was all safe, anonymous, and sexy fun.

Sara knew she had a sexy body, especially her large, firm breasts. Even for her age, her breasts were still round and stayed high. She enjoyed dressing provocatively and teasing men. She got a rush by their stares and those that leered at her. She could image posting a few photos and seeing what sort of reaction she could entice. Studying the photos of others, she got ideas for poses and how much, or how little clothing to wear.

That night she spoke with John about the Literotica site, and about the amateur photo threads.

"Honey, look at this site. These are ordinary women that take and post such sensual and erotic photos. What would you say if I posted some pics?"

"Go for it babe. Let me know what people say about you and your pics." John was trying to sound very supportive. "And make sure you text them to me too! Your silly and crazy, but that's why I married you."

He leaned in and gave Sara a kiss, then looked at a few of the AmPics threads with her. It wasn't his kind of thing, as he wasn't an exhibitionist. He was too shy to ever dare to post pics of himself. But he loved that his wife of 15 years still had a fabulous body, she loved sex, and she wasn't a prude.

Over the next few days Sara took some photos of herself which she hoped best showed how attractive she was. She wore skimpy revealing items, but they covered more than just her bra and panties. She took photos that emphasized her best assets, particularly her large breasts. She sent all the pics to John who was more than willing to say which ones he liked best. He even suggested some other poses and outfits for her to wear.

Sara created an account on Literotica and began posting her pics on various public picture threads. The people were very friendly. Many people suggested that she open her own pic thread, but she didn't think she wanted that.

Her photos drew a lot of attention. With just a few pictures posted, she drew over fifty replies the first day. Sara loved the attention, the welcoming friendship of many, and the sexual innuendo of some. And it was not only the guys gawking at her fabulous body, some ladies also joined in to praise how attractive she was.

One of the first to reply to Sara's photos was Karla. Karla was a long time, and very active member of the Lit AmPics community. She had been posting sexy photos of herself for nearly a decade. And she was a friend and supporter to all. Soon Sara and Karla struck up a friendship, and often exchanged PMs or text messages.

KARLA: "Sexy pic you posted today."

SARA: "Thank you."

KARLA: "You appear to have that special afterglow."

SARA: "You can tell?"

KARLA: "Of course. Was that hubby's doing, or your own?"

SARA: "John filled my needs very well."

KARLA: "Does he know you're on Lit?"

SARA: "LOL. He took the photo."

As time went by, Sara posted more revealing photos on Lit. She loved the feedback, especially the naughty innuendos. It made her feel better about herself, her appearance, and her sexuality. She was also being exposed to other people's sexuality, their activities, and their fantasies. Karla often was quite open about her own sex life in their messages.

KARLA: "How are you doing, sweetie?"

SARA: "Doing well today, and you?"

KARLA: "Big O from my toy."

SARA: "Really? What sort of toy?"

KARLA: "Hitachi Wand, very intense."

SARA: "OMG, I have one of those. Just love it."

KARLA: "Makes me squirt every time."

SARA: "You too? Isn't squirting fantastic?"

KARLA: "Luv to squirt. We should play together."

Sara had a sense that Karla was slowly seducing her on-line. She remembered how when she read lesbian sex scenes, the stories made her tingle. Now she was getting that tingle again. She could imagine herself playing with Karla, each using their wands, and squirting for each other. The images were decadently naughty and it made her clit throb. "Do I really want to do this with another woman?" she wondered to herself.

The messages from Karla became more forward as the days and weeks went by.

"You're so sexy. I want you." was one message.

"I want to suck your nipples." was another message from Karla.

"I want to feel you licking my wet pussy." was yet another message.

Each message got into Sara's head and made her contemplate having sex with another woman, or more specifically, having sex with Karla. The images in her head became fantasies of the two of them playing sexually, masturbating together, fingering, licking, and sucking each other. Sara knew that she was becoming more open to the possibilities. But Karla lived so far away. It would never happen with her. And Sara always felt safe that she loved her husband so much, she would never cheat and have sex with someone else, male or female.

Late one night Sara was sitting up in bed with John as they watched a soft-core porn movie. Her phone buzzed as a message came in. She swiped the screen on her phone and read the text message from Karla.

KARLA: "I want to eat your pussy."

Sara showed John the message. "She keeps sending messages like this to me." 

John smiled, turned towards Sara and gave her a passionate deep kiss while sliding his hand into her panties and feeling her slit. He found that she was somewhat wet.

"The movie causing this?" John asked his wife as he fingered her slippery clit. "Or are you wet thinking about what Karla wants to do to your pussy?"

Sara replied in a playful lighthearted manner. "You know what they say. Only a woman knows how best to eat pussy." As soon as Sara said this, she was shocked by her own words.

"So you want her to eat your pussy?" he asked calmly as his finger slid over her wet labia.

"I . . . I . . . " The hesitation in her reply said a lot. She was startled by this, more than her husband was. She was aroused by the prospect, but scared at the same time. Sara's mind was full of thoughts and questions. "How could I have sex with another person if I love my husband? How could I have sex with another woman?" And maybe her most troubling question in her head was "Why am I seriously considering the possibility?"

Before she could do more than stutter, John continued speaking to her in a gentle voice.

"I think you should consider doing this. Your pussy tells me you really do want to have sex with her." His finger continued to slide over her pussy.

"But I love you. I don't want to cheat on you." Sara proclaimed, trying to regain her composure.

"It's not cheating on me if I know about it, and I give you my blessing." John replied as he pulled down her panties. "I doubt you will leave me and our children simply because you have sex with a woman, even if you enjoy it. Maybe you would like to have both a husband, and a female lover."

John paused a moment and looked up at Sara. Her expression was one of surprise. He then continued. "Sara, I know you have a tremendous sex drive, probably more than any one lover can fully satisfy. Having sex with a woman is not likely to diminish the love and sex we share. I know this. I love you and trust you." As he finished, John lowered his face to her sex and began to lick her slippery wet lower lips.

"Oh my god." Sara exclaimed as she laid her head back and let go to the pleasure. Her head was spinning with the implications of his words, and the pleasure created by his tongue.

Over the next days, weeks, and months, Sara continued posting her pics on Lit. She was becoming more comfortable with the open sexuality of the people on Lit. Her pictures became more provocative and revealing. She even posted pictures of her bare breasts and her exposed ass. But she drew the line and never posted any pics of her pussy. That was just too private. John always knew of her activity on Lit. She didn't want to hide anything that she did from him. He approved, and even encouraged her to continue as he could see that she was having fun and the feedback was improving her self-esteem. And John continued to take some of the photos she posted.

Sara and Karla continued to grow their friendship. They shared messages almost daily. Karla continued to express her desires to have sex with Sara, teasing her about what she would do to her. For her part, Sara never told Karla that she also wanted to have a girl/girl sexual experience, or that her husband had given his blessing for her to do so. Sara was holding back, not fully sure she wanted to take the plunge and break that barrier.

John's blessing to Sara having a same-sex sexual experience was in some ways more a problem for Sara than a solution. Yes, over time she had become more bi-curious. Her desire to experiment with sex with another woman had grown from nothing to something she thought about daily. But her love for John, her commitment to not cheat on him, ever, had been the barrier that prevented her from crossing into the unknown, an experience likely filled with pleasure. She still held some fear that something horrible could happen in her life that could never be undone. John had taken down the barrier, and now her life held new possibilities, and was no longer the safe, predictable life.

As Karla playfully kept up the sexual innuendo on Sara, Sara grew more comfortable with the game. They swapped sexy photos and GIFs they found on tumblr and other adult web sites. They swapped sexy photos of themselves. And when Karla challenged Sara to a squirting contest, they each sent the other a cell video of their squirting abilities. Their interactions were sexy. They were erotic. They had fun. And it was edgy.

As the months slipped into years, Sara was more convinced that her burning desires to experience sex with another woman would never be fulfilled. She controlled the location of the line she would never cross, and she was fully aware that it was her decision. She couldn't and wouldn't blame anyone else.

+++ THREE MONTHS AGO +++

Sara was proud of her body. She worked out daily to maintain her figure, she liked the results, and John was also appreciative. Part of her exercise program was taking a daily walk, often three miles or more, in the early morning or in the evening.

During one of these walks, she encountered a woman, about her own age, who was also out walking. Sara recognized the woman as her new next door neighbor, but hadn't met her and didn't know her. The neighbor appeared to be about Sara's age, had short blonde hair with blue eyes, and a similar body style. Both ladies had a generous bust line, at least a D cup or larger.

"Hello. I'm Sara. Aren't you my new neighbor?" Sara addressed the stranger with a friendly greeting and a smile on her face.

The blonde woman stopped, smiled, and replied back, "Hello. Yes I believe we are neighbors. I just recently moved in. My name is Marlene. Pleased to meet you."

The two women walked along together, exchanging information about each other, their family, and their backgrounds. Sara learned that Marlene was indeed a bit older, not that she looked it. Marlene was divorced and had recently moved into the area to take a new job. She hadn't yet made many friends, and didn't know any of her neighbors. She was pleased to meet Sara.

The two ladies began an acquaintance and they often met each weekday to walk together. They became good walking buddies, but their friendship didn't go beyond their walks together.

Sara's husband John was a hard worker and a good provider for his family. He had kept the same job for most of the 15 years they had been married. One of his best friends was a co-worker named Mark that John had known and worked with for ten years or more. John often told Sara funny stories about Mark, things Mark had said or done on the job. Even though Sara had never met Mark, she felt she knew him, or about him, fairly well.

Sara knew that Mark was not married, but always seemed to be dating someone or another. She heard from John the latest stories about Mark's dates, even to the point of some details of his sex life. Mark apparently loved to discuss his sex life with the other guys on the job.

So it wasn't that surprising when John told Sara that Mark had a new lady friend. This lady friend was new to the area, had blonde hair, large breasts, and an appetite for all sorts of sexual activities.

"Mark told me another story about his sex life." John mentioned to Sara as they prepared to go to bed one night.

"Does that guy ever talk about anything else?" Sara asked in a rhetorical way. They both laughed at her insinuation.

"He says that Marlene is the most fun he's ever had in bed." John continued. "Or having sex anywhere else inside or outside his house. Sounds like they fuck anywhere and everywhere they can."

"Did you say her name is Marlene?" Sara asked. "You said she is new to the area, and she has blonde hair with big tits? Oh my! I think Mark's dating our new neighbor. I walk with her almost every day."

John laughed. "Maybe that is her. Mark says she is quite the firecracker when it comes to sex."

The next morning Sara went out for her daily walk and Marlene was ready to join her. As they walked, Sara turned to face Marlene,

"Do you know Mark Brown?" Sara asked.

Marlene immediately stopped and turned to face Sara. She paused, thinking about how to respond. She then replied with a knowing grin on her face, "What have you heard?"

Sara wasn't expecting that question in reply, and laughed to lighten the mood. "Nothing bad. What things might I hear?" She decided to continue the question-to-answer-a-question tease.

Marlene broke a big smile across her face and gave Sara a brief, unexpected hug. "I know that Mark talks at work about our sexploits. I presume that somehow you've heard some things." She laughed as she replied.
