 Reading this will be a little confusing if you have not read the previous two sections of 'Sara and the man'.

*****

As the man's flaccid penis slipped out of her anus, Sara Bastin, lying face down with her buttocks raised, was first of all very aware of a kind of emptiness down there. 

The man put his mouth close to her ear and whispered, "Are you all right?"

"I think so," she said, telling herself that it was a stupid answer.

The man had been providing her with magical sexual favours for nearly two months, because her husband Gordon Bastin, who she loved very much, had never been able to consummate their marriage. But yesterday the idea of having the man's lovely hard penis enter her anally, was totally her own.

In so many of the differing positions and games they had played over these weeks, Sara had noticed that any touch on her anus had suggested pleasure. So, on the previous day, as a conclusion to a series of activities which were of her choosing, that is what she had chosen.

The man had not been too sure. He had said he was nervous about hurting her. But Sara had a tube of lubricating cream from when she was first married, and which, because of the sexual difficulties in her marriage, had never been needed.

They'd had a shower together and the man's penis looked fully recharged after an earlier session. As they lay down on the bed he had suggested that they just build up gradually, so they kissed, their tongues fun fighting like old friends. The man's hands wandered all over her body, setting her breasts tingling, stroking along her thighs, and up into her crevice where he had originally suggested they might find sufficient lubrication for the intended contact.

Sara had tenderly stroked his steel hard penis, wondering if such dimensions could enter her tight anus. At last she told him that she didn't want too much vaginal stimulation, as she was curious to know how anal entry would affect her.

The man asked her to turn onto her stomach, and he placed two cushions there so her buttocks were well raised. He started by stroking right along her crevice and onto her anus. His fingers there made Sara's excitement grow.

While he stroked her, they kissed with her head turned to one side, but knew that would have to stop once he entered her. Sara had reached back to continue her manipulation of his sturdy member, not wanting to let it lose any of its power. 

At last he whispered, "I'm getting the cream. You okay?"

"I feel lovely," Sara said, and she did. She was both stimulated and hot with anticipation. The first touch of the man's creamed finger was just around the tiny anal opening, and it had Sara squirming. But when his finger moved deeper, in spite of the cream she felt a dull ache. That brought a doubt into her mind, but as the finger moved deeper all doubt was gone. As she had hoped it was really quite pleasant.

The man removed his finger temporarily to apply more cream, and his entry this time was much easier, much more relaxed. But would his big weapon have a similar effect?

At last he brought his head close to hers and whispered, "I've smeared myself and I'm going to come into you now. Please yell if you hurt."

Sara drew a deep breath, feeling him positioning himself between her thighs. Then he was placing that bulbous head at her anal entrance.

"Do it!" she pleaded, just wanting to know how it would be.

As his penis broke past her tight opening, Sara feared there was going to be pain. She bit her lip, as the pressure that stretched her mounted. The man eased further into her, and it was better. Up and into her moved his erection, gentle but steady, until his belly was pressed against her buttocks.

Sara had a feeling of intense pleasure at having taken it into her, and all the sensations provided by her nerve endings were lifting her.

The man began drawing back and thrusting, drawing back and thrusting. It was nothing like the vaginal sensations, but Sara's excitement was still intense. She flexed her sphincter muscles, and was delighted to hear the man gasp, "God, madam, that is tremendous. Could you do that again?"

Happy to oblige, as he began bucking up into her, she flexed her muscles again feeling her whole rectum totally filled, completely alive with the tingle in hitherto unknown nerves.

Her sphincter muscles were so much easier to flex, but that was when she found that she had rather overdone it for, suddenly, the man's hands that had been holding her hips clenched, and he gasped, "Oh, God—I can't—" Next moment his penis was jerking up higher and ever higher, and Sara, recognised the way he climaxed, as she actually felt his seed running up into her. She had deprived him of his previous ability to keep it up. Now what kind of power was that?

She hadn't climaxed herself, but the sensation of his movement, of his orgasm had been well worth it. There was so much satisfaction in having that effect on him.

When he apologised, she had to tell him not to be so silly, it really had been a successful exercise, and she was sure the next time they did it would be better again. 

The following morning, when she was moving about she was aware of a slight discomfort down there, but she pulled on her silky robe over her naked body, and went ahead with her normal morning procedure of breakfasting and getting Gordon out to work. When he had left, she decided that she felt so lethargic she wouldn't rush to get dressed.

She collected a cook book and in the kitchen decided what Gordon's evening meal would be. Having time on her hands she prepared it as far as she could. 

That done she was crossing the hall when there was a knock at the door. Sara glanced at her watch, and saw that it was rather later than the time the man usually came. Thursday wasn't one of his days, anyway. Sara grinned, getting more eager was he? She would have to tell him he was a naughty man, and there was no chance of getting entry back there today.

She hurried to the door, and flung it open. It wasn't the man. A shorter, blonde haired man stood there, a strange grin on his face, Even before he spoke, Sara, with some despair knew who he was.

"I'm Victor," he told her, his eyes ogling at the careless opening in her robe. "Jen tells me that you might want some wild company."

Sara's fists clenched. Damn you, Jen. This was the man her friend Jen had been filling her time with when her husband was away. Sara had been horrified when Jen had told them that she'd given him the addresses, of each of her friends, because he was worth trying, Another friend had actually tried him, and amazingly, had approved Jen's recommendation.

He took a step forward which prevented her shutting the door, and his eyes continued to look her up and down, as Sara pulled her robe tighter.

"I think you should leave," Sara said firmly.

Not firmly enough obviously, as he reached out a hand, and tried to part her robe. She moved to push him away, and was shocked when he pushed her, hard enough to set her staggering across the hall.

"They didn't tell me what a luscious piece of stuff I'd find here," he almost cackled.

"Just get out," Sara tried again, remembering what her friend had said about it almost being like rape at first.

But he kept moving towards her, as she backed towards the stairs, looking for a weapon she might use. "You haven't seen what I've got for you."

No, she hadn't but his thin cotton pants did not disguise the large bulge that was already there. "Come on," he said, reaching out for her hand. "Just feel it, and you'll not be able to say no."

Sara was getting angry now, as she knocked his hand away she said, "I've heard all about the puny little thing you've got."

She saw the anger flare in his eyes, before he lunged and pushed her backwards to trip on the bottom step and fall back, her robe spreading open up to her waist. He was instantly standing over her, "Now I'm going to see everything you've got." His hand reached for the edge of her robe.

"Get your bloody hands off my wife!"

Victor staggered back as the booming voice echoed around the hall. Gordon, in his work suit and blue shirt, his face more angry than Sara had ever seen it, strode towards them, his fists raised. Her relief at his unexpected arrival was beyond belief.

The slight Victor, who was supposed to be muscular, scuttled around Gordon's tall frame, and away out of the front door, like the startled rat he was. Gordon hurried to the front door, looked out, then slammed the door shut, and came back to where Sara was still sitting on the stairs. She had pulled her robe back into place, and she was thinking that she had never seen her husband look so boldly handsome.

"Away up the drive. Not worth going after, that bastard. Are you all right, my dear?" He sat on the step beside her.

"Now that you're here, I am," she said, as she grabbed his hand and squeezed it. "How are you home?"

"I forgot some papers. Pure chance."

"Lucky chance, " she said, putting her head on his shoulder. "Do you have to go back?"

"Not if you don't want me to."

"I don't."

He stood up and shrugging out of his jacket. He hung it carelessly on the end of the banister. "Then I'll go and make us a cup of coffee."

Sara began to rise, "No, I'll do it."

Gordon placed a firm but gentle hand on her shoulder, "No, you won't. Just relax."

As he walked towards the kitchen, he began rolling up his shirt sleeves, and she called after him, "Should I go and put some clothes on?"

He stopped and looked back at her. She knew her robe had parted to show a generous expanse of bosom. His eyes viewed her for only a second before he said, "No, you look fine as you are."

After a while, she stood and followed him into the kitchen, where he was just topping up two mugs. His shirt sleeves were rolled up tight, and he had removed his tie. Sara couldn't stop thinking of how much she adored him.

They sat at the kitchen table, sipping coffee, and he spoke of mundane things like, "I'm sure that firm works better when I'm not there."

Sara told him how that Victor person came to be there. Gordon's eye widened, "Jen gave him your addresses? That was a stupid thing to do."

They sat quietly sipping their coffees for a while, before Sara admitted, "I'm so glad you stayed with me, Gordon."

He smiled at her, and asked, "Would it please you more if I asked you to go to bed with me right now?"

Without hesitation she replied, "Oh, definitely," But deep inside her that old fear arose. All the attempts they had made, as man and wife, over two years, and all the failures. She just knew she couldn't stand seeing him lose his present relaxed demeanour.

"Then what are we waiting for?" he asked brightly.

Together, hand in hand, like young lovers, they mounted the staircase. Standing by the bed he slipped her robe off her shoulders, and his hands traced over her breasts, along her waist and onto her hips. He drew her close to kiss her, and their tongues met in a gentle exploratory manner, that set the inside of Sara's cheeks tingling.

With him standing close, she could feel his hardness against her bare belly. They'd often been in that situation, but it was the moment of entry that worried her.

Gordon eased her onto the bed and she shuffled into the centre. He quickly dropped his pants and boxers, and wriggled alongside her. Sara could not help noticing that his erection looked more positive than it did during all the failures. As she reached cautiously for it, she had to admit there was a stiffness about it, and she stroked it carefully as they kissed again.

His hands played over her breasts, and his fingers pinched at the nipples. Then he broke the kiss to move his mouth onto her breasts, where he licked and sucked at her nipples. In spite of her concerns Sara felt her insides begin their familiar trembling. 

Gordon's hand moved down to flutter among her pubic hair, before one finger curled into the joint of her thighs, which immediately parted, allowing his whole hand to run along the quickly moistening crevice. Sara stroked his back with one hand, and with the other she held on to his erection, which remained firm. One of his fingers was caressing her clitoris, while the other circled her vaginal entrance.

God, she was so ready. She just couldn't believe it. As his fingers did their work down there, his lips and tongue continued to favour her breast and nipples. With some skill, he was bringing her to that moment, when she was going to need his erect rod riding up inside her. But now, it was a dreaded moment, because if he didn't make it--Sara just could not contemplate how it would effect him.

His fingers moved from her clitoris so that his hand could move teasing up and down her inner thigh. "Ah, that is such a wonderful smoothness," he said, and she could tell he too was sounding breathless. Just as suddenly his fingers were back to probing her intimate area. One finger moved into her vagina, performing a tantalising circling motion, while another flickered around and over her clitoris.

Sara's first warning, apart from the twitching of her hips and the uncontrollable swaying of her head from side to side, was the flexing of her own vaginal muscles madly seeking fulfillment. Nervous as she was she had to tell him, "Oh, Gor—Gordon—I—"

Without any hesitation, Gordon rolled between her thighs, and Sara lost her hold on his erection, as he moved to place it inside her. Sara knew that she could destroy her own climax by worrying about her fear of the feel of wet splashes on her belly, or hearing his disappointed groan as his penis flopped. Such sensations were so familiar in their attempts as man and wife.

She was so distracted by these worries that she suddenly became aware that Gordon was over her and inside her. His solid penis was actually filling her, massive, yet travelling so smoothly, that she groaned with the wild ecstasy of the exquisite feelings inside her. The sheer relief of knowing these feelings were being produced by a very hard, very mobile penis, Gordon's penis. He was moving, solid inside her. They were man and wife. Gordon wasn't acting, and such was her shock, surprise, and delight that she instantly climaxed, with her vagina trying to clamp on Gordon's probing iron hard penis. 

As though she was some distance from the event she realised that he was still thrusting inside her, but his movements were becoming swifter and ever deeper, until he grunted a loud exhalation of breath and she sensed him pulsing again and again inside her.

He had done it. At last she was his, and he belonged to her. She suddenly realised she was sobbing with the sheer joy of it.

Gordon, a disturbed look on his face, looked up into her face. "Sara, why are you crying? Did I hurt you?"

"No, no," Sara tried to reassure him, but she was aware that there were tears on her cheeks. "You've just made me so happy. We made it together."

He kissed the tears from her cheeks, and eyes. His mouth found hers and they shared a long, almost chaste kiss.

From tears to utter happiness, Sara burst out laughing. Gordon leaned over her again, "Oh my God, you're not going mad are you?"

"No, no I'm not," she giggled. "I was just thinking, pest controller, what made you think of that?"

He laughed with her, clearly just as relieved as she was, "So I could tell you I liked filling cracks.".

"You'll have to thank that therapist," she told him.

"Yes, when he suggested a last resort tactic, which he called the thrill of the illicit, I wasn't too sure. He told me that he'd had one success with a client acting out the role-play of being a stranger seducing another man's wife."

"All you told me was that I had to accept you as a stranger, and eventually I had to give in to you."

Gordon kissed her. "It didn't take you long, but the whole charade worked. That's the blessing," he said with a smile. 

"Hell, Gordon, that first time in the kitchen, I was desperate for it, yet, so nervous, that you might not sustain it, that it was easy to act like a wife ready to surrender herself."

"You were very convincing," he told her.

"The hard part was not being able to discuss good sessions with you, as Gordon. "

Gordon sat up beside her, "And now we have one more river to cross."

Sara frowned, "What would that be?"

His face was more serious as he told her, "Finding out if it all works out at the times we'd usually try to do it, in the evenings."

"You worried about that?"

"Not as much as I might have been. But let's spend the day out, come back late, eat, and take it from there."

"I have a chicken supreme all set for preparation," Sara told him.

"Right," Gordon said determinedly, "we'll shower, dress and drive out into the country. Weather looks set fair."

Within an hour they were parking in a quiet village, well away from any city. Hand in hand they strolled along the banks of the river, where Gordon pointed out and named a range of birds that they saw. He had always been keen at that. They stopped at a small pub and sat outside in the sun, talking and laughing about many of the incidents they'd shared over recent weeks.

"Our wicked past," Sara laughed.

When they reached home, it was nearly seven o'clock. Sara told him the food would only take half an hour, so Gordon went to have a shower. Sara was feeling so good about things, but that old worry still persisted and she knew that tonight it had to be allayed once and for all.

He came back in his dressing gown, and gave Sara a hand so she could take a shower before they ate. She decided that, since Gordon was in his dressing gown, she would only wear a silken robe.

It was nearly eight as they sat, eating their meal and sipping white wine. Gordon declared how good the meal had been, and moving around the table, he gave Sara an appreciative hug, slipping his hand inside her robe to fondle her breast. Then he declared, "Bedtime, I think."

Sara looked into his eyes, and saw only sexual hunger. She had already decided how she would start any proceedings. It would be a major step in proving Gordon was going to be all right.

In the bedroom, they stood by the side of the bed, and divested each other of their covering gowns. They stood there, gazing at each other. "I haven't told you how wonderful it is to be able to look at you as my actual wife". Gordon whispered.

Sara, having been delighted to see that Gordon already had a substantial erection, did not reply, but immediately dropped to her knees, and took his hardness deep into her mouth. As she moved her tongue around it and heard Gordon's moan of pleasure, she knew she had achieved a first step. 

Gordon reached down, and put his hands under her shoulders to lift her. "Lovely, my dear," he said."So far, so good."

Gently he lay her on the bed, parted her thighs, and buried his face in her nether moistness. For Sara, already well prepared, it was an extra touch of heaven as his tongue, caressed her clitoris, and his fingers probed her vaginal entry.

Sara's hips began to heave, her mind was trying to reject worrying thoughts, but, just as before, Gordon rose up above her, and before she could even think too deeply his perfect rod was inside her. Immediately, Sara's vaginal muscles were working on him like so many fingers, and her hips were eager to match his thrusts. Harder and harder they pounded together, marking this as the special occasion that they had been aiming for. With mutual cried they obtained their first mutual orgasm, and for Sara it was a joy to feel Gordon's penis pulsing and pulsing his seed deep into her, and for the first time she was thinking that they would start a family.

As they recovered, Sara put that notion to him, and was delighted at his enthusiastic reaction. "Have you stayed on the pill all this time?" he asked. 
