 AUTHOR'S NOTES: This is a sequel to "Sara's First Pussy". That story, while a work of fiction, was largely based upon actual events. This sequel is mostly fiction based upon the yet unfulfilled fantasies of some of the people involved.

I have tried to make this a standalone story not dependent upon reading the original. However, reading the original will provide a more complete understanding of the characters and the events leading up to this story. I am providing a synopsis of the original story for those that want to skip it and jump into this story.

*****

+++ SYNOPSIS OF "Sara's First Pussy" +++

Sara, a 35 year old busty redhead, had lived a safe, predictable life. She and her husband John had been married for 15 years and had what she considered a very good, occasionally great, sex life.

Her life began to change when one day, while looking to add some safe spice to her sex life, she discovered the Literotica web site. Initially she just read the erotic stories to enhance her masturbation experiences. Sara was surprised that reading a lesbian sex scene made her especially aroused. She had never before considered having sex with another female. Then she discovered the Lit forums, began to make some posts, made some friends, and eventually even posted some selfie pics in the Amateur Pic Feedback forum. Her husband, John, supported her participation as a safe way to explore her sexuality.

Sara developed an on-line friendship with Karla, an experienced member of the Literotica forums. Karla teased Sara about the two of them getting together for sexual play, but Sara didn't want to cheat on her husband. However Sara told John about Karla's sexual overtures and John suggested that Sara should consider having a same-sex experience. He specifically gave her his blessing to do so. Sara began to consider the possibilities and a desire to experience another female sexually began to grow within her. The weeks passed into months which passed into three years. While Sara's desire for a sexual encounter with another woman increased, what also increased was her certainty that such an encounter would never happen.

Her life took another turn when she met their new neighbor, Marlene. Initially Sara and Marlene were just exercise partners, walking a few miles each weekday morning together. Then, in a happenstance way, Sara learned from John that his co-worker Mark was dating Marlene and Mark was freely telling his co-workers about his sexual exploits with Marlene. When Sara confronted Marlene with this information, she not only learned that the rumors were true, they also discovered that they both had Hitachi Wands which they loved to use, and that they both enjoyed squirting as a powerful sexual experience.

These discoveries, along with John's continued support and blessing for Sara to expand her sexual experiences, led initially to Sara having a masturbation play date with Marlene. That encounter soon led to a full girl/girl sexual encounter, fulfilling her desires she never thought she would satisfy, including a couple of sexual firsts for Sara - eating another woman's pussy, and having her own pussy eaten by another female.

+++ A FEW WEEKS LATER +++

Since their initial encounters, Sara and Marlene continued to meet for their Play Dates, but these became less frequent as the novelty wore off. They continued their weekday morning walks together and they enjoyed being neighbors and friends.

What did continue were Karla's text messages to Sara about them getting together sometime.

KARLA: "I know I wasn't your first, but maybe I will get my chance?"

SARA: "Are you mad that I didn't wait for you to be my first?"

KARLA: "A bit disappointed, but I didn't really make myself available."

SARA: "You still live far away."

KARLA: "I'm working on that."

Sara wasn't sure what Karla meant by that last message. Was it more of her teasing? Or did she have something in the works?

Over the past three years, Karla and Sara had become very good friends. Before her experiences with Marlene, some part of Sara had thought that if she ever had sex with another woman, Karla was likely to be that one. It hadn't worked out that way, but Sara still had a desire to be with Karla, if it could be arranged.

Fate again made events happen for Sara.

KARLA: "You won't guess."

SARA: "What?????"

KARLA: "I'm coming to your city on a business trip. Would love to see you that weekend."

Sara could hardly believe the words on her cell screen. She might actually meet Karla and who knows what may happen. Sara felt that tingle in her pussy. She knew she wanted to make things happen with Karla.

SARA: "When?" 

KARLA: "I'll be there two weeks from today, Wed-Fri. Want to see you over the weekend."

SARA: "OMG, I'm tingling"

KARLA: "Hand in panties. Finger in pussy. So wet for you."

SARA: "Oh you naughty girl. I do want you."

KARLA: "I'll take that as a Yes"

SARA: "YES. I'll talk with John and get back to you."

KARLA: "Convince him."

Sara knew it wouldn't take much to convince John. She just needed to work out with him how it could happen. Did she want to be alone with Karla? Maybe at her hotel? Or could she invite Karla to stay at their home over the weekend? Would John be involved somehow?

Over time Sara had developed a few fantasies of her own. One that kept appearing in her dreams had her kneeling between Karla's open legs, eating her pussy, while her husband John fucked her from behind. She just thought it would be so incredibly erotic to be taken like that while she ate a pussy herself. She had discussed this fantasy with John, and he agreed that would be so hot. They knew this would not happen with Marlene as the other woman, as neither Marlene, nor Mark would allow any male to be present while Sara and Marlene played. But maybe Karla would be a different story.

That night Sara snuggled up to John in bed and began stroking his cock as she spoke.

"Karla gave me a surprise today." she told her husband.

John's erection was growing quickly. He was interested in Karla's surprise, but was more intent on having sex with his wife. "What sort of surprise?" he asked hurriedly.

"She'll be here on business in two weeks, and wants to see me that weekend." Sara replied just before leaning over and licking the head of John's cock.

John moaned at the touch of her tongue. "Hmmmmm. Feels so good." he said. "Just you, or maybe. . . Us?"

"I'd like to play with her one-on-one some, if I may. But you know I also have a 3-some fantasy involving both of you with me."

Knowing that her vagina was already wet and lubricated, she pulled her mouth off his cock, raised up on her knees, swung a leg over his body, and then lowered herself down upon his rigid member.

"Fuck!" he exclaimed. "That feels so good. I know you are trying to get me to say 'Yes' to something, aren't you?"

Sara began riding his cock slowly as she stared into his eyes. "Is it working?" she asked in reply.

"How can I say 'Yes' when you haven't yet asked for anything?" John was being coy, trying to get Sara to be more specific about her sexual plans.

"Can I invite Karla to spend the weekend with us? Friday and Saturday nights?" Sara continued to ride his cock and she leaned into him and gave him a passionate kiss.

At this point the conversation about Karla stopped. Both were focused on enjoying raw, passionate sex with each other. The conversation about Karla could wait until later. 

John placed his hands on Sara's hips and pulled her down onto his cock more forcefully with each thrust. After a while, she sat up, changing the points of contact of his cock inside her vagina. He moved his hands to her large breasts and began groping them, the way he knew she liked.

The sex was hot. They were physical. And they both loved each other so much. Their orgasms were fantastic.

After they both were sexually satiated, they lay cuddling each other and kissing gently. Sara ran a fingernail lightly over his chest. "You didn't answer my question." she said in softly.

"Fuck yeah. She can come." he replied, although they both knew he wouldn't say 'no' to her. "But what about the kids?"

"The boys will be at summer camp that weekend." Sara replied. "And you know the girls want to spend some time at your parents' place this summer. We could send them over there for a long weekend."

"So just you and me with Karla?" He asked with a sly smile on his lips. "Any rules or limits?"

"I want this to be focused on Karla and me. The two of us having sex. Maybe you will take pictures and some video of us, if she is willing to have you with us." Sara was trying to consider what they wanted to do together, not fully knowing what Karla wanted to do, or not do.

"And what about your 3-some fantasy? Might we try that?" John asked, hoping she would say 'yes'.

"I want to, but I'll have to ask her if she is comfortable with that." Sara replied, attempting to think off the top of her head.

Their conversation stopped while it was obvious that Sara was thinking through the possibilities that they might encounter together.

"John, this is going to sound very selfish. I want to have sex with Karla, and with both of you. But I don't think I can handle you having sex with her. I know that sounds weird. Why me and not you? Just the way I feel. Maybe I need to rethink all of this." Sara stopped rambling and hugged her husband.

"So nothing sexual between Karla and me?" he asked in a rhetorical manner. "I think I understand your position. And I think we need to take this one small step at a time and see what each of us is comfortable doing. I know this is primarily about you and Karla."

They held each other tight and kissed some more. Then they fell asleep and both slept well that night.

The next day Sara sent a text message to Karla.

SARA: "Spoke with John. You are invited to spend Fri/Sat nights at our home. :)"

KARLA: "I accept!"

SARA: "The kids will be away for the weekend. Just the three of us. You OK with John being there?"

KARLA: "I'm OK with that. Hubby has given me limits."

SARA: "Hubby? You're married? I didn't know."

KARLA: "You never asked. :)"

SARA: "I think we need to discuss limits and boundaries."

KARLA: "The three of us can talk when I arrive."

SARA: "Don't you think we need to discuss in advance? So you know you want to come?"

KARLA: "I'm cumming regardless of the limits. We can discuss when I arrive."

And with that Sara's next sexual adventure was scheduled. Over the next several days Sara and Karla exchange information about the details of time and location. As Karla intended to have a rental car that week, she would drive over to Sara and John's house when she was finished with her business on Friday afternoon. Sara's boys were at camp and Sara would have taken their daughters to their grandparent's place for the weekend. All was set and Sara was so excited. Her long-held desire to have sex with another woman would be happening again. And maybe even more.

+++ FRIDAY OF THE FOLLOWING WEEK +++

John and Sara both took the day off from work that Friday. Besides getting the house prepared for their special guest, they wanted to spend some time alone discussing limits concerning their play with Karla, still not knowing exactly what activities they may engage in. They agreed on several items that they would discuss with Karla when she arrived.

Their plans for Karla's visit would start with them all gathered in the family room and getting to know each other. Drinks would be offered before, during and after dinner. What happened after all that would be for the three to decide.

Sara was wearing one of her breezy summer dresses with sandals. Underneath she wore a new set of matching light blue, satin bra and thong panties. John wore a short sleeve summer shirt with khaki slacks.

Just after 4:00 they heard a car door shut in their driveway. Within moments their doorbell rang, and they knew that Karla had arrive. Sara could feel a tingle of sexual anticipation begin in her pussy. And she loved it.

Opening the door, she finally met, face to face, her on-line friend. They immediately hugged in a tight embrace.

"We finally meet." said Sara. "Please come in. Let me introduce you. Karla, this is John. John, this is Karla."

John also got a big hug from Karla. "Thanks for welcoming me into your home." she said.

Karla was dressed casually in a white, sleeveless top, navy shorts and sandals. She was about the same height as Sara, had long dark hair and incredible blue eyes. She was much thinner than Sara, and appeared to have B-cup breasts. She realized that her attire didn't appear very business-like. "I managed to change into something more casual before heading out here. I hope you don't mind."

"That is wonderful. I expect we will be very casual all weekend." Sara said as she imagined that they might actually have far less clothing on for many activities.

"Do you have any luggage? May I help bring in anything?" asked John.

"I just have a bag in the trunk of the car. That would be nice if you brought that in." Karla replied to John as she handed him her car keys.

Sara led Karla into the kitchen and asked "Care for something to drink? We have water, beer, and wine."

"A glass of water would be fine. Maybe some white wine later." Karla replied.

Sara poured two glasses of water, one for Karla and one for herself. They then went into the family room and took a seat. 

After John had brought in Karla's bag, he rejoined the ladies. "Your suitcase is in your room, first on the left at the top of the stairs."

"Thank you." Replied Karla with a smile and a wink. "Maybe for that you'll get a special treat later."

That last piece made both Sara and John tingle a bit.

Sara started a new discussion, "Maybe it's time to discuss our limits for this weekend." Both Karla and John nodded at her, so she continued. "Karla, as you know from our chats, John and I are not swingers. We've never swapped or done anything like that. He supported my desires to experience sex with another woman. I am looking forward to you and me having some special fun together."

"That's why I'm here." interrupted Karla. They all chuckled as that broke the ice a bit.

Sara continued to look at Karla while she was speaking. "I don't know if you intended for it to be just the two of us, or whether John could be there with us. Maybe just to watch and take some pics and videos. Are you OK with John joining us to do that?"

"Oh honey yes! Of course John can be with us. I want him with us." Karla sat up and appeared energized by the discussion. "I get a big thrill by having someone watch me as I have sex. And taking pictures and video would be even hotter. Steve, my husband, would love the pics and vids. And it is fine with me if John wants to play with us."

Sara was shocked by Karla enthusiasm and openness. "I thought you said that hubby gave you limits?"

"Steve and I have basically the same limits. He cannot put his dick into another woman's pussy or ass. And I cannot have another man's cock in my pussy or ass. Everything else is in play." Karla was casually and frankly explaining her limits. She looked at Sara and added. "You and I can do anything your heart desires. If you have a cock, you know a strap-on or a dildo, you can fuck me silly with that. And if John wants to eat my pussy or have me suck his cock, that's all fine by me."

Sara was both excited and concerned. She could detect similar mixed feelings in John's expressions.

"Oh wow." Sara paused as she took a deep breath. "You and hubby really are quite open about things, aren't you?" Sara's question was rhetorical. "I don't think that John and I are quite ready for all that right now, if ever."

John could tell that Sara was a bit intimidated by Karla's forwardness. So he picked up and continued the discussion. "Karla, we are both excited by your. . . your eagerness to play with us. But we're not comfortable with diving into the deep end of the pool, so to speak. Sara and I have discussed this quite a bit and we feel this weekend is primarily about the two of you playing together. I will be there some to watch and take pics. At this point, she is not comfortable with any sexual contact between you and me. No intercourse, no oral, not even any touching that could be considered sexual. I want this experience for her, so I am willing to abide by her limits. We hope you're not too disappointed."

Karla appeared to be a bit deflated, but quickly perked up. She took Sara's hands into her own and said, "I came to have sex with my best on-line friend, and I intend to enjoy doing that." Then she added, "I hope that your rules may be flexible, should we together decide we want to go further."

Sara could feel the tingle in her pussy intensify. Likely her panties were becoming damp. She wasn't ready to rush into bed with Karla as she knew there would be plenty of time this weekend for that. And she knew that she and John had discussed having flexibility in their limits. They would be prepared to adjust things as the deemed appropriate.

"How about we have some wine and prepare dinner?" Sara announced more as a statement and not a question as she rose from her seat on the sofa.

"Great idea." replied Karla as she followed Sara into the kitchen. John was close behind.

After each was poured a glass of white wine, they raised their glasses.

"A toast to friends." said John as they clinked glasses.

"Friends AND Lovers!" Karla corrected him. They all chuckled and drank some wine.

Dinner was kept fairy simple, spaghetti with meat sauce, a tossed salad of spring greens, garlic bread, and more wine. While dining, they talked like long time friends. All topics, including sex, were raised and they learned quite a bit about each other. John and Sara were surprised to hear about the various sex parties Karla had attended, sometimes with her husband Steve, and sometimes without him. And they learned about Karla's experiences with BDSM. Karla urged Sara and John to try that sometime. Karla particularly loved to be bound to a bed spread-eagle, blindfolded, and used by her husband in whatever way he wanted. Forced orgasms, as Steve used her Hitachi wand on her, was one of her favorites.

"I don't think we will be doing that tonight." replied Sara.

"Not tonight? So maybe tomorrow?" Karla slipped that in, aware that Sara probably didn't intend to leave the door open for tomorrow. Again they all laughed and drank more wine.

After dinner John said he would clear the table and wash the dishes. Sara and Karla refilled their wine glasses and returned to the family room, sitting together on the sofa. Initially the ladies were just talking. Soon they were touching each other, caressing arms and legs. Then they kissed and things began to heat up. When John came to the family room to join the conversation, he found Sara and Karla kissing while fondling each other's breasts.

"Shall we go up to the bedroom?" Sara asked Karla.

Karla just nodded her agreement to Sara.

"Do you want to start alone, just the two of us? Or can John come along to watch?" Sara asked Karla as they both stood up from the sofa.

"I really do love having an audience. He can come watch, and take pics." Karla responded. "But I need a few moments in my room. I'll join you in a few."

Karla stepped into the guest room while Sara and John went into their bedroom. Sara pulled down the covers and top sheet. The bed had previously been made with a waterproof liner over the mattress, and Sara decided to leave the fitted sheet on top. She reckoned it would have to be replaced later in the night.

Sara removed her dress and sandals, leaving her in only her thong and bra. She lay on the bed in a sexy pose and John took the opportunity to snap some pics on his cell phone.
