 It is suggested you read "Sara and Teri Ch. 01" prior to this story, as the events there precede this short exchange.

********

The cab ride back to our cars seemed much longer than the ten minutes it actually took. We sat pretty much in silence the whole way. Teri seemed timid. What does one say in this situation? I mean, I never imagined ever being in this position, having sex...no, make that great sex, with Teri. Maybe sometime down the road I could have imagined it if she was no longer married, but this all happened so quickly. I felt like I had to say something to her.

"I had a really nice time tonight," I blurted out much too quickly. 

Gee, that didn't sound too lame, I instantly thought. I just felt like I had to be away from her right now. I could not even think about Sara, which is exactly what I wanted to do at this point. I did not know what to do or say.

She looked at me almost as if to say "how lame", then smiled and said, "I did, too. Thanks Steve. You don't know how good it made me feel about myself. Still friends?"

"Of course still friends," I said relieved.

We arrived at the parking garage although not soon enough.

The cab driver let us out front and I leaned over and paid him. Teri exited the cab and I quickly followed. It was dark and the parking attendant was gone. It was past 11:00 P.M. and the streets of downtown were quiet for a Friday.

"Where are you parked?" I asked.

"Second deck, I think," she replied. 

"Good, I'll walk you to your car. That's where I am, too, I think. It's been awhile since I pulled in this morning at seven," I said.

"I don't know how you do that. Work such long hours."

"Nothing else to do, I guess. No wife, no girlfriend, certainly no kids."

"Sounds to me like you could use some steady loving yourself. Maybe you and I should get together more often." 

I did not know how to respond to this so I let it pass. Or at least I thought it would pass.

When we reached her car I looked down at her and even in the dark garage I could see the devilish grin on her face. 

"I don't..." I began. 

But I was stopped short.

"Shut up and kiss me," she insisted and pushed her body against mine, her breasts crushed against me. She reached for my mouth with hers and began a slow, wet and sensuous kiss. Slowly and rhythmically, she moved her body up and down against mine, her nipples hardening as they slid against my chest. I reached between us and began rubbing her mound, which only aroused her more. I was more than hard right now. I never realized Teri could be so sensual.

When she sensed how hard I was, she descended slowly to her knees and pushed me back so that I was leaning against her car door. Everything she did, all of her movements, were so sexy. I never envisioned Teri quite like this. 

Delicately, yet with a purpose, she started to undo my belt, careful not to touch me otherwise.

"Ohhhhh Teri..." I moaned as I threw my head back. 

With my eyes now having adjusted to the dark, aided by the street lamp across the street, I looked down after she had fully unzipped my pants and was just about to free my seven inch monster from my pants. I wanted to see her take me in her mouth. She took hold of me. 

"Oh Steve...your cock is so big. I wanna lick it all over," she said.

She then looked up at me, our eyes meeting. I could see the street lights reflecting off her eyes. She just held it and looked at me as if waiting for me to tell her to continue.

"Oh Teri, suck it. Suck my cock," I begged.

I stroke the sides of her face as she begun to lick me, first running her tongue up and down the sides. What a tease! 

We were looking into each other's eyes now as she took the head into her mouth, sucking it in hard, her tongue swirling around it And then slowly, she started bobbing up and down on my cock, her tongue sliding along my shaft. She steadied herself on her knees, her arms wrapped around my waist with her hands on my ass. 

I never felt so devoured; so wanted before. 

Remembering how wonderful her tits looked and felt naked not too much earlier in the night, I reached down and through her top rubbed my hand across her chest. As she reacted to my touch, her movement on my cock increased. As I got rougher with her boobs, grabbing them and squeezing, her blowjob became more urgent. As I slowed down and slowly raked my hand across both globes, feeling her nipples penetrate through her bra and react to my fingertips, her mouth slowed down and bobbed gently up and down, coating its length with her saliva. 

Her wet touch was amazing; so amazing I wanted it to last forever.

But when she took one hand and started playing with my balls, rolling them in her hand, I sensed the urgency; after all, it was getting late and we were in a public parking garage. Her sucking intensified, her speed increased, and the sound she was making was putting me over the edge. My hand left her tits and I braced myself against the car door.

"Uhhhhhh...I'm going to cum..." And indeed I could not hold back anymore. 

I shot the first load when my cock was deep in her throat and thought for sure she would gag, but she took it and continued to suck as the second spurt hit her tonsils as well. 

Damn, I thought, Teri is a professional cocksucker! 

My third shot hit her tongue and she swallowed it clean. As my cock left her mouth, I deposited my overflow onto her lips, which she quickly licked off with her tongue. 

"Mmmmmmmm," she moaned as she did this. 

I was spent even though I had not done a thing, the whole time leaning against her car. 

I straightened up and pulled up my pants looking at Teri who looked at that moment in the streetlight to be the most beautiful woman I had ever seen.

"That was amazing. Teri. I never imagined." and I trailed off. She just giggled.

"Never imagined what? That I could please my man? You would never believe how long I've wanted to do that to you, Steve," Teri stated.

"Really?" I asked. 

When she nodded 'yes', I added, "Well, I'm glad you did." 

Oh shit, I thought. For the first time since we left the cab I remembered I was supposed to go back to Sara's. How could I forget that? It had been well over the half hour she told me to get back there.

"See you Monday, Steve. And again, thanks for this evening." 

She walked right by me and got into her car. Before pulling away she rolled down her car window and said, "Have a good time at Sara's." And then she pulled quickly away. 

How did she know? I thought of this as I walked briskly to my car, looked at the clock on the dashboard and figured that I would only be late by ten or fifteen minutes at the most.

I sped away...

To be continued...