 I had just turned 27 when I met Sara. She was in her mid-50s at the time.

I was moving up 95 from DC to Baltimore for my first "real" job and needed a place to stay. One of my aunt's friends said she knew a woman that wanted to rent a room, so I went to check it out.

It was actually more than just a room; it was the entire ground level of a renovated three-story walkup in the Harlem Park area. It had a separate entrance, a parking spot in the back and the rent was cheap - so I took it that day.

Sara was "interesting"... I'd met her kind before. She was an old-school type of sista: southern-raised, lady-like, flirty. She rarely used my name, instead calling me "sweetie", "suga" or "baby".

She reminded me of the actress that played the mom on "Family Matters".

In her living room, she had several pictures of herself when she was younger - very hot! She still had it going on when we met; a few extra pounds in the right places, but I remember thinking that I would definitely "hit that".

I didn't realize that she was thinking the same about me.

I moved in the following week and started my new life in B'More.

I saw Sara every morning as I left for work. She was always sitting at the kitchen window sipping coffee as I went to my car; she was usually wearing only her nightie or a short robe. I pretended not to notice at first, but by the third or fourth day, she smiled and waved - so I had to acknowledge that I noticed.

A month in she called me on the phone that Saturday morning and invited me to come up for breakfast. I went up and we had bacon, eggs and coffee at the small table where she always sat in the morning.

She was barefoot and wearing a black, silky robe that stopped mid-thigh (I later found out she owned several of the same robe in different colors). She had a heart-shaped tattoo above her left breast. Her shoulder-length hair was pulled into a tight bun; she wore no make-up and I could smell the slight hint of a musky-oil. I could see the outline of her nipples against the robe. Sara was definitely hot!

My jeans got tight, so I tried not to stare. I wasn't trying to mess things up.

We talked about lots of different things: my job, some people we knew in common, football, family. She was divorced and retired, had no kids, and owned this house and two others that she rented for income.

We ended up hanging out all that day, and then again the next day. This became a routine for us on the weekends. It was hard not to think about what it would be like to fuck Sara; her mannerisms and the way she would dress around me did NOT help.

It finally happened a month after that first time we hung out.

One Saturday she called me to come up for breakfast or lunch like she always did. We ate, talked, joked, flirted, had a few beers and watched TV. Usually this lasted until late afternoon, unless one of us had something else to do.

"You got plans for the rest of the day?" she asked. Sara was wearing her pale-blue robe, which was untied, black flip-flops, black knee-length yoga pants and a grey tank top.

"Nope." I lied; I was supposed to meet some co-workers for drinks, but wanted to see what Sara had in mind.

Sara smiled and said nothing else. We watched college football and settled in at opposite ends of her couch.

At half time, she asked if I wanted another beer. When she got up to go to the kitchen, she left behind her robe and the flip-flops. The display of cleavage and protruding nipples made my cock twitch in the sweats I was wearing. It wasn't easy trying to hide the obvious bulge.

She came back with the beers and passed one to me. She sat on the coffee table directly in front of me, staring into my eyes and taking long swigs of beer. I took a drink and stared back.

"Here we go...!" I thought to myself.

I put my beer down and she did the same. I leaned forward and kissed her. For several minutes, only our mouths and tongues touched. I rolled down to my knees in front of Sara and spread her legs, pulling her to me. She placed her hands to her sides, gripping the table, while I allowed mines to explore her body.

I ran my hand through her hair, took a firm grip and gently tugged her head back, planting kisses under her chin and down her neck. I stopped and licked the heart tattoo. Sara moaned.

I leaned back and marveled at her nipples standing at attention under the tank top. I placed a hand under each of her tits (which were heavier than I thought they'd be), and using only the tips of my thumbs, circled and teased her nipples.

"Mmmmm...baby!" Sara moaned, "I love havin' my nipples played with..."

I kept going. Biting her bottom lip, Sara tightened her grip on the edge of the table and flexed her toes. Her calves and thighs tensed, and that's when I noticed the deep camel-toe impression - obviously she wasn't wearing panties.

Keeping my hand on her left breast, I slipped my other hand between her legs, pressing my forefinger into the protruding pussy-lips and rubbing the fabric. I searched until I felt her clit.

"Oooooh, shit...I'm gonna cum...!" Sara announced, clenching her eyes tight.

It literally took seconds. Her entire body tensed, she cried out and then made several hard convulsions.

She collapsed forward into my arms when it was over, and I helped her onto the couch.

I watched the game while she caught her breathe.

"Damn!" Sara finally said.

"You good?" I asked.

"Yeah, I'm good..." she whispered, cuddling up against me and rubbing my crotch. "Maybe you need to get out of these sweats."

Neither of us spoke another word. I stood and removed my sweats, t-shirt and boxer-briefs. Sara stripped out of her remaining clothes as well.

She led me to her bedroom and pushed me down on the bed. Taking a firm grip of my throbbing cock, she fell between my legs. My dick soon disappeared down her throat.

Sara sucked me for what seemed like hours. I was surprised that I hadn't cum yet.

She placed her hands under my thighs and had me raise them until my knees were against my chest. The things she did to my balls and ass with her tongue were amazing! My toes curled and a few times I actually squealed.

Sara then had me roll over onto my stomach and raise my hips. I gladly followed her instructions, burying my face into her pillow. Spreading my legs and ass-cheeks she continued to tongue my ass and suck my balls while stroking my dangling cock.

This was a "first" for me and I savored every minute.

I made a low, deep moan when I felt my orgasm building. Sara pulled my cock back between my thighs, teasing and sucking the head. When I shot my load she took me fully into her mouth and swallowed every drop.

My toes tensed and curled and my thighs went weak. She continued to milk me dry, finally letting me flop onto my stomach when my cock went limp.

I saw stars and felt light-headed, as I panted for air.

"I'll give you a minute." She giggled as she left the room.

She returned with the beers that we'd started before, placing mines on the nightstand while she sat next to me and sipped hers.

"I didn't break nothing, did I?" Sara smiled. She was clearly proud of what she was able to do to me.

"Not at all..." I finally panted. I righted myself and took a swig of my beer.

We talked and finished our beers. And then we kissed again, wrapping and entwining our legs and arms around each other.

My cock was almost instantly hard again. She pulled my on top of her and soon I was inside her. Sara's pussy was warm, wet and tight.

"Fuck me, sweetie," she moaned into my ear, "fuck me good...!"

And I did - we did. We humped long and hard. I pounded Sara's pussy until she came - twice. When I finally emptied my second load into her we were both a sore, sweaty, sticky mess.

From that day forward, my landlady and I have been regular fuck-buddies.