 There are areas in our office that get a lot of use. The conference rooms are always full of groups discussing important matters, the editing bays are full of videographers plying their trade. The cubicles are full of writers banging out scripts.

And then, there is one room that doesn't get a lot of use. It's our control room, where, during studio shows, we have a lot of folks working. But when it's not in use, very few people go there. There is just very little call to be in there when nothing is going on in the studio.

It's so quiet, in fact, that people will often bring their lunches in there just to shut the door, turn the lights down and enjoy a break from the hectic pace.

Which would make it the perfect place to - I dunno - take a quick opportunity to be with someone who makes you horny.

I can remember this day so vividly. Sara was in charge of an upcoming studio shoot, and I knew that she was going to be working in the control room, setting light levels, working with the studio camera, creating graphics - the usual stuff that has to be done well in advance of a show.

That day, I kept my eyes open, carefully monitoring the activities of everyone in the office. I knew that early in the afternoon the rest of the video team was going to be in a meeting, and that Sara was exempted to continue her show preparations. Once I saw that the meeting had started, I knew my opportunity had come. 

I walked down the hallway to the control room door and put my ear to it. I could hear the sound of audio being tweaked, controls being operated and Sara reading from a checklist to herself. Opening the door, I saw her at the control panel from behind, bent over slightly checking the many buttons and switches arrayed across the control panel. Absorbed in her work, she had no idea I was there.

I quietly entered the room, shutting and locking the door behind me. With that click, Sara turned her head, looking up from the console. "Oh, hey Ken."

Without a word, I walked the paces between me and her, wrapping my arms around her from behind and burying my nose in her hair, kissing her on her neck. 

"Ken, I'm busy right now..." started Sara, but as I ran my hands around her hips, over her stomach and up toward her breasts, I could feel her giggle. "You are being a bad boy, Ken," she giggled, but didn't offer any resistance. In fact, she took my left hand and guided it up toward her breasts. Her nipples were already hard in the very cool room, and she was not bashful about pressing my hand into her soft, yielding flesh. 

With my right hand, I reached down the front of her jeans, running my fingers over the warm skin of her stomach until I reached her satin panties. From there, I slid them under the soft fabric, down to her shaved pussy. She was already getting warm from the kissing and caressing, and I could feel her breathe in sharply as I began to rub her in gentle circles. 

This was getting Sara more excited, and as I played with her wet pussy, I could feel her rubbing her tight ass against me. Her breathing sped up and as I kissed her neck and nibbled on her ear, she pressed my left hand more firmly into her beautiful full tits. 

We kept at this for a while, with Sara's pussy becoming wetter as I gently pulled her lips apart to get better access to her clit. She thrust her hips into my hand, trying desperately to heighten the pleasure I was giving her. As she chased her orgasm, she planted both of her hands on the console, and began moaning softly. I wasn't about to stop until I knew she had cum, and my rubbing became faster as I tried to time it to her thrusts.

As I kissed her, I could taste her starting to sweat. "Oh, baby, this is going to feel so good..." I whispered as I continued to rub her. "I know you are going to cum soon, and I want you to feel so good when you do..."

As quietly as she could muster, she began to whisper, "Oh, GOD! Oh, GOD! YES! Don't stop!" That's when she took her right hand off the console and put it over mine in her pants, pressing hard against me as the first waves of her orgasm broke over her. As her pussy pulsed, I could feel her legs shaking, her knees almost buckling and giving out under her. It must have been a good one.

"Oh, Ken, that was so good..." she purred, putting both hands back on the console to support her weight. With that, I pulled my hand from inside her jeans and kissed her deeply on the neck. 

"That was a good-luck freebie for you," I said as I gave her a hug from behind. "I know your show is going to be great. I just figured you could use a little stress relief..."

As I walked to the door, she looked back over her shoulder, still trying to regain her composure. "You really know how to treat a lady..." she whispered. I smiled and let her get back to work.

Needless to say, the show was a success...