 My name is Dave, I recently I went on holiday to Cyprus with my partner Gayle where we own a holiday villa. I am in my sixties and Gayle is a little bit younger in her fifties. Gayle thought it would be lovely to invite her niece Sarah, a single mum of two to stay with us. Sarah is a beautiful, tight-bodied blonde in her early thirties with bright blue eyes you could honestly drown in! 

On the first morning of Sarah's stay, she came outside to have breakfast dressed in a robe which was open showing her beautiful toned body and tight fitting bikini. I couldn't help but stare as she looked so sexy! I felt a bit awkward and the conversation felt awkward too, this situation continued for a couple of days and I thought the holiday was going to be a wash out! 

On the fourth day, Gayle who is a keen photographer said she wanted to take the opportunity to take some scenic photos and left mid morning. Sarah had been at a local club in Paphos the night before and was slow to rise. As I went back indoors to refresh my drink I noticed the door to the bathroom open where Sarah was walking back and forth about to get her morning wash. I felt my heart racing and a bit dirty, but concealed myself in one of the alcoves outside the bathroom doorway. Sarah began the usual brushing her teeth etc and I thought my luck was out and I was beginning to question myself and about to move away, then Sarah suddenly opened her white robe revealing first her lovely firm tits and as the robe hit the floor, she turned slightly so I could see her neatly trimmed blonde bush and pussy slot! 

I watched for the next few minutes as Sarah soap and shower herself, her skin shiny and moist as she slowly rubbed herself down, the water running down her tits and body started getting me really horny. She finished her wash and started to put on a beautiful summer dress and while she turned away, I took the opportunity to make my get away unnoticed, having had my little thrill. 

Back on the veranda where I was sipping my orange juice, Sarah made her way out in that sexy, skimpy summer dress to sit at the table with me and I thought my god this is really going to be awkward having seen her stripped off. Sarah took a few more sips of her drink, smiling as she did so, then eventually said: 

"Did you enjoy the show...?" I looked at her puzzled, then she smiled again and said: "My wet tits and cunt...did you enjoy them, I tried to give you a good view?" 

My heart started pounding harder than before and I couldn't speak, I actually felt light headed and thought I'm either going to pass out or have a heart attack. Sarah gave a hearty and dirty laugh and stood up at the round, glass-topped table. She lifted one leg and placed her knee onto the table top. She then took my hand and placed it on her silky thigh and started to guide it in stroking motions up and down her thigh higher and higher lifting up the edge of her short dress as she did so. As she learnt back further on the table her dress remained further up her legs and I could see her hip appearing. Sarah looked at me biting her lip, then slip my hand across under her dress. My god I could feel that trimmed bush I saw earlier! She then moved my hand down further to her pussylips and rubbed by fingers against them till I felt her become really wet. I knew then that the fantasies I'd had about Sarah for some time we're about to become reality and I knew it was my time to stand up and take charge. 

I left my seat and lifted Sarah fully on top of the table and she lifted her flowery summer dress off over her head and threw it aside. I frantically slid my shorts and pants to the floor in one motion and my hard, enlarged cock sprung upwards as I did so...I had never seen it so big for years, it looked like it had been on steroids! I spread Sarah's legs and made my first penetrating thrust into her and I heard her gasp then a "Yes...fuck me hard!" 

I slid my cock in and out of Sarah over and over as hard as I could muster, each time she moaned louder. There were other neighbour's villas nearby as we fucked outside, but we didn't care who was watching it just added to the danger as I banged her outside overlooking those villas and stunning scenery. I announced I was about to cum and motioned to pull out but Sarah grabbed my arse and pulled me deep inside her and moaned as I felt wave after wave of my cum shoot inside her...this was the most amazing feeling ever! 

After we cleaned up, Gayle came back from her photoshoot looking pleased and said "I hope you two had fun? Sarah and I smiled back and said "Oh Yeah!" During the next week of Sarah's stay, I visited her room during the night for a bit fun when Gayle was asleep, one night for a bit of extra danger we went naked to the sitting room together and I banged Sarah hard on both the sofa and coffee table...best holiday ever! 

I was sad on my return to the UK that I'd had this amazing sex with Sarah and it would be over after the holiday ended as I live near Staffordshire and Sarah in Newcastle. 

Back home, I was feeling board as after my recent retirement, I usually while away the hours watching porn as Gayle is away on location shoots a lot, when I text came through from Sarah. She was just sitting there with her tits out holding her pussy open, with the message "Anytime!" needlessly to say when Gayle's away now, I'm straight in my car and drive up north to fuck Sarah whenever I get the chance! Sometimes your wildest dreams do come true and you can have it all!