 I push her up against the door frame as we kiss. One hand grips a handful of her hair, pulling her head back, the other slides up her leg under her skirt grasping a handful of her rear. Sarah lifts that leg and wraps it around me pushing her pelvis against mine. She kisses me back hard, her tongue fighting against mine, and nibbles at my lips when we separate.

"That's it," she hisses at me, grabbing my bum with both hands and pushing my crotch against her, "stop being so damn polite and take what you want!"

I tug on her hair and am rewarded with a delighted squeal. Stepping away from her I lightly grasp the back of Sarah's neck and lead her toward my small dining table. She looks up at me as we move with a faux look of innocence on her face. After a few steps we bump against the table edge and Sarah leans in for another kiss. I step back and use her momentum to push her down to the table face first. She stops herself by resting both hands on the table surface but stays bent over it looking back at me mischievously.

I step behind her and reach over to pull one of her arms and then the other around her back and hold them there together with my left hand. Sarah is now pinned face down on the table forming a perfect right angle. She squirms and wriggles playfully and her bum moves in small, encouraging, circles. I bring my free hand down hard on her ass cheek, causing a muffled sounding slap against her dress fabric. 

"Fuck!" Sarah cries out, just before I spank her again. The second strike generates a bark of pleasure from her.

After the second slap I grip her dress and pull it upward, moving with clumsy urgency. Her small black thong is revealed, its plain and simple and seems glued to the flesh of her bum. It frames her two cheeks perfectly, two round fleshy mounds soft and smooth to the touch, and I can't help but marvel at them. I roughly grab a handful of the slap reddened cheek and push it outward revealing a glimpse of Sarah's labia.

Suddenly I'm completely out of control. My cock aches for release and my breathing is quick and ragged. My balls ache, desperate for release, so I grab the thin elasticated band at the top of Sarah's panties and pull down, roughly maneuvering them off her pelvis and down to her knees where I abandon them and set to work undoing my fly and freeing my cock.

Sarah has raised herself up on her toes and arched her back, presenting herself to me. Her sex is hot pink against her tanned flesh and glistens with her excitement. As soon as it is free I guide my penis up to her and push the tip against her opening. My hand quickly moves up to join the other grasping her wrists as I slam myself into her. I use my grip on her arms for leverage and push myself in as far as I can, my balls slapping against her. 

"Yes!" Sarah screams in an almighty roar which she repeats as I slide partly out and slam in again with similar force.

Her pussy is hot, wet and tight about my cock and I begin to fuck her with wild abandon, my thrusts slow and regular but powerful and deep. Every time I slam into her Sarah yelps encouragingly.

"Ah, yes, come on!" Gasping each word in time to my thrusting, "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!"

I'm dumbfounded that this beautiful young woman is so eager for me to take her so roughly, the harder I take her the louder and more forceful her encouragement becomes. All my frustration from the day boils up as I fuck Sarah more vigorously.

"Oh you like it hard huh!" I growl between thrusts getting into the swing of my role. I begin trying to summon up better dirty talk. "Fine, you asked for it!"

I let go of Sarahs arms and grab tight hold of her hips pulling her back from the table slightly. With my feet I kick her legs apart holding them in position as best I can with my knees and feet. I then begin to slam my member into her as hard as I can, pulling her hips toward me with each thrust. My pace is slow and deliberate, sliding out slowly as far as I dare so barely the tip stays inside her before surging forward.

With each trust I attempt to alter the angle by which I enter her, and each thrust generates a new delighted scream from Sarah as I search for her preferred pressure points. Before long she's losing patience with my pace;

"Oh my God! Stop teasing me, if I don't come soon I may explode," Sarah grips the edge of the dining table and begins to push herself backward into my thrust, forcing a quicker pace.

I move to reassert my control by pushing Sarah forward so once again she's pinned to the table and I grab her arms wrestling them back behind her back. This time however I hold them in place with just my left hand as my right darts forward and grabs a handful of her sleek brown hair. I pull it back and down slowly, forcing Sarahs head back.

Sarah speaks through gritted teeth, "Oh, your loving this now aren't you. Taking my hot little body anyway you want." 

I begin trusting into Sarah with quick short thrusts. Her breathing becomes just as ragged and quick as my own as we both charge toward our onrushing orgasms.

Sarah starts to exhale loudly with each thrust making a delicious moaning noise. She continues to try and talk but her words are cut off by her own gasps and moans. I'm beginning to sound like some kind of rutting animal, guttural growls coming with every thrust. My pace quickens as we both feel our orgasms rising, we both begin to grunt, moan, shout and curse louder and louder to a crescendo.

I feel Sarah's sex clamp tight around me as she comes, her shouts and moans degenerate into one long growling exhale as she twitches and squirms beneath me. At the same time my own orgasm thunders toward my crotch, my whole body tightens as it surges into Sarah. I release Sarahs hair and arms and have once again gripped her hips desperately holding myself inside her as the rest of my body fights to remain upright. 

The frustration and anger I'd felt through the day vanish in an instant and all I feel is the warmth of my orgasm and the heat of Sarahs sex around my dick. I start to laugh with joy, breathless chuckles as I fight to regain control of my breathing. Sarah joins in, her giggles coming between twitching spasms that shake her whole body and cause her to tighten around my rapidly deflating member.

I slide out of her and collapse against the table, exhausted.

"My word, you are sensational," I gasp, "you have no idea how much I needed that!"

Sarah chuckles and stands, "of course I knew! That's why I picked you out tonight, knew you'd have that in you," she winks down at me. "Now if you don't mind I would like a shower, bathroom?" She inquires with raised eyebrows.

I point toward the hall mouth hanging open, totally entranced by her, "Far right door in hallway."

She smiles and heads off, but quickly pokes her head back around the door way, "I'm not done with you yet by the way Pete, I have high hopes for you this evening based on your performance so far," she disappears from view as she heads down the corridor but shouts back, "You've had your fun, next time its Ladies choice!"

I collapse into a heap, a huge smile on my face. What was I mad about again?