 He startled me. Bursting through my door, hair wet, jumper soaked to the contours of his body. The smoky grey of his eyes were enhanced by his flushed cheeks, and his lips had never looked more kissable.

And I just didn't care.

The knowledge kind of scared me, how much I couldn't be bothered wanting him. I'd spent the last 5 years of my life lusting after him, doing my best to hide it from him, and all of a sudden -- it was meaningless.

***

The night Ethan had made his move still played on my mind. It had only been a week ago, but it felt as though it had just happened.

We had bumped each other awkwardly in the kitchen as we sorted out our breakfast; Sarah out at work and Marcus still sleeping off the effects of the alcohol from the night before. My head ducked, I reached into the pantry, looking for the honey for my toast. I had whispered 'good morning' to him as he joined me, bleary-eyed, in search of food. He grunted in response, his usual greeting to me. He had never been a morning person.

I bent down, searching for the condiment. It was frustrating me that I couldn't find it -- it seemed I lived at Sarah's more than my own house, and I had assumed that I would know where everything was. I had clearly forgotten how tight my shorts were, forgoing underwear for the comfort of sleep. 

Ethan groaned loudly behind me, and I heard the cereal container thud on top of the counter.

Triumphant, I stood up straight, holding the jar of honey in my left hand. Closing the pantry door, I took a step forward towards my plate.

Ethan pushed me back, slamming me against the pantry door. I gasped in shock, staring at his dark eyes a second before his mouth claimed mine. Kissing me thoroughly, I melted into his arms as he held me against the door with his body.

I had always loved stronger, taller, more muscular men, and Ethan didn't disappoint. His coffee coloured skin contrasted against mine as I slid my hands up his shirt, dropping the honey in return to touch him. His hands moved with mine, one to move up my shirt to cup my breast in his hand, and the other to grab the hair above the nape of my neck.

Pulling my hair hard enough that my head hit back against the door, he took his lips off mine. I tried to follow, ignoring the pain in my head from his hand controlling my hair until it hurt too much.

"Good morning," he whispered, kissing me sweetly, a contrast to the hand holding me back firmly.

"Hey," I stroked his chest in response.

My hands went lower and lower, until they touched the waistband of his shorts. I laughed into the kiss, and he moved his lips down my jaw.

"What's so funny?" He asked, stubble teasing my skin.

"Christian girl, my ass," I answered, laughing again. He looked at me, eyes staring deep into mine, and laughed as well. It had been a joke between me and him for a while -- I would enjoy going to church, but he knew that I loved my 'extra-curricular activities' too.

"Come here," he said, pulling me by the hand. He stopped me against the dining table, and kissed me hard again. My hands rose to play against his neck, deepening the kiss.

"Let's get these off you," he said, drawing down my shorts as I stood before him. My shirt bunched up around my waist, Ethan pushed me down until I lay on the table before him. Staring at the ceiling, I tried to lift my head up so that I could see what he was doing.

All that I could see was the dark top of his head, almost hidden between my thighs. I had never been a skinny girl, hence why I tended to be attracted to bigger, taller men -- ones who could make me feel feminine. So naturally, I felt nervous as his hands began to grab at my ass, and tried to move away.

He didn't allow me to move, instead moved my legs so that they were resting on his shoulders.

Moving his head between my legs, I squealed as I felt his tongue flick against my clit.

"Shh!" He whispered against my skin, his warm breath teasing me with the absence of his tongue. I stuck my index finger into my mouth and sucked on it in an attempt to stay quiet, to try to ignore the urge to announce to everyone the pleasure I was receiving. His tongue continued to attack me, tasting my wetness and spearing my depths.

I reached up with my other hand, stretching down my shirt so that I could pinch my nipples. I could tell when Ethan knew what I was doing, as his smoky laugh vibrated against my thighs and his hands tightened against my ass, almost painful. I pinched my nipple harder and bit down firmer, loving how the pain made the pleasure more surreal.

Standing up, Ethan helped me into a sitting position, and kissed me firmly again. I could taste myself on his lips and tongue, and licked at his lips, trying to taste more.

When I was younger, I had become more involved with another girl, a good friend. I had learnt that I liked the taste, the touch, the intricacies of women, as well as men. To taste myself on Ethan's lips turned me on more, and he could tell.

I stood up so he wasn't leaning down to kiss me, and gently pushed him back into a chair. Kneeling between his legs, I grabbed his cock and started to move my fist up and down.

Clearly eager for something more, Ethan grabbed my hair and pushed me down onto his cock. Willingly, I took him into my mouth, sucking him as I looked up at him.

Gazing down at me with heavy-lidded eyes, he smiled at me, encouraging me to continue. I did, bumping my head against his stomach, my arms resting on his thighs as I bobbed up and down.

Pulling my shirt up over my head, he threw it onto the floor beside me.

"I want you on all fours." He said, glancing around to make sure the doors were closed. I obeyed, stretching my legs back until I could arch my back, showing off my ass.

"Turn the other way for me," he commanded. Obeying him, I heard his moan as he saw my naked ass for the first time

I felt his thick finger probing at my pussy, and I jumped a little as he pushed it into me. Moaning at his touch, I pushed back against him, wanting more. Ethan started to finger me, one finger feeling huge in me.

I hadn't had sex in a few months, and was really starting to miss it. My ex had left me for his ex several states over, and I knew that he wasn't the biggest -- but it's about how you use the tools you're given, right? Not -- I figured that out as Ethan's finger invaded my innermost space. No, I came to the conclusion quickly that I had missed a decent sized fucking, to put it crudely.

Fingering me deeply, Ethan pulled my hair with his spare hand, stretching my neck back almost to the point of pain. I moaned and submitted deeper to his dominance, stretching myself back deeper into his hold, allowing myself to feel the line blurring between pain and pleasure.

"Let me in," he begged me, pushing against me harder. His thumb reached for my clit and started to stimulate it, sending me further towards my orgasm.

I shook my head, not sure if I was ready for it. He really was much bigger than I'd ever had before, and I was a little scared.

"Please? I'll just put it in, and take it out -- you could lick me clean of all your juices." He whispered in my ear, the deep rumble of his voice vibrating through my neck before he bit it firmly.

He must have known it was one of the things that always turned me on -- to taste myself on the cock that's just pounded me to submission.

Sighing into his hand, I groaned as he added a second, pressing his thumb harder against my clit.

"Please, baby?" He whispered into my ear.

"Oh fuck please!" I ended up crying out, pushing back into his hand harder.

He withdrew his fingers, much to my dislike, and flipped me over onto my back, using his strength against me. Lining himself up with me, he held himself above me with his elbows, bowing his head to meet his lips to mine.

He slid himself along me, so I could feel his length. Arching up against him, I tangled my fingers in his short hair and held his lips against mine. Lowering my hand, I pulled him hard against me, collapsing his weight onto me. His hardness brushed against me, resting between my folds.

I grabbed him firmly and rubbed it against my opening. He grunted and pushed himself forward, his tip entering me.

He was splitting me open, I was so unused to anyone his size. He continued to push into me, finally falling against me, our bodies meeting fully.

And then he withdrew.

Picking up the pace, he started to thrust against me, meeting my hips with his own animalistic sounds. I started giggling, pulling his head down from where he'd thrown it back in passion to meet my lips again.

"Sssh! Everyone's still sleeping!" I laughed into his mouth.

He only started to move with me faster, shifting his hips slightly until it felt that he was deeper than before. I bit down on his bottom lip to keep from screaming in pleasure, and he laughed and bit me back.

Squirming under him, I came for him, arching my chest until my nipples brushed against him.

"Oh fuck! I can feel you cumming around me! Shit baby, that feels so good!" He dropped his head to my neck, biting the sensitive place under my ear and thrusting against me hurriedly.

"Cum for me honey!" I encouraged him, my nails biting into his back as I came down from my orgasm.

"Oh, shit, I'm cumming. Fuck! Oh god, Claudia!" He pulled out, and started jerking off, staring into my eyes.

I could see his orgasm coming, rolling through his body, his muscles tensing before I felt it, warm and pulsing on my stomach and chest.

He kept cumming, more than I'd ever seen before. Spent, he rolled next to me, his head falling on my shoulder. I turned my head and kissed his temple, before laying still next to him.

Suddenly, we heard noises from his room -- Marcus was getting up.

Struck with a fit of giggles, we jumped up, finding the paper towels and towelling ourselves off. I teased him, licking his half-hard cock before he grabbed his pants and tucked himself away. He teased me back, sucking on my nipples as I raised my arms to put my shirt back on.

Bleary eyed, Marcus stumbled into the kitchen, banging around the cabinets, looking for materials for breakfast. Ethan and I were avoiding eye contact, unsure about the right way to interact.

"Man -- smells in here, hey."

Ethan started laughing hard, and I had to fake coughing to hide my smile.

"Yeah, sorry bro. I went for a run, and only just got back."

***

Ethan and I had successfully hidden our relationship for a week from our friends. Sarah and Marcus seemed to have no idea, and we laughed at their ignorance.

But seeing Marcus at my front door shocked me. I laughed at myself, wondering how I'd ever thought I could lust after him.

"I was wondering... you've changed, Claudia. Would you ever be interested in, maybe, going out with me?"

Smiling, I stepped forward, and hugged him, before stepping back again.

"Marcus, you know I've liked you since forever." He ducked his head, acknowledging my statement.

"But I've found someone else, and he's better for me. Good luck," I kissed him on the cheek, and held open the door for him. 

Stammering, he stepped outside, clearly wondering what had just happened.

I ran inside, searching for my phone. Finding it, I grabbed it off my bed, I typed in a text.

"Hey, wanna hang out soon?"