 Sarah was a tall, attractive, young woman in her early twenties. She began working with me as a hotel receptionist two weeks earlier. We hadn't had much time to get to know one another before being thrust onto the graveyard shift to help handle the extra business of an out of state convention in town. Being the only two employees in the hotel and not knowing much about how I would be to get a long with, she nervously began making small talk with me sitting atop a wooden barstool at the second computer of the reception desk. 

"So how do you like working at the hotel?" She posed with a sly smile, already knowing the diplomatic answer that was to come. 

"It's ok. Nothing much one could call a life of excitement. I think we're mainly here for the night audit and to be sure that no one steals anything" I jested. "For the most part, I just stay on the computer checking emails and myspace."

She smiled back, acknowledging relief knowing that I would be friendly. She was still very nervous from learning all the new tasks, new people, and the new town. She had originally lived in Missouri and worked odds and ends jobs through her late teens. But being an army brat she now called North Georgia home. She seemed out of place. This was not a far cry from the truth. She spoke with a Midwestern accent, and her age was betrayed by her innocent personality, freckles, and sweet smile. 

"I think I'm going to make my rounds along the second floor," I stated. "I'll be gone for a few minutes. Just let me know on the two-way radio if you need any help while I'm gone." She nodded affirmation. And I walked off for my nightly check of the perimeter. 

I thought about a lot of things as I walked the empty halls. Sarah seemed to keep coming back to mind: her skin glowed and she radiated a light, natural beauty. She had piercing blue eyes, hiding behind her brown hair and freckles, and she had a smile to match. Her curves mesmerized you as she walked; her full hips shook from side to side in a symphony of flattering motion, and, although hidden by a tucked in blouse, you could see that she wore no bra. Her breasts jiggled lightly under her shirt when she perked up to smile. I could tell she would be someone that I would like to get to know better. Strictly work, of course.... The chirp of the two-way radio broke my trance. 

"Hey, it's Sarah. I was making back-up copies of our guest list forms to keep from falling asleep, and I think I jammed the copier up pretty bad. Can you come help?" 

"Sure," I said. Very glad to return.

When I walked into the back office at the copier. The place was a mess. She had strewn papers all along the floor in her epic fight with the machine. To my delight, she was on her knees in the floor pointing away from me. Face down, ass up, her back was arched, displaying, pedestal-like, her luscious round rump.

"Here, let me help you with those." I said as I knelt down behind her, reaching alongside her arm inside the guts of the copy machine to unjam whatever she had grasped. I could smell her perfume. She wore a sweet, candy-like fragrance. 

Yanking at the paper, Sarah thrust her body back abruptly, nestling for an all-too-short moment, her wonderful rear in my crotch. 

"Sorry," she said with a blushing smile. 

"No worries," I grinned.

What I didn't say was that my dick was growing increasingly hard as I inadvertently rubbed my body along hers. For a moment, as I repositioned myself to help give her leverage and peer into the underside of the machine, my face came close to her lovely butt. As I breathed in, I couldn't help but smell her lovely woman musk emanating from her bottom. Needless to say, my cock was rock hard. She had such a pleasant musk. Not sweaty, not stout, but a pleasant somewhere-in-between. I could only imagine planting my face between her legs, rubbing my cheeks along the soft underside of her pants, gliding my nose along the seam of her black work trousers to the promise land of her crotch, gently mouthing her fleshy mons through her pants and panties. Then I did the unthinkable. I realized that my hand had begun to wander along her inner thigh. 

"What are you doing?!" she jumped with a startle. 

"Oh my god. I'm so sorry, Sarah. I don't know what I was thinking," I said with an expression of boundless horror. 

"It's ok," she said, "we're both adults." "Besides..." she spoke softer, "I kind of liked it." 

"Wow," I thought. "Was this really happening?" 

"I'll let you keep doing it for a minute if you want. It felt really nice," she said in an innocent voice. Suddenly her expression changed to self-disgust and surprise, "But you don't have to if you don't want of course," she said, shaking her head. 

"It's ok. I'll keep going. I was enjoying it," I reassured. 

I slowly replaced my hand on her thigh and gently rubbed up from above the back of her knee to caress the dip in between her legs and buttocks. The warmth of her womanhood radiated through her pants and into my fingers as I rubbed my hand back and forth caressing her thighs. She let out a low moan: not of pleasure, but of yearning. A deep glance was cast from her soft eyes that said both please and no, but her primal instinct won. Sarah's doe-like eyes suddenly changed to something more savage as she grabbed my arm and pulled me close to her. She slid her hand behind my head and pressed her lips deeply into mine. This sweet, innocent young woman had unveiled a devilishly sexual hidden self. Frantically unbuttoning her pants, she slid them down below her ankles, leaving behind her silky purple panties halfway around her knees. Taking the lead, I grabbed her legs and lifted them at the knees exposing a soft golden brown patch of fur between her thighs, sitting softly atop the thin, fleshy lips of her labia. By now lust had overcome my senses. Manhandling her, I pressed her knees farther back to her chest, bending down to plant my face against her hidden flesh. The soft, supple skin of her inner thighs beckoned me on as my cheeks rubbed back and forth against them as I took the entirety of her pussy into my mouth. She tasted wonderful. She let out low moans of pleasure as I ran my tongue along each fold of her womanhood, lightly sucking at each vulva lip. I slid a finger insider her and explored her gooey insides, frequently removing it to rub her lubrication alongside the length of each lip. She was becoming impatient. She struggled to press my face deeper inside her. Recognizing her needs, I dipped my tongue in and out of her pussy, fucking her with its soft fleshy pulp. Sarah squirmed under its pressure, squeezing my head between her legs harder. With each thrust of my tongue, her body jerked in ecstasy. 

"Suck me. Mmmmm...," She moaned. "Does it taste good?" 

Looking up from her pussy, I let out an "Um hum," muffled by her meaty vulva.

I gently worked a finger into her asshole. She pressed her ass against my hand, acknowledging that it pleased her. She began pulling her blouse open to expose her breasts. She pleasured each handful with her fingers, while I stayed on task, licking between each fold of her vagina, only stopping to slide my tongue across her clit. She gasped for a moment of relief, "Let's go someplace a little more comfortable."

One of the perks of working the graveyard shift at a hotel is complete access to all of the empty rooms. That being said, Sarah pulled her pants up, stuffed her panties in her pocket and rebuttoned her shirt. We were off to a nice secluded room on the backside of the hotel. When we entered the room, Sarah immediately picked up where we left off. Sliding her hand down the front of my pants, she massaged my cock while removing her shirt. She slid down to her knees in front of me and unzipped my pants. 

"I want your cock in my mouth," she demanded. 

Pulling my dick out, she began working the tip with her tongue. Voraciously, she slid its slippery head inside her mouth again and again until she had consumed the whole of my shaft. She reached down between her legs with her free hand and began pleasuring herself inside of her pants. As she did this, I ran my hands through her hair and guided her actions of sucking my member, pressing her face farther and farther against it, grinding my balls across her chin and the head of my cock against her throat. Looking down, I could see how truly beautiful this young woman was. Sweat beaded on her forehead and mingled with the cobwebs of chestnut brown hair. Little freckles along the ridge of her nose abashedly peeked through to witness her deflowering. She peered up from her duty, making muffled sounds of pleasure as her finger probed her insides. She pulled my spit-covered cock out of her mouth. I could tell by her expression that she was ready to come. I knelt down beside her, sliding my hand alongside hers down between her legs. 

"Fuck my hand," I said, pressing my fingers between hers, to help finger her.

She grinded against our hands, rubbing her juices thoroughly into them.

"Mmmmmph," she moaned. 

When she finally orgasmed, she did not scream. She made a gutteral chirping sound each time her body was overcome by her uterine spasms. Having a particularly strong orgasm, her female ejaculate began dripping into my hand and down the insides of her legs. She collapsed into my sweaty arms. Seeing her sudden emotion, I caressed her, and she began sobbing. 

"I'm sorry," she said. "I don't mean to be like this." 

"It's ok."

"I know," she replied. "It's just that it's been so hard getting adjusted to this new place. Everything seems so strange some times. I really needed this. Thank you." 

I continued to hold Sarah, and run my hand along her hair to comfort her, pressing her face against my chest. 

With a tone of innocent inquiry she asked, "I left you out in the cold, didn't I?" she laughed a nervous laugh. 

"No," I assured her. 

"I want you to orgasm, too," she replied. "Maybe, you might like to, I dunno, "she grinned slyly, "Put your dick in my ass?" She smiled. 

"Wow," I thought again. 

Before I could answer, she climbed on top of the bed on all fours. Pulling her pants down to her ankles, she lifted her wonderous ass high into the air. I could see her juices glistening off of her pussy from the light across the room. She turned her head back toward me and wiggled her tush cutely, "Well, are you just going to stand there gawking, or are you going to do something?" 

Hesitating no longer, I climbed onto the bed behind her. As I got closer, I could smell her pussy. It brought me back to the copy room earlier. I breathed her musk in deeply. It was now stronger than earlier. It intoxicated me. Each whiff numbed my thoughts and my cock grew stiff as iron. She spread her asscheeks open and thrust her face into the sheets, exposing her now puckered asshole. I bent down to give her ass some much-needed attention. I ran my tongue in tightening circles around her rim and then thrust it inside her. She moaned. I slid a finger back inside her pussy, pressing against its wall to feel my tongue wiggle inside her anus. Sitting back up, I reached into the bedside table and opened a small pouch of courtesy Vaseline. She helped rub it onto my cock and then got back into position. I began gently rocking its tip against her asshole, slowly making headway into her puckered rear. I rocked more and more, as she began to tense up. After a little time, she relaxed and my cock was halfway in her ass. I asked if it felt ok, and she reassured me that she was enjoying it. Taking liberty, I began slamming my cock into her harder and harder, rocking faster and faster, until my shaft was electrified with nerves. She moaned and cried aloud, but I didn't hear. I was upon the precipice of orgasm, and holding it in was all I could think about. 

"Cum inside me, please, CUM INSIDE ME!" 

At this point she was yelling. Conceding, I unleashed my hot load into her lower intestines. Feeling her insides warm, she moaned and relaxed so that every last drop could go deeper inside. I collapsed onto her sweaty back, not even pulling out. 

"Oh god, that was good," I said desperately trying to gain control of my breath. I looked at her face. That natural radiant glow was even brighter. Her hair matted across her freckled face; she was huffing, and the sweat beaded down and off the tip of her nose into a small pool that was quickly absorbed by the sheets. I smiled at her beautiful condition. I lay there for another minute before casually lifting her leg and pulling my dick out. When the head popped out, cum ran out of her ass and down the back of her leg, leaving a milky trail of semen down the crevice of her butt and thigh. She rolled over alongside me, and hungrily licked the remnants of my ejaculate off of my cock. She smiled. Enjoying this beautiful moment, I held Sarah in my arms until the end of our shift. 

I hope no one came to the reception desk.