 Back in high school my I had a very close group of friends. We had only really come together at the end of high school; we were a mix of seniors, juniors, and a few graduates who already had moved on to college. When our group came together, I was one of the seniors. We began having get togethers in a friend's house at the beginning of senior year - lots of alcohol was consumed, lots of weed was smoked, and good times were had by all. 

Needless to say this group of attractive young humans had a strong need for sex. We lived in a relatively liberal mountain town, where the sex and weed were basically free. However, the group was not really used for hook ups, as you might tend to believe. Actually, it was composed of solely monogamous boyfriends, girlfriends, and a group of singles with romantic interests outside the group. There wasn't intermingling or scandals or cheating; really just a group of good kids, some of whom were involved with each-other, getting together and having a great time. Nevertheless, our outings would usually wind up with the couples making a silent retreat into the bedrooms for some fooling around while the singles stayed up talking with each-other until the sun came up. At the end of the day, it was hard for anyone to resist hot, drunken, high sex given the opportunity. That is, except for the singles, who refused to hook up with one another- it was probably a good idea too, otherwise things would get awkward. 

Now its worth noting, reader, that I was a bit of an outcast in my friend group. I was the funny guy who gave everyone a belly cramping laugh once in a while, but I wasn't really like everyone else. They were all cool, attractive, confident, and interesting people; at that time, I was a bitter, ugly, extremely sexually frustrated 18 year old virgin. I had never had a first kiss, never had a hand held, never touched or been touched. We only really hung out because we had similar interests, and I liked them a lot. I was very happy, and lucky, that they let me be their friend. 

Over the summer after graduation, I certainly spent a lot of time with this group. The juniors became seniors and the seniors got ready for college. We partied and hung out basically every other day. This story takes place during one of the last times we would hang out before we all left for college. 

A flurry of texts were exchanged in the days coming to plan out a party (or kickback, morelike) extravaganza at a house. One of our friends, Mikayla, volunteered her house to host the get-together. Mikayla was one of my best friend's long term girlfriend: a short, brown skinned Southern-European 19 year old with a cute body and smile. She isn't quite what I would consider "hot" conventionally, but she still had the ability to get my blood going on occasion. She had a little bit of extra fat on her tummy, but she had silky smooth beige skin and luscious black hair that, when coupled with her innocent little smile, really could do it for me. She just gave off an aura of cuteness, and I took notice of her best features when I was particularly pent up (most days, mind you): her genuine smile when I made her laugh, or her steady breath when she slept peacefully. When she leaned over in certain ways I'm not ashamed to say I glared at her healthy ass. She was the subject of many of my late night fantasies. I distinctly remember many occasions imagining my hands clenching her hips as my cock slid in and out of her golden brown body, in reality frantically stroking my desperate member until I emptied my balls into the nearest napkin. 

Anyway, the time came when nearly everyone arrived to Mikayla's house. I arrived to the sight of everyone inside. There was the usual solid group of 10, plus one of our good friends who was on break from college the year before, Grant. We all stood around talking for a good 20 minutes, laughing and making conversation as usual. Inevitably the topic turned to who would get the booze for the night. 

"Alright then, who is going to get the drank tonight?" asked Archie, who had been my good friend for about as long as I can remember. Nobody immediately responded, since none of us had a fake ID, and all of us were under 21. 

"Gabi, isn't your older sister in town?" asked Celeste, Archie's long time girlfriend. Gabi was a long time acquaintance of Archie's, and her older sister was known to hook up the drink when the time came around. 

"No, she's out with friends in the city," responded Gabi. "Anyone else got an alch hookup?" 

The question was met with blank stares. 

"Okay, lets just go shoulder tap. Who's tryna roll out?" Grant surveyed. 

"Yeah, I'm down." 

"I'll drive!" 

"Damn it, I hate when this happens! I hate shoulder tapping bums, they always ask for a big tip! Assholes." 

Most everyone seemed pretty excited about getting the drinks. The two brash new seniors led the way, followed by the others. I wanted to stay behind and maybe catch a nap while they were gone; Mikayla wanted to stay and clean up anything that could be broken around the house before the actual kickback started; to my surprise, Celeste and Gabi stayed behind too, apparently just to talk in private. The booze-copping group made their way out to the cars and sped off to town to do their business. 

The house got quieter as the sound of car engines faded away. We all chatted for a while, sitting at Mikayla's breakfast bar in the kitchen. 

"Those pictures you Instagrammed of us at the pool last week were so funny, Tim!" Celeste exclaimed, referring to when me, Archie, Mikayla, and herself went to the community pool a week ago. Someone took the group photo of us four making silly faces and posing awkwardly, and I posted it. 

"Who even took that?" 

"Haha, I can't remember. but thank you!" I replied. 

"Why didn't you all invite me?" asked Gabi, giggling, as we looked at the pictures on Mikayla's phone. "I love the pool!" 

"Gabi, you just like showing your ass off to all the guys there. I catch them staring at you all the time, and you know it too," Mikayla playfully pointed out. 

Gabi returned a coy smile as she walked over, confidently cocking her hips with every step. 

Gabi was one of the single 19 year old females in our group, but of course she had no interest in me. She was far too cool. She was a 5'9", thiny built white girl with light brown hair who just oozed confidence and fun. I had a lingering attraction to Gabi, due to her attractive feminine face and shapely, although a bit skinny, figure. I would be lying if I said I had never rubbed myself to thoughts (and all too revealing social media pictures) of Gabi. From what I had heard, Gabi was even sexier to many of our other friends, she just never really did the trick for me the way other girls did. I couldn't deny that I had copped a stare or two of her tonight, dressed in sweatpants that hugged her legs and a tank top strung across her chest. 

The girl's conversation continued on, and I stopped paying attention to the specifics. 

"Oh you know it! I like making them watch." 

"You look so darn hot in that picture though! Gosh girl look at that fire body!"... 

I made my way around the counter and got a drink of water. When looked back I saw Celeste enthusiastically leaning over the counter to look at the pictures on Mikayla's phone. Oh, now let me tell you about Celeste... 

I had a crush on Celeste since sophomore year of high school, and since she's turned 18 she's only become unbelievably hotter. Standing about 5'5" and 140lb, she has a thick and muscular natural hourglass build. Her brown black hair drapes down on either side of her heavily freckled, nearly pale white face. Her big, dreamy green eyes captivate your attention. Her delicate jawline and soft lips accent the contours of her precious nose and chin. Her arms and shoulders are strong and ever so slightly muscular, as is her back. Her breasts are handfuls of firm yet soft skin, and she usually wore her outfits with a subtle hint at the perkiness of those heavenly mounds and a shadow of healthy cleavage in between. 34B, 36C, who knew? All I knew is that they were fabulous. 

Her body winds down to an exquisitely small waist coupled with wide, fertile hips. The slow rounding of her hips is accented by the supple lines of her obliques, and her firm tummy is thinly covered in a thin, sexy layer of womanly fat. Her hips narrow down to her groin, where her perfect little pussy lay, positioned at the edge of a delicious mound. When she wore certain pants, her little sex was especially visible, causing the free volume in my pants to suspiciously decrease. 

Oh, and dear god reader, her ass! Rock hard muscle underneath an almost imperceptible layer of sexy fat, it was a perfect heart shape which tapered down to her powerful legs and shapely calves. Her ass sat on her end like a hand fits in a glove: a perfect fit, starting at her tight waist, and ending where her legs seductively came up to meet smooth round perfection. I would have cut my arm off for the opportunity to run my hands over those legs and and that butt. Her ass was truly unbelievable, but she kept it humbly covered up with loose pants or skirts. Believe me, I would not be going into such detail if every minutia of her body was not the subject of many hours of my undivided attention. When the guys of our group occasionally rated our female friend's bodies, Celeste was casually ranked a 7/10. She was a perfect 10 to me, but I'd never let them know that. 

I had masturbated so, so many times to Celeste. Almost every night I would dream of a new scenario where I would wind up penetrating her perfect pussy, causing her to moan my name and me to moan hers. In a heavy sweat, I'd scroll though my memory bank for scraps of fantasy material: a curve here, a shadow there, and would nervously lower my boxers to satisfy myself. As I progressed in my imagined stories, she would ride me harder and harder, and my hand would stroke faster and faster, the energy building in my body, until I exploded into her, and into a tissue, and faded off to sleep cuddling next to her, and filled with thoughts of cuddling with her. 

However, I hadn't ever had a relationship, or even shared a kiss with Celeste. She had a personality that I really liked, but Archie had gotten to her before I knew her very well. She was a funny, interesting, adventurous little character. Now I wasn't particularly bitter about missing out on Celeste, but my God did I want her sometimes. It was difficult because we were such good platonic friends, but her sexiness overwhelmed me. Nobody in the group but myself ever caught onto this little tidbit, so I suffered in silence. Every time I saw her was an arousing yet frustrating encounter, since I knew I would most likely never know her soft caress, nor hear her satisfied moans, nor be allowed to touch her in her most intimate parts. 

I did spend quite a lot of time with Archie and Celeste though, so I had accumulated my fair share of items in the spank bank. She had a habit of wearing tight yoga pants, which really accentuated the muted triangle shape her mound made as well as the entire rear end of her body. I wound up taking surreptitious voyeur pictures of her in her yoga pants for later masturbation material while she was bent over or otherwise distracted. Even a picture with sight of a single ass curve or hip was enough to have me on the edge of spurting in less than a minute of manual stimulation; luckily, I wound up getting entire cleavage shots, ass silhouettes, and even once the delicate outline of her sweet sex - as a result I often found myself clenching my cock, the dark red head swollen and ready to explode, trying with all my might to delay my orgasm. Although I was a virgin, I was determined not to prematurely ejaculate whenever my first time happened - I treated my masturbation sessions more or less as 'simulations' - but every time I looked back at the picture I had of her, I couldn't contain myself: my balls jumped up and my seed spilled. 

I would dream, 

How does her skin feel? What does she smell like when she's turned on? How would her sweet nipples look, and taste? 

Multiple times we took trips to the pool where I was humble witness to the goddess stripping off her pants and shirt and revealing her body in a tight bikini. Her perky white breasts were daintily squeezed up by her top, and her body guided that form-hugging bikini bottom around her wide hips, glorious asscheeks, and the hot little center of attention between her legs. The black fabric of that bikini top stretched so finely over her breasts that it almost made me forget the blazing sexual heat given off by her hips and the contents between them. She was very careful to keep the most intimate bits covered up from the public, but there are a few instances burned into my memory where she readjusted her top or bottom and I was lucky enough to see a jiggle or curve which I had not seen before. One time, I remember, her bikini bottom slipped from her tight ass only by an inch or two, but just enough to reveal the beginning of her crack. She took two steps before realizing it, but I was granted a mere second's view of her round ass powerfully jiggling from side to side as she walked. I suddenly needed an excuse to go to the bathroom, where I proceeded to silently masturbate to one massive ejaculation after another, until my balls were empty and my penis chaffed and bleeding from the friction. 

And then, of course, a time I will never forget is when we all went skinny dipping. Archie had suggested we all go for a midnight nude dip in the lake, and we, as young, generally attractive people, thought it was a great idea, especially since we all secretly wanted to see each-other naked, if even just for a second. She was one of the last ones to take her clothes off under the (unfortunately) moonless night glow. She stripped and entered the water from behind the safety of a rock with Archie. I had to pretend, the entire time, that I wasn't gazing at her with unbroken interest, desperately looking for the light from the stars to cast down onto a sliver of her delicious body. She stayed underwater out of embarrassment, like most everyone did, but that didn't prevent me from attempting a glance or two while submerged, to no avail. I was satisfied with seeing her bare shoulder and back - my cock was as hard as it has ever been, despite being in ice cold water. When she got out of the water underneath the shadows to hide her figure and laid down on a tall rock to dry off, I knew I had hit the jackpot. I just needed to look like I wasn't studying for a test on her anatomy, and I'd be able to see this heavenly beauty naked, with no one the wiser! I waited until my raging boner subsided before I crawled out of the water, the rest of the group was too far away to make out any details. I quietly slithered up on the rock next to her, and to my delight, the stars shown down on her big muscular ass with all the brightness they could. It was dark, but I could still make out the basic shapes of her body. The shadows of her awesome cheeks blacked out the delicate pussy lips I had intended to see, but her ass was simply enough to cause my cock to come to immediate rock hardness. She rolled over, just to brush her leg off (while cutely trying to keep herself covered from anyone watching), which revealed just a fraction of her magnificent breasts in murky starlight grayscale. The curves, the nipples, the areolas, oh my! True sex desire possessed me, even if my view was a little dark to make out all the details. I felt my cock clenching in excitement. I glanced down to her ass again to the sight of what I believe was a sliver (for only a fraction of a second) of the most magnificent vagina the world has ever been graced with. I thought to myself, 

Why couldn't the moon be out tonight? Why am I not allowed to take in the whole beauty of Celeste in full detail? Why! Why! Why! 

I accidentally rolled off the rock as I felt an unexpected excitement filling my groin area. I was surprised when I looked down to find my balls squeezing with all their might at their most retracted position. My veins were throbbing and my head was bulging. Without even stroking my cock a single time, I glanced up again at Celeste to the familiar ecstasy of cumming, except this time the fantasy was almost too real. Her most intimate, private sexual parts were no longer an amorphous fantasy in my imagination, they were real presented before me in the starlight. My dick contracted with all it's might, desperately bobbing to a fro as ropes of my white cum splattered on the rocks below, just hoping it would someday taste Celeste's body. To my horror, she was alerted by my muffled vocalizations as I came, but she could only see my face as she looked in my direction. I gave her a silent forced smile and wave, trying to ignore the fact that my deprived cock had begun a second wave of intense convulsions when I saw her face. 

Sometimes I wondered at the absolute euphoria Archie must experience when she seduces him. How she shows her innocent female affection towards him; the privilege of being granted the right to touch her body; and of course, the soul-merging sexual interaction which made young love so hot! It was a fantasy of pleasure proportions I couldn't even fathom. All I could do was wonder. And fantasize. And furiously, furiously masturbate. 

I snapped back to attention to prevent myself from glaring at Celeste for too long, now that I noticed I was glaring directly at her chest. 

Wow. I am such a creep. No wonder I'm still a virgin. 

Mikayla shot me a dirty look, although neither Celeste nor Gabi noticed. But I had only slept about 4 hours the night before, and I was tired, so I decided on a spontaneous nap to pass the time until Grant returned with the crew. I said my goodbyes and went to the couch. I overheard bits of conversation as I went to sleep. 

..."I heard Grant's college's soccer team is going to be NCAA champs this year!" 

"That's bull. Did Grant tell you that? He's always lying about that sort of thing"... 

..."Mikayla, do you have any dank in your house? Like I lowkey wanna get high." 

"Yeah just lemme check my little stash. Haha I keep everything in here"... 

"Holy shit! I forgot I kept two bottles of JD in here!" 

"Lets drink some now, everyone said they're going to take like 3 fucking hours to get here!"... 

I woke up to the sounds of laughter and the sight of the three girls looking down at me. 

"C'mon Tim, turn up with us," Celeste said. 

"Yeah Tim, we already drank half the bottle! And we got one more!" said Mikayla, obviously a few shots in. "We got some good chaser too!" 

"How about some pong until everyone else gets back?" I said. 

Mikayla responded, "Yeah, Grant said he's going to be a while getting back with everyone else." 

"Mikayla, where are your cups?" asked Celeste. 

"It's all good, I already got it set up, but we need Tim to play!" Gabi responded, holding a half full container of Jack Daniels in one hand and a bottle of Coke in the other. 

I obliged them, and we set up to play some pong. Gabi and I were on a team against Celeste and Mikayla. Considering I was sober, and they were already semi-drunk, as well as the fact that I was far more coordinated than them to start with, meant Gabi and I swept them twice. Although to keep it fair, I drank for each of their shots just to catch up. 

One shot turned into two. Two turned into three. Three into four, and four into nine. 

Getting more drunk by the second. 

"Thats a cup! Boo yah, go back to the minor leagues!" I exclaimed as I hit another cup. "On fire!" I took a shot as they took theirs. "Balls back!" 

"Damn it, Tim. C'mon Celeste, I don't want to lose again!" Mikayla yelled, obviously fairly drunk now. 
