 He loved her and he respected her, really cherished her. But her subtleness, her shyness, her beauty and savvy only enhanced his desire to ravish her, to have her in every way. She was physically beautiful with striking eyes and full dark hair. Her skin was tanned with hints of olive and the curves of her figure always invited his eyes to its hidden places. Her demure beauty drove his desire to corrupt her, to make her crave him like he craved her. In her youth she had been tall and lanky and she had been a near Olympic swimmer, lean and muscular. With maturity she had blossomed and developed into a complicated sensual woman, one that he had been magnetically drawn to from the start. The kind of woman he could never really get enough of with her sparkling intelligent eyes, her perfect smile not to mention her tight round breasts, long legs, broad shoulders thick dark hair.

He knew she loved him deeply but he craved how he felt when she allowed herself to unfold and reach for his desire. In bed they both knew that sometimes she held back afraid of loosing control when his wild side came out. But deep inside she knew that she really wanted his full satisfaction, wanted him to have her any way he desired. Her heart knew that her body needed to show him all and give him everything. She needed it because he did. He didn't question the nature of his desire. Taking her was primal and intuitive. It wasn't unusual for lyrics to dance in his head when she gave him one of those looks.

"Everybody knowsThat baby's got new clothesBut lately I see her ribbons and her bowsHave fallen from her curls

She takes just like a woman, yes she doesShe makes love just like a woman, yes she doesAnd she aches just like a womanBut she breaks just like a little girl"

It was a warm Saturday afternoon spent at the contemporary art museum as she had suggested. She in a sundress and he in jeans. He loved when she wore dresses because he loved to touch her bare legs and she would admit to this too. She liked the back of him in those jeans and front as well. The museum exhibits were mostly strange but some were quite erotic and sensual but what he liked best was the little white triangle he saw when she crossed her smooth tan legs in the cafe; his heart raced. This was not their usual haunt but they enjoyed the change of pace and talked about what they liked on the way back home. He kept touching her and she knew where this was going. The exhibits had worked their magic on him as she thought they might and she smiled when at home he grabbed her waist and walked her to their bedroom. The windows were open with warm summer air slowly moving the closed sheer white curtains. They kissed and his hands moved to her ass under the dress so she grabbed his ass and pulled him close feeling his quickly stiffening cock against her tummy. His nimble fingers hooked her straps and the dress slipped to the floor.

Their bed, a warm nest with soft cotton sheets, down pillows and cloud like comforters was a place of sanctuary and rejuvenation. It was also the place where he relished mutual passion and release but usually at a little respective psychological distance. Because they had talked about this distance, they were different than many others when it came to love, sex, desire and lust, what it means to be close and how to keep the flame burning brightly. Usually their lovemaking started with a shoulder rub, deep muscle massages. A breast would be caressed, then two with quickly erect nipples, a hard cock, and some light kissing between breathy lips.

This time would be special, this time they would cross a line, this time they would never forget because this time would flash in their daydreams for years, only to be slowly erased by new pinnacles. He loved her pert nipples and she felt pride that her body possessed many focuses of his passion. She would feel her warmth growing as he gently brought each nipple to full arousal.

She put his hand on his cock and savored feeling him jack himself for her. She loved this about him, the vulnerability and the pureness of it. He was stroking the full length of his cock like a teenage boy reading playboy where she felt like the centerfold. Her pussy grew warm and wet with the attention.

She also enjoyed warming up with a little vibe and this time was no exception. He slid his hand down her stomach and along her soft hips to the rim of her cute panties where he felt a few soft pubes extending past the band. They were new white cotton panties, sexy in a pure way next to her bronze soft skin and now damp at the crotch with her desire. His mind was on her body like a boy in the back seat. She liked this about him, when he got hard, he got big, very hard and very persistent.

As his fingers slipped under the top band and swirled her cropped raven curls and caressed her mound she reached over to feel his swollen cock in her hand. He felt the vibe in her panties and smiled knowing she would soon be ready to come and he would make her come hard, very hard. His warmth was usually constant but the heat she felt through his boxers was amazing, yes she could feel her pussy contract and moisten. She moved her hips and felt her warmth grow and spread. From her mound of soft curls his fingers slid past the wetness of her panties stroking her pussy lips and thighs and gently parting her in a search for more wetness. Once found, he gently opened her with one finger and then brought her juices up to her quickly hardening clit. Making small gentle circles he hastened the micro contractions. His rhythm was consistent and steady and his fingers were as gentle as his tongue could be. Her heart raced and she breathed deeply taking in the oxygen that nourished her flushing body. She could feel the warmth all over now, her fingertips, her lips, her sensitive breasts and even her toes grew warmer.

This was enough, she had to feel him pressing against her like two puzzle pieces rocking gently but firmly till they slid tightly in place. She rolled on her side spooning him behind her and pressing his stiff cock between her ass while gently thrusting.

She took his hand to her outer thigh and felt his strong massage. Deep warm muscle rubs on her strong long legs made her more connected to his strength and power. She had always liked strong men, their muscles and their assertiveness made her feel secure and taken care of. It also made her hot, to be taken by a man, a man with the strength to take her and take her for his own pleasure. A man to come up behind her and caress her but also a man to fuck her hard and fast with his power, his muscles and his deeply penetrating cock.

As she considered this she worked her vibe faster and faster while his hands were back on her breasts, rolling her pert erect nipples. Those nipples were showing him her full desire, showing him that her body wanted and needed his cock inside her. She reached behind and slid her panties down to her knees and then she pulled at his boxers but she was in no position to get them down his legs so he did the job for her and kicked them to the foot of the bed. Then he rolled back into spooning position with his cock sliding between her ass and over her rosebud. His shaft was hot and thrusting and she could tell he wanted a smooth ride so she put a drop of lotion she had waiting on the dresser between her cheeks for his pleasure - and hers. His response was immediate as he made a little noise. He slid the slick cockhead from the base of her now open pussy along her swollen perineum, over the tight bump of her rosebud and up between her cheeks. Then back and forth all over again. All the while he continued to rub her thighs and tweak her nipples. Soon he was also exploring her gapping pussy with his nimble fingers. She circled her clit with the vibe now soaking wet.

She knew she had to have him now, and also that she would let him have his every way with her. She would repay him for all the pleasure he was giving her and he would never forget. It was a thought that made her blush a little but a thought that would not subside because she had felt it many times before. She took his glistening cock with her nimble fingers and gently placed the swollen head at the opening of her willing rosebud and pushed her body slowly back.

She had always known that he wanted to have her this way, to take her from behind, to fuck her forbidden ass and take from her something no man had ever taken. She had thought this simple act to be degrading and put it off. He would rub his cock on it and that felt very good, but whenever he pressed his cockhead at her opening, she would pull away. But this man would eventually have her, have his way with her and secretly she knew it all along. So in the past she asked him why he wanted to take her like this? His response was clear and direct - he just did, that the idea of it made his balls ache and his heart race.

She was a good girl raised by a loving family. Her mother always dressed her nicely and when she got older she felt guilty for the things she did in the dark when her hormones raced or on a date with a "bad boy". But she never thought she would let any man take her like this, would never ever want her man to take this from her. She would always be a "good girl" but today she decided to give him what he needed and craved.

Grabbing his cock with one hand and rubbing her glistening butt with the other, she circled his cockhead around her hole, ever so slowly opening it up. As he pressed forward with each thrust her ass tightly opened, welcoming this entry yet straining at the pressure. When he was a little bit in so she let go of his cock and held her pillow and circled her swollen clit with the other. She was so hot, this was so hot and she was ready. Now in charge, he thrusted slightly further each time as he stretched his girl wide open for his own pleasure. For her pleasure she took his roving hand and slid his fingers deep in her moist and contracting pussy. Her strong muscles squeezed against his fingers as he slid them upwards to the ridge of her G spot. She pushed back against his cockhead which finally slid into her open hole with one more little thrust. Yes it hurt, but just for a second but she was getting fucked in both holes at the same time and that was very very hot. The pressure soon felt so filling and good, both holes filled to capacity as only a woman being ravished, being taken, being fucked hard by her man can tell you about if she dared. His fingers deep in her stretched pussy could actually feel his own cock moving deep in her ass and he felt his balls contract. 

She could feel his strength, his hot breath, his engorged cock in her, his fingers filling her soaking cunt, and yes she could feel her fingers circling her rock hard peg of a clit. The pressure was amazing, the brazenness was shocking, her desire was over the top and his impending orgasm was too much for her. She spasmed as her pussy contracted over and over, her thighs involuntary opening against his deeply thrusting cock and his fingers pressing strongly against the ridges of her widely stretched pussy lips. When she moaned FUUUUUK, fuuuuukkk into the pillow he lost all control. His cock pushed a little deeper into her gapping hole and he froze as his body tensed with orgasmic energy. Her orgasms flowed from her toes to her fingers to the top of her head as she came over and over and her open pussy squirted down his fingers and onto the soft sheets. Then she could feel his massive load filling her with his sex, his seed, his power till the last drop of his cum spurted out of his cock and into her now gapping ass.

When he was done with her, done thrusting, done feeling himself taking her, done enjoying the tightness of her, done ravishing her glowing body, she slowly pulled him out and using his boxers cleaned his still hard shaft of their lust, love or whatever you call this kind of fucking and lovemaking. She cleaned him like a nurse cares for a patient. She was slowly beginning to understand what this meant, what she had set free and what she had done. She knew she had satisfied him in the way no other woman ever had or ever would and she glowed with this knowledge. She knew that he would want this again and that scared her a little but she also knew he would be grateful for her gift and this made her eyes twinkle. Without a sound other than the pounding of their hearts she put her head in the soft spot of his strong shoulder and slept soundly cherishing his security and strength. He dreamed of the woman he cherished, the woman he could never get enough of but would never stop trying, the woman who had given him everything.

Just before falling asleep he understood that by taking her this way, taking all she had to offer, by awakening her inner slut, he was also giving her everything that a man can give a woman.