 "Are you wet?"

Warm breath tickled my ear, driving me to the brink of orgasm. Dirty talk was my sexual drug of choice. Shot me right to the precipice of a high peak, perched on the rim, prepared for a stunning freefall into ecstasy. When his gaze slid down to the juncture of my thighs, heat bloomed in my cheeks, low in my belly, between my legs. 

I ached in places that usually only came alive after long and intense stimulation of the solo kind. I lost myself in his mouth, languished in his kiss. In the slow, succulent movement of his lips. The sweet, sweet sensuality of it. The hardness of his chest against my breasts. The subtle rasp of his whiskers beneath my palms.

I had never experienced anything like the sensations I'd gotten during those minutes of his mouth on mine, his body pressing into me. I thought I had been ready that second time, but when he'd taken control I was still tingling from it. I took a deep breath and looked up. 

God, his eyes. They were dark, like everything else about him, but it was a deep-blue rimmed with a border of navy or black that made his gaze that much more intense. It was a look that saw everything in an instant and I shivered under his piercing stare, not from fear or even from the cold, but from something I didn't have a name for.

"I have a surprise for you." 

"What kind of surprise?" I asked. After last night, I wasn't sure how many more spontaneous announcements from him I could handle.

"If I tell you, then it wont be a surprise, will it?"

"Where is it?"

"That's part of the surprise too."

I walked over to him and slipped my arms around his neck. 

"When do I get my surprise?"

Maybe I could seduce the information out of him. 

"Soon."

"Meanie." With my lips pursed in a pout, I stepped back and crossed my arms over my breasts.

"I wish you wouldn't tease me with a surprise and then not deliver."

His laughter at my mock outrage rang through the room. 

"No worries there, baby. I'll deliver, no problem."

He walked around me to the dresser, glancing at his watch lying there before turning his attention back to me.

"In fact, I think we're almost ready. Turn around." 

"Why?"

"Well, I can't have you seeing your surprise until it's completely ready, now can I?" Brian took a tie off the dresser and dangled it in front of me. 

"Feeling a little kinky tonight, are we?"

"Tonight, tomorrow night, the night after that. And that's why you love me."

Without another word he stepped behind me and placed the silk tie over my eyes, fastening it at the back of my head. 

"Is it too tight?" 

"No." 

I had to lick my lips twice to get words to slip past them. I was nervous, yet excited all at the same time.

"Are you ready?"

His whisper into my ear had me shivering with anticipation. Although he hadn't suggested my surprise was anything sexual, I thought it might be. That was until he led me from the bedroom.

"Where are we going?"

"Surprise, remember, Shhh. Stop thinking so much. Tonight is all about feeling."

We stopped for a moment and I realized I'd been so intent on listening to his words, I had no idea where I was. I thought I remembered turning once, or was it twice? Hell, for all I knew, he had walked me in circles and we were back in the bedroom. Brian swept my hair away from my neck, sliding his lips sensuously over the exposed skin. 

"What dirty thoughts are you having?" 

I couldn't miss these little diamond points even if I was a blind man. The idea of what he might have planned for me had caused my breasts to peak in interest. His hands came up to pinch my nipples through the thin robe, causing me to squirm. He knew how much I liked that and he was deliberately teasing me. 

"Well?"

I had to drag my mind back to the conversation at hand. 

"Dirty thoughts, oh yeah, I had plenty of those, especially after last night."

"Is that all?"

He'd slipped his hand through the opening in my robe to stroke my stomach before dipping between my legs. Not surprisingly, I was wet from our conversation and my wandering imagination.

"You wouldn't happen to be thinking about last night, would you?"

"Uh-huh, there's no maybe about it".

I squirmed in his arms as I remembered my wantonness yesterday. And he was right, I was still thinking about it. About how easy it had been to abandon all my doubts and revel in the fantasy. 

"You're right, I was thinking about it."

"Now that you've talked about it, does the fantasy still work for you?"

I knew exactly what he meant. In fact, I'd worried once I voiced the fantasy aloud it would no longer hold the charm it once did. Instead the opposite was true. 

"Oh yeah, it's working right now."

I had a fantasy about being naked and hands roaming my body. I was being double penetrated by a couple giant cocks. Mouths sucked on my nipples, streams of cum shot across my chest. I had woke up hot, wet, sweating and needing. 

A nervous laugh escaped my throat. Talking about it only made the possibility more real somehow.

"What if I told you I was willing to fulfill your fantasy for you?"

I felt as if all the air were being sucked out of the room. Did I want that, truly? The one thing I knew for certain was this was the man I loved with all my heart, the man I was going to marry. 

I'd be a little shocked and somewhat amazed. Why? Most men don't offer to share their woman. Most couples are probably not as secure in their relationship as we are. 

"This would be a one-time thing. It's certainly not something I'd make a habit of. Besides, I wouldn't be willing to share you with just anyone."

"Surrender to temptation and leave your inhibitions at the door. Take a walk on the wild side and have some fun. We both know you want to give in and indulge your most sinful desires." 

The ominous tone of his teasing added to the mystery and made my insides tingle. 

He took the blindfold off of me and I stood in front of the door for what seemed like forever. I thought about how one of my very own fantasies was supposed to be on the other side of the door. He took my hand and lead me to the guest bedroom.

There was an incredibly hot man sitting on the giant king sized bed. I stood there naked and somewhat in shock, unsure of what to do. The man walked over to me and traced a finger between my chin to the valley between my breasts. He was tanned, muscular, and blue eyed. I was wet just from looking at him. 

"I'm Alan. Your surprise. Brian thought that he and I could take special care of you."

Brian walked over to us and stood beside me. "Surprise baby."

I looked each man in the eye. They were serious. 

"So what do we do now?" I whispered

"Now we satiate your desire." Alan whispered back and put his lips on mine.

His lips were both soft and hard. I opened my mouth and let his tongue slide inside. His hands stroked my arms, and though my eyes were closed, I memorized the feel of his chest, his arms. I followed the trail of hair down his chest and brushed against his hot velvety smooth cock. I almost came on the spot. 

Brian stood behind me, his teeth and tongue gliding along my neck. Shivers rippled over my skin. Alan fell to his knees before me and took my nipple into his mouth. Brian held me up as I nearly crumpled with a moan. As Alan sucked on my nipple, his hand moved between my legs.

"Oh, you're ready." he said in wonder. 

He rubbed his fingers over my clit, and watched the wetness string from my pussy to his lips as he tasted his fingers. He pushed two fingers deep inside me. 

I was on the brink of orgasm when I felt Alan gently spread my ass cheeks apart. Kneeling behind me, he ever so gently licked that most delicate spot. Brian laid down on the oversized bed, his legs hanging over the end. 

"Climb on top of me." he said.

Mesmerized I straddled Brian, facing him, my hands on his chest, my pussy rubbing over the head of his cock. He held it in place. 

"Now." he said. 

And I slid down the length of his cock until my lips were pressed against his skin. He moaned as my muscles stroked and squeezed him. He squeezed my breasts and pulled harder on my nipples. Electricity shot from my tits to my clit. Behind me Alan was pouring lube over his fingers.

"Just relax." he whispered, and gently rubbed my asshole with cool wet strokes. 

My skin was on fire. I didn't know if I was going to last long enough to get to the final deed. Brian's cock pulsed inside of me. 

"Have you ever done this before?" Alan asked. 

"No, I haven't."

"Tell me what you like about it." he told me.

His fingers still feather light dancing around my still tight ass. I moaned.

"Tell me why you want a cock in your ass."

"God, it feels so good to be.. full. It feels so good to be stretched to the point of it hurting. It turns me on to think about it being a cock, holding me open like that."

I sobbed with pleasure as he slipped a finger in my ass. He worked it in and out. The walls of my pussy pulsed around Brian's cock, which pulsed in response. 

"More .. I want more."

He slipped in another finger.

"Tell us what you want us to do to you right now." 

"God Alan, please." I begged. "I want your cock deep inside me. I want you moving in me. I want to ride Brian. I just want you both to fuck me.. now."

Alan stood between Brian's knees and pushed his long hard cock into my ass. I stifled a scream as he invaded my ass, pushed deep inside me. I felt so hot, so full. Alan moved in long steady strokes which slid me up and down the length of Brian's cock. 

Alan's hands roamed my back as Brian and I kissed. The blood roared in my head. At any moment I was going to shatter.. closer, closer to the edge until I finally let my body go.

I felt my ass and pussy squeezing, gripping both cocks hard and fast as I thrashed with the most intense orgasm I have ever had. Brian grabbed my hips and gave a hard thrust and I felt his head spasm inside me. 

Then Alan gripped my hips hard and with three more quick strokes, shouted his own orgasms. I collapsed on top of Brian. Alan collapsed on top of me. For a moment, the only sound in the room was that of rapid breathing slowing, calming down.

"Ready?" Alan asked. 

I nodded. He slowly pulled himself out of my ass. I gasped how empty I suddenly felt.

"Your turn." Brian said.

I lifted my body off of Brian's cock. I thought it would be awkward once we were finished, but it wasn't awkward. I felt strong and fulfilled and thrilled.