 When I first got married to my husband Mark, he urged me to stay at home. He told me his job would support us just fine. Unfortunately, I listened to him. At first everything was alright. After about a year, Mark told me he was needing to work longer hours. Like a fool I believed him and I became isolated at the house.

I began to get suspicious. I could swear I smelled a perfume that I didn't wear. I wanted to confront my husband but I needed real proof. I was also getting damn horny. If my husband had another woman on the side, he wasn't given me any sex. I had an itch that I couldn't scratch with my fingers or a vibrator.

I had my eye on a neighbor up the street. He was actually much younger than me. His name was Jake and he was college age. I think he was going to one of the community colleges in the area. Jake got my juices flowing. He was just the kind of man I wanted. He was tall and thin and I was betting he had a big cock. I just had to get his attention. 

One day I saw Jake out in front of his house. I ran out the door and I flagged him down. I said I needed some help inside the house. I didn't let him ask too many questions. I just waved my hand in order for him to come to me. I only had a tight shirt and shorts on that day. I hoped that would help my cause. Jake came inside and he looked around. He looked confused.

"What the problem?" He asked me.

"The problem is Jake, I need a man right now."

He gave me this quizzical look. There was no use wasting time explaining. I pulled my shirt up and I gave Jake his first look at my boobs. Jake's eyes went wide. I had him right where I wanted him. I reached down and pushed my shorts down over my hips. Jake got to see my shaved pussy.

"I need fucked Jake, are you man enough for the job," I told him.

Maybe Jake needed a woman or maybe he was just lured into my clutches. I didn't care. Jake quickly got undressed for me. He was just as I pictured him. Tall and lean and he had the right sized equipment. His dick was dangling down between his legs and I am betting he was nearly eight inches in length. I made it easy for him. I got onto the dining room table and I spread my legs.

Jake knew just what to do. He got closer and he took his meat into his hand. Jake rubbed that large mushroom across my pussy lips. I thought I might just cum right there. 

"Don't tease me Jake. I need that cock." I pleaded with him.

Jake fitted my opening with his cock head and he eased into me. I don't know if I was tight or that Jake was so big. It hurt at first. Jake was pushing into me an inch at a time. It took a few minutes until he had that monster in my pussy. Jake lifted my legs up and he began to give it to me hard. God, how I missed being fucked. It had been a few months, for sure. Jake's big balls were hitting my body. I leaned back on the table and watched as Jake fucked the hell out of me.

"So you want fucked with my thick monster Heather?"

I think I pleaded and begged Jake not to pull out. I don't think there was any danger in that happening. Jake pushed in and our pubic bones were rubbing together. There was one thing I did like. Jake fucked like he was some animal in heat. He leaned in and took my tits into his hands. He began kneading my big melons. Jake would use my tits to pull me into him. Who knows how long that Jake fucked me. It felt like most of the morning.

Jake never slowed down. He pounded my pussy until I heard him starting to growl. I knew he had to be close. We didn't even talk about whether he should pull out or not. I needed to feel his hot male seed inside my belly. Jake thrust into me a few more times then he arched his back. I felt him explode inside my aching pussy.

All I can tell you was that Jake had a big load that he gave me. I could feel his cock expanding and contracting as he flooded me with his cum. Once Jake came in me, I had my orgasms. They came on me so fast. I couldn't control my body. I began to shake as Jake kept stroking my greedy hole. I am betting he fucked me for another fifteen minutes or so. 

I felt Jake slowing down. I was just trying to catch my breathe. I felt wiped out. Jake slowly withdrew his cock from me. His white cum came dripping out of me. I couldn't move for some minutes. I finally got my feet back onto the floor and I tried to stand up. My legs were wobbly at first. Jake had to hold my naked body in his arms. 

I was going to have to wash that dining table cover for sure. I went to the bathroom and I pushed out as much of Jake's spunk as I could. When I came back out, Jake was dressed once more.

"I really have to go. I'm late for a class."

We kissed each other and I gave Jake my cellphone number. I told him to call me around midnight if he could. Jake went out the door and I tried to pull myself together. I showered and dressed again. I could still feel Jake's love offering swimming around inside me. I knew I had to have him again. 

Mark finally got home. He ate dinner quickly and then he went to bed. I knew right then I had made the right decision with Jake. Around midnight I went down to the washroom and waited for Jake to call. He was prompt, I will say that for him. I told him that I needed him. He could have me anytime he liked. I don't think I had to do much convincing.

Jake said he could meet me when he was between classes or when he didn't have any classes for the day. That was the start of our secret love affair. Jake is just the kind of lover that I need. He seems to fuck for hours when we have sex. We try to see each other everyday. I take Jake back into the spare bedroom. We get naked and then we fuck like mad. 

I have been riding his hard bone these past few days. I love that Jake can squeeze my tits as he pushes his fat cock into me as far as he can. After not having sex all these months, I find I need Jake constantly. I'm taking birth control, so Jake can seed my pussy for as long as he wants. Having a younger lover is a big plus. Jake is a sexual dynamo. He can go every time and he always has a hot load of his sauce to give me.

One day when we were in bed, Jake was on top of me. His cock was buried deep in me. He had me near a climax when he said he would be graduating in a few months. What were we going to do then. I couldn't let Jake escape from my bed. I told him if he wanted me to leave my husband, that I would for him.

Jake got a big smile on his face. He started giving me the deepest strokes he could. He was pulling out and then slamming his bone all the way inside my tummy. He told me that I was his from now on. It sent chills up my spine when he said that I was his possession. We came together that day. I felt Jake's hot seed splashing against my pussy walls. I clamped down tight and I took his love offering from him.

I know it is just a matter of time before I leave my husband for Jake. I don't feel a thing for Mark these days. My mind is always on the times that Jake is filling my steamy pussy with his cum.