 I was at work. It was almost lunchtime. I had been trying to get to a stopping point, when my phone lit up. It was my girl: "I had the BEST dream about you last night." 

I typed a quick reply: "Yeah? What?" I wondered why she was just now texting about her dream at 11:00 AM.

"Pretty graphic...stop reading if this is going to interfere with work..." came her reply.

My dick perked up; I stopped reading. When I went back to our chat after lunch, what she had typed for me proved well worth the wait.

"First part I remember is you were inside me and I reached down to feel how you were so thick I had to stretch to fit around you. I must have looked down because I remember seeing our connection, almost like close up. Then I was riding you and kissing you and we were sweating and maybe a little hair pulling...I think we were on your couch, not sure, but we were semi-sitting up. No story or anything, but the whole dream felt extra realistic. And delicious. I woke up all sweaty."

I hadn't felt her body in almost a week. I smiled and tried hard to think about work for the rest of the day.

***

"Wanna make out?" She asked. We were on my couch that evening, and had decided we were bored with the current Netflix offerings. 

Her voice was playful, but just a little too controlled. Her eyes flashed with something like hunger. She stood over me as if ready to pounce. I reached a hand up the inside of her thigh, pausing between her legs to feel the heat that radiated from her. She swung her other leg over me so that she straddled me on the couch. My jeans had already become unbearably tight. 

She leaned in and kissed me deeply. Kissing back, I ran my hands along her body - up the backs of her thighs, lingering on her ass, pulling her hips closer against my erection. I slid my hands inside her shirt and caressed the lace of her bra, the softness of her breasts spilling out at the top. She expressed her pleasure by grinding against my stiff cock. It ached for her, feeling her humid warmth through all of our clothes. I slipped my hand between her legs once again, rubbing on her through her pants.

"Take these off." It was more plea than command.

She stood and did as I had asked, slowly unbuttoning the jeans, sliding them down over her hips and ass, revealing silky red lace-trimmed panties. I watched, placing a hand over my cock as it throbbed in anticipation. 

She let her jeans fall to the floor, kicking them aside. Still wearing her panties and shirt, she turned her attention to my own pants. She unbuttoned them with excitement in her eyes, as though opening a present just for her. By now she knew exactly what she would find, but this only seemed to add to her enthusiasm. As she worked the zipper down and my dick sprang forth, I watched her smile and bite her lip. Without hesitation, she bent forward and took just the tip into her mouth, sucking lightly. Her hands caressed the shaft ever so lightly as I finished the job of removing my pants. 

I couldn't help but feel a bit of disappointment - I knew I would come much too easily tonight. I hadn't touched myself in days, and now I was trembling in her hands. I wanted to warn her - I'm usually able to last as long as she needs me to, but tonight I could already feel the orgasm threatening to rise up and overwhelm me. 

As though sensing the intensity of my lust, she began to slide me deeper into her mouth. I fought to stay in control as her lips slid down my shaft. When the tip reached the back of her throat and she tried to pull me in deeper still, I knew I had to gather all my willpower and stop her. I wanted her to fuck me. I needed inside.

"Why are you still wearing panties?"

My question prompted her to stand and spin around slowly, twitching her hips back and forth for me as she slid the silky little panties down, bending all the way forward to slip them free from her ankles. 

Despite the break in physical contact, the fire inside me refused to be calmed even a little. I felt certain I could explode at any moment. 

She would later tell me I had need in my eyes. She was still removing her shirt and bra as she straddled me once again. Using her hand, she guided my cock between her legs. Before her lips had even parted for me I could feel how wet she was. Gently, carefully, she slid down over me, slippery with excitement. Her face was tense with concentration. 

When her body had accepted about half of my cock inside, she began to gasp, suddenly holding herself very still on me. I watched her face in wonder - she was coming already. It was all I could do not to grab her hips and thrust in deep, filling her with my entire cock, thick and throbbing and rock hard just for her. I held very still and watched her with amazement. I could feel her pussy tighten around me again and again, sliding over me again, taking me deeper. I still hadn't taken off my shirt, and now she clutched the fabric in both hands as her orgasm continued, the pleasure only building instead of tapering off. The look on her face conveyed such an intensity of feeling that I didn't dare move. She pressed against me as hard as she could now, her pussy filled to its limit with my erection. She held very still, holding me deep inside, and I felt her whole body tremble as she continued to come on me, again and again. I held myself as still as I could, watching her face in awe.

She could almost take my whole cock inside. Try as we had, the last quarter inch or so had never felt the inside of her pussy. I was as hard now as I'd ever been. It was all I could do not to let her pull me over that edge with her. I was now so close that holding it in was almost unbearable. I should really warn her, I thought. She was so aroused tonight, so orgasmic. I couldn't bear to cut this short. I tried to think of something else, anything to calm what now felt like lava inside of me. Just then she started to slide her hips up and down, in the nice, long strokes that were the quickest way to finish me off. 

"Please," I begged, barely conscious of what I was saying. I grabbed her hips and slid them back and forth, keeping her clit tight against my body. She moaned. I knew she liked that feeling. She kept grinding against me this way, her breath becoming ragged. She grabbed at my shoulders, at the couch cushions behind me, anything to stop her feeling like she might fall off the edge of the planet. She put one hand to her mouth and bit one of the knuckles, hard, trying to keep from screaming. Her soaking wet pussy somehow became wetter. I reached a hand up to caress her face, and she bit at my arm.

"I'm coming," she gasped. Are there any two better words from a lover? I fought hard to keep my orgasm inside, as hers seemed to grow more and more intense. She rode me almost furiously, her hands grasping at anything she could reach. 

"That was so hot," I breathed, when her movement began to slow. "Baby, I'm going to come soon. I don't want to, but..." my voice trailed off as she resumed that up-and-down motion that she knew would take my control away. "Please," I begged her, dizzy with pleasure, not even sure what I was asking her for. "Please...I'm..."

Suddenly she stood, letting my cock slip completely out of her, exposed. Before I could speak, I was in her mouth. She knew it was my favorite place to come, and I gasped as she took me so deep I could feel her tonsils. She pressed me into the back of her throat expertly, wrapping one hand firmly around the base to guide my cock in and out. The pleasure was crashing over me in waves now. "Please," was all I could say. She tried to guide me all the way down her throat, and gagged a little. I could barely breathe. Finding a steady rhythm, she fucked me with her mouth, sucking lustfully on the upstroke, pressing my cock head hard against the back of her throat on every downstroke.

"Oh God." I was trying to speak, but I wasn't sure if sound was even coming out. It was all hers now. There was nothing I could do to delay it a second longer. "Here I come."

I exploded. My rock hard cock shot its load into her mouth and throat with overwhelming force. The release was unlike anything I'd experienced. 

She held me in her mouth long after I was finished. Her strokes had become more gentle; she knew I was spent, but she didn't want to stop just yet. When she finally pulled back to swallow, she kept both her hands around my shaft, and her lips never left the tip. Then slowly she took me deep into her mouth again, licking me clean. She was careful not to overwhelm me, but I was so sensitive that the light pleasure from her mouth and hands kept me very stiff. 

In a daze I wondered if this was intentional. Was she purposely keeping me erect so she could fuck me again? The thought sent a jolt of excitement straight through my dick. I wouldn't be able to come again tonight, I was sure, but I wanted to feel her come on me again. I knew she was capable of several more orgasms. When she was this turned on, she seemed almost unlimited in her capacity for pleasure. 

She still had her mouth around me, and was now sucking again, ever so lightly. I lay still and allowed her to continue awhile, until I was once again fully erect, and felt certain that this had been her intent all along. I smiled. Now I could focus solely on her pleasure. 

Carefully, I extracted myself from her mouth. At first she almost seemed indignant. 

"Do you want me to fuck you now?" I asked. My dick pulsed with excitement at the thought. She nodded slowly. The excitement in her face sent a wave of pleasure through me. "Look how hard you've still got me," I added, lightly stroking my own cock. I was still a bit tender from the orgasm she'd just given me, but now I wanted her again. Even if I couldn't come another time, the thought of her wet pussy clenching around me as she writhed in ecstasy, lent a rigidness to my cock that I hadn't expected to return so soon.

My legs trembled as I stood. "Do you want to go into my bedroom?" She nodded again. "Guide me." I took her hand and placed it around my shaft. She stroked it playfully as she led me by the dick into my own bed. 

"How do you want me?" She asked me, grinning, pressing her breasts against my chest, leaning in to kiss me.

"Baby it's all about you," I whisper, pushing her hair back from her face. "I can't come again." She looks a bit disappointed to hear this. I take her hand in mine and placed it on my cock as I continue. "But look. Look how hard I still am for you." She strokes me, her eyes seeming to light up. "It's all yours. I just want to make you feel good. I want to make you come until you can't come anymore."

"You're too good to be true," she giggles.

I lean in and kiss her on the mouth. 

"Now lie down," I command. She does - on her back, legs spread, naked, exposed to me. A jolt of excitement runs through my body. I kneel between her legs, and place the tip of my cock at her opening. She arches her back, ready, eager to take me inside. But I pull back. 

Instead I sit beside her and slide a hand between her legs. Her breath quickens. She knows what I'm going to do to her. I slide a finger inside her pussy - it's still hot and slick. I add a finger, and she arches back, pressing herself into my hand. It's all the encouragement I need. I begin moving my hand furiously in just the way I know will get her to squirt. Her breath has turned into desperate gasps; she whimpers and almost tries to escape me. We both know what's about to happen. She lets out a low, guttural sound - and then she explodes. I don't dare change the motion or speed of my hand as she drenches it in her own fluids. I keep fingering her, and she comes for me in big spurts, soaking my covers. Only when I'm sure she has nothing left do I stop.  

My cock is now throbbing with excitement. I lift her hips and pull her onto a dry part of the bed, under me. I take my erection in my wet hand, and guide it gently into her still-quivering pussy. She cries out as I push into her. She's far too wet to offer any resistance. I look down, watching all but the last quarter inch of my manhood disappear inside of her, and there I hold very still, pressing into her as deeply as I can. She gasps as I bottom out in her, and I can feel her excitement begin to build.

"Oh God," she starts to whimper. "Oh God. I'm going to come."

"Come for me, baby." 

It's all the encouragement she needs. Her body writhes under mine, and I hold as still as I can. She moans, and I can feel her entire pussy squeezing on my hard cock. 

"I'm coming." The words barely come out in a whisper. "Please please please, I'm..."

She's still coming. She grips one of my pillows with all her strength and uses it to cover her face so she can scream into it. 

I can't help but start thrusting now. This excites her so much that she throws the pillow aside and grabs at my ass, grinding her hips into me. As pleasure washes over her again, she emits what can only be described as a growl. I can't tell if she's having another orgasm, or if the previous one hasn't stopped.

I fuck her for what seems like a blissful eternity. She comes almost continuously, pausing only to pull me close and kiss me, before giving in to the throes of her own pleasure yet again. 

Then suddenly, I feel an urgency that seems to originate deep in my balls. My breath catches in my throat. I'm going to come again. 

She gasps too. Looking at me wide-eyed, she asks, "did you just get bigger?"

I open my mouth, but I can't speak. I can't think. I'm thrusting so hard now. I'm going to explode again. Suddenly it's all I can do, all I can think of. 

She knows what's happening. She knows the one thing that can make it even better. She attempts to flip me over with her legs. I roll obediently onto my back. 

"I'm going to come again," I finally breathe.

She wraps her mouth around me and bobs up and down expertly, using one hand to guide and stroke my cock while the other applies the perfect amount of pressure on my balls. It feels incredible, but I'm not there yet. I reach down and pull at her arms, signaling her to ride me. 

In one motion she's on top of me, her pussy sliding down over my cock, still wet, letting me fill her again. She knows what to do. She grinds against me hard, moaning as she indulges in one more orgasm around my throbbing dick. Then she bounces her ass up and down on me until, all too quickly, I can't take it any longer.

"I'm almost there," I warn her, my voice trembling.

Her words send chills down my spine in the best possible way: "you want my mouth?"

All I can do is moan and nod my head, and hope that she changes positions quickly, because I can feel the seed rising up inside my swollen cock. I'm powerless to stop it now.

She's already there. I feel her tonsils. I feel the back of her throat. I feel her hands - one on my balls, holding them gently but firmly; one on my dick, stroking in time with her mouth. 

Then I feel myself explode, feel each thick jet of my semen shoot into her mouth, then down her throat, into her mouth...down her throat...into...her...mouth...

I feel her swallow while I'm still in her mouth; feel her lick me clean, making sure she hasn't spilled even a drop. I feel her curl up beside me, her head on my arm, her hand on my chest. I feel my eyes grow too heavy to open. The last thing I feel is a gentle pulsing of deep satisfaction in my spent cock, and her soft hair tangled around my fingers as I fade into sleep.