 Author's note --

This is a work of pure fiction. There is no connection to any real people or places. Any resemblance to real life people, events, or someone else's writings is coincidental. It is for entertainment only and is not to be reproduced without written consent.

*****************************

Sometimes a PC upgrade can be boring as hell and sometimes it can have interesting possibilities. My name is John and I occasionally do upgrades to office PCs. I've been doing this kind of work for quite a few years. I've been involved in some really big projects and also some really small projects. My latest assignment was an operating system upgrade on one laptop.

I was looking through the online IT job postings late Tuesday morning, when I got a call from one of the consulting companies I occasionally work for. They told me the IT tech they had scheduled for a laptop operating system upgrade, didn't show up and they needed someone immediately to do the upgrade. Since I was available, I told them I could be on-site in half an hour. After profuse thanks for me being so accommodating, I was on my way.

When I arrived, I was escorted to the desk of a woman in her late 20's, who's name was Terry. She had a nice figure, being not too skinny and not overweight. Knowing how these upgrades can take hours, I was glad she had a nice personality. Sizing up he physical attributes, I estimated she was about an inch or two shorter than my 5'6" frame. I also guessed she was about 130 lbs and about a 34B. She had short brown hair and brown eyes. She was dressed conservatively in black slacks and a pull-over blouse, with a nice hint of cleavage. 

In the initial chit-chat, I found out she actually lived about 100 miles away and normally worked remotely. The company had her make a special trip into the office today to do the upgrade. It meant she had to get up at 4:00 AM and drive for 2 hours to get here.

For this particular upgrade, I was given a 5-page list of step-by-step instructions to follow (normal for this kind of thing). I spent the first 20 min going through all the documents she had on the laptop that needed backed up, before installing the operating system. With all the documents put in the proper place, I started the backup procedure. 

Part of the way into the backup procedure, an error message popped up, requiring me to call the helpdesk for instructions on how to proceed. The person I needed to talk to was on lunch break and wouldn't be back for a while.

With this particular upgrade, the instructions were that the user was suppose to sit with me so they could use their login at various parts of the process. Knowing Terry had to be really hungry about now, I told her to go grab some lunch. 

While Terry was out, I finally got a response from the Helpdesk but needed Terry's login to proceed further. Thirty minutes later, Terry walked back into the office, explaining she had arranged for a room at the hotel across the street and had bought a few things she would need to spend the night, i.e. pajamas, toothbrush, etc. From the estimate on the amount of time the upgrade would take, i.e. till late in the day, the office was kind enough to let her get a room instead of making her drive all the way back home that evening.

With the upgrade back going again, there was a fair amount of down-time to chat about different things. Over the course of the next 5 hours, I got to know her pretty well and we were getting pretty comfortable with each other. She told me she had gone through a divorce about 6 months ago. She confided that the whole 5 year loveless marriage was a disaster. Except for their wedding night, her husband did little to satisfy her emotional and physical needs. She had been faithful during the marriage but her sexual needs were becoming more than she could bear. 

At times, during our conversations, my hand brushed against the side of her leg but she didn't pull away or indicate her disapproval. It was beginning to show that she needed some companionship right now.

By 5:00 PM, everyone else in the office had left. Terry and I were the only remaining ones. I could tell Terry was getting tired. She'd had a long day and she kept working her neck back and forth to try working out the kinks. I told her I thought I could help a little by massaging her neck and she agreed to let me give it a try.

I spent the next 5 minutes, using my fingers to try working some of the stiffness out of her neck muscles. It didn't help as much as I thought it should, mainly because her back was killing her as well.

Knowing that the upgrade was going to take quite a bit longer, I suggested we just let keep running while we went over to the hotel room where I could better massage her neck and upper back. She was so happy at the thought of getting some relief from back and neck pain, Terry readily agreed.

Telling her that the only proper way to do a good massage was to make direct skin contact, I had her take off her blouse and lay face-down on the bed, with her head just barely over the end of the bed. 

As I began to work my fingers into her neck, Terry closed her eyes and started to relax, letting my fingers work the stiffness out. As the minutes went by, Terry became more relaxed and softly commented how good that felt. 

Knowing that her back was part of the problem, I began to work her shoulders and the area around her spine. I could tell my fingers were really doing the job by the noises she was starting to make. 

To get better skin contact with her back, I deftly unhooked her bra and pulled the straps to the side. Terry was enjoying the massage so much she barely noticed what I had done.

With her back completely exposed, I began to work my fingers in long strokes, from her neck to the small of her back. With each stroke down her back, my fingers worked their way further and further down, until they were working under the waistband of her slacks. Ooohs and aahhs began to emanate from Terry's lips. To make it easier for my fingers to work under her waistband, I managed to unzipp the side of her slacks between massages to her lower back. Terry was so lost in how good the massage felt, she didn't even notice. 

I was now working my fingers from the top of her back to working her ass, leaning over her in the process. All this time, she was dreamily commenting this was the best massage she had ever had. With things going so well, I decided to take the next step. 

I told her to told her to keep her eyes closed and roll over on her back, so I could work the front part of her neck and stomach. She was feeling so good from the wonderful back massage, she readily complied with my request. As she rolled from her stomach to her back, I pulled her bar completely off. She was now lying on her back, her firm breasts exposed to me, and her head partially off the end of the bed and tilted down. 

I began working her neck some more. After a few minutes, my fingers worked their way down her chest until I was massaging her breasts. With the "ooohs" and "aahs" continuing and seeing her nipples firm up into hard points.

Seeing so much of her bare skin over the course of the last 20 minutes, I had gotten pretty aroused myself. My 7.5 inch cock was straining in my shorts and needed some relief.

While I used one hand to alternately massage each breast and nipple, I used my other hand to quietly unzip and pull my pants and shorts down. Having been freed from its confines, my rigid cock stood straight out.

I inched forward until my cock head was just above her open lips. Using my one hand to guide my cock, I positioned it Terry's partially open mouth. 

As soon as she felt it touch her lips, her tongue instinctively began to lick the dark purple head. I inched forward a little more and my cock head began to slip past her lips. A little more and my entire cock head was in her warm, wet mouth. 

I began to slowly rock back and forth, inching more and more of my cock past her pretty lips. When it hit the back of her mouth, I told her to relax and let it slide in further. Soon, I could see her throat bulging as my cock slid down into her throat until the entire length of it was in her mouth and my balls were up against her nose. Terry's warm mouth was like a tight glove around my cock and it felt really good.

As Terry was happily sucking on my cock, I leaned further over so my fingers could slip under her panties and slide into her steamy, juicy pussy. The scent of her hot, dripping sex permeated the room. Soon, her hips were rising to meet my fingers and it gave me the opportunity to push her slacks down further, giving me better access to her pussy. 

As my fingers worked her pussy, the neatly trimmed brown hair was becoming soaked with her juices. I raised a pussy juice finger to my mouth and licked the nectar from my fingers. 

Terry was doing such a wonderful job on my cock, it took a lot of will power not to cum quickly. I was tempted to flood her hot mouth with gobs of my seed but I had other ideas for where the first blast would go.

Prying my cock from the vacuum suction of her mouth, I spun her body 180 degrees so that her legs were now hanging over the edge. It only took me a couple of seconds to pull her slacks and panties completely off then pull her legs up over my shoulders so her puffy pussy lips were exposed for perfect entry by my cock. 

Taking a hold of my cock, I rubbed the head of it across her clit, causing her pussy to leak additional copious amounts of pussy juice. I knew she was ready to take my cock, so without delay I rammed the full length of it into her until my pelvic bone hit her thighs and balls made contact with the base of her pussy lips. It felt like my cock head had even burrowed its way past her cervix and into her womb.

I could tell this was not Terry's first time but I must have been the biggest she'd ever experienced. When I bottomed out, it took the breath out of her for a few seconds. For the first minute or two, until she got use to it, every drive into her sucked the breath out of her. Even though she was well lubricated with her juices, she was still tight enough to grip my cock to suck it back in with each withdrawal. After about 15 minutes, both of us were getting really close to cumming. 

Suddenly, the cum that was boiling in my balls, came shooting up the length of my cock. With a roar of fulfillment, I drove deep into Terry and held it as shot after shot of cum filled her womb. This was all Terry needed to trigger an enormous orgasm of her own. Her pussy squeezed hard around my cock as her hips violently shook. Still being hard, I continued to pound her steamy hole until she had cum twice more.

The rest of the night was taken up with filling her pussy, mouth, and ass with as much cum as I could produce before collapsing next to her. Little rivulets of cum dripped from each opening as she slept.

The next morning, we fucked twice more before the both of us showered, got dressed, and ate breakfast. Terry never did get a chance to use the pajamas.

When we both returned to the office, the software upgrade had finished. After restoring all the rest of her documents, I packed up and left. As I drove down the road, I pulled the card with her phone number on it out of my pocket. She had been so pleased with the quality of the 'upgrade' she'd received, I knew I would be back on a weekly basis to keep her system purring to perfection.

My motto is "Satisfaction Guaranteed" and to date, no woman has complained about my services.