 Readers of chapter 13 of "Daughters and Fathers" will recognize that this is a part of that series, but people get tired of long series, and this can stand alone. A little background for newcomers: Lisbet knows what her husband does with their daughters (without any accusations, since she has begun to sleep with her own father and also to sleep with her brother again, as they did when they were younger). Lisbet is curious about what he does with the two girls and about what the girls do together, becoming curious enough to want to find out. Her old school friend, Randi, is just as curious, and more curious, when Lisbet tells her that she likes to suck her husband's cock, both something Randi has read about in erotic stories.

Randi is a not uncommon Norwegian girl's name. This story and the related series are placed in Norway. In the last fifty years, the name is not as popular as it once was, perhaps because more parents have learned English words that aren't taught in school, which just makes Randi's name more appropriate in this context.




During the next few weeks, between having sex with Lisbet and their daughters, he heard about the stories and more about Randi. He looked forward to Lisbet's next recital of her afternoon with Randi, now with unabashed descriptions of what they did. 

The first story she read, lying together with Randi in bed, was about two university roommates, both with boyfriends, but the story was only about what the girls did together. The next time, Randi thought they should read a story that included a man, as Lisbet quoted her: "just to prove that we like them as much." When they read about the girl sucking his cock, Lisbet couldn't help but remark softly that the author - a woman - knew what she was writing about. Randi then asked softly if Lisbet did it. She nodded.

"And you let him, ... all the way, ... in your mouth, like in the story?"

"Um-hmm, now."

"Really?!"

"Um-hmm. It tastes strange, like she says in the story."

"But you do it?"

"Now. We did before last summer, but I didn't want that to happen and always stopped before it did."

"But then you did?"

"Um-hmm. Oh, it was good, ... not the way it tastes, but that we did, letting him make it so good, like we do. It was so good, not to hold back and change positions, to know that I was making it so good for him, ... and he, for me. ... That's when our second honeymoon started."

"Oooh! You make it sound good."

"It is."

"Lucky."

"Um-hmm."

Lisbet and Randi met every other Friday and enjoyed their sex together with relish. When one of the stories mentioned arousing assholes, Lisbet admitted that she liked that, and then they did that too. Whenever the stories included a man and the woman sucked his cock, Randi always asked if Lisbet really liked it as much as the woman in the story. She always did. Randi asked timidly once if he knew about them, and was very surprised and a little embarrassed when Lisbet replied: 

"Oh yes. He thinks it is nice that I - we - know and like what he enjoys so much."

"Oh gosh! Really?"

"Um-hmm. Why not?"

"Hmm? I don't know. Just thought that he wouldn't."

The next time that Randi mentioned sucking cocks, Lisbet chuckled and asked:

"Are you curious? Want me to lend him to you?"

Randi looked very surprised, but didn't shake her head or say no, just changed the subject.



That evening at home, Lisbet mentioned Randi's recurring curiosity about cock-sucking. He replied: 

"If you tell her how much you like it."

"Um-hmm."

"Hmm?! You want her to find out? You want to lend me to her to try it?"

"Hmm. That's what I did ask her. ... She didn't say no."

"You really would? You want me to?"

"Hmm? I didn't really think about it, when I told her that. ... Would you?"

"Hmm! ... If you wanted me to. ... Of course, it would feel good."

"Of course! ... You would like her, good figure still."

"Like yours."

"Better, nice firm breasts."

"Hmm? You want me to."

"If she does."

"Hmm? ... Hmm! ... You'll have to ask her."

"And you would?"

"What are you going to do? Just watch?"

"Hm-hmm! You told me that the girls don't just watch, ... or if one of them does, doesn't 'just watch'."

"Hmm? If you want to, if Randi wants to."

"If I ask her again ...."



The next time Lisbet was with Randi, Randi mentioned cock-sucking without any reference to a story, and Lisbet replied: 

"If you are curious, you know I like it; want to try it?"

"With whom?"

"With him. I asked before if you wanted me to lend him to you."

"Really?! Are you serious?! You want to let me do that to your husband?"

"He said it would feel good."

"You told him?!!"

"Why not? Had to ask if he would."

"Oh God! This is crazy!"

"Just a little."

"You can say that! ... You really would? He really would?!"

"If you wanted to. Told him you are attractive."

"Thanks. ... I don't know."

"Only one way to find out."

"You want me to, want us to?"

"If you want to."

"Hmm?! ... Oh, I am curious, but with whom? ... You really mean it?"

"If you want to."

"Oh gosh! I don't know. ... I guess I want to, ... but.... He really would? You would?"

"If you want to."

"Hmm?! ... Let's talk about this next time."



At home in bed, Lisbet answered her husband's question: 

"She wants to, just can't say yes."

"You want us to?"

"If she - if you both - want to?"

"Hmm?! ... If you want us to. ... Hmm? Can't think of a reason why I shouldn't."

"I can't either."

Two weeks later, after another weekend of sex with his daughters and Lisbet's nights with her father and brother, Lisbet told him: 

"She wants to, ... if you still do?"

"Hmm? She just changed her mind, told you that she wanted to? Just like that?"

"Umm? Not quite; I had to ask her again, and assure her that you did."

"Hmm? You really want us to, want me to."

"I want her to know how good that is, too."

"I hope she thinks it is."

"She will; she wants to, and she likes everything else."

"I hope so."

During the next week, they told the girls that they had been invited to a dinner party the next Friday evening, responding to the girls' smiles with a comment about hoping they would also enjoy themselves. The girls assured them that they would, not suppressing mild smirks. As he and Lisbet were going to bed that evening, he remarked with a smirk: 

"At least they know how good their evening will be."

"Um-hmm, but ours will be, too. I called her today. She wants to serve dinner."

"Well, at least we know that will happen."

That weekend, Lisbet was visiting her parents as usual, and he and the girls slept together, Saturday night after they returned from dates to just a movie.

Friday evening, he and Lisbet dressed more formally and as they departed assured the girls that they wouldn't be home before midnight. As they left the house, he remarked: 

"I wonder if their friends are waiting around the corner."

"You think so? Both of them?"

"Maybe, probably; that is what happened the time I visited your parents."

"They told you? Well, of course. Both of them?! All in their room?"

"Um-hmm, ... but it wasn't an orgy, just two couples in the same room."

"Hmm! ... Oh, that's all right, then?"

"Better than one of them using our bed, and letting her friend think we're that liberal."

"Hmm! As though we aren't."

They snorted with wry smirks and drove to Lisbet's place on the other side of town. On the way, he asked: 

"Are we really going to do this? It's going to be very strange meeting her, knowing what she wants to do."

"She thinks so, too. Talked to her again today."

"That's two of us. What about you? Just going to watch?"

"Hmm? Maybe do what you told about the girls."

"Hmm? Does Randi know?"

"We haven't talk about that, but it happens in those stories."

"So she could think so?"

"At least, it wouldn't entirely surprise her."

"Hmm?! ... I hope I like her."

"You will. She's got a nice pussy, too."

"And firm breasts. ... Oh? What does her pussy have to do with it?"

"Oh? Well, I always want you then to do it to me, too."

"And you want me to?!"

"Wouldn't you? She would, if doing it to you arouses her like it does me."

"Hmm? But maybe not, if she discovers she doesn't like it."

"I doubt that; the girls in the stories all like it, and she knows that I do."

"I hope so. And you want me to do it to her, really?"

"I guess so; just seems natural. I've been assuming we would do more then just that."

"'Just seems natural,' my wife telling me that she want's me to do it to her girlfriend."

"Oh, you will want to: nice pussy, smaller, tighter than mine."

"Hmm?! I should know that, too?! I've never complained."

"But I bet the girls' are, too."

"I've never complained."

"Hm-hmm! But my brother. Oh, he didn't complain, just mentioned that he remembered that it had been tighter."

"Hmm! Of course, when you were a teenager."

Then they were at Randi's place. As they rang the doorbell, he muttered: "Going to be strange."

Randi opened the door and greeted them. He felt himself blush slightly as they shook hands and thought that she did too. When they were in the living room, all smiling a little self-consciously, she remarked: 

"I've fixed an oven dinner, so it doesn't matter when we eat."

"Good idea," Lisbet replied. 

He just nodded, wondering if Randi was suggesting or expecting that he would suggest that they do it before eating. Randi gave Lisbet a smile and then glanced at him and said: 

"Maybe would should have something to drink first, ... to break the ice."

"Also a good idea," he agreed immediately.

"Beer, wine, aquavit?"

"Aquavit for me," he replied.

"For me, too," Lisbet agreed, giving him a slight smirk.

"Then for me, too," Randi agreed, giving him a more relaxed smile, adding: 

"please sit down," as she turned to go to the kitchen.

She returned from the kitchen with a tablet and three glasses and a frosty bottle. She asked him to open the bottle, which was still sealed, suggesting to him that she had bought it for the evening, anticipating correctly that they all needed something stronger to break the ice. He handed her the bottle for her to pour, their hands touching. Without asking, she poured generous portions in all the glasses. When they had taken them, she offered "skaal," and the others responded, and they all drank. Only Lisbet needed to raise her glass a second time to empty it. As they smiled at each other again, he felt that he finally had to say something, the obvious first: 

"Thank you for inviting us for dinner. ... Lisbet said that you went to school together."

"Yes, but we know each other a lot better now, ... as you know."

"Um-hmm. ... I think that is nice."

"I'm glad you do. Kind of funny how that happened."

"Very, surprised me."

"But it was your idea," Lisbet remarked, adding: "Telling me that."

"What did you tell her?"

"Hmm! ... This is a little embarrassing, ... that she would probably like doing it as much as I do."

The women both snorted softly, exchanging glances, and then Lisbet replied: 

"He was right."

"You were," Randi agreed, giving him a wry smile.

He suddenly envisaged her lips around his cock, thinking that his wife had been right: that he would like her - and her firm breasts. Was she wearing a bra, did she need to wear one? She wasn't, her nipples evident when she notice that he glanced at them. When his eyes returned to her face, she smiled slightly again and asked: 

"Anyone want a refill; I do."

They all had a slightly smaller second aquavit, saying "skaal" together and drinking, even Lisbet emptying her glass with one gulp. They exchanged more relaxed smiles, all snorting softly. After a moment, Randi repeated: 

"You were right. ... Thank you for making her curious. ... I was already, ... a little."

"From the stories? Lisbet says they are good."

"She told you? Yes, very good. The authoress obviously knows what she is writing about."

"And writes about it well," Lisbet added.

"Um-hmm. We discovered that."

Randi and Lisbet exchanged smiles with a nod.

"Nice that you were also curious," he remarked.

"After reading those stories? Of course, who wouldn't be?"

"Unless they had already done everything in the stories," Lisbet remarked, just glancing at him with her eyes.

Randi snorted softly, nodding slightly as she gave him a bashful little smile. Again, he felt that they both blushed slightly. She looked back at Lisbet and remarked softly, almost in a whisper: 

"You have."

Lisbet nodded and after a moment replied just as softly: 

"And you are still curious."

Randi's cheeks flushed, but she nodded, then glancing at him.

"If you want to," he murmured.

He was surprised by his response, but liking it and that the aquavit had helped break the ice. Randi was still blushing, but nodded very slightly, looking in his eyes. He murmured again: 

"If you want to."

Randi snorted and gave a small, wry smile and nodded again, and then snorted more sharply with a broad, wry smile and replied: 

"I've been wondering for days how I was going to admit that I do."

"Me too, how this all was going to be. ... Hm-hmm! Thanks for the aquavit."

"I needed it."

"Me too."

They almost grinned at each other. He didn't need her rubbing her hand over her aroused nipples to call his attention to them. She smiled wryly and murmured: 

"You were supposed to notice them."

"Oh, I did. Lisbet said they are nice and firm."

"Hmm?! You told him that?"

"That he would like you. Don't you?" Lisbet added, glancing at him."

"Oh yes, from the moment you opened the door, just too confused to think about it then."

"Me too, 'confused'," Randi agreed softly.

They smiled at each other, silent for a moment, as her again aroused nipples caught his eyes, and her eyes dropped down to his lap. Their eyes met again, and they both smiled shyly. After a moment; she murmured: 

"I said I wanted to."

"Um-hmm. I do too."

There was a short pause, their lips twitching. He again envisaging hers around his cock, as he wondered how they were going to get from sitting in the living room in their clothes.  Then she said softly: 

"In some of the stories, they start by taking a shower together."

"Like we did," Lisbet quickly enjoined.

"You didn't tell me that, but a good idea," he agreed.

They all nodded slightly, exchanging glances, just the ends of their lips twitching up. After a moment, Randi shrugged and looked at Lisbet, raising her eyebrows and tilting her head towards to her bedroom. Lisbet nodded, glancing at him as she moved her feet to stand up. Randi nodded, and they all stood up. Randi shrugged again with a slightly silly expression. As she gestured towards her bedroom, she murmured: 

"Funny, strange, ... I guess so."

"Um-hmm, rather," he agreed. As he followed her, he adding: 

"Only if you want to."

"I said so," she replied. 

Then the three of them were in her bedroom, exchanging slightly bemused expressions. It was obvious that Randi in just a dress and panties had less to take off, less than Lisbet's skirt and blouse, and his jacket, shirt and trousers. He shrugged and took off his jacket. Lisbet took it from him and hung it over the chair with obvious familiarity of the surroundings. When she began to loosen her skirt, he began to unbutton his shirt, and Randi reached back and unzipped her dressed, for a moment tightening it over her erect nipples. Then they were less apparent. Lisbet stepped out of her skirt and draped it over his jacket, and he hung his shirt on a corner of the back of the chair.

As Lisbet began to unbutton her blouse, Randi kicked off her sandals and with a snort and smirk reached under her dress and pulled down her panties, tossing them on the seat of the chair. He stepped out of his loafers and opened his trousers, smirking slightly at Randi, as he took them off and revealed his jockey shorts. She smirked back, watching him put his trousers on the chair. She had reached up to slip her dress off her shoulders, but waited for Lisbet to take off her blouse. She tossed it on the chair, and reached back to unhook her bra. 

As it slipped down her arms, he remarked: 

"Still pretty firm," and sat down on the bed to take off his socks. 

"Not like Randi's," she replied, giving Randi a smile, as she began to take off her panties. He stood up and began to push down his shorts, waiting for Randi to take off her dress.

"Too funny," she murmured in response and let her dress slip off her shoulders.

Lisbet didn't see it catch for an instant on Randi's stiff nipples, since she was tossing her underwear on the chair, but he did, smiling at her as he let his shorts drop. She returned his smile, maybe more of a grin, as she stepped out of her dress. If she was blushing, he didn't notice; his eyes focused on her aroused nipples and obviously firm breasts, from the way they moved when she tossed her dress at the chair. His quick glance down at her pubic hair let him appreciate that it let her skin show through it. When he looked back up at Randi's face, he saw her eyes rise and thought that maybe she was blushing a little from his having caught her looking at his cock. As they both smirked slightly, he was glad that it was a little aroused - more for her to see; a suggestion that not just her nipples were responding to what they were doing. He resisted the urge to loosen the skin of his sack from his thighs and remarked:  

"The first naked girl I've seen since we married."

"Just not counting our daughters, ... I hope," Lisbet replied.

He blushed slightly, managing to reply: 

"When they were little, of course. Oh, and when they weren't so little, at the cabin."

Randi and Lisbet snorted with nods, Lisbet giving him a wink. Randi didn't notice; her eyes had returned to his cock. Her eyes returned to his, which had been looking at her breasts and patch of pubic hair. When they met, they both smirked again.

"Shower," Lisbet reminded them. Under the shower, she handed him the soap and said: 

"You go first." 

Obviously, they both didn't need to be washed, so he immediately started with her breasts, and they both snorted, smiling at each other, when he played with her stiff nipples. She chuckled when his soapy hand slid down to her pussy, and spread her thighs to let his fingers slip between them. When his other hand slid down between the cheeks of her ass, she snorted with a slight nod, and when his fingers rubbed her asshole, she gave an only slightly surprised "oooh!" and remarked: 

"I guess so. Of course, we do, and they do in the stories."

"Um-hmm, feels good."

"Hmm! Like in the stories, same for both."

"Um-hmm."

"Now my turn."

She took the soap from him and lathered his chest. As she re-soaped her hands, she murmured: 

"And now. ... Hmm? I can't remember holding one that wasn't ..., well, you know."

"Hmm! Standing up?"

"Um-hmm," she agreed, glancing up at him with a smirk, as her hands slid down and fondled his cock and balls. His cock began to rise, and she chuckled and remarked:

"More like I remember, and looked down, snorting as she watched her hands, then suddenly asking: "Where is Lisbet?"

He glanced over her shoulder, giving his wife a grin, and replied: 

"Sitting on the toilet. Hm-hmm! Hoping or wondering if your doing it right. You are."

Lisbet nodded with a grin and held her breast and pussy. As Randi soaped her hands again, she asked: 

"What's she going to do, ... you know?"

"While we are?"

"Um-hmm."

"It's all her idea. ... Maybe what she's doing now."

Randi looked around and snorted, murmuring: 

"I guess so."

Then one of her soapy hands slid down in his crevice, and she murmured: 
