 I knew he most likely would not be able to get away. The house would be extremely quiet tonight - perfect night for a bubble bath I decided.

The water was hot and the bubbles were almost going over the sides. I slid down until the water was up to my neck, closing my eyes - fully relaxed and thinking of him.

The sound of the front door opening startled me - who would be coming in?? I looked up and saw his smiling face...."You made it?"

"Take your bath for me baby" he replied while kneeling on the floor against the tub.

He watched as I soaped my shoulders and neck then ran my hands over my breasts and down my stomach. My hand disappeared in the water, he watched as my knees raised, my eyes close and my head leaned back resting on the back of the tub. My heart pounded as he watched me start to writhe and softly moan. Standing up he undressed and got in behind me, kissing the back of my neck and bringing the bubbles under my breasts, caressing and teasing my nipples, feeling them slip easily through his fingertips.

I leaned back against him and was instantly overwhelmed by the total relaxation I felt when he was close to me. I could feel him snuggle back against me, I laid on my head on his shoulder. He kissed my temple as he continued to squeeze and massage my breasts. 

With my hand I guided him, showing him how hard he should press and how fast he should rub. I could feel my body responding to his touches almost immediately, and as his fingers ran back and forth across my clit, my legs opened and my body trembled against him. My head pressed against his shoulder as I began to writhe against his fingers, my hips jerking and pressing my clit harder against his fingertips. He kissed and bit at my neck gently as I moaned and squirmed against his fingers. Faster and faster he rubbed, his fingers slipping easily across my clit until my body began shuddering and I began crying, "....oh my god, baby, I am going to cum." He increased the pressure of his fingertips and could feel my body shaking against him as I gave in to the intense pleasure of orgasm.

He continued rubbing at my clit, bringing me to the peak again, loving that he could bring me so much pleasure. Finally, after what seemed like a blissful eternity, he stopped and held me in his arms, my body shaking still from cumming over and over. I laid back against him, my arms laced with his until my breathing slowed to normal. Kissing my neck, he whispered "Did you enjoy that?" 

In response to his question, I turned in his arms, both of us slippery with bubbles, elbows and knees thrashing about as we settled into a new position, me in his lap facing him, my legs around his waist. He pulled me close and held me, my breasts smashed against his chest. He took my head in his hands, pulling me forward into a passionate and intense kiss. 

I was pulling back off his lap, my hands dipping under the water in front of him, and circling around his stiff cock. My hands slid along the shaft of it, teasing him, pulling it and sliding my thumb across the tip, stroking it gently, and slowly, until I feel him start to respond and press upward into my hand. I pulled myself forward and slipped his cock into the lips of my pussy. 

He was definitely in the mood to fuck but I wanted to prolong it - teasing him. The lips of my cunt pulling against the shaft of his cock. My pussy clenching and holding his cock, the lips of it barely covering the tip. He tried to press deeper into me, wanting to press further inside. 

Every time his hips would press against me, I would pull back, never allowing him to slide fully in. 

As I kissed him, I would slowly inch my way onto his engorged cock. My pussy clenching around it, slipping a little more inside each time I pressed forward. Finally with one swift and startling lunge, he buried his cock inside me. 

My body grinding against him, the hot water sloshing around us as he pressed his body to mine and began sliding it in and out of me. He slammed his cock into me over and over, kissing my neck, my fingers digging into his back until I could feel my pussy swelling. I screamed out loud - the feeling too intense to hold in - pressing into him, clinging against his wet body. 

His cock swelling within my hot pussy, filling it with cum as I arched up into him, fucking him harder. My hands on his shoulders now, pushing myself onto his cock as I could feel a steady stream of his cum spraying into me. 

Finally we slowed, our bodies still moving together, both of us crushed against one another, holding tight. I took his face in my hands, and kissed his forehead, kissed each eye, with my forehead resting against his, I looked into his eyes - looking at the sheer passion reflecting in them. Kissing his neck and shoulder, I ran my hands up and down his back, bringing cupped handfuls of warm water and trickling it down his back. 

I climbed from the tub and stood before him as he dried my body, his hands exploring me, running over my chest and shoulders. He pressed his warm, naked body to mine as he brought the towel around behind me.

Together we left the bathroom, soap bubbles gone now, but the haze of passion still thick in the air.