 Ted took the box down off of the shelf in the garage. He didn't realize he had so much stuff until he started to sort through it. He hated cleaning the garage but it had to be done. Sorting through the box he found a few things to keep and he threw the rest away. 

It was a typical Saturday, neighbors out working in their yards. Ted had the garage door open to let in some air. It was pretty warm outside. He could see his neighbor across the street washing and waxing his car. It was a nice quiet neighborhood. The houses sat at least one acre apart if not more, that's one reason he and Patti had wanted this house. The neighbors were nice enough but pretty much stayed to themselves. 

Their best friends Jack and Kate had bought the house next door a few months earlier. Ted and Patti and Jack and Kate had similar taste and they all liked to swap and share each other. The four of them had planned a get together this weekend but Jack suddenly got called out of town and Kate went with him. So it was just the two of them home alone. Patti was doing housework and Ted decided he needed to get the garage done. He had planned on doing it but just kept putting it off.

Satisfied her house looked perfect Patti put all of the cleaning supplies away, she went in and took a quick shower. Getting out of the shower she shivered from the cold air from the air conditioning. She started to dry herself off. "Looks like the girls are cold." she said as she pinched her hard nipples. "The Girls" were Patti and Ted's nickname for her tits. She caressed her nipples, gave them a little twist. "Oh yeah." she said thinking she needed some play time with her man. She dried off and slipped into a Red lacy Teddy, grabbed her Silk robe and headed to the garage.

Ted had the radio tuned to an oldies station they were playing classic music from the 70's and 80's.

He looked up and saw Patti standing in the doorway. Patti didn't say one word, she just stood there.

"Hi babe." he said as she walked into the garage. She walked over to him, standing on tip toe she kissed him. He could tell she had just gotten out of the shower, he could smell the strawberry body wash she used. He bent down and kissed her back. "Somebody taste good." he said.

"Are you almost finished?" she asked making sure he noticed she was wearing the red lace Teddy under her robe.

Ted did notice what she was wearing, he did like to see her in that. He returned to the box he was going through. "Damn!" he thought as he looked at her, "She sure does know how to make me want her." She had been dropping hints all morning she was horny, bending over just enough for him to get a quick look at her tits.

"Not quite, I didn't realize how much junk I had." he said as he grabbed another box and started to sort through it. "Are you alright?" he asked, wondering if she was okay.

"I'm fine." she said watching him, she wondered how did she ever get so lucky to be with him.

They had been separated for many years and had reconnected on the internet. They had fallen in love all over again. 

"You can talk to me baby if something is bothering you." Ted reassured her as he went over pulled her into his arms, "Talk to me." he tells her, worried about her. She seemed to be in some kind of mood, he just didn't know which one. "Come on kiddo, out with it."

"Well..." she started to say as he kissed her again. " The girls are missing you baby." she said as she played with the buttons on his shirt.

"They are huh?" he said as he kissed her neck.

"Well, when I took a shower and I stepped out I got cold." she said looking up at him.

"Here let me warm you up." he said as he started to rub her back.

"I like that." she said as she let her robe fall open. Patti snuggled up against his chest, and he put his arms around her. "I could stay like this forever." she tells him wrapping her arms around him.

"You could huh?" he asked, kissing the top of her head, then bending down to nibble on her earlobe. That would drive her wild. Ted felt her hold him tighter, he kissed her with passion. Damn! She did know how to get him off track, she reached for the buttons of his shirt.

Patti started to unbutton his shirt taking her time. "What do you have in mind little girl?" Ted asks as he takes a hold of her hands.

"I want to make you feel really,really good." she tells him as she reaches up and plays with his nipples. He gasps as she licks his right nipple, sucking on it. "Mm-mm." she moans.

"The neighbors are outside." he whispers, liking how it feels. She really will play anytime and anyplace. "Baby?" he asks wondering just what she has in mind. The garage door was open and the neighbors were right across the street.

Patti continued to suck gently on his nipples, going from one to the other. He had to admit he did like the feelings. No other woman had ever done that for him. She reached lower and unbuckled his belt and unzipped his jeans. He took her face into both of his hands and kissed her hard and deep. He was starting to get turned on. She had started this but he was going to finish it. 

She reached inside of his undies and stroked his cock, she loved the feeling of his cock getting hard for her. "Let's go inside." he tells her as she gets on her knees in front of him. She pulls his jeans and undies down to his ankles. "Hon, the neighbors." he said in protest. It's not that he didn't want her, he was worried about what the neighbors could see or hear.

"We're behind the car, please baby?" she said wanting to lick his cock, feel him getting hard in her mouth. She stroked his cock, looking up at him. "Please?"

For some reason he could never tell her no. She did have one wild imagination and that was a reason their love life was so great. She would come up with some hot ideas. "Alright baby, go for it." he told her.

Patti slowly stroked his cock, looking up at him. It made her hot knowing she could make him feel good. One thing she did take care of him in every way, in and out of the bedroom. She moaned as she licked his cock all over, nibbling on it. 

"Yeah." Ted told her, for some reason when she licked his cock it was if it were the very first time.

He loved the feeling of her licking and stroking his cock, hearing her moan. She licked her way to his balls, sucking them into her mouth one at a time.

"You are such a bad girl." he tells her as she continues to suck him. "But, I do like the way you're bad."

Patti let his cock slip out of her mouth, "I will always be your bad girl." she said licking his cock again. "You're gonna have to punish me." she said looking up at him.

"Fuck!" he said as he felt her lick the head of his cock, flicking her tongue across the sensitive head. He was in Heaven and she knew how to take him there.

He stroked her hair, loving the way she was making him feel. The garage could wait, she had him going now. She suddenly took his cock deep in her mouth, sucking on it, in and out of her hot,wet mouth. "Yeah." he gasped as she took him deeper.

"Don't stop." he said with a moan, she was the best cock sucker. She never failed to please him. She never turned him down. She was always willing to play.

"You are such a slut baby girl, sucking me with the garage door open." he said but he was loving it. There was the excitement of possibly getting caught, it turned him on even more. Ted started to slowly fuck her mouth, pushing his hard dick in and out of her mouth as he grasped her hair.

All Patti could do was moan around the cock in her mouth. She was so horny but this was for him. She wanted to take care of him without asking for anything in return. She wanted to please him and make him cum. She loved the feeling of him holding her hair in his hands as he fucked her mouth. She was his little slut, she would be anything he wanted her to be.

"Stand up." he told her helping her to her feet. "Bend over the hood of the car." Ted untied her robe and pulled it off of her, she was wearing that sexy red teddy he loved to see her in.

Patti did as she was told,he reached out and grabbed both of her ass cheeks in his hands and squeezed them. Just his touch made her pussy wet, she could feel the wetness between her legs.

"We have to be quiet." he warned her, he didn't want the neighbors to hear them fucking.

Ted glanced around making sure nobody could see them. The coast was clear as far as he could tell. He reached under her and felt how wet she was. "Some little girl is horny." he said as he rubbed her pussy through the red lace.

"Is my baby girl horny?" he asked as he unsnapped the teddy between her legs.

"Yes." she moaned as she felt his fingers on her wet slit.

"Answer me, are you horny?" he asked her again.

"Yes, I'm so horny baby." she said as she untied the bodice of her teddy and

took her tits out. She rubbed and pinched her hard nipples.

"Good, because I'm going to fuck you." he whispered in her ear as he kissed the side of her neck. "You want my dick baby?" he said as he slid one then two fingers in her pussy. 

She gasped as he started to finger fuck her, God it felt so good when he did that. She pushed back against his hand wanting his fingers deeper inside of her.

"Yeah, nice tight pussy." he said as he looked around making sure nobody was watching. "Spread your legs baby." he told her wanting to get as deep inside of her as he could. 

Patti spread her legs as far apart as she could, moaning wanting him to fuck her hard. "Yes, harder." she begged him.

Ted fucked her hard, slowly taking his time. Damn her pussy was so tight around his fingers. He took his fingers away and licked her wetness.

"Mm-mm, yummy." he said as he pushed his fingers back inside of her fucking her hard and fast. 

Patti was in heaven, loving the feelings he was giving her. "Please,don't stop."

He was pounding her pussy, feeling how tight she was. In and out he finger fucked her.

Patti was moaning and starting to shake, he knew the signs of when she was getting close to cumming.

Ted didn't want her to cum yet, if she was going to cum he wanted her to cum with his cock buried in her pussy. "Not yet, don't you dare cum yet." he warned her. He pulled away from her and taking a chance he pulled his jeans and undies off. "Come here." he ordered her taking her by the hand and he pushed her down to her knees again. "Suck me." he ordered her.

Patti reached up and stroked his hard cock, she loved the taste. She licked his balls, taking them into her mouth, gently sucking on them. Ted held her down as she sucked him as if she had never sucked before. 

"Just like that, yeah." he said as he kept a watch out for neighbors. They didn't need anyone walking up on them. She was licking and sucking his balls in and out of her mouth. If there was one thing she could do, it was suck cock. 

Patti reached for his cock and she stroked him. She nibbled her way up his cock, tasting per-cum, sucking it into her mouth.

"Do it baby girl, suck that cock." he tells her as he pushes his cock deeper into her mouth. She grabs him around his waist and sucks him hard and deep. She loved to suck his cock. She fucked his hard dick with her mouth, wanting to make him cum. She loved the taste of his cum in her mouth. 

"Over here." he tells her as he pulls her off of his cock. He helps her up and walks her over to a waist high counter in the back of the garage. "Up you go." he said as he helped her sit on the counter. "Spread em'" he tells her as he stands between her legs.

Patti spreads her legs as far apart as she can. Ted bends down and takes her left nipple into his mouth sucking on it as he pinches the other one. She gasps as he bites down on her sensitive nipple. "Yes,yes." she whispers to him as he continues to suck her nipple.

He grabs her lace teddy and pulls it up above her waist,he has to have her now. He wants to feel his cock inside of her wet, tight pussy. He looks into her eyes, kisses her deeply and pushes his cock inside of her with one hard thrust.

"I love you." he tells her as he starts to fuck her. Holding her legs back he gives her his cock, slow and steady. 

"I have always loved you." he tells her as he takes her tits into his hands as he fucks her.

"I love you." she tells him as she wraps her legs around his waist and pulls him deeper inside of her. "I want to make you cum."

"Oh you will." he assures her as he speeds up his thrusts, in and out he fucks her. Pulling away from her slightly, he holds her legs back and open. He wants to see her pussy when she cums. "Yes, such a tight,wet pussy baby." he tells her as he bends down and kisses her deeply.

Patti is so turned on, she had just wanted to take care of him and satisfy him. She loved the feel of him fucking her, hearing him talk to her as they made love. She moans louder as he pounds into her. "Do it, fuck me." she begs him.

Ted is so turned on, the possibility of getting caught adding to the excitement. "You like my cock baby girl?" he asks her as he rams his cock into her over and over again.

"I love it baby," she whispers as she grabs his arms, holding onto him. 

Ted can tell it won't be long before he'll be filling her pussy with cum. His cock is so hard and throbbing. He can tell she is getting close, moaning, shaking,begging him to pound her.

"Harder fuck me harder." she begs him. She loves being like this, spread open so he can go as deep as he can. Just knowing the neighbors are across the street makes it so hot for her. She wondered if the neighbors could hear her moaning and begging to be fucked. Patti reached down and pinched her nipples hard, twisting them. "Oh yeah, don't stop baby."

"I'm not gonna stop, I'm too close now." he said as he rammed into her wet pussy over and over again. Not much longer and he'd be filling her pussy with cum.

She loved to fuck and she wasn't ashamed to say so. She was his little whore-slut anytime and anyplace. "Yes, baby yes!" she exclaimed when she knew she was on the edge of cumming. She wanted to feel him cumming inside of her at the same time. "I'm gonna cum, yes, please don't stop fucking me." she pleads.

"Never gonna stop baby girl." he says knowing he's going to cum. His cock is rock hard and throbbing ready to give her his cum. 

Patti is rubbing herself as hard and as fast as she can, feeling her climax right there, she was so close. "Gonna cum,gonna cum." she moans as she can feel herself climax and her pussy tighten around his hard cock. She moans and shakes as she climaxes around his cock.

"Do it yeah, cum all over my cock." he moans loudly as he holds his dick inside of her. "Gonna cum baby, fuck, cumming, yeah gonna fill your pussy." he tells her as he explodes inside of her. "Take my cum, take it!" Ted says as he feels spurt after spurt filling her up.