 I fell asleep with Jane on my right; my back was facing her. We had been great friends for a long time, but we weren't doing something intimate; we were both attending a convention and we tried to save money by sharing a room, and it only happened to have one queen sized bed. The night was hot, so the comforter was on the floor; the thing cotton sheet formed a courtesy blanket.

During the night, Jane kicked my calve and me from my slumber. I opened my right eye--an act almost useless in the dim light. Fortunately, my senses of smell and hearing are very acute; I smelled sweat and heard heavy breathing. With my back still toward her, I slowly turned my head and used my peripheral vision. I saw the silhouette of Jane.

Her knees were bent up, lifting the sheet up and creating a small cavern between her legs. I could see the outline of her left arm--specifically two of her fingers entering her partially open mouth. Her other arm disappeared under the sheet; the cotton embossed around it as a trail to where her hand was hard at work. I noticed her rocking on the bed. I nearly gagged: she thought I was asleep, and she was masturbating in the bed we were sharing!

I must've made a noise--or withheld a noise, I noticed I was holding my breath--because she suddenly paused and turned her head to look at me. "Wanna give me a hand?" My dick leapt into attention like a guilty child caught with his hand in the cookie jar.

"You're my best friend," was all I could say.

"And you've always helped me out before."

I didn't respond. Instead I put my head back down and tried to go back to sleep.

Jane seemed disappointed, but instead of going to sleep herself, she redoubled her efforts. I smiled; that was just like her: when she doesn't get her way, she goes about acting as if she died. She let out a low moan, "Mmmmmm." She started to buck into her right hand; the bed was really moving now. I caught myself thinking, "How many digits is she fucking right now?"

After a few minutes, the sheet moved a bit. I risked a peek. Jane was on her stomach, or she would've been if her knees weren't braced beneath her. The sheet had slid down and rested over her calves. She was facing away from me with her head almost buried in her pillow. She was massaging her pussy rocking forward. I rolled over and face my whole body towards her. My throbbing prick sent painful pleas to my brain for escape from my shorts. I could smell the aroma of her sex permeating the room. For the first time I realized just how sexy and attractive Jane was.

I slowly reached out my left hand for her. I caressed her ass, and slid my middle finger into her anus up to the second joint. Jane is lucky I keep my fingernails short and smooth. She gasped and her hole clamped down on my digit like a vice. She moved her head to face me. I expected to find an angry mask, but I was surprised to see what looked like a smile. "I knew you would cave," Jane said; her anus relaxed and I probed a little deeper. "Huhhhh..." she murmured. She moved her right palm from her pussy and gripped the mattress to anchor herself down. As I gave her a dry enema with my left hand, I removed my shorts with my right. My dick immediately thanked me for its freedom by quieting its complaining. After a few minutes, I started to withdraw my finger from her ass hole. My effort was rewarded by a satisfied moan.

"Your turn, Jonny."

"Not yet," I said as I rolled her onto her back. "I want to play with you a bit more before we get to business. And I do my best work with my other hand."

I climbed over her and let my erection drag over her sweltering vulva on the way. Jane tried to thrust herself onto me from below but I quickly pinned her down by her belly button. "All in good time Jane." I dragged my palm down over her unkempt pubic hair to the burning desire. My index and middle fingers burrowed into her cunt. I lightly brushed her clit and pulled out a bit. Like a puppet on a string, she raised up to maintain contact between her sex and my fingers. "Don't let up you son of a bitch," she said breathlessly. For a second I followed her instructions, but then I indirectly lifted her up again. She was doing a reverse pushup; her body arched into the air. After she was levitating six inches in the air I let her go back down to the bed.

"Now the fun really begins," I warned her. I guided her onto her left side and moved in a little closer. Almost in a spooning position I started to finger her with sincerity. I wanted to figure out just how deep her flower went before I tried to plant anything. "Oooooo," she groaned. Again I teased her as I tried to pull my hand away. She was ready this time though: her right hand darted down and pushed my palm back into position. My eyes bolted open and I hopped forward. The middle of my shaft rubbed against her crack while the tip hung between her thighs. She turned her head to the side; a smile was on her face. Then something grabbed the head of my penis. Jane had turned the tables on me.

"Are you done playing?" she asked.

I took my wet fingers away from her crotch and placed then on her hand. My moist digits lead her hand, which in turn guided my dick into her pussy from behind.

It was hot. It raged like an inferno. On entry, it felt like my cock would go up in flames. I lifted myself up a bit and kissed her full lips over her shoulder. My slick right hand drifted up her silky skin to cup her breast. Our hips start to slowly rock, sway, and rotate. The sensation threatened to knock me out. All that kept my mind in the present was the foreign hand now running over the back of my head. My eyes had closed themselves, but I reopened them. I kissed her cheek and slowly make a trail to her neck. From my new vantage I could see everything: her gorgeous breasts, seductive belly button, and—most importantly—where we were connected. It was wonderful. As I was taken over by the rhythm of our bodies pumping, my eyelids fell over again.

Then they shot back open. I had exploded inside of Jane. I tried to get out of her, but again her vice grip held me there. "Don't stop! I'm on the pill!" she shouted. So I kept fucking her from behind. My left hand had moved underneath her and I was now massaging both of her amazing breasts. My lips ran over her shoulder and neck. I peeked down to see what kind of mess I made and I spied that she was rubbing the top of her pussy while I pumped from below/behind.

I grinned and rolled onto my back, and I brought Jane with me. I pushed her up so she was straddling my waist facing away from me. I slid my hands to her hips and started to guide her pelvis. Jane didn't need direction; she had already started sliding forward and back on my cock. She was really grinding in. Jane signaled her pleasure with a long moan. My left thumb rubbed her deflowered ass hole before I pushed my index finger in. I fucked her from below and fingered her from behind. Her silhouette quivered and nearly collapsed. I took out my finger.

She spun around on my dick and faced me. Lower and lower she leaned before she planted a sweaty kiss on my lips. Our foreheads rested on each other's. "That was great, again tomorrow night?" she asked. "How about now?" I was still hard, and she was still on me. She answered me with a kiss and a hump. "This time, I'm on top though," I stipulated. And we rolled back into the middle of the bed.

Her legs wrapped around my hips, and locked together at her ankles. Now her pelvis was truly exposed. I plowed into her like I was going to die. I kissed her again and lifted up so that my shaft would come out. As I was almost all the way out, Jane pulled me back down with her legs. She gasped. I kissed her cheek and whispered into her ear, "Are you okay?" Jane didn't answer so I tried to dismount her. Her arms sprang up and pulled me back down. We fucked into the night.

I woke up the next morning with Jane lying in my arms. The sheet was gone from the bed. Our bodies salty with sweat. She was still asleep, so I just looked over her body. I got my arm free from her embrace and moved down her form. I spread her legs apart and kissed her groin. I explored the slit my dick had probed the night before. It wasn't long before I felt her hands running through my sweaty hair. I moved her thighs around to rest on my shoulders. I dipped my nose into her pussy; it and my tongue did a tag team on her sex. It smelled great from outside, but inside it was even better. I buried my face in her crotch. She bucked into my face and rolled me over. Jane started humping my face into the mattress. I was in heaven. For the third time I examined her ass, but this time I didn't enter; I did notice it was rather relaxed.

When Jane finally dismounted my face, she looked at me. She kissed my wet face, and rubbed my erection. I hadn't noticed it hard. "Your turn now."

"Alright, but I get to choose how." I positioned her on her belly and slid my dick into her ass.

"Slower," she coaxed, and I did. Once I was in, I humped her. To add to the list of surprises, Jane met my down thrusts with her own reverse thrust up. She did a half pushup and we were on our knees. I cupped her breast with one hand, rubbed her pussy with the other, and kissed her neck. We fucked again in the mildly lit room for what felt like forever before I exploded into her ass.

We collapsed into a gasping embrace similar to our position when I woke up. She turned over and kissed me, and we fell asleep in each others' arms.

------------------------

You've just read J. "File Not Found" E.'s first erotic story. I hope you enjoyed it, I know I enjoyed writing it. Acquaintance to Sex is based on a dream I had once. Jane wasn't really the name of the girl, in fact she had no name. So I named her "Jane Doe."