 I awoke slowly, stretching lazily. It was only 6am so I curled up and tried to go back to sleep, but thoughts of last night began creeping into my mind. Turning over I ignored the thoughts, or tried to. It's Saturday morning, I didn't want to wake up. However, thoughts of sucking David off as he drove home from dinner the night before were firmly lodged in my mind. My nipples were getting hard, as more and more memories poured into my mind. Squirming around, I could feel the familiar tingling beginning between my legs. 

I started to gently rub my clit, I could almost hear the way he moaned as I ran my hand up the inside of his thigh and pressed against his cock. I slowly pushed two fingers inside my pussy, pulling them back out, sliding them in again, fucking myself with them. In my mind I was sucking David off again, smelling and tasting him. When I thought of that hot cum shooting down my throat, it was too much. My body tensed as wave after wave of pleasure flowed through me.

My breathing slowed and I gave up on going back to sleep. I wondered if David could be persuaded to shower with me. Getting up, slipping my nightshirt over my head, almost moaning as the material brushed against my nipples. I walked down the hall and I could feel the moisture between my legs. There was David just where I thought he might be, sitting at his computer. I leaned against the door frame and watched him for a few minutes.. I loved how he looked, in his boxers and t-shirt, to me he was the sexiest man ever. When I looked at him, I didn't see the gray hair, or notice that his body lacked the firmness of an 18 year old. I saw the man I desired and wanted to grow old with. 

Looking over David's shoulder, I saw he was reading and his hand was slowly stroking up and down his shaft. His cock was shiny with precum, and so hard and erect. Oh God I want that cock, I thought as I walked up behind him and slid my hands down his chest, leaning over and kissing the back of his neck. I leaned over further, pressing my breasts against him and ran my finger around in the precum. 

"Morning, darlin, having fun?" I asked, as I licked my finger clean. 

Laughing he took my hand and pulled me around to his lap. I snuggled back against him, making sure that he could feel how wet I was as his cock snuggled right between my ass cheeks. Looking over my shoulder I watched his face as I ground my ass back against him. He grabbed my ass and humped against me, before reaching under my nightshirt and pulling gently on my nipples. 

"Ahhhh Shelia, you feel good this morning." David murmured.  

Reaching over David clicked the mouse and a slide show of our favorite porn started flashing on the computer screen. I kept watching the screen as picture after picture flashed, David started tracing his fingers all around my smooth ass. I was trembling, both from the visual stimulation and knowing he was looking at my ass as he touched me. He ran his hand under me and brushed against my pussy. 

"Already so wet? Just what have you been doing?" He teased. 

I couldn't help moaning out loud as his fingers slipped inside me. Sliding in and out slowly, dragging my juices from my sopping wet pussy to my asshole and back. Pushing my night shirt up and off, throwing it into the corner, he never stopped the motion of his fingers. Slipping his fingers all the way out, he rubbed my clit, before he stroking along my slit to my ass. Pressing gently against my asshole and then stroking all the way back up he plunged two fingers deep in me again. His free hand pinched and pulled my nipple, forcing another orgasm to overpower me. My pussy clamped down on his fingers as I shuddered against him. 

"I love how your pussy squeezes my fingers when you cum." David whispered softly. 

The picture on the computer screen changed, this time two women were kneeling , their backs to each other. They were surrounded by a group of men, all jerking off. The picture flashed and suddenly the women were both being covered in cum. 

"Would you like to be one of those girls, getting all that nasty cum shot all over them?" David asked. 

I just kept watching, picture after picture, all showing women getting cum sprayed on them. I was wondering what it felt like to be coated with semen, when suddenly, I felt a sharp stinging pain as David slapped my ass. His calloused palm setting off sparks of pleasure, as he rubbed my cheek to take the sting out. 

"I asked you a question." he growled at me. 

I could only nod my head yes and moan. God how is it this man can excite me so much, even after all the time we have been married? David was holding my hips and grinding his cock against my bare skin, it was driving me insane. I was aching to have him slide that thick cock inside me. I forced my hips back against him, hoping he would take the hint. Hoping he would ram his cock deep into my pussy until his balls were pressed against me. 

"You want my cock, my sweet? Do you? Then you know what you better do" 

Oh yes, I knew what he wanted and fell to my knees in front of him. Trembling, I reached for him. After his cock teasing my ass, I wanted it and if I could only have it in my mouth, I didn't care. Then David grabbed my hands, not letting me touch him. My eyes flew up to meet his. I was on the verge of begging for his cock. 

"No, no!" he was taunting me. " I didn't hear the magic word, did I?" 

His cock was so hard, I watched it throb. It was covered with precum, the head so dark it was almost purple. I ached for it. Holding both my hands in one of his, David slowly stroked his cock, forcing a drop of precum to form, then slowly ooze down the shiny head. I couldn't take my eyes off his dick, I tried to speak but only whimpers escaped. 

"You want that don't you." he tormented me. "You know how to get it."

I licked my lips and swallowed, trying to speak again. "Please, I need to suck you." I begged. 

David freed my hands and leaned back in the chair, spreading his legs wide for me. I watched as he stroked his cock with both hands, making a huge drop of precum well up. Placing my hands on his thighs, I leaned forward and ran my tongue slowly up his cock. Thrusting my tongue in the little slit, scooping up the precum. Oh dear lord, he tasted so good. I can't ever get enough of loving him. 

I felt his fingers combing thru my hair, pulling slightly, as I traced my tongue around his cock. Slowly lapping up all the precum. With a groan, David held my head and thrust into my mouth. Sucking harder now, running my tongue all around. I heard him hiss as my hands cupped his balls, squeezing softly. I stopped sucking, just holding him in my mouth, as I danced my tongue up and down his cock. Making sure to flick and swirl it against the ridge. 

I pulled my head back, sucking and licking on just the tip, lightly raking my tongue across it, then sucking as much as I could into my mouth. David arched up and forced his cock deep in my mouth, almost making me gag. He was pulling my hair, pumping his cock in and out of my mouth. 

"Yes baby, suck me harder!" David gritted through his teeth. 

I sucked harder, feeling his balls tighten up, as I played with them. I was so wet, my whole body tingled with excitement as I pushed my tongue against the underside of David's cock, teasing him making him groan. I could smell the musky smell of sex, and knew he was going to cum.

Slowly, I drew my head back until only the tip of his cock was trapped in my mouth. Increasing the suction, rubbing my tongue mercilessly against the ridge and squeezing his balls in a frantic rhythm. Suddenly with a deep growling groan, his body bucked, and he forced his cock deep in my mouth. Holding it there as he pumped my mouth full of hot salty cum. So much I almost choked, I swallowed as quickly as I could, milking his cock. Greedily swallowing every drop. As I licked the last drops off my lips, David pulled me into his lap and buried his face in my neck, holding me close as he caught his breath. 

"God, Sheila, you make me crazy, lover." He whispered to me. 

Grinding myself into his lap, I begged," Fuck me David, please, just fuck me now! 

David's cock was still hard as he turned me around and pushed me over his desk. I almost exploded as he rubbed his cockhead from my clit to my ass, teasing me, taunting me.He tugged on my hair, pulling my head up. I focused on the computer screen as I heard his whispered "Look!" The pictures flashing were all of butt fucking. God I ached, I needed his cock in me. I whimpered and pleaded for his cock. 

With one thrust he imbedded his cock deep in my pussy. I felt shock waves of pleasure shoot through my body.He pulled his shaft out, and I felt him guide it to my asshole. When he pushed against it , I tensed up, he had never done that before, but I was so far gone I didn't care. Suddenly he rammed it back into my dripping pussy. I could only groan and hold on to the desk as he thrust over and over. 

My tits were rubbing roughly against the desk with each thrust, adding to the sensations, driving me out of my mind. David's cock was sliding wetly in and out of my body, stretching me with every stroke. He fucked me harder and harder, one hand snaked around my hip and he pinched my clit, rubbing it, stroking it. I was almost sobbing as my orgasm overwhelmed me, making my body stiffen and relax, again and again. My sheath flexing and pulsing around David's cock, forced another load of cum from him. He groaned and pressed deep inside me, holding me tight as we both spasmed together. 

I could feel our mingled juices drip slowly down my leg as he pulled his cock away and fell back into his chair. He pulled me back into his lap and held me as I slowly recovered and became aware of my surroundings again. 

"I think we need a shower." he said.