 When we arrived home on Friday night following a nice social function at the local hospital, my lovely wife of 24 years and I both went about our business of getting ready for bed. Our precocious 8 year old daughter was spending the night with one of her friends and I was ready for a night of hot, passionate sex with the woman whom I love very, very much.

Little did I know that my plans were going to be headed the other direction due to one very tired and menstruating lady. This had been a very busy and hectic work week for her and she was more interested in falling off into a deep sleep as soon as she hit the bed. Needless to say, I drifted off with one helluva boner and didn't sleep very well due to dreams of what I had envisioned.

Well, upon waking up this morning and cuddling for 20 minutes or so, I began to feel a stirring in her and when she disposed of her gown and bared those beautiful 38" breasts for me, I knew what to do next. As I fondled and sucked her incredible eraser size nipples she reached down and began stroking my throbbing dick. As our play got more serious she began to really stroke my manhood to its full 8" length and just the sight of her tiny hand wrapped around the shaft made me even hotter. Being that time of the month, she was concerned about the mess that we might make with full blown intercourse so we settled in for some very heavy masturbation. As she stroked my rock hard dick, I whispered to her all of those little nothings that she likes to hear, like how hard her nipples are and how hot she makes me when she sucks my dick and how I would love to be stroking my dick in and out of her ass. This turned her on even more and she continued to slide her hand up and down my shaft until I shot a load of cum that covered her stomach and hand.

With this, she invited me to join her in the shower. Now, at this point I must tell you that we have made love in a variety of locations and positions including on a picnic table in our back yard, in a van in the middle of a parking lot, in a variety of hotels around the country with her on top, with me on top, facing each other in a sitting position and a few sensational times anally. We have been married for 24 years and still enjoy the mutual pleasures and orgasms that we give to each other.

Once in the bathroom she started the shower and I followed her in. After getting her hair and body good and wet I started to wash her back and bottom. After getting lathered up pretty good, she propped one leg up on the back of the tub and began to rub her pussy while I reached around her from behind and began to pinch and rub her nipples until they were once again rock hard. By now the head of my throbbing dick rested in the crack of her ass, and I moved my hand down to her closely cropped pussy and began to rub her clitoris while she moaned with pleasure. As I rubbed her swollen clit and pussy lips it didn't take long for this action to bring her to a roaring climax standing in the shower with my dick throbbing in her ass. As she came down, she turned to me and lowered herself to her knees and took my dick deep into her mouth and sucked it like a lollipop. I always have an explosive orgasm when she sucks my dick and this was no exception. After about 10 minutes of her wonderful mouth on my balls and then a real deep throat move, I shot another load of cum onto her breasts, neck and chin.

As we both came back down to earth from this mutual sharing of pleasure and gathered our strength to move, we finished our shower and proceeded to dry off and get ready to head to work. I love this beautiful woman more than anything and can't wait to get in bed with her tonight to see what she has in store.

This experience shows just what a loving couple can do to please each other in different ways.