 Saturday night. The club was full, the music loud with a thudding bass beat, the lights blue, tracking around the room creating a heady atmosphere. Most were dancing, trance like, nodding their heads to the beat, absorbed in their own world of dreams and fantasies. Others were sat at tables, around the edge, trying to talk over the noise or just slumped back doing nothing. The bar, as always, was busy with a tight crowd at the counter trying to catch the barman's eye for service, the more expert types holding up £20 notes to attract his attention. 

Katie had gone along with three of the guys from work although it wasn't really her favourite place. She had no other plans and they had more or less insisted that she join them. She'd been there once before and had found it tiresome, a bit down at heel and uncomfortable. But here she was now, sat at a table, trying to make herself heard, having just finished dancing for a while. It was hot as the ventilation was poor, her hair was stuck to the back of her neck and she could feel the sweat running down her chest between her breasts. 

Knowing that the place was hot she had decided to wear a very short dress and a pair of cotton knickers, nothing else. The dress fitted perfectly on her petite frame as she always took time to buy good clothes. Her firm breasts needed no bra, and anyway, she felt it looked sexier when her nipples pushed the fabric out slightly. She had good legs, slim, with firm lightly tanned thighs and knew she could carry off a very short dress that only just covered her knickers. It gave her thrill to know that just occasionally she would accidentally give a flash of her knickers, perhaps as she sat down in the low seating and the dress rode up her thighs, or when she crossed her legs. She knew the guys would look. She was, inside, a born exhibitionist.

Katie stood up and leaning across the table signalled to the guys that she was going to the toilets. They nodded that they understood. She negotiated her way around the throng of dancers, edging past other tables to the back of the club where the toilets were situated down a dark corridor that lead off the main room. She went into the ladies toilet and looked at the mess, water on the floor with paper towels stuck in it, the bin overflowing and she remembered why she didn't like this club. There was nobody else there so she found a cubicle and peed, carefully wiping herself so that there would be no damp patches on her knickers.

As she left the ladies toilet and guy, possibly in his twenties came out of the mens toilets on the opposite side of the corridor. For no reason they both stopped and looked at each other. He was unusual, a mane of dark hair pushed lazily to one side above a good-looking clean-shaven face. His clothes were all black. Most wore jeans and T-shirts, but he had a shirt and well fitted trousers which suited his slim frame

They stood there for just a few seconds, staring at each other. To Katie's surprise he suddenly held up his left hand and loosely curled his fingers, then, pushed the middle finger of his right hand up into his curled fingers. He did this twice, all the time staring into her face. Katie looked down and thought for a moment, her body already tingling from the excitement of what she had just seen. She pushed her tongue into the corner of her bottom lip as she thought. She found her legs were shaking slightly.

She looked up and around, gathering the layout of the corridor. It extended beyond the toilets for a few feet and then turned left, presumably to some service area, where it appeared to be even more dimly lit. She looked briefly into his face and walked down and around the corner. He followed. It was very dark with only a small wall light at the far end and stank of stale beer, kitchens and sweat. Odd boxes and beer barrels lay around, abandoned. Katie stopped and turning, leant against the wall. The stranger stopped and stood quite close, almost facing her, making Katie shake slightly, both nervous and highly aroused, electric at the thought of what was to happen now, the naughtiness of it.

The stranger said nothing, nor motioned in any way for her to do anything. She looked at his face and biting her bottom lip pulled her dress up enough for her to pull her knickers down to the tops of her thighs, just past her smooth pussy. He lent in closer to her, his body to her right side and slid his left hand behind her onto her now bare bottom, pushing her hips slightly forward as his right hand touched her lips. Katie closed her eyes and pulled her dress up higher, around her waist, so that he could easily touch her. She thought for a moment about taking it off. The music could still be heard, beating, now distant in the background, and she could smell the dank atmosphere in the dark corridor. The light at the end kept flickering.

He ran his middle finger down her lips and parting them found her clitoris. He moved his finger, pressing firmly as he began to stimulate her, all the time pressing her bottom forward onto his hand. Katie ran her hands down her body and pushed her fingers under the sides of her knickers; she thought she might want to push them down further. She moaned quietly while she began to move her hips in time to his finger moving. She felt utterly exhilarated, sinful, dirty, beautiful. 

He leaned slightly closer to her and as he did so his finger moved down between her legs. She opened them a little more for him and took his hand in hers, squeezing it as she guided him down between her legs. He found her vagina and suddenly leaned in and kissed hard on the mouth while pressing her bottom firmly forward as he pushed his finger up into her. 

"Oufff," gasped Katie, the feeling almost too much as she felt his finger go into her. She was wet now, very aroused, her own juice starting to run down the inside of her thigh tops.. She wondered for a moment about anyone coming and finding them but didn't care, in a way she hoped that they did, for getting caught would add to the excitement of what they were doing.

Sensing her arousal the stranger now pushed two fingers into her and began to flex them against her G spot. Again she gasped slightly, trying not to make any sound. He continued flexing his fingers, pushed up as far they would go into her, pressing her forward onto them with each movement. She instinctively began to push hard down onto his fingers each time he thrust them up into her, grinding down on his hand with her hips. She gripped his hand tighter still, working with him, pushing him, pressing into her more firmly with each movement.

Katie started to breath harder and deeper, her eyes screwed shut, as she approached her orgasm. She stared into his face and their eyes met, his seemingly expressionless. It had only taken under a minute but the sexuality of the situation, the dark atmosphere and the thought of doing this with a total stranger had brought her to climax swiftly.

"Ouu, ouu ouu, mmmmm," she breathed as she climaxed, her vagina involuntarily contracting around his fingers. She squeezed tightly several times, soaking up the nerve tingling sensation of orgasm. Her breathing relaxed and she opened her eyes to see him looking down at her face. He still showed almost no expression, perhaps a slight smile at the corner of his mouth. He withdrew his fingers from inside her and leaned away from her, giving her space to pull up her now wet knickers and straighten her dress. She was about to say something to him, but then thought better of it, instead she briefly smiled at him.

He stood straight and then walked away, turning the corner in the corridor, leaving her alone. She found her legs were shaking, trembling under her as she gathered her composure, ready to return to the real world. She smiled at her own wickedness. Katie, you dirty bitch.