 This is my first attempt at writing erotica. My next attempt I'm sure will be better. Any comments or suggestions are more than welcome. 

*

I do not know what possessed me to approach her after the show. Maybe it was because a few drinks had made me a bit too social. Or perhaps it was simply that things with my girlfriend were in a bit of a lull. It could have just simply been that she was pretty cute and I hadn't gotten laid all summer. I caught her out the corner of my as I exited the circus tent stuck in the middle of the stream of people. I saw her outside the circus tent still in her skimpy red silk acrobats costume with the gold trim. Long brown hair tied back into a ponytail. She was facing away from the crowd almost out of sight with one leg up on a hay bale revealing a large portion of her smooth silky thigh. I slipped out of the crowd and walked up to her. Paranoia kicked and I realized this was a bad idea but before I could sheepishly turn back and rejoin the leaving audience she spotted me. Looking up at me with these beautiful hazel eyes I was at a loss for words as I just looked over her near perfect physique. She was a little shorter than I was and fairly thin but her body was almost chiseled. Her breasts were a little smaller than I normally go for but were quite stunning in her outfit which featured a low cut bikini style top revealing an ample amount of cleavage. She raised a curious eyebrow, expecting me to say something but I couldn't seem to find any words. Her eyes dropped to my pants and she smiled seeing a bulge that I would difficulty hiding sober. Then she battered her eyes teasingly and stared back up at my face. 

"Why hello." 

"Uh... oh ya hi." I reached a hand up to scratch my head. There was an awkward pause which she broke with a giggle. I adjusted my stance slightly to try and make my now raging hard on a little less obvious. "Great job in the show tonight."

She stood up still smiling at me. "Thanks." She took a step forward getting very close to me. "Let's make this a little easier for you. I'm Cassandra." 

"Oh sorry. Nate. I mean I'm Nate. Or I Nathan. Uh... you can call me whatever though." I cursed my stupidity under my breath. I have never been particularly awkward around girls before but damn there was just something about this woman that gave me the speaking abilities of a 11 year old boy talking to Captain America. 

"Aw. You're a cutie Whatever." She smiled revealing a set of beautiful perfect white teeth. "Care for a drink?" She pulled a flask from her belt and wiggled it seductively bringing her finger up to mouth and biting it playfully. 

"Sure, uh that'd be awesome." I was too intoxicated or aroused to say no. She dragged me by my belt into the small tent behind her closing the flap behind me. 

"I'm only 20." She cooed looking up at me with puppy dog eyes. "I hope that's okay with you. I can't have the circus police catching me with alcohol." She took a sip from the flask and held it out offering it to me. "That's good, we wouldn't want a clown cop to have to put you in the back of one of their cars. I doubt even your amazing body would fit." There was a pause as the joke was not nearly as impressive as it had been in my head before I said it. To break the silence I gave a small laugh shrugged and grabbed the flask from her. Being drunk, horny, testosterone filed manimal I was I decided this would be the time to impress her. I popped the top off with my thumb and raised it to the sky taking a large mouthful of cheap vodka nearly spitting it out all over the floor. I forced it down followed by a fit of coughing. She took a step backwards laughing at the what I'm sure was a ridiculous expression on my face. "You okay there? That was pretty impressive." She smiled seductively. "What else can you do?"

I tossed the flask off to the side the spilling the contents onto the floor. She opened her mouth to protest when I grabbed her by the waist and pulled her into me or lips making contact. Her eyes were wide but immediately closed when she realized what was happening as we began making out. She pulled our lips apart to begin kissing my neck and I moaned as the warm tingle of the vodka ran its way up my chest into her kisses. I think she took this as a good sign as she returned to my lips and then moved to my ear.

She licked my earlobe and whispered. "Take care of these buttons unless you want them ripped off." That was the moment I decided men's shirts had far too many buttons. My right hand immediately moved to the bottom of my shirt and quickly began the daunting task of unbuttoning. I grabbed her around the back with my left hand and pulled her body into mine. She let out a small cry as she was thrust into my body and our lips make contact again. Her tongue darted into my mouth as I finished the last button leaving my chest exposed to the cool air. She noticed and grabbed the sleeves and tugged hard almost ripping it off of my body. Smiling she pushed me onto the hay covered floor. 

"See," She grinned holding my shirt in her hand. "Just like magic," and casually tossed my shirt to the side.

I gave her a wink. "Yup. Just like magic." She looked at me with a curious eye. Her mouth opened wide as her top fell off onto the floor. I gave a sly grin looking up at her from the relative comfort of the straw floor. She recovered from her surprise and with a growl tumbled forward gracefully pinning my arms with her knees. Her beautiful chest just out of reach. She purred and slid down releasing my arms and our lips met again as our bodies slid together. 

"You... I like you." She purred. I responded with a quick slap on the ass that caused her to sit up and gasp. Her eyes seemed to glaze over as she ripped my pants open sending my button into the straw. Pulling out my cock she stared at it briefly before taking it in her mouth. I let out a gasp as her skilled fingers and mouth went to work. She ran her tongue up and down and my shaft and I couldn't stop another moan as she took it all in sliding my cock into her throat. I knew I couldn't last very long at this rate if she stayed in control so I sat up and pulled her head off of cock. She looked up into my eyes longingly, she seemed almost sad to not have my dick in her mouth. I pulled her lips once more to mine and we exchanged a deep kiss. Flipping us over I slid my cock between her thighs as I massaged her breasts with my hands. I was surprised when I felt the warm slick entrance to her vagina beneath her bottom as I hadn't removed any of her clothes beneath the belt yet. I ran my dick up and down a few times shocked at just how wet she was and still a little surprised at the lack of underwear. She must have sensed what I was thinking and ran a hand down my shaft grinning at me. 

"I told you it's magic. Now fuck me." I ran my penis a few more times more across her slit trying to get nice and lubricated. She gasped as I ran the head of my cock over her clit. "No teasing please..." She was moaning softly at this point, her eyes were closed. "Please... just fuck me." 

I needed no encouragement as I plunged my cock into her. Her eyes opened and she cried out grabbing me hard her nails digging into my back. She arched forward into me, biting into my shoulder to stop from screaming. Although I was a nice guy normally, in the bedroom I was ruthless. I took a guess she was into the hard fucking and I could not have been more right. Relentlessly I pounded into her over and over again. She was clearly loving it, moaning, begging for more. I slowed down and pulled my dick out of her slowly. Her hazel eyes looked up at me silently but the message was clear. "Why did you stop?" Her ponytail had come undone and her hair was a mess. I ran my hand across her face pushing her hair out of her eyes as. 

"Do you want me to fuck you harder." She bit her lip and nodded. I smiled "You naughty girl." I slid the tip of my cock back into her waiting snatch the ground beneath us already soaked with her juices. She gasped and her eyes closed as she focused on the sensations. But I can be a bit cruel in bed so I slid the tip back out and in. Doing this several times. I watched her closed eyes intently. When her eyes opened to protest the teasing I rammed the full length of my cock into her forcing her to cry out. It felt wonderful as my cock slide all the way into her cunt just barely touching her cervix. I pulled all the way back out again and slammed into her one more time. A few more thrusts was all it took to send her over the edge again. Her nails cut into my back hard causing me to bleed but I far from the point of caring. 

"Fuck. I'm coming... oh god, oh god. Fuck me. Fuck me! Don't stop. Please." Her moans were beautiful and at this point I couldn't hold myself back if I wanted to. I fucked her harder than I have ever fucked anyone before. I did long hard thrusts giving her the full length of my shaft each time. I started speeding up my thrusts sending us both into ecstasy. Her vaginal muscles started clenching and massaging my cock as she came again sending me over the edge. I moaned loudly. 

"Oh god..." I moaned as I felt my orgasm hit. It was too soon to be done now. Clenching my cock muscles as tightly as I could I forced the feeling back down. The orgasmic feeling spread throughout my pelvis as I fell on top of her my arms giving out. She opened her eyes a little surprised to not feel the rush of cum inside of her but she could clearly tell I came. 

She was covered in sweat, breathing heavily, smiling. "You finally done stud? That was an amazing fuck."

As feeling returned to my arms I propped myself back up and grinned evilly. "I'm not finished. I'm multi-orgasmic." Her face went from relaxed and content, to happily surprised as I flipped her onto the stomach and pulled her up into a kneeling position. "I'm far from done. You'll have to beg me to stop." 

I could tell she was impressed. "You're good I'll admit. But not that .... oh god!" I entered her hard from behind. I could tell immediately that she loved this position. She was gasping, moaning, and pleading almost instantly for me to fuck her harder. I gave her what she wanted. As I thrust into her she began thrusting back. I changed my timing to match hers so we were thrusting in and out together creating a fast and furious fuck. I raised my hand and spanked her. Hard. She let out a pleasurable cry but it cost her her rhythm. I took this as an opportunity to increase my speed. I spanked her again as she let out another cry. Clearly she liked that. I reached around and flicked her clit. She came immediately, gushing all over my cock. It was a long orgasm as she lost control of her arms and fell into the straw but I kept fucking her never stopping. Before she could recover she came again. "Oh dear god you're so good! Fuck me. Oh yes fuck me. I'm about to cum again. Fuck me! Oh god yes!" The last one was more of a scream than a request. I picked up my pace again and fucked her fast and steady keeping a steady speed and rhythm. She came at least once more before begging me for a rest. Her moans and cries were becoming loud enough it was hard to tell when she was even coming anymore. I smirked.

"Alright I think you've earned it." She let out a sigh of relief as I began to slow my thrusts. "After you cum one more time." Her eyes went wide as I flipped her onto her back and entered her again missionary style. Her eyes closed as soon as I reentered her and she immediately began to beg. 

"Please... oh god please cum inside me." It was sooner than I had planned for but that was all it finally took as I felt my orgasm approach me. There was no holding it back this time. Starting in my balls I could feel it work its way slowly all the way through my cock until I exploded into her. All the cum that had been waiting to release went into her hungry snatch. The first spurt that hit the inside of her made her cum as her cunt gripped my cock like a vice as she milked three more spurts of cum out of me as we both rode our orgasms out together. I came for what seemed like forever and collapsed onto her exhausted. I just lay there still inside her. Using all the strength I had left I rolled off of her and we each lay there for a couple of minutes in total silence except for our heavy breathing. She smiled still breathing very heavily her chest rising and falling and turned to me. "You know. I'll be in town for a few weeks." 

I turned my head looking into her eyes. "Great." I took a pause to rush more air into my still screaming lungs. "Could I get your number?"

She stood up putting the pieces of her costume back on. "Sure. It's 324-443-647." She paused and smiled, "plus the number of times you made me cum." I couldn't help but laugh. She left the tent smiling and with a noticeable difficulty walking. Laying there in the straw in all my naked glory as I grabbed a pen from the pocket of my jeans and a scrap of paper from my wallet and wrote down the digits she told me. I smiled as I wrote a question mark for the last digit. I had no idea how many times she had cum but it was most certainly worth the few quarters it would cost at the pay phone to try all the combinations.