 Savannah's Road Trip: Journal V

What a total and complete waste of time this trip to Flint, MI had been! Savannah scowled down into her diet cola, watching morosely as the ice melted. The client, after changing his mind about fifty times on the decor he wanted in his private den, had finally decided it was perfect the way it was. A whole week she'd wasted, and not once had she met anyone to help her while away the time. Perhaps she was spoiled, but she was used to meeting fun people on all her business trips. Fun, as in, "let's fuck each other's brains out", kind of fun. Leaving a tip on the bar, she made her way to one of the side doors leading outside from the hotel lobby.

She stood in a garden with high bushes, fragrant flowers all about. She followed one of the trails until she reached the gazebo. Immediately a sense of peace came over her. If it hadn't been for this quiet place, she would have gone stark, raving mad. She sat down on one of the benches, letting her head rest back on the railing of the gazebo. Her eyes drifted shut lightly, and she released a sigh of relief. This was much better. Peace and quiet were....

"Excuse me, mind some company?"

A deep male voice came to her, penetrating her meditation. She thought about ignoring him, but decided to at least acknowledge his presence and then send him on his way. However, all that changed when she opened her eyes. The intruder stood before her, a slight grin creasing his face as she took in his most delicious form. Savannah stood up, wanting to get closer. She estimated he stood somewhere shy of six feet. His brown eyes raked over her body before once again smiling at her.

"I hope you don't mind the intrusion. I saw you leave the hotel and thought you could use some cheering up."

Again, he smiled. Savannah smiled back. Anticipation hummed through her. She rested her hand on his arm lightly, peering through her lashes up at him. Dirty pool, perhaps, but he inspired her.

"I don't mind at all. And you're right, I could use some company."

"Great! I'm Kevin, you?"

"Savannah."

She continued her visual journey of his body. He had a slim build, yet she sensed strength under the layers of clothing he wore. Soon, she hoped to sense it unclothed. His slightly darker skin made a sensual impact on her senses. Oh, this was going to be good.....really good.

"It's getting a little chilly out here. Perhaps you could come up to my room with me; we could have a drink?"

She had moved closer, so the very tips of her breasts brushed along his shirtfront.

Without another word, he turned her back the way she had come, guiding her carefully through the garden to the hotel door. The lobby was nearly deserted as they made their way to the elevators. Once inside, she pushed the number of her floor, and then idly rested against the wall of the elevator. Kevin mimicked her pose opposite her. They merely eyed each other, not saying a word. Once out of the elevator, she led him to her room. Opening the door, she stood aside to let him through.

"Do you want that drink now?"

His arms came around her as he crowded her against the wall.

"After", he murmured, and it wasn't difficult to understand his meaning.

Her arms rose up and pushed his jacket off his shoulders, tossing it somewhere to the side of them. Her nails ran along his shoulders and back, to the front, and began undoing the buttons.

His head lowered to hers, and his lips made a soft trail from ear to ear, pausing in between to tease her lips for a time. She shifted her thighs along his, and moaned in delight upon discovering a hard ridge behind the zipper of his pants. His hands gripped her hips and moved her more strongly against him. Their panted breaths mingled when he kissed her again, this time letting his tongue mimic what was to come. She had his shirt off now and reveled in the smoothness of his skin under her palms. He was smooth and hot to the touch. No doubt he would find her the same. He began walking backwards, guiding her to the bed behind them. He sat down on the edge, simultaneously lifting her sweater off and over her head. He made quick work of her bra, and sighed in wonder when her full breasts were released.

One finger touched a nipple, causing it to peak and harden. Savannah moaned, and pushed her breasts towards his mouth. Taking the hint, his mouth enveloped her flesh fully. He suckled at the one breast for a good long while, until her legs shook and she could barely stand up. And then he switched to the other. Had it not been for his hands supporting her she would have fallen to her knees then and there. Frantic now, Savannah quickly did away with her jeans and panties, having already toed off her shoes when they had first entered her room. Murmuring his approval, his head lowered, his tongue making a hot path from her breasts to her navel. His tongue swirled around the depression, stabbing delicately into it. 

It was nearly enough to make her come.

"Please, more, go lower."

Obligingly his tongue slicked along her abdomen until it reached her clit. She screamed as she shattered and her knees gave out on her. He quickly laid her on the bed, following her down. His tongue was relentless, continuing to stroke her clit, diving inside her juicy pussy. Her legs spread further for easier access. He lifted his head briefly to admire her glistening lips, her pouty nubbin. He pushed two fingers inside when he resumed his attentions; his lips sucked delicately at her clit. Her hips rose to meet those probing fingers, her head thrashed on the pillow. That wicked tongue lashed her, fucked her. On and on, he showed no mercy. One climax after another rushed her.

"Please, Kevin, let me taste you too. Let me suck your dick."

Moving up alongside her, he turned and then gave her access to his cock. Her mouth enveloped at the moment when she once again felt his tongue and fingers probing her. So good, she thought, and then didn't think anymore as she absorbed his wonderful odor, his musky flavor. Her tongue wrapped around him, and this time it was his turn to moan and jerk. She swallowed him whole, her lips pursing tightly at the base of his cock. Slowly she pulled back, until just the tip rested inside her mouth. Her tongue stabbed into the tip of him.

His, "oh hell, yes", brought a grin of satisfaction to her face. One hand stroked his shaft, while the other squeezed and pulled, gently, at his balls.

He retaliated by gently biting the inside of her thigh, and then cramming four fingers fully into her. Their mutual groan echoed in the now overly-warm room. Sighs, groans, harsh breathing, wet sucking sounds bounced off the walls. Her mouth enveloped him once again, now bobbing faster upon him. Suddenly he rose up, and then before she could be disappointed, he straddled her face. Delighted, she took him inside her hot mouth again. He watched intently as his dick disappeared over and over between her lips. Frantic now, he fucked her mouth. Savannah worked to keep him from cumming too soon. She could sense he was approaching the end, so she pulled away.

"Fuck me", she commanded.

Kevin looked desperately to the pants that were lying by the door.

"I have to...." he began, but anticipating him, she held out a condom.

The drawer was open next to the bed, a good selection of condoms resting inside. Wasting no more time, he ripped open the package, quickly rolling it over his dick. He moved down her body again, kissing her deeply, then sucking and biting her neck. One hand caressed a breast, plumping and smoothing it. A leg inserted itself between her thighs, allowing his cock to nestle along her wet pussy. Restless now, her hips writhed beneath him, wanting him closer, wanting him inside her. A finger probed the opening of her pussy, testing her wetness. He put his finger to her mouth allowing her to taste herself.

He rose up on one knee and pulled her closer to him. Then he raised her ass off the bed and plunged inside. They both sighed. Savannah looked down to where they were joined, her visual senses stimulated as she watched his cock stroke in and out of her. His pace was slow and measured; he did not want to miss one delicious part of her. A vision popped into his mind, and allowing himself the luxury, he rolled her over until she was on her belly. Spreading her cheeks, he surged into her pussy again, grinding down on her. His hands were planted firmly on her ass, keeping her immobile. Her moans and groans told him she did not mind the change in position. Faster and faster he pumped himself into her. His mind was in a haze. She was so hot and tight. 

He rested his thumb along the crease in her ass, and when she didn't protest, he gently inserted the tip of it inside. She shivered under him, now screaming into the pillow she had stuffed into her mouth. It was getting harder to hold back. It felt so good. He stopped suddenly when he thought he might come. Not yet. Once again he rolled her over, lifting her legs up to rest on his shoulders. He pressed forward and inward. Slowly, he rotated his hips, making lazy circles inside her. Gradually he pressed forward until he could run his tongue along her lips, teasing the corners; all the while he watched her as she watched him. But soon the tingling in his balls urged him on to a faster pace. He brought her legs down and wrapped them around his waist. His fingers dug into her flanks as he slammed into her again and again.

Savannah couldn't catch her breath. His dizzying change of positions had her reeling. She knew it wouldn't be long until she exploded; but not yet, not yet. She wanted to......catching him by surprise she rolled out from under him and pushed him onto his back. Laying down along the length of him, with her back resting on his front, she took him inside. His hands went to her breasts, squeezing and pressing, molding them in his hot hands. She watched his hands play on her, loving his heat and skill. A mirror hanging on the room to her door afforded her a view of his cock stroking into her. Mesmerized, she stared as it repeatedly invaded her body; so hard and hot, her pussy so wet and clinging. She urged him on.

"Oh yeah, fuck me, it feels so good......look at how good it feels".

His eyes went to the mirror, to their reflected image. Seeing his dick invade that beautiful pussy was more than he could handle. Faster and faster he pumped. He held tightly to her hips, slamming them down onto his. Savannah screamed above him, her orgasm squeezing his cock. And then he felt it; the rush. It rolled up from his balls and through his entire body. He only regretted the necessity of a condom. And then he thought nothing for a while. Until....some time later.....he woke up......her mouth wrapped around his dick, her hands touching him......and it began again....