 Savannah is one sexy city. The whole town breathes a sophisticated, southern charm, with an air of lust and desire bubbling over so that the very streets seem to yearn for sex. The very popular book, "Midnight in the garden of good and evil" is a surefire contributor to that of course. Voodoo, betrayal, money, and sex combined into one intriguing true story. And it's how I make my money. I give book tours to the tourists that have streamed through the city since the book was published. My clients are usually older ladies from the blue rinse set, or couples RVing around America. Which is why she was such a surprise. 

It was a beautiful morning in early summer, and the air was humid, yet with a slight breeze. I normally drive a minivan to pick up my customers, but I only had one name on my book for today so I took my convertible. The weather was perfect for an open air cruise around town. I pulled up to the b and b, and waited for my client. She must have been watching from the window as she stepped out almost immediately. She was definitely not my usual customer. She was tall, long caramel hair, brown eyes, and a pair of huge, round tits. TITS, in capital letters. They bounced up and down as she stepped lightly down the stairs, and I immediately came to the conclusion she was not wearing a bra. Her white cotton dress had a low neckline, and the material was caught up under her cleavage with a large clasp. Her tits were pulled together creating a deep well between them, and her nipples were pert and sticking up through the material. I sat there entranced for a moment, before coming to my senses and jumping out to greet her. 

"Hi, my name's Aaron. You must be Elizabeth. You're the only customer today, so I thought we would travel in style." She smiled politely, and waited for me to open her door. She slid into the car, her long tan legs looking sexy in white high heeled sandals. As I shut the door I lent forward and could see straight down her dress. Her tits were even better up close. 

We drove off, and made our way around the town. I found it difficult to concentrate and kept mixing up details of the tour that I should have known without even thinking. Hopefully she had not noticed, although she seemed a little bored. I was constantly distracted by the way her tits kept moving as she breathed, and imagining what it would be like to fuck her. We drove out to Bonaventure Cemetery, one of the most famous and beautiful sites in Savannah. The trees and plants seemed to lean in on you as you passed under them, almost as though they were going to grab you. I smiled as I thought about grabbing Elizabeth and fucking her on the lawn, but dismissed it as a thought to be continued later in my room alone. 

We reached a quiet bench, off the main paths and sat down to take a break. I passed her a bottle of water, and started in with my usual history talk. She took a long sip from the water bottle, her full lips pursing into a red cupids bow. The she slowly upended the bottle, sending a trickle of water running down her neck and into her cleavage. My words trailed off as I watched another rivulet of water run over her smooth, tanned skin. I suddenly had a vision of Elizabeth in a wet t-shirt contest, her hard nipples clearly visible through her shirt. My head snapped up as her voice suddenly broke into my day-dream. 

"You've been staring at my boobs all morning, Aaron. Why don't you just ask to take a look?" 

Her hands grasped the material above the clasp of her dress, and pulled it apart, revealing the most perfect, perky, smooth, luscious looking tits I have ever seen. My breath caught in my throat, and my cock hardened instantly. My eyes widened as I gazed at this most awe-inspiring sight, and then I came to my senses. I looked up at her face, not quite sure what to expect. She looked at me from lowered lids, with a sexy, confident smile, her red lips open slightly. I imagined those lips pursed around my cock and I felt it jump against the hard denim of my jeans. 

"Well, what do you think?" she whispered in a low, husky voice. 

"I don't quite know how to tell you," I replied. "Perhaps if I showed you might be best." 

I slid over on the bench and put my arms around her, pulling her into a deep and passionate kiss. Her moist and full lips felt so alluring as I explored her hot mouth with my tongue. She moaned and pressed her tits into my chest. My hands slid over her hot skin to cup her perfect breasts, and my forefingers ran over her nipples. They hardened even more, and she threw her head back, groaning. 

"Oooh, Aaron, don't stop, MMM, Aaah!" 

There was a sharp intake of breath, and then she lunged forward, kissing me deeply again. I pulled her onto my lap, straddling me, and began to suck on her nipples. Her hand pulled at the hem of her dress, revealing no underwear. Her fingers massaged her hot, wet, clit as the smell of sex filled the thick, humid air. I continued my attention to her magnificent tits as she began to buck and bounce up and down on my rock-hard cock. I couldn't take it any longer. I lifter her up far a second as I unbuttoned and pulled my jeans down over my waist. My cock sprang free from the harsh material, and instantly I felt my lust grow even stronger. I grabbed Elizabeth by her curvaceous hips, and pulled her wet pussy onto my cock. She gasped, and her eyes widened in anticipation. We fucked in the full noon-day sun, in the public cemetery, each one driven by unbridled lust for the other. Long, loud, hard fucking. Her tits bounced in my face, her hot pussy overflowing with juices. It was animalistic, and awesome. 

Just as I was about to come, Elizabeth suddenly pulled herself off my cock. She jumped off my lap, and I thought she must have seen someone coming. I looked around but saw no-one. But instead of being interrupted, a change of scenery was what she had in mind. She knelt on the bench, facing out towards the water, and slowly ran her fingertips up her firm thighs, lifting the hem of her dress. Her magnificent ass loomed before me. She arched her back, and looked lustily over her shoulder.

"Come on, Aaron, fuck me in the ass!"

Truth be told, I had never done that before. But I aim to please my customers, and I was more than happy to try. I stepped between her legs, and grasping my cock in my hand, I pushed it into her tight ass. It felt incredible. So firm and tight, almost too tight to move. I held her hips and slowly fucked in and out, grunting with lust and desire. Elizabeth moved her ass in rhythm, encouraging me with gasps of pleasure. We gradually moved harder and faster till she was practically pushing me over with her thrusting. I reached one hand round and rubbed her clit, and felt her hot pussy explode in my hand. She groaned, gasped, and collapsed onto the back of the bench. My cock throbbed hard and exploded in her ass seconds later. I pulled out, and saw a stream of creamy cum running down her crack. 

I sat down on the bench next to her, panting, covered in sweat. She slowly stood up and smoothed her dress, carefully arranging her killer tits back in the tight material. She shook out her long hair, and then reached under her dress to wipe the juices off her legs. I almost choked as she slowly licked the juices off her dripping fingers. 

Elizabeth raised her eyebrows in a slightly bemused fashion, and gave me an impatient look. "You're a great fuck, Aaron. Just as well, because you're a lousy tour guide."