 I did something bad. 

Real bad. 

The guilt... It's eating me alive. 

Maybe if I write things down, I can make some sense out of what happened.

I can figure out why I did what I did.

Where do I start?

I guess I should give a little background. 

Tommy Knight and I have been best friends for as long as I can remember. 

We goofed off in sandboxes together, played on the championship soccer team, and roomed together in college. 

When my dad died, and my mom neglected my brother and I, we stayed at Tommy's house. 

He was like family to me.

We promised we'd never let anything come between us. 

That was until Samantha Ryder came into the picture. 

Sammy was a girl I dated throughout the last couple years of high school. 

She was an adorable little thing. 

She had that springy, adorable blonde hair that every girl secretly wants. 

I wasn't tall enough to play basketball, but Sammy was at least half a foot shorter than me. 

She had huge green eyes and a blinding smile, and while she wasn't my first girlfriend, she was definitely my first love. 

I know, you want the dirty details. 

Fine. 

She had a cute body. 

She ran track, so while her breasts weren't big, they were very perky. 

My old man used to say there were two kinds of asses on girls, phat and fat. 

A fat butt looked good in jeans, but wasn't all you'd hope it would be when you got her naked. 

An example I'll give is Kim Kardashian.

A phat butt looks good all the time, and you could bounce a coin off of it. 

Look up Jen Selter. 

Well... Sammy had one of those. 

And man, I can't tell you how many fights I gave up because I didn't want to lose that ass. 

Call me superficial?

Well yeah, I was young. 

Well, Tommy and I went away for college, and frankly, I wanted to explore my options. 

Tommy thought I should have kept it going, and that I was stupid for letting it go. 

He acted like he was invested in my best interest, but I knew the truth.

I had seen the way he looked at her, read the messages he would send, and been the third wheel on my own double dates. 

I knew he liked her. 

These suspicions were confirmed when he asked my permission to take her on a date after college.

Many years had passed, I had moved on, and I didn't mind. 

As time went on, I stopped thinking of her as my ex and began thinking of her as my friend, and my friend's girlfriend. 

That leads us up to last night. 

Last week, my girlfriend, Fiona, left me. 

I was being buried at work, I was low on cash, and now I was very, very lonely. 

Every summer, Tommy would invite the gang out to his beach house on the sound. 

It felt perfect. 

It felt like it was just what I needed. 

I showed up and saw my best friend. 

We joked, played a couple rounds of golf, and even took the boat out. 

I asked where Sammy was, and he told me she was out shopping for "clothes" with his sister.

He provided the parenthesis with a sly wink.

And for the first time in years, I felt a ping of jealous for my old friend. 

Here he was, doing extremely well for himself, happy in a relationship, and I...

I had nothing. 

"What's wrong?" he asked, suddenly concerned. 

I explained how Fiona had left me, but cut off before mentioning any jealousy. 

My pride was all I had left. 

He gave me some cookie cutter advice, but there was something different about him.

Gone was the friend who comforted me when my family fell apart... Instead, there stood a smug, condescending shadow of what he once was, holding his life over me. 

The worst part was he had every right to. 

Why wouldn't he?

We got back to the house and set up for the night's events. 

I rarely drank anymore, preferring a quick bong hit or some lip time with the hookah, but that night was different. 

That night I needed to hit the bottle and I needed it to hit me back. 

The party started slow but my shot glass was jumping. 

Before I knew it, I was dizzily stumbling down the stairs to the beach, feeling the cold water rinse my feet... and then my face.

I guess I was drunker than even I knew because I fell headfirst into the brutal pacific. 

"You'll catch a cold!" hollered a voice. 

I didn't have to look, I knew who it was. 

"Nah, I'm good", I yelled back without looking. 

I felt a warm hand wrap around my arm.

"C'mon, let's get you inside and get you warm."

"No!", i shook off, content to catch hypothermia. 

She laughed. 

"C'mon dumbass", she sid, grabbing me again. 

I shook her off and looked at her.

Some people age well. 

Some people don't. 

Sammy aged extremely well. 

Even after high school, she never stopped working out, and in the skirt and bikini top, it was obvious. 

I could've poured water from her chest and watched it trickle down her abs, and her legs raced and curved as she flexed her leg muscles. 

A rush of wind blew by and in a moment, the dress clung to her ass. 

My god...

Her ass...

It was bigger and tighter than I remember... 

I felt the blood flood into my manhood and my pants grew uncomfortable. 

I remembered all the times we had together.

All... the times...

That time she started dating my best friend and I let these memories creep back at the beach.

"I can take care of myself", I said, shaking the thoughts away. "I'll go take a shower."

She shrugged and began to walk away... But she didn't make it far before I fell directly on my face. 

I heard her muffled laughter as she pulled me to my feet. 

By the time we got back to the beach house, it was apparent the party had died down. 

The music was quiet, the lights were dimmed, and the few patches of conscious partygoers were sobering up in groups. 

I searched for Tommy but he was nowhere to be found. 

"Where's Tom?", I belched. 

She laughed. 

That musical, jingly laugh.

"He went to bed about half an hour ago. You give that boy just a little vodka and he's out until the cows come home."

"MM... Cows", i murmured. 

I closed my eyes, just for a moment, and suddenly cold water blasted my face. I shook my head and forced my eyes open. 

I was fully clothed in the guest room shower, a laughing Sammy adjusting the temperature above me.

"Is that okay?", she asked giggling. 

I nodded, completely unaware of the actual temp. 

I was in there for a few moments before I finally began to sober up and I stood up. 

"I should probably get some clothes... It's not good to be in cold clothes."

"Yeah, I grabbed your PJs." 

"Thank you", I said, honestly. "I didn't mean to bother you, you can get back to Tommy."

"I don't mind", she said, absentmindedly. 

She pulled a string on her skirt and she stood before me in nothing by her bathing suit. 

I began to protest as she stepped into the shower and then I saw it. 

The water... It pulled her bikini bottom closer to the skin, and there was less and less being left to the imagination. 

My jaw dropped and I was hypnotized.

"Well?", she asked. 

"Wha... what?" I said.

"Get undressed! You're gonna get sick!", she said. 

"Not with you in here!"

"Oh shut up, it's nothing I haven't seen before" she winked. 

I took my shirt off, but that was it. 

I stood still, trying to slow my heartbeat and look as uncomfortable as possible. 

She turned around, confused and...

And then it happened.

She gave me a look I hadn't seen in years.

She cocked her head to the side and squinted a little.

She looked so focused, and yet somehow very curious at the same time. 

It was at this moment that I realized my arousal was no longer subtle.

She took slow, intentional steps as she slowly swayed towards me.

Within moments, there were mere inches separating us.

Her huge green eyes looked longingly into mine and her lips quivered.

I slowly put my hands around her waist and began to pull her soaking body against mine. 

As she moved closer, her head tilted to the side and closed her eyes.

It was at that moment I knew that there was no turning back.

I puckered my lips and kissed her.

It started softly and slowly, as if we were both waiting for the other to pull away, but then I felt it.

The jolt.

The explosion. 

The electricity flying between the two of us. 

I had never wanted her more than in that moment.

Our lips mashed as our shy little kiss became an emotionally charged dance.

I pulled her close me as the kissing grew more and more passionate. 

She moaned as I shoved her against the shower wall and reached for her hands, holding them above her head.

I started grinding against her and she pulled away.

She looked at me, her eyes bigger than ever, and suddenly I sobered up. 

I was holding my best friend's girl... soaking wet in the shower. 

My erect cock was raging against my soaked clothes and digging into her stomach. 

I shook my head. 

"I'm sorry" i said quickly, backing away, disgusted with myself. 

She didn't look away, she didn't move, hands still over her head. Eyes still huge. 

She lowered her hands behind her back and pulled her top off, spilling her breasts into the steamy shower. 

she grabbed my hand and pulled me closer, kissing me again. 

I tried to pull away and she kissed harder. 

I tried to fight the electricity and it raged stronger. 

And then I felt her hand on my chest. 

Very softly, she traced her fingers down my chest and began unbuckling my pants.

I should have stopped her. 

I should have fought her. 

I should have ran screaming, naked through the house.

But I didn't. I let her undress me, and in the rain, I let her grasp my manhood. 

Finger by finger, she stroked me softly. 

She kissed me hard and shoved me against the wall. 

She kissed up and down my chin, down my neck, across my chest, and around my abdomen. 

"I missed this" she said, big lips a whisper away from my penis. "I don't necessary like sucking dick... but I love making you moan".

She licked from my balls to my tip and took it all at once. 

I closed my eyes and let the moist warmth of her mouth take over. I felt her bobbing up and down on me and it took my breath away. 

I gave her the moan she wanted and I heard her chuckle a satisfied chuckle. 

I started wiggling my toes as I felt my balls start to swell and she began bobbing her head faster.

Just as I felt like I was about to unload in her mouth, she pulled off.

I opened my mouth to protest but she pulled me out of the shower. 

She pulled her bikini bottoms off and sat, legs open on the kitchen sink. 

I reached back into the shower and turned the cold water off, allowing steam to fill the room. 

I lifted her legs up and kissed from her toes to her flower, where I aggressively sucked every inch of her.

And I mean every inch.

Remembering a drunken mistake that turned into great sex once during our senior year, I took a risk. 

Lifting her legs up further, I attacked her butthole with my tongue. 

At first she gasped but then she forced my head into it. 

"FUCK!" she gasped, practically pulling my hair out. 

Having efficiently teased her, I stood up and pulled her forward. 

I wrapped her legs around me, put a hand on each magnificent cheek and began slowly grinding into her. 

We kissed, tongues fighting furiously in our mouths, as I tried to fit as much of myself in her as possible. 

Eventually I moved my arms around her back, held her in place, and began teeing off on her. 

I grew tired and there was something I needed to do. 

I set her down and tried to turn her around. 

She laughed and pushed me onto the toilet. 

"I know what you want, but you're going to half to hold on if you wanna see this ass" she chuckled.

She climbed on top of me and began teasing me. 

Gyrating slowly around the tip as she worked her way down. 

Before long she was bouncing off of me and I was lost.

My eyes were rolling into the back of my head and I was completely lost in the moment. 

She began furiously rubbing herself and bouncing so fast that I worried she would slip off before stopping and shaking. 

Her face flushed and she shook furiously for thirty seconds. 

Exhausted, she slid off of me and onto the floor, gasping for air. 

She may have had her moment, but I had just seen more. 

She made the mistake of lying face-down, with her ass up.

I saw my chance.

I took it. 

Positioning myself inside her legs, I grabbed that amazing ass with both hands and pulled her into position. 

I didn't hesitate.

I slammed into that fantastic fanny and didn't relent.

I loved watching the way it bounced, but didn't jiggle off of me as I plowed her. 

I gripped tight as I felt my balls swell.

"Fuck.. Sammy. I'm gonna... I'm gonna"

"Cum in me... Please" she panted.

That was enough for me. 

I gave her one last slam and let it all go inside of her. 

I collapsed next to her and she cuddled up next to me. 

I held her close and before I knew it, I was asleep. 

I woke up alone, and when I searched for her, she wasn't anywhere to be found. 

As great as it was... The guilt is killing me.

Tommy...

If you read this...

I'm sorry.