 The house was nearly empty. Only the essentials had been left out. 3 pillows, the mattress and some blankets. I silently thanked some existential being that my friend didn't mind sharing my bed, because I sure as hell wasn't sleeping on the floor.

Running my fingers through my cropped brunette hair, I leaned back in the doorway and turned to see what he was up to. Sprawled out in the bed in a loose t-shirt and cotton pajama bottoms, he lazily sifted through some files on his laptop. He made a thought provoking noise in his throat as he pulled up a video file. I watched, curious, as he licked his lips and pressed play. Wandering closer to the bed I chuckled softly and pulled at the stings of my pajama bottoms.

"What's that?" I asked, "Are we having a movie night?"

He turned to stare at me a long moment before grinning, setting down his computer on the edge of the bed and patting the blanket next to him. "C'mon over and we'll see."

My heart skipped a beat, and as he turned back to stare at the screen I gently chewed my lower lip. The time had come, we both knew it. Tonight was going to be the night we had sex for the first time. 

I settled myself onto the mattress, laying on my belly. I brushed the hair out of my eyes and gave him a quick smirk, adjusting my camisole just enough for my cleavage to really pop. Folding my arms under my breasts I reveled in my perfectly tantalizing position as my eyes and ears really began to focus on the screen. 

He had cued up an intense hentai and I was immediately on edge. A young girl forced into submission, tears of joy as a man she never knew she wanted pummeled her tight little pussy. She screamed on screen, begging him to cum in her, to fill her. I swallowed hard and shifted in my spot, trying to soothe my tingling clit. I wished in that moment, that I was the hentai girl. I tried not to look over at Will, I didn't want him to see how flushed I was, how hot a damn cartoon was making me, but I couldn't help myself. I needed to know if he was looking. Turning my head just slightly, I found his eyes trained on my cleavage. I wriggled my hips into the mattress and tried not to seem to excited, but God- how I loved knowing he wanted my body. 

My skin was hot and flushed with a desire that had been building for over four years. We had known the night that we met that someday, we would screw each other's lights out. It was a lovely tension that was always aching to be plucked. We had gotten so far as he fingers inside of me once, but I hadn't been ready for that moment yet and my stress caused me to feel locked up sending me to bed in a lot of pain that night. It was a momentary nectar of the Gods, his rough fingers buried deep inside of me. I had imagined that and more for so many masturbatory fantasies that in this moment, when there was nothing standing in the way, I could barely breathe.

I could feel my body nearly vibrating, wrought with anticipation. I could tell that Will was ready to pounce, but he was waiting for the perfect moment. We sat mostly in silence as the movie played, the young girl on screen getting more than her fill of men, women and tentacles. We shared a few chuckles and some heated glances, the sexual tension in the room quickly becoming palpable. 

As the credits began to roll, I quickly sat up, a knot building in my stomach as I suddenly felt that I needed to escape, that I wasn't ready yet. Will turned over his shoulder, watching a moment before slowly moving to sit across from me. 

"You okay Mina?" He asked with true concern as he settled his hand onto my shoulder, squeezing gently. 

I nodded in quick succession and kept my eyes trained on the bed, "I'm fine, just stressed I guess. This move is huge and while I'm happy to get out of town- I dunno, its just, y'know."

He smiled, nodding- "I get that. C'mere, I'll rub your shoulders. It'll settle you down."

I licked my lips nervously and scooted closer to him. He turned my body so that I was facing away and pulled me between his open legs. He adjusted behind me, his hands on my hips as he settled his half-erect penis against my lower back. I took in a slow shuddering breath as his hands began to trail up my sides. Will's lightly calloused fingers were such a turn on for me that as he settled in to rub the skin of my shoulders, I couldn't help but utter a quiet groan. He gave a pleasant, approving sound and began working his thumbs harder into the few knots I really did have. 

I had lost myself in the sensations, the peace and calm that his impromptu massage was giving me. I was still vaguely aware of his body, his stiffening against me and his hands trailing farther and farther over the tops of my shoulders- down toward my gently heaving cleavage. I knew that I wanted him, and as the tips of his fingers dipped into my camisole and brushed against my nipples, my body tensed, pressing back into him, practically begging for more. I could hear him breathe deeply just before he placed a warm, lingering kiss on my neck. I turned my head, allowing him better access, and arched my back presenting my breasts for him to touch again. He groaned lightly as realization hit and plunged his hands into my top, massaging and caressing my breasts as if they were precious gems. His tongue flicked out against my skin, and Will began to suckle, kiss, and nip all over my neck and shoulder. His fingers worked slowly, back and forth over my hard nipples as I moaned. When he began to pinch lightly and roll my aching little buds between his fingertips, I whimpered in desire, my hands reaching out to grasp his legs.

"Mmmmmm, does that feel good Mina?" He breathed hot into my ear.

I gave a nod and took in a deep breath as he tweaked and pulled, his breath filled with tiny approving moans. "I want you to feel good Mina. I want to hear you feel good."

My pussy throbbed at his last words and I swallowed hard, rubbing back and forth along his legs now.

Slowly he pulled his hands from my shirt, letting his palms brush over my sensitive nipples the whole way. I mewled, not wanting the sensation to end. Chuckling ever so lightly he grasped my arms, helping me to turn and lie back over his lap. He seemed to growl quietly as he pulled down my camisole, freeing my breasts, my nipples standing up proudly. Will licked his lips and ran his fingers teasingly over the swell of my breasts. "You really are very beautiful. Your body is gorgeous."

I blushed and looked away, not having the right words to express how he made me feel.

Leaning in, Will began to press kisses all over my chest, adoring my body in a way I had hardly ever known. I jumped and twisted in his lap, excitement welling inside of me. He looked at me one last time before opening his mouth and softly sucking in my right nipple. His tongue danced over the rigged flesh while his fingers twisted and teased, giving no end to my pleasure. Letting my nipple fall from his mouth, he quickly lapped at it with his tongue, electric sensations coursing through me uncontrollably. I sighed, I mewled, twisting and bucking lightly in his lap. He moaned and sighed in response, his hands more eager, his mouth like sexual salvation. I seemed to lose all sense of time, of the world around me, as his lips and tongue explored my breasts. My head lolled back over his thigh, my breath heavy and filled with heat. 

Slowly he moved his legs, sliding them out from under me. He twisted so that our bodies were parallel, and poised above me, Will stared into my eyes, his fingers now roughly kneading my sensitive nipples. "Mina? I want to fuck you now." He moved forward quickly and caught my mouth with his, his talented tongue pressing and massaging my own. In his kiss I lost my breath, and nearly my mind. There was something happening that I was unprepared for, Will had begun to take control of my senses. 

Without a hesitation, I spread my legs for him. I beckoned him to come lay between my thighs as I reached down and slowly wriggled out of my underwear. He moved slowly, like a prowling cat, positioning himself between my knees. Pulling his briefs down, I watched as his full, thick erection sprang forth. Without thought I licked my lips, anxious to feel him for the first time. His calloused fingers traced up my legs, drawing circles on my inner thighs. I practically purred under his touch, pressing my hips closer to his hands, hoping he would make his way to my pussy. Giving a satisfied sigh as he watched me, knowing I wanted his touch, Will moved his right hand, letting his thick fingers slide over my wet slit. A needy and lust filled "Ohh" escaped my mouth, I hadn't ever known I would want him that badly. He pressed two fingers against my clit, rubbing in achingly slow circles. He watched as I chewed my lower lip, my hips grinding forward into his hand. His voice filled with desire he asked, "Are you ready for me Mina?"

I breathlessly nodded, "Yes." His hands moved, grasping my hips and pulling me toward him effortlessly. Positioning himself above me, he let his eyes wash over my body, his cock pulsing just inches from my hot dripping mound. I watched, entranced, as he guided himself past my puffy outer lips, grazing my clitoris, and slid slowly into me. He dropped his hips, filling me as deep as he possibly could, and my pussy throbbed around him, welcoming him in. Will just laid there, pressed against me for a long moment, eyes closed and savoring our bodies together. "Oohh Mina ... you feel so good." I gasped, his words causing me to pulse again. His hands held me tight and with a growling moan he began to slowly grind his hips in against me. 

I reached up, holding tight to his forearms and rocking my hips back against his. I couldn't possibly get enough of the exquisite sensations he was causing within me. My nails bit gently into his skin, and he pulled back, rocking forward into me slowly, the ridges of his swollen cock massaging my pussy. I groaned and bucked to meet him, wanting him faster- harder. I wanted him to fuck me, to take me and claim my sloppy wet cunt as his own. He was holding me back, keeping me slow and forcing me to feel each hip roll, each dip. He was taking me, he was controlling me, and I melted in his hands. 

Just as I resigned, falling into rhythm with his paced movements, he thrust deeply into me, making me cry out. "Will!"

He groaned as he pulled back, sinking into me harder, quicker. He was giving me what I so badly wanted, and my body could barely take it. I shuddered beneath him, the muscles of my inner thighs shaking. He plunged in and out, fucking me hard, making me moan louder and louder. And when he felt my warm, wet pussy clench tight around him, he slowed. Achingly slow, he filled me and left me empty. Each time he pulled back I yearned to have him inside again. His breath getting heavy now, he groaned as he pulled back, "I'm going to cum Mina. Where do you want it?"

I locked my eyes on his, licking my lips and pressing my hips toward him. My voice husky and sore I begged, "Inside me Will. Cum inside me."

Will's eyes went wide, as if I'd just given him the key to the city. And without asking twice he sank into me so deep, I could feel his first hot squirt against my cervix. He held me tight, releasing inside of me what seemed to be a never-ending stream of cum. I cooed as he thrust again, grunting and spurting, like nothing I had ever felt. 

Looking down at me, with half lidded, glazed over eyes, Will let out a heavy breath. "I've been wanting that for so long."

Reaching up, I pulled his head down onto my chest and ran my fingers over his back lovingly. "Me too."