 I ran into the grocery store for only a few things when I saw her. The moment I saw her my erection sprung to life in my pants. It isn't hard to describe her, her vision is permanently ingrained in my mind. 

She was tall, probably about 5'8, Skinny and blonde. Blonde hair flowed straight and midway down her back. She had beautiful piercing blue eyes. A small nose and pouty lips. Her body jumped out at me; no literally with what she was wearing it practically jumped out at me. She had on the cropped backless shirt with no bra. You could tell she had very pert breasts, probably small c-cups. Her nipples are erect pointing through the fabric. She was wearing a light gray very tight leggings that left nothing to the imagination. I don't think she was wearing underwear as the leggings were showing a very clear cameltoe. I even think I could see some dampness. When she walked by me, I could see that her shirt was backless, I was right that she wasn't wearing a bra, and her ass was small and delightful.

As I did my shopping I saw her several times. I couldn't help but notice that the cart she was pushing was empty I also couldn't help but notice that every guy in the store was turning his head to stare at her. A few of the girlfriends and wives even hit their partners to bring them back to reality.

After I checked out and bagging my groceries, I noticed she was standing outside the store. For a moment I wondered if she was a hooker but she looked too well refined, too educated, to clean to be such. I mustered my nerves and approached her. 

"Wow you're gorgeous" was my lame opening line. 

"Thanks," she replied."

"Is everything okay, you looked a little lost in there," I replied. 

She blushed, her whole face turned bright red, "Well," she responded, drawing out the word slowly and hesitantly. 

"What's wrong? Maybe I can help." 

"Any chance you could give me a ride back to campus some friends stranded me here," she pleaded. 

I told her to hop in the car.

"I am Craig," I introduced myself. 

She was Pam. 

"Where are you headed, I asked." 

"Do you know where Sigma Delta Tau is?" 

"The EAT me sorority," I joked, thinking about its greek letters, ΣΔT over the front door, which people frequently spray painted "Me" next to. 

She didn't look amused. We started driving. She was clearly uncomfortable. 

"Is everything ok?" I asked again. 

"How old are you?" she replied. 

"I am 45. Why?" 

"So you are older than my father." 

The way she said it, didn't sound judgmental, it was more like that was what she was looking for.

We rode a few minutes in silence. I tried to keep my eyes on the road, but I could tell she was checking me out. I slowed to a stop at a red light when Pam placed her hand on my still hard cock and began rubbing me slowly through my pants. When the light turned green, I pulled through the intersection and started to pull into a parking place. 

"No, don't pull over here, go to the parking lot behind my house," she pleaded. 

I pulled out (the car that is) and continued to our destination. She continued to slowly explore my hardened cock through my pants.

When I reached the parking lot, she slowly unzipped my fly and awkwardly fished my cock through the fly in my boxers. She stared at its full 8 inches and her face turned bright red. 

"Oh my god, I can't believe I am doing this." She seemed to be on the verge of crying. 

"You don't have to," I replied, "I just drove you home, I don't expect anything in return." 

She started crying. I pulled her towards me, feeling her bare back and just held her against me. 

"Don't worry, you haven't done anything wrong." 

"No you don't understand," she blurted out. 

"You can talk to me, what's really wrong?" I asked.

I held her some more. She continued to hold and fondle my cock, she was moving it around in ways that I could tell she was exploring it, both with her eyes and her fingers. I reached within the back of her shirt and, almost instinctively, moved one of my hands to the side of her breast. Surprisingly, she made the next move, and placed her lips against mine. We kissed deeply. Her tongue trying to explore my mouth in a way I remembered inexperienced girls doing back when I was a teenager. By this time her crying had stopped. She broke off our kiss.

"I really don't want to be doing this, but I have to." 

"What do you mean you have to?, I asked. 

"Ok, I'll tell you, but please promise you won't tell anyone." 

I promised her that it would be our secret. She then started talking very nervously and rapidly.

"I am a freshman pledge here at ΣΔ. This is one of our hazing rites. Each of the pledges was instructed to come to the house this afternoon in the most provocative clothing we could have and to make sure we had no underwear on. We were then each driven to a different store in town. We have to make our own way back and return to the house with a mouthful of cum from someone older than our father." 

She started crying again. I pulled her tighter to me. 

"Its ok, I can certainly help you with that," of course no matter how I said it, it wasn't going to sound right.

"I know, any guy would be willing to help me, But you still don't understand." 

"Understand what?" 

I looked her straight in her eyes. Her eyes, previously so peircing, looked to be a window to her soul. They were big and almost pleading with me, but pleading what?

"I'm a virgin!" She belted out. 

"So, you don't have to give me your virginity." 

"No, you still don't understand, do you? I have never been with a guy in any way. Your dick is the first one I have ever seen." She rolled her hands around it. "I don't even know how to give you a blow job." 

"Just relax," I responded, "are you sure you want to do this?" "No, I am not sure, but I have to." 

I was getting very worked up by her handiwork but wasn't ready to cum quite yet.

"If it is your first time, you need to get some enjoyment out of it as well," I implored. 

I started massaging her breast with my hand that had been off to its side. I moved her hand away from my cock and moved in to pick up her shirt and started suckling on her nipples. She instantly reacted, starting to softly moan. I kept nibbling and sucking when she took my hand and moved it to her pubic mound. From outside of her leggings, I started to grind the palm of my hand. She was moaning louder now and I could feel the moisture from her pussy soaking through her pants.

I moved my hand and placed it inside her waistband. She was soaked. I gently stroked her pubic hair. It was soft and downy feeling. She shivered uncontrollably as I ran my fingers through it. Finally, I moved my fingers lower, my thumb putting pressure on her clit my fingers entering her. I could not believe how tight she was. I barely got past my knuckle, when she started bucking and moaning loudly. After only a few minutes, she was struggling to catch her breath and begged me to stop. I kept going. Finally, I stopped and she just lay there in the passenger seat hyperventilating.

We sat there not saying a word to each other. The car smelled of that strong musky scent of a woman's pussy right after she's cum. The only noise was Pam's heavy breathing. after what seemed like a maternity of silence, she turned to me and said "Oh my God, I have never come like that in my life." 

"I'm glad you enjoyed it," I responded. 

"Oh yeah, I enjoyed it. Thanks so much, I really needed it." 

She again grab my hardened member. "I guess it's your turn now. I'm not sure what I'm doing you're gonna have to help me." 

"Just do whatever comes naturally," I instructed.

She leaned over and licked my shaft from bottom to top. "Kind of salty, but I could get used to it," she commented. 

She opened her mouth wide and drop her whole head onto my shaft. She had no gag reflex at first and her nose was quickly buried in my pubes. I was shocked that on the first time giving a blow job, she had immediately deep throated me. Her throat was so tight and warm. Then the inevitable gag reflex kicked in. Her head popped up, like a cork, as she started coughing and gasping for air. As she pulled off, she was coughing up phlegm and spit. 

She started crying, I can't do this, I'm a failure." 

I pulled her face to mine and gave her a long passionate kiss. "Don't worry, that felt great," I reassured her. 

"It did?," she responded surprisingly. 

"Yes, every guy loves to be deepthroated, but if it makes you uncomfortable don't take it all in at once." 

"But... I thought that's what a blowjob was." 

"You can take as much or as little as you want, you're just supposed to pleasure the guy. You can also use your hands and just suck on the tip," I responded.

She tried again. This time she didn't take me all in. She bobbed up and down on my cock. A few times I had to tell her to use less teeth. She started using her hands rubbing my cock while swirling her tongue around the head. 

"Perfect, it feels so wonderful," I gasped. 

She stopped for a little while to catch her breath, continuing to jack me off with her hands. 

"I won't be able to thank you when I'm done," she said. "I'll have a mouthful, and will have to get inside quickly." 

"What do you do when you get in the house," I asked. "Do you show them your mouthful and then swallow it?" 

"No, we each are supposed to split it into a cup. The active who arrived last, last year, has to swallow a cup full of cum. Isn't that gross?" 

"Depends," I said, "I know some women who like the taste of come and swallow every time." 

"I have no idea what it takes like, she responded, and then with a giggle added "I guess I will soon, I better get going, or else I may be the one swallowing it all next year."

She took me in again and quickly stopped and said, "Thank you, you are wonderful and so gentle and kind." 

"You are welcome," I responded as I felt my dick engulfed again by her warm mouth. She started going faster and on my instruction cupped my balls. "Squeeze them gently," I said. 

Occasionally, she squeezed them a little too tight for comfort. She concentrated her mouth this time on just the tip, her tongue swirling around my glans. My breath was getting shallow, I could feel my balls building up. Pam the tried again to take it all in. This time just dropping her whole mouth and quickly pulling it out of her throat. Her throat was so tight, a few of these repetitive motions sent me over the edge. I held back until I was in her mouth, not wanting her to fail at her task and cam in her mouth. My dick spasmed as I shot load after load in her warm mouth. She pulled off and I could see my cum dripping out of the sides of her mouth. She kept her mouth closed, quickly opened the car door and got out. As she ran towards the house, I could see her put her breasts back in her shirt and watched her cute little ass wiggle into the door of her sorority house.

I sat in the car catching my breath. My now limp and wet dick sitting in my lap. I had never had anything like this happen to me before. A few minutes later, I saw another car pull into the parking lot. As I put my dick away and prepared to leave, I saw a brunette head bobbing up and down on the driver's lap and a shit eating grin on the driver's face. At least Pam wasn't last.

I drove home and put my groceries away. I often thought of Pam, and once in a white went out of my way to drive by the ΣΔT house. But I never saw Pam again.