 Laughter caused her to stir from her afternoon nap and rub the sleep away from her eyes. She'd completely forgotten about the last minute garden party her room mate had decided to throw, she'd gotten the idea in the morning as Scarlet ate her breakfast. They had both been out the night before Scarlet had wanted to drown her sorrows from the ending of her relationship and her best friend slash room mate Rebecca had decided she'd go with her. She didn't have the energy to argue with her and as it turned out they had a really good night out. Not only did Scarlet get to drink her body weight in Tequila she also got to dance until she couldn't feel her feet in her six inch heels. 

She'd decided to have a nap to try and combat the hangover she couldn't shift, even with a pint of orange juice and the greasy pile of bacon Rebecca had cooked for her. She'd emerged from her room looking fresh as a daisy while Scarlet looked like she'd been dragged through a hedge backwards. For once she wasn't fixated on the pain in her heart but the pain in her head. 

"Shitting hell." Scarlet sat up in her bed and yawned deeply as she stretched out her aching limbs and looked around her bedroom. She knew she couldn't go out to the party looking the way she did. 

After a quick shower and a good working over her hair with her curling iron she put on a little make up to hide her dark circles, courtesy of the alcohol and broken sleep. Then she put on a dark blue summer dress that was a little shorter than she'd expected it to be but decided to go with it anyway, knowing how hot it was outside and slipped on a pair of sandals then made her way out into the garden. 

Rebecca, who had a lot more friends than Scarlet was stood by their barbecue talking to a tall well built man who was stupidly good looking but not quite Scarlets type. Rebecca was working her magic on the guy and if she was completely honest it wasn't hard. Rebecca was a tall and leggy brunette with a pair of slightly small but very perky breasts. Unlike Scarlet, Rebecca could get away with not wearing a bra and she today was no exception. The low back shirt paired with probably the tiniest cut off denim shorts made her look gorgeous. Her deep brown eyes always looked like they were hiding all kinds of secrets that men seemed to take for mystery and they ate that shit up like a tasty piece of birthday cake. 

Scarlet on the other hand was about a head shorter than her best friend. Her mousy brown hair that was naturally highlighted by the sun fell just past her shoulders in waves she always put in herself or else it looked flat and she hated it. Her eyes were big and blue giving off a more innocent ethereal look and her pale complexion with a scattering of freckles over her button nose and cheeks just added to the innocence. Her body was curvy in all the right places but she hated how big her breasts and butt were, although everyone else seemed to envy her because of it. 

Scarlet grabbed a bottle of beer from the kiddie pool filled with bottles and ice on the floor and made her way over to her best friend. In the back of her mind she knew she should probably stick to water but she'd decided a couple beers wouldn't hurt anyone. She'd drink water in between, it was summer after all. 

"I wondered when your lazy ass would wake up!" Rebecca pulled Scarlet into a bone crushing hug. The coconut scented sun lotion made Scarlet feel a rush of happiness, she'd always loved the summer and for some reason the scent of coconut always brought on summer vibes.

"I feel a lot better," Scarlet chuckled. "I needed that sleep!"

Rebecca introduced her to the man, Lucas. The three stood around making small talk as he and Rebecca became closer and closer as the minutes turned into hours. The sun began to set and the crowd dwindled then suddenly Rebecca's phone started to ring. She looked at the phone screen and rolled her eye's but still answered. 

"Hello?...I'm at home, why?...Do you seriously have nothing better to do?...Sure if you want but bring more beer...We ran out...Yeah, we had a party...I didn't think you'd want to come!...Whatever...See you soon." She hung up the phone and tossed it onto the grass with a sigh and slight growl. "So Ruben is coming over." 

Scarlet tried to look as impassive as possible as Rebecca announced the sudden invitation of her twin brother. Scarlet had known him for as long as she'd known his sister, which was going on twenty years as they'd all met when they were four years old. They had been in the play area in the local park and Ruben had pushed Scarlet off the swing set, making the four year old cry and run over to her Mother. The two women bonded over how much of a little shit Ruben was at his age and became best friend's, much like the girl with the dark brown hair who looked a bit like Ruben but didn't and the girl with the light hair who's bottom lip didn't stop quivering, did. They had been inseparable ever since. 

As they all grew up together Rebecca and Scarlet had both joined the cheer squad in high school where as Ruben became the school's 'bad boy' getting tattoo's from the age of 16 and wearing ripped jeans and leather jackets. He'd spent the summer before freshman year at their Dad's house and came back a completely different person. He immediately made friends with the 'burn outs' and spent most of his time skipping class and smoking pot in his friend's basement. How he managed to graduate school and even go on to college to study music was a miracle even his own Mother would agree with. 

As soon as she'd seen him get out of his car all those years ago on the first day of school Scarlet had been blown away. She'd never thought she'd want someone like that ever, especially her best friend's brother but something had changed over that summer and he looked so different. She wanted to wear that leather jacket of his and nothing else and just sit around all day doing absolutely nothing. She'd sat in the back of his car as he'd driven her and his sister home when Rebecca's car needed work done to it. She watched the back of his head and secretly inhaled his intoxicating scent, his aftershave with a faint hint of marijuana and something that was unmistakably him, like much needed rain on a hot summer day. 

As the years went by he calmed down with the behaviour but not the attitude. He still wore those devastatingly hot leather jackets and ripped jeans. On the odd occasion she'd seen him in plaid shirts that made her mouth water. The doc martens that he still had from senior year that he sworn by. His hair, dark brown that he now had spiked in a way that only a hair stylist could accomplish, and of course him. She'd spent the years wanting him from a distance, too scared about what Rebecca would say because according to girl code, just like ex boyfriends, brothers were also off limits. 

The party had now became a party of four. Rebecca, Lucas, Ruben and Scarlet. They sat around the firepit drinking beer, Scarlet now on water and chatting. As the night went on Rebecca and Lucas went off into the house, leaving Scarlet and Ruben outside sitting by the dwindling fire. Ruben glared at Lucas as he dragged his sister into the building and Scarlet held back a chuckle. He'd always been protective over his sister. 

"I really don't like the idea of that douche hooking up with my sister." He said glowering at the embers in the fire. His voice was deeper than usual. "Go in there and stop them, Scar." 

"No fucking way!" Scarlet's eye's widened at the thought of catching her best friend going at it with some muscle man. "Leave her to it, she's a fully grown woman." 

"She's twelve years old." He mumbled causing Scarlet to roll her eyes. 

"Well then in that case so are you." She pointed at him and his dark eyes finally met hers over the now small flames. "Shit, that makes me twelve too." 

He rolled his eyes at her and shook his head. He lounged back against the pillows and let out a yawn, it was nearing midnight and the air had cooled considerably making it rather chilly outside now but neither of them wanted to go inside out of fear of what they'd see or hear once they got in. Scarlet noticed him pull his jacket around his body and looked down at the thick oversized blanket that was currently keeping her nice and toasty. Biting her lip she played with the frayed edge of the blanket. She thought about sharing the blanket with him but didn't want to seem like a desperate idiot and then thought fuck it, the guy was obviously cold.

She quietly stood up and looked anywhere but at him as she moved over to the small improvised bed on the floor made out of a thick ground mat and big comfy pillows that he was stretched out across and gingerly lowered herself next to him. She placed the blanket over the pair of them as he sat up against the pillows and gratefully took the offering. 

"I'm uh, sorry to hear about you and Matty," He said suddenly making her realise she hadn't even thought about her ex boyfriend since Ruben arrived at her house two hours prior. "I thought you two were in it for the long haul."

"Yeah, me too." Scarlet shrugged her shoulders and let out a breath. She didn't like to think about the break up because it had been so brutal and out of the blue. "But what can you do, right?" 

"Still," He started and Scarlet's heart began to race as he rested his hand on her bare knee under the blanket. "He's a fucking idiot." 

He hadn't expected for her skin to be so soft when he touched it. Sure, he'd always thought she was cute. How could you not? She'd always looked so innocent and angelic with those freckles and big blue eyes. He'd noticed how she'd looked at him back in school and if she wasn't best friends with his sister he would have fucked the shit out of her in that sexy little cheer uniform she'd worn. That skirt had left little to the imagination with that ass and damn did she have an ass! 

He'd spent the best part of 10 years trying to control his urges around her but every time it just got harder and harder, as she grew up her cuteness became beauty and tonight as she sat next to him with the amber glow of the fire lighting up her features she looked down right sexy. He wasn't sorry about her break up, in fact when Rebecca had filled him in about it he'd fucking smiled on the other end of the phone. He'd never liked the guy and not just because of the way Scarlet's eyes would light up whenever she looked at him but because his eye's didn't in return. He didn't know what a diamond he had and he just tossed her aside like she was nothing. 

"I heard about you punching him at the bar," She said turning her head to look at him. "You didn't have to do that." She smiled. "But I'm glad you did." 

Ruben smirked at Scarlet as he thought back to two weeks ago when he saw the drunken idiot in the bar he'd always gone to since before he could even legally drink. He was surprised to see Matt in there but wasn't surprised to find him sniffing around his best friend's girlfriend when his back was turned but Ruben's wasn't. He'd got in his face about it but that wasn't why he'd hit him. He couldn't even really remember what he'd actually said, just the fact that he'd saw red as soon as he'd heard Scarlet's name come out of his mouth and flew at him. Luckily he was friendly with the owner and security so he wasn't thrown out but Matt was, and effectively banned from ever going in there again. 

"I fucking knew you liked her," He'd shouted at him as the huge security guard dragged him away. "You have no chance you fucking waster!" 

He'd smirked at him as he'd watched the blood flow freely from his nose and his eyes already blackening from the punch. One punch and he'd fallen like a sack the sack of shit he was. 

Scarlet looked into Rubens dark eyes and returned his smile as his fingers resting on her knee began to rub in small circles. She looked down at his full lips and felt a rush course through her body when his tongue snaked out and over his bottom lip as quickly as it was there it was gone and before she knew it they were both so close to each other she could feel his breath cascading over her face, the faint scent of beer and cigarette smoke. 

"Scarlet," He breathed out not moving an inch away from her as his hand began move from her knee to her thigh, so thankful for the super short dress she was wearing. "I've kept my distance from you for years but I don't think I can any more. If you don't want this then please say it now because if I start this I don't think I'll be able to stop." 

"Are you being serious right now?" Scarlet asked, unable to believe what she was hearing. If this was a joke then it was a really cruel one. "This isn't funny, Ruben." 

"I'm as serious as this," He stated and took her hand then placed it over the erection in his jeans. Even through the fabric she could feel how large it was and she immediately felt her panties become a little damp. "I've wanted you forever, Scarlet. Seeing you in school in that uniform was fucking everything, why do you think I went to all of those football games, for my love of sport? Come on Scar you know I hate that shit." 

She was at a loss for words so she went with her instincts and lifted her leg, sliding over and into his lap facing him. His arms came to rest on her small waist and his eyes quickly darted to her large breasts and then to her eyes, then to her lips. All thoughts of either of them respecting any kind of code were long forgotten as their lips met briefly as if testing the waters, a light touch of their lips and then pulled away. 

"You're fucking beautiful." He said and pulled her back in for another kiss.

His hands went into her curly hair and her mouth opened to accept his tongue, slow and sensual as his grip in her hair became tighter. The arousal that he was feeling was way more intense than he'd initially thought and he was finding it really hard to hold back. The way she tasted as she lightly sucked on his tongue before plunging hers into his mouth was stealing his breath and making him crazy. 

"You're shaking," She gasped out when he pulled away to run light kisses down her throat. "What's wrong, Ruben?"

The sound of his breathless name on her lips sent his pulse into overdrive and he shook his head, taking her mouth again as his hands caressed her face. 

"I've wanted this for so long, Scar." He groaned against her open mouth, he flicked his tongue against her upper lip quickly. "I'm trying really hard to hold back, I don't wanna hurt you."

"Don't hold back." She breathed out. "I'm not a fragile doll. I want all of you Ruben." 

"Are you sure because all I want to do is fuck the living hell out of you." He growled nipping at her bottom lip.

A thrill swam through her body and she smiled at him. In all of her sexually active years all she'd wanted was to be taken and fucked mercilessly, especially by him. People assumed that because she looked so innocent that they had to be so gentle with her but that wasn't the case at all. 

"Ruben," She looked him dead in the eye and then smirked at him. "I want you to fuck me so hard I can't walk properly tomorrow." She reached down and grabbed the hem of her dress, pulling it up over her body leaving her in her black lacy bra and matching panties. 

"Fuck-" 

Ruben reached around and effortlessly flicked open the clasp of the bra that was barely containing her breasts. He slowly pulled the straps down over her shoulders and the bra came off. Looking down at her tits he looked back up at her and raised a surprised eyebrow at the metal bars in each of her rosy nipples. Of all people to have nipple piercings Scarlet was the last person he'd suspect and fuck, did it turn him on! 

Scarlet pushed the worn black leather jacket away from his shoulders leaving him in his navy blue Fred Perry polo neck T shirt and got to work on removing that too. She looked down at his body, slender but muscly, not bulky and huge like the men Rebecca seemed to always go for. Ruben was always tall and lanky but through school he'd began hitting the gym and the tall skinny guy became a little bulkier but in a way that made Scarlet feel funny. 

She looked down at his chiselled abs, the few tattoo's he had scattered across his chest and the full sleeve tattoo's on his arms made him look absolutely sexy as hell. Before she knew it, Ruben had flipped her over onto her back. Leaning down he took her nipple into his mouth, his tongue swirling around the cold metal barbell going through the puckered nub. When he sucked her nipple into his mouth, she cried out and buried her fingers in his dark hair, something she'd longed to do for years. 

Ruben ran his hands down Scarlets body, taking in every inch of velvety soft pale freckled skin as he went. His lips followed suit as he made his way down her body, his tongue leaving a trail of wet heat before dipping into her belly button for a moment. His fingers hooked into the waistband of her black lace boy shorts and pulled them down over her legs. His hands running back up over her smooth legs and thighs as he parted them, spreading her open. Another hint of glinting silver sent a massive thrill right through his body and going straight to his cock which was now so hard it was starting to hurt pushing against his tight jeans. He quickly unbuttoned his pants and pulled them off in a bid to relieve some of the pressure. 

"You have your nipples and your clit pierced?" His voice was a low growl as he looked up at Scarlet, she was propped up on her elbows looking at him with a shy smile and bit her lip as she nodded her head yes. "Fuck me, Scar I swear you never fail to amaze me, when did you get these done?" 

"Senior year on a dare." Her voice was raspy as he lightly pushed his index finger against her clitoris and moved it in a small circle making her breasts rise and fall with each quick breath. "I liked them so I kept them." 

"I'm glad you did, baby." He lowered his head to her already dripping pussy and kissed around her inner thighs. She was hairless, waxed to perfection and without a flaw. Her pussy was swollen and oh so juicy looking he couldn't help himself and went straight for her opening, shoving his tongue in as deep as it would go, which was quite far. He'd been known for the length of his tongue in the past, even in school random girls wanted to hook up with him because of the rumours and he'd almost always obliged but the only pussy he'd really wanted to taste was hers, now he was finally doing it and she tasted better than he could have ever imagined. 

He slid his tongue through her folds and up to the swollen bundle of nerves peeking through the pierced hood and slowly licked it like he was devouring an ice cream cone. His middle and index fingers slid inside her and curled upwards pressing against a spot that made Scarlet arch her back and throw a pillow over her face to muffle her moans. Ruben reached up and pulled the pillow away, wanting to see her face and sucked her clit into his mouth. He moved his fingers faster inside of her pussy and sent her into an overwhelming orgasm as her legs shook violently and her back arched. He groaned as he felt her contracting around his fingers. The sound of her crying out his name as she came hard on his face made him even harder, which he didn't even think was possible. 

Reaching over for his jeans he grabbed his wallet from the back pocket, hoping to god he had a condom. He couldn't take it any longer and he wanted to be inside her so bad. He'd never slept with anyone without using protection, you couldn't be too sure with the girls he usually took home. Of course Scarlet was different but he didn't want to over step any kind of boundaries right off the bat. He looked through the black wallet and groaned when he found nothing. He gave her an apologetic look and flung the offending empty wallet onto the grass. 
