 I was on my way home a little later that night, still smarting from rejection. Sitting at the top of the bus, legs crossed, I stared out of the window into the darkness. As I thought back over the events of the night, I was dimly aware of a reflection in the window of the bus. 

He was sitting a few rows behind me, a days worth of stubble lining his muscular jaw, and his eyes were locked firmly on mine in the reflection. He was making very sure that I'd noticed him staring, and even though I flicked my eyes away, each time I sneaked another peek, he was still there, staring me right in the eye to catch my attention. 

I worked my eyes down his reflection as discreetly as possible. He was wearing a grey sweater and jeans, the muscular lines of his body obvious beneath both. I imagined for a moment how strong his arms would be beneath the sweater, and perhaps how they would look at they braced his body above mine. I shivered slightly, with the anticipation and arousal, and unconsciously caught my lower lip between my teeth. Looking back up to his eyes in the reflection, I caught the faintest glimmer of an amused smile in the deep blue eyes, and he hastily looked away, running a hand through his spiky black hair. 

I could feel my pulse start to accelerate, and uncrossed my legs so I could turn in my seat slightly to get a better view. He was running his eyes over my body now, and even though little was visible beneath my thick winter coat, his attention was obviously drawn by the sight of my black stiletto boots and a few inches of skin between the boots and my coat. I shifted slightly to let a little more skin show, and I could see him draw in breath sharply, and muscles in his face tighten as he clenched his jaw, his hands on the seat clenching reflexively. 

Suddenly feeling quite hot, I unbuttoned the two top clasps of my coat, and reached up to move my hair away from my neck. I felt a sudden heat in the seat beside me, and there was a whisper of expensive cologne. Hot breath had all of the hairs on my neck on end as he whispered in my ear, "I know I don't know you, but I want you so badly." 

I turned to him then, my hand moving to touch his thigh lightly, which was just as muscular beneath the jeans as had been promised from across the bus, and asked, "Where can we go then?" He smiled wolfishly, and pressed the button to stop the bus.

Five minutes later, he removed the keys to his apartment from his pocket and guided me gently, hand just above my buttocks toward an apartment block. I could feel the heat from his hand through my coat, and my arousal was obvious by my racing pulse and the way I had to breathe more to get any oxygen. I could feel every thread of my silk dress slipping across my body as all of the minute hairs on my body stood on end in anticipation. 

While the lighting outside the apartment block was good, it was full of shadows. He opened the door, and guided me inside, his hand never leaving my waist until he had closed the door behind us. The hallway was dark. 

With a sudden twist of his wrist, he forced me up against the wall of the staircase and kissed me hard. His mouth slowly moved down, until it was just under my jawline, where he then proceeded to gently kiss the sensitive flesh all over my neck. I swooned, unable to stay on my feet without help, and he slid his hand down to my waist again to prop me up. He was so strong! 

I was completely helpless, teetering between enjoyment and fright. This man could do anything he liked to me and I was powerless to prevent it. But, on the other hand, I didn't want to prevent anything this man might do to me. I slid my hands up his arms to his broad shoulders, imagining what they would look like without his shirt on.

He reached round and pinned both of my arms back with one of his enormous hands, pressing his body into me to keep me in place. I could feel his arousal through his jeans. He moved his mouth back to mine, tongue entering me now, as he kissed me long and deep, his free hand caressing my neck and jaw. I closed my eyes and gave in to the sensations of his kiss and his caresses, feeling his stubble rake my jaw roughly, and his body pressing me up against the wall hard. 

Just as quickly and quietly as he had pressed me up against the wall, he released me, and turned to open the door to his apartment. I was left panting for breath, feeling a flush rising in my cheeks and upper chest. I was very aware of my swollen nipples, and the way they longed for his touch. The door open, he reached for my hand and led me inside. 

It was pitch black, and the warmth hit me as I stepped inside. Closing the door behind me, he gave my hand a quick squeeze, and in a deep baritone, which I had failed to notice earlier, told me to stay there for a moment. He disappeared quietly into the darkness, leaving me on my own. It must have been at least 30 degrees in that apartment, and I took off my coat -- I was already warm enough from his attentions. 

I only had a second or two to reflect on how dangerous it was to go home with a complete stranger, when he was back at my side. Gently guiding me with his hand on my waist again (although this time it was sliding lower) he led me through the darkness of his apartment to an unmistakable bachelor bedroom. He'd lit a couple of candles, and in the dim light I cast my eyes around: large bed in the middle of the room, with a fireplace at the end. He hadn't lit the fire, but I could only guess that it was because he didn't have the time. 

He took my coat from me, and ran his eyes appreciatively over my purple silk wrap dress, where it was clinging to every curve of my body. He laid out my coat carefully on a nearby chair, and came forward again, drawing me into his strong arms. His hands fitted almost entirely around my waist, making me feel impossibly small, and he kissed me again, this time with much more force than before, letting me know how much he wanted me. 

His breath had become ragged too, and he undid the tie at the side of my wrap dress, slipping it from my shoulders, where it fell in a crumpled heap at my feet. Revealing my black lace underwear, he ran his hands over my breasts, feeling the nipples so stiff and warm already, concentrating on the sensitive underside of my breasts. I gasped as he slid his hands down my stomach and hooked a fingertip under the top of my lace panties. 

He ran his finger all back and forth along the top of lace, tugging gently as he did so, causing a wave of pleasure to run through the core of my body, bottom to top. His other hand moved up my back and to the nape of my neck, as he tilted my head and kissed my neck again. He moved his mouth to my earlobe, and pulled on it gently with his teeth. 

Releasing me, he slowly knelt in front of me, and started to unzip my right boot. I put my hands on his shoulders for balance, feeling the warmth of his hands move up my thigh and stop just short of my pantyline. He caressed my bottom, massaging the muscles there, and then pulled off my boot. He unzipped the left boot too, kissing my calf, and massaging the muscles there, before moving his hands higher up my thighs, slipping one between my them, and further up, feeling the warmth and wet arousal between my legs. 

I stroked the head in front of me, running my fingers through his hair, and pulling gently at it. He seemed to like that, groaning slightly, and standing up in front of me again. Without my boots on, I suddenly realized how tall he was, and he was now looking down on me. My bare feet sank into the thick carpet, and I realized that I wanted him too, much more than I had ever wanted anyone else. 

I pulled impatiently at his sweater, aware that I would never be able to get it over his head, and he grasped it by the neckline and pulled it over his head to reveal the most incredible upper body. His chest had a slight covering of hair, and his shoulders were well defined. I could see why he was so strong. 

He stooped to undo my bra, letting it fall to the floor to join my other clothes, and took my breasts in his hands. He let out a sigh, and moved his mouth to them, sucking first one nipple, then the other. The feeling of his hot mouth on my aroused nipples was almost too much to bear, and I moaned aloud. His hands seemed to be all over me now, caressing the sensitive flesh on my hips, tugging at my panties, keeping one nipple occupied while he sucked the other. 

I ran my hands over his back, finding a tattoo on his left shoulder, shivering, groaning, shaking. Sensing the time was right, he lifted his mouth from my breasts, and lifted me up onto the bed. He lay me down with a firmness that was not to frighten, but to tell me who was in charge here. Once on my back, he removed my panties, allowing his fingers to graze over my charged up erogenous zones in the process. 

He fumbled with the buckle on his belt, and removed his trousers and underwear, to reveal that I had obviously had the same effect on him as he had on me. He was very, very erect, and it seemed to be an effort for him to restrain himself. He came over to the bed, and lay down beside me on it. I could feel the slight breeze from his movements, and it sent my skin into overdrive. 

His cologne was still filling my nostrils with its heady scent, and he ran one finger down the entire length of my body, between my breasts, down my stomach, and into the little triangle of hair between my legs. I could feel him parting my lips, and reaching inside with that finger of his, and he must have done this more than a couple of times before, because he hit just the right spot, and I arched my back and groaned aloud with the pleasure of it. 

He smiled again, and moved to my neck, pressing the spot again, and the kissing me below the earlobe. I could feel the cotton sheets below my bottom, as I writhed with pleasure below his touch. Panting now, I arched up to meet his touch again, begging for more. He denied me, though, parting my legs with his hand, he knelt between them, his hot skin brushing mine. Once again he bent to kiss me, turning his head at an angle. It was then that he entered me. With a sigh, he slipped into me slowly, gently, playing with me. 

The sheer shock of the size of him, and how very stiff he was made me gasp. It was all so slick -- I was so ready for him. He pulled out of me, without reaching in all the way, and continued to do so slowly, like he was drawing a violin bow across my taught nerves. I grabbed hold of his shoulders, digging my nails in to urge him on. His arms looked just like I had imagined (what felt like days ago) in the bus. His mouth was slightly open, his eyes still locked on mine as he moved in and out of me so slowly. 

We were both covered in a light layer of sweat, the consequence of the warmth of the apartment and the arousal. It only added to the slickness between us, and we were soon gliding together like we'd been oiled. We were lost in a rhythm, panting, gasping, whispering our enjoyment to each other. I closed my eyes, feeling my muscles start to tighten. He must have felt it too, because without breaking rhythm, he moved his mouth to my neck again, and started to kiss me lightly. His chest hair brushed against my engorged nipples, further heightening my excitement. 

Just as I thought he couldn't possibly have anything further to offer, he withdrew from me almost completely, and then re-entered, pushing further in that I had ever felt. He moved all the way down inside me, shifting his weight from arm to arm to get better purchase above me, and it was then that the orgasm hit me. I felt as though it went on forever, safe between this stranger's arms, oblivious to anything else, and I writhed with pleasure, clawing at his back, and pressing my head back into the pillows. He had speeded up, completely unable to control himself any longer, and followed me soon after, letting out a groan of relief, hands twisting the sheets on either side of me. He remained in me for a couple of minutes longer, head hanging with exhaustion, sweat visible on his brow, and I could feel his heartbeat hammering.