 Scarlet and Joe came through the door of the cabin after their stroll around the lake giddy from the moonlight. Neither was dressed for a stroll as they were supposed to have attended a cocktail party for Joe's office. He was in his favorite black suit and paleish red shirt and black tie. She had her trademark black dress with the slits on the side and the V's in the front and back, the one that accentuates her legs and full hips and makes you wonder where all the cleavage comes from. As they entered the room they viewed the even more erotic scene before them: roaring fire, wine and glasses on the cocktail table, soft candlelight, and her favorite old love songs playing on the stereo.

"This is almost more romantic than the moonlight lake was" she sighed in that sultry way only she could.

"It's not as beautiful as you" he stated matter-of-factly.

They stroll arm-in-arm to the divan across from the fireplace and snuggle into the fur encasement to drink in the mood of the room, in all it's erotic tension. They glance from the fire to each other only to find even more tension, sexual tension like neither had ever felt before. The look they shared was a mix of the sultriness of the room and mood and the tension of that sultriness and the nervousness they both felt. They had known each other for some time but never in this close a sense. They both knew there had been a sexual tension between them but neither had been willing to completely acknowledge it because of their situations. 

He was married to his high school sweetheart and had never even looked at another woman like he did Scarlet. She was married to the man she thought was her dream man but had come to realize that maybe her dream wasn't of one man but a compilation of men.

They looked at one another with a combination of knowing and anticipation and knowledge of what was to come. Slowly he gingerly kisses her dark red lips in a manner he was so unaccustomed to, it caused a slight chill to go up his spine. Her lips were so soft and receptive that the kiss began reflecting the hunger he had for her and the true passion he was sure only she could give him. His fingertips grazed her cheek as their lips melded into one set of lips. Their breath came is pants. Suddenly she pulled away from him, rose and walked somewhat unsteadily to the table where the wine and glasses sat.

"Would you like a glass" she all but whispered breathlessly.

"Uhh... yea I guess that might be a good idea" he said.

She poured both glasses and walked back to the enticing fur. Handing him one she retreated to the stereo to change CD's and put this one on repeat. Then she went back to his side. They both sat in their own thoughts and sipped their wine for a few moments. She leaned forward and sat their glasses on the table and slowly leaned back. He looked into her eyes and saw his passion reflected in them. She gently pushed him back against the fur back of the divan. She began planting butterfly kisses all over his face until she came to his lips. She kissed them with more passion and desire than he thought he could ever feel. She slid away from them and went back to the butterfly kisses and as she kissed him she removed his jacket, loosened his tie and unbuttoned his shirt.

The air was electric with their passion as she slid his tie over his head and ran her hands over his heaving chest through the opening of his shirt. He tried to raise a bit to untuck the shirt but she pushed him back again. He realized that this usually quiet meek woman was now in control. She was directing the direction of their passion now and while a part of him knew he should be the one leading he was somewhat grateful for her newfound lustful force. She was now nibbling on his ear and occasionally darting a tongue tip in. As she did this she slid his shirt over his shoulders covering the recently bare skin with kisses and licks from one shoulder to the other gracefully going lower with each pass. She had a feast on his neck, kissing, licking, and nibbling which only made his nipples and cock all the harder.

She was teasing him unmercifully and he tried to raise up against her to hurry things along only to be put right back where he was. He resigned himself to the fact that he would just have to wait his turn to do all the things to her that he had thought about. While he was having these momentary thoughts she continued with her oral assault of his neck and shoulders only with a new twist. She was teasing his nipples now. He had never before liked anyone touching his nipples before but suddenly it was the greatest sensation on earth. Suddenly her mouth was on one nipple, licking and sucking it. He thought he would cum right then and there. She trailed kisses to the other one only to do the same to it. He knew he would have to divert his thoughts or he would explode, or divert her and he decided his thoughts would be easier to divert. He began trying to think of his plans for her to move the sensation a bit.

She began to trail her lips to his belly, as the kisses roamed the surface her hands went gingerly for the belt, button, and zipper. Her graceful fingers undid them swiftly and yet adeptly. He yearned to have those blasted pants anywhere but covering is manhood at this minute and yet she wouldn't allow him to remove them, he could only sit there in blissful agony, wanting what he had never had before but somehow knew it would be tonight. 

"Oh that's right you goof, think about a blow job and get yourself even more fired up than you already are" he lamented.

"here I sit, a grown man, never had a blow job, about to get one and I'm forgetting all about the beautiful woman who's lips are nearing their target" he chided himself.

Meanwhile she now began working his pants and underwear down a bit but still she wouldn't allow him to help. She was still fully dressed so he tentatively moved his hand towards the zipper. Just as he made contact and started to pull it down, she jumped up and went over by the fireplace. He just knew he had done something wrong. Instead she reached behind her and slid the zipper down, then as if in slow motion the dress slid to the floor exposing the sexiest lingerie he had ever seen. He had never even seen anything like this in the catalogs or on the web-pages he liked to peruse. She stood before him backlit with the warm glow of the fire in a black bustier with garters holding up lace topped stockings, and then there were those heels that said 'FUCK ME' loud and clear. The image alone was enough to make him shoot a load to the moon. She slinked gracefully yet purposefully towards the divan like a cat stalking it's prey. He rose quickly and dropped his pants to the floor as he sat down then began kicking them off before she could cross the room to him.

She slithered onto the divan planting a deep kiss on his lips before trailing her kisses to where she was before she moved, right at the belt line. He wanted to move her head further down but was afraid to not only because of his nervousness at finally having a woman's mouth there but also because of his wish to prolong this wondrous feeling of sensuous passion she exuded in her technique. He could feel her breath breezing past his hot, hard cock as she kissed all over his body. Her fingers traced little patterns on his thighs as her lips and tongue did a dance over the rest of his midsection. The trailing was getting lower and lower. Suddenly she bypasses the center of his heat and goes for his thigh instead. After what seemed like hours she trailed her tongue up his inner thigh to his tight sac, tracing tiny circles on it to the point where he could envision that load hitting and putting out the sun.

Her tongue traced thin lines up and down his rock rod as it twitched and strained to be wrapped in her red velvety lips. She flicked the ridge of the cap of his cock with her tongue and then planted a feathery kiss on it's soaked head. She looked up at him with wet lips and smiled then lowered her mouth over the head and inhaled. Her mouth slid down his cock until he thought it would come out her pussy. He leaned back to enjoy this wondrous sensation as she slid up and down this twitching beast. Suddenly he could take no more and he reached down and raised her to the fur, laid her back and penetrated her tight hole.

In this position he could better control himself and save that load trying to escape. After several hard strokes he unloaded that load. He dropped over her, pinning her to the furry encasement to briefly catch her breath but that was not to happen. She kissed him still trembling from her own orgasm, which renewed him and his desire for her. He was hard again already, that had never happened to him before. He kissed her back with a cross between tender passion and ardent desire. He began allowing his kisses to trail as she had done, he wanted her to feel the same things he had. He kissed her face and neck but was anxious to get to her beautiful breasts. He spent a long time kissing, licking, nibbling and suckling her breasts before finally attaching his lips to those hard nipples. She moaned in pleasure as he gently chewed and sucked them. He decided she was ready for a change when he had trouble staying at her breast because she was pushing him so hard to move further down. He kissed a trail down her belly similar to the way she had done him but unlike her he could no longer await her sweet nectar. He had to taste her juices. His lips trailed over the top of her bald mound and his nose was wrapped in the wonderful aroma of her womanly scent.

He darted his tongue gingerly between the mounds slit, vaguely hearing the moans escape her. He had never done this before but somehow it felt so natural to him, almost like he had been doing it all his life. He traced her slit with the tip of his tongue, his fingers feeling the warmth within. Suddenly he spread her lips and plunged his tongue deep into that hot cavernous part. She began bucking against his face as if she was trying to drive it in deeper. He began lapping the hole like a kitten lapping milk savoring her taste. She was now bucking so hard he had to try to hold her still so he could continue his exploration. He raised the tip of his tongue to her hard, swollen clit and she started screaming, so he shoved 2 fingers into the hole which only seemed to incite her further. 

Now it was her turn to be able to take no more and she threw him back onto the fur and mounted him as if he were some stallion. She ground on him as if she was trying to drive his already hard cock deeper into her depths. Finally after feeling her come several times more he put her on her knees facing the back of the divan with her nipples just close enough to the fur to tease them with each mighty thrust. He thrust into her easily and hard, many strokes and single strokes with her bucking back at him meeting every stroke he gave out. 

Finally she breathed out "Oh God Baby Please give it all to me finish me..."

He was only too happy to comply and he began pounding away at her until she collapsed on the back of the divan and only half heartedly pushed back before he blew that last load deep into her belly.

They both collapsed into a mound on the divan panting like they had never done before and more sated than either could have ever possibly dreamed of being. They curled up on the furry divan and dozed of into the sated sleep only one well fucked could feel.