 She was on all fours in front of me, her shortish dark hair hanging forward, caressing her cheeks. She was warm and milky white, soft and silky smooth. I knelt behind her, knees on the floor between her lower legs and placed one hand on her ass and ran the other down her spine and back. Then taking my thumb and beginning at the coccyx I slid it all the way to the base of her neck, tracing the tense muscle that runs along the spine. I repeated on the other side as she dipped her top half slightly forward, acknowledging and encouraging me. She took a breath through her nose, held onto it and exhaled with a push from the diaphragm, making a hissing sound as she did. I rubbed her back a few more times until she straightened herself up, intimating to me that the next act was due. 

I looked down at her curves and her Cyclops was staring up at me. I was holding her ass with both hands now and I slid one between her legs to feel her darkness. It was there as expected. Hot and wet and super-slippery, she was turned on by the anticipation of the sex to come. My hand motioned back and forth in the slippery dip she had offered me, my longest finger reaching for her clit and sliding around it. I rubbed away at her for a short while, switching her off and on as I discovered small spots of pleasure within her purple lips. Her pretty mouth opened just enough to allow her to breathe through it as her heart rate increased.

Her head was tilted to one side, one shoulder slightly higher that the other. Hands flat on the floor, she took one and with a single finger gently removed the hair from her cheek and placed it behind her ear. She turned her head gingerly in my direction. Our eyes met, recognition and desire and naked vulnerability – we were making art!

My first finger made its way into her opening and I felt the plushness of velvet that was waiting there. Her head rocked a little and her mouth opened some more. She made a little sound that made no sense. I listened intently as if it did. My heart rate increased and my blood was rushing through me with excitement. My eardrums were pounding and my chest was tensing up. My cock was rock hard and my balls inched closer to the rest of me. She adjusted herself so that her legs were just a bit more further apart, then dipped her head and chest, simultaneously pushing her ass up toward me. I was really turned on by this and stuck a second finger inside her wetness for good measure. She moaned approval. She liked it. I liked it. I leant in close and smelt her. I inhaled pussy and muskiness and something indescribable. I saw flashes in my mind's eye. I smelt again. Inhaled long and deep, the scent of a woman. I took my fingers out and replaced them with my tongue. She rocked presently at the wet on wet feeling. She made little love sounds.

I could smell her ass as I licked her purple lips. They were swollen now but that just meant more for me! I gave a couple of deep licks into her pussy and made one long lick all the way up to her Cyclops. I licked again. She raised her head slightly and gave a little "ahhh" before pushing her ass towards me. I stopped momentarily, a hand on each cheek, observed her glistening Cyclops and began kissing the inner side of her butt. I could smell her loveliness and I wanted to make it mine. When I had completed a circle I put my mouth on her precious and softly sucked. Then I licked some more as she gave little moans of delight. Warm, slippery, musky, rosy – my desire increased as I involved myself more and more. 

Enthusiasm rose up within me in waves that made me rock with each ebb. I was growing hotter and hungrier for her. I held her ass to my face with delicate dexterity and searched and found the secret circle that was now all mine! I angled my head so that it rested against one butt cheek and pushed my tongue along the edge of her anus. She groaned. I swapped sides and did the same and she groaned again, this time with a little more control in her voice. I sucked and licked her ring with confidence, her sounds reassuring me, encouraging me, enlivening me. 

She held her milky white ass in front of me with poise, afraid to rock or buck lest the pleasure lessen or halt. I continued to devour her secret. Her breathing became more rapid and her cheeks flushed red, patches of warmth breaking out across her body. The Cyclops continued to give forth its musky scent, ratcheting up my horniness. My senses being invigorated through the process as the sacred aroma triggered memories of previous encounters.

I paused, reared up slightly and took a breath. She sensed the moment and reached back with one hand, grabbing my cock. She pulled my hardness to the entrance of her pussy and placed me deftly at the door of this exclusive nightclub. She propped and wriggled and took in my head. Hands on her ass, I rocked on my knees and slid into her. She let out a hiss. I retreated. Arm outstretched, hand on my thigh, pulling, beckoning, she wanted me now. NOW.

I charged forward a little too fast and she bucked, nostrils flaring, eyes flashing. I slipped myself back and this time got the pace right. She moaned long and low. In, out, in, out. I was fucking her pussy and it felt fantastic! Intuitively sensing my rhythm, she rocked just enough to meet my forward thrust and waited patiently after I withdrew. We made little slapping sounds as we came together and hissed as we separated. Our skin hot. Heat gathering in obscure places and rivulets of sweat running down our bodies. In, out, in, out. Slap, hiss, slap.

Her pussy could now swallow all of my hard cock. Her pubes were wet with desire and exertion. I thrust into her and she clamped onto me. Held me in check and displayed her strength, momentarily. I felt something deep inside myself change shape. She relented. I pushed again and she moaned, a sound I hadn't heard before and can't describe. I took my eyes off her rear and focussed on what I could see of her face. She was delirious, breathing hard, shaking her head gently and drooling on the floor. I would have wiped her face but there was no way I getting any overtime at that end right now!

Shoulders propped now, arms stiff and straight, back arched, muscles tensed and displaying their hidden beauty. She was gorgeous! Wet and hot and horny as hell. Slap. Hiss. Slap. She hissed and her cheeks rippled. Half her tongue hung out of her drooling mouth. I fucked harder. She called to me. I don't know what she said. She called again. I fucked harder and faster. Her leg started to shake and then the rest of her followed. I felt her vibrate through me and then I started to shake. From the inside out. I felt it low down and then felt it move up within me. The hot force that takes the spiral path. My head rocked and my eyes saw nothing. My third eye saw the white light. She went stiff and silent. Then screamed like a night cat, then moaned long and low, then let out a series of hisses, again making her cheeks ripple. She went slack.

I stared down at her with admiration, her back glistening with exertion. We were still joined and I pursued her sweetness with vigour. Her pussy was all mine. My mouth was dry. My shoulders were hot. I held onto her ass tightly. My cock was at full mast and plunging into her. My third eye saw the beginning of things. I saw colours and shapes without edges. Flames! Fire! I exploded into her dampness. She made a little love sound. I shook and heaved and shook again. I stayed there for a minute or two, I don't know which. Just savouring the physical unity for a moment or two longer. Absorbing the oneness of the ancient act.

She lay collapsed on the floor on her side, exhausted and I didn't feel any different. I lay down beside her, facing her back and embraced her. She took my hand in hers and placed it between her breasts. She took a deep breath and I did the same. Making small adjustments we shaped ourselves around each other and fell asleep. The warmth of our bodies enough for now, heartbeats in unison, breathing in perfect time with one other.