 Dear Readers:

This is a scene, which is rather different than a story. I enjoy writing scenes. Scenes, for my purposes, are not as developed as a story. While they do explore the details of a sensual encounter between two (or more) lovers, they do not always depict multi-dimensional characters with fully formed backstories. More plainly: I enjoy writing smut. Having said that, I hope that you enjoy. Cheers.

* * *

He slipped behind me in the narrow space, the crotch of his pants grazing against my ass. I knew he had noticed the contact, it had even seemed intentional. It wasn't the first time tonight that he had brushed against me. We'd been dancing around each other for months, but we had thus far avoided crossing that line. Both of us had agreed that the consequences made it not worth the risk. What has changed?

Nonchalantly he continued chatting about work, but arousal had so flooded my senses that I didn't hear a word. I stared at the documents I'd just been flipping through, no longer able to focus on them. 

A minute passed before I came back to myself. He asked if I was really looking at the papers in my hand. Honesty seemed best: "no. I'm still thinking about you brushing against me. I enjoyed that." I felt like a child playing with matches in a tinderbox. The risk didn't matter; the excitement did.

He turned his head away, unable to suppress that guilty, mischievous smile. I could almost read the thoughts as they played across his face. Surprise at my bluntness. Temptation to push this further. "You are trouble," he murmured. 

"I know. I've warned you that I am." His accusations don't phase me. He, too, is trouble. 

A few minutes later, he followed me into the next room. Standing close, too close, he resumed making his usual inappropriate requests: "just one picture, will you show me?" No. I've always said no to his half-teasing question, but my flimsy resolve has likely contributed to his persistence. I did want to show him the naughty photos I'd posted privately online. I wanted to turn him on.

"Show me yours and I'll show you mine."

He inched even closer as I shuffled the same files he kept distracting from. He taunted me with his nearness, daring me to cross a line — any line. I turned toward him, calling his bluff. I slid my leg closer to him, practically between his. I wanted to rub my thigh upward against him; I felt like molding my entire body to the attractive man before me, but I resisted. I stood, unmoving, so close that I could feel the heat of him. "Sometimes I just want to press myself against you." We both held our breath as our bodies nearly touched. If I leaned forward even slightly...

His hand brushed against the top of my thigh, crossing that invisible line. Electric pleasure jolted through me. I made a small sound of surprise and retreated abruptly. I took a deep breath, trying to center myself as I found my balance again. Shit. No touching, I thought we both knew the rules. 

Nevertheless, standing at the counter, I could think of only how badly I wanted his hands on me. Stop it, I rebuked myself. There are rules. "We shouldn't be touching," I shook my head to try and shed the lust bubbling up within.

"Why not?" he asked with playful eyes. He knew why not. Weren't we still vying for the same promotion?

"I know I just invited it." My weight shifted toward him involuntarily. "But we shouldn't. Touching leads to more touching, and so on." I tried to refocus on what I was working on, failed, then glanced over at him.

"Don't tease me," he said, his hand reaching for my thigh. "You liked it." 

I had only a moment to decide as he moved to touch me again. I didn't retreat.

His fingers moved confidently from the top of my thigh toward the inner line of my slacks. I gasped, shocked by sensation and by his boldness. He paused, and I didn't move. I couldn't move. I couldn't breathe. Heavy waves of lust were pulsing through me. The subtle ache between my legs grew to a low, throbbing need. Shit.

After a moment, he pressed on. Strong fingers grasped at my thigh. He slipped his hand between my legs and lifted, confidently tracing a line across the seam at my crotch. Hot lightening flashed through me. My skin felt like it was on fire. He shifted his body weight, standing ever closer. His other hand trailed up the back of my thigh and brushed my ass once, twice, then he was grabbing a cheek with just the right amount of pressure — a sexy, sensual caress. 

I didn't want him to stop. I wanted more. We'd been talking about breaking the rules for months, but it had only been talk. Flirtation. This is the first time he's ever laid a hand on me. The thought of his hand sent another surge of heat through me. Awareness of the small movements he was making at the top of my thigh intensified the aching between my legs. I wondered if my thin slacks might reveal just how hot I found this entire scenario.

I suppose I had been daring him to touch me. All week I'd kept suggesting that he wouldn't, saying that he was all talk. But what do I really know about what he would or wouldn't do?

He removed his hands and stepped behind me. My nervous stomach fluttered. He lifted the back of my shirt, "just a little more and," his hands slid against my skin, clutching at my waist. Fuck. Air became too hard to access, too complicated to consider past the sensation of his touch. He leaned into me then, pinning me to the counter, pressing his hips into my ass. His hardening cock was palpable against me. "I could fuck you right now, like this."

I knew he couldn't. The risk was too great. Our coworkers and supervisors mingled about the building. We had no privacy to speak of, we just happened to be alone presently. But he squeezed my ribcage and leaned in harder, grinding into me as his warm breath hit my neck. "There are so many ways I'd like to take you," he said smoothly. "From behind," he thrust once against me and coherent thought faded as arousal overwhelmed me. "Sitting on this counter with your legs spread," a hand slid down my waist, along my thigh, then roughly grasped my knee and pulled my legs apart. Excitement crackled through me. We could be caught, we both knew we could be fired for this. "But first," he ran his hand back up my thigh and reached forward between my legs to stroke a smooth line of his fingers against my nether regions. I couldn't believe this was happening. I was drowning in dizzying desire.

He removed his hand from between my legs and before I could find my breath, my long ponytail was pulled taut in his grasp. "I've had so many fantasies about fucking your mouth." I glanced to the side, still worried someone might walk in. He gave my hair another yank and my thoughts snapped back to the strength of the man pressed against me. My skin felt flushed with white-hot arousal. This man knew just how I wanted to be handled. 

"I think of you kneeling in front of me." He forced my head to the side, exposing my neck. His warm breath struck the sensitive skin. "I'd love to shove my cock down your throat until you gag." He promptly began using his mouth, kissing firmly against my neck. 

A pleasurable weakness flooded through me. "Oh," I moaned for him, unable to stay silent. I couldn't process how good it felt to be controlled by him. He's known for months how I've wanted him to handle me. We constantly tease one another. But words are not actions; this new game took us much further afield than we'd ever played. To have my body dominated in this way, by this man, was nearly too much. 

He groaned, a frustrated sound. "If I pull out my cock right now, would you put it in your mouth?"

I shook my head, knowing it was too risky. I glanced around again. All of this was too risky.

"What if I took you into the closet?" His voice was low. "Would you suck on it, just for a minute?"

I made another small sound. It wasn't a "no," but wasn't the answer obviously no? The thought of taking him into my mouth tightened the aching need within me. I wanted it. But fuck, he should move away from me right now. Anyone could come around the corner right this second and catch us.

He leaned back, his hands finding my hips and pulling my resistant body backward with his. I could feel his erection growing against my ass and I shuddered with pleasure. Surrendering, I followed his movements. "Good girl, this way." He steered me toward the hallway, to the large black door that led into the storage closet. 

Before rational sense could rally to stop this, I found myself standing within the tall, narrow space of the closet. He closed the door behind us and promptly had my back against the wall. The darkness of the tiny room was not quite complete — light slipped in at the edges of the door. His dark eyes sparkled, reflecting the line of light within the dimness. He touched my lips with gentle fingers. "This mouth..."

The first brush of his lips was tentative, testing, teasing. The next added teeth and a little nibble of my bottom lip. Then, deeply, he kissed me. The full weight of his body pinned me in place and his mouth aligned with mine. A hand traced up under my shirt and I mirrored his movements. I felt the warmth of his skin under my palm, the press of his thigh between mine. I was pinned, and the pleasure of it was intoxicating. 

"Please," he said between his fist kiss and his next. His tongue slipped past my lips and brushed against mine. Our mouths synchronized and I felt a rush of satisfaction. Yes, just like this. "Please, you know what I want." I found my hand drawn like a magnet to the front of his pants. I did know what he wanted, what we've both wanted since summer began. My impassioned body would deny this no longer. His mouth was on mine again and the desire within me became dizzying once more. I craved the feel of his cock — in my hand, filling my mouth, slipping between my legs. I've been imagining scenarios similar to this exact moment for months.

He felt my movements as I reached for him and he stilled. In the confined space of the closet it seemed I could sense the magnetism of his body begging for me to touch him. I molded my fingers over his slacks. Clutching his wide shaft, I stroked once along his full length, then twice, then again. He broke away from the kiss and arched his neck with another frustrated sound. 

I chuckled despite the thick sexual energy filling the tiny room. He squeezed my arms, hard. "Tell me that you want to suck my cock."

A flash of gleeful trepidation at the warning in his tone. I stroked him again but remained silent. Yes, I did want to suck his cock. I enjoy pleasuring a man with my mouth; it turns me on. It would especially turn me on to have this man inside of me — in my mouth or otherwise. I've hinted as much before. But I bit my lip, rebelliously refusing to respond.

My silence elicited a hip thrust against my stroking hand. "Say it." The threat in his voice vibrated against me, thrumming through me with intoxicating warmth. It bound me as though it were a spell of enchantment, and I felt my weak resistance slip away. I reached down to undo his pants, and a moment later I slid my hand under his briefs and around his shaft.

I held him firmly, not too tightly. This power dynamic between us shifted. He relaxed his grasp on my arms as my warm hand encircled his dick and stroked down to his base. My hand moved back toward his tip and I rotated my palm over the end of him. I did so again, trying to watch his expression in the dimness. I licked my lips as I translated what I felt in my hand to what I'd feel in my mouth. Yes, please.

I pushed us back from the wall, steering him with pressure from my grip on his manhood. I released for a moment, long enough to grasp his clothing and tug it down with me as I knelt in front of him.

"Yes," he hissed. 

No preamble: I moistened my lips and brushed my cheek up the length of his erection until his tip was at my mouth. I glanced up in the dimness and wondered how well he could see. Would he notice my satisfied grin? 

My handless blowjob began with the flat of my warm tongue against his crown, exploring this sensitive part of him. I pressed my lips against his tip and manufactured pressure as I slowly took him into the narrowed opening of my mouth. He filled the space within me and then some. My jaw muscles stretched. I knew I could take more, but it would be an effort, it would take concentration not to—

He grabbed the back of my head, twisting his fingers into my hair. He shoved his cock down my throat. Shock and sensation shook me as he withdrew, easing himself out of me. Then once more: thrust. 

I gagged this time and I heard him murmur above me. "Just take it." He thrust again, and then again. 

Handless blowjobs were out. I grabbed his shaft and began to stroke him as he thrust past my lips. The added spacer barely kept him from driving into the back of my throat, but it was just enough. He held my hair and fucked my face while I used my tongue against him. I rotated my grasp in rhythm with him, and after a moment, I lifted my other hand toward his balls. 

I'd barely touched them when he suddenly withdrew, releasing me and stepping back. Cold disappointment blew through me. 

"Stop," he chuckled softly. My disappointment warmed as I heard his smile in the darkness. "Stand up, please."

I could barely see the offered hand when I accepted his help to stand. Once I was vertical, he spun me around and pressed the front of my body against the wall. "I'm going to pull down your pants now," his smooth voice hummed behind me in the darkness. I shivered with pleasure. His hands promptly went to the clasp at my slacks and tugged them down, revealing a thin layer of black lace underwear. "Mm," he purred, running his hand over my ass just as he had before. Fluid movements of his fingers had my panties pulled down before my next breath. 

"Is this how you want me to fuck you?" I felt his weight shift and the hard length of his warm, silken cock rose up between my thighs. He continued, "—in this dark closet, the taste of my cock still in your mouth?" His manipulations lifted his crown to press against my wet folds. Jesus. A surge of libidinous need left me dizzy again. I could hardly think through this intoxicating desire. He grasped my hips and rocked them slightly for a new angle. He made me move my legs and then kicked aside our discarded garments before returning to his former ministrations. The wide, warm cock against my opening pressed in ever so slightly. 

"Yes," I whispered, practically begging for this, pleading for him to enter me. 

He pressed in a fraction further. "God you are so fucking wet." 

"Please," I spoke without thinking. 

He stilled behind me. "Please, what?"

It was my turn to be frustrated. I squirmed and he forcefully grabbed my arms and pinned them to his chest with one of his muscled biceps. "Please... this?" He steadily increased the pressure and the crown of his cock slipped into my pussy. He continued, holding my body at just the right angle to slide deeper. He pressed further inside of me, filling me with his thick shaft. 

I moaned for him and suddenly felt his hand over my mouth. "Quiet," he scolded. Voices echoed in the hallway outside, but he didn't pause his slow, steady penetration. He pulled me closer and whispered at my ear, "this is how I'm going to fuck you." He reversed direction, an equally unhurried motion, until I felt he would slip out completely. My body vibrated with arousal and sated itself in his sensuality. His commanding control of my limbs and mouth contrasted starkly against the delicacy with which he moved inside of me. 

He began again and slid carefully up, impossibly deep, deeper, and with a small moan I felt his hips meet my ass. A sensation of fullness overwhelmed me. I hummed a whine past his fingers.

"You can't make a sound." His hand on my mouth remained firm, limiting my heavy breathing to my nose. He whispered at my ear: "not even when I pump you full of my cum."

An already racing heart hammered harder in my chest. His next unhurried plunge between my legs brought thoughts of his hot seed pulsing deep into my pussy. I moaned into his hand and he clutched more tightly. I felt completely bound by him, controlled. "Shh," he continued. "You're going to take it," a more forceful thrust, "I'm going to fill this tight little cunt," he tightened his hold on me, "and there's nothing you can do about it."

My knees weakened as he returned to his measured movements. The voices from the hall still echoed faintly under the doorframe. "Don't move," he said quietly as he relaxed his grip on my arms. I glanced to the side in time to see him stealthily flip the latch, locking us in. His cock pulsed once inside of me. "Good girl."

He then slipped his freed hand down my lower abdomen. As his length leisurely entered me and his hand found my clit, I felt like his possession; I was now his to do with as he pleased. The thought was accompanied by a rising wave of pleasure as his fingers circled my sensitive button. I could not think through the sea of sensation and my knees weakened without warning. He didn't break rhythm; he just held me more tightly.

I felt it building then: a molten wave was rising with each slow thrust. He played my body like a familiar instrument as his fingers danced against my clit. A throbbing pressure entered into my awareness — he's going to make me come.

I pressed my palm atop the hand over my mouth, holding it firm. I clutched at the blank wall, fingers grasping at nothing. 

He murmured in my ear. "I can feel your pussy tightening." His breathing grew heavy. "Tell me you want it."

I nodded frantically, feeling my wave begin to crest. 

"You want my hot cum inside of you?"

I nodded again, clawing at the wall as every sense began to fragment and shatter.

"Good girl," he said as his steady rhythm gained a new intensity. I tried to be silent as heat surged between my legs. Flaming pulses of his cum pumped deep inside of me. The primal energy between us in this moment pushed me over, and I surrendered to my climax as it broke over me. 

I screamed my pleasure once into his hand — into our hands — as he continued filling me with every thrust. He buried his face into my shoulder and neck. I felt teeth against my skin a moment before the pressure hit. I swooned, unable to handle the onslaught of sensation. His breathing came fast against my unbroken skin. I rode out my orgasm as a hot trail of sticky fluid slipped past his cock and down my leg. His finger at my clit sent shudders through my body and my toes curled against the hard floor. 

The moment of ecstasy lingered as his movements slowed. My pussy clenched around his cock, pulsing with each flick of his finger. My shudders elicited a reciprocal jolt of the large cock still inside of me. He lifted his teeth from my neck, and our breath cascaded heavily into the dark closet. Aware of our mutual satisfaction, he removed his hand from my mouth and gently leaned into me. 

"Much better than my fantasies," he said quietly, kissing my neck with surprising tenderness. I took pleasure in the shift to softness as he gently held me to him. 

A minute passed, and we both moved to separate. I shuddered as his shaft left me, then I turned and knelt down. I didn't hesitate; I licked the mess we'd made off of his delightful cock. Sweet saltiness touched my tongue as I savored how he tasted — how we tasted. I took him into my mouth and rolled my eyes up to look at him in the darkness. My hand lifted to caress his balls, and his head rocked back. 

When I'd finished, I stood to face him and then noticed his grin. He promptly knelt down, lifted my leg onto his shoulder and I nearly collapsed as his tongue slipped over my clit. A moment later, I felt him slip two fingers inside me. When they curled against my g-spot, only his grip on me kept me from toppling. His motives weren't the same as my playful cleansing of his cock; he continued sending surges of pleasure through me with every flick of his fingers and tongue. The dizziness returned, and I clutched my hands into his dark hair. "Stop," I whispered. 
