 "So what's one thing you like a woman to do while having sex?"

Where did THAT come from? I look up from my book, a little surprised.

"You want to hear about me having sex?"

"Something men enjoy"

"Yeah," I chuckle. "You first."

She smiles demurely, "I asked you first."

There's a subtle song in her voice. I'm 40. Twice her age. Old enough to be her father. I'm a safe person to flirt with. She's testing boundaries or experimenting or something like that.

I dodge. "Men are all different. I can tell you what I like, but it might not apply to other men."

She weaves. "So tell me. What do you like?"

I really don't want her to think I'm some creepy old man, but she is a beautiful young woman. Intelligent in conversation. Comfortable to hang out with. A bright flame whose smile and laughter radiates and warms the people around her. Maybe I worry too much? Maybe I should just see what happens?

Let her lead the way. "You really want to know? well, OK - but you tell me something first."

She twists to lean over the arm of the couch in my direction, pulling herself forward slightly so that her shoulders and chest hang over the arm. It's difficult to keep my eyes away from the neckline of her blouse, but I manage.

Still smiling, "OK. But then you have to tell me something"

She shifts around the rest of the way so that her knees are pulled up under her and settles her elbows onto the armrest. She lifts her chin up to look at me mischievously. With her chin raised as it is, gravity pulls at the neckline of her shirt just enough that even looking her in the eye I can see that she isn't wearing a slip or bra.

Her smile changes a little and I can feel the blood start to migrate away from my brain.

"I like to make guys go down on me before I let their cock touch any part of me ..."

She pauses for just a moment. I'm trying to be casual, but is this really happening? If I stood up from my chair her mouth would be at the perfect height. And with her chin raised the way it is ... 

"It isn't that difficult to get boys to do pretty much whatever I want."

Now it's my turn to smile. "I bet all that Brazilian Ju Jitsu comes in handy."

I imagined some fool trying to take charge and finding himself in way over his head. Her parents had signed her up for Ju Jitsu classes when she was pretty young and she had stuck with it.

She smiles and moistens her lips, raising up onto her knees so that her back is level. I wish there was a mirror on that far wall. Tomorrow I am buying some mirrors!

She persists. "And while they're down there I make them lick and kiss my ass," she says lowering her chest and head. Across the silky waves of her hair I can see the tender, delicious curves of her skirted ass sticking up as she continues, " ... and I'm not just talking about the curvy parts"

I follow her hand as she reaches back to slowly smooth her skirt down the curve of her ass. She calmly states, "I'm not into anal sex. I just like to let them know that they really do need to kiss my ass if they want a piece of it."

Her hand lingers at the hem of her skirt. My pulse is racing. Her cheeks and lips are flush. Casual has gone on holiday. I start to lean forward in my chair slowly, but she kneels straight up suddenly. I freeze. No sudden moves. Both hands run up the sides of her skirt. She glares at me with an unmistakable hunger. Her hands and the hem of her skirt both come down slowly with her panties. She has both exposed and concealed herself at the same time. The tease is maddening.

Her voice is low, predatory, almost a growl. "Your turn. what do YOU like?"