 The scent of candles fills the air as my hand pulls you to me...

Bringing you tight to me I kiss you full on the mouth as my hand slides over your tight ass, caressing it through your skirt...

You moan into my mouth as my hand follows the curves of your body over your ass and up your sides...

Our bodies grind closer together, the heat building between us as our passions rise...

I pick you up and carry you into the candlelit bedroom, the scent of our passion and that of the melting wax only adds to the sensations...

I gently nuzzle your neck, as my fingers unbutton your blouse and free your breasts to my hands and my searching tongue. I lick around the sensitive nipples before taking each into my mouth, causing you to pull me tighter to you.

Your legs spread with the mounting passion that is growing inside you, I slide between your legs as I slowly trace the curves of your breasts with my tongue and follow the contours of your face with my fingers

I slide your skirt over your hips and travel down your belly to the front of your panties, pulling them to the side I breathe in the sweet scent of you, before running my tongue over your swollen lips, your hips lift off the bed begging me to continue

I hold you down to the bed as my tongue parts your lips and I taste your sweetness, as it pours out over my tongue. I use my fingers to open up your sweetness as my tongue continues to lap up all the sweet nectar that rolls out as I pleasure you.

I slip a finger into you causing you to moan, and my mouth finds your clit. Slowly at first I bring the finger in and out of you as I suck your clit into my mouth. Again and again I build the pressure bringing you closer and closer to release.

I slip my hands under your tight ass and pull you towards me, slipping my tongue deep inside you I rub your swollen clit with my finger and look up into your eyes, begging you to cum in my mouth... cum for me baby, cum for me

Your moans and thrashing about show me, as your sweetness floods my mouth that you have 

And it's only just begun...

You lay back, temporarily satisfied, as I lick the sweet juices from you... cleaning you with my tongue and rewarding myself with such a wonderfully delightful appetizer. For I'm sure the meal is just beginning.

I lick my way back up to your lips and feel your wet pussy grinding against me as your hands unzip my jeans and pull down my zipper freeing me from the confining material. Our lips lock passionately and your hands slide up and down my shaft, spreading the precum over the length, we slide further up the bed as you push me on my back and climb ontop of me. I slide my jeans off as you kiss my neck and continue to stroke my hard cock.

You lick around my sensitive nipples as my hardness grows even more as you go lower to taste the precum oozing from the head. I run my hands through your hair and feel the velvety warmth of your mouth surround me and take me deep into your mouth, your hand sliding up and down the wet shaft as your moans mix with mine.

I grab your thighs and swing your ass around so I can continue to taste you and share the pleasure that you are giving to me. Both of us tasting each other, the scent of our passions on the air both of us headed to release once more...

I insert a finger into your tightness and feeling your sensitive inner wall and licking it clean of all the sweetness and bringing you closer and closer to the edge, I take your swollen clit again into my mouth and lick down past your lips to dip inside your tasty pussy and continue on to lick the tight bud of your ass, my fingers continue to manipulate you towards ecstasy as my tongue probes you everywhere...

Soon I'm rewarded with a moan around my cock as you flood my face again with your sweetness and I continue to lap you up as a starving man... I hear a muffled moan of unhappiness as I bring you up from my hard cock and lay you on your back, I look deep into your eyes as I softly kiss your lips and stare deeply in the candlelight as we position my hardness at the entrance to you...

I gaze deeply into your eyes as I slide forward into you and back off slowly, again and again very slowly sliding in partially and backing off again. 

We start to gain a rhythm as I go deeper and deeper into you, your legs wrapping around me and pulling me in farther and farther as the pace increases, I grind into you gazing in your eyes as your hands grasp my shoulders...

I pull back and roll you to your side, pushing your knees up to your chest. I enter you from the side and your tightness brings me pleasure again and again as I slide into you again and again before rolling you all the way over onto your stomach, I bite into your neck as I drive into you again and again, each thrust bringing another moan of passion from you.

I slide a hand around to stimulate you swollen clit as I continue to pick up the pace and bring you to the edge again...

I roll you over and through your legs over my shoulders as I rub the swollen nub with my thumb and pound you into the bed, causing you to scream and coat my cock in your sweetness...

You climb off the bed to take me in your mouth, my eyes beg you to finish me. You look at me, lustful eyes and your hands sliding up and down the shaft. Your breasts glisten with sweat as you kneel between my legs and moan around my cock. I rush on to an intense finish. Finally I erupt with a moan, you continue to stroke me as my cum shoots over your lips into your mouth, the next shot hits your neck and drips to your beautiful breasts, again and again my body spasms, my toes curl, my eyes watch the sensuous beauty of you glistening, lustful eyes watching me...

... clean me baby... finish me with your mouth and hands... bring me off... taste me... taste the sweetness that is you... taste us together and then kiss me... so I can too.

The night has just begun, the scent of our passion like that of the candles, grows...