 As the girls headed back from their successful shopping trip, the conversation turned to the police officer who stopped them earlier.

"It was so hot watching him fuck your tits," Tina said, "I never thought something like that would make me horny."

"Me," April said, "you're the one who licked his cum off me."

"That's because I love it. It's the one thing that keeps me from eliminating men from my life completely. There's nothing better than getting your face splattered with hot sticky man juice and then licking it off."

"Nothing?" April asked incredulously.

"Well maybe having a strange cop shove his thick cock up my ass."

"NO WAY!" April screamed.

"Yeah way. He started playing with my ass and I told him if was going to be doing anything back there he had to use his cock. Of course he agreed."

There was a short silence as April's demeanor turned serious. "Did Jeff ever fuck you in the ass?" She asked quietly.

"We're not going to get into this are we? Look, it was a few weeks compared to what, two years? There's no way he ever chooses me over you no matter what we did."

"That's not an answer. I need to know."

"Once."

"Did you swallow for him?"

"April, I really I don't see what this is going to accomplish. You'll either be mad at me and I won't get what you promised tomorrow, or you'll get mad at him and who knows what happens then."

"Tell me."

"Fine. I sucked him silly. Every chance I got his cock was in my mouth. I'd suck him off and then keep sucking 'til he got hard again and then he'd fuck me senseless. When we were together he came in every hole I offered him. I gave him every sexual experience he wanted and he still picked you." Tina turned in her seat staring dejectedly at the countryside flying by.

"You love him don't you?"

"I doesn't matter, the only person he loves or will ever love is you," Tina said sobbing.

They drove along in silence, April's head spinning with ideas.

She pulled the car onto campus and found a parking spot. "I have an idea," April said cryptically, "can we go to your room and talk?"

They gathered their bags and went to Tina's room. Tina rushed to the bathroom and cleaned up the tears that had streamed down her face. She returned and sat on the bed facing April. April took her hands and looked in Tina's eyes.

"I don't think you gave him every sexual experience he wanted," April said knowingly. "You didn't bring another woman into his bed. We could do that together, tonight. We could tell him our secret, and we could share him and he could share us. I know he still has feelings for you. A woman doesn't do those things for you and then you just forget about her."

"I don't know April, what about John?"

"Do you really have feelings for him or do you see him just to be close to Jeff?"

"Am I really that transparent?"

"To another woman who is in love you are. And just in case you're unsure I thought of something even hotter than the strange cop sticking his cock up your ass."

"What?"

"You have to agree try this first."

"Okay, but I think you're wrong. Besides even if he freaks out I win because then I'll get you all to myself."

"Fine, but imagine Jeff fucking me senseless and spewing inside me."

"Hot, but not better than the cop."

"I'm not done Miss Impatient. Now you slide between my legs and suck his spunk out of my hot, wet, sticky pussy until I come.

Tina shuddered at the thought. This may be worthwhile after all. "Okay you win. Now how are we going to do this?"

They spent about half an hour concocting the plan, and then April went to find Jeff.

She found him on the quad playing Frisbee. His shirt was off, sweat glistening on his muscular frame as he chased down the spinning disk. April walked to him and put her arms around his waist, "Come on, I have something to show you."

Jeff flicked the disc to his friends and walked hand in hand with April back to his room. They didn't say a word during the short walk, Jeff's eyes glued to the bouncing breasts only partially restrained in the clingy camisole. Once again they succeeded in slipping April into his room undetected and she immediately pushed him back onto the bed.

Jeff lay there watching as April peeled the tight top over her head, her breasts bouncing free of their confinement. His gaze never left her as she stripped the jeans and panties off and dropped them in a pile on the floor. Standing before him completely naked, she spoke in a soft hushed tone.

"I missed you today. All I could think about while we were shopping was coming back here and making sweet passionate love to you. Will you do that; will you make love to me?"

Jeff nodded his agreement as April climbed onto the bed with him and unbuttoned his shorts. She quickly pulled the shorts off leaving them naked together on the small bed. Her hand encircled his cock as their lips met. She slowly stroked him as they kissed, mouths opening to accept probing tongues, his hand enveloping one of her heavy breasts and squeezing it tenderly.

April threw a leg over him and slowly lowered herself until the tip of his cock was barely touching her warm wet pussy. "I love you," she said as she pushed down onto his penis. The day's events had left her moist and her lips parted easily, accepting him into her as they both moaned softly. Once he was fully inside her, April simply laid on him, her breasts pressing into his ribs, her cheek resting on his chest.

She felt his hands brushing her hair and then caressing down her back. He could only reach the top of her pert bottom and his hands then slid up her ribcage, just the fingertips skimming across her skin. The pressure increased as he reached the swell of her breasts being forced out from between their bodies. They lingered there only briefly before retracing their path down her ribs and up her back. Jeff repeated this soft sensual circuit a few more times before April began to slowly rock her hips, pulling herself up off his cock before sliding back down it.

Jeff met her thrusts, keeping a slow steady rhythm as April rose up to sit directly on his cock. He was at her mercy. She was the one setting the pace, her perfect tits bouncing slowly in time with her motions. He put a hand between her legs, seeking her hard love button but she pushed him away saying, "This is for you. You can take care of me later."

April rose up until his cock was just barely in her and then quickly pushed him in again. Her pussy constricted around the thick pole invading her as she repeated the maneuver. Jeff moaned with delight as he was enveloped in the wet warmth of April's pussy. She could sense him getting close to coming and slowed her pace until she wasn't moving at all. Leaning back she ran a hand across her breast, down her taut stomach and between her legs. Her nails grazed the exposed portion of Jeff's cock before moving up to her clit.

Jeff was watching intently as his girlfriend masturbated with his cock embedded in her. He was surprised to hear her voice. 

"Do you like watching me do this?"

"Mmmhmmm." Was all he could muster for a response.

"What else would like to see me do?"

Jeff couldn't believe she was asking him these things. "Play with your tits," he said hoarsely.

April's hands immediately went to her chest. She pressed them together before massaging them and tweaking her nipples. "This is what you told me do during the pictures," she moaned. "It made me wet when I touched them for you, it's making me wetter now."

Jeff thought he would blow his load as he watched her slither a tongue down her creamy tit and suck her hard pink nipple into her mouth. Her moan resonated through her body as she sucked the other one as well.

"Is that what you wanted," she asked with a sly grin.

"That was incredible," he said as he watched her hands continue massaging her tits.

"What else do you want?" April asked as she pressed her tits together. "I'll do whatever you want, however you want, wherever you want."

Jeff gave her a quizzical look, "What's going on?"

"Nothing, I just want to please my man. For the afternoon anything you want is yours. You can have me any way you want or need. So, right now, the only question is where you want to put the hot load of cum building up in your balls. Do you want to fill my hot wet pussy," she purred, "or maybe shoot it all over my big tits or in my mouth or maybe you just want to cover my face with your hot white spunk?"

She licked her tit one more time. "So what's it gonna be baby?" She asked leaning forward and kissing him deep, her tongue probing his mouth as his cock slipped from her pussy, her hard nipples raking across his chest.

He put his hands on her shoulders and pushed her down his body. Jeff almost changed his mind when he felt the soft flesh of her breasts slide over his engorged cock, but he pushed her lower. "Suck my cock," he said throatily. "Suck it until I blow a load in that pretty mouth of yours." 

April twirled her tongue around the crown, tasting her juices, as she stroked his swollen shaft. Her mouth engulfed the thick cock, lips sliding easily to the base and back up the veined pole. Jeff's fingers intertwined her hair and he set the pace, pulling her up and pushing her down, his thick cock making her cheek bulge.

She sucked hard, the fat cock filling her mouth as she slid up and down it. It was only a few minutes before she felt it pulse, the viscous liquid filling her mouth before she could swallow. Even a large gulp couldn't keep her mouth from overflowing, but she continued sucking even as small rivulets of white leaked from the corners of her mouth. April stroked him, coaxing a few last spurts into her mouth. She swallowed these and held Jeff's cock between her lips as it softened.

She lay between his legs, tongue swirling around his flaccid tool, inhaling his musky scent. After several minutes, Jeff's cock began to twitch. April moaned deep, relishing the feeling of him growing in her mouth. As he stiffened, her hand stroked his shaft while her lips kissed and sucked the sensitive head. Jeff was fucking her face, his cock sliding deep down her throat, and it was making her incredibly wet. 

April desperately needed something, anything inside her. Her thoughts drifted to Tina and how wonderful it would be if she were behind her now, shoving that thick dildo into her pussy while Jeff fucked her face. Jeff pulled his cock from her mouth, disrupting the fantasy. He got off the bed and, after a quick rummage around one of his drawers, tossed April a bottle of massage oil.

"What's this for?" She asked with a knowing smile.

"Lubrication. Oil up those beautiful tits so I can fuck them."

April flipped the top and drizzled the slick pink liquid over her heaving chest. She couldn't suppress a moan as she touched her breasts and massaged the oil into them, the scent of strawberries filling the air. April's chest glistened in the sunlight as Jeff pulled her to a sitting position. Standing at the edge of the bed he wrapped the slick tits around his pole and began fucking them. April's hands were on his ass, clutching him to her with each thrust. Her hard nipples pressed against his hips, the rocking motion stimulating them beyond belief. 

He drove his rigid pole between her tits, the soft flesh yielding to his hands as he squeezed. April moved her hand between his legs and fondled his heavy sac, massaging his bulging testicles. She looked up at him and, seeing the lust in his eyes as he fucked her tits, urged him on. "Fuck my tits baby. Pound that hot cock into my chest; blow your load all over my big boobs." Her tongue slithered out and licked the head each time it emerged from her cleavage. "Come on and coat my heavy udders with your jism. Come all over them and watch me lick them clean."

The last statement was all Jeff needed to hear. An image of his girlfriend licking his cum from her tits was burned into his mind and was what he needed to reach the point of no return. He pulled his cock from between her breasts and stroked it furiously, long ropes of hot semen splashing against her full, round chest.

He stood before her, cock in hand, as April took a finger and smeared some of his issue on each nipple. Looking into his eyes she lifted a breast to her mouth and licked it to the nipple. The combination of tastes, salty from the semen and sweet from the massage oil, mingled in her mouth. Jeff was still stroking himself as she finished one tit and moved on to the other. As she ran her tongue along her tits she couldn't help notice Jeff was once again rigid. Letting her tit fall from her mouth with a loud pop, she reached out and touched the crown.

"Where do you want to put it now?"

With a wicked smile he replied, "On your knees."

April quickly spun around, got on all fours, and turned to Jeff saying, "In my pussy please, take that stiff cock and stick it deep in my cunt."

Jeff was happy to oblige and thrust hard into April's steaming hole. She was so wet he slid all the way in her, the walls of her pussy clenching around his cock. April came immediately, her body thankful to be filled. She groaned her release as Jeff pounded into her, his hips slapping against her ass. "God that feels so good," April whimpered.

"What feels good?"

"You pounding me with your big cock."

"Yeah, you like my big dick? Seems like you're being quite the slut today, sucking me off then licking my cum off your tits. Now you're cumming all over my dick the second I stick it in you. Sounds like you've turned into a little slut."

"But I'm your slut."

"I like that, 'my slut.' Well keep fucking me slut. Keep fucking me so I blow this load deep in your sloppy wet cunt," Jeff said as he slapped her on the ass.

"Again," April moaned, her pussy spasming as he struck her.

Jeff slapped her again, "you like that slut. Fuckin' tramp likes it when I smack her ass."

April's arms gave way, her face pressed into the pillow as Jeff fucked her and slapped her rear. He stroked into her a few more times before screaming in release, the pillow muffling her cries of pleasure as his hot seed filled her. He pulled out of her sloppy pussy, their mingled juices leaking down her thigh. Jeff shoved his slick cock in her face as his fingers slid over her engorged clit, bringing her to multiple orgasms while she licked his dick clean.

April's tongue roamed up and down his semi-erect penis, licking up the salty liquid. One last suck along his length and she lay back on the bed, Jeff standing over her.

"That was so hot," Jeff said breathlessly. "What did I do to merit such a willing girlfriend?" He asked as he joined her on the bed.

"Nothing special," April replied, "I just want to please my man, make sure he knows what he has."

Jeff took April in his arms and reassured her, "I know what I have and I hope you do too."

"I do," April said kissing him gently before extracting herself from his grip. "I need another shower," she said heading for the bathroom.

Jeff watched her disappear behind the door and rolled onto his back, staring at the plain white ceiling. He couldn't explain the change in April. She had always been sexual but throughout their relationship it was pretty vanilla. This weekend was quickly turning into Baskin Robbins 31 flavors. "Don't think, just enjoy," he told himself, but somewhere in the back of his mind he knew she had changed. The question that nagged at him was whether he liked it. Well, he would see how dinner and the evening went. 

When April emerged from the bathroom, towel wrapped around her and barely covering her pert bottom, Jeff was napping quietly in the bed. "Rest up," she said quietly stroking his cheek, "you're going to need it." 

She quickly got redressed and put a few things into a smaller bag. April set the hastily scribbled note next to the radio and set the alarm. She glided out of the room and made her way back across campus to Tina's room. The brunette opened the door, her eyes red from crying. April closed the door behind her and took the sobbing girl into her arms. 

"What's the matter?" April asked softly.

"The fucker yelled at me in front of everyone when I broke up with him," she replied through the sniffles.

"Well that just shows his maturity. We already established you were just seeing him to be near Jeff, so screw him," April said forcefully.

Tina giggled, "I won't be, that's why he was mad."

"See you're over him already."

The women hugged and April got some tissues from the bathroom for Tina. She wiped away the tears and after an hour or so April had her laughing and happy again. As planned, Tina helped April get ready for her dinner date and the dessert that would follow.