 Nb: this part was written in conjunction with Gunde - thanks to him.

xx

Suddenly, the pair of full, bronzed globes of taut mass that comprised Candi's ass swelled outwards in perfect synchrony, being pushed out far past the teen blonde bombshell's hips while she had out a horny moan roll off her tongue in waves coinciding with the jets of fluid being delivered from the point eighteen inches deep into her bowels where Charles' cockhead was currently lodged. Coinciding with all that, Charles was unleashing several dark groans, each of which sounding like they were being squeezed up out of his throat while his hands clutched at Candi's waist, so narrow that his fingers almost touched.

To Candi, the novel experience of having a man cum in her ass was extraordinarily gratifying, enough so to make the gorgeous young slut jerk about underneath the weight of the two monstercocks laid out on top of her, her huge cans slithering to and fro over the table while her bald pussy juiced all around the spaghetti-strap front of her scandalous bikini bottoms. And yet it was tinged with disappointment that Charles, for all the size and thickness of his schlong, hadn't been able to last longer than a precious few seconds. And while the load that he was dumping into her ass felt only slightly smaller than the one Ian had just glued onto her face, she'd hoped that he'd at least have been able to give her ass a few good, hard thrusts first.

"Don't tell me you're cumming already," Candi's voice was downright nasty as the mix of ecstasy and disappointment gave way to boundless satisfaction at how quickly her assbomb had been able to defeat such a huge-dicked stud. Maybe he'd last longer after she'd sucked him hard again...

"He isn't," Stepping up to defend the honour of his colleague, Ian took two steps back and levelled his cock straight at Candi's cum-drenched visage, only then placing both hands on it, cradling it since he couldn't fit them around its brawny, vein-ridged shaft.

"He did something like this," Without waiting for a response from Candi, Ian made his cock twitch, and a deluge of precum exploded out through his pisshole in a singular blast, its size rivalling his earlier release of cum and having the same target.

When the jet of clear fluid splattered against Candi's face, it did so with enough force to dislodge her thick, gluey jizz-facemask, sending gobs of spunk down to be absorbed into the tablecloth. A second blast followed not two seconds later and hit the same target, only lower down, the two lightning-fast surges of clear fluid expanding the stretch of unobscured but glistening wet tanned skin from just around Candi's eyes to reaching all the way to both her forehead and her chin, although a long rope of balljuice was left to dangle from the latter. With spunk still clinging to her cheeks, Candi suddenly had the appearance of wearing a glossy white pony-girl hood cut so as to leave her hair uncovered.

The astonished look on Candi's face was plainly visible, and her whispered "Fuck..." coincided with her eyeing up Ian's balls for the first time ever.

"Oh dear, my baby sister is a little... cocky, isn't she?" Striding forwards majestically on the transparent soles of her stripper sandals, the eight-inch heels of which pierced through the sand to click against the floor, Laura gave her verdict on her younger sister's character.

"We'll, she does have eighteen inches of it up her ass," Ian replied, with a nod towards Charles, as Laura took her place next to him. Nodding back at him, Charles started moving his hips, pulling back about four inches and grunting when Candi met him by pushing back as he thrust forwards again, the eighteen-year old slut's glorious asscheeks popping and dancing around the thick base of his cock as it slid in through her ballooning asshole.

"The little slut had better get used to that," Sounding even nastier than her sister, Laura let the fingers of her right hand dance up the length of his cock, and gave it a loving squeeze.

"That's it, fuck my ass, you bastard!" Candi cried out, staring straight ahead at Ian's crotch with a wild gleam in her eyes as she increased the speed at which her heart-shaped ass bounced towards Charles.

"That's what I'm doing, you slut!" Charles replied, sharply, and started properly hammering the young vixen's awe-inspiring ass.

"Fuck," Laura cooed with delight, first eyeing Ian's fuckpiece as he snaked one arm to pull her in closer until they were hip to hip and used his other hand to start fondling her massive jugs, then looked up to meet his gaze, "Every time I do that, I have to remind myself to be careful not to break a nail."

"Do what?" Ian asked, while the flared crown of his schlong remained inches away from Candi's face, leaving her free to ogle the fist-sized cockend, but unable to reach it.

"Get my hands on your hard, sexy fucking monstercock," Laura's voice turned into a breathless moan that had her boyfriend groaning hard right before the booming "SPLAT!" of his next jet of precum impacting against her sister's face bounced off the walls.

Having recovered from the shock of Ian's rocket-like discharges of precum that now clung to her face and assisted his balljuice in soaking her hair, Candi had been about to say something filthy about his and her sister's relationship when she felt Robert's cock suddenly throb violently against her spine before taking off, the seventeen inches of steel-hard fuckmeat casting a shadow over her back as it surged upwards. For a faint moment, the entire room was cast in relative quiet - only disturbed by the sound of Charles' cock throbbing away inside Candi's ass - which was then utterly destroyed by the sharp, wet sound of a jet of precum exploding out of Robert's cock and assuming a trajectory that ended with it slamming into the ceiling at full speed.

Looking up at the big wet spot now present on the roof, Candi could feel small pieces of plaster raining down all around her.

"Careful honey," Holding the camera in one hand, Sanddy used the other to yank down the zipper holding her strapless, low-cut, short, form-hugging dress up, "You nearly burst straight through the fucking roof!"

"Pssh," Snorting at Sanddy's warning, Laura went from glancing up at the ceiling too to locking eyes with the younger statuesque blonde, "This room could do with a skylight."

"Honey," Ian took a step forwards, his arm round Laura's waist ensuring that she was pulled along with him, and the top-heavy babe didn't allow her hands to lose contact with his fuckmast, not even when its business end slid up over Candi's forehead and across her head, leaving a thick trail of precum behind it as dropped down onto the nape of her neck and kept on going, "It's time we stripped your little sister..."

Grabbing hold of the back of Candi's bikini top, bejewelled and as flimsy as her bottoms as it was, Ian threaded it over his cockhead, making Candi moan as the result of this was to have the pair of thin, vaguely oval patches of cloth only just covering her nipples be pressed up tighter against her boobs. They were pushed even tighter into Candi's perfect spheres of titflesh when Robert took the opportunity to follow Ian's lead, leaving the back of Candi's bikini top suspended across, and utterly dwarfed by, two huge, drooling cockends. Ian's cockhead was level with Candi's sculpted back, but Robert's was coming down at it an angle, its pressing into her tanned skin and his cumslit pouring precum straight onto it.

Unable to meet Charles' thrusts any longer, allowing him to set a steady, methodical pace at which he was slamming his schlong in and out through her massively distended anus, Candi couldn't help but glance at her sister's pussy - encased inside her slingshot bikini and with every contour of it easily detectable underneath that thin sliver of silver - and Ian's balls, each of which dwarfed her own fists and which were already churning so intensely that they were bouncing up and down in the air.

However, she was more interested in what was transpiring on her back, and so craned her neck to look at the plasma screen, only to be confused at the very bouncy image of Diamond standing there, squeezed into her dress and with an amused smile on her ripe lips as she tried staring into the camera without moving her head as much and as jerkily as it.

"What's... what's with the shaky cam effect?" Candi asked, her voice breaking up a little as the flow of juices from her pussy increased dramatically due to the ponderous reaming Charles was subjecting her bronzed bubble butt to.

"Just a second!" Sanddy replied, and the image swayed as if was she stepping backwards, before levelling out again and focusing in on her dress lying discarded in the sand.

"I wanted to show you your next present," Sanddy turned the camera round on herself, and screen was filled by her huge boobs with the teeny strap of satin wrapped around them, the bow on it placed in front of her cleavage.

"Are you going to unwrap it later?" The image descended down Sanddy's front, across her toned belly, to show off her teal thong and the 'Happy B-day Candi' written on it in purple, ornate letters that had to be quite small to fit on it, necessitating her practically shoving the camera in between her legs in order to make them legible.

"Maybe make the boys watch you tongue my teeny little asshole?" Sanddy's voice remained sweet and seductive even as the hand not holding the camera grabbed hold of the waistband of her thong and yanked it upwards to flaunt the bottom of her wet, swollen pussy lips at Candi.

"Fuck..." Candi whimpered. Usually, she was the one doing the teasing. Another excruciatingly slow twelve-inch stroke from Charles that Ian and Robert hindered her from meeting, and the horny teen didn't know whether to throw a tantrum or cream herself.

"Show it to her," Diamond cut in, as again the screen displayed some chaotic imagery as the camera moved around while being passed from Sanddy to Diamond, until it once again steadied itself and the screen was suddenly dominated by the thin thong of cloth rising up from between the firm, globular cheeks of Sanddy's booty.

"You want to see it?" Toying with the back of her thong, Sanddy offered Candi a devastatingly seductive smile that she couldn't see, but which made Robert, Ian and Charles all groan and release long jets of precum, one from Ian's skirting off of Candi's left asscheek to bounce along the floor and scattering sand along the way, Robert's ricocheting off Candi's back, off Laura's right hip and finally smacking into the bar, and Charles' being delivered with such force into Candi's anal passage that she was surprised when it didn't come shooting out through her nose.

"Fuck yes!" Charles groaned, while Candi's eyes was on the screen, watching Sanddy tease her by tugging the ultra-thin back of her thong up out of her anal cleavage before letting it slip from her fingers and snap back down into place again.

"Show us that sexy little hole, you slut..." Diamond hissed, strings of her wetness falling from her cunt as she dropped down at her haunches and zoomed in even further on Sanddy's ass.

Slowly, Sanddy took hold of the back of her thong again and pulled it over her right buttock, whimpering with lust as her actions caused the front of the ridiculously undersized garment to come even tighter into contact with her soaked honey box, and hooked it over the outer contour of her epic booty.

"In case you can't read elvish," Diamond started to explain as the screen depicted an up-close view of Sanddy's asscheeks being pulled apart to reveal the miniscule form of her balloon-knot asshole, "this slut has got ' One Ring to drain them all' tattooed on her asshole."

"What do you think, Candi, do I love anal or not?" Sanddy exchanged another filthy smile with Diamond, who was finding life behind the camera quite bearable. She was even free to use her free hand to pet her juicing pussy.

The immediate result of Sanddy's question was a collective grunt from Ian and Robert, before Candi felt as though her upper body was about to be yanked up off the table by the vigour with which their ginormous fuckpieces surged upwards. Then the back of her bikini top snapped. The sound of it tearing prompted Diamond to shoot back up, turn around, and focus on what was happening at and on top of the table.

With suddenly nothing holding them back, Ian's and Robert's cocks cut up through the air, each stud releasing a high-powered discharge of precum that rocketed upwards and only just avoided colliding with each other on their way onto the ceiling, to which they stuck with a loud, wet "SPLAT!".

While Robert managed to remained crouched on top of the table after a few seconds of perilous swaying back and forth, Ian pulled back, dragging his cock over Candi's head to end up standing in front of her. Laura still hadn't let go of his dick.

"Let's see if it fits," Smiling as he made Laura lean forwards slightly by lowering his cock, Ian thrust forwards, squeezing his cockhead into Candi's cleavage while she stared at the vein-corded shaft of his fuckmast. When he'd made it fit halfway down between Candi's toffee-tanned cans, Ian produced a jet of precum that whooshed down through her cleavage and washed over her stomach, the ejaculation causing the fat dorsal vein running along the top of his schlong to expand violently up against Candi's sternum.

"Charles, if you could assfuck this sexy slut a little harder..." Ian's voice was soft, but with an edge to it that made Laura purr. While he spoke, Candi could sense him pressing his cock down against the table.

"My pleasure," Holding onto Candi's waspish waist so tight that his knuckles were turning white, Charles pulled back, extracting inch after inch through the teen's asshole. When he did reverse direction to instead slam his way forwards, he did so with unprecedented strength and speed, putting his whole body behind the thrust that had his eighteen-inch length hammering its way back into Candi's anal tunnel until he smacked into her booty, mercilessly pushing her in front of him until the crown of Ian's cock peeked out through the bottom of her long, deep cleavage.

"FUCK!" Candi's lungs emptied themselves in a delirious shriek as an orgasm more intense than she would have thought possible hit her with unmitigated force, submersing her in pleasure so vivid and unrelenting that it nearly short-circuited her brain, while the spasms rolling over her body nearly made her break her spine as she bucked feverishly as wildly as she was able to with Charles holding her waist and Robert's hefty cock weighing down on her back. Underneath her, her clear pussy juices had already soaked the table cloth and an expanding puddle of them had been formed.

"Thanks!" Inching backwards, Ian kept his cockhead pressed onto the table, and on the other end of it, the table cloth slid upwards a couple of inches. More importantly, Candi's torn bikini top was pulled along with the fist-sized business-end of his fuckmast, and just as his cockend was about to slip out through the top of Candi's cleavage, Ian latched onto the right half of the torn strap and tugged it to his right, patiently waiting until the remains of her bikini top was suspended over his cock before extracting it fully from between her knockers.

"G-glad I could help out," Charles replied, standing with his belly pressed into Candi's ass, while Ian's cock pulled upwards into the air and then to his left. Seconds later, just as Candi was coming down from her orgasmic high, Ian used a jet of precum to propel the top away from him, sending it cutting through the air on an trajectory that brought it past Candi, across the room, and smack onto Diamond's dramatically protruding chest.

"Show-off!" Laura giggled at her boyfriend's behaviour.

"Sanddy," Handing the camera over to Sanddy, Diamond peeled Candi's discarded top of the exposed top of her breasts and smiled wickedly.

Leaving the top to dangle from her left index finger, Diamond hiked up her skirt a couple of inches, more than enough to expose her glistening wet cunt. Slipping her right hand in behind her ass, Diamond grabbed the top with both hand and pulled it upwards, pulling it up between the swollen, dark pink lips of her sex before starting to see-saw it back and forth between them whilst throwing dirty glances at the camera.

"Fuck," Naturally, Candi was looking at the screen, and as she saw the scandalous tattoo decorating Diamond's thigh, the penny dropped and she finally recognized her favourite pornstar, "You're Diamond Gazongas!"

"What, you didn't recognize me?" Pulling the top even further up between her pussy lips, Diamond intensified the nasty glow of her smile as she yanked the tiny article of clothing forwards, letting it slip first from the fingers of her right hand, then her left, letting it spin through the air and land in the sand with a damp thud.

"No..." Candi groaned, craning her neck to look back at Diamond rather than the screen, and the smile on the other blonde super-slut's lips and the wicked gleam in her eyes prompted Candi to snap out of the cockstruck state she'd found herself in ever since Ian had blasted her point-blank with his precum, and she instantly promised herself that she'd be as nasty and as slutty as she possibly could while in the presence of porn star royalty. To that end, when Charles next thrust forward into her, she made him gasp and look like he'd just swallowed a golf ball by recklessly heaving herself onto his fuckpiece, throwing her curvy body up off the table for a fraction of a second and having her assbomb slam into his stomach while the crown of Robert's schlong slid up between her shoulder blades onto her neck, where it spent a couple of seconds drooling precum into her hair before she slid forwards towards Ian's cockhead again.

"That's right, you slut, a proper fuckslut pornqueen just watched you lose your anal virginity," Laura interjected, having retrieved a phone from somewhere, "And the whole world's going to see you with your fat lips wrapped round my stud's cock. Now if I can only remember my Twitter password..."

"Shouldn't you ask for Candi's instead?" Ian asked, figuring that he knew where Laura had stashed her phone.

"Fuck no, she's my sister. I want to show her off," Laura's face was glowing with sisterly love blended with boundless sluttishness as she tugged Ian forwards until Candi could get her lips on his cockhead.

Without hesitation, Candi stuck out her tongue and thrust it into Ian's cumslit. This time, she was instantly rewarded with a surge of precum that hit the back of her throat, leaving her to close her eyes and moan happily as it washed down her gullet while her tongue kept swirling around inside his gaping pisshole for a few more seconds. Then, she stretched her lips and set to work on packing the crown of his fuckpiece into her hungry maw.

"Honey," Sounding a lot more tense than previously, Ian addressed Laura while Candi came to grips with just how huge his cockhead was, sliding her lips across it and feeling like she was trying to swallow a small coconut whole whilst Charles kept hammering away at her ass, "Where'd you get that phone?"

Smiling impishly, Laura grabbed hold of Ian's wrist and plunged his hand down between her asscheeks, her pussy fluttering when he went from grinding his fingers up and down her asscrack to teasing her puckered ringpiece.

"Fucking slut," Ian growled lovingly at Laura, another explosion of precum erupting from his cock, this time to make Candi's bulging cheeks ripple right before the busty teen had her mouth plunged further onto his schlong through a decisive thrust from Charles.

"Fuck yeah, baby," Laura replied, and nimbly straddled Ian's cock, placing herself between him and Candi, with the base of his mammoth fuckpiece pressing against her thighs and her pussy, "Time for a PoV shot, I think."
