 Thanks to oldnakeddad for editing this story. Having someone reads through and help funnel your ideas properly make a huge difference and it's a service I appreciate tremendously.

*

Walking into the classroom, I see him and some of our old friends sitting at one of the tables and casually talking, joking and laughing—acting as if nothing has changed since the last time we sat there. This is where we met, this school was where we started oh so long ago.

I progressively move closer until I'm standing at the table across from him. He smiles as he looks at me. I know it immediately, he wants me! He has a way of looking at me when I play my cards right, an almost primal gaze. I always love it.

I wish he could see my rear, which is perfectly encased in the sluttiest booty shorts I could find. I shiver as he stares at the divide between my legs and licks his lips—he's slowly undressing me with his eyes! As his look plunges deep into my cleavage, I feel as if his hands are roaming all over me furtively touching me.

My nipples are hardening and my breath catches. Our friends are all around us, talking and milling about, reconnecting, reminiscing, but his eyes are only on me. He's calmly waiting, not saying anything, because he knows I'll let him have me...later!

I'm expecting him to "at least" touch me when I get closer, but all he does is turn around so his lap is available for me. There's no word or gesture, only a look and that cocky grin of his as he resumes his conversation. He knows I'll do as I should, as he wants, I don't need to be asked. He wins for now. But, I'll make him pay for this later.

I sit on his offered lap and he puts one of his hands on my thigh and the other on my lower back. Fuck, it feels good to actually feel his touch! I'm softly purring like a kitten as he slowly and softly starts rubbing my lower back...I can't wait for us to be alone!

The day passes as we talk to folks, make jokes, and laugh about our lives since we were last here, but never do his fingers leave my skin. I can't feel his hardness, yet, but I'm already wet—he made sure of it before we got here. He's using his fingers to keep me on edge, as if a canal of pleasure exists between his fingers on my back and my slowly pulsating labia. It is as if he's parting me open, and I need it.

Finally, the last of our friends are walking out of the room. He continues to banter with their retreating backs and his laugh is still resonating as they close the door behind them. The same smiling eyes of a moment ago immediately bore into me and take a new glint. He grins, seeming ready to pounce:

"My slut has decided to take an extra step today. I like it!"

I'm beginning to pout:

"You sound as if you don't like my outfit. Even though I got it just for you, you barely even looked at me"

I'm smug as I reach for the strap of my sheer top and start pulling it down:

"Maybe I should just take it off?"

He quickly grabs my hand and firmly holds it:

"Not yet, my lovely bitch. I get to open my presents."

As he says so, his face suddenly all I see as he's forcefully taking ownership of my lips. When I taste him...I'm home! I'm done teasing him...I need him! I'm straddling him and my rock-hard nipples are smashing against his chest as I hug him and wish to melt into him.

He's using both of his massive hands to hold my generous posterior. As he starts massaging, feeling, and molding my ass cheeks as he wishes, he's also darting and pressing his demanding tongue against mine. I'm smiling from hear to hear into our kiss. Finally, he is getting serious.

I can feel his cock hardening as it pushes against my opening, which my shorts are barely protecting. I'm slightly lifting myself, so as not to touch it, because I want to make him wait—I want him to beg for it. Maybe I'm not done teasing him...

Suddenly, I feel him moving one of his hands off of my ass. I barely have the time to muster a protest before feeling a sharp pain on my left butt cheek. He just smacked his hand against it. I scream in pain and then groan with excitement.

"Don't play games with me, slut...ever!"

He stares me down as he slams me against his dick to drive his point home. I decide to taunt him and defiantly smile as I lean into him:

"Shut up! You don't tell me what to do!"

I hug him fully and, with my head on his shoulder, whisper into his ear.

"Show me how you punish a slut who's been very bad."

I'm arching my back and sticking my quivering booty out in readiness for him. He loses no time as his hand falls, unceremoniously, onto my lonely right cheek. I squeal. This is going to be fun!

His rhythm speeds up as his technique morphs. He's still hitting me just as hard, but every now and then, instead of a spank, he grabs a whole cheek, squeezes it, and lovingly caresses me. I understand him, he's letting me know that I can stop him at any point if I don't feel good, but I do feel good. I want more!

As he feels me grinding harder against him, he smiles and starts kissing my neck—it's exactly what I need at this moment. First, he tenderly goes up and down the left side, licking my skin on occasion, while firmly holding my butt, now a pulsating dull pain in his hands.

I'm moaning as he starts to softly bite my neck. My volume increases as the strength of his bite does. His hands are infiltrating my shorts and are softly massaging my booty with delectable skin contact, soothing it with his touch. He can hear how wet my pussy is as my shorts keep rubbing against my soaked mound.

I love it and I'm letting him know by moaning even louder and pulling him into me. In response, he bights harder but starts to suck and lick my burning skin to sooth it. His tongue leaves my neck and he's moving it, ever so slowly, up. It's snaking up to my earlobe and, as he expected, I'm trembling.

His hands are on my ass and he's roughly grinding my pussy against his hard-on while softly sucking on my ear. He's hard below but gentle above, and I'm melting into it. I'm moaning and groan only one word into his ears:

"Harder!"

This seems to please him as he grunts in response. His tongue gets more inquisitive, as if trying to learn the shape of my ear. As he suckles and contours it, I gush. Suddenly, he pushes me back to my feet and yanks my already opened shorts over the curve of my round ass, exposing it to the cool afternoon air. I'm thinking, 'He can't hold it in anymore. I win!'

The fast movement jolts my birthday gift and I clamp up to keep it from following out of my pussy. That reminds me that this was all planned ahead of time. I sometimes forget, sucked into the moment.

He lifts me by my newly uncovered ass and lays me on the table. I groan as his hands leave my ass, but they're gone only long enough to take my shorts off before they're back, now on my thighs, pushing my legs open. He's staring at my exposed, soaked pussy. The silver head of the dildo that's been opening me up all day is staring back at him. He takes hold of it and starts to slowly move it around, which is making me moan again.

He looks up at me, smiling with the most adoring look in his eyes:

"You look fantastic!"

I shiver suddenly flooded with emotion:

"I love you, t—"

My answer is cut short as he yanks the dildo out and ruthlessly smashes it back into me.

I scream in response.

"Yes!"

He's moving to my side as he pumps the dildo in and out of my gushing hole. He pulls my tit out of my top and immediately his mouth clamps down as he showers it in licks and kisses. He groans as he pulls back and bites my nipple. My body answers his call and I pull his head against me.

I'm blinded by the pleasure as I reach at my side and pull out his dick. I hold it in my hand for a moment, feeling it on my palm, warm, hard. My mouth is watering as I start to jerk it, slowly. His moans tell me that I'm doing something right. In response, he switches from one turgid nipple to the next while increasing the rhythm of his hand on the dildo.

I know what he wants of me, and I'm close to it. Our breathing is speeding up, our hands coaxing it. Mine on his straining dick, his on my hot pussy. He moves his mouth off of my chest and pulls me into a hard kiss. That pushes me over the edge. I scream my pleasure into his mouth. My legs shake as my body, unable to handle all of these sensations, arches off of the table.

Meanwhile, he maintains his rhythm on my pussy, even and deep. It's too much and I want him to stop, yet it feels so good that I can't even think about asking him to. His tongue muffling my voice makes the decision for me. With his hand on my cheek and his mouth on mine, he carries me through an earth-shattering orgasm.

While I come down onto the table and start getting back control of my body, I feel him move away from me. He pulls me around on the table and only my back is now in contact with it. My legs are instead lifted above the table and held up. He then stops moving. I finally open my eyes and see him standing between my legs, he is holding the now removing dildo to his mouth and seem to be waiting.

My heels are resting on his shoulders. Our eyes meet. He licks the dildo one more time before throwing it behind him. He then looks down and I follow suit noticing him holding his dick at my entrance, ready. He kisses my foot and winks:

"Ready for the main course?"

I can see the lust in his eyes. He's ready. I smile and give him a small nod. He smiles back and then, with one swift move, my pussy is impaled on him. My back comes off of the table again as his shaft reaches deeper into me and opens me up.

He's groaning as he feels the warmth of my pussy.

"Yes!"

But even then, he understands what I need and stays still. His cock is pulsating inside of me, and every heartbeat is being transmitted to me through it. The walls of my pussy flex against the intruder, pulsating. Our pleasures are amplifying and synchronizing with each other. We're truly one.

After basking in this moment for a bit more, I open my eyes and smile at him:

"Fuck me...hard!"

He's smiling wide as he pulls his cock fully out before slamming it home again.He's slowly speeding up and, after a few seconds, seems to have found his rhythm. He throws his head back and keeps fucking me with long deep strokes. We're grunting in unison. As our volume increases, I can feel my pussy tightening up again.

It's scaring me. 'Not yet! I need more time! I'm not ready!' Reflexively, I try to pull away from him, to feel less, but his hands on my thighs are firmly holding me against his body .

Noticing my movement he stops and looks down inquisitive. He caresses my leg and tries to catch my eye. My sheepish look and clenched legs is all it takes. He knows! He smiles before turning his head to the side. He resumes fucking me again and proceeds to lick the sole of my foot and, one by one, softly sucking on my toes. I tense up as he progresses, trying to handle the new rush of pleasure. By the time he gets to my last toe, I can't hold it in anymore—I explode!

I feel my soaked pussy gushing on his dick as he continues to penetrate me over and over. I'm unabashedly screaming into this orgasm. My whole lower body is flooding with pleasure because of what he's doing to me with his hands, mouth, and cock. I'm losing myself into this wave of pleasure and close my eyes to savor it.

As the pleasure washes away, I sit up, panicking. 'Why am I empty?'

He pulled out...I want him back inside of me! He was crouched on the side of the table, watching me:

"Glad you enjoyed yourself there, sport. Might want to work on that stamina though"

I giggle.Gods, he is adorable! As I reach out to caress his cheek, I notice his cock right below his face. It somehow looks harder than when I last held it, and it's glistening with my juices. His pubes are dripping with them, too...marking him. He's mine! He's following my eyes and looks down for an instant before our eyes meet again. His smile is now pleading, I look back, apologetic:

"Let's take care of your cock!"

I stand up to better position myself. I put my elbows on the table and bending down, offer my ass to him. He doesn't lose a moment and with both hands, spreads my cheeks and in a single motion stuffs my pussy full again.

His thrusts aren't gentle anymore rocking me as he saws in and out. With an ass cheek in each hand, he keep me wide open for his assault. He's manhandling my ass...fuck it, it's his!

"Harder, fucking give it to me"

He throws his head back and groans in response. Smacking my ass every time he breaks, he fucks me faster. My tits are swaying all around as I fuck myself back to meet his thrusts. He's pumping his dick into places that are only his...marking me! We're done making love, we're fucking and loving it.

I feel his pleasure rising with every thrust and grunt. His dick somehow stretching me even more. 'I want him to cum. I want to see him cum.'

I push him back and pull his glistening cock out. Before he has time to process it, I crouch down and stuff him in my mouth. He immediately grunts in ecstasy as I suck him faster. I love feeling his burning hardness in my mouth and tasting my pussy on him. I flick my tongue on all of the spots I know he enjoys and moan into it as I savor the experience.

All the while, my eyes are locked on his face. I want him to see me, to know who is making him feel this way. However, he can't see it, his head is thrown back, unable to handle the feelings. Knowing that I'm the one making him feel this good drives me onward. I suck him deeper and harder as I imagine his face distorted in pleasure. I'm holding his ass with both hands, guiding him, as if I need to force him to continue fucking my mouth.

He ends up looking down and our eyes meet. As soon as he does, I push his ass forward and allow him to fully slide his cock into my mouth. The moment my nose touches his pubis, he comes. I can feel his dick expanding and pulsating in my throat as cum pours out of it and directly into my stomach.

After the first couple of jets hit the back of my throat, I pull his dick out until only the head is still resting on my mouth. I keep jerking him and suckle on his dickhead as the rest of his cum fills my mouth.

After sucking off the last few trickles, I let his softening cock pop free and stand up. I swallow the cum I was still tasting and lean in to kiss him.

He pushes me against the wall and, without any ceremony, bites on my neck as he stuffs two of his fingers into my gash. I gasp.

He doesn't try to be gentle. All I can feel is him finger-fucking me and his thumb rubbing my clit. Out of nowhere, I feel an orgasm rush through me and I come as he holds me against the whole. I was closer than I knew...it took less than fifteen seconds! My legs are weak and I stumble as he removes his dripping hand from my pussy. Luckily, he is holding me up. With his arm around me, he makes us switch position and pull me into his chest. He leans against the wall while I catch my breath.

After a couple of minutes, I look up and see him licking my cum off of his hand while looking out of the window next to us. He seems to really like the taste. It makes me smile and I stand on my toes to pull him down into a kiss. We notice the new tastes on each other's tongues. Mine on his, his on mine. Delicious!

I go to put my clothes back on and hear him say:

"That was not bad, little one. We still might make something out of you."

He's grinning because he knows I hate being reminded of the couple of years he has on me. I punch him in response. His smile widens. Putting his hand back on my ass, he pulls me to his chest and leaning in my ear, whispers:

"I love you, too."

I smile:

"I love you, too, old man."