 Some people are born idiots. Some have idiocy thrust upon them while others work to become idiots. As a teacher I've seen samples of all three. Jerome is one of those who works at it. I had, reluctantly, let him use one of the school cameras for his media studies assignment. All he had to do was point and shoot. Hopefully even he couldn't stuff that up.

Turns out he could. He took a series of photos. He only needed to hand in the ten best. I even told him that I'd download them. So after he finished his shooting he scrolled through all his shots, tagging the ten best. Then he deleted everything else.

Unfortunately, not so. Deleting tends to delete the photos you've tagged. Not the ones you haven't selected. I saw his face fall, knew something had gone wrong and grabbed the camera off him before he tried to fix it. Once he explained the problem I told him I'd do a recovery on the SD card and pull off his photos for him. Fat chance I was going to let him try to do it.

I had some spare time at lunch and so I slipped the card into my PC and ran the recovery. Several hundred pictures came down. I sorted them by date and there were Jerome's lost pictures. Quite good, some of them. He had an eye for what makes a good picture. I dropped the photos he wanted into his email, so all he had to do was polish them up and print them. I also dumped all his work into a folder as a backup for when he lost them again.

With my good deed done I was about to get rid of everything that had come down of the card, but decided to scroll through it seeing what was there. Geez. What a load of dreck had been on that card. I was tempted to just scrub the lot and forget about it when an excellent picture of a nude came up. 

This I considered interesting for several reasons. One, we don't encourage our students to do nude photography. Two, if anyone had handed in that particular item as part of an assignment there was no way I would have forgotten it. Three, I recognised the young lady displaying her charms.

I continued looking through the recovered photos. Well, wouldn't you? There was a good dozen of them, all quite excellent shots. I was wondering who had been the lucky lad who got to take the photos when I spotted a reflection in one of the photos. There was no-one behind the camera. They were all timed shots. The best selfies I'd seen in a long time. 

Apart from that burst, there was nothing else worth looking at in the recovered shots so I wiped the file. (After I saved those photos, of course.) Then I reformatted the card, completely wiping them so no-one else would accidentally recover them.

After school was finished I stayed behind. While all the nudes had been good photos, a couple of them had been excellent. With a little skill in Photoshop I thought I could upgrade those two from excellent to superb. I'd just put the finishing touches on the second of the photos and saved it when young Heidi came in.

Heidi is a student-teacher undergoing training at our school. She has hair that is so dark it's almost black, with large hazel eyes in a heart-shaped face. A superb figure and a demure manner, and most of the male sex at the school lusted after her. Any who didn't were probably gay.

"Sorry I'm late, sir," she said. "I was held up answering questions after my last class."

"Not a problem," I assured her. "I just need to get some information off you."

On my screen, where she could actually see it, was the second of the touched up pictures, and it really was good. Playboy would have snapped it up with no questions asked.

"I just wanted to know," I said, tapping the screen, "if you used more than one camera when you were taking these pictures."

She naturally walked around the desk to see what pictures I was referring to, and when she spotted it she just froze, mouth hanging open, face bright red. I don't know why she was embarrassed. It was a first class picture and she had a first class figure. I'll admit it showed everything she had but if you've got it, flaunt it, and that picture certainly did.

"The reason I ask," I said innocently, "is because I don't want to have to go around and do recovery on all our SD cards prior to reformatting them. You do understand I'll have to reformat any card with this sort of picture on it. Rules about showing the students nudity and all that."

"H-how did you get that?" she managed to ask.

"Jerome," I told her. "He screwed up and I had to recover his work. These were with it. Did you really have Jerome taking your picture? This one is really superb."

"No," she shrieked. "No way. No-one took the pictures."

"Excuse me?" I said, indicating the picture on the screen.

"What I mean is I took the photos using the timing option. No-one else has even seen them. I thought I'd deleted them all."

"You probably did, but you didn't reformat the card. When I did Jerome's recovery, voila!" I indicated the screen again. "Cameras?" I added.

"Just the one," Heidi said with a gulp. "Can you please delete that picture."

"You have to be kidding. I'm thinking of printing it poster size and framing it. It will be a terrific picture. You realise you could win competitions with a picture like this?"

"You're joking. I'd die if that picture got out."

"Now that puzzles me. After all, it was you who took the picture in the first place. And it is artistic, not really pornographic. Just an excellent shot of a superb female form."

"I was just curious as to what I'd look like in a nude photo," Heidi said, sounding miserable. "I was here alone and the camera was set up and, well, I just took some to see what they looked like. I deleted them as soon as I'd seen them."

"Deleting them was an act of artistic vandalism," I told her. "You should have printed then and saved them as a personal portfolio."

"Well, I don't want them. Will you please delete them."

"If you insist, but the only way to be certain they're gone is to do it yourself. Be my guest."

I pushed myself back from the PC and waved her towards it. Heidi gave me a suspicious look and then quickly deleted the photos. She's not an idiot. As soon as they were deleted she emptied the wastebasket. Not happy with that she jumped over to disk management and set a defrag running on my disk. Those photos were gone.

"Where's the SD card?" she asked.

"Back in the camera, reformatted. I couldn't risk someone else finding them. Think of the scandal."

From the flush on her face she was thinking of it. 

The relief on her face faded at my next remark.

"Ah, how do you think I should phrase my assessment of you when it comes time to write up this little incident?" 

Heidi's eyes went wide with shock. "You wouldn't," she breathed.

"That depends. Are you a virgin?"

She was nearly twenty. That age and looking like that and a virgin? Highly unlikely.

"No," she said, sounding slightly bitter. "I assume you're suggesting that if I have sex with you, you'll forget about the photos."

"I wouldn't dream of suggesting any such thing," I demurred. "I will admit, though, that for some reason having sex tends to make me forget what's been happening prior to the sex."

"You've got no proof," she said. "It would just be my word against yours. I could say it's sexual harassment."

"You could," I said. "I wonder how good the backup system is. The IT boys say they can recover any file from the mirror disks if given immediate notice."

A killing glance didn't achieve the required result, so Heidi stormed over to my office door, closed and locked it, then pulled down the blind.

Storming back to my desk she stood in front of me, killing look going full bore while she started getting undressed. When she was naked she stood there, arms on her hips, waiting. She looked even better in the flesh than she did in the photos.

She waited and I waited.

"Well?" she finally demanded.

"Well what?" I asked.

"Are you going to have sex with me or not?"

"Not," I said. "Sex should be consensual. It's plain by your attitude that you don't want to, so we won't."

She got so red that I thought she was going to pop a blood vessel. 

"You just said I had to," she almost shrieked at me.

"I said nothing of the sort," I protested. "That sort of thing would make me a rapist. Reluctant consent is no consent as far as I'm concerned. I'm surprised at you."

"You made me get undressed for nothing?"

"There you go again. I didn't make you get undressed. You just went and did it." I shook my head sadly. "I really don't know what the younger generation is coming to."

Heidi was so mad she was almost dancing on the spot. She opened and closed her mouth several times, apparently at a loss for words.

"You are being most disrespectful to your superior, you know. I really think you need a small attitude adjustment."

"Attitude adjustment?" she said sweetly. "And just how do propose I go about that?"

"Nothing easier," I said, just as sweetly. "Just bend over my knee and I'll be happy to supply it. No need to get dressed for it. As you are will do."

"You're going to spank me?" Heidi half shrieked. "You have to be kidding."

"Please. An attitude adjustment. You have to admit you misbehaved with school equipment."

I could see her weighing it in her mind. A spanking? Better than having to get screwed, she was thinking. Sighing she came over and reluctantly bent over my knee.

"OK," I said, gently rubbing my hand over her bottom. "Now what sort of attitude is proper for a student teacher when addressing her superior?" 

"Polite and respectful?" she asked hopefully.

"Very good," I said, my hand continuing to rub her bottom. If by chance it was also brushing the edges of her mound, well these things happen.

"Now what is the attitude of the school to the use of school equipment?"

By the time Heidi had formulated a proper answer to that one my hand was massaging her mound far more than her bottom.

I dug deep for more questions, such as the correct way to make sure data was properly cleaned off an SD card. She seemed to be becoming a little distracted as the questions continued. I'm sure it couldn't have been because of my hand massaging her pussy. Maybe it was the thumb rubbing across her nipple.

I was a little slow in coming up with a question and Heidi managed to slip in one of her own.

"I thought you were going to spank me?" she said, a little gasp in her voice as a finger slid in where it shouldn't.

"What makes you say that?" I asked. "I distinctly said an attitude adjustment. Would you like to be spanked?"

"Not really," she admitted.

"Then I suggest you let me do the attitude adjustment in my own way," I told her, a couple of finger exploring soft wet flesh. 

I eventually ran out of questions and I reluctantly stood her back on her feet. She was flushed and breathing hard, her nipples were prominent. She just stood there, looking at me, not sure what to do next. I showed her. A quick unzip and Heidi was staring at me.

I reached out and cupped her bottom and tugged gently. Not forcing her towards me, but indicating that it was the preferred direction of movement. She came closer, and then she was straddling my lap. I didn't push her, I just waited, and when she slowly sank down onto me it was her decision, and she knew it.

She was wet and warm and I was big and hard. She just stared at me as she sank slowly down. She blinked at the first touch of my erection against her lips, and her eyes went wider, but apart from a minute hesitation, she pushed herself firmly down onto me, seeming to hold her breath as she lowered herself.

I was holding mine as I felt her closing upon me, sweating slightly as she continued to sink down, until she finally settled on me with a little wriggle. We both let out our breath at the same time, and Heidi gave a little giggle.

I smiled at her.

"Your attitude is improving by the second," I told her.

"Uh-huh. And does this also help?" she asked, starting to slide up and down on me.

"Oh, yes," I managed to say. "That definitely helps."

The smile slowly left her face, replaced by a look of concentration as she slid up and down my pole. She seemed determined to feel the full length of it surging into her with every bounce.

The feel of her was fantastic. I swear my cock was growing in size with every motion she made, and she was making a lot of them. My hands came up to cup her breasts, wanting to feel them as I possessed her. 

Heidi was in no hurry and I certainly wasn't. She could take as long as she liked, and I wouldn't object.

And take her time she did, bouncing slowly and making every stroke count. She was breathing hard, little squeaking sounds coming every so often as she bounced, sliding up and down my pole, enjoying her ride and slowly driving me crazy. 

I don't know about other men, but I like to be in control when I'm about to climax. I was breathing hard when I suddenly lifted her off me and spun her around to lean over the desk. Then I was driving into her again, hard, dominating her as I surged towards my climax.

Heidi was squealing excitedly but softly as I took her, one hand at her mouth to prevent any loud noises. Fortunate that, because the squeaks that were escaping were getting steadily louder as I pounded her, impelling her towards her own climax. Then I gave a loud grunt and let go and Heidi was literally screaming into her cupped hands.

Afterwards I sank back into my chair, holding a naked Heidi on my lap, gently stroking her breast while she gathered her wits.

Finally she raised her head and looked at me.

"So that's an attitude adjustment?" she asked.

I nodded.

"Better than being forced to have sex, I suppose."

I nodded again, not daring to touch that line.

"I'd better get dressed," she mumbled.

"I guess. If you're not too busy on the weekend why don't you come around to my place and I'll take a couple of decent photos for you. You can do nude without actually showing anything you know, and you'll make a great subject. 

It'll also give me a chance to check on your attitude," I added.

I got a female look for that last bit. Don't get your hopes up, it said. Once doesn't mean there'll be a repeat.

I just smiled blandly. I'd take my chances. And if she didn't come I could fill in some time doing a poster size print from the SD card in my wallet.