 It had been a long, hard four years, but the day had finally come - graduation! I felt an overwhelming sense of pride as I marched into the auditorium with my fellow graduates, 'Pomp and Circumstance' playing over the speakers, and took my seat next to my fellow psychology majors, awaiting my turn to walk across the stage. Even the most boring of speakers couldn't dull my excitement, as I sat through what seemed like hours of talking, all the speeches and recognitions and honors that stood between me and my diploma. My mind began to wander as I sat, reflecting on the conversation I'd had just before the ceremony began, with my favorite professor.

"Sarah, glad to see you here today!"

I took his outstretched hand and shook it vigorously. "I couldn't have done it without you, Dr. Applegate, you know that!"

"Yes, I still remember when you visited my office as a shy freshman, worried about whether your application to the psychology department would be approved."

"And you took the time to read my essay, and told me to go ahead and submit everything, and just trust you, that I'd be fine."

"And then there were your visits to my office when you were in my classes, always concerned about whether your papers were good enough."

"Once again, you told me just to trust myself, trust the quality of my work. I really appreciate all of your support, Dr. Applegate!"

"Please, now that you're graduating, call me Jim!"

"Oh, OK, Jim. Well, if we're being less formal, let me tell you how nice your tie is - I see you've gone with school colors today, red and white!"

"Absolutely, this is my favorite graduation tie. And you," he said with a wink, "I'm sure you're wearing something very classy under that ubiquitous black gown?"

"Ah, I can't share that, it's one of the mysteries of the day. But I can tell you I also decided on school colors. The outfit matches the shoes, I assure you," I said, pointing to my feet, which were strapped into some thoroughly impractical open-toed red sandals with four-inch heels.

"Well, perhaps I'll see you after the ceremony? Are you coming to the department's party?"

"Wouldn't miss it - I'll see you there!"

As I thought back on this conversation from my seat in the auditorium, my eyes searched the rows of faculty seated on the stage until I found him and caught his eye. As a joke, I unzipped my graduation gown just enough to show him a peek of the outfit I was wearing underneath. His eyes widened, and I felt them linger on my chest, taking in the rather obvious cleavage I was showing off with my low-cut red dress. My mind quickly raced as I realized that my innocently-intended joke had gotten a little out of hand, and raced even faster as I realized I was anything but offended that my professor was staring at my chest.

The student in the seat next to me had to nudge me out of my fog to let me know that my name had been read and it was my turn to walk to the stage. I accepted my diploma, shook a few hands, before finally reaching the far end of the stage, where I once again was face-to-face with Dr. Applegate, um, Jim." See, in addition to being my favorite professor, he also happened to be the chairman of the department, so it was his job to offer me the final handshake and congratulate me on earning my degree.

"Congratulations, Sarah," he said as he refused my outstretched hand and hugged me instead, "and may I say," he whispered into my ear in the midst of our embrace, "very nice choice with the red dress."

I blushed hotly, and as I made my way back to my seat, could hardly believe what had just transpired. Had it really happened? Had Dr... I mean, Jim, just finished making clear that he thought I looked hot? Don't get me wrong - I knew I was hot, and I'd chosen an outfit on this important day which left nothing to the imagination - it was just that he had always been the model of appropriate behavior between professor and student. Even though I had to admit I'd had a crush on him all these years, I'd never dreamed of acting on it.

Once back in my seat, I could hardly wait for the ceremony to end so that I could get to the after-party and continue my conversation with Jim. Was I reading too much into this? Or had everything changed now that I would no longer be his student? All of these thoughts and many more occupied my attention as I hugged my family and friends who had come, took off my cap and gown and left them with my parents, and walked across campus to the building where the department's party was being held.

I didn't see Jim when I first walked in, but after a few moments, his voice behind me caused me to turn.

"So, Sarah, now I get to see the school-color outfit you mentioned!"

I twirled before him, showing off the red cocktail-style dress I'd chosen for the big day, my long blonde hair flying as I turned, before coming to rest just past my shoulders as I faced him once again.

"But I'm only seeing red, not white?"

"Ah, well, um..."

"Oh, I see. The white is represented somewhere that can't be shared in a room full of people?"

"Exactly."

"Well, Sarah, it's just like I used to tell you about your writing in my classes. Don't be afraid to make your statement clearly, right up front. Trust me, that advice will always serve you well."

"Oh, I do trust you, Jim. And even though the rest of the party doesn't need to see it, I'd be happy to show you the rest of my school colors."

It was a gutsy move, and my heart was pounding in my chest, but I decided it was time to call his bluff. Either he actually wanted me, in which case the sooner the better, or he'd back off, and I'd return to celebrating with my fellow graduates. Fortunately for me, it was the former.

"Really, is that so?"

"Absolutely. After all, I've been searching for a way to thank you properly. If it weren't for you, I probably wouldn't have had the confidence to apply to the department in the first place, and now here I am, graduated!"

"Well, if you think this is the best way, who am I to argue? My house isn't far from campus, shall we?"

We said our goodbyes to colleagues and friends, taking different paths as we gradually mingled our way to the door and snuck out. We walked to Jim's car in the faculty parking lot behind the building, and I studied him during the brief ride to his house. He was a strikingly handsome man of just over six feet, with chiseled features, an athletic build, and a bit of gray hair just beginning to show his age, which I guessed to be mid-40s. As we pulled up to his house, I had to pinch myself to confirm that this encounter really was happening.

We went into the house, and he promptly kicked off his shoes and made himself comfortable on the sofa, motioning for me to sit down next to him.

"So, Sarah, where were we?"

"I think I was sharing that the rest of my school colors are just a bit hidden."

"Oh, that's right," he said, pretending to have forgotten, a mischievous smile on his face. "Perhaps you'd like to show me?"

"It would be my pleasure," I said, climbing to my feet and standing before him. I turned so that my back was to him, and looked over my shoulder at him as I found the zipper on the back of my dress and pulled, slowly, slowly, until I was free enough to begin slithering out of the fabric. Before doing so, though, I turned to face him once again, and began a sultry dance, my hips moving back and forth as I watched the bulge grow in his slacks.

I reached up to my shoulders to free my arms from the straps of the dress, and then gradually, inch by inch, pulled the dress down over my hips until it finally fell to the floor, where I stepped out of it and kicked it aside. I was now standing in front of him in my matching bra and panties - white cotton with red polka dots - and my red heels.

"Like what you see?"

"Oh, yeah, Sarah."

I strutted around in front of him a bit more, showing off my perfect breasts and cute ass, before he finally reached up and grabbed me by the hips, pulling me down on top of him, and I began grinding on him as he kissed me passionately. His hard cock, still contained in his slacks, nonetheless pressed firmly against me, and I could already imagine how it would feel buried deep inside of me. I climbed back up off his lap, knelt between his knees on the floor in front of him, and set to work to free him from his slacks and boxers.

I smiled as his stunning seven-inch cock sprang free, and eagerly took it into my hands and began licking the tip, as he relaxed with a sigh against the sofa. I gradually took more and more of his length into my mouth with each stroke, fondling his balls with both hands as he gathered my hair into his hands and began encouraging my motions.

I sucked, stroked, and fondled him for several minutes more, varying my touch in response to his grip on my hair, and was overwhelmed by his stamina - most of the guys I'd been with would have cum already, and by now would have been wondering how long they had to cuddle before they could turn on the TV.

I picked up my pace, hoping to bring him to climax, but soon felt Jim stop me, pulling me away.

"Not so fast, Sarah. I'm thinking there's still one more lesson I can teach you."

"Hmm?" I climbed up on the sofa once again, my big blue eyes looking deep into his, eager to learn what he might have in mind.

"I can tell you're experienced, but I'm guessing you've yet to have a man bring you true pleasure."

"Oh, I don't know..."

"Trust me, if you had, you wouldn't be doubting it."

"Um, OK?"

"You do trust me, right Sarah?"

"Of course, after everything you've done for me? Of course!"

"Alright then."

Already naked from the waist down, he now reached up and loosened his tie, pulling it off and tossing it to me. He quickly unbuttoned his shirt and tossed it aside as well.

"I don't suppose you know what I have in mind for that tie?"

"Um, let's see..." I playfully tied it around my own neck, and he smiled as he took in the view, but then, looking deep into my eyes, "not quite. Here, follow me into the bedroom."

We got up and walked down the hallway to his bedroom, complete with a king-sized bed with a beautiful wood frame. The folding closet doors which faced the bed were mirrored, giving the impression that the room was twice as big, with two beds filling it.

"Go ahead and climb up there, Sarah. And give me back my tie."

I did as I was told, and a moment later began to realize what he had in mind. He wanted to use his tie to, well, tie me up! I was filled with a mixture of emotions - excitement, yes, but also nervousness and uncertainty.

"I see you've put two and two together, Sarah. Are you ready?"

"Um, I'm not sure..."

"I thought you said you trusted me."

"Oh, I do, it's just that... well, I've never let anyone tie me up before. I'm not even sure I understand why people like to do it."

"Don't lie to me, Sarah. I can tell by the flush of your cheeks that it excites you. Remember that time I talked to you about the fact that sometimes in life, you need to go with your passion, even if it scares you?"

"Yes, of course."

"Well, this is one of those moments. Trust me. I'll bring you pleasure like you've never experienced."

I smiled, thought for a moment, and held out my hands to him, my wrists together, silently giving him my permission. He quickly bound my wrists together, then pushed my arms above my head, taking a moment to remove my bra and suck gently on each of my nipples before encouraging me to lie back on the bed, a pillow under my head, before connecting the other end of the tie to one of his bedposts.

"Now, let's get rid of these panties."

He tugged at my panties until they were free of my hips, and I was able to wriggle free of them, kicking them off the bed.

"Spread your legs."

I did as I was told, and he knelt between my legs, his fingers and tongue exploring my inner thighs, gradually working their way to my wet, hot pussy. I cried out in pleasure at the first touch of his tongue to my pussy lips, thinking from my previous experiences that this would be the extent of my pleasure. After all, most of the guys I'd been with figured they deserved a medal just for trying to make something happen 'down there'.

But soon, I realized there was much more pleasure to come. Remembering the mirrors on his closet doors, I turned my head on the pillow to watch as he worked, his head buried between my legs. As I saw myself, my arms bound, my nipples erect, my hips writhing, my own image pushed me over the edge, an experience I'd never had before. I knew I was hot in the eyes of the guys who desired me, but now I was able to see my own pleasure, my own naughtiness, as it looked to them.

Jim continued to work as I rode out my first orgasm, licking and sucking my clit as he pressed his fingers into my pussy. It wasn't long before I was approaching a second climax - another new experience for me - and this time I had the awareness to talk him through what I was feeling, encouraging him with my voice since I couldn't direct him with my hands.

"Yes, right there, that's it! Suck on my clit, oh, god yes, faster, faster, fuck my pussy with your fingers!"

I bucked wildly beneath him as my second orgasm came. It took some time before I was once again aware of my surroundings, and when I finally looked up at him, Jim was kneeling between my legs, his cock standing at attention. I smiled invitingly, and he climbed towards me. I expected him to enter me right then, but first, he reached up above my head and untied the tie from the bed, and then from my wrists. As I pulled my arms down and felt the blood rush through them, he quickly flipped me over, slipped a pillow under my belly, and plunged into me from behind. I cried out at the incredible depth of this penetration, as he remained buried inside of me, unmoving, for several moments.

Once I had adjusted to the fullness, he gradually started moving in and out, simultaneously pulling us both up onto our knees until we were in a traditional doggie-style position. He now began fucking me with abandon, panting with each stroke as I moaned beneath him. After a few minutes of this, I reached down and grabbed his balls, fondling them as he pounded into me, my pussy once again beginning to pulse with the beginnings of another orgasm.

Before either of us came, he shifted our position once again. He laid down on his back, his head on the pillow, and I straddled his legs, facing away from him, and gradually lowered myself onto him. My hands returned to his balls, tickling and fondling as I rode him fast and furious.

"Oh, god yes, I'm going to cum, I'm going to cum again!!!"

I continued bouncing up and down on him as I rode out the waves of my third orgasm, screaming in delight at this new level of pleasure. Soon, I felt him begin to approach his climax as well, and I climbed up off of him, turned to face him, and jacked him off until he covered my chest and face with a huge load of cum. As the hot, sticky goo dripped from my cheeks, my tits, even my hair, I smiled, my eyes meeting his once again.

"You were right, trusting you is always a good policy."