 Proofread by fellow literotica writer, TalenaBaby.

_______________

As I stood staring into the mirror I couldn't help but be amazed at the places my life had taken me recently. To all outwards appearances I was the same Ben I had always been. I still had the poorly styled honey-blonde hair, and my cheeks were still a bit red from my lack of skill at shaving. I still hated the size of my nose and how slouched my shoulders seemed. But inside I felt so different. I'd been taken into the world of homosexuality by the advances of my Physics teacher, Mr. Franklin and my Principal, Mr. Clark. I had to meet them regularly and make "payments" of sex acts with them to get good marks at school, which I needed to secure my future. But it wasn't about the marks anymore. It was about the acts themselves. Whenever I felt Mr. Franklin shoot his salty load in my mouth, it made me even harder than I already was. Whenever I moaned as Mr. Clark fucked me, I wasn't faking it I loved every second. I'd justified myself all along by saying I didn't have a choice. But now as I stared at myself, I had to admit that I loved it. 

It scared me a little, I didn't want to be gay, everyone gave them heaps of shit at school. And I had never really felt particularly gay. And I still enjoyed looking at women. As I tore myself away from the mirror and slung my backpack over my shoulder I had to admit, I didn't have a clue what everything meant. Was I gay or straight? I had no idea. I had another session with Mr. Clark today; I had to be at his office at 4pm, once everyone had gone home. I went through the day in the same sort of manner I usually did, paying as much attention as I could to boring teachers who droned away. I had Physics right after lunch and I spent the time reliving some of my more exquisite moments with Mr. Franklin, something which didn't help put my mind at ease at all. I ended my day even more confused than I normally was. I still had no clue what my growing desire for men meant. To make things even harder (excuse the pun) it was summer and all the girls were dressed in very sparse outfits. I was still taking them in with some pleasure, which only helped fuel my confusion. My penis was rock hard in my shorts as I made my way to Mr. Clark's office. 

All my stress about my feelings was put on hold when I reached Mr. Clarks office to find it empty. I shut the door behind me and walked to the desk where I saw a note with my name on it. I unfolded it.

"Ben, I've been called away for a short while on an emergency with one of our exchange students. But don't think you're off the hook, I expect you to wait. I expect you to be ready to perform when I get back." 

I sighed and set my bag down in the corner. I was about to take a seat when I voice spoke from behind me. 

"What are you doing in here?" I spun around to see a girl standing there. She looked a bit older than me, but not by much. I was a good foot taller, no matter what her age was. She had her hair back in a loose ponytail and I saw a ring through her lip as I began to take in more of her appearance. A pair of black-rimmed glasses sat on her nose, seeming to highlight her eyes. I must have been staring because she looked impatient and asked me, "Well?" I couldn't think of an answer fast enough, so I just stuttered. She spotted the note in my hand and snatched it away. I stared in horror as she kept reading but I couldn't help noticing more of her appearance. She had a style like noone else at our school. Her top was fairly tight, though it didn't show any skin as most girls did these days, and her pants were tight as well, though they were fairly plain, business style pants. Her breasts weren't large, but her top made them seem more prominent. I noticed her nipples were sticking out obviously, so she didn't wear a bra. 

"Well, looks like you have permission to be here anyway." She said as she looked up at me. I sagged with relief. 

"So you're his new one huh?" she asked me.

I finally managed to force out an actual sentence. "His new what?" 

"His new toy of course."

I was rendered speechless for the second time since she had entered the room, and she'd only been here for 3 minutes. I made a noise of denial in my throat.

"Oh come on," she said mockingly. "I've been his teachers aide for 3 years, and I've seen him get a new one each year. How many students are called into their Principals office to "perform" and come sporting one of these." She reached forward and slid her hand over my erection. I looked down with horror to see a painfully obvious tent in my shorts. I managed to grab some confidence from somewhere.

"What kind of teachers aide comes to work wearing skintight clothes like that? Hardly professional."

She just grinned, "I have decent enough skills, Mr. Clark is well satisfied with my work." 

The next half hour was interesting. She had this sort of direct manner which gradually drew me out of my own numbing shock and forced me to respond to her frank questioning. She asked me how long he'd had me serving him, and I answered truthfully, only a handful of weeks. I learned her name was Eva. I told her in response that my name was Ben. Eventually she surprised me by asking me the very question I'd been trying to find the answer to all day.

"So you're gay then?"

"Ummmm, I'm not really sure, to be honest its been bothering me a lot recently."

"Not sure huh? Are you interested in girls then?" 

"I dunno anymore," I said as I stared at the floor. 

She sat thinking for a moment and then grabbed my right hand. Before I knew what was going on, she forced my hand onto her left breast. It wasn't very big, so my hand covered it completely. I could feel her hard nipple pressing into my palm. She reached down with her hand and placed it on my erection again. I sat stunned and breathing a little harder than before. She pushed her chest outwards slightly and I felt her breast squish against my hand. My cock gave a slight twitch under her hand. 

She grinned again, and I realized that whenever she grinned I felt like grinning myself. "Guess that's a yes then."

I was still shocked, but for some reason I felt relaxed. "I guess so."

She laughed and it was infectious, I joined in. 

Once our laughter gradually subsided, she became more serious. "You're pretty cool you know, you want to go out some time?" I was beginning to be amazed by her capacity to shock me completely. I didn't know what to say and she seemed to sense that.

"Take your time," She said with that grin.

I gave her a smile in response and realized that the more I thought about it, the more the idea appealed to me. "Sure, why not," I replied, "Where do you want to go?" 

"Nowhere busy, I have work tomorrow, how about my house tonight, we can watch some videos?" 

I didn't realize she had meant today, but I was eager to get to know this girl more. She was the most intelligent person I had ever met at this school, including any of my teachers, so I agreed to meet her at her house that night at 7. 

She left after that, she said she had to get back to work. I used Mr. Clarks phone to call Mum and tell her I was going over a friends house and I didn't know what time I'd be home. She told me off about going out on a school night, but like my mum normally did, she was incapable of making a fuss for long. She told me to have fun. I was really hoping I would at that point, I had no idea what I expected, but the thought of Eva seemed to be bringing me alive like the thought of Mr. Franklin had earlier that day. My afternoon with Mr. Clark passed pretty normally. I lay down on his sofa as he lay on top of me and fucked me. He'd become gentler of late, seeming to take as much interest in my pleasure as his own. Of course, the fact that I had so much fun with Mr. Clark and thoughts of Eva didn't help my confusion one bit. I was beginning to go crazy wondering whether I was gay or straight, but another part of my brain was beginning not to care.

I was at Eva's house a little before 7. I was beginning to wish I had gone home to change first afterwards, but I decided there was nothing I could do about it. I knocked on the door and was gratified to see that Eva was still in her uniform as well. She lead me into her house which looked pretty much like any other students house, slightly messy and not too big, but she seemed to keep herself and her house fairly neat and tidy. We sat on the couch watching videos and waiting for Pizza that she'd already ordered to arrive. We got to talking eventually, she told me she was working as a teacher's aide to earn money for her degree at college. The pizza turned up and we kept watching movies. We had similar taste and we were both in stitches watching Monty Python and the Holy Grail. 

Eva got up to fetch glasses for us and when she came back, she sat down much closer than she had. I stopped laughing at the movie then, slightly nervous at the closeness of someone I was beginning to find more and more attractive. She noticed my sudden nerves and began teasing me. Leaning across my body for napkins and brushing my chest with her breasts. I got the impression that she wanted me to do something, but I couldn't. 

Then something happened. To this day, I don't know if it was deliberate or an accident, but she spilt a small bit of Pepsi down the front of her top. She cursed and without another word, and without the slightest hesitation, peeled off her top. Her breasts weren't large, but they were perky and the nipples stood out. I couldn't take my eyes off them. She saw my stare and laughed. Then she leaned over, grabbed the remote and flicked off the TV. She crawled along the length of the couch and pushed me backwards, sending my pizza box falling to the floor. She lay with her weight on top of me. I stared at her face and her piercing green eyes stared back from behind her glasses. She leaned forward and kissed me softly. 

"You really are dense aren't you Ben?" She asked playfully as she slid her hands under my shirt. I felt her nails flick over my nipples and then her hands stroked down to my stomach. I shivered and wrapped my arms around her naked torso. She kissed me again, much more fiercely than before. 

"Lose your shirt, now." She said forcefully. It was like being back at school, I was obeying once again. I leant forward and ripped my shirt off. She held her body up from mine briefly and unzipped her pants. Then she leant forwards, pressing her breasts into her torso. I felt my cock jump in my pants. She pushed her pants down and I noticed she wasn't wearing any panties either.

She kicked her pants off and then lay on me, naked. "Your so cute, Mr. Clark usually doesn't have such good taste. I've never done this before, but you're driving me crazy right now." I started to take some initiative for myself and leant up and kissed her. Kissing a girl with a lip ring was a strange feeling, but I couldn't quite work out why. I put my hands on her breasts and squeezed gently. She closed her eyes and moaned softly as my hands squeezed. I released her breasts and used the tips of my fingers to gently stroke her nipples. She gave a small sigh and let her body go limp against me. I slid my hands slowly down her waist. Her waist was thicker than her body but I didn't mind at all. She was the most exciting girl I had ever seen. I stroked the curves of her butt. My breathing increased as I squeezed here as well. She moaned again.

"God, I can't wait anymore." She cried in frustration. She stood up next to the couch and without pausing, reached down, unbuttoned my shorts and tugged them down. She grabbed the waistband of my boxers and pulled these down as well. She fiddled with my clothes for a minute, struggling to get them over my feet, but then they were off and I was lying on her couch, naked. She dived back on top of me and we kissed again. I felt her tongue swirling around mine and my dick pressed into her thigh as we embraced. 

"Are you on the pill?" I asked. I was worried because I didn't have any condoms.

"Of course I am." She said. "You can do whatever you want afterwards, I just have to fuck you. Now." 

She repositioned her legs until she was kneeling over me with my cock at the entrance to her pussy. I looked up at her face, over the curve of her breasts and I felt like I'd known her for weeks. She lowered herself onto my cock. I gasped as I felt her pussy grasp at my cock. She slid down slowly and steadily. She clearly wasn't a virgin because she didn't pause until she had taken me all the way in. 

"Fuck me hard." She ordered me and I started moving my hips. I was unsure of myself so I wasn't going to fast. She started bouncing on me and looked kind of frustrated. 

"I said hard!" She shouted at me. 

I lost all restraint and started pushing as hard as I could. She started matching my strokes so that as I pushed up, she pushed down. It felt amazing as I looked up her. She had her eyes closed and was moaning softly to herself. Her small breasts were bouncing as we fucked and I reached down and clenched my hands around her ass.

"Holy shit, I'm cumming," she moaned at me. I felt her pussy tighten around mine and I only lasted a few more strokes before I started cumming as well. I pushed her down hard onto my cock as I released my load into her. 

She collapsed against me and we just lay there as my cock gradually softened and slid out of her. 

"Still not sure if you're straight or gay?" She asked me.

"Well I'm definitely not gay, that's for sure." I replied.

"So be bisexual, you stupid fuck." She laughed at me and I joined in. We lay like that for a bit longer. I put my arms around her and she sighed into my chest.

"Go out with me." She said, sounding less than confident for the first time since I met her. I replied with a confused "Huh?"

"Go out with me, be my boyfriend." She said, in a stronger voice. 

"What about, my deal with Mr. Clark?" I asked, knowing even then that if she said I had to give it up and risk being expelled, I'd do it.

"I don't care who my boyfriend screws, besides, I fuck Mr. Clark as well, it's why I can wear whatever I want to work." 

I leant forward and kissed her softly and slowly. Sliding my tongue into her mouth and savouring the taste of her. "Of course I will go out with you." I said.

She leant her head back onto my chest and sighed again. I closed my eyes and enjoyed the feeling of her lying naked against me. I stroked my hand through the back of her curly hair, which had come loose from her ponytail. I felt my cock begin to harden underneath her and she rubbed against it.

"It's going to be an interesting night," She said as she looked up at me and flashed me that smile. I agreed with her.