 Last day of classes. Finally! Solana couldn't believe how relieved she was. She'd thought going back to grad school would be a breeze. She was a good student, loved writing, and had a thirst for knowledge. But her Master's program in public health at City University was anything but engaging. In fact, it was the opposite: the professors were boring and disinterested, the courseload punishing, the paperwork and related bureaucratic bullshit a nightmare. 

So after a rough and exhausting semester, Solana was glad to be in the pub raising pints and clinking glasses with a few of the other battle-worn students. In her mid-thirties, but with a petite frame and long hair keeping her looking more like a solid 27 (or so she liked to think), she felt comfortable in this small crowd of the older students, ranging from late 20's to late 40s. Surprisingly, with them this evening were Sherm and Jim, two of the cooler guys in the program, which, otherwise, was made up of 90% women. Solana always felt more comfortable around guys than chicks, so she was glad for their company.

Still, it was late, and a Wednesday, and most of the others started dropping like flies once it hit 11:00 pm. But Solana wanted to keep going! It'd been too long since she'd been social, and the desire to get ridiculously drunk hit her like a rush of wind. She had hope that the two guys might help her keep the party up, even if they couldn't convince any of the other girls to stay.

Solana knew Sherm was a drinker, too – hell, they'd practically get wasted before their Wednesday night class pretty much every week! Sherm was a great-looking, slim Filipino guy with fashionable shoes and slicked back hair. With a winning, sociable charm and a wicked sense of humor, he was, like most of the guys in the program, surely gay. He was great fun, and almost always good for one more round. 

She thought they could probably convince Jim to come along, too. He'd been consistently putting the drinks away since they'd walked into the bar, and seemed to really need some extra relief that night. A gruff, slightly burly, outspoken and droll guy with bright blue eyes, shaggy light brown hair, and a bright if infrequent smile hidden behind a trim, nicely kempt beard, Solana'd had the hots for Jim from day one. Sadly, any hope for action on that front was crushed shortly thereafter, when Jim asked her for travel advice about Mexico, where he was heading – with his "girl." 

"Dammit," she'd thought, "I can never catch a fucking break." Still, they'd all hung out a few times, and Solana was glad he'd come along tonight.

The three of them headed off for another bar not far away, and continued to put the drinks down, keeping up with one another, drink for drink. After Sherm & Solana rather blatantly checked out a couple clearly on a blind date ("OMG do you see what she's wearing???"), Jim showed them how it was done, casually getting up and checking out the scene on the way to the bar for another round. "You two totally fail Spy School," he joked, cocking his fingers at them. It was a joke that would last the rest of the night.

As the trio got drunker and drunker, Sherm and Solana started competing over who was more hard up for sex. 

"It's been since the fucking summer," Solana complained, "and he didn't even speak English!"

Sherm laughed. "Well, it's been almost that bad for me," he replied, "but I don't usually ask them to talk!"

"Ha!" Solana replied. A few minutes later, she asked, tentatively, "So, Sherm... What team DO you play for, anyway?"

Sherm blushed, and complimented her. "You know, I'm glad you asked. People usually assume I'm gay. But in actuality... I play for both sides!" He gave her arm a squeeze. She laughed, knowingly.

"It's like any port in a storm for you two, isn't it," asked Jim.

Solana and Sherm giggled again, and Solana patted Jim's leg. "It depends how you define 'port'..."

As the night wore down, and they headed out the door of the bar to look for cabs, Solana leaned into Sherm and asked, "Hey... wanna walk me home?" She looked right at him, and raised her eyebrows. He had to have known what she was asking. 

He paused, but only briefly, and gave her a short moment's consideration. Very short. 

"Yeah...." he said, "I'm gonna head home. See you Monday!" and with that, hopped into the cab.

"Man, rejected!!" Solana thought. "Boy am I going to feel like a fool for hinting at that! Sheesh." 

She wasn't quite ready to go home, so it was nice that Jim offered to walk her back to her place instead. Too bad she wouldn't be getting any that night, though. She knew how much Jim dug on his chica.

They chatted lightly on the way home, about Jim's new house out in the outskirts of the city, about school, and about what they'd rather be doing instead of term papers. Solana was impressed that Jim was a mountain biker. He bitched about putting on the grad-school version of the Freshman 15 since he had so little time for riding, but Solana seemed shocked – he wore it well! Jim's physique reminded her of her ex's, and she tried to compliment him in a way that was friendly without being too flirtatious. 

About 10 minutes later, the two of them got back to her place.

"Wanna call a cab? We can sit on the stoop to wait for it. Should only be a few minutes," Solana suggested. She really wasn't ready for the night to end. 

"Well, can I come in and use the can?" he asked, matter-of-factly.

"Oh of course, sure," she said, and they stumbled together up the driveway back to her apartment. She hadn't realized quite how drunk she was, but she began to notice that familiar spinning feeling fading in and out.

The went inside, and she poured herself some water while Jim took a leak. "Hey Jim," she called, "want some water? Or juice? Seltzer?"

"Seltzer," he shouted, and came on out, settling in on a barstool as she poured the club soda.

"So I'm trying to figure out how to play this next," he said.

"Hmmm?" she said, distracted.

"Well, you know," he said, in all seriousness, "I feel like you've been making it clear all night that you want to get with me."

"Um, what?" Had she???

"So do I make a move or what?" He just put it out there.

"Um, Jim, you have a girlfriend!"

"Yeah, whatever. So like, do I just take you to the bedroom? Or, what comes next." He looked at her with his unblinking blue eyes, as if it were her choice to make.

Solana wasn't quite sure what was happening. She thought she'd kept herself clearly in the friends department, but was her desire really that obvious? What was that not-so-modest talk with Sherm communicating, after all? Without thinking, she approached him, and ran her fingers up his neck and through the back of his thick hair. It'd been too long....

"Well, I guess we could just make out for a little while," she said, leaning in toward him.

Jim looked up and met her wannabe soft kiss with an open-mouthed, hot passion that drew her into him with a thick grip and a stiff force. Although slightly taken aback by the energy in his response, she acquiesced almost instantly. His pouty mouth was open and probing, more and more insistently. She pulled on the lapels of his blue nylon jacket, listening to the crinkly scratching as she moved her hands underneath it. 

She had one last thought about the other girl, and began walking him backwards through the apartment to the door, tongues still entwined. "It's safer on the porch," she said, opening the door and stumbling into the dark night. They groped each other a little bit more there on the steps, but instead of cooling down the makeout session, things seemed to only be getting hotter.

"Are you sure you don't want to go home," she asked? 

He shook his head, firmly and clearly. No.

By this point, Solana was too punch-drunk with vodka and horniness to think anymore about context. She opened the door, dragged him inside, and, with lights full-on, just took off her top, bra, and pulled him down on the couch on top of her. 

Without a second thought, Jim pulled off her boots and ripped down her jeans & panties in one shot, leaving her buck naked yet he, mostly clothed. They took a moment to concur that yes, she probably should've left on the knee socks (mental note!), but she was too frenzied to do anything about it. She felt his thick hands running up her thigh, the top of his head slowly moving up from her ankles. "Oh man," she thought, "this is my favorite part..." 

With no pretense, he ran his soft lips up her leg to her waiting pussy, now dripping and musky with anticipation. He dove in, and she was almost instantly driven wild by the contrast of the scratch of his beard along with the wet probes of his tongue against her soft flesh. With one leg over the back of the couch and the other on the floor, she splayed herself for him as he used his mouth and his fingers to bring her to the edge.

This was the type of solid, real man that she couldn't get enough of -- not one of those hairless waify types with asses smaller than hers – and she longed to feel his weight on her. Lifting her tiny leg over his head, she turned on her side to expose the small of her back and curve of her ass, drawing him down to her again from behind, loving the feel of the cloth of his pants on her bare skin. She ground against him for a moment, then, turning around, began to strip him of his sweater and shirt, leaning her face into his neck as she writhed. 

"Don't bite," he chastised gruffly, wrenching away from her just a bit. Chest now bare, Jim then scooped her up in one motion into an easy cradle carry and brought her into the bedroom, tossing her in one shot onto the bed.

Suddenly, Solana realized that maybe she'd made her likes more clear than she'd expected, what with the dirty-talk back there sitting at that bar. He flipped her over again, so her face was pressed down into the bed, and hitched her ass up just a little more, as he leaned over her, forcing her knees apart. 

"I want to fuck you in all 3 holes," Jim said. "You want that?" he added, hovering over her. Solana could only mutter out grunts into the pillow in response.

She was so wet at this point that he slipped two thick fingers easily into her pussy, twisted his hand around, and moved his thumb to the pucker of her next bud, already soft from her own juices that had dripped down. Jim clearly knew what he was doing, and just eased the digit in past the swollen front ring and deep to the next knuckle in one slow, continuous movement.

Solana gasped, and pushed back on his hand as he began to work his fingers in and out of her pussy at the same time, trying to force a third in as he twisted, moving his thumb up and around inside her tight channel. 

"You like to feel my thumb in your dirty little asshole, huh?" he growled in her ear. "Don't you?"

Solana didn't have to say anything: it was obvious.

Still, Jim's words were making her even hotter. She tried to respond, but realized her capacity for dirty talk was limited to Spanish-- she was suddenly too embarrassed to respond similarly in her native tongue! And so although she wanted more, she wanted, in fact, his whole hand if she could take it, she couldn't speak the words, but could only push back and buck and groan and bite the pillow. 

Jim began to steadily pump his hand in and out of her pussy, spreading her, stroking the rough spot on the way in and out. All the while, his thumb was implanted firmly in her ass, and it twisted as he moved the rest of his fingers. Solana was on the brink. She bucked back into his hand, driving him deeper and deeper in, covering Jim's entire hand with her juices. 

He squeezed her waist with his other hand, giving her ass a tentative smack every now and then. He was going to make this bitch come.

Her long, dark hair damp with sweat, Solana turned to look with glazed eyes over her shoulder at her classmate. 

"Don't stop," she moaned. "Don't stop, don't stop..."

"Is this what you like," Jim replied, "or do you want to feel my cock?"

With his words, Solana began to come right there, with such a force that Jim's fingers were practically squeezed out. He wanted to feel that clenching around his shaft, now throbbing and oozing with precome. 

In one swift movement, he pulled his hand out of her dripping cunt, grabbed her by the hips, and slammed balls deep into her waiting pussy. She screamed out: "Yesssss......" as he hammered into her from behind, feeling her muscles grip and cling onto him as she came.

Deep inside her pussy, now it was Jim's turn. He fucked her with a frenzy, riding high above her, watching his cock pistoning in and out of her box, the bed creaking with his power. She had reached underneath and was frigging her clit at the same time; She seemed tiny underneath him, and he loved watching her take it.

"I'm gonna come..." he warned her. She responded by reaching farther underneath to caress his balls. It did the trick. Squeezing her hips with all his might, he arched back, and let loose all he had with a husky growl. "Arrrgghh...!" 

Solana responded in unison, then collapsed on the bed underneath him, a small wet spot growing on the sheet between her legs as he pulled out.

Jim toweled himself off, and began to look around for his clothes. "I can, uh, trust your discretion?"

"Yes," she nodded. "And thank you," she added, sighing, and shooed him on home.