 A full moon hung high in the cool, cloudless sky. Its bright light shone through the open balcony of an expensive hotel illuminating a previously darkened room. The sounds of a creaking bed could be heard reverberating off the walls and exiting into the clear night. Sitting upon a small table was a metal ice bucket holding a still unopened bottle of champagne. Over the chairs hung a pair of dress pants and a fine pin stripped jacket, their companions flung less thoughtfully around the room. 

A white silk tie hung from the ceiling fan, black socks and a pair of boxer shorts had found their way into the hallway and a white shirt had fallen into the corner in a heap. The only piece of clothing treated with any respect seemed to be the pearl white wedding dress placed carefully back on a coat hanger and hanging in the open wardrobe, dazzling in its magnificence.

Heavy breathing and slight moaning joined the creaking as Chloe climbed atop her new husband. The light that spilled through the open doors exposed her slight frame, highlighting the red marks across her back from where the wedding dress had pulled too tight in its vanity. Her light freckles glowed in luminance as her pale thighs straddled the tanned skin of her lover. The small amount of makeup that had been applied the morning that now seemed so long ago was still present on her face. It felt dry and almost alien but Chloe felt beautiful. Today had been hers and when she looked down she saw rapt awe in his eyes.

Her wedding day, Chloe still couldn't believe she was now a married woman. A year in planning, what felt like twenty years of worry, and an appalling amount of money had gone into one day and it had been worth it. It had been the best day of her life but also the longest. She was tired from lack of sleep, sore from new heels and the dress. Hungry because she hadn't eaten and a bit dizzy from drinking and dancing, but she was also very wet from anxiously awaiting this moment. It wasn't their first time together, she was neither old fashioned nor religious but this was her first time, with her husband.

The creaking of the bed picked up pace and decibels as their love making grew more passionate but Chloe was absolutely oblivious to it. Placing her small hands on his strong chest she twirled her fingers through the dark hair found there. Her fingers pulled gently on the tender curls and she rocked back and forth. She felt her joy taking physical form and as her eyes closed memories of the day flooded back through her.

The ceremony had been by the ocean, on a small rocky beach not many people besides the locals new about. It had been their beach, where they first met, where they first kissed and it felt so fitting for their wedding. It had been a beautiful clear day. The sun had warmed her skin as she tearfully walked down the isle to join the man who she was now becoming one with, again, in a much more physical sense. 

Chloe opened her eyes to find him gazing up at her. His eyes where filled with a love she had never before felt and it added to the lust she saw in his smile. Even as her heart melted she wondered if it was due to the flames licking out from her womanhood. She had never wanted another person more then she wanted him, and now that they were married. Now that they were joined forever she felt like she could finally let go, and give of herself totally. Chloe finally felt safe, like she didn't need to hold back and her husband was going to find out he didn't have a kitten but I tiger.

She closed her eyes again as a moan escaped her parted lips. With her hands on her partners broad chest she gently pushed herself up until only the head of his penis was gripped between her moist lips. Then with a sigh she settled back down into his lap, relishing the feeling as his manhood again rip through her tight wet tunnel. Up and down she bounced on his lap. Slowly Chloe built the pace of their love making to a frantic speed as she used his cock to stir the embers inside her until it seemed like an inferno raged within. 

Chloe felt his strong hands which had been reverently caressing her firm breasts twist her nipples sharply and her moan became a scream as the delicious agony tore through her body. Here senses seemed to be on overdrive. Every nerve ending pulsed with pleasure and she wanted more. Tonight her body and spirit where one. She felt herself joining with him to form one wondrous whole just as the priest had said would happen.

"It is a time of celebration," the old priest has said as they stood before their friends and family. "For two people have come together and found mutual joy. They have shared their lives and decided to create a covenant between themselves, a partnership guided by spirit and body." 

"Let your love be like the flowers of the earth, beautiful and divine, ever growing, spreading love and joy throughout the Earth. May you live within a circle of love and may your unity be a thing of beauty and sweetness. May your love dance in eternal circles of time, with the dance of the earth with the sacredness of life." Chloe had heard the priest read the service, her mind and eyes never leaving those of the man before her.

Chloe had done her best to remember every word of the service. She wanted to remember every detail for the rest of her life, and as her nipples throbbed the feeling was beautiful and divine. Their joint moans as she alternately rocked and rolled his glorious cock did seem to be growing and spreading as they echoed off each wall. Every word of their ceremony was becoming clear to her anew. The air smelt sweet with the mixing of their juices and Chloe heard the luscious slurping sounds of their joining every time her engorged pussy lips settled around his cock. 

His hands left her abused nipples to slip heavily down the firm skin of her sides and settle on her hips as Chloe's hands followed in their wake. She closed her small hands atop his as she leant slightly forward and allowed him to guide the pace. They had done this before and a small knot of anxious energy built in her stomach when he squeezed the flesh of her waist. She looked deep into the brown iris of his eyes as she felt his rock hard manhood slam into her descending pussy. On every down stroke he thrust upwards, pounding into her moist tunnel. Chloe felt every vein and blemish on his cock as he pushed it between her tight lips. 

His furious hammering of her pussy was driving her to the edge and Chloe felt delirious as her juices gushed out over his cock, lubricating his pistoning machine. His secure hands held her in place and she grunted as his hips thrust up against her, bouncing on the mattress and taking them to new highs. She felt tears forming in her eyes as the love for her husband was took physical form. When he bent his neck to take one of her hard nipples into his mouth, she arched her back to the heavens.

Every thrust was taking her closer to oblivion, closer to the culmination of her perfect day and from the sound of his grunting around her nipple she knew he was close behind her. As his iron hard cock continued its assault into her tunnel, her mind was thrown back to the day again. As she remembered, her moans became her vows. 

"I, Chloe, take you, to be my husband, my partner in life and my one true love." She began to speak somewhere between a moan and a scream as his cock thundered into her.

"I will cherish our friendship and love you today, tomorrow, and forever. I will trust you and honour you. I will laugh with you and cry with you." She continued to moan to the ceiling. His hands had moved from her hips round to her slender ass and he was pulling her down onto each of his thrusts, taking them higher and higher.

"I will love you faithfully, through the best and the worst, through the difficult and the easy." Chloe stuttered through clenched teeth as her body cramped and she gulped for air. They were both drenched in sweat and the air in the room seemed to be from the tropics. Their bodies slipped and slid between each wicked collision and she felt him leave her nipple to stare up at her.

"What may come I will always be there. As I have given you my hand to hold, so I give you my life to keep." Chloe screamed in finality, her exhausted body spasming in pure pleasure. Her every nerve seemed alight with feeling. Tingles shot from her pussy as her body shook. Her knees clamped around his waist even as her pussy contracted around the cock that had taken her to the edge and beyond, thrust by thrust.

And just as Chloe's tortured mind began to piece itself back together, she heard her husband cry out and felt the body underneath her shake as tremors ripped through them both. His hips thrust against her manically and she felt his cock grow impossibly large before he erupted, spilling his seed into her chalice. 

He was cumming and she felt her pussy spasm for a second time as she was taken away again. They were riding their joint climax as only a loving couple could, gaining enjoyment that only comes from mutual release and as Chloe flew with him she knew they were married now and wherever he went she would follow.