 He arrived in town hot and frustrated after a long drive and a seemingly endless search for the house where he was to be billeted for the weekend. He’d almost given up, and when at last he found the right address, a run-down place in a seedy part of town, with an untrimmed lawn and a broken fence, he wanted to turn away to look for a motel. He was also nervous leaving his van unattended at the curb for even a few minutes with most of his expensive photographic equipment inside.

But that was when a vision of erotic temptation came into view and all choice was abandoned.

“Are you the guy staying with us for the weekend?” a sweet teenage voice asked him.

She’d come quietly up the walk behind him, and as he turned to face her he had to make an effort to stop his jaw gaping open.

“I am,” he managed to mumble, his eyes travelling swiftly up and down the awesome spectacle in front of him.

She was blonde, with greenish blue eyes, a stunningly pretty face and golden brown thighs that seemed to go on forever but eventually disappeared under one of the shortest skirts he’d ever seen. This navy blue item was matched by a blazer with reddish piping and a complicated insignia on the breast pocket. A dark blue tie over a crisp white shirt completed the ensemble, along with white knee socks and a cute straw boater hat. He was amazed to notice that she was examining him almost as closely as he was examining her.

“Come on inside and I’ll show you around,” she went on, moving past him and climbing the steps to the front door. “My name’s Ashley. What’s yours?”

“Kent,” he muttered.

She had a school satchel over one shoulder and as she maneuvered past him it nudged the camera case strung around his neck. He always carried his most valuable camera with him in readiness for the unexpected shot. The sight of her gave him the urge to start photographing her right then and there, though his camera would never have been able to capture the heavy roll of one loose breast inside her shirt, or the ripple of her brown thighs as she climbed the steps in front of him. And he certainly wouldn’t have been fast enough to catch the almost phantasmagorical flash of white panty as her skirt fluttered in the breeze.

“You’re a photographer?” she asked, opening the front door with her key and leading him inside. “You’re here to shoot the games?”

“Yes,” he mumbled. “And to do some interviews, if I can. A couple of players are college prospects.”

She was leading him downstairs, into a cool dark basement, showing him his bedroom, the bathroom next door. Then she was opening another door and standing in the threshold, smiling at him.

“This is my room,” she said, before pausing and giving him a searching look. “Can I ask you a question?”

“Sure. Of course.”

“Do you only photograph sporting events?”

“I do mostly sports. Why do you ask?”

“No reason. Just curious.”

“Can I ask you a question?”

“Sure.”

“Your outfit. That uniform.”

She laughed. “Pretty dorky, isn’t it? I’m in my final year at a local parochial school. I turned eighteen in February so I only have a few weeks to go before I’m free. My dad enrolled me years back, when mom left. He thought I was growing too wild.”

“Wild?”

“Yes. You know. Boys and stuff. He thought I needed a stricter upbringing. More discipline.”

“And did it work?”

“What do you think?”

“I don’t know you well enough to comment.”

They were silent a moment, staring at each other frankly in the half light of the basement. He felt a stirring in his cock as he gazed at her. He’d never come across so alluring and erotic a vision of girlhood in all his travels, which had been extensive. A spasm of guilt flowed through him.

“Shouldn’t I meet your parents? Are they upstairs?”

“As I said, mom left years back. Ran off with some salesman guy. It’s just dad and me, and he’s hardly ever home. He drives truck. Long distance. He’s gone for days at a time. You might see him tonight, you might not. I never know his schedule.”

Again they were silent for a while, staring at each other. He found it hard to take his eyes off her. She was mesmerizing. And what amazed him most was the fact that she seemed equally interested in him. Again he felt a twitch in his crotch.

“Will you be here for dinner? Do I need to order something?” she asked.

“No no, I have to go over to the stadium. Check things out. There are practise sessions tonight. I’ll get something there. I’ll probably be back late.”

“I won’t lock up until after you get in.”

She flashed him a warm smile and stepped into her room. Resisting the urge to follow her he went back to his own room, which was surprisingly cozy and pleasant, considering the outer state of the house. He hauled in some cameras and personal items from his van, his imagination on fire with the thought of such erotic temptation a few feet from his bedroom. He’d probably see very little of her, though, come to think of it. She was sure to have some stud boyfriend, and would doubtless be with him all weekend. Good thing too. He needed to concentrate to cover the damn football games.

He was on his way out the door when she called out to him from the foot of the stairs.

“Would you mind if I hitched a ride with you to the stadium? I just heard from some friends who are hanging out, watching from the stands.”

“Sure. Come along. Will you need a ride back home?”

“Maybe. I’ll let you know.”

She dashed up the steps and they headed to his van. She’d changed out of her school uniform, he noticed. She wore cut-off jeans and a loose sweatshirt that did little to hide the heavy roll of her lush breasts.

“You meeting a boyfriend?” he asked as they moved out from the seedy side of town toward the wide boulevards near the stadium.

“I don’t have a boyfriend. We broke up two months back when I caught him fucking a friend of mine.”

“Ouch. He cheated on someone as cute as you?”

“He came to regret it. But I won’t take him back. There are lots of other guys around.”

“No one yet though?”

“Not yet. I’m taking my time. I graduate in a few weeks. I may not even stay in town. How about you? You married?”

“Not yet. I broke up with someone not long ago myself. I’m enjoying being single.”

She turned her head to smile at him and he again felt the twinge in his crotch. He wondered how he’d make it through the weekend living in close quarters with such a luscious young girl.

“Tell me about your photography. You say you mostly do sports?”

“Yes. I work for a newspaper in the city.”

“Ever do any other photography? With models and such?”

“Why do you ask?”

“Oh, I’m thinking of putting together a portfolio. I think I’d enjoy modelling.”

“What kind of modelling?” he asked, his mind racing.

“I’m not sure yet. But I do have a pretty awesome body.”

“You do. And a face to match. I think you could do very well.”

“Do you really? Do you have any connections in the city?”

“Not at the paper. But I do know one guy. He’s kind of a specialist, though.”

“Specialist?”

“He does nudes. Erotic photography. You’d have to take your clothes off.”

“I could do that! I’m not shy, in case you haven’t noticed. I could really get into something like that. Does he do porn?”

“I believe he has done some. I’m not sure how much.”

“Could you arrange for me to meet him? Not for the porn, necessarily. I’m not sure I’m ready for that. But the nude stuff I could do, I know it.”

“I could talk to him. But it would help if I had some samples to show him.”

“Let’s do it! Let’s start tomorrow, if you have time. We could start my portfolio.”

He glanced over at her to see if she was serious. She appeared to be. Her green-blue eyes were alight as she gazed ahead, and there was a soft, incredibly mature smile on those full, pulpy lips. It turned into a sexy laugh as he was forced suddenly to jam on the brakes before nearly rear-ending a pick-up truck in front of them.

“Sorry,” he grinned, as they turned into the stadium parking lot. “I was too busy thinking about you with no clothes on.”

They parted just inside the stadium, she to meet her friends, he to take some informal shots of the practise session and chat with the coach and two of the more promising players, a wide receiver and a potential star quarterback. But he found it hard to concentrate. He couldn’t get Ashley off his mind. He caught sight of her up in the stands at one point, laughing with a couple of girlfriends. Then she was gone and he went back to wandering round the stadium trying to focus.

He had a burger and a couple of beers at the concession stand and after a few follow-up questions for the coach he prepared to leave, scanning the dispersing fans for Ashley. He sat in the van for several long minutes, waiting for her to show, and had started the vehicle and was about to pull out when suddenly there she was.

She was waving goodbye to her friends and as she neared the van he noticed her bump into an elderly man and stagger a little, as if she were drunk. Sure enough, she almost tripped climbing into the vehicle, a huge grin lighting up her face.

“Sorry I’m late. I’ve had such a great time. Kate and Morgan had a bottle of vodka in their car and we spent the last hour demolishing it. At least Kate and I did. Morgan has to drive. I’m a little tipsy.”

“You sure are. You sure you don’t want to stay with them.?”

“No. I want to go home with you. You’re nice.”

He didn’t quite know what to say to that so he drove on in silence, trying to ignore the erection stirring in his jeans. She was quiet too until they were almost home.

“Did you get the shots you wanted?” she asked finally.

“A few. I couldn’t concentrate. I had my mind on other things.

“Like what?”

“You, actually. I couldn’t stop thinking about you.”

She laughed. “I’m flattered. Were they clean thoughts?”

“No they weren’t. They were incredibly dirty.”

Again she laughed, as they pulled up in front of the house. She climbed out, a little unsteadily, and rummaged for her key. Then before she slammed her door she had one last word.

“See you inside.”

He sat there for a long minute, hoping for his erection to subside, as she went up the walk and disappeared into the house. Her last words sure sounded like an invitation of some kind, but he was wary in case her father was home. It didn’t look like it. The house was dark. But his expectations were not very high as he followed her into the house and stashed his gear in his room. Her bedroom door was closed and so he headed into the bathroom and within seconds was standing under a hot shower, gently stroking his now half erect cock.

Under the hissing hot water he didn’t hear the bathroom door open. Ashley had slipped in quietly wearing nothing but her panties and bra. One strap had fallen off her shoulder and a full breast was exposed almost to the nipple. She didn’t seem to notice. All her attention was on the shower stall and the shadow splashing under the spray.

The water stopped and Kent stepped out and began towelling down. It took him several seconds to notice Ashley standing there.

“Ashley! What is this?” he gasped.

“I wanted to see you. I wanted to see you without your clothes,” she replied. Her face was a little flushed and she was breathing heavily, her breasts rising and falling in their flimsy harness.

“Is your father home?” He was towelling off as quickly as he could.

“He’s not back till Tuesday. He texted me.”

She was examining him closely, her eyes taking in the muscles of his arms and chest, his flat belly, his thighs. He was keeping the towel over his crotch, but she caught glimpses of his cock from time to time.

“Oh fuck, it’s huge! I knew it would be,” she sighed.

He stopped towelling and stared at her. Then he slowly wrapped the towel over his shoulders and stood there naked for her, his engorged prick swaying gently from side to side. It was thick and puffy, seeming to curve halfway to his knees after his partial masturbation in the shower. He leaned back against the sink counter and smiled.

“You like it?”

“Oh fuck, it’s beautiful!” she gasped.

She took a step toward him, her eyes never leaving his cock. It seemed to be stiffening, angling higher till it no longer pointed to the floor but at her crotch.

“Would you mind if I touched it?” she asked. And without waiting for an answer she curled her fingers around it and gently squeezed.

It responded right away, stiffening in her fist. She began a slow pumping motion, amazed at how heavy it was. It was like a chunk of lead pipe in her hand.

“Fuck, it’s getting even bigger!” she raved. “Just how huge does it get?”

“Wait and see,” he laughed.

She stood really close to him now and he took a few seconds to study her face. She really was one of the most beautiful creatures he’d ever seen. The long straight blonde hair, the incredible eyes, the perfect teeth, and a mouth that sent his imagination into overdrive. Her lips were amazingly full and pulpy, with an almost indecent pout to them. He wanted to kiss them, to suck on them, and he couldn’t help but wonder how they would feel wrapped around his cock. 

Her body was perfection. Full, heavy tits, a tiny waist, flat brown belly, gently curved hips, and long, slender, perfectly shaped legs. There was a gap where her pussy mound separated her thighs inside her taut white panties.

“Would you let me suck it?” she whispered.

It was a question he’d never imagined hearing, and he didn’t even need to answer it. She was sinking to her knees, one hand still clutching his prick, the other stroking down his chest and belly. His cock soared up dangerously in her fist now and she eyed it for a few seconds, smiling softly.

“It must be nine inches long and it’s still growing!” she cooed. “And so thick!”

She scraped her tongue up the underside of the shaft, planted a wet kiss on the hot pink head, then sank her pulpy lips over it.

He groaned softly. Her lips felt even better than he’d imagined. He watched them creep lower and lower. His cockhead and several inches of shaft disappeared. Then she paused, breathing deeply through her nose.

“You sure your dad isn’t around?” he gasped.

There was no answer for several seconds while she sucked. Finally she drew her mouth up and off the shaft with a wet plop. 

“You think I’d be on my knees sucking cock in the basement bathroom if he was?” she smiled.

But then right away she was back on it, licking, kissing,, and sinking her swollen lips over the throbbing head. This time she went deeper, taking almost half the thick shaft in before starting a gentle up and down motion with her face. His cock grew thicker, harder, longer.

She wrapped both fists around it and squeezed as she shucked up and down. He groaned again. The sight of her lovely face bloated with his granite cock was driving him quickly to the edge. His balls were growing heavy and numb.

“Can I lick your balls?” she panted, pulling her mouth off him to take another breather. 

It was as if she could sense his condition, and without waiting for a reply she began scraping her pretty pink tongue this way and that on his nut sac, leaving it glistening. All the while one fist kept up a steady wanking motion on his prick. 

At one point she drew one bloated ball into her mouth and began sucking on it like a piece of hard candy. She stretched the skin of his scrotum taut with a slight backward movement of her head. And she all the while gazed up at him around the massive bulk of his hard-on with those awesome blue-green eyes.

She slopped out his testicle and drew in the other one, performing the same obscene service. But then she sensed a sudden tension in his thighs and she knew how close he was drawing to climax. She set free his balls and grinned up at him.

“Do you want to fuck my tits for a while?” she wondered.

She slipped the remaining bra strap off her shoulder and let the halter slither to her waist. She rose up on her knees and pressed both big beautiful tits to either side of his monster cock. Up and down she humped, squeezing his trapped prick and scraping the shaft with her rock-hard nipples.

“You’re really something, young lady,” he croaked. His hands came up to stroke through her gorgeous blonde hair.

“I guess I just love really big cocks. I just can’t help myself,” she grinned.

“Have you had very many?”

“No, that’s just it. I’ve only had small or average cocks. I’m learning something new about myself every day.”

“You seem really ... experienced.”

“Not really. But I’m a very fast learner. And I love sex. You’ve no idea just how much I love sex.”

He felt the sperm rising in his balls. Much more talk like this and he’d be shooting his load. Already his cock was oozing gobs of slime into her cleavage as she fucked him with her tits.

“Fuck, I love your cock! I just fucking love it!” she moaned. “I could suck it all night long.”

She was letting his dick slip from between her tits, gripping it in one hand before shoving it back in her mouth. But suddenly he took it from her, clutched it in his fist and began rubbing it harshly into her face, smearing pre-cum juice onto her cheeks, her chin, her nose, her mouth, her eyelids and forehead.

“Yes! Do that! Do dirty, dirty things to me!” she mumbled. “Do whatever you want! I’ll let you do anything!”

She stuck out her tongue and tried to lick his prick as it was smeared this way and that on her lovely features. Eventually he rammed it back in her mouth and forced it deep in her gullet. Her eyes bulged and her nostrils flared as he began to fuck her face as hard as he could.

He held her head in his hands and plowed back and forth, his ass pistoning. She gurgled. She snorted. Her eyes rolled. She was almost choking on his cock. And as she waited for his prick to explode in her mouth strings of saliva and pre-cum juice drooled from her lips.

But then he pulled his glistening dick from her mouth and gripped it tight in one fist. He began to jerk off furiously, his cockhead inches above her face.

“Tilt your head back. Open your mouth. Close your eyes,” he ordered.

She did as she was told and he placed his free left hand alongside her head and angled her back further, his fingers clutching her hair.

“Do you know what I’m going to do to you?” he panted.

“You’re going to come all over my face,” she answered.

“And how do you feel about that?”

“I want you to. I want to feel your hot jizz all over my cheeks and forehead and in my eyes and up my nose and in my hair and fucking everywhere.”

“Ever had it done to you before?”

“Never.”

“Because I’m warning you, I haven’t had sex in three weeks. I’m liable to shoot a couple of quarts.”

“Do it! Spurt your hot jizz all over my face! Cover me with it! I want to drown in your sperm! I want to look like a dirty, cum-covered slut!”

“Okay. Get ready to be painted. Take a deep breath. I’m going to fucking plaster you.”

All this time he’d been jerking off madly and now he let out a deep groan as a monstrous rope of semen rode up the center of Ashley’s face, smearing her cheek, sealing one eye shut and ending up looped in her blonde hair.

“Ohhh!” she gasped, partly in shock, partly in pleasure. “More! More! I want to be fucking covered! Paint my face with your cock-slime!”

She waited with her face under his pumping cock for more of his scalding ball juice, giving off loud moans of joy each time a fresh wad hit her. He began to splatter her full in the face with jet after jet of steaming sperm. For the better part of a minute he pasted her other cheek, her nose, her chin and her other eye. Ashley’s poor face was soon disfigured with thick ropes of silver.

“Sweet fuck!” he howled, spraying another huge streamer of cum up the center of her face. His balls seemed to have endless supplies of juice to unload.
