 It's a Friday afternoon at about 2:30 and I just got home from work after punching out early. I'm sitting in the office den going through some papers for the project I've been working on, trying to get them all organized and seeing if I can run through some figures that have been bugging me lately. I become so in tune to what I'm doing that I don't even take off my work clothes. Still wearing my shirt and tie along with my slacks, I sit and lean over my desk, going through the papers and losing track of time.

Tap tap tap. I start as I hear the knock on the door, looking at the clock and realizing I've been working for nearly an hour and a half.

"Come in," I say.

Slowly the door opens and you walk in demurely. I look you up and down, taking in your outfit. Your hair is in pigtails. A white blouse that you have tied tightly under your breasts with three buttons done, your breasts pushing hard against the material and most of your stomach exposed, a white bra pushing your breasts up and together, showing a lot of cleavage, a black and red plaid skirt, falling barely an inch past the bottom of your ass. Knee high white socks with platform sandals complete the outfit. You stand in front of me, looking down at the floor, legs together with one knee slightly bent and a finger in your mouth, like you were caught with your hand in the cookie jar.

"You wanted to see me, Sir?" You ask softly.

I stare blankly for a moment, then realize what it is that you're doing.

"Yes, Skyler, I did," I say.

"What for?" You ask, slowly looking up to meet my gaze.

"Miss Miller tells me you've been naughty today."

"No, no I haven't, Sir."

"She tells me that you haven't been wearing panties again, Skyler."

"No, she's lying!"

"I don't know Skyler, this wouldn't be the first time you didn't wear your underwear."

"I'm wearing my underwear today, Sir. I promise."

"Well what if you're not? You know that if you're not and you lied to me that you're going to have to be punished."

"Yes Sir, I know."

"Good. Now are you wearing your underwear or not?"

"Yes Sir, I am wearing it."

"Prove it, Skyler. Lift your skirt and show me that you are."

"No, please Sir. I don't want to show you."

"That just tells me that you're lying to me, Skyler. Now I think that you're not wearing panties like Miss Miller said."

Reluctantly, you look down at the floor and lift your skirt, your smooth, shaved pussy coming into view and showing that you are in fact not wearing any underwear. I can also see a small ring hanging from your clit. I smile inwardly at that.

"So Miss Miller was right. You do know that you'll have to be punished for this, right?" I ask sternly.

"Yes Sir."

"Come over here then."

Slowly you walk over to me, standing next to me. I grab your wrist and pull you down and over my lap. Lying across my lap, your skirt has ridden up, exposing the bottom of your tight, firm ass. Your pussy is also peeking through your thighs, glistening with moisture.

"Nooo!" You say, trying to plead with me.

"I'm sorry Skyler, but if you're going to be naughty, you have to be punished."

"B-b-b-but Sir, I've learned my lesson."

"That's not good enough, Skyler. You still need to be punished for being such a naughty girl."

Thwack! My hand falls on your ass, not too hard yet, but just hard enough to sting more than a little. Your body jerks at the sudden impact.

"Ungh," you grunt.

Thwack! This time on the other side, and a little harder than before.

"Unnngh," you grunt louder.

I lightly rub my hand over your ass, seeing the slightly reddish hue forming where my hands have impacted. As I do this, I push your skirt up a little higher until its bunched up at your waist. Thwack! My hand falls on your ass harder, the force of the impacts starting to really sting.

"Unnnnnnnnng."

"Was that a moan, Skyler?" I ask.

"N-n-no sir, it wasn't."

Thwack!! I smack your ass harder still, the red getting deeper and darker.

"Unnnnmmmmmm."

"Don't lie to me again, you're moaning aren't you?"

"N-n-n-n-no, I'm not."

"I said don't lie to me," I say sternly as I bring my hand down on your ass harder, rubbing your ass lightly after.

"Ohhhh, ok ok. Yes, I am moaning, Sir."

"That's what I thought, Skyler. Now why are you moaning?"

"I like it."

Thwack! "You like what, little girl?"

"Mmmmm I like being spanked, Sir."

"Why do you like being spanked?"

"It turns me on sir, it makes me horny."

Thwack! I spank your ass harder, starting to near the peak of my strength.

"How horny does it make you?"

"Ohhhhhh yes. It makes me very horny sir."

Thwack! Your entire ass is a deep red now.

"Mmmmmmmmm spank me again, sir."

Thwack! "Now, you've been bad, haven't you, Miss Skyler?"

"Yes sir, I've been very bad. I forgot to wear my underwear again."

"Why did you forget them?"

"I-I-I-I don't know, I guess I was in too much of a hurry this morning."

THWACK! "I don't believe you, I think you did it on purpose."

"OHHHHH god. No Sir, I'm not doing it on purpose."

"Don't lie to me, girly."

"I'm not lying, Sir."

"I said don't lie, Skyler, or we'll have to do this every day."

"I'm not lying, Sir. I swear."

THWACK!! "Stop lying, Skyler. It seems you may have to be punished every day anyway."

"OHHHHHHHmmmmm yes, Sir."

"Yes what?"

"I need to be punished every day."

"And why is that?"

"Because I'm such a naughty girl."

THWACK! Now spanking you as hard as I can, your ass is a very deep red and I can feel the heat emanating from it.

"Yes, you are a very naughty girl, Skyler. Now you better tell me, are you not wearing your underwear on purpose?"

"Yes, Sir, I am."

"You're what, Skyler?"

"I'm not wearing underwear on purpose, Sir."

THWACK! "Why are you doing that?"

"MMMM because I like to be punished, Sir."

"Is there anything else you like, Skyler?"

"Yes, Sir, there is."

"What's that?"

"I like to be fucked, Sir."

THWACK! "Why do you like to be fucked, Skyler?"

"AHHHHH because I'm a little slut, Sir!"

"Stand up, slut."

"Yes Sir." Slowly you stand up, your skirt falling back over your reddened ass. You sigh lightly as you feel the heat from the spankings course through your body, seeming to flow right to your clit. You stand there demurely like before, waiting for me to say something.

"So you're a little slut, are you Skyler?" I ask with an unwavering tone.

"Yes Sir, I am," you answer huskily, the heat and passion in your loins evident in your voice.

"Do not call me 'Sir' anymore, from now on you are to refer to me as 'Master.'"

"Yes Sir, I-I-I mean, Master."

"Strip for me," I command harshly.

"Yes Master," you say breathlessly. You reach up and slowly untie your blouse, letting it fall to its full length with still only those three buttons done. The strain from your breasts against the blouse is seemingly threatening to pop the buttons. You unbutton the blouse and slide it off your shoulders and down your arms, throwing it to the side. Next you slide your hands down your stomach and slowly unzip the skirt, letting it fall to the floor. You kick it over with the discarded blouse. You turn around and face away from me, my gaze falling onto your perfect, round ass, the red from your spanking still very prominent. You reach behind you and unclasp your bra, throwing it over with the rest of your clothes. You bend over slightly to lower your socks and I notice the beads of juices dripping down your legs from your pussy.

"Leave the socks and shoes on, slut," I tell you.

"Yes Master," you reply as you stand up straight and turn to face me. I let my gaze move up and down over your body, taking in your beautiful face and hair, your perfect 36C breasts, your firm, flat tummy, your soaking pussy and your toned legs.

"Come here. Sit on my desk," I say, moving my chair back some to make room for you. You walk the short distance to my desk and sit on it, directly in front of me.

"Play with yourself for me, Skyler," I command. "Show me how you masturbate."

"Yes Master," you say as you spread your legs wide, putting one foot up on the desk. Running your hands up your stomach, you cup your tits and circle to your nipples, rubbing them with your fore and middle fingers, making them harder than they previously were. Stopping for a moment to lick your fingers, you rub the wetness over you nipples and pinch them between your thumb and index finger. You pinch and pull softly at first, but slowly get harder until you're pinching just hard enough to be right on the threshold of pain and pleasure, and pulling hard enough that your tits are distended just to the point of being painful. You let go and they snap back into place, jiggling slightly and your nipples are about half an inch long.

Slowly you run one of your hands down your stomach to the top of your pubic mound and rub lightly back and forth, just barely missing your clit. You keep playing with your tits with one hand while you rub circles from the top of your mound down the outer edge of your lips and back up the other side, teasing yourself a little bit. Suddenly you rub your clit hard and pull on the ring, moaning loudly as you do.

"You have a very pretty pussy, my little whore," I compliment.

"Thank you, Master," you say as you moan, smiling. You rub and tug hard on your clit and ring, making your juices flow even more than they were before. They begin to pool on my desk and stream down your thighs, soaking your entire crotch. I inhale deeply and take in the scent of your arousal, which in turn arouses me even more, my cock now completely hard, tenting my pants. You glance down and see the tent my big eight inch dick is making as you slide your hand down your pussy and push in two fingers. 

"What do you think about when you play with yourself, slut?" I ask.

"Mmm I think about you, Master," you answer boldly, starting to fuck yourself slowly.

"What about me do you think about?"

You increase the speed of your fucking as you answer: "I think about you fucking my tight pussy, Master."

"Is that so?"

"Yes Master," you moan deeply as you slide a third finger in and fuck yourself even harder.

"What else do you think about, whore?" I ask, curious to see how far your fantasies about me go.

"I think about you eating me, sucking and licking my pussy," you reply. "And I think about sucking your cock."

"I see. Is there anything else you think about?"

"Yes Master."

"What else do you think about while you fuck your pussy?"

"I think about you fucking my ass too, Master," you say as you slide in a fourth finger, now fucking your sopping pussy as hard as you can, the utter wetness making loud squishing noises.

"You like having your tight ass fucked too, don't you whore?"

"Yes Master, I do."

"Good. What else there you think about, little slut?"

"Is there something else you want me to think about, Master?"

"Yes, there is actually. I want you to think about fucking another girl."

"Yes Master," you say as you lean back on your other hand and fuck your pussy as hard as you can, now using your thumb to rub your clit.

"I want you to think about eating her little quim, her eating yours, finger fucking each other, fucking her with toys like dildos and vibrators and her doing the same to you, and fucking each other with strap-ons."

"OHHHHH," you moan loudly as the image forms in your head. You give me an impish look and say: "Yes Master, I will."

"I also want you to think about being fucked by more than one guy at once, my little slut."

"How many guys, Master?" You ask as your eyes light up at the suggestion.

"You get to pick," I tell you, grinning.

"I think I want ten to twenty guys at once, all with big cocks just for me," you tell me, your voice filled with a sense of excitement at the idea. You lay back on the desk and use both hands on your cunt now, rubbing and tugging at your clit while you fuck yourself with those four fingers.

"How would you want them to fuck you?" I ask curiously.

"Mmm any way they want to fuck me."

"And where would you want all that cum those guys are sure to have built up for you?"

"All over me. I'd want their cum all over me, covering my tits and stomach, all over my pussy and thighs, and covering my face."

"Why do you want to be covered in cum, slut?"

"Mmmmm because I love cum. I'm a little cumslut," you say dreamily.

"Good. And I also want you to think about fucking multiple women at once."

"How many, Master?"

"Up to twenty. Now tell me what you want, little slut."

You sit up and lean back on your hands, looking me in the eye. "I want you to eat my pussy, Master. Come here and suck my cunt in your mouth. Fucking eat my pussy."

I move closer to you, hold onto your thighs and lean in close. I hover above your pussy for a moment, looking at the juices pouring out of it and inhaling the scent. You shiver a little as my breath brushes lightly over your sensitive clit. Slowly I lean all the way in. Starting just above your clit, I kiss and lick ever so lightly down the outside of your pussy and down your left thigh then back up again and doing the same thing to the other side. As I do that I lick up the juices that have flown down your legs and around your pussy, more than I've ever seen from a girl and I haven't even started in on the source. Reaching the top of my circuit again, kiss down one side and up the other slowly, teasing you mercilessly by not giving you what you want. Slowly my kisses circle in closer and closer, until finally I suck you clit hard into my mouth, causing you to scream out in pleasure.

"AAAAHHHHH! YES, SUCK MY CLIT!!"

I suck your clit into my mouth harder, flicking over it with my tongue, the sensation of your ring moving up and down as I move over your clit with my tongue heightening the pleasure. You moan loudly, hips bucking up into my face. I slide my hand up to your pussy and rub up and down over your cunt hole. Slowly I push two fingers into your pussy and your hips buck up harder.

"Yes, finger my pussy while you suck my clit, Master. That feels soooo good," you moan loudly, encouraging me on.

I start to fuck your pussy hard with my fingers, all the while still sucking hard on your clit. Gently I start to nibble on it, causing jolts of concentrated pleasure to course through you. While doing this I slide a third finger in and fuck you harder, nibbling ever harder as I do. At the same moment I start to nibble on your clit as hard as you can stand, I slide a fourth finger into your cunt and fuck it as hard as I can.

"Holy fuck!" You scream. "I'm gonna cum. Keep fucking me, make me cum!" You yell loudly, the combination of my sucking and nibbling your clit and the four fingers inside you pushing you over the edge. "I'm cuuuuummmmmming!!" Your hips buck and thrust wildly and I try and hang on for the ride. Your head thrashes wildly from side to side, flinging your pigtails. Your juices flow out of you, soaking your pussy and thighs even more and pooling onto my desk in a big puddle. I try and drink down as much as I can, but it flows out over my chin and neck.

"Your pussy is divine," I say to you as your climax fades. "That has to be the best tasting pussy I've ever eaten."

"Mmmm thank you Joe, I mean Master," you slip, but I let it slide this time. "No one's ever eaten me like that, you're the best."

"Good. Now slut, I want you to suck my cock," I command as I lean back in my chair, grabbing your hand and pulling you up. I pull you into me and press my lips hard to yours, kissing you passionately and sharing your exquisite juices with you. After the kiss is broken you kneel down in front of my and run your hands up my legs. You slow as you near my very hard dick, staring intently at the tent it is forming in my pants. Your fingers lightly grasp it while your other hand moves up and pulls my shirt out from my pants. Undoing my belt, you move your head in closer and look down as you unsnap and unzip my pants. You look up at me and I smile approvingly. Beaming with the knowledge that I like what you're doing, you hook your fingers in the waistband of both my slacks and boxer-briefs and start to pull them down off my hips. I lift my ass off the chair to help you get them off. You stare lustily as the base of my cock comes into view. Slowly more and more of the shaft appears until suddenly it springs up from its confines and flops against my stomach.

"Ooooh, Master, your cock is gorgeous," you say as you grasp it in your hand and lick your lips lustily.

"Suck it, whore. Suck my dick."

"I'd love to, Master," you say as you lean in and run your tongue over the tip, causing me to moan lightly and my cock to convulse. You lick around the head, concentrating on that sensitive spot just behind the bottom of my head that you've found. Teasingly you stop and lick down the shaft then back up, coating my shaved dick in a layer of your saliva. Going back down, you continue on to my heavy nuts, sucking first one then the other into your mouth and running your tongue over them. You do this for a few moments, then lick back up my shaft and swirl your tongue around the head again. I groan and thrust my hips up to try and get you to take me into your mouth, but to no avail. You continue to tease me like that and I take your head in my hands and run my fingers through your hair. Suddenly you engulf me in your mouth, taking my entire dick deep into your throat causing me to groan loudly.

"Ahhhhh yes. That's it," I tell you.

You don't keep me in your throat for long though and after a few blissful seconds you pull back to the head, leaving the tip in your mouth. Again you tease me by just licking the head, but the added sensation of your lips forming a tight seal around me as you suck hard makes it that much sweeter. Finally you push me back into your throat, pulling back and pushing in again so that I'm basically fucking your face. I hold onto your pigtails and thrust my hips up into your face. You love to give head as evident by your moaning loudly while you suck me. I pull you off of me and look down at you.

"Sit back on the desk," I tell you. You stand and jump back up onto the desk and spread your legs wide. "You want me to fuck you, slut? You want Master Joe to fuck your tight little cunt?" I ask.

"Oh god yes, Master," you reply excitedly. "Fuck my pussy. Fuck me, treat me like a slut."

"And why do you want me to do that, Skyler?"

"Because that's what I am, Master. I'm a dirty little slut and I want you to fuck me like it."

"Whose dirty little slut are you?"

"I'm your dirty little slut, yours and no one else's."

I stand up in front of you, my cock pointing up toward the ceiling. I lossen my tie and unbutton my shirt, taking both of them off. Completely naked in front of you, I move closer and grab your legs, lifting them so that you fall back on the desk and your legs are spread wide and up in the air. Moving closer to you, I rub my cockhead up and down along your pussy lips, teasing you. Starting at the bottom, I rub from just above your asshole up to your clit. You try and get my cock into you by thrusting your hips up at me while I'm rubbing over your cunt hole, but every time you do I pull back just enough to keep me out. After a few minutes you start to moan whiningly, but I don't push into you.

"Please, please put it in. I can't take it anymore," you beg. I look up at your face and watch it twist and contort in pleasurable agony, you waiting for me to drive my throbbing manhood deep into your soaking, swollen pussy. "God, I can't fucking wait...fuck me, FUCK ME NOW!"

I can no longer hold myself back and I give into the sweet temptation of your pussy, thrusting in all the way in one hard stroke. You scream as I bottom out inside of you, holding it there to savor the tight, wet sensation your cunt is giving me. Not sticking to any ceremony, I just begin to pound in and out of you mercilessly. I drive into you as hard as I can, the force of my thrusts causing the desk to slide back a little.
