 Just because i'm single does not mean that my friends have the right to set me up with any random guy they meet on the street. 

I wish they would get this through their thick heads!

I've been on countless blind dates with losers that are alone for a reason. They are some of the worst experiences in my life. Being eye fucked while forced to sit and listen to some wankers chauvinistic crap is not my idea of a good time.

In saying that, one of the ladies I worked with had been asking me to go out with her newly single cousin for a few weeks. I said no on countless occasions but she was a very persistent woman. I finally gave in and agreed to meet him that very next saturday. 

The only tidbits of information I could get out of my workmate about my date was that his name was Daniel and he was a 30 year old builder. The plan was for him to meet me at my place and go out to dinner then catch a show at the theatre after. 

He was picking me up at 8pm so I took my time getting ready and chose a my favourite mid length emerald green dress with a cream cardigan and black flats. I left my long brown hair down and only wore minimal makeup. 

Daniel arrived at my apartment right on time and I went down to the lobby to meet him. We gave each other the once over and I was quite surprised. He was not what I expected, with shaggy brown hair and piercing green eyes. He was tanned from being out in the sun all the time, but not all dried out and leathery like I thought he would be. He was about 4 inches taller than me, which put him around 6 foot. 

Not bad. 

His smile was warm too, and maybe a tad intense. He was dressed smart casual, with a collared shirt, bomber jacket and black jeans. I was liking what I was seeing. 

Dinner was nice. We went to a local place I knew that served good simple food. 

Not much small talk was going on between us though. I got the gist that he was more of the strong silent type, not one for chit chat. I did catch him looking at me a few times. I just turned away, blushing.

By the time we were seated for the show, I was a ball of nerves. The sexual electricity between us was almost crackling. His gazes at me were getting longer and he didn't look away when I caught him. I was kind of excited.

During the show his thigh rubbed against mine quite a bit and our hands grazed every few minutes because I couldn't stop fidgeting. 

It was the longest play I have ever had to sit through, but I have no idea what it was about when it finished. 

I don't remember getting out of the theatre or into his car either, but the drive back to my place was silent. Daniel got out of his car first and came around to my side and opened my passenger door for me. I thanked him and got out of the car. We stood looking at each other for a few seconds and he cleared his throat. 

"Shall we?" He said, while pointing to the entrance to my building. 

He walked me to my door and I panicked a little. I didn't want this to be the end of our night together.

"Would you like to come in for some tea or coffee?" I asked.

His jaw clenched and he just nodded.

I led the way into the kitchen and put the kettle on. I was really nervous and didn't know what to say. This was crazy. 

I found him really attractive and wanted to kiss him. But for some reason I was acting like a school girl. 

Stuff it. When he turns around, just kiss him. 

So that is just what I did. 

Kind of forcefully actually. 

He must have liked it because he kissed me back. Next thing I knew he had roughly pushed me face first into my kitchen wall. The painted surface felt cool against my flushed cheek. 

He used one hand to pin both of my wrists above my head, locking me in position with my head turned so he could still kiss me. 

The other hand found the hem of my dress and had inched its way up and around my thigh, straight to the entrance of my pussy. He moved my lace panties and stroked me just inside my lips, then pushed his middle finger all the way inside me. 

He gave me a second to adjust to his assault then sank a second finger into me. I could have screamed, it felt so damn good. He kept his fingers still, teasing me. 

I was so desperate for some kind of friction that I started riding his hand, gyrating back and forth, up and down. 

But it wasn't enough.

I was dripping wet and so frustrated. I needed more. 

Thats when he forced a third finger into my cunt and positioned his thumb to rub on my clit whenever I moved forward. 

It took me less than a minute to cum from this and all I could say was a breathy 

"Fucckkkk" as my pussy walls convulsed around his fingers. He was breathing heavily into my ear as he took his hand out from under the hem of my dress and released my wrists from the other. 

He turned me around and pushed me down to my knees. I unzipped his pants and yanked them down enough to release his rock hard dick. I licked the tip and he jutted forward, trying to push his tip past my lips. I moved my head under his cock and nibbled his heavy ball sack, sucking one ball into my mouth at a time and letting them pop out when I pulled too tautly. I lazily ran my tongue back up along the underside of his dick, coming to the tip once again. This time I took as much as I could into my mouth, sucking hard. He growled and grabbed my head with both hands so he could control the speed as he fucked my mouth with his dick. I gagged a few times but managed to keep my mouth tight around him. His speed picked up and I knew he was close to coming so I pushed him out of my mouth and pulled my dress up over my arse, pushing my panties down to my knees. He needed no extra encouragement and drove his cock into me as deeply as he could. I had to steady myself using the wall that came in handy earlier, to stop from falling over He was riding me so hard. Each thrust was more punishing than the last and I was loving it. Dirty talk started coming from my mouth "Your dick is so thick. Come on baby, harder. Fuck me till I scream. Cum in my cunt." I couldn't stop myself. I was insatiable. 

He groaned at my filthy remarks and grabbed my tits through my dress, pinching my nipples hard. I knew I was close and tried to hold off as long as I could. I crossed my legs to make my pussy clamp around his lubed dick to give him the best sensation. It must have felt good for both of us because another couple of thrusts I was screaming from another orgasm and he was spurting gob after gob of thick cum into me. It had started to trickled slowly down my legs before he finished moving in me. He pulled out of me and turned around to pull his jeans up, not even bothering to wipe his dick.

"Take your panties off" he said as he turned to me. Not one word had been said between us since I kissed him but I obliged and removed my undergarments. He took them out of my hand and sniffed them deeply before putting them in his pocket.

"I have to go now, but I promise to call you tomorrow. After that I would be mad not to! See you soon baby". He said, as he kissed me on my forehead and walked out. 

Best blind date EVER!