 Melissa leaned back in her hospital bed in her bedroom and thought. Her husband was having an affair. Scott had an overpowering sex drive. Before the accident which left her paralyzed from the waist down they had had sex twice a day or more. At first when she came home and they thought she might recover he had joked about it. Laughed about how he had never waited so long for a piece of pussy. But gradually, as it became clear she would never walk again, the jokes had dropped off and eventually disappeared. Now whenever she mentioned sex or tried to joke about it, he would look startled and guilty. Only for a split second, but she saw it. 

She stared at the ceiling and considered how she felt. She didn't feel jealous exactly or angry. She felt left out. Part of her was glad, overjoyed really that Scott was getting some. That he was taking care of his needs. But she was hurt that he did it without even talking to her about it. 

She could see it all in her mind. Probably some co-ed from one of his classes. She'd been surprised he hadn't taken advantage of that vast hunting ground called a university even before her accident. A professor with his libido at a party school like SIU was like hiring a fox to teach the chickens British Lit. She envisioned him with some succulent 19 year old bent over his desk. Her luscious little ass up in the air. She could see Scott holding the girl by the hips as he drove his cock into her pussy.

Melissa got excited just thinking about it. She wondered if her pussy was wet. She missed her pussy. It was like losing her best friend. She missed sex. Terribly. She would give anything for one more mind-blowing orgasm. 

A few hours later Scott came home looking content and reeking of sex. He kissed her and asked politely, "How was your day?"

"Not nearly as good as yours. Was she good?"

Scott blushed. "What do you mean?"

"The co-ed you screwed in your office this afternoon. Was she good?"

Scott realized he was busted and 'fessed up. "Yeah, she was a tight little hottie. How did you know?"

Melissa laughed. "Scott you are so bad at keeping a secret! Besides the fact that I know you. Besides the fact that if you're not getting some from me, you must be getting it somewhere. Besides all that, I can smell the pussy on you from here."

"Oh."Scott looked at her closely. "You don't seem upset."

"Of course I'm upset! I'm upset and hurt. Not that you're banging a co-ed, but that you left me out!"

"Huh?"

"I'm your wife. I know I can't satisfy your sex drive anymore, but I'd like to know about whoever is."

Scott looked dumb founded.

"What did you think I expected you to remain celibate for the rest of your life?"

"I guess."'

"Well, I don't. But I want to be part of that part of your life too."

"How?"

"Well you can start by telling me about today's girl. Is this an ongoing thing with just her or are you bopping every co-ed that comes into your office?"

"Everyone I can get my hands on, pretty much."

Melissa laughed. "Figures. So this girl today. What's her name?"

"Rachel."

"What's she like?"

"She's got short blond hair and a deep brown tan. I think she goes to a tanning place 'cause she's brown all over."

"Well you should know."

Scott smiled. "She's kind of small on top. About a B cup, but she's got a nice fuckable ass."

"She let you fuck her ass?"

"Not yet, but she will."

"Scott!?"

"If she wants an A, she will."

"She's after a grade?"

"Yeah. She came to my office because she got a C on her midterms and she HAS to get an A! She waltzed into my office in a tight sweater and a short skirt and said she'd to anything to get an A. So I took her at her word and banged her senseless and came all over her face. Then I told her she'd bumped her grade to a B and if she wanted an A she better come back tomorrow with some lube."

"Oh my God! you ass!" Melissa was titillated and offended at the same time.

"I am a prick, at the very least. More of a cock. A great big huge fucking cock."

"Got that right." Melissa agreed reaching over to brush the bulge at his crotch. Scott grabbed her hand and held it there. She felt his cock swell beneath her palm. She gripped it through his slacks and squeezed. She looked up at him and said, "I want to watch."

"What?"

"I want to see you fuck her up the ass." Melissa answered stroking his cock through his pants.

"How?" He asked unzipping his pants and letting his 8" cock spring free.

Melissa grabbed it and jacked him up and down. "Set up the video camera somewhere in your office. I want to see you bang this little grade whore."

Scott's eyes were half closed. His hand on top of Melissa's moving it up and down. His voice was deeper than usual, "You'd like that huh? To see me bend her over my desk, lube up her tiny asshole and fill it with my cock?"

Melissa pulled his cock toward her forcing Scott to walk to her. "I'd like that a lot and so would you, you slutty show off."

She bent her head down and swallowed his cock nearly to the base. Scott groaned in ecstasy feeling the velvety softness of his wife's mouth for the first time in over a year. "Oh my God! I've missed you."

She glanced up at him and smiled wickedly around his cock. Melissa bobbed her head up and down moving lips, tongue and head with near humming bird speed. Scott watched her through half closed eyes transfixed by the erotic sensations running through him. His sexy wife whom he'd thought he'd lost was proving to him that she was alive and kicking. Well, sucking at any rate and that was good enough for now.

Melissa stopped for a moment. She massaged her neck and gently rolled it side to side. It was then that Scott realized she had to end over and twist her head to get to his cock.

"Hold on." He said and pressed the button to lower the head of her bed down. When it was flat, he carefully straddled her shoulders so that his cock was right against her mouth. 

"We haven't done this in awhile" Melissa said smiling.

"I know. But you'll remember. It's just like riding a bike."

"I thought you were doing the riding."

"Damn right. Now open wide."

Melissa laughed and did just that. Scott slowly pushed his cock passed her lips and deep into her mouth. Deeper and deeper. Until his cock was all the way in and her lips touched the base. No one, but Melissa had ever swallowed his cock all the way and Melissa could only do it if she concentrated. Slowly he pulled out again. Melissa took a deep breath and Scott pushed his cock back in. Over and over with agonizing slowness he worked his cock in and out of her mouth. Going so slowly as too torture them both. Gradually moving a little faster. Then a little more. Building up speed and letting Melissa get re-used to his cock. Faster and faster until he was fucking her mouth with a wild abandon. Dimly he was aware of Melissa's hand kneading and squeezing her breasts. Her own moans mixing with his. His hands were gripping her hair and he pushed his cock into her mouth over and over. He felt his balls tighten and his cock swell and he shoved even deeper into her throat feeling her gag as his cock exploded and shot cum straight down her throat. She pushed at his thighs and he pulled back a bit. Still in her mouth shooting stream after stream of cum into her mouth, feeling her muscles tighten as she swallowed every drop. 

Exhausted he climbed carefully off the bed. He hadn't meant to get so carried away. Sheepishly he looked at Melissa. 

Melissa looked back at him smugly with a "cat who got at the cream" look on her face. Which, he realized, is exactly what she had done. He leaned down and kissed her. Her tongue dancing with his as he tasted the faintest trace of his own seed.

"I love you." He said.

"I love you, too." She smiled.