 © 2018 Literocat

[group, girl on girl, man on man, oral, anal, swinging, hot wifing, voyeur, exhib, cream pies, & slightly submissive]

After a slow, romantic dinner, which pleased Sue's sensibilities, she and I walked the chilly, seedy neighborhood hand in hand. I was more than content with my recent fiancee and her oath of reformation, though I wondered why she led me into a dim alley. She looked happy and sure as she sauntered deeper into the quiet, ominous seclusion like any ingenue might. Her eyes frowned, "I have to take care of something and maybe we'll get some special dessert soon." I wondered what that meant and why her eye now had a certain sparkle in it.

When we reached an unmarked door, a guard challenged us for a password. Startled, he looked at Sue with a little doubt then nearly shouted, "Homer? It's been a real long time since . . . "

She stared him down and simply replied "Eighty!" and pointed at me, "Al." The guard sobered up, looked at his smart phone, keyed in the rotating sequence on the door pad and let us both in. Hmm, curious. Sue pulled a folded paper out of her pocket and clutched it like a life vest. She moved with too much ease and familiarity through the bawdy dancers in the dim and crowded room. I looked around at the listless wallflowers in the 'living' room and wondered what they, and I, were doing there. Thoughts of her former life with Paul, her ex, a drug dealer and sex addict, filled my head. She had assured me those days of drugs and indiscriminate, casual, and mindless sex were long behind her. Yet, this seemed like that kind of lair. She'd also sworn she was now much more modest. I knew that was a lie.

"Honey, what are we doing here? How do you know . . .?" Before she could answer, we came to another guarded door.

The huge brute at the door grabbed Sue, swung her around and kissed her on the mouth. No one could miss her billowed skirt as it lifted in the wind and exposed her white thong and bared ass. "Homer?" he demanded.

"Eighty," she replied again, pointed at me, "Al." He put her down, looked at me askance, counted a beat or three then intimately pat me down, even sticking his hand down the back and front of my slacks and groping under and around my package. He opened Sues blouse then lifted and groped her tits before making circles with his finger. "Must we? In front of my fiancee?" He cocked his head which told us both that she knew the answer. Sue lifted her skirt to her partially bared tits. Without any real need, he slid up each leg, caressed them then cupped her mound. Everyone nearby watched the display as he pulled her panties aside, pushed two fingers into her dry pussy and swirled them for several seconds. My throbbing veins and red face told my opinion of what he did and what she allowed without complaint.

"Sorry, babe. You know the routine. Anyone else but you and your plus one and I'd have you both bend over to do a full strip search out here." He ignored my clenched fists and finally let us into her ex's bedroom. Surely they could afford a screen for some modesty if the strip search were truly necessary, so I had to assume that was part of the entertainment for the ribald crowd. She tossed the crumpled paper at her nearly naked ex sprawled out on the large bed in his blue briefs. As she lay her coat, without a word, onto an empty chair next to a connecting door, I looked around the room. A small dresser and a lamp table lined one wall. In two other chairs, two naked women sat pinned to their smart phones in dead silence. In the otherwise Spartan room, her ex read Sue's paper with great concentration.

Where was Sue? Laid out on her coat were her brown, pleated skirt, her blue blouse, and her white thong. Where was my naked fiancee? Without looking up, her ex said, "Da Boss has a strict rule. For his, umm, safety, he allows no one in his room unless they are searched, medically cleared and naked. She knows this."

I pulled open the door to a brightly lit room. Ten naked women looked toward me, the naked boss barely glanced at me since his mouth was full of Sue's tit. She was already riding his stiff cock on her knees. As she rocked forward and back, up, down and side to side with a twist, she looked squarely at me. Without slowing she explained, "I need a document from him and a promise never to contact me again. This sex means ughh nothing to me. It's like . . . setting an appointment and f-f-following established procedures to speak with 'Da Boss.' Despite his huge size, this is only ughh like scratching an itch. You know, like rubbing an insect bite and rubbing and rubbing. It feels great while it's happening, we miss it for a minute when ughhh we stop, then it's over. Don't step inside clothed or they will strip you naked too. I can vouch for you with my clean record. I have to blow him and suck him dry to seal our deal. Maybe you shouldn't watch?"

"Shouldn't watch?!  Is that really the answer? Hide my head in the sand and my fiancee isn't fucking someone while ten women, and I, watch. Together, remember? I'd rather join you than feel so gut punched by your casual cheating. I wonder if your Boss has a strict one-on-one policy or if I can fill your ass while he pumps your pussy. Do I need permission?" My eye twitched and my heart raced as I delivered my furious answer. I peeled off my coat, shirt and shoes. She didn't react. As I tossed my slacks on her clothes, I noticed the ten naked women barely looked up. That felt insulting and made me more angry.

As I stretched and teased my briefs, my cock stiffened. I pointed it toward the closest stranger. She looked with disinterest. None of the women who looked at my tented briefs smiled, yet three of them opened their legs and began slowly rubbing themselves. I've never seen such a case of mass ennui. As I watched my fiancee's tits swing in Da Boss's face, watched her besmirched pussy swallow his thick ten inches with ease, I pushed my briefs to my knees and thrust my stiff cock at all of them as if challenging them to ignore me now. None, not even Sue showed any interest. How insulting!

Just ten minutes ago, we were hand in hand in joy on a chilly street. Now we were both naked with strangers—I was anyway, she apparently knew some of them intimately—and she was still casually fucking one of them. As I circled the bed for a better view of Da Boss stretching my favorite lunch spot, one of the youngest women there cradled my cock and smiled at it. She said Da Boss has every woman, and himself, tested for STDs every month so they were all clean. Sue apparently tossed Paul her crumpled tests when we came in.

Gasping, Sue said he insists she cum first so he can watch her 'true face,' which he hasn't seen in a long while. Who the fuck is he and what power does he have over all these women? "He is allowing you to help me cum on him and expects you to be grateful. Only after he makes me cum will he allow you to use my ass to make me cum again as you both fuck me at once. Ughhh. He wants us to watch you fuck the woman who last fondled your cock, but you must not cum in her. S-s-save it for my ass, he says. P-p-please, honey, do as he asks and this will never have to happen a-a-again."

The young woman, Flower, said, "If you cum, in me or not, you'll have to try to resign again next week. So please fill me with your cream as your woman watches?" As a final persuasion, as if I really had a choice, Flower stroked me a few times before kneeling and sucking my seven thick inches directly into her throat as Sue watched and increased her gyrations.

Her chest reddened, her jaw locked and rested firmly on her shoulder. She was about to cum when Da Boss bit down hard on a nipple, nearly drawing blood. That exquisite pain tossed her beyond control and she screamed out her climax loud enough to get all the women in both rooms to look up and notice. She shuddered on his cock and I knew from experience that her pussy was pulsing tightly on it. I hated seeing her face turn crimson and her nipple distorted and surrounded by teeth marks, yet my cock pulsed in Flower's throat at the raw sex scene. She rarely screamed for me. Scratching itches, indeed.

After four intoxicating throat convulsions, as my fiancee watched and cooled down, Flower licked and stroked me tenderly. She whispered, "Now you will make your choice. Allow Sue to complete the separation ritual and never come back, unless you are both willing to requalify, or cum for me so they can see. You may fill any of my portals or cum on my face and body. In that case, you will come back weekly and both give yourselves to whatever whim Da Boss has. We will fulfill both of you and fuck you both at least twice. You may also choose just to mix with the rabble out there.

"Still confused? This is not your typical swinger club. All members are at least partially submissive or willing to play the role for a night. The living room ballroom party is there to delay local police entry. All members there must be dressed, but open fondling and exposure is OK. We do not permit prolonged sex there. That's what the family room is for. Clothing is forbidden there and anything goes between consenting two- three- and more-somes. These two bedrooms are special and we only allow privileged access. Sue is special and always welcome here, as you are as long as you come with her. Make your choice. Cum for me and accept membership, or DP your Sue until she is ready to cum, then watch her swallow all Da Boss's cum and so resign from the club."

My head spun and my cock shrank as I absorbed the future and past implications. How special was Sue? When I looked at her, she was still gasping and gently stroking Da Boss's ever stiff monster cock. Her beautiful pussy was spread wide open, angry red and raw. Can she fit the beer can thick shaft in her mouth and down her throat? Did I really want to see that? I had to wonder if she still wanted to resign. Oddly, most troubling to me was that she hid this part of her predilections when she swore she told me everything about her history.

As I shuffled closer to my defiled fiancee, Flower crawled with me and kept my awakening cock in her hand or mouth the whole way. Much as I now enjoyed the meaningless sex, I had to know Sue's mind. Watching her scratch her itch became less traumatizing with the explanations and lack of emotional connections. I reached out and put three fingers into her gaping pussy with ease. She was wet, deliciously fragrant with her scent alone. As I probed deeper and searched for his cum, it pleased me that I found none. At least that much wasn't a lie. "If you don't resign, does that mean you, and I, will have weekly, anonymous itch scratching with multiple people? Is that what you prefer?"

I inhaled her nectar and licked my fingers until they puckered as I waited for her answer. "I didn't think you could handle all this, so I was willing to give it all up for you. But my preference . . . if you weren't sure before, be sure now; I loved eating and fucking strange cock -- for the taboo as much as for the variety, but I want to make intimate love with you. Your cock satisfies me, but strange cock thrills me -- like skydiving."

Well, there was my answer. Could I handle watching my fiancee fuck multiple men? I thought I knew all of her sordid past promiscuity, but she lied about that. How and what could I trust from her? Now that I had her permission, I knew she wouldn't object, and might maybe enjoy watching, as I filled multiple mouths, pussies and asses. My cock surged. "Flower, get between her legs and lick Sue's pussy clean. Take your time so I can thoroughly lick yours clean too. I want to taste her when I kiss you and her to taste you when I kiss her." As I lay on my back under Flower, I was aware of my stiff pole standing obscenely straight up and swinging with its own itch. A warm mouth soon covered it and gently drew it into a hot throat. I felt massive, soft tits against my legs and Flower's firm ass under my hand as I sucked and savored her exquisite juices.

Shortly my butt and abs began twitching to signal my impending climax. Flower pushed the other woman away and mounted my staff. As she slowly took it all in, she ensured Sue watched me de-Flower her. Her large tits were enticing, but her nipples were tiny pebbles. Sue's tits were shapely, but tiny, however her nipples were perfection in density, shape, taste, and length.

After a frozen moment, pubes to pubes, she began furiously pounding my stiffness and pulled Sue to kiss her passionately as she fucked me. Just a half dozen pulses later, my balls contracted and sent stream after stream of thick, hot cum into Flower. Resignation aborted, Sue leaned forward and licked my shaft as it exited Flower's tight pussy. When she pulled my bishop out, she caught all my cum as it poured out of the well-fucked twat. After swallowing the first mouthful, she filled her mouth again, showed the thick pool to Flower and Da Boss before letting it flow directly into his mouth.

Flower and the other stranger shared Sue's cum as their tongues tangled. Da Boss swivelled me on the bed and sucked my still sticky, semi firm cock into his mouth. His athletic tongue worked magic on my cock and it swelled to full stiffness again. Sue smiled, "Now maybe you can feel what he does to stiffen clits and wet pussies?" I knew she had to be speaking from experience. Though breathing heavily, I was still aware of his tongue sliding down my shaft and under my balls. Before I could devise an answer, I felt my balls spasm again, impossibly soon, and felt my cock slide into his hot, clenching throat. My hips thrust to push my cock as deep as possible as I spurted directly into his belly. On the third thrust, he rested my twitching cock on his tongue so it filled his mouth with my juices. He seemed pleased and, in my dizziness, I had to accept that this was one of the best blow jobs I'd ever had. Shit!

Sue had been gently sucking and nibbling Da Boss's monster cock until I came in his mouth. "Since the resignation is off, all options are open. You and I may fuck any or all of the women here or even Da Boss. You don't look quite ready, but I have an itch. My ass is ready for you when you are." She quickly kissed me and left a taste of sweet precum on my lips before she mounted the monster cock and furiously gyrated on it as Flower mounted my face. She smelled and tasted so wonderful, I forgot I was eating some remnants of my own cum. When I sucked her slippery clit and nibbled on it, she screeched and showered my mouth and face with fresh cum. Sue laughed, "How are you enjoying your dessert?"

"I have to admit it's tasty and intoxicating. This sauce will be great on nearly any fruit." Da Boss was gently stroking me as I watched his monster distend and fill my fiancee from just inches away and under her sweet little ass. Her butt hole bloomed, opened then puckered closed each time he slammed her. Though I knew the surprisingly sweet scent of her dark hole, the strong aroma of her pussy nectar and his Cowper's kept it from me, even with my nose in her crack.

After wiping some of her slippery juices from where her vulva met his monster, I put that finger in her ass crack and let her bouncing rub her wrinkled hole against that wet finger. It wasn't long before that finger was deep in her ass and she was moaning with my motions. Soon a second, then a third finger was in her bowels and her moans were incoherent. Finally, it was time for my cock to replace those fingers.

Once on my knees behind her and between his legs, I pressed her down for better access to her rear. That put her tit in his mouth. I saw and no longer objected -- how could I? Yet seeing them tongue wrestle disturbed me a bit. Since I couldn't get enough lube with my fingers, I slid my stiff cock along her vulva and his thick, slimy cock. Repeating this on the other side began to feel like I were fucking a new hole.

Once wet, I pressed my bishop against her puckered hole and stroked up and down until she relaxed and let me pop inside her. When I cleared the internal sphincter, I felt a bone out of place. Too low to be her pubic bone or any part of her hips, I quickly realized I was bumping his bone-er. I bounced off his surprising stiffness. It felt like a steel rod wrapped in layers of padding. When he felt me, he began fucking her again. I felt the power of his monster push against me. It felt warm, strong, primal and alpha as it pushed me aside. Soon we had an alternating pattern that gave each of us the heat of her greatest depths, yet the internal cock to cock contact added pressure and increased arousal— the beauty of DP.

Sue was moaning loudly and gasping with each thrust, her chest and face stained crimson. Neither of us wanted to cum nor make her cum too soon and end this bliss. Somehow, she managed to blurt out, "Paul, get - your - ass - in - here - I - need - anoth - er - cock - in me." We heard the bed creak next door and saw Paul's briefs fly to the ceiling as he rushed into our room. He looked at the ten naked women pleasing themselves and each other; two were recording all the action. Paul determined that Sue's only open hole was her mouth so he climbed over Da Boss's head and let him lick his own ten-inch monster several times before shifting it to Sue's hungry mouth.

Leaning at the perfect angle to suck Paul's cock into her throat let his low-hanging balls tea bag Da Boss who seemed to enjoy the swinging testes. The third cock threw off our cadence for a few steps then Sue found the perfect balance to get the most of the two rods in her nethers then bounced Paul's cock deep into her throat - briefly. And repeat, again, and again, and again.

I could see her pulse racing in her neck veins, her red tits and face said she was about to cum, or die. I wondered if Paul would mind her biting his cock off in the peak of her orgasm. Just as she began gasping deeply, Paul filled her belly with his load; she shuddered violently in climax and set off both me and Da Boss at once. We would not let her go until we were drained completely. He had been saving his cum for the last two hours so his release was immense.

I pulled out and saw my cum run freely from her ass just before Da Boss flipped her to her back before pulling out. I was close enough to her stretched pussy to see his pulses fill her well completely. As soon as he stopped cumming, he pushed his face into her saturated pussy and began licking his own cream pie as he plugged her ass with his thumb to stop my river from flowing onto the sheets. Paul pointed the pussy and cum soaked cock as an offering to me. I declined, so he pushed under Da Boss's balls and sucked the slimy weapon into his mouth.

Fascinated, I watched the three enjoy their cream pie buffet until I realized Sue's mouth was empty. When I spun around and fed her my dripping cock, she sucked and licked it like a first meal in a week. It took a while for Da Boss to suck and scoop all his cream out of her then sit her on his face and let my cream and his mingle as they ran out of her and into his mouth. When he was finally done, and my fiancee was mostly clean and glistening, I had to ask, "So how did you all enjoy your dessert? It was all on, or in, Sue."

Paul smiled and replied, "Now you see why Sue is special here and why we've missed her. We are all thrilled you are coming back weekly. My bouncer, Guido, and the front door bouncer can't wait to fill her beautiful pussy again. There's something special about her ass too that none of these other women have. We'll email you the videos now that you are in the game. And Al, start loosening your asshole. We have some smaller members, but Guido, Da Boss and I all want to test the back waters of new members." He sneered and I gasped.
