 I had been with my fiancée Michelle for over 3 years when I hit bottom. What I thought was a caring, loving, and honest relationship went up in smoke. Come to find out that she had been carrying on some internet affair for quite some time. Only staying with me to suck my bank accounts dry while she spent late nights on the computer, and eventually the phone with her new lover. Infuriated at what was happening, we fought endlessly about where to go next. In the end, I was the one to move from our very nice apartment, leaving only her things. It was over.

I'll admit, it took me quite some time getting over her. She was my first, my only, and the one I thought I'd spend the rest of my life with. I guess you could say I still held some resentment for the way she treated me. Even after our messy breakup, she made sure to make a presence in my life. From parties, to our friends, she always made sure that I knew she was still there. Was it just her way to see if there was still a spark? Or was she trying to just make me miserable? 

While at a party one night, I had WAY too much to drink. Honestly, I think I would have fucked just about anything that night. My date had disappeared on me, probably puking in the bathroom as I was about ready to pass out. I asked my friend throwing the party if there was someplace I could crash and he helped me to an empty bedroom. 

It was dark and my eyes were half shut when I heard the door open. I figured that my friend told my date when he saw her of my whereabouts. Like I said earlier, I wasn't sure where she went. Looking into the darkness, I could only see an outline of a female body illuminating from the lighted hallway. The door closed and once again I was in total darkness. Within a matter of moments I could feel the sheets being pulled off of my body. I smiled to myself at the prospect of getting laid and reached my arm around the body next to me. 

The skin was so soft and smooth. I breathed in the perfume and intoxicated myself even more. I reached for her head to pull her down for a kiss when I noticed the hair I had grabbed was much longer than that of my dates. Confused I stumble around looking for a light when to my surprise it's none other than my ex, Michelle, completely naked and smiling.

She told me that she wanted me and that she never wanted me to leave. That she had made a mistake and she didn't want to be paying for it the rest of her life. She was begging for my forgiveness, and I told her that I would agree to talk to her but I wasn't promising anything. She told me she was going to grab her drink and that she'd be right back. 

Still feeling the effects from the alcohol I consumed earlier, I must have passed out. I was awaken by soft warm mouth sucking my cock. I figured my date had found me as Michelle was disgusted by the mere thought of taking a cock in her mouth. I went to reach for her head when I discovered my hands bound to the headboard. That's when I heard a soft voice say, "Relax Shaun, just relax. Your cock just tastes so good, I don't want you to interrupt me." 

Far be it for me to complain. Blowjobs, by far, are one of the things that get me going the most. It's like a trigger for me to go into a sexual prowlessness unlike none other. I began to relax and savor the exquisite mouth upon me. She really knew how to use her tongue and not use too much teeth. I was in heaven. As much as I wanted this to last as long as possible, the mouth on me was just too proficient. I came as hard as I have ever had before, my orgasm sending a rippling shock throughout my body. With one last slurp, the mouth was gone.

I knew I just had to repay this blowjob back to the best of my abilities. I started to speak only to have my mouth covered in a deep kiss. Tasting my own cum was a new experience for me, one that I wasn't expecting, but regardless, I return the kiss in earnest. Our tongues intertwined like rope, exploring the deepest regions of each others mouths I felt a hand wrapping around my dick slowly pumping it, rejuvenating it. I just wanted to fuck the living daylights out of this girl. She must had sensed this as she guided me to her very warm pussy.

Still being restrained, she was in complete control. She slowly moved her hips back and forth in circular motions, tantalizing me to my breaking point. I tried to fight my restraints, to push her into a faster pace. Apparently she was all too intent to keep up her current speed. With that, I felt my restraints being removed and the feeling in my hands and arms coming back. I put my hands on her hips and took control of our sex session. 

I desperately needed to turn her over as I love being on top. A control thing I guess you could say. As we were readjusting positions, the door opened as another partygoer was looking for a place to crash. Quickly realizing what he walked into he apologized and closed the door. The brief moment of light allowed me to see the face of the woman I was about to fuck. To my surprise it was Michelle. My first reaction was to stop, I had thought it was my date, not her!

She asked me not to stop and that she desperately needed to get off as our earlier activities had gotten her so worked up. I was in the same boat so I agreed and suddenly and roughly slammed my cock into her pussy. I pistoned in and out of her like I had never done before. We didn't necessarily have a bad sex life when we were dating, just a very "vanilla" one. She tightly wrapped her legs around me, pulling me further and further inside her. 

I wrapped my arms around her and lifted her up off of the bed. We began to kiss passionately as I shoved her up against the closest wall. By her moans, I knew she must have been enjoying the turn of events. I felt what I thought was the beginning of a scream so I kissed her as her orgasm began. She bit my lower lip and dug her nails in my back. 

As her orgasm subsided, I took her back to the bed and laid her down. Her eyes were glassy and she appeared semi conscious but I was still hard. I pull her up on her knees and sink myself deep inside her pussy. I had other things in mind though and quickly pulled out and aligned myself with her tight ass. She sensed what I was about to do and started to protest. It was too late. Without warning, I plunged myself into her dark hole. No easing into her ass as it would have taken too much time. 

My strokes were long and hard. After a few minutes I could feel her loosen up her anal muscles. We had never had anal sex before but I could tell by the way she was fucking me back, she was enjoying it. I couldn't take it anymore and stream after stream of cum came out of me, filling her ass. She must have came as well as once again I was looking into those glassy eyes. I pulled out with slight 'pop', got dressed and left for the party.

A half hour later I spotted Michelle across the room. She definitely had the freshly fucked look and all I could do was smile. 

I heard later from one of my friends that Michelle had told her that she and I were back together and of our wild sex session. Nobody believed her though and I adamantly denied it. Everybody knew how hurt I was at what she did to me and that I would never allow something like that to happen. 

None of our mutual friends talked to her much after that night as they couldn't believe what she said anymore. If they only knew the truth. How I fucked her over, just like she did me.