 Laura loved her job as a nurse. The work perfectly suited her talent and concern for others. She worked hard to impress her colleagues and supervisors as she was one of the new hires at a prestigious hospital. She knew she would advance in the department and accepted that her role as the 'new' nurse would be short-lived. New nurses would be hired and she'd move up in seniority and responsibility. She was also a newlywed and still excited by the changes in her life since marrying Sean. Life was good.

Sean was just a year older and finding his way into his career in sales. His employer was huge and Sean was among a pool of young talent being groomed for management positions. He was a born salesman. Charming, a bit of a schmoozer, he could sell ice to Eskimos. At least he was certain he could although he never tried.

They lived in a city in the mid-west and commuted each day to their jobs. Something of a routine was developing with the daily grind. Despite the work, they were as sexually active as ever...maybe more so. 

She was just 25 but ready to settle down. She knew her fair share of boys in high school and maybe more than her share in nursing school. Something of the stress of nursing school, the long hours, and the rotations kept her sexually active. Her girlfriends knew this and secretly wished they too would be in sexual over-drive. She just seemed to meet guys. It was easy and natural and they were attracted to her simmering sensuality. Sure she studied hard and made good grades. But the stress, the availability of guys at the university and in the hospital, and her easy attraction to men resulted in lots of sex. It helped too that she was gorgeous.

She was 5'3 and curvy for her frame. Her creamy white skin would tan nicely if she had the time to sunbathe like she had done during semester breaks and summer. Her curly brown hair and green eyes were unusual. At first glance, she was cute. Looking closer revealed the beauty of her features. Her twinkling eyes and quick smile were seen as friendly by women. Men saw that of course... but also noticed her erotic beauty. The way she moved, the curve of her eyebrows, the sensual smile... men saw her as a woman of thinly veiled sexuality. They were right. She had loved sex since her first forays and this had deepened with each experience. 

She dressed in scrubs for work as all the nurses and most docs did. She looked professional and confident. This meant she looked quite sexy to the many men she encountered. Since nursing school she had worn sexy bras and panties under her scrubs and this was her habit. Beneath her scrubs were likely to be a sheer bra, lacy boy shorts, or sheer thongs and sometimes satin g-strings. On some days she wore sexier undergarments from her lingerie drawer. Usually those were worn when she had a date with a guy from the hospital, at least before she had gotten married. Some of those lunch 'dates' never involved food and her dinner dates were even wilder. 

She was easily aroused and the brush of fabric, maybe the glance of an admiring stranger, the memory of a night of passion would ignite her. An observant stranger, with time to watch the hospital team, might detect that the nipples atop her 34D breasts were often hard and pointy. As she moved about the floor, her sexy round ass swayed as she attended to duties. Sometimes this nurse just looked like sex in motion. She was noticed and everyone was impressed with her being part of the team.

Sean was settling into married life as well. He loved his wife and the time they spent together, and considered himself extremely lucky to have a good job and a sexy wife to come home to. The hours he worked, however, meant that he was often home when Laura was working at the hospital, and vice versa. He spent this time at the gym, working the muscles in his shoulders, back, and arms, along with a regular mix of vigorous cardio. His short, cropped brown hair and stocky build gave away his wrestler background. Combined with an easy, regular smile, brilliant blue eyes and a confident, self-assured demeanor, his new wedding band was helpful in scaring away his otherwise interested female coworkers. Even then, he managed to attract his share of attention, but managed to gently but firmly brush it off.

His time alone, after a hard workout, shower, and quick beer, often led his mind back to his sexy, curvy, eager young wife, and her sexual appetite. Even though they fucked often, his imagination often led to intense sessions stroking his thick cock when she was away. As he did, he imagined their most recent time in bed or flipped through the photos from their honeymoon. He has a folder of photos from sexy to racy to soft-core to x-rated images of her and him during their trip. Taking photos had become a shared erotic experience and he marveled at how much it added to their play.


Sean also spent hours scouring the stories on Literotica, searching for and enjoying ones that seemed to describe his own situation. Marriage to young, naughty, even kinky wives and their sexual adventures with (and without!) their husbands turned him on and spurred his imagination. Lately he'd taken to saving the hottest pictures of married women enjoying multiple cocks at once and sending them to Laura, hoping they'd elicit the same reaction in her. He also took nude photos of himself and texted them to her at work. She, of course, loved them and reciprocated by texting back explicit comments and photos of herself. She'd slip away from the floor and lock herself in a bathroom to text a kinky reply and maybe a photo showing how aroused she was. Her co-workers either did not notice her sexy appearance at these times or looked the other way knowing she was recently married and frisky.

She had to work that Saturday night and worse still, she was asked to do overtime as the floor was understaffed. As usual, she agreed cheerfully to the work and went about her rounds with professional dedication. Sean had texted photos of himself that night wearing just boxers as he lay on the couch. The sequence of pics went from him reclining in boxers, to a close up of a sexy bulge, to the appearance of his swollen knob to full exposure of his throbbing member. She had texted, 'mmmmmmmmm', 'sexy!', 'delicious', and 'give me every inch!' to the succession of photos. 

He also sent some porn pics to her and she was never sure how to respond. Was Sean just sharing what he found erotic? Was he suggesting he knew she had some wild experiences before they met? Was he suggesting he wanted these experiences for him and her? She suspected that the reason would be revealed in time. 

Sean kept both hands busy sitting in front of his laptop, downloading new pictures, taking his own, and organizing yet another folder of erotic pics. He took a pic of himself grinning as Laura's increasingly agitated responses came back. He knew she'd be ready when she came home and held off, fighting back the urge to cum. This became more and more difficult with each text from her, the last causing him to groan as a camera phone shot of her damp panties popped up on his screen. 

As his pics flashed on her phone, she scanned the floor to see that all was quiet and advised her coworker that she needed a break. She went to a staff bathroom and locked the door. She untied the cord that held her bottoms and let the scrub fall. Standing before the bathroom sink, she took a photo of her wet thong barely concealing her sexy mons. The fabric at the crotch was noticeably damp. She reached inside and took another photo... then one more of her tightly trimmed mound with the thong tugged off and held between her thighs. She texted these to Sean "See what you do to me?"

He responded with a porn picture he'd found of a married woman pushing back on to a thick, hard cock as her husband watched, cock in hand, from mere feet away.

She gasped when she saw the pic. It reminded her of a night with two interns in the staff quarters. It had happened back when she just started dating Sean. That night was intense at work. She was assigned to the ER and it was busy. She managed the stress of helping with multiple events and all resolved successfully. At the end of the toughest shift yet for her, two young interns in training invited her to relax in the cafeteria. One thing led to another and she found herself accompanying them to the docs' quarters. There the stress of the night ended with a particularly wild encounter with both of them. This occurred more times over that month until their rotation took them to another setting.

She checked the pic again. Might Sean have learned of those nights? Was this some sort of message? She thought back to that first wild night...

Sean waited for her response, both worried and eager. As he continued to browse the Internet, the pics and...videos of the sexy brunettes he was drawn to, he opened one and felt his cock swell even further. A young wife, lying on her back, had her legs spread wide as a fat cock pumped into her. Another well hung man pushed his hardness between her lips, and Sean couldn't tear his eyes away from the image as a similar one of his own wife, stuffed from each end, popped into his head. Just then his phone buzzed again and he snatched it up, throat dry as he hit "open" on the message.

She texted him as she stood before the mirror with her scrubs and thong pulled low "Hey - stop - I'm dripping wet!" She reached between her legs and spread her drenched labia. She felt the urge to play but resisted. Her labia were like hot, wet silk. She held them together with two fingers them spread them. The urge to play was irresistible.

She heard a commotion outside and a knock at the door. "Just a minute" she responded and heard a muffled "okay, sorry" in response. She quickly refastened her disheveled clothing. She pulled the wet thong back in position and felt the now cool fabric cradle her hot lips. She tugged up the scrubs and tied the cord. Looking in the mirror, she inspected her appearance. She look hot and flustered. She sniffed the aroma of sex on her fingers and smiled knowingly. As she washed her hands per CDC guidelines, she smiled thinking others would see her appearance as due to the rush of work. She exited the bathroom and found the nursing supervisor outside.

After an exchange of quick pleasantries, she hustled off to the nurses' station to resume her shift. Thoughts raced through her head. She scanned the work orders, recalled the pics that Sean had sent, gasped at the memory of the night with the two interns, and went to a patient room in response to a call button. She shut-off her phone to end the barrage of erotic images coming from Sean.

Sean's mind was racing as he drank in the image of his young wife's swollen pussy, sticky and wet, framed by her damp, lacy thong. Pausing momentarily from his stroking and Internet searches he ran to the bedroom, digging through the hamper before he found what he was looking for, a used pair of Laura's sexiest panties. They'd been torn off her mound in a passionate meeting from earlier in the week, and he settled back in front of the computer. He wrapped them around his cock, snapping a picture and sending it in a text to Laura's phone. Without waiting for another response he sent a porn pic as well, this one of a young wife working desperately to fit two cocks in her pretty mouth.

Sean awoke the next morning on the couch. His cum stained boxers were balled next to him, topped by Laura's thong, now sticky and well covered with his not yet dried seed. His laptop was next to him, a particularly hot video of a cheating wife frozen in playback still on the screen. That clip, combined with thoughts of his wife in the woman's place and their erotic exchanges had set him off, spraying his hot cum everywhere. He'd fallen asleep moments later, exhausted from hours of edging. A quick glance at the clock confirmed that Laura was due home and he stood up, stopping suddenly as the doorknob creaked and turned.

Laura commuted home on an early train and felt exhausted by the long work and her gnawing desire for sexual release. She checked her phone and flushed as she saw the last images Sean had sent. She sighed and held her knees closed as she ignored glances from men who detected her condition. She thought one guy was cute. He looked like he was heading home too and he seemed athletic and confident. She was a sucker for that type. She sighed a long deep breath. It didn't help. She was burning with lust.

She got back to their place in the early morning and unlocked the front door to enter the hall leading to the living room. She saw motion and immediately recognized Sean's nude body as he sprung upwards to sit on the couch. She saw the pornographic debris of his nighttime play without her. She shook her head and smiled as she imagined this scene resulting from their texts. 

"Hey, look at that morning wood!" She exclaimed as she tossed her bag on a chair. She untied her ponytail and shook her head to loosen her hair. Sean lay back on the couch, his rigid cock pointed stiffly towards the ceiling. 

She was reinvigorated but the sight of it. She lifted her cashmere top up over head and pulled it off. Standing before Sean, she unclasped her sheer black bra by undoing the pearl button between the full cups. The bra opened and she slid it off and let it fall to the floor near his stained boxers. 

She wiggled her shoulders letting her hair fly and breasts sway. She moved to the couch to straddle Sean and brush her breasts to his face. "You need a shave, babe" she said "you're scratching my titties!"

He gripped them and pressed his face harder to nuzzle her luscious breasts. "Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm perfect titties!" He said as he kissed between them and held their fullness to his cheeks. Laura laughed at his muffled voice and leaned forward to encourage more of his play. She liked the scratchy roughness of his face. Her nipples hardened more.

She straddled him and rolled her hips as she drew her skirt higher to become a broad sash around her waist. She felt his hot rod between her round cheeks. She wiggled "is my ass perfect too?" She arched her back so his cock was held in her sexy crease. The thin fabric of her thong was all that separated her delicate ports from his hot cock.

"Absolutely perfect!" He moved his hands to her hips as he contemplated her ass and tugged the thong lower. She lifted to help him and his cock sprang upwards between her now nude ass cheeks. She reached back and spread them to accept his hard pole that pressed across her most private regions. She bit her lower lip as she rubbed herself on it.

He wrapped one arm tightly around her waist, holding her in place, the other moving to pull her thong lower down her thighs. She lifted to balance on one knee and he tugged the thong free of one leg so she could mount him. Keeping his head between her tits, nuzzling and nibbling, he held her still as he pushed the swollen, precum oozing head of his cock into her slit, pushing inch by inch into her. Holding her into place, he imagined she'd know that her pleasure was contingent on his own, and the only thing left would be to give in completely. Remember, he thought he could sell ice at the arctic circle and he was the best customer of his sales pitches. 

She felt his cock enter her and spread her soppy lips. She pressed forward so her breasts draped his face. He held her hips slowing her assault on his cock. She craved it deep and saw his sticky boxers on the floor. She wanted his semen to fill her as he had filled his shorts. She held in position and let him wrestle his cock into her.

He inched in as she pressed downwards. Taking all of him, she rocked and swiveled her hips, slowly at first to find the best position for her pleasure. She closed her eyes and the thought of pole dancing on his cock flashed through her head. She got in rhythm as her clit pressed on his pubic bone. She increased the tempo now and ground on the hard shaft. She was close now and moved to bouncing on it. She had a fleeting memory of a wild night on spring break back in college. Her breasts jiggled and swayed wildly and the sensations brought her back to the couch. She approached an orgasm and returned to forceful grinding of her clit on his bone. His cock touched all the right places and a violent orgasm wracked her body.

Her bouncing slowed and she opened her eyes. Exhaustion took charge of her and she slipped off her husband. As she did she realized he had exploded too. His cock glistened with their come. She closed her legs as she did not want to spill his seed. Finding her thong, she pulled it up snuggly to her mound.

"Mm baby I'm sleepy, but fuck that was amazing! My thong is already soaked, I'm going to keep it on. Thanks daddy." She said that and accented the 'daddy' to play with Sean's head. She was realizing he had many erotic fantasies and liked that they were starting to share them. She curled up on the couch next to him and quickly feel into a deep sleep. He stared at her, savoring the softness of her curves, knowing she was holding his seed deep inside her. His cock lay soft against his leg, sticky with their mixed juices. He closed his own eyes, images of their coupling racing through his mind, when he was brought back to the present by the need to pee. He slipped off the couch without waking her and draped a cover of her nearly nude body. He admired the scene and tugged the cover lower to reveal her breasts. He liked to have them on display as he went on with the morning.

He relieved himself and showered but did not shave. He glanced back to the living room and seeing her exposed breasts, kept his stubble. "Damn" he thought "her nipples are still hard!" He dressed for the gym and left for an extended workout. About that time she was dreaming of dancing in a topless place. The crowd was drunk and cheering her on as she pressed her breasts around the pole at the center of her dance floor. Her dream was vivid. She could almost feel the cool brass shaft cradled between her titties. "Yea, great titties" a drunk guy yelled as she slid up and down, her legs spread wide as she squatted. The soaking wet patch of thong between her open legs visible to all cheering her performance. She rustled on the couch as he sleep deepened.

Sweat ran down his body as he hit the weight room hard, full of energy, beyond stimulated by the events of the last twelve hours. He could feel it trickle between his shoulder blades as he lifted, closing his eyes, picturing his sweet young wife in one compromising sexual situation after another. An hour later, unable to control his slowly recovering manhood any longer, he showered and left the gym. He felt refreshed, and hungry. And turned on.

She slept soundly on the couch. The thong was pretty effective in holding back the flood that was dammed inside her. Her dreams were jumbled memories of events, some of them quite sexual. She only would remember bits and pieces. Her wet dream of participation in a wet t-shirt competition was based on reality and must be related to her fantasy of a pole dance that she had never done...but might if the chance arrived. The hot seed within her might have prompted the dream of how the two interns tasted and felt. She slept happy and her erotic desires simmered with the low heat of her dreams.

She awoke after Sean had returned with take-out. She joined him in the kitchen and they ate the Chinese food from the containers. She felt totally at ease wearing just the soaked thong. As they finished, she cracked open the fortune cookie that offered some silly prediction. "What's it say? Sean asked as he saw her read it. "You will suck Sean's cock many times!" She replied to tease him.

Sean laughed at her joke and her delighted smile, grabbing her, lifting her easily in his muscular arms. Her peal of laughter was so feminine, and he couldn't help but nuzzle her neck playfully as she squealed "no no, put me down! Sit down show off. Soon it's my turn." He lowered her to the floor and she stood before him, hands on her hips. She looked rested now and horny. Her nipples were hard and tight. They never softened since their morning escapade. 
