 *All characters, places and events are fictional*



The sun pierces through the glass window as Amy pulls the sunglasses over her eyes. Putting her foot down slightly, the car pulls away as she races up the coastal highway. Taking in a shallow breath, she notices it getting stuffy inside. Winding down the window, she feels he rush of the fresh, salty sea air.

"This is going to be sensational!" she thinks as the cool sea breeze brings a refreshing change all over her body. "This weekend is all about me me, me ,me. No work, no responsibilities, just me!" Amy's job as a receptionist had dulled her life, working 9-5 with no perks. After being offered to stay at a friend's beach house, Amy had been looking toward to this for a month now. All the hard work had paid off, and she had been given the use of a beach house for several days to unwind. Taking a sip of her water bottle, she notices the solitary beach house just on the horizon. 

Slowing down on the road, Amy pulls into the lot for the beach house. Noticing a car parked to the side, she checked the address again. "I thought this place was supposed to be empty? " she thought. Suddenly thoughts of a solitary weekend start disappearing from her mind. Letting out a sigh of disappointment, Amy turns the car off and hops out. Walking up to the house, she realises it's a duplex, with the house divided into two. "Fine, just fine, who cares?" she thinks as she walks up to the duplex door and unlocks it. 

Inside is very nice. Polished floors, white shades on the windows. The cabinetry is old, but well kept with a solid oak kitchen bench top. A soft cream couch sits in the lounge room with a TV hanging on the wall. A strong sea breeze welcomes Amy as she opens the back doors leading to a spectacular view of the ocean, cleaning out the stuffy air. Amy heads back out to her car, grabbing her items, and hauling them into the house. She places her suitcase in the bedroom and heading back towards the kitchen, she is again greeted by the breezing playing with her long dark hair as it whips in the strong air. Opening the shopping bags, she starts placing items in cupboards whilst checking out the supplies left there from previous tenants. 

"God I need a drink. Something nice, wet and cold", Amy thinks to herself, grabbing the chilled wine out of the shopping bag. Searching through the cupboards, she finds herself a glass and pours herself a white wine. Picking up the glass, she walks around the house and opens the windows letting the sunlight pour in and add some vibrancy to the establishment. Taking a sip of wine, the cool liquid eases past her lips and down her throat. Hearing the crashing waves, Amy turns towards the water and heads out to the deck. The modest size area has a spectacular view as the sun glistens on the water. The yellow and orange tinges light up her face as she slowly slips on the wine. 

Standing there on the deck, Amy thinks about work and the recent struggles there. That stupid bitch Karen had been undermining her for months now. Making Amy look incompetent in front of her bosses was starting to wear her down and she had no out. Nothing except for this weekend. This is what Amy needed. Somewhere to get away from everyone and everything. Looking out onto the water, Amy thinks about all the troubles at work, the stress and crap she has had to endure. Thoughts of quitting come into her mind, but she has endured so much there not to just give up now. So coming up here was a great idea, just to get away from everything, from everyone, from life.....

"Hi there!" sounds a booming voice below on the sand.

"Oh my god!" she yelps, startled by the sudden interruption. Looking down she sees her wine slop on the deck floor as her mind is suddenly bought back to the beach house and her surroundings.

Looking down, Amy sees a guy in his early thirties. Dark Brown hair, medium build and height with green eyes. "Hmmm, not a bad way to be interrupted" she thinks as her eyes look this cute, sexy guy over. Dressed in dark board shorts and a crisp white shirt, he looks up at her through his dark shades.

"Oh gees, sorry you crept up on me there!" says Amy.

"Yeah I saw that. Sorry about that." Replies the young man below her.

"I'm John." He says.

"Amy", she replies. 

"You just got here hmm?" Quizzes John.

"Yeah. I'm just taking a break from the real world." Says Amy as she softly smiles to the stranger below.

As John looks up, he can see the figure above him with the sunlight reflecting off her wine glass. Straining against the glare of the sand, he struggles to take in her looks.

"Sounds like a good idea. I'm just here for a few days to unwind myself. So what are you running away from up here?"

"My Job." She replies.

"Hmm from the sound of your reply, that's about as much of that subject you want to talk about." States John

"I see mind reading is one of your talents eh?" Taunts Amy.

"I have some other highly desired skills as well" 'Holy shit did I just say that??' thinks John.

Hey, if you like I've got a bucket load of food cooking for dinner." You are more than welcome to join. No pressure, the invite is open." Says John wondering how far this stranger will be willing to 'socialise' for the evening.

"Thanks, I'll think about it and ah, I'll let you know." Replies Amy.

"No worries, I'll hear from you later on!" he says turning away to the other duplex.

"Jesus, that's a nice ass" Amy whispers to herself as she sees him walking away. "Stop it Amy! you just met him..gees!" giggling to herself and strolling back into her duplex. 

Reading her book, Amy lays on the couch, listening to the ocean and the crashing waves. It's so relaxing. With the fresh breeze Amy finally starts to settle in. The smell of the ocean, the soft sunset slowly going down. This is the life...

Deeply involved in her book, Amy never notices John come in. Shocked that he voluntarily let himself in, she sees him smoothly walking right over to her. Taking deep, panicked breaths Amy can barely speak. Her personal space is instantly invaded as John moves right into her suddenly pressing himself against her. Then with purpose, he lowers his head down planting soft, gentle kisses on her neck. 

"Say something, for fuck sake Amy!" Her mind screams to herself. Yet she can't, as having the feeling of a man arouses her, only allowing herself a soft sigh as she craves the touch of another. Moving her waist, she feels the tingling in her pussy, everything is just delicious. Moving her hands up her leg, she can barely control herself as she inches her fingers closer to her warm thighs, itching for some satisfaction. Looking into his eyes, Amy can feel her heart beating like a damn rock concert is taking over her body. With John only inches away from her face, he breaks the silence...

"You know I am still waiting for you to cum"

Amy's eyes pop open as she startles herself awake. "Oh my god." She moans, wiping her eyes with the realisation it was just a dream. Lying on the couch, she feels a wetness in her panties as her eyes adjust to the now darkening room.

"Oh shit,shit,shit what's the time?" She curses as she quickly looks for a clock. She is late.

"God damn it", moans Amy as she quickly gets in the shower washing the salt off her body. Her hand brushes her nipple and she can only moan. Still wired up from the dream she thinks "Oh god that feels good, this damn John is all through my head!"

With no time for self-pleasures, Amy resigns herself to the fact she will have to just shower and go next door as soon as possible. This is no time to keep a stranger waiting just because she is not ready to come, well figuratively speaking. Getting ready, she sprays on a light mist of perfume and goes about setting her hair. "Thank god hair straighteners have come a long way!" thinks Amy as pulls her hair through the heating iron. Slipping on a dress, she observes herself in the mirror very satisfied with her end result. Her long dark hair sits below her shoulders with her skirt sitting just her knees. Looking at her own brown eyes in the mirror, she glances down and observes her finished product. Not bad for a Friday night!

Spraying on some perfume, Amy grabs a fresh bottle of wine from her stockpile and heads out towards the door. With one last check in the mirror, she walks out, "Not bad honey" she thinks to herself as she grasps the door handle and steps outside. 

Whisking down the stairs, Amy realizes she is almost 20 minutes late. Scurrying up the other duplex stairs with one final lunge to the door, she arrives, knocking on the door whilst flustered and breathing heavy. The door opens and there is John, dressed in smart casual, a very beachy, crisp, white shirt, and nicely trimmed cargo pants. 

Trying to make up for lost time or apologizing, or both, Amy, opens her mouth, with the words tumbling out before she can even comprehend what she is actually saying.

"Oh god, sleeping, I, sorry, I fell asleep and I ah I just didn't sleep, No, I mean I didn't watch the time..and I'm so sorry. I'm like 20 mins late."

"That's so cute!" thinks John as he says in a comforting voice, 

"Hehe, hey it's all good neighbour, lucky I made extra, wasn't sure if you were coming or not." 

Realising she hadn't even RSVP'd Amy's eye bulge open "Oh gees, I was supposed to let you know, wasn't I? This is almost getting embarrassing. I just fell asleep and.."

"Haha, No worries, besides we are on beach time here. I don't even know what the time is! Haha. Come inside, common. Care for some wine?" Says John

"Oh yes please!" Says Amy slowly starting to calm down a bit; however her heart is still pumping from the last 10 minutes of rushing about.

With her mouth parched from the salty air, she steadily grasps the wine glass and brings it to her mouth for a sip of smooth, chilled white wine. Her mouth is parched and dry. Taking some deep sips, she consumes the wine, loving the feeling of the cool liquid as it slips down her throat.

"He he, go easy I've only got the one bottle." Says John.

"Oh my god, John I'm so sorry. Look I've got some back in my place, plus this one I brought along with me."

"He he, nah I'm joking. It's all good. I've got heaps, but you better slow down, I don't want to take advantage of you..haha" Laughs John.

"You have no idea you stud, you god damn sexy stud!" Thinks Amy as she takes another sip on her wine. Eyeing him up and down as he turns and heads towards his outside deck. Identically to the same place Amy has next door, she walks outside behind John, looking at his cute ass as they make their way outside.

Following John outside to the deck, Amy is again greeted by the soft ocean air. The fresh breeze helps clear her mind. As the sun sets on the ocean, Amy and John talk about their lives. Amy reveals her strained work place and lack of relationships. The wine helping her pour out thoughts that she would never mention to a stranger. "Thank god, we haven't moved to our sex lives" thinks Amy. John cooks a few items on the BBQ and they both sit down to a great feast. Amy can't help herself looking at John. His confidence and his mannerism have a last effect on her. The way he holds the cutlery in his hand, how he twists the wine in his glass whilst he is talking. As the night progresses, the wine is drunk, whilst the dinner of fresh fish, scallops and salad is eaten.

"This is almost romantic," thinks Amy, as she takes each moment to observe John, trying to absorb as much of him as possible. She is bordering on obsession. Talking about their lives, they share experiences of the past, laughing and enjoying each other's company as the sexual tension in Amy slowly builds.

Standing on the balcony, Amy feels the soft night air on her skin. Listening intently she strains to hear what she thinks is music coming from outside. Looking over the balcony, she can see nothing except the darkness of the evening surrounding the beach house.

"I haven't been to the beach in years." Says John behind her. "I'd almost forgotten that feeling of the sea air. We used to go to the beach when we were kids. The ocean is a great place to have some...fun, don't you think?" Says John as he glances to Amy.

"Oh yes! "replies Amy. "Everyone comes to the beach for fun!!"

"Indeed, everyone loves coming....here" Says John as his eyes trace her body eventually resting his gaze with hers. 

"Care to dance?" asks John. Turning around, Amy sees John stroll out and purposefully grab her glass and place it on the table. Taking her hand, they come together to slowly dance in the evening air, leaving her reply of "Oh, ah yeah, ah OK" completely irrelevant. Slowly moving to the music with a complete stranger, Amy feels like she is on a date rather than having a casual dinner. As the night, and music progresses, Amy immensely enjoys the touch of his hand on her back and waist. They dance on the timber deck in the evening, slowly talking about their friends and family. The build up to this moment has been hours in the making for Amy. She has been on such an emotional ride since being here, with elation from being away from work, to feelings of pent up arousal now whilst she dances with John, her strong confident, temporary neighbour. She breathes in his scent making her feel so electric, so alive, so sexy...so horny.

Each song blends to each other and Amy and John say nothing, just enjoying the closeness that they both offer each other. With the music slowly dying down, John finally breaks the embrace.

"Hey thanks Amy. I hate to do this to you but I'll have to get some sleep...I'm just whacked..you've drained me dry!" laughs John.

"You have no fucking idea" thinks Amy as he offers her some water.

John continues, ". I've had a really nice night. Originally, I thought it would have been great here on my own, but it's been great company and exciting to have such a nice temporary neighbour! Thanks for coming over "

"The only cumming I want to do is on your nice big fucking cock," Amy thinks to herself. God she was horny. She knew she would make a move on him. But, no, she will let him do the dirty work.

Taking a slow steady breath to compose herself, Amy replies "Thanks John, I've really enjoyed this. You have made me so welcome! Thank you for dinner, and everything. It's been an awesome ending to such a long week. You really are so sweet to put on dinner for me, a complete stranger! At least let me help you clean up" Says Amy reaching up to stroke his arm. "You can take me any time now John" thinks Amy as she looks directly at him.

"I'll have nothing of the sort, its all good as I'll look after it tomorrow." As they both walk towards the door they both exchange looks. Amy gazes into his eyes. She desperately wants to throw herself at him. "No" she thinks. "Guys always make the first move. Always. I'll just wait right here in his doorway. There will be some silence then he will move slightly closer to me and wrap his arm around me. Then I will move closer to him looking into his eyes. He'll move his head is then bring our faces closer for the perfect kiss! Now it's going to get interesting!" She thinks.

"Night Amy" Says John as he brushes her arm and the door between them slowly closes. 

It's dark and cool. Amy, alone out the front the duplex just stares at the door. 

"Hang on, what the fuck just happened??" thinks Amy. "How did I get from in there to out here??" "What?!?!" 

Still staring at John's door, she brings her hand up to the timber, ready to knock, the suddenly the lights in John's duplex go out, along with any resolve left in Amy.

The pent up sexual energy is intense for Amy as she feels the heat radiating out of her pussy. Walking down the stairs, then back up her own on a mini walk of shame she clasps the door handle and opens it to her own dark duplex.

Walking inside she turns on the light and heads to the fridge. Pouring herself a glass of water, she composes herself. Her mind is drained, being so turned on all night. She can't handle it, gulping down the water she stands in the almost silent kitchen with the ocean wind her only company in the night. Rolling her eyes, she finishes the glass of water and steps into her bedroom. Stripping off her clothes, she feels somewhat liberated as she bends down to lie naked on the bed. Resting her head on the pillow, she can hear her own breathing as she bring her finger up to her tits. Rolling her nipple between her fingers, she uses her other hand to trace up and down her chest. Listening to her own breathing, Amy starts exploring her aroused body with her hands, reaching down with her fingers she rubs up and down her thighs. Exhausted from the events of the day and evening, Amy tries to will herself to just sleep it all off. However, her body has other intentions. Tracing her finger up and down her thighs, she brings it slowly up between the folds of her inner thigh. Feeling the heat, she extends her finger between her thigh and pussy mound. Slowly inching further down to the bottom of her pussy. Stuck in the middle of two extremes, Amy continues her exploration sliding her finger down to the outer folds of her hot pussy. As she touches the outside folds, she feels the short pussy hairs as she discovers she is dripping wet. So full of lust, her eyes waver between tiredness and pent up arousal. Unable to stop herself, Amy slowly sinks her fingers into her pussy. She feels the wetness on her fingertips and she steadily pushes deeper and deeper into her wanting hole. Slowly drawing her fingers out, Amy lets out a short gasp as the pleasure starts to wrap around her like a warm blanket. Plunging her fingers back in, she begins stroking herself right into her aching pussy. Her other hand grasps her nipple and pulls, and pinches as her breathing deepens. Amy desperately pleasures herself and pushes her fingers deeper into her pussy as her own wetness continually lubricates her delicate digits. She feels her pussy juice run out of her hot love hole and slide out of her pussy down towards her ass as she slithers across the covers on her bed.

"Ahhh..fucking hot bastard! Fuck sake! God I need his cock, fuck me, yes, fuck me..hmmm yes John oh yes. " Her fingers build up to a blur as starts to let her pussy and impeding orgasm take control of her. Somewhere between obsession and desperation she pushes her fingers harder and deeper into her pussy yearning for release."Fuck me!! you stud, yes, yes oh fuck yes! Fuck, fuck, fuck my tight pussy! Fuck my pussy! Fuck my pussy!!! Yes! Yes! Yesssss! Oh fuck yes John I'm cumming!! I'm cuming, cumming Fuck! fuck! yes baby, yes, yes, yessss, yesss...hmmmm"

Amy takes deep breath after breath watching her tits rise up repeatedly with her nipples standing at full alert. There is a fine mist of perspiration on her skin as she watches them slowly heave up and down. The release is intense as Amy's pussy continues to clamp down on her fingers sucking them for dear life.

"Oh fuck yes John, oh god hmmmm you delicious stud you..mmm Oh. Fuck. Yes..." Moans Amy with some final satisfaction ....drifting off, the night consumes her as she finally drifts off to sleep. 

The patter of raindrops hits the roof as the smell of rain pours into the room. There is a steady breeze again drifting through the room as the dark skies give an impression of early morning light. Amy loves waking up to the sound of rain. For her it's so soothing and with that feeling her mind drifts back to the previous night as her body slivers again between the sheets. The sheets feel so crisp against her soft skin, tingling her senses. Amy's wandering hands once again move around seeking her insatiable pussy and another release for her built up desire..."Ahh god,...no,no", whispers Amy to herself, pulling her hand away. Looking at the ceiling, she slowly caresses her tits with her hands, loving the feeling of her soft mounds. "No, not now god damn it, let's just get showered and relax" thinks Amy as she tries to ignore the want in her body. Pulling off the sheet and getting out of the bed, the cool wind wraps her body forming goosebumps all over her skin. Stepping into the shower, her mind is a wreck. Closing her eyes, images full of hot passionate fucking fill her mind. The shower takes away some of the tension, but her pussy still aches. Her mind again races with images of her sucking cock, riding a man cowboy, deep penetration; she was starting to wilt under the demands from her body. 
