 **Thanks for reading my story. Your input is greatly appreciated, so please take a moment to vote and let me know your thoughts. Thanks again, and enjoy!! ~Rose**

*

"Sarah!" I turned at the sound of my name, never imagining at that moment what the night had in store for me. 

I looked through the crowd of people shooting pool and throwing darts in the bar, and found the owner of the deep voice I'd heard calling my name. It was a smiling giant that I hadn't laid eyes on in the four years since I graduated high school. 

"Craig!" I laughed and jumped up and down waving over the people and started to weave my way over to him. The four shots of tequila I had had before I left the house added to my excitement over seeing him. The crowd thinned out as I got closer, and I ran up to him and jumped into his arms. He swung me around, squeezing me tightly and planted a big kiss on my lips as he plopped me down in front of him. We stared at each other with shit grins and laughed. "God, I've missed you, big guy. I'm SO excited to see you here!"

"Pleasure's all mine, darlin," he drawled in his ridiculously southern accent. He tipped his cowboy hat at me to emphasize the exaggerated exchange. I laughed at him and playfully punched him in the shoulder.

"When did you get back?" I asked him. He had been a state or so over attending college last I heard. 

"A couple weeks ago." He grinned and took a long swig of his beer as he surveyed the people around the bar. "Haven't met up with all my old buddies yet to catch up. But, it looks like I've made a good start tonight," he grinned down at me.

Craig and I had gone to school together since we were eight years old, until my senior year. Though we didn't attend the same school that year, we had become good friends and frequently met up at parties and get togethers. He was always the life of the party, the guy we were sure would utter "Hey, guys! Watch this!!" as his last words. I was excited to run into him and knew this would be a fun night. 

It had been a couple of years since I had last seen Craig and I stood there smiling at him, taking him in. He hadn't changed too much, except that he had really filled out in all the right places. His shoulders were broad and he was wearing a tight t-shirt and jeans that hugged his ass just right. He was playing the cowboy tonight, in boots and hat, which made me laugh. Craig was forever changing his look from one day to the next. "Let me take your shot. I'll show you what I've learned while you've been gone," I smiled into his baby blues as I wrestled his pool stick away.

I playfully nudged him away with my hip and turned to the table laughing. My laugh died on my lips and I felt my world tip to the right as I stared into a very familiar pair of black eyes. I felt the air leave my lungs as I heard Craig say, "Sure thing, darlin', I know Mike wont mind. By the way, Sarah, meet my friend Mike...Mike, this is Sarah."

I dumbly stuck out my hand and Mike slowly walked the couple of steps it took to close the distance between us, his curly black hair falling over his face covering one eye...just like it always had. He took my hand in his and I almost jumped at the shock of feeling him so close, touching me. His eyes never left mine as he ran his hand through his hair and answered, "Yeah, I know Sarah...very well."

"Oh yeah?" I could feel Craig staring at me curiously, but I couldn't pull my hand out of Mike's and I couldn't tear my eyes from his.

"Yeah" I said, clearing my throat,"Mike and I actually grew up together." 

Suddenly snapping out of my trance, I pulled myself together enough to plaster a smile on my face. "Care to shoot some pool?" I asked, hoping it didn't sound as forced to them as it did to my own ears. I held my breath, wondering if he could see right through me. 

I had no idea how he was about to react to me. What I did know was that even though Mike's presence had sufficiently thrown me off kilter for a moment, I was for the most part feeling tipsy and happy. I was excited at unexpectedly finding Craig here tonight, and I wanted to have fun. If that meant putting up with Mike...well, maybe we could put the past behind us and be okay...just for a little while. 

I could still feel Craig at my side taking in the situation, knowing something wasn't quite right. I hoped neither of them could see how ragged my breathing had become. Mike still stood in front of me, my hand in his, his eyes boring into mine having never left them. I could hear my heart hammering in my ears. Slowly, he smiled...a calculated, crooked, sensual smile. He released my hand. "Your shot, sweet. You're solid."

I nodded once and turned to Craig. "What's a chik gotta do for a drink around here??" He laughed as he shot a curious look between the two of us. Whatever had passed between us was seemingly ok now, and he headed for the bar. I turned to concentrate on my game, determined to hold all the memories at bay and enjoy my night.

Mike didn't make that easy. As I stood by the table, studying the balls and my shot, I felt him behind me, close. I could feel the heat of him rush through me and I gripped my pool stick hard and closed my eyes. I hated that he could do this to me. I was instantly afraid and excited, all of my senses on end. When Mike was around, everything was electric. I wondered if he felt the same way as I stood there with my eyes closed. I felt him lower his head so that his lips were brushing against my ear as he whispered, "Are we playing nice tonight, Sarah?"

"Yes." I answered him simply. I was afraid, but there was something more...much more. I heard him grunt lightly and he stepped away. 

I opened my eyes to see Craig walking back with my drink. I took it gratefully, smiling as I took a generous gulp and then lined up my shot. I ran the table, winning the game. I laughed and winked at Craig, dancing around the table as I bragged about all I had learned in his absence.

The three of us continued to shoot throughout the night. Drinks flowed freely while we played and Mike was amicable enough. That was to say, he mostly kept his distance and was pretty quiet while Craig and I caught up. I was really enjoying my evening, but I was also very aware of Mike's intense gaze over the course of the night. We locked eyes a few times and I couldn't read his black eyes. He seemed solemn, hard, and angry when his eyes pierced mine. Yet, his mannerisms betrayed his eyes...he moved around the table with ease and joked with Craig as if nothing was off in our world. I cursed myself at every turn for feeling turned on by his smoldering attention. But the truth was, things were just rocky enough between us to be absolutely explosive. The fear and anger was sexy underneath, and I had a hard time not provoking him at times, throwing challenges his way and being very obstinate when I could get away with it.

A couple hours later, Craig set his sights on a pretty blonde dancing alone on the dance floor. With a tip of his cowboy hat, he winked and headed to the floor to seduce her with his less than stellar, yet good humored dancing.

I laughed watching Craig on the dance floor, and turned to Mike. He was standing a few steps away from me, his arms folded over his chest. His gaze was hot. My laugh faltered, but I offered a tentative smile and took a couple steps towards him. "Craig is a crack up, I love going out with him."

"Yeah, he is," Mike agreed with me, but never looked up to see Craig dancing. I turned and hopped up on the edge of the pool table beside him. I was looking at my legs swinging back and forth, feeling his eyes burning onto my skin. 

I wasn't sure how to act without my buffer. I was uncomfortable and hot under his hard stare. I didn't know how Mike would act now, if he was angry with me. I smiled to myself at that, thinking I was the one who should be mad. We hadn't seen each other in about four years, since just after high school when everything had completely unraveled between us. I was angry with him, still. But, I missed him. He had been my best friend for years, and I wanted to put all of the bullshit behind us right then. We wouldn't ever be friends again, but I hated what was between us now. I wished we could just have it out one good time and truly let it go. But, things had gotten just bad enough, just intense enough, that I wasn't sure that would ever happen. Suddenly feeling brave, I looked up and met his gaze. "Wanna get out of here?" I asked with a shrug.

He practically sneered as his eyes gave me the once over. "Why should I go anywhere with you?" There was a challenge there.

"Why do you have to be SUCH an asshole?" I rolled my eyes and hopped off the table.

"Hell, I was just looking after your pristine reputation, sweet. Hate to see you ruin it by leaving with me." His eyes were laughing, but at the same time scathing.

I took a step towards him, standing toe to toe with him. "I think you took care of my pristine reputation years ago," I hissed hotly. 

We stood there glaring at each other, him towering over me. My breathing was fast and ragged and I could feel my cheeks flush with anger. His black eyes were hard and even as he looked down at me. Slowly, he cocked an eyebrow at me and grinned. "Sweet, if i leave here with you tonight, I will make you the slut you always wanted to be for me."

Before I knew what had happened, my hand came lashing across his face with a loud crack. Several people looked over at us, but no one said anything. My hand print began to color Mike's face. He slowly turned back to me and for a moment I felt my knees go weak. I had never hit anyone before in my life. He leaned in close to me and I tensed, holding my breath. 

"Let's go," he growled at my ear. I shivered at his voice and looked up at him as he backed away from me. We locked eyes, his hard and challenging, mine wild and scared. 

"Now," he said curtly. He wasn't asking. And for reasons I still don't understand, I turned and walked toward the door. I could feel the heat of his body close behind me. He radiated with anger and sexual tension as he guided me out the door with his hand at the small of my back.

Without a word, he opened the passenger door of his SUV and put me inside. He slammed my door, making me flinch, then climbed up on his side and peeled out of the parking lot. I dared a glance at him and could see the tight set of his jaw. A few moments later, I realized with surprise that we were pulling into my neighborhood. I didn't even know he knew where I lived. "Which one?" His voice was tight, controlled.

I was frightened. I looked at him and then back to the road. I cleared my throat and looked at him again. Mike hit the brakes, hard. "Sarah? Where is your house?"

"The right. Four houses up." I hated myself for letting my voice tremble. Surprisingly, I was rewarded with a hint of a smile as he started the car creeping along to my house. And more surprisingly, I could feel myself responding to that smile. I shivered, and I really didn't know if it was from the fear or excitement I felt rumbling beneath the surface.

As the car rolled to a stop, I opened my door and was out walking towards my door quickly. I had a fleeting thought of getting inside ahead of him, and locking him out. But, he caught up to me in just a couple of long quick strides and I could feel him close behind me. 

As I fumbled to get my key in the lock, I felt him press up close behind me and take each of my wrists in his big hands. He placed them up on the door beside my head as he moved his knee to rest between my thighs. My breath caught and I struggled to breathe. I felt my eyes tear up as he pulled my arms high and secured them in one of his big hands over my head. I felt his other hand begin to trail down my body, from my arm down my sides, just lightly caressing the side swell of my breast before coming to a possessive halt on my hip. 

His head dipped low and I felt his hot breath on my neck and then his lips were dancing lightly over my ear as he began to talk to me in a low controlled voice. "Sarah, when we walk through this door...you are mine..." I shivered at his voice and one tear slipped down my cheek. "Tonight, I will have you every way I've ever dreamed of having you....and you WILL be the slut you were meant to be....for me..." His hand moved from my hip and traveled to caress just above my jeans. A moan that I did not recognize as my own slipped from deep within my throat and my head fell back against his shoulder. With that, he bit down lightly on my neck and then kissed me there. 

"Do you understand me, Sarah?" he asked, as his hand slipped into my jeans and began to rub over my pussy. He used the silk of my panties to rub circles around my clit, making it impossible for me to think straight to answer him. My pussy was dripping wet for him, I could feel that my panties were soaked. I tried to understand what he was saying to me, but all I could do was ride his hand as his fingers skillfully worked over my pussy. I knew he was taking possession of me, showing me that I wanted this...and he was right. 

"Sarah, answer me...you understand that you are mine tonight?" With that he pinched down on my clit and I felt my knees give as my pussy clenched tightly and I creamed my panties right there on the door step. He supported my weight with his knee between my thighs, and in the midst of my orgasm I gasped, "Yes!" 

"Yes, what?" 

"Yes, sir...I understand" I heard myself whisper as I was coming down from my high. 

"Good girl," he said. "Now open the door." He released my hands slowly and backed away. I could feel him hover just long enough to make sure I could stand, then back away from me. I felt cold without his heat enveloping me, and I fumbled with my keys hurrying to get us inside. I was wet, I was hot, I was delirious. I wanted him to make me his, I needed him to control me...and I found that I wasn't afraid of him anymore.

I opened the door, and put my keys down on a table by the door. I turned to Mike, unsure of what to do or say. It didn't matter. As I turned, I was met by him...hot and hungry. He wrapped one hand in my hair and his mouth quickly took possession of mine. His other arm came around my waist, crushing me to his body. He tipped my head back and his tongue entered my mouth, exploring and demanding. I tasted beer lightly on his tongue and grew flush and hot. I kissed him back, my hands caressing his sides, feeling the light tremor that ran through his body as we kissed.

His arm left from around me and I felt his hand at my waist. Then he began to slowly run his fingers up to my breast. He began to rub my tits through my thin shirt, and pinch my nipples. I groaned into our kiss and he pinched me harder, making me gasp in what was almost pain...but not quite. He pulled my head back by my hair and let his mouth trail to my ear and then down my neck, kissing and sucking as his hands began making quick work of the buttons down my shirt. I felt his warm hands at my shoulders and he ran his hands down my arms, taking my shirt with them. I shivered as I watched him drop to his knees and undo my jeans. I kicked out of my shoes as he pulled my jeans down.

With me standing before him in my black silk panties and bra, he stood and stared at me, his gaze inflamed. He backed away from me...two steps. His gaze was intense as he pulled his shirt over his head. I stared at him, my breathing fast and ragged. He undid his jeans and dropped them and his boxers to the floor, kicking out of his shoes and stepping out of his pants. He stood before me naked, his cock hard and throbbing. My eyes widened as I took him in, so intense...almost angry...hungry, wanting.

He came to me and kissed me again, hard and passionate. He backed me up until I was against the wall, no where to go. "Suck me." It wasn't a question. His voice was raspy and gruff. 

He placed his hands on the wall as I dropped to my knees before him. I looked up at him as I let my hand encircle his cock. I smiled, feeling an odd sense of power. I moved my mouth close to his cock, knowing he could feel my warm breath on him, and then nuzzled my way to his balls. I let my hand begin to slowly stroke him, and I let my tongue reach out and begin to work over his balls. I licked them, getting them nice and wet, then sucked each one into my mouth, rolling it around and using my tongue to massage over it, sucking gently. I could hear his breathing getting ragged and the moans that escaped his throat as I tortured him...stroking the shaft of his cock, sucking on his balls, but avoiding the head. 

I felt his cock dribble precum over onto my hand. I licked up the shaft sucking up the cum from the head of his cock before I wrapped my lips tightly around him. I felt his hand wrap up in my hair as I took his balls in my hand, working them over and pulling them, my nails scratching lightly over them. I let my tongue circle around the head of his cock, sucking, slowly beginning to move over his cock, taking more and more of him in. I could feel his cock swelling in my mouth, throbbing, getting harder and harder. He wrapped his hand tighter in my hair and began to thrust into my mouth. I sucked him harder, opening wider as his thrusts became more powerful. 

He pulled my head back, holding it against the wall, and then began to fuck my mouth, hard and deep. I took him all in, spit running down my chin as he fucked my face harder and faster, gagging me and making me take him in. I never stopped playing with his balls and I could hear him talking to me, "Yeah, baby...you're my little slut....I'm gonna fuck your face so hard...that's it baby, choke on my fat cock..." With a loud grunt, he pushed his cock into my throat and I felt his cum explode as I sucked it down my throat, swallowing every drop.

He untangled his hands from my hair and stepped away from me, his breath coming hard and fast, but beginning to slow down. As he did, I fell to my hands and knees in front of him. He looked at me, his gaze stormy as I gasped catching my breath. 

"Get up." he said. I looked up at him, surprised at the hardness in his voice. I stood in front of him shakily, using the wall behind me for support.

He turned and walked to the bedroom. I assumed I should follow him, so I started after him, my knees weak. As I came into my room, he was turning from the radio. A soft bluesy jazz was coming over my speakers. He sat in the arm chair in the corner of my room. "Dance for me," Mike said quietly. "Strip."

I stared at him, feeling my face flush, self conscious. I knew there was no arguing or backing down. I was...his. 

I walked the couple of steps it took so that i was standing just out of reach in front of him. Slowly, finding the rhythm, my hips began to sway. I closed my eyes, losing myself in the music. I let my hands travel over my body, feeling the goose bumps rise over my skin at my touch. I rubbed my breasts, swaying to the music, pinching my nipples, feeling them harden. I let my fingers run up over my neck, through my hair, holding it up on my head with one hand while the other trailed slowly down my body, then rubbed my pussy over my panties. I reached around and unhooked my bra, then held it up with my hands as I danced harder, getting lost in it. I slowly let it drop, revealing my tight hard nipples. I put a finger in my mouth, sucking it, and then rubbed my nipples leaving them glistening with saliva.

I opened my eyes to see Mike slowly stroking his cock. It was hard again and he was watching me passionately. I closed my eyes again, turning my back to him as I danced on. I threw him a look over my shoulder as I hooked my thumbs into the waistline of my panties. I slowly dropped them over my ass then began to bend over without bending my knees as I pulled them down over my legs. My ass was thrust back to Mike and I spread my legs enough for him to see my wet pussy as I lowered my panties. I stepped from them and tossed them into his lap as I kept dancing, nude. I bent my knees, lowering myself to the ground my legs spread wide, my hand gliding over my wet dripping pussy, then stood, my hips moving and dancing. 
