 Sorry this has taken so long...very long story but hopefully I am through with it all and will be able to focus on my writing. All mistakes are my own, I apologize for them. As always a big thank you to MaaddMaaxx, without you I wouldn't even get to post!

Jared rode the elevator up to Jason's apartment, for what he hoped was the last time for the day. He was tired -- physically, mentally, and emotionally. He was sleeping very little and he knew Jason wasn't sleeping much at all either. In fact no one was really sleeping. That is how they were all pulling 20 hour days. They couldn't sleep. Jared had been fine at first, her scent was on his bed from when she slept there the night before she left. It faded fast though and now he was left feeling very lost and empty. The ding above the elevator told him that he was at Jason's now. The doors slid open and he walked into the room, noting that most of the team was present, including Kaleb.

"What's going on?" Jared asked the room as a whole.

"Well the DA closed the case against you for a lack of evidence. They are ruling the shooting as self-defense. So you don't have to worry about a trial." Jason informed him.

"That's good, right?" Jared asked confused as to why everyone seemed too quiet.

Trenton, who appeared to be the most alert of the bunch, gave his update, "Well we were thinking that Tom was at the last building that we hit. My sources on the street says that he is being listed as dead by his crew. They are scattering like roaches in a newly lit room."

"Yeah, well just remember that roaches may scatter but they actually regroup where you can't see them." Jason stated, giving a sigh as he ran his hand through his hair. "Look we give this one more week. We keep hitting all his place just like we have. If we don't shake him out -- we consider it done and go get our families."

Everyone there had a big grin on their face at the thought of rejoining their families. Trenton even was happy, "Thank God, you all need laid -- badly! You're shitheads without these woman to keep you on the straight and narrow!"

Jared started laughing and replied, "You just wait until you find yours. Let's see how you react to her not being there."

The rest of the guys joined in on the laughter, they all begun to feel the tension leaving their bodies as they felt the end nearing. Jason had an odd look on his face while he looked at Jared.

"So when are you going to ask her?" Jason asked.

"Ask her what?"

"To marry you? You don't think that we've missed the way that you are without her? You've been acting like a man being driven with a purpose in the last two months, not someone under an obligation for a favor returned."

Jared smiled at him, "I haven't decided yet, I want to make it memorable for her."

Jason replied, with a grin on his face, "Well, mother will enjoy planning and having one of our weddings on the island -- just an idea."

Jared laughed, "I am sure she will but when you tell her -- remind her that I have to actually ask Olivia to be my bride still!"

"No promises, you know mom." replied Jason.

"Hey can we stop yacking and start working so I can see my wife this month sometime?" asked Ty in an aspirated voice.

Jason slapped him on the back, "Let's get this week over, and go get our ladies."

Two weeks later...

Jared sat back and closed his eyes as the small plane began to taxi down the runway after it landed. He was exhausted. In the first week they had continued to hit all of Tom's hot spots. They never got it confirmed if he was dead but they did know that he wasn't in the city anymore. The top people in his crew hadn't seen him in over a month and didn't hold much hope that he was alive. So just to be on the safe side they hit his spots hard another week. 

Jason ended up with several of Tom's guys wanting to join him but no one trusted them yet. Jason told them that they needed to prove themselves first. Leaving it up to those few to figure out exactly how they would do that.

All Jared wanted to think about was landing on the island and seeing Olivia and Chloe. He needed to feel them as he hugged them and feel their arms around him. He was tired of them just being a voice on the telephone. As he felt the plane come to a stop he and the other guys began to get up and collect their bags that they carried on. When they all left the plane and walked out onto the tarmac you could feel the rejuvenating that seemed to surge through them as the moment of reuniting with their loved ones suddenly was a tangible moment for all of them.

"You know your mother has been making lots of plans ever since she found out the plane would be heading down here. Don't think that she will not say anything about it being a week late."

"Stan, how have you been?" Jason asked as he gave the man who taught him almost everything he knew about the business a hug. Stan was like an uncle to most of the guys on Jason's team.

"I've been busy. First you send a lotta women and children down here. If that wasn't enough most of the woman are pregnant so let's not even start talking about the hormones that are raging on this island! Now I can handle a lot of things but I tell you what, when you send in your secret weapon -- well that's where I gotta say my piece."

Jason looked at him oddly, "Stan are you drunk? What the hell are you talking about."

Jared began to smirk before Stan even answered, "Chloe. That child can round all the others up and get them to agree to anything she wants. She simply has to look at your mother and give her an innocent smile and even your mom is puddy in her hands. If you don't want a revolution of around here from the children -- well the rules are clear, keep Chloe happy! About the only person she doesn't have wrapped around her finger is Olivia. That little shyster was crying the other day and acting like her world had simply been destroyed -- all because she was asked to go get her bath. She all but had your mom willing to let her skip the night when Olivia walked in. She took one look at Chloe and informed her that she wouldn't speak twice, Chloe better shape up and do what she was told to do or Olivia would make sure she had a really good reason to cry. That little girl jumped right up and took off as if she had never been even remotely upset. Do you know she got me in trouble too? She convinced me that chocolate cake was okay for breakfast. After all it has eggs and milk in it! How could it not be okay for breakfast?"

Jared broke out laughing, he remember all too well the little minx trying to convince him that Olivia wouldn't mind him giving her chocolate cake for breakfast the first morning that he met her.

"Next time -- warn me that you have a secret weapon a coming and I will prepare myself better. You know your mother is still not very happy with me about the cake. And when we got caught -- the little faker told them that she begged for cereal because it was 'a healthy way to start the morning'. I got in so much trouble from not just your mother but all the mothers...well except Olivia who actually believed that Chloe would try to get chocolate cake for breakfast. Anyways now they are your problem along with the leader of the resistance against the adults -- Chloe. Wish you the best of luck Jared!"

"Is that why you are hiding down here at the tarmac? Because Chloe, a little girl not in school yet, has gotten you in trouble?" Jared asked unable to keep the chuckle out of his voice.

"No, I'm down here cause the pilot radio ahead and let me know that you all would be here soon. Smart ass!"

Jason couldn't help himself from asking, "So are you upset because Chloe got you in trouble or because she has interrupted your sleep. Or could it be that since Chloe has been here she is interrupting those moments with mom that 'mean so much' to you?"

By the look that Stan gave them, the guys knew; Chloe has had a radar setting and has been interrupting Stan and Colleen's adult time. 

As they continued to walk up to the house, Stan filled everyone in on everything that had been happening and where everyone should be right now. When the group reached the patio they broke off and went their own way to reunite with their loved ones.

Jared took the path from the house that lead down to the beach houses. According to Stan, Olivia had been placed in the beach house that was typically used by him. When he reached the door to the beach house, he paused, this was it. He knew that the next few minutes may change the course of his life -- hell he was hoping that it would. With his fingers crossed he quietly let himself into the house with his personal key.

* * * 

Olivia had just gotten out of the shower only drying her hair. She had taken to leaving the balcony door open so that the cool breeze from the ocean could dry her. She loved the breeze blowing over her body after a shower, it had become one of her favorite, private activities. She stretched out on her back on the bed, relaxing and for the millionth time wishing that Jared hadn't put her toy back. She had several erotic dreams the night before starring Jared and herself. 

"Woman, you have a choice either wear some clothes and get me up to my mom's house or get ready to not leave that bed for a while." Said a very gruff voice.

Olivia looked up quick and saw Jared standing in the doorway of the bedroom. Her mouth went dry instantly, he looked so good she wanted to lick him all over. It took a couple of seconds for his words to register in her brain. Then with an evil smile she decided to start teasing him the way that he had been teasing her in her dreams every night. She slid her legs apart and began to slide a finger up and down her slit. She knew by the feel that she was drenched and there was no way to hide the evidence of her arousal from him. Jared suddenly looked more like he was unable to move, but he remembered how very quickly. He slowly walked into the room his eyes on her finger as it slid lightly up and down the puffy outer lips of her pussy. When he reached the bed he removed his shirt as he watched her finger slip into her soaked pussy. 

Olivia groaned as she pushed a finger in. She had seen this was driving him crazy and couldn't help herself. When he took his shirt off she wanted to reward him for taking the next step. As she looked at him now, his shirt still hanging off of his arms after being pulled over his head, he looked like he might not be able to finish getting undressed.

"Jared..." she moaned at him.

Jared looked up from her handy work on her own pussy and up into her eyes, he saw the desire, and it seemed to make him jump into action. He placed his knee on the bed and placing his face mere inches from her overheated core. With a soft touch he pulled her hand away from her slit, taking the soaked finger and licking her juices off with slow actions. Then he placed her hand up on her stomach, as he looked up in her eyes as she lounged on her elbows watching him with lust filled eyes.

"Are you sure?"

Olivia just nodded her head unable to speak anything at the moment.

"You asked for it sweetheart." Without notice he leaned down and began to lap at her outer pussy lips. Only after her juices were cleaned up to his standard did her peel back the outer pussy lips and uncover the sloppy pink skin on the inside. He went straight to work with his tongue lapping everywhere he could reach. He could hear her moaning and knew that he would probably have her very close at this point. With a great reluctance he pulled his mouth back and began to finger fuck her slowly as he watched her writhe around on the bed. After a few minutes he stopped and removed his finger sucking it into his mouth and cleaning the digit clean of her juice. He then unbuttoned his pants and stepped out of them. He leaned back down and began to lightly rub light her clit peaking out from it's hiding spot within her folds. 

She began to squirm her ass around as he rubbed her. She could see his cock peaking out of the front of his boxers and licked her lips in anticipation of tasting him. She scooted up further on the bed away from his finger of joy. He gave her a confused look. She got up from the bed and walked around him. He turned to watch her and she pushed him backwards so he landed on the bed on his back. Olivia grabbed his boxers as he lifted his ass up a little bit off of the bed. She pulled them down his legs watching his cock leap out of them. Her mouth began to water at the sight of him. As she crawled up between his legs on the bed he scooted up a bit to make room for her. He put his hands behind his head watching her every move. She gave him a wicked smile. Then she leaned down swirling her tongue around the head of his cock, taking special care the lick the clear fluid that was leaking out of the little eye. Jared released a long moan. As she swirled her tongue around the head she took a little more of it into her mouth. When he was half into her mouth he was hitting the back of her throat. He touched the back of her head, no pressure just a touch to let her know that he enjoyed what she was doing. She worked him back out of her mouth then slowly started working him back in. After a few times she had been able to work him completely into her mouth and deep throat him. 

Jared continued to moan, "Oh god baby that feels so good." His breathing was becoming more labored. Each time she got him into her throat she swallowed clinching her throat muscles around his thick cock. She got to do that just twice before he grabbed her leg and spun her around so she was laying on top of him in a 69 position. 

She tried to concentrate on working his cock in and out of her mouth but found it to be very hard as he began to lick her outer pussy lips again. She began to moan which vibrated on his cock. He then started to lick up and down her flooding slit. As he did this she began to squirming her pussy in his face. He stiffened up his tongue and began to tongue fuck her, sliding it in and out of her sloppy hole. She pulled off of his cock and released a long moan before lowering her mouth back to his cock. He felt her begin to fuck back on his face that is when he slid his mouth down to her clit. He sucked it in and began to rub his tongue lightly over the hardened pea that was peaking out of its little hood. He would have continued with this course of action to get her to cum on his tongue but every time he hit her clit she tightened her throat on his cock and he knew that he was not going to last much longer. So he pulled her off of his cock even though all he wanted to do was push her down further. 

He brought her around and they began to kiss as he rolled her under him. She began to suck on his top lip then slipped her tongue into his hot mouth. His tongue came forward to dance an erotic dance. He began to rub her nipple feeling it come to a point. He slowly began to kiss down her chin then following the slope of her throat, following an invisible line right through the middle of her cleavage. He slid to one nipple sucking it into his mouth lashing at it with his tongue after making her nipple as hard as he thought it could get he kissed his way to the other nipple again giving it a tongue lashing.

He shifted his legs so they were in between hers then he grabbed his cock and rubbing it up and down her soaked slit. He slid it slowly into her pussy. She was so tight he did not think that he would last long enough to get all in her. As soon as he was half in her, she wrapped her legs around his hips pulling him closer to get him deeper in her. When he bottomed out he was fully seated in her. He pulled back then pushed in while she rocked her hips in tempo with him. They kissed each other deeply moaning into each other's mouth easily finding the right rhythm to bring pleasure to them both. She felt her orgasm building then he slid right against her g-spot.

"JARED!!!" she screamed. She exploded; her muscles clinched his thick cock as she began to rock hard against him. 

He felt himself swell then before he had another thought he exploded, "OHHH!" cumming deep into her womb.

They laid there in the same position feeling each other's heart beat race, listen to each other gasp for breath. Jared finally came to his senses enough to think that he might be too heavy for her so he rolled onto his back, reluctantly feeling his cock slide out of her warm, wet sheath. With a sigh he pulled her into his arms as she continued to recover.

"Wow...that was amazing!" she whispered to him.

He chuckled, "Yeah, well keep greeting me with a personal show of you playing with yourself while laying naked in a bed and I promise it will just keep getting better."

"When did you get here?"

"Just a bit ago. I haven't even seen my mom yet, all I wanted to do was come and see you."

Olivia leaned up and kissed him on the lips softly. "I missed you."

Jared smiled, "I missed you too. I need to talk to you about something though."

"What is that?"

"We have hit Tom's places for the last couple of months. We have no proof but his people seem to believe that he is dead. We hit a building that he was confirmed in but then his body was never recovered. This isn't the way that I would have preferred bringing you home but it has been about a month since anyone has seen him. And I am being selfish and want Chloe and you back with me."

Olivia looked at him, tears in her eyes, "We want to be with you also Jared. If you think that you got him then I have faith in you."

Jared leaned up and kissed her softly on the lips trying to get the courage up to ask her the one thing that he had figured he would never ask again.

"Liv? I want to ask you something."

Olivia sat up on the bed, swinging her legs over the side, "Yes?"

"These last few months have really got me to thinking as I said before, I really missed you both. And..." Jared noticed that she had went sheet white and had a sudden scared look on her face. "Olivia are you okay?" He asked coming off the bed to get to her to do whatever it took to take the fear away from her.

"Oh my God, Jared! You forgot to wear a condom!" She whispered in a low voice.

"I know, it's fine, Liv you have to listen to me. I didn't wear a condom because I have no intention of ever wearing a condom."

"But I can get pregnant still! I am not on birth control, it is very important that I don't get pregnant!"

"Why? Why is it so important?" he asked her confused.

She released a small sob, "Because I don't want anyone to think that you are with me because I trapped you by getting pregnant." She jerked a long t-shirt on over her and sat back on the foot of the bed.

"No one will think that." Jared replied.

"Yes they will."

"Who do you think will think that?" Inquired Jared.

"Jason for one. Then your mother -- who I really like a lot and I don't want her to think bad things about me!" She replied with a sob.

Jared chuckled and stood up walking over to his pants and slipping them on. He grabbed his bag and brought it over to the bed. Sifting through it until he found what he was looking, and then he sat beside her on the bed. "First off, my mother loves you! Short of killing me...nope scratch that she would probable still love you...so short of never talking to her again there is literally nothing you could do that would make her hate you. As for Jason, a done deed can't be held against you."

"He could say that I did all of this on purpose."

"You didn't know we were coming, you didn't know I was going to be standing there right then, and you didn't have any way of knowing that we would end up making love. Let alone that I wouldn't have had a condom. Besides, all that isn't going to be the most important point. The most important point is you have no way of knowing about this." He told her as he slid onto his knees in front of her.
