 That night I was feeling particularly insane with passion. We had been on this island for quite some time and even though I had fantasies about us fucking, I never knew when the time would come. Today it finally did.

As I was lying there next to you for the first time...listening to you breathing in a deep sleep...all I could think was "I want more of this man". Then, I knew exactly what I was going to do. 

Since you were on your back, I slid between your legs. Your cock was in my mouth and within seconds you were hard. Looking up, I could tell you were still asleep. However, there was this smile upon your face. My pussy was getting wet just from giving you this nocturnal blowjob. My mouth started opening larger to get you down my throat. A cock this big was going down my throat without any effort, for I was relaxed in my sexuality with you.

Suddenly I feel your hand on my head. Taking the back of my hair and grasping it to make my head go up and down on your cock. Were you still asleep? I couldn't tell, because your breathing was still so deep. You were not making any noises - so how could I tell? I kept going. Allowing myself to suck harder and harder...bringing my throat down on your cock. The minute I started sucking on your balls, I knew you were awake for you started to moan. "Oh baby, what a way to wake up!"

I brought my lips to yours and hooked onto a passionate kiss. Your tongue exploring my mouth as mine did the same. Your fingers were instantly attracted to my pussy. Seeing how wet I was you flipped me over onto my back and started to devourer me. I was so close to cumming anyway when I was sucking your cock, that it didn't take long before I squirted my cum into your mouth. You had loved it when I had done that before and as I did it this time - you just continued to press your face into my wide open pussy.

All of a sudden you took three fingers and pushed them up my ass wet from the cum from my pussy. I was so relaxed and your three fingers made me turn on even more – I came again. A banana was next to our padding and you got it all wet and pushed it up my pussy. “Oh GOD…FUCK ME HARD!” “Fuck me fast!” “Just FUCK the shit out of me!”

This was more “violent” than when we had fucked earlier in the day. “Please fuck me with your cock!” “Please be inside of me!” “NOW!”

You took the banana out of my pussy and replaced your fingers with the banana. Suddenly you were on top of me teasing me with your hard cock. “PLEASE!!” “I am begging you!” “I NEED your cock in my pussy!” “Won’t you PLEASE put your COCK into my hot wet throbbing pussy?”

“Get on all fours” you say with your hard voice. “If you want to be fucked hard, you will be my bitch and take it where I want to put it” “I will fuck your pussy – but I want to cum all over your face so be ready to catch it”

I am on ALL FOURS…my ass sticking up clinching the banana…keeping it inside me. You enter me fast and hard. I feel your balls slapping my ass as I am taking your hard cock in my tight pussy. You exclaim, “God, bitch your pussy is so tight for me…we are going to keep it that way.”

The banana is tightly in my ass being held there by your fucking. You grab my tits and squeeze them hard…pulling my nipples as hard as you can. I cum again. You feel it and your cock gets even bigger. I think it is because you are so excited. I know you are holding back because you want me to cum one more time before you take your cock out and make me turn over to take your cum in my face.

Finally, you pull out and pull me to the side and lay me down. You start jerking off over my face. Cum is all over my face…it drips down my neck and some even gets on my tits. I rub it into my face and bring some of your sweet cum into my mouth…making me want more…

It is then that I know that I am becoming an Island Slut.