 For an introduction to these two characters, please read Chapter 1


We lay silently beside each other for several minutes.

She rose on her elbow and, with a mischievous look, asked, "Can I do you now? And I want to do something I never did like. I never really liked sucking you with my mouth. I just couldn't bring myself to like putting your penis in my mouth. And when you came, I had to run to the bathroom and spit it out or I thought I would throw up."

"I know, Evie. I could tell you didn't like it or even want to do it. I appreciate the fact that you still did it. But it felt so good to me, and as long as you were willing, I was going to enjoy it. I guess that was selfish."

I paused, then asked, "Why now?"

"Because of the way your mouth and tongue made me feel. I want to give you those kind of feelings too. So, is it OK with you?"

"Yes!" I answered eagerly.

"What do I do? You'll have to help me."

"Whatever seems natural."

She pushed me back on the bed, looked at me, and began tickling my penis and scrotum like she was playing a piano. She ran the fingers of one hand up and down my thighs. I quickly hardened. She started rubbing my penis by moving the palms of both hands back and forth.

"I remember you used to like this."

"I remember too," I said with a groan.

Looking at me, she said playfully, "I suppose you'd like me to kiss it?"

I nodded my head.

She wrapped one hand around my penis and started moving it up and down. She lightly caressed my scrotum with her fingers. She looked at me again, took a deep breath, leaned down, and licked me. Her tongue explored up and down and around my penis. She licked both sides and underneath. I jerked when she licked across the head of my penis.

She looked at me, grinned, then ran her tongue across it's tip. She looked at me again and took me into her mouth and partway down her throat. Now it was my turn to moan with pleasure.

Pulling off, she said, "I never could have tried that before. All I could bear was taking the tip into my mouth. I hope I can make it feel good for you."

"You already have," I said barely above a whisper.

She ran her tongue across the tip of my penis again. Noticing my body's reaction, she kept doing it. For a few moments, she ran her tongue around the head of my penis and, every once in a while, flicked its tip. I raised my hips and pushed my hardness against her mouth. 

"I won't last very long at this rate, Evie," I warned her.

She smiled. "This makes me feel so in control."

"Good for you. Now, put me out of my misery, will you?"

She took the head of my penis into her mouth once more. She looked at me with a smile in her eyes. My body was now the one doing the twitching. I closed my eyes as she began moving her mouth up and down my penis. 

"Oh, Evie ... Oh ... please take me as deep as you can and suck hard when you pull back. Please!"

She pulled back and said, "Open your eyes, I want you to see your penis in my mouth."

I did as she asked. The sight of her taking me into her mouth was exceeded only by the look in her eyes, a look promising love, and from that love, the desire to please.

I began moving my hips trying to push my penis deeper into her mouth. I felt her fingers fondling my testicles. She slowly took me deeper and deeper into her mouth. Then her fingers found my anus. I moaned. My body was nearing the point of no return. When I felt her finger push against my anus again, I held her head tightly and spurted down her throat. 

She kept me in her mouth until I was through coming. As I softened, she pulled her mouth off with one final suck and swallowed. 

Licking up the remaining semen on my penis, she said, "This stuff doesn't taste so bad after all. To think, all I used to do was run to the bathroom and spit it out as fast as I could."

I was too spent to say anything.

She lay back on the bed next to me.

After a while, she asked, "Can you talk yet?"

"Hmmmmmm"

"Next time I want you inside me."

"Hmmmm ... what?" I leaned up on my elbow and asked, "When is the next time?"

"I'll be here next week, same time. And," she said with a smile, "I'm really looking forward to it." 

************

I was in the kitchen waiting for her arrival. Knowing she liked tea, I was heating up water in the kettle. My mind was mulling over what I had planned for today. My penis was already semi-erect from the anticipation. 

Suddenly, I felt a hand reach from behind me and grab my penis. Startled, I turned around.

"The door was unlocked so I just came on in," she said.

"You snuck up on me," I accused.

"You were deep in thought so I decided to surprise you. What were you thinking about."

"Three guesses."

"I think I only need one." Looking at the tea kettle she said, "That'll have to wait. Turn the burner off."

I did. 

She took me by the hand and led me into the bedroom. She pulled my shirt over my head. I unbuttoned her blouse. She was not wearing a bra. 

I looked at her wonderfully shaped breasts and said, "Evie, your body is still absolutely fantastic!" 

"I like what you have too," she said, looking at my penis bulging against my underwear. 

She smiled and kneeled down. Pulling my shorts and underwear down, she exposed my now erect penis. Bending over it, she gave it a lick with her tongue, smiled, and took it deep into her mouth.

"What's gotten into you, Evie?"

"I've had a week to remember the fantastic feelings I had and I want to have even more. One thing worries me, though. I haven't had you inside me for a long time."

"Don't worry about that. I have a plan for that."

"You do? Tell me."

"Not right now. I'll let it be a surprise." 

I took her under her shoulders, stood her up, and pulled the rest of her clothes off. She, too, was becoming aroused. I could see a wetness around her opening. 

We stepped over our clothes and she pulled me onto the bed.

Both naked now, I drew her toward me and held her body next to mine. She adjusted herself so that my penis was between her legs. We stayed that way a long time, sharing affectionate words, kissing, and caressing each other's body. 

As our kisses became more passionate, she began rotating her hips, rubbing her clitoris against my erection. We both moaned with pleasure. 

"Not so fast, Evie," I said. "I want this to last." 

I pulled back, wet a finger, and began stroking her breasts and nipples. She turned toward me, sliding my penis between her legs again. I started caressing her shoulders and back. Soon, her fingers were meandering back and forth across my back down to my buttocks. She began to move her hips again, but I told her to stop.

"It's time for your surprise now."

I opened the drawer of my lamp stand, reached in and pulled out my recent purchases: two vibrators.

She looked amused and said, "I can guess what these are for. We used to have a hand vibrator and you'd use it on me every once in awhile. But why are there two sizes and why is the one curved on the end?"

"You'll find out. Now, lay back and enjoy."

"I'm hoping to."

"Today," I said in a mock authoritative voice, "I am going to introduce you to the joys of a vibrator. You are going to love the feel of this."

I handed her the smaller one and told her to turn it on and begin stimulating her breasts, abdomen, and vagina with it. 

"And be sure to let me know if you feel like you're on the way to having an orgasm," I added. 

I watched as she started by running the vibrator across her breasts. As her nipples became erect, she moistened a finger and traced circles around each one. 

She closed her eyes and said, "This does feel really good."

With one hand, she moved the vibrator from nipple to nipple, squeezing and twisting the other with her fingers. Her other hand worked the vibrator to the cleft between her legs. She began caressing her mound. Then, with her other hand, she slipping a finger just inside her outer lips to open them. Holding her lips open with two fingers, she began stroking the length of her opening with the vibrator. She stopped and, while pressing it against her vagina lips, she brought a second finger. I could see her juices begin to flow. I head a sharp intake of breath and saw her body tense as she found her clitoris.

"This feels so good," she said dreamily.

"Put the tip of the vibrator on your clitoris. That's it. Now, find a speed that feels best to you. Close your eyes and focus all your attention on the sensations you are feeling between your legs."

I watched as her body filled with sexual excitement. She moved the vibrator from her clit, down her inner lips, then back to her center of pleasure. She began to moan, her hips moving involuntarily as she pressed the vibrator harder against her center of pleasure. Suddenly her body stiffened then shuddered. She came with a groan of pleasure. Not moving the vibrator from her clitoris, she continued until she had another orgasm so intense that she dropped it. 

"Oh, no" she cried. "Where did it go? Where did it go?"

I reached over and picked up the vibrator. I turned it to its fullest speed and handed it to her. She pressed it hard against her clit. She began to writhe with pleasure again. She moved it up and down along her outer lips. Then she pushed it inside her. 

"Oh, it feels so good," she moaned.

She began pushing it deeper and pulling it nearly out until she had another orgasm, this time accompanied with a shriek. 

She collapsed her body and breathed heavily.

When she was breathing more easily, I reached for the other vibrator.

"Why is it curved and have a knob on the end?" she asked.

"It's supposed to stimulate your G Spot," I answered.

"G Spot? What's a G Spot?"

"I read about it a couple of years ago. It is a spot just behind your pelvis on top of your vagina. When it's stimulated, it's supposed to increase the sensations of your orgasms."

"I don't know how they could be more intense than what I just had."

"Well, let's find out."

I turned on the vibrator, rubbed it against her opening. I allowed a finger to just brush against her anus. That caused a squeal of delight. I moved my vibrator to her inner lips. I moved it back and forth, and up and down against her opening. Her hips started pushing toward the vibrator. 

"I never wanted anything in me but your penis before. But I sure want this thing inside me now."

As her sex lips opened, I pushed it just inside, then pulled it almost completely out. When I pushed it in again, her eyes opened wide with surprise. I took her hand and moved the other vibrator to her breasts.

"Stimulate your nipples, Evie."

She turned it on and began stimulating her breasts. 

I pushed the knob of my vibrator against the top of her vagina. She dropped her vibrator, grasped her breasts, and began to move her hips. I slowly moved my vibrator in and out of her vagina. Her body began to writhe. Just as I could feel her nearing her orgasm, I pushed it deep inside, pressing the nubs on its base against her clitoris. Then I pulled it back. Her hips found my rhythm and moved back and forth until it was at its deepest inside her and pressing on her G Spot on the way outward. Suddenly, her back arched. She reached my hair and pulled me against her. She screamed. Her nails dug into my back. I continued moving the vibrator in and out, then pressed it hard against her G Spot and then her cervix. She rubbed her clit with a finger and was consumed by another orgasm. It seemed to go on and on. 

"Oh ... no more ... no more ... I can't take any more," she cried.

Finally, she lay back exhausted.

I let her breathing return to near normal. "So, Evie," I asked, "How do you like a vibrator now?"

Barely able to get the words out she said, "Wonderful, just wonderful."

After she was able to breathe again, she said, "Our sex life was really boring wasn't it. I wish we would have done this back then."

"We weren't the people we were then that we are now. We seem to be putting each other's pleasure first."

"It was like sex was a chore. An unpleasant part of being married. I never thought about the pleasure we could give each other. I just wanted to do it and get it over with. Even when I had an orgasm, I knew it felt good to me, but I never thought of it as giving you pleasure too."

"I know what you mean, Evie. My focus was on the feelings I was getting out of it."

"I do know it made you feel good when I had an orgasm."

"Yes, that's for sure. It makes a man feel ... feel ... well, it's hard to explain. I guess it just made me feel more like a man when I could make you climax. Even that was selfish of me."

"Well, we sure aren't being selfish now." 

"OK, enough talk, Evie, are you ready for more?"

"Oh, yes," she responded.

"You said next time you wanted me inside you. I think the vibrator has opened you up enough to for me to be inside. What do you think?"

"I think I want you, I need you, inside me."

She raised up on one elbow and said, "But I want to give you some good feelings first. What can I do for you?"

"Just take me in your mouth and make love to my penis with your mouth for a little bit. Not too long, though, or I'll never make it inside you."

She leaned down and did just that. I closed my eyes and lost myself in the feel of her tongue and lips.

Before I could orgasm, she softly said, "I want you inside me now."

I rolled her onto her back and spread her legs apart. 

"When I get inside, wrap your legs around my waist!" 

She guided my penis to her pussy and rubbed it up and down her lips. We both moaned. She placed it at her opening. I gently pushed it just inside. I pulled back and pushed it in a little farther. With a hard push, I thrust my penis in completely. 

Evie gasped. 

"Uncross you legs," I moaned.

I put her legs over my shoulders. Leaning over her, I began thrusting back and forth. I pulled back until my penis was almost out, then pushed it back in. Her hips began to push back against me.

She moved her legs back around my hips. "I can feel your penis against my clitoris better this way," she cried.

Our hips found a rhythm. I would pull almost completely out of her then she would take me back in. I could feel the tip of my penis touching against her cervix. 

"Look me in the eyes! Look me in the eyes! I need to see your face when we come," I pleaded.

Her body began to shudder. With one final thrust, I went as deep as I could and held myself there, lifting slightly to push against her clitoris. She pushed back to increase the pressure. I saw her face scrunch up. Looking in my eyes, she came with a scream, covering our legs with her juices. At the same time, I felt my orgasm burst up my penis.

"I love you Evie, I love you," I shouted as I erupted into her. 

I began pushing into her again. She pushed back. We lost consciousness of how long we drove ourselves against each other. We could not count of the number of orgasms she had before I came a second time. We were lost in a world of intense pleasure. We had moved beyond pure love to pure lust, pure sex. 

Finally, Evie became limp. No longer able to hold myself up, I collapsed beside her.

For a long time, we said nothing.

"Evie, you are amazing. Nothing you could ever do could top this."

"I couldn't even have imagined how you made me feel today. Everything was so intense."

We lay silent again, reluctant to move.

After a while, Evie said, "One more time? Please?"

"Getting greedy, aren't you?" I laughed.

"But it will have to be next week," she said. "I'm too exhausted to do anything now"

"A week? A week? After this you're going to make me wait another week?"

"You'll appreciate it more," she said. "Remember, absence makes the ... "

"I know, I know. But I want you to know, Evie, that sex or no sex, I appreciate you. I'm fond of you. I love you."