 TERI: Hi Readers, I'm "Teri," the real GILF/writing partner. Yes, I am a real person, lol. My ID name is: rainbowdreamer.

I'd like to thank all the readers who have enjoyed our story about Kurt & Teri. It has been fun writing it with the help of my lover who has encouraged me forward in each of these chapters. This was just another fun first he has introduced me to and has made it very easy for me to put our experiences into written word.

Again, thank you for reading and for your comments. We both hope you enjoy this next chapter. I'm looking forward to your future comments too.

KURT: Hi. I know that there are still some doubters as to Teri's actual existence. Sorry, you're just going to have to take our words for it. I highly doubt that she will allow any pictures of herself to be posted, so ... Teri doesn't have anything posted yet, but she will soon. Until then, enjoy this one, let us know what you think, and I am working on her to write some more. She is really starting to enjoy telling you about our exploits almost as much as she is getting into them. Hopefully, there will be more to cum soon.

*****

KURT:

After our weekend get-away, I noticed that Teri started opening up even more. She became more aggressive sexually, asking me for different things, initiating sex ... all things that she admits she never would have done only a couple of years ago. I noticed a couple of times while we were having sex, when I was going down on her and once when she was on her belly, that she put her hands up above her head, like she was tied down. I even found bags from a local adult "romance" store that sold toys, lingerie, and costumes. 

A couple of weeks after I found the bags, I experienced a Friday from Hell at work. It was a day where Murphy's Law reigned supreme, and at the end of it, as much as I wanted to see Teri, what I really wanted to do more than anything was to shower, turn up the stereo, and have a beer or three. Teri took the day off for a "girl's day" with her daughter. I hadn't heard from her all day, so I assumed that they was still out doing whatever it is that a mother and daughter do on a "girls day."

I was finishing my second beer as I got out of the shower when I heard the doorbell ring. Grumbling to myself, wondering who the hell was ringing my doorbell at 8:00 on a Friday night, I went to the door. Looking through the peep hole, I saw Teri standing on my porch, looking beautiful and made up.

As soon as I opened the door, she whipped her coat open and showed me a sexy French maid's outfit. She then proceeded to speak in a bad French accent, telling me that she was "Monique" from "zee Merry Maid company," and that she was there to be my personal maid, and see to "all of my weeshez." 

As crappy as my day was, and as badly as I just wanted to vegetate and have a few beers, I had to smile and welcome "Monique" into my home and let her clean. Apparently, her body was as dusty as mine, because she spent a lot of time using her feather duster on both of us.

The next morning, as we were picking up the scattered pieces of her costume, Teri admitted that she was terrified as she left her condo dressed like that, afraid that one of her neighbors would see her, and that I wouldn't be home. She also told me that she was so turned on by the time that I opened the door, that when I smiled at her and invited her in, it was all she could do to not attack me right in my doorway. 

Continuing to push her boundaries of daring, we played at work some more, including a quickie at a job site that we both had to do a walk-through on, as well as things like my slipping my hand up under her skirt and making her cum while we were at a very crowded blues bar. At a birthday party for one of her grandkids, she even led me off for a not-so-quickie behind her son's shed. We were almost caught by her daughter-in-law that time, who has been giving me dirty looks ever since.

I hadn't brought up her flirting with the boutique owner any more, but I did notice that she wore her new outfits a lot, and she was a lot more hands-on when it came to her dealing with other women. I doubted that I would ever get her to act on any hidden feelings that she had, but I am still a man. I could always fantasize.

The most surprising thing to me was how I was feeling about her. Above and beyond the amazing sex, I enjoyed just spending time with her. Even on the rare nights that there wasn't some sort of sexual play, it was enjoyable just going out for dinner or a drink, or even sitting and watching TV with her. She was constantly on my mind. It had been a long time since I could say that.

***** 

TERI:

Ever since our cabin get away, I had felt a big change in the relationship between Kurt and myself. For me, I found myself being more daring and brave, with more of a comfort zone for being naughty for him. 

I was finding it fun to always be surprising Kurt more sexually than in the past. 

I think the most daring and brave thing I ever did was when I dressed up in a hot, sexy maid outfit and went to Kurt's house without even calling first. I knew he wouldn't be expecting me because I had the day off and the day was planned with my daughter doing spa stuff. 

I was tempted a few times to check in with him but I knew there were some issues on a project and thought best to leave him alone to deal with things and not have me interrupting him. Once I had been dropped home by my daughter I felt in my gut that Kurt needed something to change his mind from the day so I took out the sexy maid outfit I had picked up on a whim when I was at Lovers Lane on my last visit. When I saw it on the dummy I just knew that would be something that would make Kurt's jaw drop when he saw me in it.

I quickly dressed before changing my mind, tossed on my trench coat over it and headed to my car. I was so nervous about getting caught dressed up like this that I was trembling while driving. I soon arrived at Kurt's. My heart was thumping so hard I thought his neighbors could hear me.

I took a deep breath and walked up to his door and rang the bell. It felt like forever before he answered. I was just about to run back to my car when I heard the door knob turn. He opened the door and before he could get a word out I mustered up my nerve. I loosened the belt on my coat and flashed him my outfit.

Kurt eyes popped open wide and drank me in from head to toe. He stood there wide eyed and smiling not saying a word. I didn't know if I was more nervous or excited, but my desires for making Kurt happy tonight over took the nerves, and in the sexiest French accent I could fake, I said, "Bonjour monsieur." That's all the French I knew how to say. Then I faked some other words very badly trying not to bust out laughing doing it and made my way past Kurt as he motioned me in. 

I took my feather duster and started running over his end table, making sure to bend low at the waist to give him a good shot of my bare ass under the short skirt. I heard a low growl and I knew he had a good view.

I then started running my duster along the sofa where Kurt had plopped down to watch the show I was giving him. He kept swigging his beer in between approving moans until I stood in front of him and bent over, letting my pushed up 38dds overflowing the outfit fall directly at his eye level and he choked on a mouthful as I started running the duster over his growing bulge. 

Putting down the duster, I reached for his lounge pants and pulled them down enough to release his bulge. I reached into my apron while mumbling in another bad French accent, "Monsieur oil, oui?"

I opened the small bottle and poured it slowly over my cleavage first. Kurt's eyes followed the stream of oil running between my squished together tits.

I took my fingers and brushed the trail of oil over all my exposed breast, nice and slow. Kurt was rolling the neck of his beer bottle between his fingers. I knew he was unconsciously following the movements of my hands along my breasts. I watched him as I continued caressing myself. Once he noticed what he was doing he smiled and stopped.

I winked and said, "Monsouier like?"

He just gave a dazed nod.

Then I let the oil drip over his cock. I took my finger tip to his swollen head and circled it, feeling the soft velvety texture that I love so much. As I drew my fingers down over the fat mushroom head under the rim, he jumped a little. I know that is a sensitive spot on him and love to feel his reaction when I go there. Then my fingers traced down his thick shaft and he shifted forward on the sofa drawing his pants down all the way. 

With greater access I squeezed some oil over his balls and my other hand cupped them, while my fingers wrapped fully around the shaft and began stroking up and down.

Kurt tried took grab my tits and I pulled back. "No no, monsieur! No touchie".

Kurt bought his hands up behind his head and tossed it back with a disappointing groan. He loves playing with my tits, so I knew this was frustrating him. My fingers worked his cock, and soon he was grabbing my hand, trying to stop me. Slapping his hand, I said, "No no, monsieur! No touch!" He warned me that if I didn't stop there would be more mess to clean up. I grinned and replied "Oui, oui!" 

It wasn't much longer until the beads of precum started to seep more and I positioned my tits over his head and we both watched as he showered my tits and neck with a steaming hot load. Once he was drained I crawled myself onto his lap and gave him a messy hug and his arms squeezed me so tight and the kiss was full of hot lustful desires.

It didn't take long before Kurt was stiff and ready to go again. He had me pinned down on the sofa and showed me just how much he enjoyed the role play show I gave him.

As the wee hours of the night rolled around, I found myself lost in the feeling of Kurt's shallow breath on the back of neck soothing me. I was in awe on how a sleeping snuggle could give me as much joy as an intense round of sex could with this man. 

I turned my head to look at him while he slept and I thought how lucky I was to have this man want to share time like this with me.

As the sun started to come in the window, I slipped out of Kurt's hold. I realized I didn't bring a change of clothes with me, not expecting to spend the entire night, and I had to get home with only my trench coat to cover me. 

While trying to sneak out of bed, Kurt woke. "Where are you going?" 

"Ummm, I was going to sneak out and not disturb you. I'm sorry." 

"Why?"

"Well," biting my lower lip, "I didn't fully think through my little surprise. I only have my coat to wear home so I was going to sneak back home while it was still early enough not to be seen by anyone."

Laughing, Kurt grabbed me and pulled me back down, rolling on top of me.

"Silly woman, do you really think I'd let you leave here without me only wearing a coat! I have some sweats that should fit you to go home in so stop worrying and let me give you a show with my tongue."

We spent until mid-morning talking and playing around before Kurt's work phone was ringing. I told him to get it. It had to be important because rarely does he get a call on weekends for work.

"There's an issue at the site again. I need to go straighten some things out."

"That's fine!"

"You're not upset that I have to go, are you?" he asked.

"Honey, I am not like that. I know sometimes I have to wait in line for your attention, and you're worth every second of waiting."

I grabbed his face between my hands and reassured him with a tongue wrestling kiss. "Call me later. That's all I need."

He tossed me a pair of his sweats to wear home and told me to not to wash them when I return them.

*****

A couple of months later Teri and I were involved in a new project that was the biggest the company had ever taken on. This project was going to take more than a year, and would require both of us to travel to Germany, where the client was headquartered.

I had already admitted to myself that I loved Teri, but I knew that working with someone puts a strain on any relationship, especially when you work as closely as we did under the types of stress that we did. This project was definitely going to be a test for our relationship.

Knowing this, I decided that we were going to take our first real vacation together. I figured that a couple of weeks away, in a relaxing, tropical setting, would be a perfect way to rest ourselves and recharge before we dove into this job. 

Because of the nature of the types of jobs that we did, there were always lulls during the activity while things like paperwork, permits, licenses, and other assorted boring things were taken care of. Sometimes, especially with jobs like this one, those lulls could be up to a month long.

Doing a bit of mental math, I estimated when some of the lulls would happen, and one in particular, which I knew would be a long one, was going to happen around the beginning of June. That was perfect. I knew that was the beginning of the low season in the Caribbean, which would get us some great deals.

Our one year anniversary was coming up, so buying the tickets would be a great present for both of us, although it would be almost impossible to top in the future! I knew that if I asked her about it first, Teri would tell me that she didn't care where we went, and would probably try to talk me out of it, so I booked us for a ten day stay at a resort that I had heard a lot about in Jamaica. This was a couples-only resort, so I knew that it would be a very relaxing atmosphere with no kids around.

I made reservations at a new, fancy restaurant about a half-mile from Teri's condo for the day of our anniversary. My plan was that if the weather cooperated, we could take a cab to the restaurant, and then walk back, stopping off for a couple of drinks on the way back to her place. Teri didn't know about trip yet, and I was going to surprise her at dinner with it.

We both had a rough week at work, as the American rep for the German client was being an enormous pain in our collective asses, but especially to Teri. To this day, I don't know if he was a misogynist, or if he was just being an asshole to her, but we were both getting tired of him. Friday night after work, I made sure that we went out for drinks with everyone else like usual, just to blow off steam. 

It was obvious that the rep had Teri wound up, because the first thing that she did when we got to the bar was to down a Jamaican Snakebite (A shot of Appleton rum topped with a thin layer of lime juice), and then half of a Captain and Coke. About an hour or so later, I was leading a drunk Teri home, where I spent the night holding her as she slept.

*****

Kurt had a real crazy week dealing with total heels and trying to be civil to the ones in charge of the project. One guy kept getting on my nerves. I don't think he liked working with a woman who was in charge of making project decisions. Kurt, at times during different meeting with this client, would notice my frustration growing and a few times actually slipped a hand under the table to massage my upper thigh to change the focus of my aggravation. 

Kurt can always read my moods. It's different having a man who knows you so well and knows how to make you feel better and doesn't even have to be asked. That's one special thing about Kurt that impressed me the most with him, his sensitivity and silent awareness of my feelings.

It was finally Friday, and our PITA client had to go out of town to check on another of his properties. I was so relieved that next week I didn't have to deal with him. Once everyone left the conference room, Kurt asked if I was up to going with the group for a few drinks. I wanted to say no but I needed a stiff one after today.

Over the time going out with Kurt, he has introduced me to a world of different drinks with fun names, and made trying them fun. So in his caring way, he must have known a fun named drink was what I needed to start my weekend right. He brought me this drink called Jamaican Snakebite. I asked him, "Where do you come up with these fun names to drink?" 

He just smiled and said, "Drink up."

In the mood I was in, and with the tastiness of the drink, I downed it real quick. Too quick!

He was about to get me another one, but I just asked him for my safe drink of a Captain and Coke. Switching drinks wasn't a smart idea I suppose, because once the tension left me from laughing with our coworkers, I could feel my horny side kicking up and Kurt was looking pretty damn hot next to me. 

I love seeing him laugh with the guys. He looks so at ease it does something to me and I can't help myself. Kurt knows what a good mood and some drinks do to me and I think he does it on purpose sometimes. 

It wasn't long before I think I was getting too frisky in front of the coworkers for Kurt, so he excused us and whispered in my ear, "We need to leave right now or everyone will notice the bulge in my pants."

I giggled and in a slurred manor said my goodbyes as Kurt helped me walk out the door.

As we walked to his car, or in my case stumbled, I kept trying to make out with my hot man and he kept trying to keep me from tripping. Once at the car when he opened my door I tried to get his zipper down but he wouldn't let me. As soon as he had my hands locked into my seatbelt to keep me still, I gave him a pouty face and he kissed me and laughed, telling me to wait until we got home.

I tried to struggle out of the tight belt, and that's the last thing I remember until I woke up in Kurt's arms, naked with the soft sound and feel of his breathing against my shoulder.

Not feeling very sexy with my sour mouth from the drinks and a mild headache, I nudged Kurt to roll him over so I could go shower and freshen up to feel better. I was happy to see we ended up at my place so all my things were here.

I brushed my teeth and looked at my wild hair and puffy eyes in the mirror. I was glad to have been the one to wake first. I thought to myself that if Kurt saw me like this he'd have snuck out from the shock as I gave a giggle, knowing he has seen me at my worst, and most those times it was his fault. He is a hot lover! 

I started the shower and stepped in. The warm water felt so soothing. I pressed my face against the wall in hope that the cool tile would take down the puffiness in my face. I started imagining I was standing under a waterfall in some exotic place as the sounds of the water cascaded down my back and soothed away my headache.

Suddenly a voice startled me. "What are you thinking?" I heard as I felt a pair of hands cup my breasts and a stuff rod poking at my back side. 

"Mmmm, just imagining standing under a waterfall in some exotic place like you see in the travel magazines, that's all"

"Any place in particular?"

"Nope. Nowhere special. Just a waterfall."

Kurt started nibbling on my ear as he fondled my erect nipples. His hips rocking made his cock brush up and down my ass cheeks. 

"How's the head? You got pretty tipsy real quickly last night. You must have been really stressed out."

"Oh it's not bad. In fact, with your cock teasing my back side, I forgot I had a headache already."

"Nice. Keep your eyes closed and think about us making love under your waterfall."

I nodded as Kurt took his knee and spread my legs apart more. He removed one hand from my breast and I felt the liquid soap dripping down the crack of my ass. I turned my head to say something but before I could, Kurt planted a passionate kiss on my lips. 

I turned my face again to relax against the wall and pressed my ass back towards Kurt. He guided his thick head between my cheeks and slowly teased my bum hole. Then he kissed my neck, and still squeezing my one breast used the other to guide himself slowly into my tight pussy.
