 I had met Lisa through an internet dating service. We had already gone out on one date. Nothing in her e-mails or our phone conversations had prepared me for what our first date was like. Not only did we have sex, but it was definitely on the kinky side. 

I couldn’t wait for our second date.

I picked her up at her house and we went out to dinner. We talked about our jobs, our ex-spouses, and a lot of other things. Only once did the conversation turn to sex. With my salad I had ordered blue cheese dressing. Leaning over to my side, she put her finger in my salad and pulled it out with a small dollop of dressing. Showing it to me she said “Remember what you promised last time?”

I don’t remember making any promises, but I knew what she was talking about. She wanted me to go down on her after sex and lick up my own come. “We’ll see,” I said.

She was getting a little upset. “No, I don’t see. Either you promise you’ll do it or you can leave right now.”

“Ok, ok, I promise.” I didn’t want to do it, but I guess my desire to have sex with her got the better of me. 

At her place, we once again sat on her couch and made out. This time, however, she wasn’t reaching for my cock, so I made the first move. I slipped my hand under her dress and reached her panty-covered pussy. I moved off the couch and knelt in front of her, moving my head up towards her pussy. Her sweet scent smelled incredible. Moving her panties to one side, I began to tongue her pussy lips and licked slowly around her clit. It was getting to be too much for her, so she stopped me so she could undress completely. Now, totally naked, she sat on the edge of the couch with her legs spread wide. I watched her as she fingered her own pussy. I leaned over and began to suck the juices of her fingers before resuming eating her cunt.

“Fuck me now,” she screamed.

I pulled my pants halfway down my legs and my cock sprang out of my underwear. I moved my cock to her opening and began to slide it in. 

“Your cock feels so good inside me. Keep fucking me... fuck me hard”

She was more vocal now than the last time we had sex, and it was turning me on. The more she screamed about me fucking her, the closer I was to coming. 

“Oh yeah... fuck me... fill me up with your hot come... and then you can drink it.”

That was all it took from me. Hearing her say those words made me lose control and I came inside her pussy. I was spent and was about to get up when she said, “But honey, I didn’t come yet.”

I knew what I had to do, so slowly I pulled out of her sopping cunt. She moved her hand down to prevent any leakage. I kneeled down in front of her and I could see me come starting to drip through her fingers.

“Come on, hurry, before it all leaks out. Now, eat my come-filled pussy, baby.”

I began to lick and suck her and I tasted my own come. She kept her hand on my head and squeezed her legs together slightly to keep me pinned. The funny thing was that my cock had got instantly hard again as soon as I began to eat her out. It was still hard after she came herself and finally let me up.

“Did you swallow it, or did you save some for me?” she teased.

“Swallowed it, didn’t have a choice with pussy in my face.”

She laughed and looked at cock. “Looks like your ready to go again.”

She moved to the floor beside me and began to suck my cock. “I want you to come in my mouth this time.” While sucking me, she wet one of her fingers in her pussy and then put it at the entrance of my asshole. This almost always makes me come right away. As soon as she had worked her finger in an inch or so, I came hard in her mouth. Not missing a trick, she kissed me and let the come slide into my mouth. I swapped it back into her mouth and then she swallowed it.

“Did you like that?”

“I suppose so...”

“I think you liked it better than that. I saw how hard you dick was after eating me.”

I didn’t know what to say. All I knew was that I had gotten involved with a girl who was into some freaky sexplay. I honestly didn’t know what to expect next.