 The next day, I couldn't help but recall the events of the weekend, inwardly I would smile to myself thinking of the pleasure I'd had. At last I was no longer a virgin, and was looking forward to many more encounters, but with whom? I even took the time to go sit on a toilet and play with myself, slowly giving myself a wank, it felt so good.

That night I waited till most of the others had gone to bed before taking a bath, soaking in the tub and again thinking about my sex with Norma, it didn't take much to obtain an erection. While it had started badly with my premature ejaculation, the way she handled it at least got me into her Flat, then later her bed. I wondered if it hadn't been for that if she would have taken me home with her.

Being quite a bit older than me was a problem, but only one of embarrassment, I hadn't said I'd see her again or make a date after we parted on the Sunday evening. At this point, I wasn't sure myself if I was willing to see her again. I know a lot of men would booze it up then go to the dances late, and dance with older and less attractive women hoping to get lucky. Someone once said, "Booze helps ugly people have sex."

In my case that first night, after we had made eye contact, it was me who invited her to join me with the slight movements of my head and eyes. In the dim lighting of the dance floor, I hadn't realized how much older than me she was; it was only when she came to sit beside me that I noticed. Still she was attractive, and as I said I enjoyed dancing with her.

I recalled how she had made love to me when getting on top, and had said something like, "Finger tip control" as her fingers had ever so lightly stroked my skin. She took her time when she wanted to fuck me, teasing herself with my cock on the outside of her vagina before inserting the head past the lips. She had just inched it in slowly, a little at a time then back out, then go a little deeper. It had been maddening for me, but I recalled the look of joy on her face as she finally settled down, my cock buried deep inside her up to the hilt.

As I soaked recalling those moments I didn't grip my cock as I normally would have, I just stroked it with my fingertips. What had she said again? "Take your time and enjoy the trip, then the ride will be that much more enjoyable." Was she talking about me or herself, or perhaps both of us?

I found I could maintain my erection in a most pleasurable state of arousal for quite some time till I inadvertently went too far, and my sperm spurted out of me with such force hitting me high on my chest. It was an incredible feeling, and thought I must work on controlling my arousal so I could better control my ejaculations.

The Tuesday and Wednesday was similar in that I couldn't help but think of her time and again, I wondered if I dare see her again. I knew I'd have to run into her again at some point in time, that is if I was going to continue going to the Palais dances on Friday or Saturday nights, and wondered how I would handle it.

On Thursday nights there was another dance held in a community on the edge of the city, as it was on the road to the camp it was always popular with us. I decided to go there with a bunch of others, and as usual, we went to a pub and had a few pints before going to the dance.

I danced with quite a few women, but didn't find any of them attractive enough to spend any time with. My thoughts were of Norma, and how good she had made me feel.

The next night we went to the Palais as usual, and after being in the pub I got there kind of late. The hall was quite crowded as usual and I went looking for her, and then asked her for a dance.

She looked at me for a moment before as if to make up her mind, then taking my hand we got onto the dance floor. I didn't know what to say other than, "How are you" to which she replied "Fine, I was wondering if I'd see you again, or whether you would want to see me again?"

I was tongue tied not knowing what to say so just kept dancing close, she wasn't quite as responsive as I would have liked, but then again she didn't push me away. In between dances we stayed together and slowly the tension between us eased and it became more enjoyable. I got aroused and she must have felt my cock hard through our clothes, and although she didn't pull away, she didn't press herself against it either.

Later when it came time to leave and she agreed, we left the dance hall and we walked to where I was to catch the bus, and found a doorway where we could cuddle and neck. Of course my hands started to wander under her coat, but she gently stopped me going much further.

"This all you want of me John" she asked, I didn't know what to say, "I never heard from you all week" she went on.

In those days not many ordinary people had telephones, so it wasn't like I could have called. Still I knew what she meant, I hadn't asked her for a date when I left her the Sunday before, being in her Flat I knew where she lived, so I could have written or dropped in to see her during the week.

Not knowing what more to say I asked her if I could see her the following night, she looked up at me, "You really mean that or you just being nice?" "No I mean it" I assured her, without anything being said she understood it was the age difference between us that had troubled me. At last she said, "OK, meet you at the same pub and time as last week." At last I got a goodnight kiss that was full of the warmth I remembered from the previous weekend, and then we parted.

The next afternoon I took a bath, excited about the evening ahead and as before enjoying myself with my thoughts. Taking care with my grooming, I wanting to look, (and smell) my best for her, checking myself in a mirror before leaving to catch the bus to town.

As before I arrived in good time to meet her, and was happy when she came walking along the street to meet me. She took my arm and all but kissed me as we went into the pub for a drink. Being a little early there was plenty of seats available, I showed her to a table along a wall, then went up to the bar and ordered our drinks. She had on her overcoat and a scarf, and as I returned with our drinks noticed she was wearing black nylons. Her knees were showing under the hem of her skirt, sending naughty thoughts through my head.

After our drinks we left to go to the dance hall, and once outside again she took my arm as we walked along the street. I felt a little self conscious at this because of our age difference but didn't object. I never thought for one minute that other people seeing us might just think we were mother and son, and think nothing of it.

Once inside the entrance to the hall we took our coats off to check them, and I saw she was wearing a navy blue pleated skirt with a light blue blouse that showed lots of cleavage. She also looked very 'buxom' I thought, standing there in her high heels; her legs encased in the black stockings looked most attractive to me. As I took her elbow to lead her into the dance area I looked into her eyes and said, "You look beautiful." She smiled up at me, and for a brief moment placed her cheek against my shoulder as a way of thanking me.

In the dim light bouncing off the walls and ceiling from the rotating glass balls, we danced cheek to cheek for the slow dances, pressing our bodies against one another I enjoyed an erection, and felt her subtly press her tummy against it. One hand would be around her back as we danced, sometimes slipping it down over her hip to feel the outline of her garter strap curving over her buttock. Occasionally she would pull away ever so slightly letting me know not to go too far, just enough to be titillating.

As randy as I felt, and was sure she was too in her own way, we were just enjoying ourselves and in no hurry to leave. We danced quite a bit, and enjoyed jiving to the fast dances where her pleated skirt would fly up occasionally giving a glimpse of stocking tops. It was after midnight when I got our coats and we left the dance hall.

It was cool out by this time and she took my arm as before, and hugged herself against it as we hurried along the street. There was no need to stop on the way there, and after about 15 minutes got to her block of Flats where she led the way up the stairs and unlocked her door. Once inside, we took our coats off and she hung them up before turning to kiss me, slowly at first then with increasing force as our tongues found each other's mouths. Breaking off for a moment she took my hand and led me to her sofa where we almost fell on to it in our embrace, holding each other tight as if we might lose each other.

Now there wasn't the urgency I'd felt before, I knew what the outcome was going to be as I had one arm around her back, and with the other held her chin in my hand kissing her fully. I let my fingers stroke her neck and shoulder, lightly as she had shown me the week before, down following her necklace to the tops of her breasts. They were so beautiful, her tiny bra pushing the globes up to meet my searching fingers as I caressed the top of them. Her breathing changed, and I felt her arch her back as if to press them into my hands.

Slowly I undid the buttons on her blouse, one at a time and stopping to return to her tits for a moment before continuing to undo the next one. Once they were all undone I took a moment to remove it altogether, and saw that under it she had on some kind of red foundation garment trimmed with black lace. Her bra was the smallest with the cups barely covering her nipples, her tits seemed to be straining to be released and I had them pop out of it to let me caress her whole bosom.

I felt what seemed like her urgency increase as she arched her back to place them in my hands, enjoying the feelings I was inducing in her. My fingertips brushed against her nipples, a low moan escaped her lips as I did so and lowered my head to kiss them, first one then the other before sucking them. I now let my hand wander down over the curve of her hip and thigh until my fingers found the hem of her skirt. My pulse quickening now, I felt the smoothness of her nylons, slowly inching my fingers up behind her leg till I felt her garter strap. I repeated this a few times till I moved on to the bare flesh of her thigh, following the strap till I felt it disappear under her knickers.

She took the opportunity to undo the buttons on my shirt, and when they were undone I loved the feeling of her tits against my chest. Taking her bum in my hand I lightly squeezed her buttock, letting my fingers find the crevice between them to stroke down into the valley there. Moaning softly now, she moved more onto her bum as I felt her open her legs in an invite for my fingers to explore her crotch. Through her knickers I felt the outline of her pussy, running my fingers around and over it, down the inside of her thighs and repeating. I pressed the material into it as much as I could, and for a moment she closed her legs to trap my hand. I waited till I felt her open them again so I could continue, then found the waist band and slowly tugged them down.

I explored it again feeling her wetness as I pushed my fingers inside, first two then a third to push then in and out feeling the folds of soft flesh. I couldn't hold on to my urgency much longer and got up, and taking her hand said, "Come on" and led her to the bedroom. She had to take small steps because of her knickers round her knees, and on the way she undid her skirt and let it fall to the floor. She sat on the bed and removed her knickers altogether as I quickly undid my trousers and took them off, followed by my shorts.

She laid there for a moment her legs slightly apart, her black stockings, garter straps, and the lace on the edge of her corset framing her pussy. As if feeling a bit self conscious, she placed a hand over her vagina as it awaited further attention from me.

As I approached her she climbed further onto the bed, I followed her on my hands and knees and she reached for my solid cock. I didn't let her touch it; I took hold of her by her wrists and placed her hands alongside her head as I crawled between her legs. Now with my weight on my knees and elbows, I brought my throbbing cock to her pussy, rubbing it a few time against the outside of it till the head found the entrance.

I didn't ram it home as I felt like, I recalled how she had inched herself down on to it the last time, so I just slid it into her slowly, a little at a time, each time going a little deeper till it was finally all the way inside her. As I was doing this she lifted her legs over my hips to lock ankles, and try to lift her hips to match my thrusts, pulling me deeper into her pussy. It was a most glorious feeling for me; unfortunately it didn't last long as my need was so great it only took a few strokes before I ejaculated. As my sperm pumped into her I'm sure I heard her groan, but she just lay there till my spurting finished. As we rolled on to our side she muttered, "Oh if you'd only held on for a few more strokes I could have matched you."

In the morning as before we did it again and I enjoyed a 'morning glory,' mounting her on our side and riding her good. Then while I dozed, she went and made breakfast for us. 

After breakfast she went and filled the bathtub with hot water, so we could enjoy a bath together. We washed each other making small talk, I asked her what she meant by her comment about matching me. She explained how the foreplay had been wonderful to bring her to a peak, but when we stopped to go to the bedroom it had subsided. Once I'd penetrated her, if I had only managed to shag her few more times before Cumming, she would have been brought back to her 'peak' and we could climax together. I didn't realize a woman's sex feelings could reach a peak the way a man and did and she explained it to me.

She seemed shy explaining these things to me, asking me if I wanked, and of course I admitted to doing it often. "Don't you think women like to do that too" she went on. I was astonished, I didn't know what to say, and never for the life of me did I think a woman could get randy to the point they would have to relieve themselves too. It didn't seem possible; I mean how could they do it? Thrust an object in and out of their vagina till they climaxed? (I'd never heard of dildos in those days). She saw the confusion on my face I suppose, and we sat silent as I let what she told me sink in.

"Let me show you something" she said, getting up on to the edge of the tub. She opened her legs to show me her pussy, opening her up I saw the pink folds of flesh disappearing into her tunnel of love, and above it that little nub of flesh she called a 'clitoris.' It was like a tiny teat the way she made it stand out, and then started to rub it. Occasionally dipping her fingers inside her pussy, she rubbed it in little circles till with a cry I saw her twitch as she had what she called an orgasm.

I felt deflated again, but she assured me it would get better as I learned more about women's feelings and needs, the secret was in to be able to control myself as well as taking time with the foreplay. She assured me she stilled enjoyed the feeling of a cock riding her, but in bed when there is no need to hurry. It was better to take one's time she said, "So we can both enjoy the trip and later the ride." 

After lunch we just lazed around watching television and chatting, as the week before we stayed naked, she was sitting next to me with her head on my shoulder and soon we started kissing again. She placed a hand on my thigh, and I felt her rake it lightly with her fingernails. My cock was soon rigid, and I opened my legs to let her wandering hand find its way to my balls. 

Cupping them gently, she looked into my eyes smiling, as if to gauge my reaction. Holding it by the base she leaned over to kiss the head before taking it in her mouth, then let me feel her lips on it as she put it in and out a few times. Suddenly she sat up and taking my hand said, "Come on" and led me back to her bed.

I lay down on my back to receive her attentions, she climbed up on her hands and knees turning round so when she lay down her head was in line with my cock and her thighs with my head. I turned on my side to accommodate her and soon felt the wonderful feeling of her tongue and lips moving up and down my cock. She took her time, occasionally stopping and waving it in the breeze before continuing. I reached an arm over her to hold her arse; I could smell her pussy, smelling the soap from her bath mixed with her juices. Placing my head on her thigh she moved one leg out of the way so now her love hole was just inches from my face.

Her attentions to my throbbing cock were beautiful, so it seemed only fitting I should kiss her pussy. Cautiously at first, I placed kisses on her belly button then down in through her pubic hair to just above her clitoris. Again I felt her move her upper thigh out of the way as if to accommodate me, now I kissed her nether lips, then feeling daring I probed the folds of flesh with my tongue. Holding me by my arse she deep throating my cock, and soon I felt that wonderful rush of sperm as I ejaculated. She gave me a moment to empty my seed into her mouth before swallowing it, continuing to hold my cock in her mouth.

We were gripping each other tight as I now penetrated her as much as I could with my tongue, then finding that little nubbin of flesh tongued and sucked it. A few moments later she gave a cry, and at the same dug her nails into my arse as she gripped me, holding still while she enjoyed her climax. Her juices had flowed heavily, so I waited till I felt her move off me. She turned around and came up and kissed me on my mouth, I had just cum in her mouth, my face covered with her pussy juices but it didn't seem to matter, she hugged and kissed me as a thank you.

We lay there just cuddling each other not saying much, just enjoying each other's company. I felt the need to do something for her, but didn't know what other than to invite her out to supper. "You don't have to do that" she said, "No I insist, so go get dressed in something nice and let's go."

We went out to a restaurant where we had a nice meal, and for the first time in my life I ordered wine with it. I made it sound like I knew what I was talking about; it just seemed the thing to do that made it special; I'd never even tasted wine before. 

After the meal we just strolled along the street, then stopped in a pub and had a couple more drinks before parting for the evening. This time before we parted we arranged to have a date on the Wednesday evening, which was the real beginning of a beautiful love affair.