 A smile swept across Eve's face as she glanced down at the clock. 4:55pm. Almost time to go home, almost time to start their weekly date night. She chuckled to herself, Adam had chosen Wednesday as their date night early on in their marriage, and had a lot of fun referencing "hump day" throughout the week as they approached their weekly date night. They had been married about a year, and had a very healthy, adventurous sex life, but they enjoyed a date night once a week. 

She enjoyed teasing him with her little black dresses and jewelry that hung perfectly down between her full breasts, typically made more prominent with one of her sexy push-up bras which she only wore on Wednesdays. 

She grinned to herself, thinking of how much fun she had last week lightly teasing his crotch with her stiletto. Adam had gotten so turned on, he was barely able to wait until they got home to take her, and he wound up fucking her hard in the garage as soon as the door had closed behind their car. A dark blush covered her cheeks as she remembered bucking back against him in the back seat as the windows steamed up all around them. Yes, they had a happy marriage, and the sex was incredible. 

Eve started to pack her computer as the clock struck 5pm, glancing around nervously, hoping that no one would stop her with extra work assignments on the way out. She ducked slightly and hurried down the hallway, dodging out a back entrance just as her boss turned the corner. She laughed to herself, shaking her head, something about that scene made her think back to the times when she had snuck out of her parent's house at the beginning of her relationship with Adam. She had lived with her parents throughout college, and she was around 23 when she began seeing Adam. She had never dated an older man, and had never really seen the appeal. She had her choice of the strong, 7% body fat types in college, but had found them slightly awkward and full of themselves. A friend of hers had told her about her fling with an older married man. While Eve found the cheating aspect of her story distasteful, she had been intrigued by her friend's tales of her sexual exploits with the man. 

As Eve got to her car, she remembered the way her friend blushed when she described the sex, Eve bit her lip as she remembered how wet she had gotten when her friend had described him going down on her. She ducked into her car, leaning back in the seat, closing her eyes as she thought back to the first time Adam did that to her. It was their second date, and Eve had clearly wanted to sleep with him, wearing her sexiest black lingerie and her push-up bra. She remembered how turned on she got as he had driven past her parent's house without saying a word. She had no idea where he was taking her until they had arrived at this massive house. She glanced up at the car mirror, noticing her cheeks were dark red as she let herself relax and relive the moment for a few minutes. She remembered how he had led her to the living room, and they had started kissing, she had let her hand fall into his lap to get a preview of what she would be working with, she could still remember that first groan. 

She thought for a moment that her getting to fuck an older guy might not have been half as exciting as it was for this 35 year old man who was about to get to ravage a 25 year old hot body college coed. She chuckled to herself as she remembered him grabbing her hand, and pulling it out of his lap. She had worried that she had done something wrong, and she remembered feeling how firmly he held her wrist. What happened next would set the tone for their entire relationship.

Adam had slowly laid her back, gripped her other wrist, pressed her hands above her head and held them firmly as he kissed her hungrily. She had tugged at her wrists, the strength of his grips had made her gasp. She had never been restrained in any capacity before, and had been slightly embarrassed at how much she enjoyed him holding her hands above her head. She remembered how loud she moaned as she felt him put his knee between her legs, grinding his thigh against her tiny black panties under her skirt, which had ridden up to her thighs. Her cheeks had flushed as her body betrayed her, grinding against his thigh, moaning loudly as she felt the outline of his thick shaft pressing against her own thigh as he kissed her harder. She had wanted him so badly right then, most men she had been with would not have waited another moment to fill her soaking pussy, but Adam made her wait, struggle, and beg for him. She never would have thought that would appeal to her, but that night had changed everything. 

Eve took a deep breath, slowly starting the car, glancing both ways before pulling onto the road. She tried to think about something else, but her mind kept drifting back to that night. She remembered him letting go of her wrists, and her nails instantly grasping his shoulders. She had never heard herself moan the way she did when his strong hand grasped down between her legs, grinding his thick palm against her wet panties, rubbing the soaking fabric down over her moist folds as she humped his hand urgently. She was not accustomed to having to wait for pleasure, and she had been looking forward to this since the day she had met him. She sucked in a deep breath, trying to relax herself as she drove, smiling as her mind drifted back to that day. 

Adam had been invited to be a guest speaker in one of her college classes. She was a teacher's pet, and would typically sit right up front. Since it was a Friday afternoon class, she had already been dressed to go out that night. She had gotten a kick out of the fact that Adam had been staring at her the entire time the first speaker was lecturing. She had given him a few looks, and shifted a few times to give him a better view, and to her surprise, he kept watching. She remembered thinking that he must be a very confident older guy, or extremely perverted. She chuckled to herself, realizing how funny it was that he turned out to be both. 

She swore she could see a bulge halfway down his thigh, but there was no way he was that big, though it had definitely got her curious. She remembered when it was his time to speak, and she had tried to make him uncomfortable by giving him even better views of her fantastic breasts. He had suddenly turned the table on her by calling on her just as she was bending over for towards him. She had turned bright red, unable to answer the question since she had not really been listening. She remembered being a little bit angry at him after that, and her teasing stopped, but he had cornered her after class to apologize, and likely to get a closer look. She had flirted lightly, and had gladly exchanged phone numbers with him, mostly just to tell her friends that she had been picked up by the guest lecturer. He had waited two weeks before calling the first time. They had talked for a week or two before finally going on that first date.

Eve cursed under her breath as she ran into traffic, checking her watch, pouting to herself as traffic slowed to a stop. She shook her head, closing her eyes for a moment, her mind drifted back to that first night at his house. She remembered her body writhing as he had dragged her panties down her thighs, she had almost begged him at that point, but had resisted. She chuckled softly, she had thought he was almost done teasing, and she couldn't have been more wrong. She remembered him kissing her thigh lightly as her body shook softly, his hands pushing her skirt up around her waist, and her eyes snapping open as his strong hands had gripped her wrists, tugging them down to her sides as she lay flat on the couch. He cheeks flushed as she remembered the look in his eyes as he slid his shoulders between her legs, spreading them wide. She had tugged at her wrists trying to get free, her back had arched so hard the moment she felt his warm mouth possess her pussy in a hungry kiss. She had never felt anything like the sensation of being held down and devoured, as his tongue flickered up against her g-spot, then plunged inward and lapped at her cervix. She shuddered as she remembered her body flailing and bucking urgently as he had pulled back to catch his breath, that is when the begging began. She had never begged anyone for anything, and she remembered thinking that it sounded like someone else's voice when she heard it. But it was definitely her, her pussy was soaking and her clit was buzzing wildly, and she couldn't help herself. She wanted his cock, and she wanted it now, but she had no idea that her begging would just make him enjoy taking his time that much more. Her whole body jerked instinctively as she remembered his lips wrapping around her swollen clit, sucking softly, then growling as the vibrations had torn through her body. Her hands yanked at his grips, but they had felt like steel cuffs. The only movements he afforded her were to buck against his mouth or arch her amazing breasts high into the air. 

Eve shook her head, snapping back into reality as the car behind her honked. Traffic was moving slowly again, and she focused her eyes on the road while her mind drifted back to that night, one hand gripping the wheel as the other dropped into her lap. She blushed as she slid her hand down between her legs, a little bit of prep might make date night even more fun, her cheeks darkened further as she pressed her fingertips against her panties. Her eyes fluttered slightly as she remembered his tongue thrusting back inside of her as he kissed her soaking pussy, she remembered cumming so hard at that moment, her toes had curled and her body contorted into a frantic arch as her orgasms had ripped through her. She had never heard herself scream like that, frantic cries mixed with unintelligible begging for his cock. She glanced down into her lap, eyes widening as she realized her hand had slipped under her panties instinctively as she drove. She bit her lip as she thought for a moment, deciding to continue, Adam would not mind if she was a little extra horny tonight, and she had not had this much fun driving home from work in quite a while.

Her mind drifted back to that night, she remembered giving up her fight for control and embracing his wish to continue with his mouth, her legs instinctively wrapping around his neck, locking her ankles behind it as she tugged his face closer. She had never had someone spend that much time down there, and was amazed at how quickly her orgasms continued to come. As she became more at ease with what he was doing, he decided to ratchet up the game a bit. She blushed as she remembered the first time he took her right to the edge, before pulling back and blowing warm air over her pulsing clit. He continued to dip his thick tongue inside of her, skillfully pressing each button as her body worked it's way to the edge, waiting until she started bucking urgently before pulling back each time. Her back arched wildly as he brought her to the edge over and over. She remembered the moment that he let go of her wrists, thinking it was over and he would finally fuck her, just before she felt his hand grip tight in her hair underneath her, pulling her into an intense arch on the couch, his mouth devouring her soaking pussy again while her body went spiraling over the edge, cumming violently as her body spasmed in the tight arch, her hands flailing and clawing at his shoulders as she fucked his face furiously. Her screams had been animalistic, and her body was sore by the time she collapsed onto the couch. 

Eve gulped hard, continuing her drive as she felt her fingertips brushing over her buzzing clit. She loved thinking about that first night, but it had been a long while since it had crossed her mind. She hadn't even realized at the time that she had given total control to Adam that night, she just thought she had amazing sex. It was probably three weeks later that she realized that she was never, ever in control when she was with him...and, to her surprise, she liked it that way.

She turned down a side road to get out of traffic and get home a little sooner, as her mind drifted back to what happened next. She remembered shaking on the couch, unable to move as he slowly undressed her. She usually liked to strip for the guy, making sure that he was enjoying her amazing body, but she was sore and in awe, and sat there gasping for breath as he took her clothes off slowly. He had brushed his lips down over hers as he took her breasts in his warm hands, she remembered tasting herself on his lips and moaning. Her eyes darkened as she remembered him kissing her chin, then pressing her head back with his lips as they dragged down her throat, his teeth grazing over her skin as he pushed his pants down. She thoroughly enjoyed being bitten, but this teasing with the teeth had driven her insane, and she remembered reaching down for his cock before his hands had gripped hers again, pinning them above her head as he gripped her throat in his mouth, sucking hungrily. Her eyes fluttered again as she thought about the feeling of his teeth sinking into her skin right as his hard cock pressed flat against her soaking pussy, her entire body shook as her fingertips grazed over her swollen clit again.

Eve slowed down slightly, taking a deep breath as she made a turn. His cock was so hard that night, she remembered him grinding it against her swollen clit while he sucked on her throat, holding her hands above her head as she quickly began begging again, her words betrayed her as she moaned uncontrollably. Her legs flexed against the gas pedal as she relived the moment that he positioned his cock against her and impaled her in one powerful thrust without warning, her body had felt like it was being torn apart, she had flailed and screamed and had cum the moment his swollen head had hit her cervix. Her pussy was so sore from the wild orgasms from before that he had felt enormous, and his rough thrusts did nothing to make him feel smaller. 

She had cum so hard that night as her ultra-sensitive pussy could feel the thick veins on his cock grinding against her clenching walls with each powerful thrust. She had wanted to tear at his back with her nails, but he held her pinned down tight against the couch as he fucked her. 

She had never felt anything like it, and her final relationship had officially begun that night. She slowly turned onto her road, making her way to the same house where it all began. She smiled to herself, knowing that she was with the Man she was meant to be with. It wasn't always perfect, but four years later they were still together, and they were about to embark on another date night that would probably give her another story that will make her wet for years. She chuckles as she slowly tugged her wet fingers from her panties, panting softly, she should wait for Adam to finish her.

As she pulled into the driveway, Eve parks her car next to Adam's, looking at it curiously, wondering why he got home before her...She walks into the house, glancing around curiously to see where Adam is...She peeks back out, nodding to herself as she sees his car, turning to shut the door when she suddenly feels a hand covering her mouth from behind as she is tugged back against a thick, warm chest, her body jerks back hard, her ass instantly feeling the thick bulge pressing tight against her ass...Her eyes widen as she begins to struggle, feeling his hand clutching over her mouth as she shrieks against his palm, free hand cupping her breast as he starts to drag her backwards...she quickly catches a glimpse of Adam in the mirror, dragging her backwards and begins to relax a bit, then starts to fight again as he drags her to the living room...he tugs open the buttons of her top as she struggles in his strong arm, bucking back against him, trying to get loose as her full breasts plunge out of the top in her sexy black lace bra...she gasps hungrily as she feels his thick bulge pushing tight against her sexy ass as he rips off her blouse, pushing her forward over the back of the couch as her hands fall to the cushions, gripping them tightly as she tries to squirm away from him, her pussy suddenly soaking wet as the struggle excites her, her breasts bouncing as she bucks and writhes back against him as his strong hand grips her back, holding her bent over the back of the couch, bucking frantically as she struggles against him...she feels him yank her skirt down the back of her thighs as she pants raggedly, her legs tensing as she struggles against him, unable to move as he pins her over the back of the couch, her soaking swollen pussy lips quickly soaking the tiny thong as the fabric clings to her swollen lips....she gasps loudly as he wraps his strong hand between her legs, squeezing possessively as he grinds the fabric down over her quivering swollen pussy lips as she writhes frantically, feeling the soaking fabric clinging to her swollen clit as jolts rip through her with each movement...her hands clutching at the couch cushions as she lets out a hungry moan as she hears him pushing his pants down, feeling his thick cock plunging out against her sexy ass, then she starts to fight again, throwing her hands back, trying to push his hips away as she feels his thick, throbbing cock rubbing hard against the back of her ass...she shrieks as his fists suddenly grip her hands pinning them to her lower back as she struggles frantically against him, his thick shaft rubbing harder up and down against the back of her tiny thong as she feels the veins pressing out against the tender skin of her tight ass...

He slides his arm underneath hers, clutching them both behind her with one strong arm as she struggles back against him, panting and gasping for breath as her arms flex wildly against his grips...she shrieks, her eyes darkening as she feels his free hand dragging her soaking thong down the back of her thighs as she tries to clench her legs together as tightly as she can, crossing her legs as he bends her deeper over the back of the couch....her eyes widen as she arches her back, letting out a wild moan as she suddenly feels his thick, hard cock grinding between her crossed legs, slowly stretching her pussy so tight as he feels so thick with her legs crossed...his thick shaft stretching her wildly as it slides slowly into her soaking, clenching pussy walls as her body instantly tenses in the wild arch, her breasts heaving as she bites her lip, trying desperately not to cum as she feels every single vein grinding slowly against her clenching walls as she grips his thick shaft so tightly, squeezing her legs together tighter as he entire body instinctively tenses....

Her hands opening and closing frantically as she tries to grasp anything she can as he clutches her hands behind her back, her head tossing from side to side as her moans come flowing out uncontrollably as she feels him dragging his thick cock back out, veins tugging against her clenching walls as she lifts herself onto her tip toes as they curl wildly...she shrieks out as she writhes frantically, feeling every single movement as he slowly pops his thick swollen head in and out of her clenching, soaking entrance as her mind races, back arching as hard as she can as her breasts thrust into the air....she hears herself screaming even before she realizes her explosion is ripping through her as his free hand suddenly squeezes her swollen clit tight as he slams his thick shaft deep inside of her, impaling her tight pussy as he grinds her spasming clit wildly between his thick fingertips.....she squeals and shrieks as her body thrashes ferociously in his arms as her orgasms rip through her body violently, lifting one leg and kicking wildly as she feels her body tear in half with the wild, frantic orgasms as his thick cock pounds roughly into her spasming pussy, her arms flexing so hard as her breasts bounce wildly, her screams increasing in pitch as she feels his swollen head start bouncing rapidly against her cervix as her entire body jerks and spasms hard with each powerful stroke, thrusting her body back against him instinctively as she feels his thick cock tensing wildly inside of her, stretching her so tight as she clenches her legs together again, her eyes rolling back in her head as his thick cock impales her tight pussy so deep as she clenches every muscle around his hard cock, screaming out as she suddenly feels his hot cum blasting against her cervix without warning...
