 Seth sat in the fifth row in theater. He watched and was almost mesmerized by the dancing nymph performing on stage. The theater was large, and the ceiling was high. There were several balconies lining the gigantic establishment. A large chandelier hung from the ceiling, emitting a very low light on the audience.

Applause rang out across the room as the ballet came to its conclusion. People stood up giving the performers a standing ovation. Seth stood as well, clapping his hands. His ice blue eyes were still upon her, the beauty of the stage. She was amazing. Even walking she had the grace and elegance of a goddess. He reached up running his long fingers through his thick, medium length, brown hair. 

Akordia Lirit was one of the most well known dancers in northern Europe. Seth fell for her the moment he laid eyes on her. Every curve of her body as she danced seemed as if it were painted by a perfectionist. He watched as she bent at the waist taking a bow. His eyes drifted over her slender form, lingering on her small well rounded backside. He shook his head. He just wasn't sure he could hide in the shadows much longer. His need for her was growing and he was finding it more and more difficult to fight his wicked urges. 

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Akordia moved off stage. She wore a rather tight light blue leotard and she was itching to get out of it. She loved dancing and though the attire was light and airy it was tight and revealing. She glided down the hall to the dressing rooms. As she moved along, she reached up unpinning her long raven black hair, letting the silken strands fall down her back in a mass of curls. 

It wasn't just the leotard that had her moving so quickly. She wanted to see what her secret admirer had left for her in the dressing room this time. She smiled and nibbled her bottom lip anxiously as she moved down the hallway. She couldn't believe it had been six months sense the first time she received something from him. There were always three roses, and a little note. Of course being the person she was she had many admirers. But none like him. He was always so smooth with the way he wrote his letters. They were romantic. The letters made her heart beat quicken, and her blood run hot through her veins. 

Never once had Akordia responded to his letters, but he still kept leaving them. She bounced lightly on the balls of her feet as she struggled to get her dressing room door open. She felt like a young child waking up on Christmas morning, and all of her gifts were just beyond the dressing room door. 

Akordia pushed the door open, not bothering to close it. Her eyes shifted straight to the desk against the wall where she saw the three bright red roses she'd been waiting for. She let out a tiny giggle and ran toward them. She felt a little childish but she couldn't seem to help herself. She seemed to have a crush on a man who she didn't even know. She didn't know what he looked like; even his name was a mystery to her. But it just didn't matter. He was her secret admirer. She reached down and picked up the small white card that lay over the steams of the roses. 

Anxiously, Akordia opened the card ... but there was nothing there. Not a single scribble of ink. She pouted, her bottom pink lip jutting outward. What was her admirer up to tonight? He had left the roses as he always did, but he wrote nothing in the card. She leaned her hip against the desk looking down at the card rather disappointed. 

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

A smile curled the edges of Seth's mouth as he stood in the door way of her dressing room. He was enjoying the view of her back toward him. His eyes moved up her body, taking in the alluring sight of her slender legs and slightly muscular thighs, her round firm bottom, and narrow hips. He loved her hair; normally she danced with it up in a tight bun. But now that it was down and he was starting to fantasize about running his fingers through it.

Seth reached into the pocket of his jacket pulling out a long thick piece of black cloth. Quietly he stepped forward. He was almost saddened by the look of disappointment she had as she look down at the blank card, but her disappointment would soon come to a pleasurable end. He moved up behind her and quickly placed the blind fold around her head, over her beautiful sapphire eyes. 

Akordia nearly jumped out of her skin as she felt the cloth slide over her eyes. Who in their right mind would wander into her dressing room and . . . it hit her then, as his finger tips ran gently down her face. She took in a shuddering breath. This was why her admirer had not written anything in his card. She heard him move away from her and shut the door. She jumped at the sound. A slight tinge of fear ran through her as she heard the lock turn. She really didn't know this man, for all she knew he could be a psychotic rapist. 

Seth moved back to her after locking the door. He ran his hands over her shoulders and down her arms. "Don't be afraid, my love. The moment you ask me to stop I will." He whispered the words into her ear. His breath was hot against her cool skin. Seth smiled as he watched her. He was afraid she would immediately tell him to stop, but she said nothing.

Feeling his lips so close to her ear, Akordia shivered. She considered telling him to stop, but if he was a psychotic rapist he wouldn't tell her he would stop if she asked him to. Besides, she was rather enjoying this. She could not see him, didn't even know what he looked like but somehow it didn't matter. He was so close to her. Akordia took a trembling step back so her body pressed against the front of his.

Seth took in a sharp breath feeling her back press against his body. Her round firm little ass rubbed against him nuzzling in to the cradle of his hips. He reached up brushing a bit of her black hair to the side. He began to kiss at her neck, her skin was so soft, it was even better then he had imagined. He nibbled lightly at that most sensitive spot where her neck met her shoulder. 

Akordia bit down hard on her bottom lip. She whimpered, the sound seeming to almost echo through the large dressing room. Every part of her body seemed to become engulfed in flames the moment his lips made contact with her bare skin. The thought of not knowing what he looked like or what he might do next sent waves of excitement dancing through her body like tiny bolts of electricity. She tilted her head to the side giving him better access.

"Do you know who I am, my love?" His voice was deep and melodic with a thick accent. It sounded almost Romanian.

She smiled as her imagination took flight and thought perhaps it was Dracula who stood behind her seducing her. "You're my admirer." her voice was hardly above a whisper as she was simply unable to speak properly. She had a hard time getting any words to form. 

Seth smiled and continued to kiss along her neck. His hands moved to her narrow waist pulling her against him more so that she could feel his hard-on straining against the fabric of his pants. He wanted to see what was hidden beneath that leotard. His hands slid slowly up her sides and then to her arms. He gripped the leotard along her shoulders and gently began to peel it off of her, pulling it down along her body and exposing her bare back to him. 

The cool air hit Akordia's heated skin causing her to shiver under his nimble fingers. She felt his hands begin to move over her skin, caressing her softly. His hands were magical, almost electric as they slid along her skin. It was as if little tiny bolts of lightening zapped from his skin to hers and then back again.

The air seemed thick in the room. It was almost hard for Seth to breath. He was moving very slowly, exposing just a tiny bit of her skin at a time so he could take in every feature, every dimple, and mole. He wanted her body to be imprinted in his mind for all time. 

He moved the thin material off of her arms and then to her waist. He got to his knees behind her pulling the offending leotard further down her body; exposing her bare ass to him. He leaned forward and started to kiss at the small of her back as he carefully pulled the leotard down her legs.

The moment the leotard slipped off her body her large dark pink nipples hardened. She ran her hands down her body, even touching her own skin sent waves of desire lapping at her already heated body. She let out a small whimper feeling him kiss at the small of her back. The fact that she didn't even know him was exciting making it feel as if liquid fire ran through her veins. She was trembling with anticipation. When the leotard fell to her ankles she stepped out of it and kicked it aside with her small foot. 

Seth was pleasantly surprised to see that she was wearing nothing under the leotard. But then again he doubted she would have been able to. It was too tight and would have shown a bra or panty line. He stood back up running his hands up her body. His lips found her neck again and he trailed kisses to her ear and whispered to her. "Tell me you want me Akordia." 

"I want you." Akordia's voice held a sense of urgency, as if she was unable to wait much longer. There wasn't a hint of hesitation.

There seemed to be some sort of electricity between them, fueling their desires, igniting their passions. Seth had only known this woman through her dancing, but he was amazed by the intense feelings he had now. He took a step back and removed his jacket tossing it aside. He then removed his tie and started to unbutton his white dress shirt. 

Akordia could hear him fussing with his own clothing. She didn't take the blind fold off, still rather enjoying the feeling of the unknown. She turned carefully placing her hand on the desk next to her to steady herself. She was facing him now, she could tell. Reaching out blindly she placed a hand on his chest. She could feel he was still wearing his shirt, but it was unbuttoned now. Akordia reached out with her other hand and she started to touch and caress his chest and abdomen. He was slender, and muscular, that much she could tell. He also had no chest hair and his skin was soft and smooth.

Seth groaned as Akordia touched him. Her hands left a trail of burning tongues licking along his skin in their wake. His black dress pants were beginning to feel tight and uncomfortable as his large member strained against the material. Every second that passed was a deep pleasurable agony. 

Her hands glided up his body to his neck, her fingertips touched his strong jaw lightly. She liked what she felt so far. Akordia nibbled her bottom lip and moved forward pressing her lips to his chest. She realized then that he was a great deal taller then she was, at least six inches. She ran her hands back over his chest and then to his shoulders sliding the shirt off of his body. 

Seth smiled. He knew now that she really wanted this, perhaps as much as he did. There was a fire in him that was building hotter with her every touch. He placed his hands on her waist and he pulled her against him. Lifting one of his hands he found her chin and tipped her face up. His mouth found hers in a greedy, hungry kiss. His tongue pushed past her lips and danced with hers. She tasted liked warm honey and spring time. His tongue swam in her mouth probing every corner finding each hidden spot. 

Reaching up, Akordia wrapped her arms around his neck pressing her breasts against him as their lips met; her hard aching nipples brushing against his strong muscular chest. He was an amazing kisser making her weak and wanting. She hoped this would not be the only night her secret admirer came to visit. She didn't want this to end. She could feel in his kiss alone the passion that lurked within his soul. As his body pressed harder against her, she could feel how hard he was. She let out a small chuckle behind the kiss and her hands moving up, fingers running through his soft hair.

He ran his finger tips down the center of her back, causing her to squirm against him. Every cell in his body seemed to be screaming, seemed to be want to reach out and touch her. He didn't know how much teasing he was going to be able to endure. This woman was setting him on fire. He broke the kiss and started to kiss along her shoulder, his teeth scrapping along her fair skin. One of his hands began to venture down her body toward her heated core, which he hoped would be wet, and inviting. 

Akordia whimpered again as she felt his teeth graze her skin. She could feel his hand sliding near forbidden area's of her body. Every muscle in her body became rigid with anticipation. What was he going to do with her next? "I don't know how much more of this I can take," she whispered softly, her voice trembling,

He could hear the almost pleading tone in her voice, the need to be taken and pleasured. His fingertips tickled along her soft, slightly muscular thighs. Then he found the silken patch of black curls between her legs. His index finger parted the folds of her pussy lips, and he started to rub at her moist slit. She was wet, dripping. He started to back her up toward the desk. 

Akordia let out a soft moan of pleasure as he probed between her thighs. His finger had found the core of her pleasure, teasing her all the more. As she backed up toward the desk she felt the cold wood against her backside. She wiggled back onto the desk sitting on the edge, as he continued to kiss at her shoulders. The desk seemed just the right height too for all sorts of naughty pleasures. Her hands quickly moved down his body. She still wore the blind fold, she couldn't even tell if the lights were on, or off. She took a hold of the front of his dress pants and then started to fumble with the button and fly, trying to free his swelling cock. 

With groan Seth removed his finger from her dripping pussy. It was a bit difficult for him to probe with his fingers when she was at that angle. He looked down watching as she fumbled with his pants. His eyes were on her watching her every move with an intense gaze. "Tell me what you want, Akordia." His voice was raspy as she pushed his pants off of his hips and they fell to his ankles. 

"I want you inside me." Her voice was deeper now and sultry. She wanted him, she needed him badly. She knew how wet she was, she knew how much this man, this stranger was turning her on, lighting fires inside of her that she didn't even know could be sparked. 

Seth moved his hands to his own waist pulling his boxer-briefs off of his hips. He reached down stroking himself some. Akordia reached out and wrapped her slender fingers around his long hard shaft. He gasped feeling her touching him. She started to stroke him, the head of his cock tickling against her clit as she did so. Her other hand reached up to the back of his neck pulling him down so she could whisper in his ear. "I want you to fuck me." She nipped playfully at his ear lobe.

He pushed her hand away from his swollen cock and with one fast thrust he entered her, with a low groan. She was incredibly tight, more so then he expected. One of his hands moved to her breast grabbing it firmly. He rolled her hard pink nipple between his thumb and index finger.

Akordia screamed, not only in pleasure but in pain. She had not made love to a man in a long time, and he was much larger then she thought he was when she was stroking him. Her inner walls gripped him tightly. His hand on her breast, teasing her nipple caused a low moan to roll from between her luscious lips. Seth started to move out of her, and then he slammed his hips back into hers again. 

They moaned almost in unison. Both their bodies began to moisten with a thin layer of sweat brought on by the intense heat building between them. As Akordia's tight pussy adjusted to his size he started to move faster. His hips smacked against hers with every pleasurable thrust. 

One of her hands moved to his back, her nails started to dig into his flesh as wave after wave of pleasure lapped at her body. Her other hand tangled in his hair. She pulled his head down so she could feel her lips against his. This time it was her tongue that pushed past his lips. 

Seth grabbed a hold of both her thighs. Pushing him self into her and then pulling out. He could feel the pressure in his cock building already. He groaned under the kiss, he could feel her tightening around him. He knew that the pressure in her was building probably just as fast. He tore his lips from hers and bent his head to her neck biting at her skin hard. 

Her nails dug into his back and scalp as he bit her. She screamed out tilting her head to the side giving him more room. He was plunging into her deeper and harder now. She could feel herself coming to the edge, she was nearly there. A shiver ran up her spine.

Seth felt her tighten more around his throbbing cock. He started to move faster, releasing the grip he had on her neck. One of his hands moved up her back and through her hair. Finally feeling the silky strands he so longed to touch earlier. Her moans grew louder as he continued to thrust in and out of her tight core juices dripping out of her pussy and around his throbbing cock. 

Akordia threw her head back and screamed out loudly. Her orgasm hit her hard and fast nearly catching her off guard. Her nails dug deep into his skin as explosions seemed to go off in her head. She could feel her juices spilling over him, lubricating her entrance even more for him and wetting the desk beneath her. She's never had an orgasm so intense in her life. Her inner walls contracted and pulsed around him attempting to milk the pleasure from him. 

The moment he felt her start to orgasm he slammed harder into her small seemly delicate body. He groaned loudly feeling her tighten around him and pulse hard. He nearly came right then and there but he bit down hard on his lip. He was not ready to stop fucking her yet. He never wanted to stop. He reached up pulling the blind fold off of her. 

She looked at him now, for the first time. Her Sapphire eyes were only half open and filled with passion. She was surprised by the way he looked. He was shockingly handsome. His ice blue eyes seemed to dig right into her soul. She continued to shake with after shocks. Her moans echoed through the dressing room. She licked at her suddenly dry lips as their eyes locked. 

Seth just couldn't stop looking into her stunning eyes. He liked her much better without the blind fold. Her lust filled gaze seemed to hold his captive. He felt every muscle in his body begin to tense. He could not hold back any longer. He had to let go. He groaned as he started climax, his cum shooting deep inside of her. His thrusts slowed but he started to go into her harder, feeling the sizzling white hot lightning of pleasure pulsing through his veins.

"Akordia!" He moaned her name as his climax hummed through his body. His eyes never once left hers. Sweat began to trickle down the side of his face. His thrusts slowing all the more as their combined juices dripped out of her in a slow steady trickle, but he didn't pull out of her. He loved the feeling of being buried inside of her. He leaned forward nuzzling his head lightly against her shoulder breathing heavily.

Akordia smiled wrapping her arms tightly around him holding him close to her as if they had been long time lovers. Together they took in ragged breathes attempting to control their breathing. One of her hands went up and she began to stroke his now damp hair. "What's your name?" She asked, still panting for air.

"Seth."