 It had been a tough day at work. Nothing out of the ordinary happened. There were just a lot of things coming down pretty hard on him. Mike's boss had given him a hard time about the special publication they were trying to put out. Mike's writers were giving him a hard time about the amount of stories they had to write, including for the special publication. Mike was getting it from both sides and he was pretty tired. 

Mike was a young guy, but he was in a pretty high position – managing editor – of a small newspaper in an even smaller town. At 26 years old, Mike had been in that position for just over a year. At first, he enjoyed the responsibilities and being able to say he was the boss. But in the last couple months, things seemed to have gotten a bit more difficult. The days were becoming longer and there was more and more work that needed to be done every day. 

As he walked into his apartment, he didn't even bother to change out of his work clothes. All he did was untuck his shirt. His tie stayed on, his loafers stayed on. He was too tired to even bother with putting something more relaxing on. All that came off was his jacket, which he slung over a chair in the dining room, placing his bag on the same chair. He threw a frozen pizza in the over, went to the bathroom and started to set his laptop up in the TV room. When the pizza was done, he threw it on a plate, cut it up and plopped down in front of the television and his laptop, eating his pizza. 

Once he finished his dinner, he still didn't move, exhausted from his day. The TV stayed on and he surfed the internet aimlessly, too tired to even get up to go to bed. It was the middle of the week. He had nothing better to do tonight. His friends would not be trying to drag him out to the bar. That would come in a day or two. Tonight, he was able to just veg out on the couch and recuperate from his exhaustion. 

As the television networks got into their prime time scheduling, Mike drifted in and out of consciousness. He was just awake enough to hear a knock at his apartment door.

"It's nine o'clock... who's knocking on my door?" he thought, before he bellowed out for the knocker to come on in. He was even too tired to get up and open the door. Whoever was at the door heard his invitation, however, and Mike could hear the door open and shut. 

He craned his neck to see who had come into the room and was shocked at what he saw: a gorgeous young lady, no taller than 5'3" and radiating more energy than Mike could imagine mustering right then. 

"Wow, you didn't even get up to greet me. You must not have missed me as much as I missed you."

Mike tried to respond to the brunette walking towards him. Sidney was a girl that lived in his building. She was still in school, going for her masters, and just a couple months younger than Mike. The two had hit it off pretty quickly. They met in the laundry room of their building and within a week were sleeping together. Neither one considered to be dating the other, but they were always available for a roll in the hay. Sidney had been on a break from school and away for the last five days. 

"What are you doing back so soon?" was what Mike had tried to say in response. But as Sidney walked over to where he was on the couch, she straddled Mike, leaned down onto him and kissed him before he could finish the sentence. All that got out was, "what are you mmmmph..."

He wrapped his arms around Sidney, holding her tightly. If he could have drawn her closer, he would have. But she was already pressing up against him tightly. He could feel her breasts pressing against his chest as her tongue darted around his mouth, dancing with his. As tired as he was, he got a burst of adrenaline with each breath he took in through his nose. 

After a couple minutes of making out, Sidney pushed herself away from him.

"Hi," she said, her smile contagious.

"Hi." Mike smiled for the first time since he walked into his apartment. "Of course I missed you Sid."

He ran his hands up and down her sides, slipping his hands underneath her T-shirt, giving him the opportunity to feel her skin.

Sidney adjusted on Mike's lap, rubbing her crotch against his. The bulge in Mike's pants had gotten bigger in the last couple minutes. Sidney leaned into Mike, moving her lips to his ear, still teasing Mike's cock with subtle movements. 

"I can tell," she purred. "But I want you to show me how much."

As she finished the sentence, she wrapped her lips around Mike's earlobe, sucking on it, licking it and slightly nibbling on it. Mike let out a moan, enjoying the feel of her mouth on his ear. 

Mike knew what Sidney meant. She didn't want to waste time with much foreplay. They would get to that some other time. She wanted sex and she wanted it soon. Mike was happy to oblige. 

His hands still on her hips, resting under her T-shirt, Mike started to run his hands up Sidney's body, bringing the T-shirt with him. Sidney didn't object, raising her arms up to let her T-shirt run up over her head and off her body. As Mike fiddled with her bra, she ran her hands over his shirt, taking off his tie, then unbuttoning down until she was able to slip the shirt off his shoulders. They were both topless now, and Sidney kissed Mike again, pressing her naked breasts into Mike's chest. Her nipples were getting harder, and they were both getting hotter. 

Sidney stood up on the couch, undid the buckle on her belt and then her jeans as Mike did the same. Mike slipped his slacks off under Sidney, taking his boxer shorts with them. Sidney stepped off the couch and dropped her pants down to the floor. Mike sat there, watching her. He looked her up and down, from her C-cup tits to her nearly completely shaved pussy, with just a racing stripe leading down to her hole, which was already very obviously wet. 

Before he could make a move, Sidney leaned down and grabbed Mike's cock, tugging it and pulling Mike up.

"Come on, stud," she cooed. "Let's go somewhere more comfortable."

As they started towards the bedroom, Mike grabbed Sidney's arm and stopped her, turning her around. Mike pulled Sidney closer to him. She started to protest, but this time it was Mike cutting her off, jamming his tongue down her throat. Sidney didn't complain, returning the kiss with as much passion as she received. 

As their tongues continued to duel, Mike moved his hands to Sidney's ass, grabbing her tightly, bringing her close and lifting her off her feet. She wrapped her legs around his waist as she lowered herself onto his cock. Already very wet, he slipped inside her with ease. They both let out a moan into each others' mouth as Mike brought Sidney against the closest wall he could find. 

Gripping her ass, he pounded into Sidney's pussy with a fervor as he nibbled on her neck, on her earlobe, kissing her shoulder. Sidney hands went from the back of Mike's head to his back. As his pace quickened, her nails dug into his back. She got hotter with each thrust.

"Oh, God, Mike.... I'm soooo close."

He didn't respond. He just kept attacking her pussy, pushing up inside of her harder and harder. He started to feel Sidney shake. Her legs tensing up, her pussy tightening around Mike's cock. He knew she was close. And with the continued thrusts, Mike sent Sidney over the edge.

"Uuuuuuuugggggghhhhhhhhh," she screamed, her nails digging into Mike's back. He slowed down her pace, with slow, deliberate strokes, letting her enjoy her orgasm. 

"Oh, God. OH, I missed this cock," she cooed, kissing Mike's neck. "But let's move into the bedroom, huh?"

"Anything you want, sweetie." Mike moved away from the wall, his cock never leaving her, bringing her into his bedroom and eased her down onto the bed, slipping out of her hot, wet hole. 

"Mmmm, what are you doing?" She didn't hide the fact that she was upset at his cock leaving her body. 

"Just one second sweetie," as he opened up the drawer in the nightstand, taking out a condom. Before it was even out of the drawer, he had ripped the wrapping open and had taken it out. As he kneeled on the bed, towering over her, he slipped the condom on. Once that was done, his attention went back to Sidney. 

"Alright, then," he said, a smile overtaking his face. "You got to cum. Now it's my turn. You know how I wanna do it."

She did. She matched the smile on his face as she turned over onto her hands and knees, lifting her ass in the air. Mike came closer to Sidney, rubbing his hands over her ass, massaging it as he slowly brought his cock back into her pussy.

"Aaaaaahhhhh." 

She cried out as he started to fuck her from behind. At first, he slammed into her as he held her by her hips. She pushed back, matching each thrust that came her way. After a few thrusts, Mike's right hand slipped around to Sidney's front, finding her clit. He massaged it in time with his thrusts and Sidney's panting began to increase again. 

"You like that, sweetie? You enjoying this, Sid?" Sidney let out a moan to let Mike know she did. 

"I want you to cum for me again. I want you to come with me."

Sidney's moaning helped Mike get closer to his orgasm. He kept thrusting into Sidney, flicking her clit with his right hand. She let out a guttural scream as another orgasm swept over her. As Sidney came over Mike's cock, he couldn't hold it in any longer, spewing into the condom, filling it up. 

Sidney collapsed onto her stomach, Mike slipping out of her. He managed to pull the condom off before falling onto the bed. He reached over to Sidney and pulled her into him, her back to him, spooning together. Mike's arms wrapped around her body and Sidney overlapped her arms onto his as they got comfortable on the bed. 

"I guess you did miss me," she purred, before they drifted off to sleep.