 It wasn't even several minutes before he felt her naked body stir against him. He gently pulled her closer, breathing in the sweet smell of her hair as it lay clinging to her breast. He couldn't resist and brushed his thumb across her nipple watching it harden while he gently pushed her hair away, reviling more, more for him to touch, kiss, lick...Damn, he swore, knowing he should put these thoughts from his mind. She was sleeping after all. Yet here he was wide awake and wanting to devour her once again. He had quit trying to figure out his desire for her; it was present and simmering and he wasn't about to stop it. It had been far too long that he had felt such a craving for a woman and he had been enjoying it too much to stop now. 

Lying together with her butt pressed up against his stirring erection was making it even more difficult to sleep. The way she kept moving against him it was almost like she was telling him to take her, even in her sleep. He quickly laughed at that thought, sleeping and awake at the same time. No, he decided. She probably wasn't even aware of what she was doing. It was when she took his hand and placed it to her breast that he realized, sleeping or not, she wanted him.

He softly lifted the hair from behind her neck and kissed the back of it. He smiled when she let out a heated sigh coaxing him further. His hand cupped her breast, squeezing just enough to get a soft moan from her. When he did it again, he made sure to rub the nipple a bit more firmly and got the reaction he had hoped for. Her butt pushed back against him, this time rubbing his erection to fully harden. Her head turned just enough for him to kiss her lips and feel the heat rising steadily between them. 

Her tongue brushed against his, she moaned softly while his hand traveled down the length of her belly sending shivers throughout her body. When he reached the softness between her legs, she practically jumped at his touch. Now his smile widened and sleep or no sleep, he was going to have her. By the wetness he felt when he spread the lips of her desire and gently slipped his fingers deep inside her, he knew she was just as ready for him as he was for her. Adam continued pushing his fingers deep in and out, causing a rocking motion between them. Her moans came more often, more heated and when his thumb brushed across her swelling clit, her hand reach back and grabbed the cheek of his ass. Her nails bit gently into his ass intensifying the feelings that were now raging inside him. 

This time it was him that let out a gasp at the same time feeling his erection push harder against her buttock. Damn, if he didn't slow down, he wouldn't even get it in before he came. He turned her to face him, wanting to feel all of her nakedness against his. With one hand behind her head and another cupping her butt cheek, his mouth came down on hers. Her hands wrapped around his neck pulling his head closer while her body pushed hard against his. 

Jesse felt the tip of his erection at her belly, hard swollen and hot. She moved, wrapping a leg around his waist and positioned herself so that he could enter her. The grin on his face let her know he understood she was awake and wanted him, as if her life depended on it.

The heat between the two was now impossible to cool off. Adam gently entered her, she moaned and raised her hips to meet his thrust. He was excitedly surprised by her wonton ways and he quickly picked up the paced. Before long he was above her with her legs wrapped tightly around his waist and his penis buried deep inside her hot wet pussy.

He slowed his pace teasing her while her hands cupped the cheeks of his ass, quickly encouraging him to pick up the tempo. He could feel her warm breath against his chest. She in turn felt the strength and desire in each thrust he made. Both were breathing hard, their hearts beating rapidly as they made love hard, long, completely satisfying each of their own desires. 

They came together, something neither was accustomed to in a partner and this only stirred them further. Their climax had left them both panting, shaking and fulfilled, totally, another thing neither of them had found in previous partners. Words were not needed to express what they felt, they would just complicate things. Adam and Jesse were tired of complicated for awhile, although neither knew just how complicated things were for the other. 

Adam turned on his side pulling her to him keeping his arm wrapped around her waist and inhaled deeply her scent once again before drifting off to sleep. Jesse rested her arm on top of his and fell asleep, smiling peacefully, something she rarely felt other than with him.

Jesse woke, slipping quietly out of bed so not to wake Adam; she had only been asleep an hour or so. Her mind raced with all the things that were about to happen and thinking of Adam, she realized how desperately she wanted to trust him. But, there was too much at stake and too much to loose now for her to change her course of action and trusting him would only complicate things a lot more. She quietly slipped into her robe and closing the bedroom door, she headed for the kitchen. 

After pouring herself some orange juice and turning the coffee on, she went outside and lay in one of the lounge chairs. The sun would be coming up soon and she loved being outside this time of morning. Everything smelled fresh, there was a peacefulness in how quiet it was. The dew on the grass and flowers would soon have their own shine from the morning sun.

Jesse took a deep breath and just tried to gather her thoughts for the few moments of peace she probably would have for quite some time. Unfortunately all her mind wanted to think about was Adam and how all this was going to affect their relationship.

Adam, besides the obvious good looks and charming nature, had her a bit more perplexed than she was use to and she didn't want to admit that he was getting to her. She damn sure wasn't going to admit it out loud anyway. How she swore another man would never enter her heart again, yet here she was with 'Mr. Gorgeous' sleeping peacefully not far, practically overwhelmed by the emotions that tugged at her heart every time she thought of him. She wondered how he would react when he found out the truth about everything, would he hate her, despise her or love her more for what she had done. She prayed it would be the latter. Love, is that really what she wanted from him? Is that what she was feeling? She quickly brushed off that emotion; it was a feeling much too hard for her to deal with, at least for now she told herself.

"So will I ever wake up and find you in bed with me?" Adam stood leaning against the open patio door. 

"That's something I guess we will just have to wait and see," she smiled, replying quietly.

She openly starred at him with his bare chest showing signs of a deep tan. He was only wearing a pair of shorts and his hair fell freely unlike the usual ponytail he had. He need only ask and she was his; and this thought terrified her. She had grown so use to controlling everything, the feelings he had stirred in her made her unsure how long she could, or rather would control their situation. Why, she thought, did life get so complicated at the same time it needed not be. 

"Does that job opening include waiting on you?" he asked after several minutes having poured them both a cup of coffee, setting it on the table next to her before sitting down.

"Thank you, and no, it doesn't mean waiting on me. I'm sorry if I woke you up, it is pretty early."

"I'm use to getting up about now, well actually I should say going to bed about now, after work that is." He smiled, his eyes sparkled in the morning light. "So what deep thoughts are running thru that pretty little head of yours? I'm almost afraid to ask. You still haven't answered my question about that job opening."

"Why are you so worried about me? And don't tell me you're not, I'm not blind any more than you are. You already know I watch you as much as you watch me." She finally said and for the first time, she felt herself letting go, being open and honest with him. As much as it frightened her, it was more than a relief and seeing the look on his face, she gathered he too was relieved.

"Whatever it is you're planning, you're up against some rough characters. You know it, I know it, but the thing I don't know is what are your plans."

"Are you asking me about the plans, or maybe about what your role in them is going to be," again she said, this time enjoying the surprised look in his eyes at her candor.

"Well, at least that answers one question, I apparently do have a role here." he stated as he brought his cup to his lips and took a sip. His eyes never strayed from hers. "Jesse, we've been too close to start playing 20 questions. You already know I care about you, and I'm pretty sure you care about me. But I'm past young love games and all that. My thoughts on love aren't far from what yours are, calling it crap I think were the words you used. One man has already died and you have a pretty good idea as to why. My guess is that it was intended to scare you, obviously not the kind of tactics you're used to dealing with. So is that the reason for the bodyguard?"

"By now Gerald knows I recently purchased a large piece of prime property, one of which he intended to buy and use for a mall or something like that. I have no use for any more malls. The community needs something more than that; something they can participate in along with make money at. I have come up with a plan to do that, my donation is the property to do it." Jesse sighed heavily, as if letting the world fall off her shoulders. She watched closely for his reaction.

"I would expect in big business dealings, this should be something the both of you are accustomed to dealing with. Although, I can see where he might not like you giving away what sounds like a very expensive piece of property. I still don't get why you think you need a body guard for that, unless its because of what happened to Tim. And you haven't clued me in on that either, not really." 

"Tim shouldn't have died, he was just following orders and if Gerald can disregard all that man did for him and have him killed off, what will stop him from doing the same to me. Especially when he finds out what I plan on doing with the property." 

Jesse now looked curiously at Adam and was totally confused by his demur. He hadn't reacted in shock at her proposal. He really was acting quite the adult wanting to talk to her about it; this wasn't what she was use to. 

"Regardless of what he thinks or feels, there still are laws and he is obliged to follow them. He eventually will get caught, that is if he is doing something wrong. It still doesn't explain the bodyguard position and if he really wanted to..."

"Just like I could get him as well..." She interrupted him, the coldness of her statement all too obvious. "There are other people I'm more worried about. This project can help a lot of people, but if he starts going off, scaring them or worse hurting them, then this whole idea isn't worth it, or is it. Caught between a rock and a hard place I guess."

Adam, watched with a keen eye, noticing how relaxed she seemed when talking about her own demise, but not surprise by the deep concern she showed for the others involved, who ever they may be he thought to himself.

"Damn Jesse, it's a piece of property. How could that possibly be more important than a persons life?" he finally asked frustrated.

"Money seems to be more important to him than anything. I'm surprised you hadn't realized that." She then saw that he was genuinely confused by this and again felt that tug of her heart she was trying to avoid. "Adam, we aren't talking about thousands of dollars, or even a million. He wanted to invest the property to make more money, a lot more. With what I propose, not only will we be making very little, but it will be making others money, hopefully lots. It will bring the community together, a place that they can make their own way and have all the backing they need to do so. After the tornados in the last few years, the lack of jobs and all that's befallen this place, this plan might just restore a little hope. A place they won't need dear old "daddy". The catch of course being..."

"You, " he interrupted, finally realizing what she was saying. "You plan on being the financial aid in this project." It was starting to soak in and Adam wasn't too sure he wanted to know more. Unfortunately, his instincts couldn't be denied and curious won out. "Okay, explain more about the project." 

Adam got up to get more coffee for them and Jesse followed. It was the first time he felt that they were both letting loose some of the trust issues between them and just talking openly. What he didn't like was the fact that this project of hers did indeed put her in some serious trouble, more than he might even be able to handle. He was definitely going to have to talk to his boss and see about looking into Gerald and his doings. Damn, he knew if she found that out and about his real job, she was going to be... he decided not to think that one out any further. 

Before going to the kitchen with him, Jesse left, returning shortly with her hair tied up and shorts and a t shirt on. One look at the expression on his face made her giggle lightheartedly.

"I can't always walk around with practically nothing on, you know."

"Uh, yeah I know, although I was getting a bit use to..." he couldn't help himself. As soon as he said it, he wanted to kick himself. He saw the she was playing with him again and this time he had fallen quickly. Unfortunately, he couldn't help himself; he was drawn to her like a match is to gasoline and the fire that started could barely compare to the heat rising between the two of them, nor could it compare to the danger the combination could create.

"I don't have the drawings with me, but this is a copy of the project plans that I had sent out to several of the board members and city directors." She was already pulling out the papers, spreading them out on the table. Upon his approach, she caught a whiff of his scent and suddenly felt dizzy. This was going to be very difficult, she realized, working together was going to be a bit more distracting than she had figured. That was if he even decided to work with her. Difficult, especially when just his nearness produced such overwhelming emotions deep inside her.

"Nice, " he seemed to whisper, taking in her fragrance as he walked around the table, gently brushing up against her when he passed her. His eyes took in every inch of her body. "What is it exactly I'm looking at." he finally stated gaining his composure. It took every bit of self control not to take her in his arms.

"Drawings, diagrams, costs, all the necessary things to explain what this project is, 40 acre's of shopping." 

"But I thought you said..." he started to say, now getting a closer look at the plans while at the same time trying to shake her scent. 

"I said no malls. This is going to be small buildings for people to rent and have their own space to sell, make their own money. If you look closer, you will see that there will also be designated areas for people to park vehicles and sell from them as well." Jesse was getting excited just explaining the whole idea to him. The thought of helping like this always overwhelmed her. "Over here," she pointed out, "will be various vendors selling food, drinks - no alcohol of course - and picnic tables for customers to sit, relax, eat, drink, chat and hopefully enjoy. It will even have a play area with someone watching over the kids while customers shop. So what do you think?" she waited anxiously.

"I think it's a wonderful plan, but you are talking some..."

"Lots of money, which is exactly what Gerald is going to fight, especially because he knows the idea is going to go over well with the community and the board members." She watched him for several minutes, letting him soak up the entirety of her idea before continuing. "The property is already paid for, I already have more than enough money, so I think its only fair to give back and that's what Gerald will fight, including getting rid of me to do it. Let's be real Adam, we are talking about a lot of money and a plan in which he could turn around and make the profit instead. He wants money and he is never going to agree to something like this unless he is the one controlling it."

Adam was at a loss for words at first, trying to grasp all that she was saying. What he couldn't do was say it was a bad idea or try and talk her out of it. It was a good plan, a damn good one at that and would help a lot of people. He wanted to pick her up, twirl her around and hold her tightly for all the caring and giving one little girl could have. He especially realized how many people would appreciate it since it would technically be theirs to make work. This woman was more exceptional than he thought possible, no wonder Mark or anyone else was unable to figure her out. They didn't have the kind of heart it took to do something like this; to give what she was so willing to give; the heart she had which he wasn't too sure he ever had.

"Well..." she asked, anxiously anticipating his response. "Do you like it? Do you think the people will? Tell me Adam, be honest with me, for once..." this last statement she almost whispered, but was entirely understood by both.

"I think it's a wonderful project and I have no doubts how the community will respond..." his words trailed off as his mind drifted to Gerald once again and what his reaction to the plan would be. He felt her close to him now, her lips brushing across the back of his neck so softly. Her fragrance making it hard for him to concentrate and not reach out to grab her, take her in his arms kiss her, and more. Her words broke him from his trance.

"Regardless of Gerald, its something I have to do, these people, this community deserves this." she whispered softly in his ear. "No matter what the stakes are."

"No wait..." he began just beginning to realize what this project would do. He was quickly interrupted by her lips on his. This time it was him giving in, melting against her mouth with her petite almost delicate body leaning heavily on him.

It didn't take long before her arms were around his neck and the kiss deepened. Both their bodies seemed to mold to each other. His arm drew her closer, holding her tighter with his hand against the small of her back. He could feel her quiver against him, exciting him even more.

She had a hand at the back of his head pulling him closer while her fingers played gently in his hair, teasing him even more, sending a shiver down his spine. Neither seemed able to get close enough as the heat intensified between them. Finally it was he that broke the kiss, leaving them both breathless and a bit puzzled at how quickly just a kiss between them could evoke such strong feelings. It took several minutes for either to collect themselves, both looking deeply into each others eyes as if an answer to what was happening between them would just appear.

"Why would you risk your life for this community, or anyone for that matter. Why is it so important?" Adam finally asked, not really sure of what he was hoping her response would be. He was angered that she was willing to give so much and at what cost, but unsure why he felt such anger.

"It's a worthy cause," she mumbled quickly, leaving his side, as if burned somehow. She could feel his eyes on her while she gathered all her papers. She finally turned and faced him, wondering why he didn't fully grasp her idea and then she almost saw the light bulb above his head.

"If this project works, it's going to knock Gerald right out of business..." Adam felt like someone had just punched him right in the stomach knocking the wind out of him. He now looked at her, his eyes trying to penetrate this small figure of a woman, trying to understand her. Especially with the vision of Gerald next to her ready to pounce. "Jesse, we have to talk, are you really aware of what Gerald is going to come after you with? He will bring everything he has got and probably more to stop you. Damn, you might as well start gathering an army to stop him. He, you..." It was too much to comprehend for Adam, let alone for her to have it all planned out as she did. Those fearless eyes, he couldn't get past them or the fear it struck in him.
