 I wasn't happy with my boyfriend at all. I kept getting irritated that he never initated sex at all. After a while that gets really depression, like I'm a molester or something. 

There was this man I saw at the coffee shop sometimes. His name was John and he was incredibly sexy. Everyone I knew had had sex with him so I knew he was a bit of a 'male-slut.' I also heard that if a girl needed to get off, he was definitely the man to talk to. Something about knowing what to do with his tongue or something. 

I finally got fed up with my boyfriend when he didn't initiate sex for the third month in a row. What kind of boyfriend doesn't take advantage of his girlfriend? I mean, I have large round breasts and a very shapely ass. It's not like I'm unattractive. Men hit on me all the time. 

I decided it was time I put John to work on me. I needed a lover because I was getting nowhere with the man I already had. 

One of our mutual friends was getting married. The bar was open so I knew we'd all be feeling very 'good.' I was wearing medium dress but I left the underwear out of the equation. I got a very special garter belt that held my hose up. My dress was low-cut and my breasts were exposed, the cleft between them barely there as they came together to say hello to anyone who wanted to see.

John had had his share of drinks that night. The bar was open and everyone was laughing loudly, dancing wildly on the dance floor. I'd become completely fed up with my boyfriend. He hadn't asked me to dance once. By the time I had ten Bombay Sapphire Gin and tonics, my level of frustration had peaked and my inhibitions had lowered sufficiently as to seek John out. 

I saw John standing there drinking his martini and lifted my gin and tonic to him in a silent acknowledgment of our eyes meeting across the room. 

He smiled at me, acknowledging my presence there by lifting his martini glass to me and winking. I knew he was attracted to me. It'd be hard not to be with my body out there for him to appreciate. 

I walked toward him and smiled at him, my lips looking very coy and sexy. Leaning on the wall next to him I looked right into his eyes.

"Hi there. You look nice." I whispered with my best sultry look.

"Hi Tawney. You look...wow, you look amazing!" John was looking straight at my chest when he said this. I knew he was imagining what it would be like to touch my breasts.

"Thank you, John. I'm glad you like how I look." I ran my finger along the rim of my dress, sliding it along my breasts.

"Are you having fun?" I asked, my eyes slanting sideways.

"Oh yeah, how could I not this is great! Free booze, gorgeous women!" He looked right at me, from top to bottom, inspecting my little dress. 

I grabbed his hand and pulled his head close to me.

"I'm going to fuck you, John. You're not leaving this building without taking care of me." I whispered this right into his ear and followed it up with a little huff of air on his lobe to show him I meant business.

He looked surprised when he looked back up at me. But then a slow smile spread across his face, a look of self-assured confidence spread across his demeanor. He knew what I wanted. He knew how to take care of it. And he knew he could do it.

"Yes, ma'am. I think I can give you what you need right now." He smiled as he downed his martini and put it on the table next to us. Then he took what was left of my gin and tonic and downed that too. He didn't even ask about my boyfriend. He knew it didn't matter. My boyfriend was such a pussy in general, he'd take me back if I fucked this entire room full of men right in front of him. 

He took my hand and discreetly led me out of the room and through the hallways and down several corridors where other people had snuck off to get away from the crowd. I was getting very excited knowing that I was finally going to get what I'd been waiting months to have.

The building we were in used to be a bank in the 1920's. It still had a bunch of teller booths and separate rooms for what used to be safe deposit boxes. John took me to what used to be the vault. The safe itself was still there, hidden deep in the recesses of the building. This is where the big money used to be kept. The lock had been removed, but the door still shut, offering us soundproof privacy.

He dragged me in, shut the door behind us and pushed me up against the wall behind me. He placed his hand on my neck, feeling the soft column of flesh beneath his fingers. He gently squeezed, holding my head in place as he leaned in and ravaged my mouth.

John was an amazing kisser. He tugged on my lower lip between his teeth, tilting my head sideways he made my body do what he wanted. His overpowering of me was a relief from the constant leading I did in my current relationship. My boyfriend didn't really know what he was doing in general and required a large amount of guidance. This was one of the reasons I'd sought John out, he knew what he was doing and knew what would bring us both the greatest amount of pleasure. 

John slid his tongue down the column of my neck, nibbling as he went. I knew there'd be marks there the next day but I didn't care. I just didn't want him to stop. 

His tongue began sliding its way across my cleavage. He dipped his tongue into the crevice between my two breasts. I slid my fingers into his sandy blonde hair and pulled his face deeper into my breasts. His hands reached behind me, cupping my ass and bringing it close to him, allowing me to feel the prominent erection forming in his pants. I sighed with pleasure as he tugged my dress underneath my breasts, exposing my hard nipples to the air. They perked out toward him. His hands cupped their weight, massaging them together to savor the bulk of them. I knew my breasts were gorgeous. I arched my back, savoring the pleasure of having a real man touch my body. 

John took that as a cue that I was enjoying myself, which was quite correct. He buried his face between my breasts, feeling the soft skin surround his face. 

His left hand reached my knee, sliding up onto my thigh. When he reached the hook on my garter belt he groaned.

"Oh, you are so sexy, Tawney. Tell me this is a garter belt!"

"Yes, John. It is. Reach higher, you'll find more...or less!"

John's hands slipped higher onto my bare ass. His hand twitched, then he grabbed my round ass with his hands and squeezed, enjoying the full weight of my womanly body. 

"Oh, god, you naughty little bitch!" John growled as he sucked one of my nipples into his mouth. He bit down on it, making it stand at complete attention beneath his tongue.

I grabbed his hands and tugged them gently away from me. I wanted to see what I'd be working with. I slid down on my knees and tugged at the belt. Once it was open, I slid the zipper down and unbuttoned his pants. I jerked them down around his knees, his hands were running through my sleek black hair. He knew what I was doing and was giving no argument.

His boxer shorts were tented, his cock obviously very aroused. I slid my hands into his boxers, feeling his round ass. My hands slid further down his legs, the boxers sliding off as I did so. His cock jumped out of his boxers at me. He was very well endowed. No wonder so many of his previous lovers left raving reviews about him. He must have been at least eight inches. 

I filled my hands with his cock. I could feel his pulse touching it. Pre-cum oozed out of the tip, showing me how incredibly aroused he was. With my other hand I cupped his balls, feeling how heavy and large they are.

I slid my hot mouth over his cock, tasting the precum on my tongue. He tasted slightly salty and very masculine. I liked it a lot. I slowly slid my mouth all the way down, taking him all in. He groaned, sliding his hands through my hair as I did this. I could feel him putting pressure on my head, lifting it on and off his cock. Even as I was servicing him, he was still in control, setting the pace and leading the way. But he wasn't jerky like a lot of other men who like to face-fuck. He was gentle, just asserting his dominance over me. 

After I'd had my fill I took him out of my mouth and smiled up at his face. He was crazy for me now. I was going to get it but good; he and both knew it. 

I kept my eyes glued to his as I turned around and went down on my hands and knees. Looking back at him, I arched my back. I knew he could see the backs of my soft thighs when I leaned over like this. I knew he could see my wet pussy too. 

John got down on his hands and knees behind me. I thought he was going to come up to me and fuck me like he knew I wanted. But he didn't. He leaned down and ran his tongue up and down my labia from behind. I was completely drenched with wanting him; completely ready for his invasion. He knew that but he wanted to taste my arousal much like I had tasted his arousal in his precum. 

I jerked my body at the sensation of his tongue tasting my lips. My legs spread wide of their own volition. Not satisfied with the position, John laid down on his back, sliding his face between my thighs. His tongue lifted up to taste my wet lips again, sliding up and down my wet labia. My body jerked in arousal, bucking against his face. His hands grabbed my ass as he slid his tongue further up toward my clit. I was completely losing it now. I hadn't been fucked good for so long and I was aching for him.  

I slid further down on his mouth, demanding that he suck on my clit now. His tongue swirled around it, making my legs vibrate with pleasure. I could feel it all the way up my spine. He'd taken one of his fingers and slid it deep in my pussy. I could feel it filling me. He was looking for my g-spot. His fingers were so big, filling me as he licked my clit, pleasuring me. 

Before I knew it, I'd come all over his face. My body had wracked; my legs had squeezed the poor man's face in arousal. My come dripped all over his chin. He shoved his tongue deep in my pussy, sucking my come from me. I'd gone completely limp. 

Luckily, he still had his head about his shoulders. He was able to lift me off of him, turn me over and slip my dress off. I was laying in front of him, my garters around my waist, no underwear to cover my pussy. John took my leg, still wearing my high heels, and slipped it over his shoulder, exposing my pussy to him. His finger slipped over my clit, massaging it, bringing me back up to the peak of pleasure. I was moaning like crazy, my hands massaging my breasts, prone to his ministrations.

He continued to play with my clitoris as he slipped his cock deep inside of me. I pulled my other leg up, giving him full access to my body. I squealed, feeling him go so deep into me. I'd never been reached that far. 

"Oh yeah, John, keep moving!" He'd come inside me and just stopped, still playing with me. I was close again to coming but unable to as he refused to move fast inside of me like he knew I needed.

"Oh, someone is impatient." John gasped out those words, he was taking obviously large amounts of energy to hold himself back. "What do you want, Tawney? Do you want me to fuck you?" He slid in and out of me really fast as he said this, stopping after one stroke to frustrate me even further. 

"Oh, god, yes, John. I want you to fuck me, right here and right now!" I screamed at him, not caring who heard me. 

"Oh, that's what you want? I thought you'd wanted me to do something else!" He laughed my obvious need. He knew my body was screaming to orgasm and he knew he was more than capable of making me go over the edge.

"No, John, just fuck me! Don't stop fucking me!" I screamed again, my hips bucking up and down hard, begging him to move his cock in and out of me.

His composure broke and he began slamming his long cock in and out of my pussy. I began to come repeatedly, his finger still playing with my clitoris. The pleasure was unbearable. I felt like I was numbing with so much pleasure. He was pumping his cock in and out of me; my labia squeezed him as I came around him. 

"Oh, yeah, Tawney! That's right, come baby, come all over me!" His voice was harsh; he was trying to keep himself from coming so that I'd feel more pleasure. His consideration made me feel warm and cared about inside. 

He couldn't go any further, he slammed his cock deep inside of me. His body was tight and I could feel the pressure sliding through his body.

"That's right, John, come! Come inside me!" I was watching him as the pleasure rode through his body.

His face contorted as his cock burst forth inside of me. I could feel the fluid sliding inside of my womb. But his pleasure, I could feel his orgasm rock through his body. The pleasure reverberated so strongly, I experienced a pitched orgasm wrack through my body in response. 

I don't know how long it was before we both came to. He slid out of me, and slowly got dressed. I stood up, sliding my dress back into place. I slid my hands through my hair, trying to become more presentable. 

He waited for me to finish before opening the door. As I walked through, he placed his hand on my shoulder and whispered into my ear. 

"When will you need servicing again, Tawney? I want to see you again." 

I looked back at him and smiled. I knew this wouldn't be the last time for us.