 Ch. 4:Graduation Speech

There I lay, hand on my cock, gently stroking it so that it would remain at full erection. I should be worried about this situation, but all I could think of is the beautiful young woman in the bathroom that was preparing to surprise me.

The reason I should be worried is because the woman in the bathroom was the eighteen year old daughter of the woman who I was falling in love with. However, this eighteen year old had brought me to a most incredible orgasm and had three – yes three! – of her own in the process. Because of this, I had completely forgotten about whatever was going on in my life outside the hotel room door just four feet from the bed I was lying on.

Rae was a gorgeous five foot three woman who had graduated earlier that day – correction: earlier yesterday as it was now well after one in the morning. She had dark brown hair, almost black, that hung down just past her shoulders. Her hair being straight and her complexion dark, she could easily be mistaken for someone of Spanish, Hispanic or Mediterranean descent. Her body was thin in all the right places and voluptuous, at least for her size, in the other places, creating an hour glass shape that ought to be what magazines want of their supermodels. Unfortunately, she was six to twelve inches too short for the fashion industries tastes.

Rae, who apparently had been harboring a crush on me for quite sometime (I am a school psychologist and I had been meeting with her for over three years) had made an advance on me in my own office shortly after her mother had invited me for a cup of coffee. Later, after I had dinner with Rae and her mother Wendy, Rae played the part of the voyeur and brought me to climax while Wendy slept in my arms. Now, she had coerced me into a hotel room with a bottle of Goldschlager on the night of her high school graduation. 

"Are you ready for your surprise," she called from the bathroom.

"I sure am," I responded, still stroking my cock as she instructed me to.

"Is Goldie still completely ready," she said. Goldie was the name she had just recently given to my penis.

"Yes ma'am," I responded. "I've been doing everything you commanded."

"Good," she said, "now start humming pomp and circumstances."

That may sound rather pretentious but she had been ordering me around all evening. And even though I am normally one who was accustomed to being in charge, she had used the alcohol to lower my inhibitions and her drop dead gorgeous body to essentially hypnotize me into submission. When she gave me orders, I found myself gladly complying. 

So I started humming pomp and circumstances. Just a measure or two into my horrid rendition of the traditional graduation march, Raelene emerged from the bathroom dressed in her burgundy graduation robe, complete with her cap and mortar, her national honor society tassle and her chord around her shoulders to indicate she was in the top 10% of her class.

"Ladies and gentleman," she said as she marched in front of the bed and then to the other side, "now here to give our graduation speech, the smartest, and might I add, the sexiest... as well as horniest... as well as the student who has the deepest crush on a faculty member... Miss Raelene Abigail Rodinger."

I started clapping in response which brought a big smile to her face. Then she picked up the bottle of Goldschager, filled one of the shot glasses and handed it to me, then raised the entire bottle to her lips and took a healthy swig.

"Well thank you ladies and gentlemen," she said, "er... rather gentleman," she corrected herself. "It is an honor to be here tonight and representing the class of 2014. I'd like to thank everyone for being present and fully alert for our ceremonies tonight." As she said "fully alert" she reached down and stroked my cock.

"Now, I'd like to make this speech about friendships," Rae continued. "You see, as much as we've learned and as far as we've come in our lives to this point, when we look back, it is our friendships that we will remember, not what we have learned or how much we have matured. So I want to encourage each and every one of you to commit to staying in touch with the friends you have made in our time in high school."

With that last comment she unzipped the top of her graduation robe to her navel, revealing her breasts were bare underneath. She then took my right hand and placed it on her left breast and my left hand and placed it on her right breast. Naturally I wanted to be friendly, so I began to massage them in a way that I knew Rae would appreciate. The fact that she took a deep breath and moaned in pleasure before she continued told me that she was indeed appreciative of my "friendliness."

"Brothers and sisters of the class of 2014, I want to tell you that recently a few of my friendships have grown so close that I don't think I ever want them to end." With that she pulled my hands from her breasts and thrust her left breast toward my mouth. I didn't think twice, I pushed the open robe to the side, opened my mouth and began nibbling and sucking and teasing this heavenly breast.

"And so, I pledge before you all, that I will do everything in my power to keep these new and deeper relationships strong and healthy." With that, she pulled her left breast from my mouth and replaced it with the right breast. I treated it with the same enthusiasm. "And I challenge you, fellow members of the class of 2014, to keep in touch with your friends and keep your relationships strong and..." she paused for a moment as my suction on her nipple made her shutter a little, and then she continued, "and maybe even make them stronger."

"But graduation means we are ready to move on to a new time in our lives," Rae continued her make believe speech as I continued to suckle her chest. "And in the next chapter in our lives, we will meet new friends," she said. With that statement, she put her hands on my shoulders and pushed me back from her breasts. "And so I encourage all of you," she said as she looked straight down into my eyes, "to make new friends. For I'm told that the friends you meet after high school - whether it be in college, or at work, or down at the bar – that these friends will be the best friends you ever have. Even better than high school friends."

Rae reached and grabbed the zipper of her graduation robe and unzipped it the entire way. I wasn't sure whether she was still wearing her panties as I watched her unzip it, but she made it clear when the zipper released at the bottom. For once the robe was open, she slipped it off her shoulders and let it drop to the floor. There she stood, completely nude except for her cap and mortar. Not only were her perfect breasts fully visible in front of me, but the neatly trimmed bush that protected her womanhood was right there in front of my face.

"Mr. Z." Rae said, stepping out of her orators voice and into her natural voice, "there is a girl named Gina who just graduated that would like to meet you." Then she grabbed my hand and guided it to her crotch, pushing it up between her legs.

Immediately I could feel that she was wet with excitement. I rubbed my forefinger and middle finger along the thin opening of her vagina. The juices oozed out making it easy to traverse. As I brought my fingers back, Rae jumped a little.

"I'm sorry," I said, "did I hurt you?"

"Oh, no," she said as if she was out of breath. "On the contrary. It feels so, so good it makes me jump."

"Well then," I said to her, "if it feels so good, maybe I ought to explore a little more." And then I slipped a finger inside of her. She jumped and moaned. 

"Oh Mr. Z!" she exclaimed. "I think I love you." And with that she threw her arms around my neck and gave me a juicy kiss.

Meanwhile, I had one finger exploring her absolute most private areas and was beginning to get excited myself. As she was kissing me, I slipped another finger in. She jumped, but then started to assault me more with her mouth and tongue.

"That feels so wonderful," she said when our lips finally separated. "But Mr. Z., I was serious about making new friends. Gina wants to make a new friend." She reached down and pulled my hand away from its position between her legs.

Then, pulling her cap and mortar off of her head, she said, "Gina would like to meet Goldie. She would like to become close friends with Goldie." And with that, she reached into the insider of her cap and produced a little square package. 

Now before going any further, you need to know that Goldie is the name that she had given my penis. She also named her breasts – Nancy and Amy. The name Gina was new to me as of this moment, but it was pretty obvious what that referred to.

As she struggled to open her small envelope, Rae continued, "We'll just put this little hat on Goldie, and then he and Gina can meet in the proper way."

"The proper way?" I asked.

"Ok, the safe way," she said, still trying to get the package open.

"Would it make a difference if I told you I have not been with a woman since my divorce?" I said to her.

"It sure would," she said, tossing little square package aside.                       

She grabbed hold of my penis very firmly yet lovingly and began to address, "Now Goldie, thank you very much for staying ready. Gina has been so excited to meet you for quite some time now. Please be nice to her and show her how much you really like her."

After leaning down and giving the head of my penis a quick suck and a kiss, Rae climbed up on top of me and began to kiss me, spreading her legs in such a way that my erect penis naturally fell right on her vagina. She began to push down, attempting in vein to push my penis inside of her.

"Would it be ok if I took the lead on this one," I asked her.

"Yeah, I think so," she said, not sure she wanted to relinquish any of the control she had gained during the night.

So I gently rolled her off of me and onto her back. "Allow me to take it a little more slowly," I said as I bent over her and kissed and suckled each of her breasts briefly. Then I began to kiss her body, working my way down her abdomen to her navel. When I arrived at her belly button, I stuck my tongue in it and rolled it around, suspecting this might be an erogenous point for this incredibly sensuous woman. I was right, she shuttered a let out a little yelp as I licked.

I then continued my journey down, reaching the top of her pubic hair. Once there, I began kissing a perimeter around her bush, first going to the left, working my way all the way around to the inside of her thigh. When I got there, I kissed and sucked and rolled my tongue all over her thigh and right up to the edge of her clit, but did not touch it with my lips, though it took every ounce of resistance I had not to dive into this untouched fruit.

I then worked my way back up the perimeter of her pubic hair and down the right side in the same manner. I spent the same amount of time on her right thigh and teased her clit with the presence of my lips. Then I began to move ever so slightly back up the perimeter of her pubic hair once again when I felt her relax ever so slightly. That was my cue. I quickly changed directions, placing my head at the very base of her vagina. I stuck my tongue out and beginning at the bottom where her vaginal lips meet, in a rather rushed manner, licked around the entire outside of her vagina. Her reaction was a whimper that almost sounded like she was crying. I only hoped they were tears of joy.

Once I had traversed the entire circumference of her woman hood, I opened my mouth as if I were going to sing, but instead, placed it right over her vagina so that my lips were covering her vaginal lips. I inhaled just enough to create a slight suction and then stuck my tongue out between her lips and just inside of her. This completely surprised her in what I'm assuming was a very good way. For she gasped and then let out a prolonged "Ohhhh," as some additional vaginal juices were suddenly released and covered my lips and face. I was pretty sure that she'd already experienced an orgasm.

I then released my suction and again starting at the very bottom, began to lick a border around her vaginal opening. But this time I did it in a very slow and deliberate manner. I was greeted with repeated chorus of, "Oh yes, O God yes," the entire time. Once I'd made it all the way around, I was tempted to continue oral ministrations as I was enjoying myself and her excitement was turning me on as much as anything. But she had made it clear that the immediate mission was to introduce "Goldie" to "Gina," and who was I to get in the way of her stated objective?

So somewhat reluctantly, I pulled my face from between her legs and I sat up on the edge of the bed. As I did so I moved my hand between Rae's legs and began to massage her vagina with my forefinger and middle finger. 

"Is Gina feeling loosened up enough and lubricated?" I asked her as I slipped my middle finger inside her and moved it back and forth a little. 

"Oh yes she is," Rae responded, "very much so." I slipped a second finger in and she moaned. I began to move my fingers in and out and she moaned in rhythm with my motions.

"I don't want to do anything that she's not ready for," I said.

"Oh she's ready," Rae said and moaned as I continued to explore with my fingers. "She is so ready. Even though she really, really likes what you are doing now, she so badly wants to meet Goldie and does not want to wait any longer."

"Ok then," I said as I removed my fingers from her vagina. I stood up and turned myself to face her. She looked with wide eyes at my stiff penis which was probably more excited and nervous at what was about to happen as she was. I spread her legs just a little farther apart with my hands and then kneeled on the bed between her legs. Balancing myself with my left hand on the bed, I grabbed my cock with my right hand. I then placed the head of my penis at the very top of her vagina and said, "Gina, meet Goldie," as I pulled the head of my cock down the length of her vagina and back up again.

"Well hello there Goldie," Rae said. "You feel so strong and hard. And you make Gina feel all tingly."

I continued massaging her vagina with just the head of my penis. She was so loosened up at this point that her vaginal lips would spread open with just a little pressure from my penis, as if they wanted to suck it right inside. The stimulation and the fact that it was being done by my penis, began to make Rae a little impatient.

"Gina wants to know if Goldie would like to come inside and play," she finally said.

"Well, I think Goldie would like to enter, but I think he will try to wait a spell before cumming inside."

Rae giggled and then said, "Ok then, enter already, I can't wait any longer."

Putting a much more somber tone I said, "Rae, I will. But I want this to be very special for you. So I am not going to rush. You tell me to stop if anything hurts or if you feel like you want to stop."

She looked up at me with her big beautiful eyes. She had left me speechless in the past, but now I think I had finally done so to her. She grabbed me around the neck, pulled me down to her, and began to kiss me as if she was not ever going to let me go. Finally, she released me, looked into my eyes and said, "Please, make love to me."

I lifted my self back up and grabbed my penis again. I did a quick massage of her vagina again before positioning it to enter. "Now I'm only going to go a little at a time so that you feel most comfortable," I said. I slid the head of my penis in and felt resistance almost immediately. But there was plenty of lubrication and man did it feel nice and snug. I pushed in just enough so that my head was fully encased in her womanhood.

I was about to ask her if she was ok, if it felt alright, but got my answer without asking. "Oh yes!" she exclaimed. "Yes, yes, yes, yes... yes." And then she her body spasmed leaving no doubt that she had an orgasm already. "Oh yes," she said one final time as her orgasm came to a conclusion.

She opened her eyes and looked at me. "I'm sorry, I didn't make you cum already," she said truly concerned. "It's ok if you did you know."

"No, I didn't," I said. "I'm just shocked that you... well, that you..."

"That I came so fast?" she said. "I think it was anticipation. But I certainly hope we're not done. Gina wants Goldie to come all the way inside." With that she rolled us both over so that I was on my back and she was on top. Somehow she did this without ever letting my penis slip out of her vagina. 

She then began to rock back and forth so that the head of my penis would just about slip out of her vagina before her motions guided it back in. The rocking was very gentle, my penis descending just a little bit more with each motion. The progress was very slow, but incredibly erotic. I'd never experienced anything quite like it.

When my penis was about half way in, Rae began to get excited again. "Oh Mr. Z., that feels so good," she said as I pushed inside just a little more. "Oh yes, please don't stop. I want you all the way inside me."

When I was about two thirds of the way in, there was some additional resistance. I knew it could not be her cervix, I'm not that big. "Rae, I think if we go any further, it's going to hurt a little," not sure if it would or not as I had never been with a virgin before.

"I know," she said. "But I'm ready." With that, she pulled up so that my head was to the very edge of her lips. Instead of a nice gentle return, this time she thrust my cock up inside of her with one fast motion. I felt a momentary strong resistance at the tip of my penis but then a sudden release like a cork when it finally pops out of a champaign bottle. At that moment, Rae grunted followed by a slight wimper. My penis was now all the way inside of her, feeling like someone had wrapped it in a warm gel pack.

Rae now just lay there on top of me not moving. I feared it hurt her really bad but was afraid to say anything. Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, she very slowly started to move her hips. Every so gently, as if she was testing the waters, she slid up and down just slightly on my penis. Then she went a little further and little further. 

"Wow, that's wild," she said. "That hurt really bad, but only for a brief moment. I didn't want to move because I didn't want it to hurt like that again. But this," she said as she increased the intensity of her gyrations, "this feels so good. This feels incredible. Oh it was so worth it for this."

She tried to push me in further and realized there was no more progress to be made. "Oh Mr. Z. You're all the way inside of me. I can't believe it. And I can't believe how good it feels. Oh this feels so good. I hope it feels good for you too."

"It's like heaven," I said to her.

"Good. And I hope you aren't going to wait too much longer to cum inside me because I'm just about to cum myself. Oh that feels so good. Oh Mr. Z. please cum inside me. Please cum inside me now."

If she hadn't said that, I may have had another 15 seconds left in me before take off. But her pleading set me off and I began spurting my love seed inside this gorgeous young woman who for some unexplainable reason had made me the object of her affections. 

As the first stream came out, Rae began to cum as well. "Oh yes!" she said as she felt the first shot of seamen inside of her. And then her vagina tightened just a wee bit on my penis sending sensations throughout my body. 

"Oh yes!" I exclaimed in response and another spurt of cum entered her love canal.

For the next few moments, we were in a litany of yes's. I would spurt which would result in her vaginal spasm which in turn would cause me to spurt again... On and on it went until every last drop of sperm was milked out of me.
