 Knowing Dr Karen Blander would be joining him very soon, Dr Vic Garven had moved quickly into the viewing room, switched off the lights so that they could see clearly through the mirror, into the room where Peter and Sara would meet. He turned on the recording unit. It was essential that they were able to review events later in their own time. He had only just .completed that task when Karen came in, all flushed and alert..

"It's finally here," she said clutching at one of his hands.

"Excited?"

"Excited, hopeful, fearful, uncertain. God, Vic, two young people who have never encountered a member of the opposite sex. How amazing is that? There are so many things that might happen." Karen looked down into the introduction room. A bed in the far corner, a table with two chairs, a small sofa, and a wardrobe were they only furnishings in the room, except for the large mirror, through which their observations would take place. 

"This time will be better, I'm sure of it," Karen said, looking at the worried look on Vic's face. Dr Vic Garven, eminent sociologist and sexologist, was on the verge of seeing years of preparation come to fruition. "The other couple Sid and Vera were just not compatible."

"And I think we expected too much, too quickly."

"Where did they go?" Karen asked. 

All he said in reply was, "They were well taken care of." 

He moved to the door, saying, "I'll go and get Peter." Karen was left with just a little chill of concern.

Exciting as the project was, there were elements that worried her, but she was so involved now, she had accepted all the dubious aspects. It was just these recent developments that suggested that Vic might be becoming too hardened in his intentions.

Thirteen years ago they had met at a human development seminar where Karen was one of the speakers. Having degrees in Biology, Social Development and Human Development, she was in a position to talk with some authority. She had been just twenty six and was lecturing at the local university. At the end Dr Garven had approached her, and commended her on her topic. Karen had been most flattered, having known about Dr Garven only by reputation.

They had sipped wine, and he had casually asked if she was happy lecturing. She admitted that she would have preferred some kind of research work. That had caused his eyebrows to rise, and he asked her if they could meet on the following evening for dinner when he would like to outline a proposition to her.

The following evening when the meal was cleared away, and they sat sipping their coffees, Dr Garven had smiled across the table at her, and said, "Time to tell you my secrets."

Karen estimated that he was at least ten years her senior. He was a darkly handsome man, greying at the temples, with an intense look, which could be quickly dispensed with his ready smile.

"My father, Graham Garven was an entrepreneur, with fingers in so many pies. He himself told me, in later life, that he might have been called Midas, he was so successful. When he died, twenty years ago, he left a great deal of his wealth to me. Just as importantly, he left me the mansion he had built in the heart of the forest. He had many dwellings across the globe, most of them in well hidden locations. "

Serious, dark eyes looked at Karen , "But the mansion in the forest was an ideal site for what I wanted to do."

"Which was?" Karen, asked, longing for him to get to the point.

He gave an enigmatic smile, "What I have called my Adam and Eve project."

Karen could not avoid a little chuckle, "Adam and Eve?"

Dr Garven nodded, "I'm a sexologist, so naturally, I've always been interested in the development of sexual attitudes."

"I'm not sure I understand."

Dr Garven drew in a deep breath, "I intend to study what happens when a young man who does not know of the existence of women, meets a young woman, who has never encountered any member of the male sex."

Karen knew the frown of doubt had not left her face, but she had to admit, "It sounds fascinating."

"You are interested?" Dr Garven asked, before going on. "I must advise you that there are some aspects of my plan which could be called into question."

Karen raised an eyebrow, "There are?"

"Our group are taken from a nearby home for abandoned children when they are just two years old. Not exactly a legal process. But the home cooperates when they become overloaded. Of course we have to ensure complete security. If the word ever got out about what we are doing ---Phew." And he threw his arms up in the air indicating an explosion. 

Karen nodded, "I can see that difficulty. But from two years old? How do you get to your Adam and Eve situation?"

"From the time they arrive as toddlers, they are segregated. Boys in one sector, girls in another. Completely separated, and the mansion is ideally structured for this. They never encounter each other."

"So you cannot see the fruits of your study until these infants mature?" Karen said, her voice, she feared, probably mirrored her disbelief.

"That's the frustration of it. Starting from infancy is the only way to ensure there is no memory of either sex. And really, I have a highly supportive staff, but I've been in need of a close assistant for a while. When I heard you speak, I knew you would be ideal, both in these early stages, and in the future mature programme when the Adam and Eve project really takes off."

"But that must be several years away."

Dr Garven nodded sadly, "Patience is the key word. I've been in operation for nearly three years. My first group are now five years old. Progressing well, but still thirteen years from their eighteenth birthday"

"Eighteen? Isn't there a theory that Adam and Eve may have been younger than that?"

"I know of that. But for my purposes, I needed to ensure a certain level of maturity.. Can I just add that you will be well satisfied with the remuneration?"

Finding the man himself attractive, and the notion of the project absorbing, Karen had agreed to become his second in command. Her first visit to the mansion, hidden deep in the forest, had impressed her. The large building was split into several compartments, half for boys, half for girls, with sections where standard education was carried out depending on the sex of the children.

Karen was delighted to find that all the children were kept well dressed, and well fed. They had lots of social and physical activities within the restrictions of the overall premise. She was particularly interested in the study of development in infancy, when there was only one sex. Part of that study observed how they reacted to various toys---guns, soldiers, dolls, cars---In other words, what does a girl choose to play with, without any social influences? Many girls she observed chose cars and railway engines. 

There were ample grounds all around the mansion to give access for play. But again, high walls, kept one half of these facilities for boys and the other for girls. She was deeply impressed by the way the facilities were set to the needs of the process. 

She soon became involved with the progress of the younger girls, because, the boys could not be allowed to see her. There were many mentors of both sexes, who were restricted to the children of there own sex. All the incoming children, by the time they were four or five years old, started on a very guarded education. All literature had to be chosen with much care, so that any suggestion of an opposite sex was played down. But so many books had to be 'adjusted' as Vic Garven called it, to eradicate female characters or male characters, or where possible, give them a sex change. For the younger ones it was easier to change.

Biology lessons needed to be organised so that there was no sex education. Even history was difficult and Kings and Queens were introduced as far as possible as Monarchs or Rulers rendering them as sexless entities. The important thing was that the children were kept happy and that pleased Karen.

What also pleased Karen, after just two years in her post, was the fact that she and Dr Garven, who by now was simply 'Vic', had a mutual desire for each other. They had occasionally finished the evening by sharing a glass of wine in his upstairs private apartment. On one particular evening, as their glasses emptied, Vic had placed a hand on her knee. Their kiss was almost automatic, their tongues finding instant compatibility. But beyond that, Karen discovered that she was in the hands of a man who knew his way around a woman's body with consummate skill.

When she was completely naked, with not a word passing between them, his mouth and hands adored her breasts. That, alone, had her moistening. Then his fingers and lips began a complete enthralling tour of her body, briefly, maddeningly, lingering on her clitoris before moving on. The inside of her thighs received much attention, before his tongue ran along her labia, and the whole process moved up to her breasts again. From there, up to her mouth once more, and she could taste herself on his lips, as she tongued back eagerly. His technique was totally tantalising. 

When she, in near ecstatic frenzy reached for his solid penis, he quickly slipped out of his pants, and her eager hands grasped his large hard erection. She had experienced two main affairs in her life, one good, one, a disaster, but she could not recall handling anything of this size. Karen knew she had to have it inside her, and soon. Her whole body was atremble, and she wondered whether it was always like this in the hands of a sexologist. 

He knelt on the floor at the side of the sofa as his lips returned to her labia, and now concentration was really on her clitoris. First his tongue circled and probed at it, and then his lips were sucking it gently until she could not help crying out as her orgasm hit her.

Immediately he was over her parting her shaking thighs, and sliding his hard penis deep inside her. He did this slowly, expertly, allowing her, already in orgasm, to appreciate every inch of his firmness as it filled her. Gasping and moaning, she was vitally aware of his motions inside her. He knew where to stop, knew where to shuffle it slowly inside her. And, as he came inside her, she was away on some great cosmic journey, with her vaginal passage squeezing and releasing him, and her mouth burbling nonsense.

"I needed that, Karen" was all he said, when they had calmed.

After that, there was no strict timing or agreement on their coming together. There was no talk of love, no promises made. There was only the occasional pursuit of pleasure, and Karen had no problem with that.

This experiment had, from the onset, caught her imagination. She had studied the whole area very thoroughly, and it had become clear that, in fact, there would have been no point in time when a man and a woman came together without any primeval urge. Evolution discounted any real possibility of an Adam and Eve situation. It seemed clear that natural animal procreation would have been the basis of the whole thing. 

Karen was too fond of Vic to ever raise that point. Besides she was sure he must have some awareness of it. Yet this very notion of a couple coming together, having had no contact with the opposite sex, was so overwhelming, and had to be handled with particular care. 

A few years after her appointment, the onset of puberty among her charges became a delicate area. When the girls started with their periods, explanations had to be very guarded. Karen had a major role in seeing this through. Girls were told that this was something essential to prepare them for adult life. Initially they were told that an injection, 'when they were old enough' would make them pregnant. Karen had doubts about this part, but basically it would work up to the age of eighteen.

There was no doubt that Karen had occasional guilt feelings about what they were doing. They were actually depriving these youngsters of both freedom and natural development. She just hoped that the study would be worth it. 

One aspect of the experiment that did bother her was that at the first sign of puberty, usually earlier for girls, medication was given to suppress the sexual urge. The multitude of recording devices about the respective buildings gave plenty of warning if any unacceptable activity should take place..

For boys, early erection might be a sign, and again, any signs of reaction to that was dealt with specific medications. Vi c had advised her that what they were using was a development from the old services 'bromide', which was giving to serving soldiers and sailors to reduce the frustrations of the sexual urge. This new concoction was much more reliable and safe, he had assured her. Karen had noted that in all the CTV replays they had, there was no sign of sexual play, either solo or in pairs.

All TV the youngsters were allowed to watch was pre-recorded, and edited to eradicate cross gender confusion. This did mean that what could be put out was very slim.

Now, here they were. The big day had arrived, and they hoped, these two eighteen year olds were ready. Through the mirror, Karen saw the room door open, and Vic ushered in a tall, well built young man, dressed in a blue checked shirt and jeans. This must be Peter, a very imposing young man, Karen couldn't help thinking. Vic spoke a few quiet words to Peter, before leaving him alone.

When Vic rejoined Karen, she could see the anticipation in his eyes. "What are you most keen to find out?" she asked. It was a question she had asked many times before.

Vic thought for only a second, "Seeing how they each react when they see a member of the opposite sex for the first time should be interesting. But then I hope to observe how quickly they discover sex, and how to do it. Plus, how long will it take them to use different techniques?"

Karen had heard him raise this question before, but he had never elaborated. "What would you expect?" she asked, standing c lose to him.

He placed a hand on her shoulder, "Going back into history, it will be interesting to find out how foreplay developed. We know from ancient pictures, like those from Pompeii, that cunnilingus and fellatio were known then. But were they a gradual discovery?" He gave her a quick smile, "Is Sara all set for this first meeting."

"You've already asked that, but yes, everything is set. They've both been off the medicine for three days, and observation has been increased to detect if they have any urges before they meet."

"Hell, yes, as the medication wears off they might get horny too early. You've had Sara on the pill for a couple of months. But I'd be most surprised if it got that far tomorrow."

Karen laughed, "I would never allow it on a first date."

Vic joined in with her laughter, "As I know all too well. Will she be on her way?"

"I gave Marie an exact time," Karen said, looking nervously at her watch. "It's that time now. She's been told that the door will be locked behind her, but she only needs to knock if she wants to be out."

"Hope that's not the case."

The door in the room where Peter sat, began to open. "Here we go."

That morning, Peter woke up as the usual alarm sounded. Another day. He sighed as the sense of emptiness in his life hit him again. Everything should be good, plenty of games, a good few books, acceptable education, laughter with his mates and with their mentors, who were all good blokes. No complaints about the food either, but there had to be something more. 

There was so much physical activity, cross country through the fields and trees as far as the high fence, which shut out the dangerous creatures that, they were told, prowled out there. The gymnasium was filled with all kinds of equipment to keep them well muscled and fit. Peter particularly enjoyed the self defence activities, which pitted them against each other, and, in which, they had occasional championships which he had won quite a few times.

One great pastime which they all enjoyed was fooling around with the old banger of a car, an ancient Cortina, that at least three of them had learned to drive. There was enough space to have a good spin around the grassed areas. Peter loved that and felt he had become an accomplished driver, but then he would be hit with the thought of what good was it, if he wasn't going anywhere. Gradually the presence of that car began to filter into his thinking around getting out of the manor.

In his mind were certain ideas about seeing beyond that damned fence. Over the past couple of years he had wondered about the stories of fierce creatures out there. If they were really there, why had they never seen any? Beyond the fields only thick forest could be seen. Peter and one or two others had asked how far the forest extended, and a mentor had told them, "Oh, hundreds of miles."

For two months now, Peter had hidden, at the bottom of his bag of possessions, one of the master keys that all the mentors and doctors had. It had been a stroke of luck really. They had been outside kicking a ball around, and Guy, one of the athletic mentors, had been about to open the stock room where all the gear was kept, when he had been attacked by a couple of wasps. 

While some of the lads laughed and yelled, "It's your smelly hair gel that draws them." Guy had been swiping wildly at the invading insects. So vigorously, that the master key had flown out of his hand. Peter had seen it fly and caught it. On looking round he saw that nobody had noticed. There had followed a frantic search, some later investigation of all property, but now the affair had calmed down, and that key, soon, would be part of his passport out of here and into, what, he imagined, was a wide world.

But there was this other strange physical thing which had happened to him for the second time in the last three days. He threw back the covers to look at what had happened to his penis, or cock, as the mentors called it. God, it jutted out like some kind of purple headed monster that shouldn't be there. He ran his fingers over it. Oh, that was a quite pleasant sensation. How could it be three times bigger than when it was down? His fingers rubbed gently along the underside. Wow, he could really enjoy---

His room door opened and Harry, one of the mentors was there, "Trouble with that thing again, Peter? Come on, cold shower."

Reluctantly, Peter took his hand away from his hard penis, and followed Harry out to the bathroom. First time this had happened there was no doubt, the cold shower had calmed things back to normal. But today Peter wasn't sure he wanted it to.

"Don't worry about it. We'll get the doc to check you out."

The first blast of cold water did have the expected effect. When he was dried and dressed and they were on their way to the breakfast room, Harry said, "I think I'm allowed to tell you. You'll be having a new experience this afternoon."

"How?"

"I'm not allowed to tell you that much, but it is different. Very."

Curiosity only slightly raised, Peter carried on with his morning activities, an English lesson, a maths session, and a general talk from Dr Garven, which had been very interesting. More importantly he told them, "Up to now we've addressed you as boys, but I think it fair to say that you can now be regarded as young men."

After the talk from Dr Garven, they had been taken on a cross country run. A regular activity, this one. The run took them across level fields of grass and heather. They ran through a small copse of trees, and out to a stretch of the high wire fence. 

Peter had checked this stretch of fence on an earlier run, when he'd noticed one of the post fastenings had come adrift. On each subsequent run he had hung back a little, to tug at the fence, and find that other fastenings could be loosened. A glimmer of an idea for escape had begun to form. But would he want to? The desire to know what was out their, hazard or freedom, was strong.
