 I'd been out on site all day, overseeing the finishing touches to some construction the company was doing. Come three o'clock and everything was done and I had nothing else lined up. Well, that's not quite true. I had a lot of work lined up but nothing that couldn't be put off until the next day. I decided to call it a day and go home early.

I rang Melanie, told her that I was knocking off and that she might as well finish whatever she was currently working on and go home early as well. After all, if I was knocking off, why shouldn't she? Makes for good staff relations.

Returning to my car I found I had a satchel full of expensive items that I had meant to take to the office. Main reason being the value of said items. If I took them home and the house got knocked over, or left them in the car and lost them, the insurance wouldn't cover them. Insurance companies are funny that way, always insisting expensive stuff be under lock and key. It was irritating but I'd have to swing past the office and put the satchel in the safe. Maybe it was time I got a home safe. Something to think about. 

I drove straight to the office. I noticed that Melanie's car was still there and reminded myself to chase her off. The early finish would be good for her. I walked down to my office and in, closing the door behind me. Then I froze in shock.

I wasn't the only one frozen in shock. So was Melanie, staring at me with big eyes as if she couldn't believe I was actually there. The big difference between us as we imitated a pair of statues was our clothing. I was still wearing a suit. Melanie was wearing skin, and a lot of it. Oh, wait. She did have on a tiny pair of panties.

Having keen gifts of observation and deduction I noticed that Melanie's normal office wear was folded neatly on her desk, right next to some somewhat more casual clothing. I promptly deduced the fact that she'd taken advantage of my not being there, and not expected, to change into casual clothes.

Sun-kissed was how I would describe that fascinating array of skin she was showing. White with just a delicate tan. Even her breasts had the same faint tan with no discernible tan-lines which led to the conclusion that she sun-bathed topless. 

Her breasts. I had known she'd had a fine pair even though I'd never actually seen them. Something as magnificent as those was kind of hard to hide, although her prim secretarial blouses did a reasonable job. Only of hiding the details, not the fact that she had a marvellous pair. Now they were on display in front of me, full bodied and firm, standing out with no hint of a sag. OK, maybe there was just the faintest hint, but she'd still pass the pencil test. 

Her nipples were erect and pointing at me. Maybe I'm flattering myself but I suspected that that was because she'd been caught naked and that I was looking at her. A natural reaction. (I mean the nipples being erect, although my staring at them was also a natural reaction.) 

She was currently holding a pair of shorts, probably intending to put them on. I just plucked them out of her hands and tossed them onto her desk with the rest of her clothes. My eyes dropped and fastened on her panties. Curiosity raised its head. Did she sun-bathe naked?

I went down on one knee, took hold of her panties and took them down. She stepped out of them as though in a dream, now standing before me genuinely naked and oh so shapely and enticing. And while she didn't sun-bathe naked her bikini appeared to be enchantingly small.

My hand brushed against one of her lovely breasts, slowly stoking down until I crossed her mons, slipped between her legs and cupped her mound. I gently squeezed it and then started rubbing. 

Melanie opened her mouth to say something but I stopped her. A finger lightly pressed against her mouth while I gently shook my head. I wasn't interested in any words at this stage. A little pressure and she moved back slightly, backing up against her desk, her bottom not quite sitting on it. A little more pressure and she was leaning back against the desk, her hands behind her, propping her up. Once again my hand traced the arch of her body, this time starting from below and finishing with my hand cupping her breast, my thumb tracing lazy circles with her nipple.

My hand dropped and I stepped back a little to give myself some room. My belt unbuckled and my trousers dropped, followed by my shorts. Not surprisingly I had an erection. Also not surprisingly Melanie spotted it straight away. Now she was looking somewhat flustered. Her eyes jerked back up to me and she opened her mouth again.

A finger on her lips told her to stay quiet while I moved closer. I brushed my erection against her mound, just moving it along her slit. Her eyes dropped and she watched what I was doing. She barely seemed to be breathing and I idly wondered if she was holding her breath.

My cock settled at one point and I gently pressed forward, feeling her lips yield to that slight pressure. Entering her I moved deeper, her passage hot and wet, tight and clinging, yielding reluctantly to me but still yielding. I kept up a steady pressure, wanting nothing more than to be fully inside her. 

Groin pressing against groin, I leaned heavily over her, our only real point of contact being where my cock pressed so deep into her. It was time to start moving and my hands captured her breasts, rubbing them in gentle circles, feeling her nipples, hard little nubs pressing against my palms.

I started moving within her, pulling back and returning firmly, our groins slapping lightly together. Melanie, I was happy to note, was not backwards about thrusting herself forward, pushing herself firmly against my cock, helping to drive it deep. 

I have to say she felt just fine wrapped around my cock the way she was. I slowly increased the speed, finally settling into a nice rhythm, trying my best to make this last. Melanie was gasping and making cute little sounds of pleasure and I did my best to keep her satisfied.

Eventually I had to start putting more effort into what I was doing. While thoroughly enjoyable, there was something missing, and a little extra friction would help produce that missing something. Melanie adjusted to the change with remarkable ease, and it seemed to me that there was a new urgency to the way she was moving. I picked up on that urgency, providing my own sense of need, and we fed off each other's passion.

I wasn't surprised when Melanie climaxed, a climaxed announced by a loud hissing sound as she clamped her mouth closed against any screams. While she shuddered through her climax I added my own note to the action, climaxing myself with a sudden jerking motion, relief rushing through me as I flooded her.

- - -

I was as nervous as a kitten when I headed off to work in the morning. Yesterday Mr Harris had returned to the office unexpectedly and had caught me at a most unfortunate moment. I won't go into details about what happened but I will say he took advantage of the situation. I was determined that such a thing wouldn't happen again and I was going to make that clear to him as soon as he arrived. 

I arrived at the office early. I wanted to be sure I was sitting behind my desk working when Mr Harris finally arrived. I always feel more in control of a situation when I'm behind my desk. I took off my jacket and hung it up, turned around, and found myself facing Mr Harris. For a big man he certainly moves quietly. I hadn't even heard him come in.

My first instinct was to back away from him. Saner councils prevailed, reminding me of just what had happened when I'd backed away from him the day before. I stood my ground, even though I was blushing slightly.

"Mr Harris, I feel we should discuss what happened yesterday," I told him in a voice that wasn't nearly as firm as I'd imagined it would be.

"Certainly, if you feel this is necessary," he told me, smiling at me. 

Before I could say anything he had my elbow and used it to have me turn around, edging me towards my desk. 

"I want to stress that what happened was an aberration and it mustn't happen again," I told him.

I found that he'd moved me too close to my desk and I had to put my hands out to stop myself tripping and falling over it.

"You do understand that that sort of behaviour can affect the work environment," I told him, and found he was lifting up the back of my skirt.

"Will you stop that and listen to me," I snapped at him.

"Mm-hmm," he murmured, sounding as though he was agreeing, but if he was agreeing why was he pulling down my panties?

"Are you listening to me?" I demanded, feeling his hand close over me in a most intimate way and start rubbing me.

"Um, what?" he asked. "Oh, sorry. You had something to tell me, didn't you? I'm afraid I wasn't really listening. I'm just a little distracted right now. Why don't you start from the beginning and I'll try to pay closer attention."

"I was saying that what happened yesterday was an aberration and shouldn't happen again," I managed to tell him. "Ah, your hand!"

"I quite understand that," he agreed, although his agreeing didn't seem to help in having him remove his hand. "I have to confess that I never really expected you to strip off in the office a second time. I assumed that it only happened because you thought I wouldn't be in and I certainly hadn't intended to be. So don't worry about that. I'll assume that you'll keep your clothes on in future."

"That's not what I meant," I protested. "I certainly intend to make sure I'm not caught out like that again. I'm talking about what happened afterwards."

I felt a momentary relief as he removed his hand. That moment passed dreadfully quickly as I found something else was rubbing against me.

"Afterwards?" he said, sounding surprised. "Oh, you mean this sort of thing?"

I could only make a sound that didn't make any sense, even to me, as I could feel his cock pushing into me. I had a sudden vivid recollection of how big it had looked and felt the day before and what I was feeling now was telling me that my memory was understating the size of him, if anything. 

"Yes," I managed to say, meaning that this was just the sort of thing that should not happen. Did he take it that way? Did he what.

"Yes, indeed," he said softly, driving in harder, and I could feel him making his way deep inside me, my passage recalling what had happened the day before and happily allowing him to pass.

Now what was I supposed to do? The day before I'd been naked and had felt helpless before him. I'd just let him do what he wanted without a thought of resistance. Oh, I had tried to tell him no but he'd just hushed me up before I could say a word. Odd, really, when I had no trouble at all in telling my boyfriend to back off. This time I'd been telling him no even before my panties dropped. At least, I think I had been. The man was just confusing me. 

I was overthinking things. This was brought sharply to my attention when I found Mr Harris was moving back and forth, driving in, retreating, and driving in again. And I was moving with him, pushing firmly to meet him, encouraging him to come into me as deep as possible. Deeper even. While I'd been thinking my body had been reacting and I had no chance of stopping anything now.

I sighed, feeling his cock sliding along my passage, his hot, hard, member rubbing against me, filling me, heating me, exciting me. He seemed to take my sigh for a sigh of pleasure, stepping up the pace, his groin slapping loudly against me.

He kept it up, driving in, in, in. Oddly enough I found I missed having his hands on my breasts. Maybe next time. What was I thinking? There wasn't going to be a next time. There wasn't even supposed to be a this time. And still he kept going and my mind was totally confused and wandering. My body wasn't. It seemed to know exactly what it was doing and was enjoying every moment, every stroke.

My excitement was building and there was nothing I could do about it. Nothing I wanted to do about it. I just let it all happen, Mr Harris doing all the work and me just responding, moving with him. Well, why not? He was the boss.

And the boss was now really getting down to business. He was driving in harder and faster and there was no way I could handle him for much longer. I couldn't think straight and was reduced to just responding mindlessly and then my climax hit me. I remembered I couldn't scream or make any real noise, seeing that I was at work, but I felt that climax right down to my toes.

Finally I put my foot down and informed Mr Harris that that sort of behaviour was inappropriate to the workplace. I insisted that he should refrain from such untoward behaviour in the future. He listened very politely and agreed that I had a point. He was a model of decorum for the rest of the day. 

It turned out I hadn't been quite explicit enough in what I expected in the way of future behaviour where he was concerned. There was a knock on the door of my flat that evening and I found Mr Harris standing there. I automatically told him to come in. Silly me.