 It all started on what I thought was going to be the worst day of my life. I was pitching a huge client for our company, and I wasn't as prepared as I had hoped to be. I had stayed up all night working hard in my office, and fell asleep at my desk. Fortunately, being a senior vice president does have its perks, and I have a small private washroom that connects to my office. I keep several changes of clothes in there, so I went in, took a shower, shaved, and got dressed to face the day.

Around 8:30, Jennifer came in to my office. She was reading some papers as she walked in, and when she got closer to my desk to lay them in my inbox, she finally looked up to see my in my chair. 

"Shit!" she screamed, and then realized it was me. "Sorry Mr. Davies, I didn't expect to see you here so early, you scared me." Normally, she wouldn't see me here before 9:00, since I always have to fight the traffic, and I just can't seem to pull myself out of bed as early as I used to. Not that I'm old; in fact, I'm the youngest executive in the firm, and I can still run circles around some of my younger staff. I still work out regularly; but with my short blond hair starting to show streaks of gray around the temples, I am certainly no spring chicken.

"Humph" I was still sort of out of it. But right then, I caught just the slightest hint of her perfume, and I became instantly more alert. The women of the office were discouraged from wearing perfume by the Human Resources department. There wasn't a rule against it, but they did make sure that every female heard it before they started working here. I guess H.R. thought that with all the women wearing perfume, no men would ever do any real work. Ha , I thought to myself, how right they were. 

"Sorry Jen, I was here all night. I'm meeting with the new clients this afternoon, and I was up late working on the proposal. And that reminds me, do you have the copies I asked for yesterday?"

"Yes, they're at my desk. I'll go get them for you." She dropped the papers she'd been carrying into my inbox, and turned on her heel to go back to her desk. When the door to my office is open, like it usually is, I can see her desk from mine. Many a day I have been guilty of looking over her perfect body and she does trivial office work, lusting after her with all the thoughts of a horny school boy. My eyes shot to her feet as she walked away. She was wearing her favorite black heels, the ones that made her calves look like they were sculpted by gods. She had amazing legs. My eyes made a slow migration up those beautiful walkers to her perfectly round ass. She was wearing a dark gray skirt suit today, and it drove me nuts. She must have had it tailored specifically for her, because it showed off her every asset, and hid any flaw that may have existed. Not that I believed her body was anything less than perfect. My cock started to come alive as she reached her desk, because as soon as she did, she bent over without delay to grab the copies I had asked for. I don't normally see her do that, so my mind was racing. Is she showing off for me? She never does that. In fact, she's always been a model of professionalism, not that I would mind if she wasn't. At least not with me. 

As she was bent down, I could see her white silk blouse open up ever-so-slightly, giving me just a peak at her cleavage. By now, my cock was really getting aroused, so I tried to shift in my seat so it wouldn't be so obvious to her. Then, she stood up, and I saw her like I had never seen her before.

She was 27 years old, and in amazing shape. At 5'4" and barely tipping the scales at 105#, she was a little on the short side, but also slim and petite enough so that she was completely proportionate. There could not have been an ounce of fat on her. She had her shoulder length, bright red hair pulled back, and twisted up, in one of those clips that always keep men guessing how they are used. Gorgeous blue-green eyes and half a dozen freckles on her ivory cheekbones made her Irish heritage obvious, but it was her magnificent breasts that drew the most attention from men. I was never really sure whether she was a full B cup, or a small C, I guess only Victoria knew that secret. But round and perky they were, and they always filled out her suit jackets. Company policy is to always wear the jacket, so I had never seen them pressing against her silk blouses, begging to be let free. It was a sight that only my mind's eye had been privy to. But here she was, slowly tracing her way back towards me, and I was almost fully aroused.

"I got you two hundred copies like you asked for, Mr. Davies. I also put your presentation onto a CD for you, and went ahead and re-checked the reservation for your conference room this afternoon at 3:00." She put down the box and looked deep into my eyes. Was that a different look than she'd ever given to me?  I couldn't be sure, but adrenaline started pumping into my veins anyway.

"Thanks Jen. And how long have you worked for me now?" I asked, already knowing the answer.

"Wow, since right after I moved here, so that would be almost two years."

"Exactly. I think that we've worked together long enough now for you to call me Michael. Actually, make it Mike." I paused, feeling strange being so formal. I tried to regain myself. "I mean, you know, at least when you are in my office. Outside of here, it's still company rule to call me Mr. Davies, but I think we're past all of that formality now."

"Yes, Mr. ...I mean, Mike." She let a little giggle out, almost like a teenage girl. At once, I could tell she was embarrassed by the gaffe, and she blushed. "Sorry, that was strange hearing myself say that for the first time. I like it though. Thank you, it will make our work relationship a little easier on me, I think." 

She paused; and put her ass up to the edge of my desk. At first, I wasn't sure what she was doing, but she propped herself up onto the edge, and crossed her legs and then gave me a look I'll never forget. "You really need to relax before this presentation. I know how important this is to the partners, and I know you take that responsibility very seriously. Besides, if you keep your job, then I keep working for you, right?" I nodded, not sure where she was going with this, but excited that she was sitting on my desk in the exact same pose I had often fantasized about. "And since I really love working for you, I think you need to keep working here. Let me help you relax a little bit."

With that, she jumped off the desk and onto the floor. She walked over to the door to my office, and shut it slowly. The lights in my office don't dim, but they do have individual controls, so she reached over and turned out all but one. As she came back toward me, she unbuttoned her jacket, and placed it on the couch opposite my desk.

"I'm sure you're super tense from working all night. Besides, sleeping here can't be good for your back and neck." She slid my jacket off of my shoulders, and began kneading her delicate fingers into my neck. I pulled the jacket off the rest of the way, and flung it toward the coat hook on the wall. It didn't come close to making it, but I didn't care. A beautiful woman was giving me a massage, and I thought life didn't get any better. 

"Wow, you really ARE tense." She said, as he moved her fingers gently up and down my neck. My whole body was awake then, feeling every single hair she moved as her soft hands ran over them. Her hands ran up my neck and onto my head, fingers gently pushing my hair in every direction. Just the feel of her touch kept me aroused. I wasn't fully hard yet, but I was certainly getting there. 

I reached up with my hands and placed them on hers. She moved my hands around my head and neck for another minute or so, and then I moved my hands up her arms. Past her shoulders, I put my hands behind her head, and I pulled her down toward me. Leaning my head back, my lips met with hers, and an electric spark ran through me. It hadn't been too long since I'd last been with a woman, but this time I was different. This time, it was an object of pure lust, and unobtainable person that I was now kissing. I was floored.

"Mike, that was really nice. But let's not do that again." My heart fell all the way to the floor. She came around from behind my chair, and looked at me. "No, if we're going to do that, we need to do it right." She hiked up her skirt, and placed one knee beside my leg. Then she brought up the other knee, straddling me, with her arms around my neck. I leaned up and she leaned in, and we kissed again for what seemed like an eternity. 

"You don't know how many times I've imagined this, Mike." She said, once our kiss had broken. "Everyday I come into this office, and leave an unsatisfied woman."

I chuckled. "Well, I have been thinking about it too, but I was so afraid of being sued for advancing on you, that I never made a move. You are quite simply, the most beautiful woman I've EVER seen." I kissed her again, this time more passionately, and then my kisses began migrating toward her neck. I kissed the nape of her neck, right below her left ear, and heard her let out the sexiest moan I'd ever gotten from a woman. My left hand moved to her ass, cupping it, and giving it a gentle squeeze. My right moved up to her left breast, and doing the same. As I kissed her collarbone, my fingers deftly undid the row of buttons on her blouse, and it parted to reveal those perfect breasts. As I caressed the tops of her mounds, she moved her arms and slowly allowed her shirt to fall away to the floor.

"Oh, Baby." She cried, "We need to keep this going." She pushed up on her feet, and sat back on my desk. I started to get up, but the look in her eyes told me not to. Her feet pushed my chair back to the cabinet behind, and again she stood up from the desk. Kicking off her shoes, she pulled at my tie, slowly releasing the knot as she bent down to kiss me again. Pushing her tongue deep into my mouth, she worked her way down the long row of buttons that held my shirt on. When she got to my waist, she paused. My dick was sticking out from underneath my pants, and since I was now rock hard, it wasn't going anywhere. "Holy shit! That thing comes up past your belt?"

At eight inches long and three inches around, I consider myself fairly well-endowed. I'm nobody's porn star, mind you, but I have never received a complaint yet about being too small. As she undid my belt and the buttons to my pants, she pulled them away, taking my shoes and sock with them. They were casually thrown somewhere near where my jacket had landed by the door. With my boxers still on, she grabbed my completely solid member, and began slowly rubbing it through the cloth. Staring down at her, I felt like I was going to explode right then. Thankfully, I got hold of myself, and held off on that for the time being. I put my hands on my waist, and slid off my boxers. Then I stroked her hair, and reached behind her head to release it from captivity. Her hair fell all around her face, framing it perfectly, and making her even more beautiful. As she kissed my stomach and ran her hands up and down my thighs, I went back to unhook her bra. A white lace affair, it wasn't what I would call racy, but it certainly was meant for more than just office wear. As it fell from her shoulders, her perfect tits were at once accessible to my lustful eyes, and I stared at them for a minute before Jennifer broke my thoughts.

"Do you like them?" She asked, wistfully, as though she already knew the answer.

"Of course; they're spectacular. I've dreamed of finding a perfect pair of tits on the perfect body, and today it looks like dreams really do come true." Sure, it was corny, but sweet talk usually is, and to be brutally honest I'd never seen any that were so round and symmetrical. They really were as perfect as nature can make them.

No sooner had I spoken those words than she smiled, and grabbed the shaft of my cock. Shooting one more glance into my eyes, and look of mischief crept across her face, and she dove right onto my now throbbing pole. She started off slowly, kissing the tip, and licking the pre-cum off of the end. Her one hand was around my ass, and her other held my balls, gently massaging them as her warm mouth covered my shaft. "Take it all in." I said, looking down at her. She looked back at me with the tip of my cock in her mouth, and smiled. She tilted her head forward, brought both of her hands to my balls, and went straight down to the base of my cock. Oh, wow. I thought, this girl really knows her stuff.  Her head bobbed slightly, her tongue moving all around my shaft, and the back of her throat pushing up against me. She stroked my shaft until I was almost completely ready to come. Sensing I was getting close, she stopped and backed away for a brief moment.

"You have the biggest cock I've ever sucked." A little pre-cum still lingered on her lips. "Now I want you to fuck me on your desk. Make me come like never before"

She started to stand, but I reached down and pulled her up. With one arm behind her back, and one under her legs, I put her back into the end of my desk. Topless, she looked even more amazing sitting there than she had just moments before. As I slid my hand along the inside of her thigh, I realized something for the very first time. She's not wearing any panties.

My fingers had found her pussy lips bare, and hot to the touch. She smiled at my revelation, and I slipped a finger into her soaking wet slit. Another moan, and she arched her back, bringing her tits right to my face. I kissed them both, and gently sucked on one nipple as I slid my finger farther into her. Twisting it upwards, I pressed where I knew her G-Spot would me and she gasped. Yup, that must be it. 

As if he heard my thoughts, she said "Oh damn, baby. You know exactly where you're going, don't you? That's it right there." I finger fucked her for a minute longer, and then I hiked up her skirt all the way to her waist. I wasn't about to waste valuable time taking that thing off. Sliding her ass to the very edge, I stood up fully so that my cock was directly in line with her glistening pussy. She was completely shaved, a fact I very much appreciated. Her cunt was flush with blood, ready for action. I moved closer, and rubbed the tip of my dick onto her pussy lips. "Fuck me, FUCK me, FUCK ME!" She half screamed, barely able to control her anticipation. I shoved my dick the whole way into her, and her whole body shook in pleasure. As she rode the wave of the orgasm, I began slowly pumping her in order to sustain it as long as possible. When she had come down a bit, I began thrusting harder, and faster, and soon she was shuddering again. This time, though, it was massive. Her whole body shook. The spasms in her body rocked through my cock, and I couldn't hold on any longer. My dick shot out my seed so hard, I thought it would pop her head off.

"Ooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh." She shuddered again, with her third orgasm. "You fuck like a pro." I smiled at her.

"Glad to be of service, sweetie. I guess you just needed a good hump."

"Apparently not as much as you did. I can see it in your face, you're already relaxed."

I was, actually. And to make it all better, she got back on her knees and licked off the cum and pussy juice from my softening rod. That was almost too much to take. 

"Jennifer, that was amazing. Personally, I think I need to start having 'Lunch' in my office from now on." I winked at her, which brought back another girlish giggle from her.

As she sat back down on my lap, she put her arms back around me and whispered: "Anytime you want, Mr. Davies, anytime you want."