 I grew up in a strict, religious, cold family environment in a small town in the Midwest, and I didn't begin to question my place in it till my late teens. The first step in the process was losing my religious faith, which began when I started reading the Bible closely. The second was losing my virginity, shortly after my eighteenth birthday, to my one and only boyfriend. A selfish, immature fellow whom I soon lost interest in.

I enrolled for a year at a technical college far enough away from home to get me clear of my straight-laced family. I lived in a dormitory residence and made a few friends. I even got laid a couple of times just for the experience. Nothing serious developed.

Before my twentieth birthday I made it to the big city, where I landed a job, much to my amazement, as a personal assistant cum secretary to a rather dishy business executive who worked out of a fifteenth floor office in a downtown high-rise. My qualifications weren't the greatest and for weeks I wondered why was hired. Then one day Mr. Holt told me the reason.

"Because you're beautiful," he said. "I hired you because I like being around young, attractive women. And you're the most stunningly gorgeous young lady I've ever come across."

I blushed, of course, and half expected a pass to follow up this admission. By then I wouldn't have minded, because I'd developed quite a crush on handsome Mr. Holt. But none came. He was always so respectful, so reserved. It was all part of his sweet, even-tempered nature.

And it turned out the job was relatively easy. I took care of e-mails and fairly simple paper work, ran errands, fielded phone calls. Much of this Mr. Holt could have dealt with himself, but he could afford to pay me to help out and, as he said, he liked having me around.

I occupied a small reception area outside his office and the weeks went by with very few visitors. Most of the time we were alone in that section of the fifteenth floor and I enjoyed the quiet, relaxed aura of the place, especially in the late afternoons and early evenings. For our days started late and went long. Over time I got to learn the main reason for this.

Mr. Holt was in his mid-forties, and had two sons who had already left home to start careers of their own. But he was married to a woman a few years older than himself, I learned, and she had many medical issues. She was also not a very easy woman to get along with. I never met her, but on the few occasions when she called on the phone she was very abrupt and rude to me. She never even bothered to ask my name. She demanded to know why her husband didn't answer his own phone. After talking to her I thought I knew the answer to that. And I understood why Mr. Holt liked to work into the evening and put off going home. 

He never talked about his troubled home life except for giving me the general outline of the situation. But one detail he did let slip was that he and his wife slept in separate bedrooms and had done so for the last five years. Was it any wonder he looked so sad sometimes, though he was always ready to smile at me when I entered the room.

We would sometimes go out for dinner after our long days and he would rarely talk about himself, preferring to ask me about my own life, my interests, my past, my future plans. He was amazed that I didn't have a boyfriend. I didn't tell him of course that I already had quite a crush on someone. Someone who was sitting right across the table from me.

Things might have gone along in this manner for ages but for what happened on my birthday. I came back from some errand to find an expensive bouquet of flowers on my desk along with the sweetest note, telling me what a difference my presence had made in his life the past few months.

I strode into his office, welcomed as usual by the warmest smile, and as he stood up I moved around his desk and gave him a hug. Which lasted and lasted and lasted.

When we finally looked at each other a kiss was inevitable. A kiss which lasted and lasted and lasted. Till we were hungrily tonguing each other and I could feel his hands reaching down to clutch at my ass. I could also feel a solid bulge at his crotch as he hugged me to him.

"Such a stunning ass," he muttered as our kiss finally broke off. "Have you any idea how long I've lusted after your gorgeous, incredible ass?"

I couldn't answer. I was too excited. I was breathless. And I had no resistance, only a joyful thrill as I felt his hands on my hips, gently raising my skirt higher and higher.

When it was up around my waist he gently lifted me onto his desk and eased me onto my back. Then he was urging my legs apart and stroking his hands up and down the material of my stockings. His head dipped down and he began licking my crotch through my panties.

I was already wet. I'm sure my underpants showed tell-tale signs of pussy juice. But they were soon much wetter, as he continued to lick and kiss my cunt through the material.

And all the time his hands were stroking up and down my inner thighs, making soft rasping sounds against my stockings.

"Oh fuck! Oh fuck!" I mumbled. I could feel an orgasm building already, and he hadn't even gotten my panties off!

Eventually he did raise his head, though I sensed he didn't want to. He was so hungry for me! It was as if he hadn't had any sex in years, which may well have been the case.

He hooked his fingers into the waist-band of my underpants and hauled them down. I closed my legs and in seconds I was naked from the waist down but for my stockings. His head dipped back down between my legs and he began to lick my outer labia, scraping his tongue up one side and down the other. Then his tongue went lower, to the center of things, and he started licking between the pulpy lips in long, slow, languorous strokes.

"Sweet fuck! Sweet fuck!" I panted. I was writhing on the desk, and I heard papers and writing materials falling to the floor.

Then he touched my clit, gently at first, with the tip of his tongue, and a surge of rapture went through me. It felt so good! No one had ever done this to me before. None of the so-called studs I'd had previously, and I could count them on one hand, had taken the time or the trouble to do this to me, so intent were they on their own pleasure. And now I was in heaven, floating on a cloud of joy as the orgasm grew and grew inside me.

He began to work on my clit in earnest, flicking it with his tongue this way and that. He pressed it down harshly, then backed off, barely touching it with the tip of his tongue. He teased me and played with me, pushing me ever closer to a shattering climax.

"Beautiful, beautiful cunt," he gasped at one point, before dipping back down. His fingers gently pried open my outer labia till I'm sure I was gaping inches wide.

I began moaning. I was somewhere beyond speech. I was writhing and wriggling so hard I'm amazed he could stay with me. But he did. He didn't let up. He kept working my clit till I thought I would burst. And eventually I did. Waves of intense pleasure rolled through me and in the throes of my climax I began to spurt great gouts of pussy juice all over his face! Jet after jet of the stuff spurted out, and what didn't hit him in the face shot halfway across the room! What an orgasm! What a fucking thrill! I seemed to be almost peeing on him, so much juice shot free! And all the while the most intense, mind-blowing pleasure ripping through me. I couldn't believe such rapture was possible. And it seemed to go on and on and on. I wanted it to! I never wanted it to end!

But eventually of course it faded. The pleasure subsided. And my thighs and belly and pussy too, I'm sure, were left to twitch and ripple with after-shocks. With his mouth and tongue still locked to my cunt, licking, slurping, cleaning up my spasming twat.

"I'm so sorry! I almost drowned you!" I gasped at last, staring down at his streaming face.

"Never apologize for your pleasure, darling," he muttered, raising his head from my crotch for the first time in what seemed like hours. "Never apologize for a sweet, sweet orgasm."

He was standing up, unbuckling his belt, dropping his pants and shoving down his shorts. A huge, thick hard-on sprang into view. I'd never seen anything so big, so beautiful, so mouth-watering. My first instinct was to reach for it, to scramble down and stuff it in my mouth, but he was too quick for me, too hungry. He gripped it in his fist and slotted the purplish head between the lips of my gaping cunt. He eased forward, burying inch after inch of rock-hard cock up inside me. He didn't pause till the whole thing was rammed up my cunt. Then he rested for a second, gazing down into my face with the strangest expression. There was lust in that look, a deep, yearning need. But there was also affection and, unless I was imagining it, gratitude.

Then he was moving, fucking me, ramming his prick in and out of me with deep, steady lunges. He was panting, gasping with excitement, and I got the feeling it would only be a matter of seconds before he climaxed. I sensed a second orgasm growing myself, something I'd never experienced before. I wrapped my legs around him and tried to pull him deeper into me, but he was already plowing me to the depths. 

He reached down suddenly, gripped the front of my blouse and tore it open. Buttons popped and went flying across the room. He grabbed my bra and forced it up and off my tits. As they wobbled free he gripped one in each hand and began kneading them, rolling them around on my chest. He thumbed the distended nipples, sending sparks of pleasure through me. My second orgasm grew closer and closer.

He continued thrusting into me for maybe another minute. By then my climax was bursting through me and I'm sure more pussy juice was squelching around his cock. He gave off a small groan, shuddered, and bent down to draw one stiff nipple into his mouth. He began to suck, and I knew he was coming too, spurting hot wads of semen deep inside me. He kept on thrusting, as if he had endless supplies of sperm to deposit. And wave after wave of pleasure roared through me. Our mutual climax seemed to go on and on.

Eventually he did slow down, and my rapturous second orgasm faded. But he stayed inside me for the longest time, as if he couldn't bear to withdraw. And I clutched him tight to me, my legs still wrapped around his hips.

I'm not sure how long we stayed locked together like that, sprawled across his desk. It seemed like half the afternoon rolled by. But at last he pulled out of me and sank back in his chair. I stayed on his desk, my feet on its edge, my legs spread wide. And from what I could see of his face I knew he was gazing at my gaping cunt.

"What are you thinking?" I asked.

He was silent for some time.

"I was just thinking what an amazing young woman you are," he said at last. "And I'm thinking that as I watch stream after stream of my semen pour out of your sweet pussy."

I laughed. And I stayed where I was on the desk, letting him enjoy the sight of his sperm oozing from me. I was basking in the afterglow, not wanting this wonderful afternoon to end.

But end of course it did. Eventually we came to our senses and slowly put our clothes back in order. I could no longer button my blouse of course, and we laughed about that. We smiled and laughed over virtually nothing as we came down from our incredible high.

And of course any further concentration was out of the question so we decided to close the office for the day. We hugged. We kissed. And I suppose as we left that afternoon we both wondered where this was leading and what was it exactly we'd gotten ourselves into.

I was halfway to the elevator when I heard the office phone ring. He was about to close the door but went back inside to answer it. I waited for him and couldn't help hearing a word or two of his conversation. He was obviously talking with his wife, and as so often happened he was being very defensive. She could get so angry with him. Abusive, almost. And he was always so calm, so soothing. I moved down the hall so that I couldn't hear what he was saying. She was probably giving him hell for not answering his cell phone. He often turned it off or left it down in his car.

Eventually he hung up and joined me by the elevators, a sheepish grin on his face. 

"I was hoping we could have a quiet dinner together," he apologized. "But I have to get straight home."

"Everything okay?"

"As good as it ever gets," he said quietly. And we rode down to the parking lot in silence.

As I strode to my car I could feel a dampness soiling my thighs. His semen was oozing from my pussy still. On the drive home I caught a glimpse of my face in the rear-view mirror. I was grinning crazily.

That was Friday. I spent a quiet, restful weekend, utterly contented, and on Monday went in to work half an hour early. I wouldn't say I was in love exactly, but I certainly felt as calm and carefree as I'd been in a long time.

Mr. Holt didn't show up till mid-afternoon. He smiled at me in his usual, pleasant way and asked if he could see me for a private talk. My heart skipped a beat and I made my way into his office. On the way I had a sudden thought. Was he going to fire me?

"I just wanted to talk to you about what happened between us on Friday," he began. "I think I need to apologize. I took advantage of you. It was unforgivable."

I stared at him over the desk, not quite believing what I was hearing.

"I'm a middle-aged married man and you're so young and so ... incredibly beautiful. I had no right to force myself on you."

For a moment I didn't know what to say. I continued to stare at him across the desk.

"If you want to quit I understand. I just wanted to say I'm sorry," he went on.

"You have nothing to apologize for," I said at last. "Didn't you tell me never to apologize for a terrific orgasm, or words to that effect? You certainly didn't force yourself on me. What happened between us I wanted to happen. In fact I want it to happen again. I want it to continue. I certainly don't want to quit."

"Are you serious?"

I stood up. I strode around his desk and he swivelled in his chair to face me. I dropped to my knees, stroked my hands up and down his thighs. I moved my hand between his legs and slid it up and down along the bulk of his cock. It felt solid and partially erect already.

"Why don't I show you just how serious I am?" I teased. "And you can keep telling me how sorry you are."

I slowly unbuckled his belt and unzipped his fly. I asked him to raise up enough for me to haul down his pants and shorts. His big cock swayed into view, not fully erect but well on its way. I took it in hand, shucked it up and down a couple of times, then began to lick it from the underside all the way to the head. He gave off a soft groan of pleasure and gazed down into my face.

"I don't believe it," he whispered. "I don't believe it."

"Believe it," I answered, before sinking my mouth down over the head of his cock. I began to suck, concentrating on the top few inches of the shaft before going deeper. I slid my lips up and down in a gentle rhythm, matching it with my fingers curled around the base. In seconds his dick was fully erect and throbbing.

I let it plop from my mouth eventually and began licking his balls, curling my tongue every which way on the velvety sac of his scrotum. I took one of his balls between my lips and started sucking it like a hunk of hard candy. He groaned again. I guess I was doing something right.

"You like that? You like it when I suck your balls?" I teased.

He didn't answer. He stared down at me with a glazed look in his eyes. He reached down to stroke his hand along my cheek.

I took his other ball into my mouth and gave it quite the workout. I rolled it around on my tongue and then pursed my lips over it. From the way he shifted in his chair I knew I was driving him crazy. His hard-on was in my hand the whole time and I continued to jerk it up and down gently. 

Then I began licking his cock shaft again, working my way up and around it till once again I reached the head. I sank my mouth back down over it and took as much of the shaft in as I could. The tip of his prick ended up deep in my throat somewhere.

"Sweetie, you keep that up and I'm going to spurt in your mouth any second," he croaked.

I kept the bulk of his cock deep in my mouth as long as I could, so deep I was snorting into his pubic hair. Then I backed up all the way off it and let it slop free. It glistened in my fist, a rock-hard, nine inch column.

"You want to come in my mouth or in my face?" I teased. I sank my mouth back on his cock and resumed my sucking.

"Holy fuck. Holy fuck," he whispered.

I drove my mouth up and down on his dick for maybe another minute and a half. I sensed him shifting and squirming in his chair as I sucked him closer and closer to climax. Then he gave off his loudest groan yet and his cock seemed to quiver in my fist. My mouth was suddenly full of sperm. I felt like I was sucking the end of a spurting hose.

I let his cock slip from my mouth and pursed my lips so that his hot semen drooled out and down my chin. I could feel two heavy elastic strands of goo dangling from my face.

My fist gripped his cock tight and held it just below my chin. I pumped it hard and his next jet of sperm shot up the left side of my face, soiling my cheek, sealing shut my eye and ending up over my forehead and into my hair. I kept pumping, tilting his spurting prick to the other side of my face. Sure enough his next streamer rode up the right side of my face, sealing my other eye before crossing my forehead into my hair.

The jets just kept on coming, and I aimed his cock this way and that, making sure every last inch of my face was drenched in sperm. Both my eyes were sealed shut, so I could not see a thing, but I think I did a pretty good job of splattering everything, my cheeks, my nose, my forehead. When his balls were finally empty I shoved his cock back between my lips to draw out the dregs.

I suddenly heard a drawer opening, and I knew he was hauling out his camera to click shot after shot of my sperm splattered face. He later showed me the results and I must say I've never seen anything quite so erotic. My face was decorated with thick ropes of silver semen. I'd done a terrific job of covering every inch. Heavy pearls of spunk hung off both eye lashes and my skin glistened under the thick mask.

I seemed to kneel there between his legs for ages, listening to the soft click of his camera. But finally he made a move to stand up and I was forced to let go that thick dripping cock. I could hear him quickly rearranging his clothes and then he was urging me to my feet and into his adjacent bathroom. He stood beside me as I rinsed off my soiled face. 

"That was amazing," he whispered. "I've never experienced anything like that before."

"I enjoyed it too. It was fun."

"For me to come in your face like that?"

"I wanted to do that for you. It just felt right."

"Is there anything you won't do?"

"We'll see, won't we?" I laughed.