 The room was dark, sophisticated with a soft murmur permeating the room. Kat looked across the room and wished she was any where but here. This party marked a huge milestone in her career. Her first book she felt was a fluke and this one would prove her position on the best seller list. However, Kat despised the pomp and circumstance surrounding her. She would much rather be at home on the lake.

Cyn, her editor and closest confidant, insisted she attend this party. The publishing house had a large stake in this book and wanted her exposure to the target audience. Reluctantly Kat agreed and dressed in a strapless wine gown. She moved around the room and made the obligatory connections while talking to the other editors and publishers. She grabbed one of the canapés from the waiter. If she had to attend the function at least there was good food and she would indulge herself.

"Take fifteen minutes to say your goodbyes. I'll have a car for you in the lobby," a low musky voice whispered in her ear. Instantaneously her breathing became shallow and skin clammy. Kat's nipples immediately hardened and pointed despite the gown's heavy material and she felt a familiar wetness dampen her pussy. That voice hadn't graced her body in over eight years but yet it still controlled every piece of her. 

She knew when he left, but she remained still for another moment. Looking over the crowd, Kat knew she had to leave. It was already midnight and it was time for the party to wrap up. She found Cyn talking with Mark, the owner of the publishing house, and made the required small talk preceding her departure. After a few more contacts and a short walk down the spiral staircase, Kat gracefully slid into the waiting black limousine.

It wasn't a long ride to her destination, but it was long enough for her to think about what she was about to do. Kat knew what exactly was about to happen. She relished in knowing that he was about to touch her and make her soar. She also hated how he controlled her and made her lose the control she desperately kept on herself.

Kat had to be honest. She secretly hoped this day would come. She dreamt about his touch and his kiss. Often she would prepare herself for him hoping that he would appear. Other times she would go long stretches without thinking about him. She could control her life if he wasn't there. She denied his existence, but knew somewhere he did exist.

This was one of those periods where Kat obsessed with him. She hated herself. She would work on one book and find that the male character had some sort of quality he possessed. She'd go to sleep. Sleep was her special time when plots and story ideas would materialize, but he would be there. Each time in different form – but she knew it was him.

The limo pulled in front of the luxury hotel and a perfectly dressed doorman opened her door.

"Mr. Sanchez is expecting you. Just go to the private elevator down the left hall and it will take you to his suite," he said while looking her over not so subtlety. Kat knew her appearance was striking. Her mahogany hair fell in soft layers around her shoulders. Her green eyes pierced every soul they gazed at and were filled with lust. The dress hugged her firm d cup breasts and allowed enough cleavage where most men filled with desire. It hugged her slender waist and fell across her tight, rounded ass. The slit up her left leg went high enough so that every so often if someone was looking the dress would move in a way to show she wasn't wearing any panties and only a garter held her stockings in place.

Kat knew her appearance made the doorman grow hard and she loved it. She didn't allow herself to get attached, even sexually, very often, but she loved parading in front of men. She liked knowing that she could make most men hard and still respect her when they learned they never stood a chance.

She walked through the elegantly furnished lobby towards the elevator. Another employee appeared and opened the door for her, but he didn't join her. Instead he reached in and turned a key into the control panel.

The elevator moved fast and soon the doors opened into a hallway. The floor only housed one suite and the door to it opened. She stepped in to the dark music filled room. It was filled with her favorite white roses, but that was all about the suite that looked prepared. 

She knew he was standing behind her before she heard the door shut. Her body tensed and she leaned back into his chest. He put his hands on her waist and leaned into her head. His hands slid to her stomach and then traveled to her breast where he stopped and began to rub them. His thumbs circled her material covered nipples, they peaked and hardened under his touch. The material did nothing to stop her body's response to his touch.

His mouth moved down onto her ear and then her neck. She felt herself totally collapse against him as his lips connected with the side of her neck. His tongue teased and circled her skin causing her to emit a soft moan. At her vulnerable sound, he spun her around and pulled her into a deep kiss. His tongue danced with hers and she tasted him and pulled him even closer with her fingers dancing through his thick hair.

He moved his hand through the slit in her dress. "I know you aren't wearing panties. I've been thinking about your pussy since I saw you in the room."

His hands found her mound and cupped her. "Damn, you're wet and very hot."

Kat knew she was and felt shame for only an instant. She pushed harder against his hand silently begging him to explore more. His hand responded and rubbed her up and down her slit - lightly at first to tease and aggravate her. He suddenly slammed two fingers into her hole and marveled in how she was wet for him. He pumped her pussy with his fingers while his thumb assaulted her throbbing clit.

Just as quickly as he took her, he pulled his fingers out and stood back. Kat hated his power over her.

He stepped over to the bar and poured her a glass of red wine. She quickly downed it, not worrying about looking proper. She already had a slight buzz from the party, but it would take a stronger drunk to make it through this. Her life had been her own for the past eight years and now she knew it no longer was. It belonged to the raven haired man standing before her. He took her glass and refilled it and she downed it just as quick as the first.

"Need something stronger," he asked not surprised by her reaction. He reached above the bar and opened a cabinet pulling out high quality rum. He poured her a small shot, but instead she grabbed the bottle and downed two quick gulps. He let out a hefty laugh. Most people would think she was the perfect proper woman, but he knew she had another side to her. This side was only for him to see.

"Take off your dress," he commanded. She had enough to drink and he was growing impatient. She looked down and did as she was told. "Look at me and don't look away." He gazed into her eyes as she stepped out of the gown. She stood in front of him in black lace and the diamond necklace Mark let her borrow from his wife for the party. The black half bra held her breasts up only covering the bottom third. Her nipples stood at attention out of the top of the fabric against the supple cream colored mounds. The black garter held up her stockings and framed her freshly shaven pussy already swollen with desire. The black pumps finished the picture. Matched with her deep brown hair she looked like a sex goddess.

He stood in front and reached around behind her neck. He pulled her into a deep kiss. His tongue danced in her mouth, traced her teeth and tangled with her tongue. She loved his taste. She loved the way his tongue felt in her mouth. He pulled her ass even closer to his and she felt his growing hardness. He was still dressed and she was almost naked before him. Her nipples hardened and pussy became wetter just knowing that he could make her cum by looking her way.

His hands left her ass and traveled back up her stomach as his mouth worked down her neck. She started to fall onto the couch, but he steadied her not allowing her to move. His hands reached her breasts and began to twist her nipples. His mouth reached the one of the nipples and he bit at it as his other hands assaulted the other nipple. Kat was dizzy from the sensations. He knew she loved the pain from biting and was doing every thing he could to make her wild with passion.

He stopped and moved Kat backwards until the reached the bedroom. He pushed her down on the edge of the bed and knelt in front of her to continue his kiss.

"Sit," he said when she started to lean back on the huge satin covered bed.

Kat sat and leaned down wanting more of a kiss. He spread her legs and moved in front of her pussy as he continued the kiss. His hands moved to her breast and then her stomach. He stopped and traced around the contour of her belly button stopping to play with the diamond stud there. This was new. She didn't have this the last time they met, but he knew her wild side. It was her way to rebel against anything predictable and expected. He thought of when she had this pierced. Did a man do this to her? Did her hard stomach make him grow hard too? Did he try to look below her waistband when he should have been concentrating on the piercing?

His hands continued their journey and moved across the smooth cover. This wasn't new. Kat loved the sensation of no hair and regularly shaved herself. She loved the feeling of her clothes making contact and during the most boring of events she could think about how her pussy felt.

She moaned as his hands grew closer. His fingers began to trace her outer lips again, lightly at first and then increasing in strength. Just as she thought he was going to move in deeper, he would lighten the touch again.

"Kane," she begged wanting more. Kane stopped. It was the first time he heard her say his name in years. The desire emitted in her voice almost caused him to lose control, but instead he pulled away from her. Her eyes were a deep emerald – a color he knew came when she was at her horniest.

"What do you want," he asked her in a low growl.

"I want you." She started to unbutton his shirt, but he pushed her hands away and did it quicker.

"Not good enough. What do you want," he asked her. 

"I...want...you...to...fuck...me," she said slowly as she undid his belt.

"Not yet. But I will." He pushed her hands away from her belt and placed them behind her. His mouth reconnected with her tits and she used her hands to stay in place.

His hands moved back to her pussy. His fingers traced her cunt again, but this time moved inside her outer lips.

"You're so wet," he said as his fingers slit up and down stopping to play with her clit occasionally. Each time his fingers encased her clit, Kat moaned with desire and grew wetter. He leaned back to watch her face as one finger slid into her hole. Her eyes rolled into the back of her head and she bit her lower lip. He pumped the finger in and out of her eventually putting in two then three fingers. His paced quickened and he his head down to look straight into her wet hole as his fingers fucked her. He roughed up his pace and moved his tongue to lick the juices seeping from her hole. He forgot how much he loved her musky taste. His mouth moved onto her clit and sucked and bit the swollen knob.

He felt her body stiffened and he thrust his tongue into her pussy as his fingers continued to fuck her. The orgasm encased her body as it tightened around his fingers and tongue and her breathing increased. Her orgasm was intense and her body thrust in exploding ecstasy. He licked away all her cum as she slowly came back into reality.

"I told you I would be back," Kane said as he worked his way back up Kat's body.