 As I walk alone through the mall looking in the store windows, my mind wanders back to you. The feeling I have when we are together. That feeling of being one with you. It is so incredible. I was sad to see you get out of bed this evening and get dressed to go to work. I wanted to just pull you back down to me in bed and make love to you but I knew it was not the wise thing to do. I had the night off so I decided to go to the mall and goof off and maybe catch a movie.

As I walked past Victoria's Secret, I smiled. We love to go in and shop around. I decided to go in and look around for something you didn't have. Boy, that was not an easy task! The girls in the store have come to know us by name and know your taste and size better than I do. Tamara approaches from across the store with her radiant smile beaming. We chat a while and she ask what I am looking for and we discuss it and she leads me to a rack of matching bras and panties. The look in Tamara's eyes are different but I pay it no attention as she walks away. The store is quiet tonight and is close to closing. I noticed earlier that she was the only one in tonight. Life as a manager I guess and just dismiss it.

I am consumed by a familiar feeling and then I feel arms wrap around me from behind. I turn to see your radiant smile looking up at me. You say that you got off work early. I am happy to see you and you take a matching panty set from my hands and ask if I like it. I say that it is nice but hard to decide with out seeing it on you. You grab my arm and walk to the back of the store with me in tow to the dressing rooms. You leave me standing at the entrance as you go back to change.

Tamara comes back to check out what we have picked and to make comments on how it accents your body and skin tones. She helps you make adjustments to the bra straps and they bring your breast up higher. You look just smashing in the set. You turn and look in the mirrors that are placed around you. Tamara walks over to me and looks and smiles at you. She agrees that you look like a million bucks. She turns to me and leans up and gives me a kiss on the cheek and drops a key into my pocket and then turns out the lights as she walks out the back door. I look around and see she has locked the front door and has left us alone in her store.

You turn to me and smile a wicked little smile. You and Tamara have cooked this little scheme of yours up together! You sneaky little devils! I walk up to you and wrap you in my arms and pull you close to me. I am so hard that it hurts. I feel the goose bumps forming on your soft skin as I trace lines on your skin. You step back and tell me that I have just way to many clothes on for your liking. You remove my shirt and I kick off my shoes and socks. You kiss your way down my chest to my jeans. You slowly undo the buttons and kiss the flesh that is exposed as you pull them down. I step from my jeans and you remove my shorts.

My hard cock stares you in the face as you gently lick your lips. Your lips are glossy and full. You gently reach up and caress my balls and slowly lick my cock from the base to the tip. It takes my breath away as you reach the head of my cock. You swirl your tongue around the head and back down the length of my cock as you get it soaking wet with your saliva. I lean up against a wall for support, as my knees are getting weak. When you feel my cock is wet enough for you and I have been teased enough, you take my cock deep in your mouth. I gasp at the sensation and grab handfuls of your hair. You slowly move your head up and down the length of my hardness as you begin to moan with me in pleasure. You gently roll my balls around in your hand as your other hand strokes my length behind your soft lips. My balls can take no more and I stop you. I am so close to cumming and I want to wait.

I stand you up and kiss you deeply. I walk you over to a chair next to a changing room and gently pull down your now soaked panties. You sit down in the chair as I kneel down in front of you. You have a very playful look on your face as you bite your index finger. I softly kiss my way up one leg to your waiting pussy. You are so wet. I gently blow around it. Your lips are so swollen that they are parted for me. I lick deeply in your pussy as you gasp. I drink your sweet nectar as it flows freely into my mouth. You buck your hips up to meet my mouth and place your hand on the back of my head trying to get me deeper into you. Your other hand goes to your tits. Your hard nipples beg for their release from there confines. You pull them free and roll one between your fingers. You moan louder as you rub your hard nipple. I lick up and down your dripping honey hole, avoiding your clit. You are so sweet. Your hips buck harder to my face. Finally, I take your clit into my mouth and suck on it as I flick my tongue over it. You gasp and buck your hips harder to my face. I place my hands under your ass and pull you closer to me. Your sweet juice covers my face. Your moans turn to deep animal groans and small screams. I place two fingers deep into your pussy and it sends you over the edge as a powerful orgasm racks your body. I feel your hot pussy spasm around my fingers. I drink your honey as fast as I can.

I pull my fingers out and climb up between your thighs and rub the head of my cock over your clit, sending you to another orgasm. I plunge my hard cock deep into your waiting hole. You scream loudly as you wrap your legs around my back as I plunge in and out of you with strong, forceful strokes. I pick you up and place you on the floor so we can watch ourselves in the mirrors. It looks so good. I get an idea and pull out of you and grab one of the mirrors and lay it on the floor under us so you can see my hard cock plunging back into your dripping pussy. The sight of my cock sliding in and out drives you crazy. You reach under us and rub your swollen clit and it launches you closer to another orgasm. Your juices drip onto the mirror as I slam my cock into you harder. I feel your pussy tighten up as another orgasm hits you hard. It builds deep in the pit of your stomach and washes over you with the force of an earthquake. The feel of your pussy spasms around my hard cock are too much for me and I empty a huge load of hot cum deep into your depths. With each squirt, we both scream louder. I hold your hips and slam harder and harder into you as I cum deep inside of you. I pull out and lay down next to you as our chest's heave as we try to catch our breath. We laugh as we wonder who in the next-door stores heard us.

We roll over and kiss deeply and hold each other close as our hearts slow to a normal pace. Gently stroking each other skin and blowing on each other to cool the other off. We finally get up and get dressed and walk out the door with your new set. I never thought of it, but Tamara pulled that set out last and handed it to me. You had already been in and paid for it knowing I would go to the mall and stop in. You sneaky little minks!