 In their Honeymoon Ocean View Suite, Brad and Ella had showered and were getting ready for dinner. Tonight they had decided to try the resort's premier steakhouse. The dress code for this restaurant was formal, so the couple dressed appropriately. Brad wore a navy pinstripe suit, white dress shirt, and matching navy blue tie. Ella looked stunning. She had put on makeup and lipstick, and her shoulder-length auburn hair was done up. She wore a floor-length strapless dark green gown and black open-toed heels. 

"You look amazing," Brad said.

"Thanks," Ella said, blushing. "So do you."

Brad smiled, offered Ella his arm, and they headed down to the steakhouse. They were immediately seated and offered a choice of drinks. They decided on a bottle of red wine, and the waiter returned moments later with the bottle. He expertly poured the wine and asked if the couple was ready to order. 

"I think we need a couple minutes," Ella said.

The waiter advised he would return in a few minutes. Ella couldn't decide what she wanted; everything looked amazing. Besides steak, they had scallops, salad, and fish, and all of it looked delicious. 

"Know what you want, honey?" Ella asked.

"I think so," her husband answered. "You?"

"I can't decide between the beef wellington and the scallop risotto," Ella said.

"I was going to get the wellington. Why don't you get the risotto and we'll share?"

"Perfect," Ella smiled.

The waiter returned and took their order. After he disappeared, Brad took his new wife's hand in his.

"I am the luckiest man in the world," he said.

Ella smiled, her face turning a bright shade of red. She held his hand tight and caressed it.

"I'm the lucky one," she said. "I can't believe your parents got us this honeymoon for our wedding present! This is amazing!"

"It is."

The waiter arrived with their appetizers. The hungry newlyweds dug in and had soon finished their first course. The waiter must've been paying attention; their main courses arrived within minutes. Brad cut into his beef wellington and gave half to Ella. Ella dished some of her risotto onto Brad's plate. 

"This is perfectly cooked!" Brad said. "Best wellington I've ever had."

"And the risotto is so creamy. Delicious!" Ella commented. 

The couple savored every bite of their delicious meals. They were offered dessert, as it was included, but they declined. They got up and headed to the main resort lounge. Brad went to the bar and ordered drinks, then joined his wife on a plush couch.

"That was cool meeting another couple from Columbus," Ella said. "What are the chances?"

"Right," Brad said. "They seem really nice."

"They do. Maybe we should see if they wanna hang out tomorrow."

"That would be fun," Brad said. "Maybe Alex and I can go golfing."

"While Aria and I lounge by the pool and work on our tans," Ella added. "I know it's our honeymoon, but would you be okay with them having dinner with us one night?"

"Sure. How about a sunset walk along the beach?"

"That sounds romantic," Ella replied.

They finished their cocktails and took a long stroll along the white sand. They walked barefoot and hand-in-hand, just listening to the waves crashing along the beach and enjoying being in each other's company. As they turned to come back to the resort, Brad took Ella by the waist and pulled her close. He looked lovingly into her hazel eyes and caressed her face.

"I love you," he said.

"I love you, too. Always and forever."

Ella moved her head to Brad's and kissed him softly on the lips. Their lips parted.

"Why'd you stop?" Brad asked.

"Good question," Ella replied.

Her eyes closed as her lips touched Brad's. They kissed softly, slowly. Brad wrapped his arms around her waist; Ella wrapped hers around his neck. After what seemed like an eternity their lips parted. They gazed into each other's eyes. Ella rested her head on Brad's chest.

"I don't want this to end," she said.

Brad held her tight and kissed the top of her head.

"Me either. This is perfect."

The finished their walk and headed back to their room. Ella grabbed some things from her suitcase and headed into the bathroom. Brad undressed, making sure to hang his suit jacket and pants up carefully so as not to wrinkle them. He was still naked when Ella came out of the bathroom. Brad looked over at her. All he could do was stare.

"You like?" she asked.

She was wearing a white lace trim bodysuit, complete with white thigh-stockings. She sashayed up to her husband and dropped to her knees. He was already erect. She smiled wickedly. Brad watched as his new wife slowly licked up his seven inch shaft. He gasped as her tongue ran along the vein on the underside of his cock.

"You like that?" Ella whispered.

"Yes," Brad gasped.

"Then you'll love this," she said in a throaty voice.

Still on the underside of her husband's cock, she flicked her tongue where the head met the shaft. Brad groaned his approval. She continued flicking. Brad grabbed the back of her head and held it. Ella reached up and took the pins from her hair, allowing it to fall. She flicked her tongue faster. 

"Fuck," Brad gasped.

Ella could see and taste the precum dripping from her husband's erection. She moved her tongue to the head, flicking as she went. Brad was now moaning. She slowly inched her mouth around Brad's now-throbbing cock, taking just the head into her mouth. Her mound was totally swollen now; she could feel the wetness in the crotch of her outfit. She reached down and began to touch herself through the lacy lingerie. She moaned as she felt the material rubbing against her clit. 

"Yeah, touch yourself while you suck my cock," Brad whispered. 

Ella rubbed her hand faster against herself. She moaned louder as she stuff Brad into her mouth. Brad grabbed the back of her head, holding it in place as he fucked her mouth. Ella gagged a little as he neared the back of her throat. Brad pulled out.

"Lay on the bed, with your head off it," Brad commanded.

Ella obeyed and lay with her feet facing the headboard. Her head was slightly off the bed. She opened her mouth to receive her husband. Brad slid himself into her; she gagged as he hit her throat. He reached forward and began to massage his wife's mound through her sexy lingerie; Ella moaned with pleasure. Brad slid his throbbing prick down her tight throat.

"Oh, Ella," he moaned as she gagged on him.

He rubbed her mound faster. Ella moaned loudly on his cock, the vibrations stimulating the nerves. He began to massage around her clitoris. Ella nearly screamed as he found her nub. He moved his fingers on it as fast as he could. Ella felt herself building quickly. She writhed under her man as he continued fucking her throat. 

"Fuck yeah, take my cock in your throat, Ella!" he groaned.

He shoved his cock balls deep into her throat. Ella gagged hard, nearly screaming. She couldn't take much more of the clitoral stimulation. She knew Brad was close to orgasm as well; he was throbbing uncontrollably in her mouth now. His precum was dripping down her throat. He fucked her mouth faster. He heard his wife scream on his cock.

"Yeah, you like that?" 

He rubbed Ella's clit faster. He could see Ella was clutching the sheets, her fists clenched hard in pleasure. Ella screamed on him again as he stuffed her throat full of his cock. Brad watched as his wife continued writhing in pleasure. 

"Cum!" he told her.

Ella's back arched. She gave one final scream. Brad watched as cum gushed from Ella's engorged mound, shooting onto the bed. This sent him over the edge. His cock jerked in Ella's mouth. Ella nearly gagged again as she felt Brad's thick load of cum shooting down her throat. She swallowed hard, wanting to make sure she milked every last drop from him. When she was sure he was empty she stopped. Brad pulled out of her mouth. Ella looked embarrassingly at the mess she'd made on the bed.

"You've never done that before," Brad observed.

"First time for everything," Ella said. "And hopefully not the last."