 First off, I want to thank everyone who has read the first part of this series. I am so happy that I got great feedback. I would love more feedback, as well as suggestions of what you guys like to read. Tell me what I'm missing to add a little more spice into these stories! This is my first time doing this, so all feedback will help me. Again, thank you all and I hope to keep your support! --Ciao*

My head seriously started spinning! I didn't know what to do or say. I instantly became chicken-shit and froze up. I could've played along with her, but I wasn't sure if she was just joking, testing me, or serious about the intention behind her words and how she said them. I scrambled over a few inaudible words that didn't even make a complete sentence, laughed nervously, grabbed my lotion, and headed upstairs. Stupid, stupid, stupid!

...

I got dressed as slowly as possible, because I was too embarrassed about my reaction a little earlier downstairs. Realizing I couldn't avoid the confrontation, I finally made my way to the living room, where Felicia was sitting on the couch, hysterically laughing at Sal, who was doing some embarrassing shit on that show Impractical Jokers. We really do have a lot in common. I absolutely love that show. It's a reality comedy show about four friends who send each other out in the public one by one to embarrass themselves for their amusement. Acting as though nothing happened, I laughed along with her, as I made my way toward the couch.

"Man, that shower felt so good!" Felicia stretched her arms over her head and yawned. "I thought I was gonna crash when I sat down, but this show woke me right up!" I guess she was just joking, because she never even brought up the subject about her acting like she was hitting on me; I left it alone.

"I know. I had them install those rain showers with the massagers in all the bathrooms. Since I don't have a man yet, I have to settle for those to do the job after my workouts. And trust me, they do just as good of a job, if not, better!"

She slapped me a high-five and laughed. "I know! I definitely needed one after that torturous workout."

"You're coming over again right? You have to do it ritually to see and to feel the results."

Felicia looked at me sideways, "I think I might have to intentionally avoid you! There is no way I'm doing that every day! Hell, I'm so lazy, I drive to my mailbox."

We shared a laugh. "Man, I'm thirsty!" I went into the kitchen to grab us some water bottles. When I made my way back into the living room to hand her one, my heart stopped for a half of a second, because she was standing at my display cabinet next to the LED TV, staring at the picture of Shelly again. Fucking shit! I cursed myself. Why do you keep forgetting to take that picture down and put it somewhere else?! In the midst of the move, I didn't think about the stuff that needed to be discarded. I just needed to get the hell out of town and I wasn't thinking about the little shit that needed to stay or go. Boy don't I wish I had now! The company I hired was told to throw everything in the labeled boxes. I didn't feel like going through all of the little things with so much stress going on in my life when I came here either, so when the company I hired here to unpack everything was doing their job, they must've put it up there. They were told to put everything in the room that was coherent with the labels on the boxes. They did a great job, but now I was getting upset that they did too good of a job.

She didn't know I had entered the room yet, so before she got a chance to say anything about the picture, I drew her attention away from the cabinet by laughing extremely loud and hard. She turned around just like I wanted her to, and I began pointing at the TV. I didn't know what was happening, because I didn't catch the task that Joe was sent out to do. I was sure it was funny anyway, so I used that to my advantage.

"What the hell is so funny?!" she was smiling. Good!

I pretended to catch my breath, so I had time to really see what stunt they were making Joe do this time. When I was confident that I had caught this episode before, I began speaking, acting like it was hard for me to get the words out. "They're, they're in this all-you-can-eat buffet" --more laughing- "and, instead of ge-getting food from the buffet, they have to try to get their food off of other people's plates. The customers are getting so pissed off! Look at that guys face!" I began laughing hysterically again, to really put on a show.

She focused on the TV again and slowly walked back to the couch to sit down. "Oh my gawd!" Felicia began laughing with me. "Did he really just scoop all of that lady's food off her plate onto his?!" We laughed some more until our stomachs began to hurt.

"Sometimes, I can't take this show! I'm about to pee my pants. I need to use the bathroom." Holding her lower abdomen, she jumped up and sprinted toward the bathroom. When I heard the door close, I took the opportunity to hop up, grab the picture, and place it under one of the couch cushions. Yes! Now I didn't have to worry about any more questions about Shelly. Out of sight, out of mind...

...

XAVIER:

I had been driving by Felicia's house for the past few days, building up the courage to walk up to her doorstep. I will admit that I made a huge mistake in letting the money thing ruin our relationship and not playing it as smoothly as I should have, but hell, what do you expect? I was getting fed up with her stingy ass. Who wouldn't want a lil' somethin' from your significant other when they're sitting on as much as she is? Selfish bitch! I can get her back though. That tramp was in love with me, and I can definitely have her on my arm again in a split second, guaranteed!

FELICIA:

I couldn't believe it. I was so soft hearted and dumb at times. Xavier has been coming over every day for a week now, since Friday morning. He told me that he flew in the night before that Friday, because he was coming to visit his mom. I'll admit that I still do have feelings for this man. I mean, I was in a committed relationship with this man for nearly a year and a half. Come to find out, he wanted my money more than he wanted me. I don't know how he found out about it or when, but he did. He apologized with tears and his eyes and everything, claiming how stupid he'd been. I don't know if I believe him, but I really want to. And now, I have this man sitting on my couch eating up all of my Doritos. I can't help it though. He's so fucking sexy, and I just couldn't say no.

Xavier is almost 6'3" and 200 pounds of pure muscle that sits under the most beautiful dark ebony skin. And I don't mean that body-builder meat-head type of muscle. I'm talking athletic build, where a man has broad, wide, chiseled shoulders that are complimented by a small waste; like the shape of the letter "V". If you Google Djimon Hounsou, Tyrese Gibson, Idris Elba, and Lance Gross, then you get the idea. As for his dick and his dick game? Type in Justin Slayer, and I don't have to say anymore! Another problem within the relationship though, was that I think he was running through as many girls as Justin Slayer has, if not, more. It made me feel so insecure. I mean, I know I wasn't the most beautiful girl in the world, but I know for a fact that there was no way in hell I was the ugliest. I just didn't understand it.

He was just so intoxicating and addictive to me. It was so hard for me to say no to him, especially after all this time. I still craved for him to be deep inside of me the way he used to be. He is the only man that has ever made me cum, and trust me, that is something extremely hard to give up! Staring at him, I wanted to punch him in the face and hop right on his lap at the same time. That's how confused I was.

"Baby, go get me some water please. These chips are making me thirsty as hell." Smacking my lips, I rolled my eyes and went into the kitchen to fetch him a bottle of water, just like the little dog I became around him. I pretended to be pissed just for face, but inside I was as giddy as a dumb school-girl. I couldn't help it.

"Here!" I tossed the bottle at him, and it hit him on the right side of his face.

"What the fuck was that for?!"

"Damn, I didn't do it on purpose! Learn how to catch!" I plopped down on the other side of the sectional, grabbed the remote, and turned it to the DIY Network.

"What the fuck, man! I was watching the game?"

I ignored him.

"Oh, it's like that, huh? Give me that fuckin' remote!"

He walked toward me, leaned down, and began tickling me. He knew I hated to be tickled!

"Xavier, stop!" --laughing- "Xavier, I'm not playing, sto-" --more laughing-. I fell to the floor and he fell on top of me. I tried to hide the remote under my ass so he couldn't find it.

In the sexiest voice he put his hot mouth up to my ear and said in a low raspy voice, "Why you always playing with me girl?!"

XAVIER:

I saw her try to sly-hide the remote under her ass when we fell down, but I caught what she did. With my right hand, I continued to tickle her, and with my other hand I tried to reach underneath her from the side to retrieve the remote, but it wasn't working. That's when I realized that her legs were wrapped around me. I planned to quickly snatch the remote from under her because the bottom of it was peaking from under part of her dress. Bingo!

I quickly reached between her legs in an attempt to pull the remote out, but was caught off-guard when I brushed against her bare pussy instead. It surprised me and turned me on at the same time to know she wasn't wearing any panties.

"Oh shit! My bad Felicia!" Low-key, I actually enjoyed getting to feel that shit again, but I acted like I was ashamed of what I'd just done. I didn't want to make her uncomfortable already. I just got back in the picture.

"Do it again." She was looking right at me with those sexy ass green-hazel eyes. I thought I was hearing her wrong at first, but she said it once more, "Do it again Xavier."

"You want me to do it again?"

I took my left thumb and began making gentle strokes on her plump pussy lips, massaging the left side and then the right.

"Ughn, I miss this." She closed her eyes and tilted her head back. Damn you're sexy!

I know what she asked me to do, but I couldn't help but to graze her throbbing clit too.

"Ahh, Xavier!"

"You like that baby?"

"Yes Xavier, please!"

I massaged her clit slowly, and then began rubbing it faster and faster. I stopped and took my middle finger and glided it into her soft, wet pussy. "Shit!" It was so warm and tight, it made me groan. I instantly became hard when her pussy muscles wrapped around my finger. I could tell it had been a long time since someone had touched her, because she began trembling. She arched her back and her braless tits shook with every tremble her body made. I pumped my finger in and out of her pussy slowly and pulled up her dress with my other hand to expose her soft tits.

"Please Xavier!"

She reached up toward me to bring my head down to her, but I stopped her.

"Uhn Uh. Put ya hands over ya head and keepum there. I got this."

She complied.

I slowly lowered my mouth down to her left nipple and licked around her areola, making her hardened nipples even harder and more sensitive. I went over to the right one and did the same. Her begging became louder.

"Please Xavier!"

I gently cupped her left tit and enclosed my mouth over her nipple, gently sucking and flicking at it and pumped in and out of her pussy harder, but still keeping at a slow pace.

"I can't take it anymore baby; I need you inside of me!"

Without missing a beat, I eased my finger out of her swollen dripping pussy and unzipped my pants while still sucking her nipples. I took my hard throbbing dick and stuck only the tip in. I knew how much that drove her crazy, so I did it until she couldn't take it anymore.

I balanced myself on top of her and used elbows to hold me up. I sucked on her earlobe and whispered to her, "You want this dick, don't you!"

"Yes baby, please"

"How bad you want it Felicia"

"You know how much I want it baby, stop teasing me like that"

I gave her one long, deep stroke as I French kissed her in her mouth.

"You want it like that?"

"Yes Xavier, you know how I like it!"

I pulled my dick back and stroked her long and deep again.

"Damn this pussy is wet girl!"

She gripped her pussy muscles around my dick just the way I taught her to do and that shit drove me wild! I pulled back again pulled my body up and planted my hands on the ground. I drove into her hard and slow over and over until she started to tremble again. Her pussy kept getting wetter, as I stirred her juices up, creating a sticky, wet, sloshy noise.

"Cum for me baby. Cum all over this dick."

"Ughn Xavier, harder baby!"

I picked up my stroke and dug into her harder and faster.

"I'm bouta cum Xavier! Cum with me baby!"

Shit! The harder and faster I fucked, the deeper her hot, wet pussy seemed to pull my dick inside of her. Her big firm tits and big nipples were shaking and I lost it when I looked down and saw her white sticky cream covering my dick.

"I'm cumming Xavier!"

I felt her pussy pulsate around my dick. That's when I felt the warm tingling going up my legs, travel up my spine, and then down to my nuts and shoot out of my dick.

"Shit Felicia!" I busted a nut so hot and deep inside her, I swear it felt like my first time cumming.

FELICIA:

This man knew how to work me just the right way. Now I was positive I wanted him back! I couldn't wait to tell Nik about this. Xavier and I headed to the bedroom to lie down. He instantly fell asleep, but I was wide awake. After lying down for a few minutes, I gave up and walked into the living room and picked up the phone to dial Nik's number.

"Hey Nik. You would've never guessed what I just did!"

XAVIER:

Nik... Nik... Where did I hear that name before? I knew Felicia was talking to her neighbor on the phone, so I eavesdropped. She thought I was asleep, but she woke me up when she got out of bed. I just kept my eyes closed, because I really was tired. Nik... That name sounded so familiar, but I left it alone. I'm sure there were a lot of girls named Nik. I probably heard it at a club or something somewhere before. When I came in from Seattle a few weeks ago, I was either clubbing or going to the strip clubs almost every night. I told Felicia I had only been in for a week to visit my mom, but that was a lie. I didn't want to seem too desperate to get back in her good graces, that way, she wouldn't suspect anything.

I had seen her neighbor from a distance, and that girl was sexy as hell. In a way, she reminded me of Felicia, but her eyes were dark brown and her hair was jet black. From the distance I was at, I could tell she had a gorgeous face too. I'm going to find a way to get at her too, without Felicia knowing. Bitches are trifling, and she's one I can't wait to get a taste of. I gotta do it pretty slick though to see if she's down first. They usually are, so I don't think I'll have too much of a problem getting at her. Tomorrow, I think I'll "accidentally" lock my keys and phone in the car while Felicia's gone, and see if Nik can be of some assistance. Maybe she'll show some southern hospitality and let me in until my insurance company calls to send someone out to me. I know they usually take in between an hour or two to get to anyone, so maybe I can use that little time to my advantage. A smile crept across my face...