 The heat from his body was enough to send my own body into a state of arousal. He had this sickening power over me, something I couldn't control but damn if I wasn't going to make him suffer as much as I did. There we were, lying on the couch together. Our bodies facing different directions. The blanket over us shielded any stares we would have gotten as his fingers started to run up and down my legs, my own hands mimicking his. Innocent enough at first, but the line started to blur as we kept running our hands higher and higher up each other's legs.

He traced the most delicate circles around my inner thigh that caused a wetness to form and I am sure he could feel the heat radiating from my sex. I continued my own trials, using my nails to arouse him, which I could tell by the bulge which started to rise underneath the blanket. As if thinking the same thought, we both inched down, closing the distance between us.

The others in the room had no idea what was occurring as they droned on in their own chatter. All I could think of was how much I wanted him, right then and there. I didn't care who saw what. I wanted to tear his clothes off him as he did the same. Pull, tug, and claw at him in some animalistic frenzy to get closer to him, to allow him to go deeper and harder, reaching to an orgasm of pure ecstasy. But we somehow maintained our little secret, under the covers.

The space between us gone now, his fingers danced along the edge of my lacey little thong, the wetness growing between the thin fabric and my sex. To let him know how aroused I was, I clawed his inner thigh, grazing his hard-on. Without hesitation, he swiftly inserted one finger into me.

I stifled a moan to keep our secret secure, but I bit my lip as he pumped his finger in and out of me. I wrapped my hand around his rock hard cock and started matching his rhythm as best I could. I was not sure how long I could maintain my composure while I was being finger fucked.

Then, as quickly as it started, it stopped. He removed his finger from me and went into the bathroom. I laid there on the couch, in a state of complete arousal and not satisfied. I could feel the stiffness of my nipples through the thin layer of clothes I had on, my breath was coming in at ragged pace.

He made his bed on the floor of the living room, mine was on the couch. The sexual energy and tension in the air was electrifying. Trying to contain it was trying to contain a wild bull, impossible. When everyone had gone to their respective rooms, leaving just him and I in the living room, alone, it became too much. We needed to conquer this beast.

He grabbed my arm, pulling me out the door and down the street towards his own house. It was like trying to walk when all you wanted to do was run. We made it back to his room and before the door could click closed behind us, we were on each other like two dogs in heat.

His mouth meets mine and as our tongues danced in each other's mouth, I was removing his clothes. Tearing his shirt over his head and reaching for his belt, he removed my little tank top, fully exposing my breast to him. He latched on and began to suck my perk nipples with such intensity, my knees buckled. I lost my own train of thought as he switched between flicking my nipples with his tongue and biting them. I twisted my fingers into his hair and began to tug.

We had to be quiet since the rest of his family was asleep in the rooms around us, but a moan managed to escape. He looked up from below and smiled his devilish grin and I managed to regain control and went back to removing the rest of his clothes. Pulling me into a deep kiss, he lowered me to the floor, our hands roaming, scratching; grabbing each other like tonight was our last. He left my mouth and went to kiss my neck. I ran my feet down his legs and flipped him over onto his back. The moonlight shown in through the window was being our only source of light, casting a glow across our glistening bodies, making everything seems to be a dream.

I straddled him and lowered my chest down onto his. My long hair brushing against his face and chest, I traced his neck with my tongue. Moving it around in small circles I made my way up to his ear and nibbled on his ear lobe. He let out a sound which could only be described as pure pleasure, he could take no more. Flipping me back over roughly, he grabbed my arms, placing them over my head, hands intertwined, he moved the head of his cock to my entrance. With one swift and rough motion, he entered me fully. I arched my back to force him deeper, wrapping my legs around his hips, holding him in me. He started a slow rhythm, his eyes fluttering and my breath became more ragged. As his pace increased, I met his thrust with my own. Deep, filling, rough.

Caught in the moment, he released my hands and pulled my hair, exposing my neck where he bit, sucked and licked. My body was racked in pleasure and I returned the abuse.

I clawed down his back and grabbed his firm little ass in my hands and squeezed. Bring one hand back to the hair on the nape of his neck, I pulled hard. As his head arched back, I took this chance to turn him over, with his prick still in me. I was on top and in control now. I told him he could not touch, he could not move. Only watch and take my abuse. I rocked my pelvis in slow gyrating circles, running my hands across his chest. I brought my own mouth to his little nipple and bit them, licked them, as he had done to mine.

I continued to fuck his prick, my movements becoming harder and faster. I sat back up and reached back and grabbed his legs, pressing my chest out, my breast bouncing with each and every motion I made. He no longer could obey my rules and sat up, latching his mouth onto a nipple. I continued to gyrate on him, not giving up my control. He sucked, bit, pulled my poor nipples, sending both of us into a frenzy. I was beginning to feel a surge build in my sex.

I was not sure how much longer I could hold out before I came. He took my hesitation as a sign for him to take control again and turned me over onto my stomach. Grabbing my hips, he lifted me onto my hands and knees. He positioned himself behind me and proceeded to fuck me from behind. With one hand on my hip, the other reached up to my breast where he fondled them, as he continued to ram his prick as hard and fast and deep as he could into me.

Our grunts and moans were doing nothing but letting those around us know the intensity of the pleasure we were experiencing. I sat up on his prick, allowing him to continue, and turned around to kiss him, forcing his mouth open with mine. I knew I was going to come soon, I could feel the surge build up like a tidal wave. After a few more deep thrust from him, I lost all control. My body shuddering from the impact of the orgasm.

It was then I locked in a deep kiss with him. My one hand fisted in his hair, while the other stimulated my own clit. He thrust himself again and again into my soaking sex a few more times before collapsing on top of me.

Our slick, wet bodies smelling of the deed we just committed, our hair sticking to our faces. We lay there, in each other's arms, attempting to regain our breath. The heat emanating from our bodies, our scents were strong. He brushed the hair from my face, placing a finger under my chin and raising my eyes to meet his. He gently kissed my lips, nose, and forehead as if to say you are beautiful, you are safe. We lay there for a few moments, in our own little world before locating our clothes and making our way back to the living room we had earlier vacated.