 Alex and Aria met Brad and Ella for lunch at the resort's seafood grill. Brad and Ella had already arrived and found a table for four. As Alex and Aria sat down they noticed drinks on the table.

"Sorry we're a little late," Aria said. "Something came up."

Brad and Ella understood the inference and smiled. Ella blushed slightly. In her mind's eye she saw Aria bent over on the bed, Alex behind her slamming her wet pussy with his cock. She felt herself becoming quite aroused; her mound began to swell. She snapped herself back to reality.

"We ordered drinks for you," Ella said. "Hope you don't mind."

"Not at all," Alex replied, taking a sip of his pina-colada. 

"You definitely guessed right on mine," Aria said, sipping her Jack and Coke.

"You can thank Brad," Ella said. "He seems to be able to know a person's drink just by their personality."

"Why aren't you a bartender?" Alex asked Brad.

"Never really appealed to me," Brad replied. "And I like the job I have."

The waiter appeared and took their orders then returned to the kitchen. Both Ella and Alex had chosen stuffed flounder, while Brad and Aria has gone with pan-seared sea scallops. 

"Any plans for this afternoon?" Brad asked.

"Probably just hang out by the pool," Alex said. "Too hot to do much else."

"We were thinking of taking the shuttle into Cancun to do a little shopping," Ella said. 

"That sounds fun," Aria said.

"Would you like to join us?" Brad asked.

"It's your honeymoon. We wouldn't want to intrude," Aria said.

"Nonsense," Ella said. "We've really liked getting to know you, and we'd love to hang out more often."

"Well then, sure, we'd love to join you!" Aria smiled. "What time you planning on leaving?"

"Right after lunch," Ella said.

"I don't have my bag," Aria sighed.

"No worries, honey," Alex said. "I've got my wallet."

The waiter appeared with their food. They ate their delicious meals, chatting about this and that in between bites. Once they had finished their desserts they pushed back their chairs and got up. 

"Everyone who wants to go is meeting in the main lobby," Ella said.

The foursome walked to the main lobby, where a small group, probably about a dozen or so, had already gathered. At 2pm the bus pulled up. The tourists filed onto the bus and found seats. Ella and Brad found seats about halfway back. Aria and Alex sat behind them. The bus pulled out of the resort parking lot and began the half hour drive to downtown Cancun. Upon arrival the group was informed the shuttle ran every hour on the hour; the last bus for the resort left at 10:30pm. The tourists exited the bus and began milling about the area.

"Let's find someplace indoors," Alex said. "It's scorching out here."

After walking a few blocks they came to the Las Plazas shopping mall. It was air conditioned inside, and it seemed cold compared to the hot summer day outside. The shopping area had clearly been designed with tourists in mind. It housed mostly name-brand American companies, like Banana Republic, Macy's, Victoria's Secret, and Abercrombie and Fitch. 

"Seems more like home than Mexico," Brad observed.

"I'd think I was home if I knew I wasn't in Mexico," Alex said.

They walked along, the men chatting and the women looking in different store windows. They came to Victoria's Secret. In the window displays were some very cute and sexy swimsuits. 

"Ooh, I like that one," Aria said, pointing to red one-piece with a very deep V-neck.

"That one is pretty," Ella said, looking at a flower print tankini. "I do need a new swimsuit. The strap on my yellow one is starting to fray."

"How about you and Brad go swimsuit shopping and Alex and I will look at Banana Republic? I need a new dress," Aria suggested.

"Ok, meet at the food court?"

"Perfect," Aria said. "Happy hunting."

Ella took Brad by the hand and let him into Victoria's Secret. Even though Brad had been in these stores many times with his wife, he still got slightly embarrassed anytime he entered one. Ella found the swimsuits and began looking through them. She would ask Brad's advice occasionally, which usually ended with him thinking the suit was super sexy or him being indifferent. Ella began to wonder if she should've asked Aria to come with her instead. She picked out several suits she liked and led her husband to the changing rooms. She peeled off her thin dress and began to try on suits. 

"Enjoying the show?" she teased, noticing how hard Brad was getting as she tried on the various swimsuits.

"I am," he said slyly.

The last swimsuit Ella tried on was a blood-red strapless one-piece. It had a lace-up front that went from the top of the suit all the way down to the belly button and a low-cut back. Ella noticed Brad especially liked this one; she could see the bulge in his pants growing. 

"I think we have a winner," she smirked. 

She moved to her husband and unzipped his pants. His erect cock sprang out of his boxers. Ella began to swell. She dropped to her knees and took him greedily in her mouth. Brad knew he had to be quiet. He stifled his moans as Ella's head moved back and forth on him. Ella wanted to moan but couldn't. She could feel her husband throbbing in her mouth; his precum was dripping onto her tongue. She sucked him harder, tightening her throat as she went all the way down on him. Brad put his hands against the wall to brace himself. He wanted to groan but knew they could get caught if he made a sound.

"I want you to fuck me," Ella whispered.

She stood and peeled the bathing suit off her curvy, busty body. She stepped out of it and bent forward slightly, placing her hands on the wall. Brad pressed himself against her slit. Ella let out a gasp.

"Fuck me, Brad," she whispered. "Fuck me hard."

Brad entered her tight wet pussy. Ella bit her tongue as she felt him penetrate her. He slid all the way inside her. Ella's head went back. She could feel him deep in her, his cock filling her pussy. Brad held her hips and began to thrust. Ella kept her mouth closed as her husband fucked her deeply, occasionally allowing a whimper to escape. She could hear Brad's labored breathing, and she knew it must be killing him not being able to vocalize his pleasure. 

"Shit," she gasped as she felt herself building quickly towards climax.

"Yeah," Brad groaned softly. 

Brad grabbed his wife's hair and pulled back. Ella was now nearly upright. Brad thrust harder and faster into her. She wanted to nearly scream with pleasure. Soft yelps escaped her mouth as her husband's cock slid in and out of her. She began to moan as Brad's thrusts became more intense. Brad reached around and began to rub her clit. Ella nearly screamed. 

"Keep your mouth shut," Brad ordered.

He put his hand over his wife's mouth to keep her quiet. Ella struggled not to scream. Brad's cock thrusting hard and fast, his hand moving quickly along her clitoris was almost too much to bear. She began to squirm as she felt herself about to orgasm. 

"Oh yeah, I'm gonna cum!" Brad whispered in her ear.

He rubbed his wife's clit as fast as he could and gave one final hard, deep thrust into her dripping wet slit. His legs shook as his cock erupted. Ella felt Brad's explosion inside her, his cum filling her. Her climax hit with such intensity her knees nearly buckled. Brad held her on his cock as she gushed all over him, per pussy pulsing. Wave upon wave of pleasure washed over her. She shook and shuddered; it was definitely the most intense orgasm she'd ever had. Her climax subsided. Brad let go and pulled out, his cock dripping with Ella's juices. 

"Fuck," Ella gasped, now realized how sweaty they'd both gotten.

They put their clothes on and decided to wait a few minutes before exiting the changing room. Once they'd cooled down they headed to the register where Ella purchased the blue one-piece. They headed to the food court, where Alex and Aria were sipping smoothies.

"Find what you were looking for?" Aria asked.

"Yep," Ella smiled. "You?"

"I did," Aria replied. "Have trouble picking out a swimsuit?"

"A little," Ella said. "So many to choose from."

"I can't wait to see what you picked out."

"This is why I hate shopping," Alex said. "Thirty minutes to find one bathing suit."

"Something came up," Ella smirked.