 Thursday evening I had to attend the monthly realtors meeting and Friday Ann always had dinner with her parents so we didn't have any time together until Saturday. After Ann's husband picked the girls up she came to my office to respond to a counter offer. When that was ready I took it to the listing brokers office while she went home to make the baked beans.

As I approached Ann's front door Rosa was leaving hers. "Beautiful day isn't it!" I offered much like Ann always did.

She smiled at me, something she never did to Ann, "Yes it is! A beautiful day."

Ann's door was unlocked. I let myself in and seeing the chair piled my clothes on it. Ann called out, "I'm upstairs, come help me with the laundry."

For the next three hours I helped with her housework and laundry. My nakedness wasn't mentioned or for that matter she didn't even seem to notice. About three o'clock Ann went upstairs to get ready for the cook out. I got dressed and waited in her living room. On her coffee table was a book full of nude pictures, men and women.

I paged through it, all of the poses were erotic and sexy but somehow modest. Genitalia were not obscenely displayed. Each and every one was tastefully done.

"What do you think?" Ann asked as she descended the stairs.

"You look wonderful as always!" I replied sincerely.

"Thank you, but I was referring to the book."

"Oh, ah..., they're all beautiful."

"I think so too!"

"Have your girls seen this?"

"I don't think so, I left it out for you."

"Why?"

"I think the human body is a work of art, that's why I like to see you nude. I like to watch you walk and bend and reach."

I turning red; I could feel it in my cheeks.

"Let's go, we don't want to keep Carol and Andy waiting." Ann told me to get the baked beans and she picked up a small overnight bag and we took my car stopping for beer along the way.

When we arrived at Carol's we parked at the front of the drive and went to the front door. There was an index card taped to the door that read, "come in it's open." There was a large center hallway with rooms on both sides. To the left was a large room that was cluttered and disorganized, to the right was Carol's living room with a dining room behind it. A large stairway went up to the second floor, it was about four feet wide. On the right side the hallway went to the back of the house. There were two chairs about half way back. On one there was a neatly piled stack of mens clothing.

"What is going on!" I exclaimed.

"Don't be so silly, Freddy. You know Carol and Andy have a relationship like ours."

"Not really."

"Yes you do! Admit it. When I introduced you to Carol you were nude weren't you?"

"Yes." My face was burning up as I recalled that awkward introduction.

"So don't you think I've already seen Andy naked?"

"I didn't think about it."

"Well, you better think fast. They know we're here. Now don't embarrass me. I'll take the beer and beans out back. You strip this minute Frederick or just leave. Either way we can still do business but we won't ever fuck again."

She turned on her heel and took the baked beans and beer outside. She was confident I would be along shortly. I just needed to think about losing her!

The area between the main house and the carriage house had a connecting hallway that was the kitchen back in the day. From the house to the carriage house on the right side was a tall fence with grape vines. An arched trellis provided a gated entry and that was closed by a tall wooden door. A large oak tree shaded the area making it very comfortable.

When I walked down the steps to the garden area Carol came over to greet me. "So nice to see you again, Fred." She greeted me with a kiss on the cheek. 

Andy smiled and nodded. "Let's get that beer in the cooler. The brisket is going to be ready in a little while."

"I brought Strohs because that was my grandfathers beer and my dads too. I'll have one of those. I brought Bud too to give you a choice."

Andy opened a bottle for me, "See if the ladies want some wine."

Carol and Ann were seated on two folding lawn chairs on one side of a fire pit that wasn't need. On the opposite side was a bench for the picnic table. "Can I get you ladies some wine?"

"We've already got some, I opened a bottle before you two arrived. Why don't you join us?" Carol answered politely.

The only place to sit was the bench so I decided to stand to one side. Andy joined shortly and sat down. "Take a load off Fred, you can't stand all evening."

The ladies continued talking and everything was just like any other cook out. Andy and I talked about baseball and the upcoming football season. I tried to be as modest as possible but it was impossible! With your balls hanging off a wooden bench there is no way a guy can keep his legs together. Neither of the ladies seemed to take any notice but I thought I saw Carol sneaking a peek every now and then.

The food was delicious, the conversation lively, a normal cook out in every way except one. I even found myself forgetting for minutes at a time that I was naked!

Sometime around seven Carol stood up. "Let's get this mess cleaned up and go inside. The living room is much more comfortable."

Andy smiled again. He knew what was happening, I'm sure of it but he never let on. "Are you two coming to the big dance?" Andy asked.

"I haven't heard about any dance."

"Oh, well, ah..., never mind."

Andy and I cleaned up the patio area and put the lawn furniture away. Carol and Ann went inside. When we joined them in the living room they were both wearing peasant blouses with off the shoulder neck lines and very long full peasant skirts. There were two rocking chairs in the middle of the room with unusual seats. They had been cut out in the middle about eight inches wide and four or five inches deep.

Carol walked over to the far chair, gathered her skirt in back and sat down. The full skirt covered her legs from the floor to her hips. "Andy." It was a simple statement, not a question or a command but Andy knew what was expected.

"Yes, my Queen." He knelt at her feet and went under her skirt. She scooted forward slightly, leaned back and sighed.

Ann gathered her skirt and sat down facing Carol.

The spell was broken when I heard, "Freddy." I knew what Ann wanted. Andy had shown me the way. As I answered, "Yes, my Queen." I saw Carol smiling and watching as I went under Ann's skirt.

They sipped their wine and talked like it was just natural for a man to be eating them out. With their long skirts covering most of our bodies it might not look like anything special to a casual observer and I kept thinking about the huge skirts worn by European nobility back in the day and wondered if there were cunt lickers under them.

Eventually I heard Carol say that Ann's usual room was ready if she wanted to stay the night. When Ann tapped the back of my head and pulled her skirt up I leaned back, "Had enough, my Queen?"

She just smiled, "Let's continue this upstairs." She stood up and grabbing my cock led me to the stairs. "Up you go!" She giggled as she slapped my bare butt. At the top of the stairs she grabbed my cock again and led me to our room.

Unlike the room below us which was a total mess this bedroom was nicely decorated and had its own bathroom. There was a fireplace which I guess was not uncommon at the end of the nineteenth century. There were two plush easy chairs and a queen sized bed. It could easily have been a country B&B.

Ann pulled the bedclothes down and plumped up the pillows. She reclined at the head of the bed and motioned for me to sit next to her so she could hold me. "Wasn't the cook out delicious?"

"It was, Andy knows his way around a smoker."

"I'm not positive but I think Carol said he's from Texas."

"Wherever he's from that was the best brisket I've ever had."

"It wasn't so bad was it?"

"You mean being naked with Both Carol and Andy."

"Yes, that." She said as she ran her fingers through my hair.

"Once I got over the initial embarrassment I was OK."

"Would you do it again?"

"With Carol and Andy? Sure, why not?"

She uncovered her left breast. "Suck my tits, Freddy."

She stroked my hair as I nursed.

"What about those rockers?"

"Is that the kind you don't want to explain to your daughters?" I stopped long enough to ask.

"The one we were using is mine!"

"What about Carol's?"

"It's a copy Andy made for Carol."

"Do you know what spooning is."

"Sure, it's when two people lie close together like two spoons."

Ann reached for the light on the table next to the bed and turned it off. She laid back down with her back to me.

"Cuddle with me, Freddy." She whispered as she pulled the comforter over us.

I moved as close as I could and kissed her neck, my arm encircled her waist and stroked he belly. She reached behind me and felt my cock. "You're very hard, Freddy. Slip it in mama's pussy." She guided it in and squeezed it tight. "Don't move Freddy, let mama squeeze you cock."

My hand went down and played in the hair above her pussy but didn't touch her clit. Time seemed to stand still as we slowly pleasured each other. I kissed her neck and shoulders, I stroked her belly and squeezed her tits pinching the hard nipples and then rubbing back down to her belly.

Ann's pussy clenched slowly over and over. She was almost purring. We fell asleep like that.

The next thing I knew I was in a classroom full of women. A professor was explaining the proper way to masturbate a man. She explained a man's anatomy and why it was important to avoid stimulating the glans or head of the penis. She invited the students to closely inspect my penis and scrotum. Each was given the opportunity feel my balls and shaft. The professor explained the prostate and how to stimulate it when milking a man. Each student donned a glove and inserted a finger in my anus. They were admonished not to push too hard unless the object was to drain the prostate. One of the women started sucking my cock.

Half awake I realized Ann was kneeling beside me. One hand was simultaneously rubbing my balls and fucking my ass! She was sucking my cock and her other hand was squeezing one of my tits. I moaned as I stroked her hair.

"Did mama wake you, sleepyhead?"

"Don't stop!" I pleaded. "Please don't stop!"

She started sucking again but with a purpose. In less than a minute she made me cum. My cum poured into her mouth; she didn't spill a drop. She moved up my body and kissed me. Her tongue parted my lips and coated my teeth and gums with my cum. Our tongues dueled; my cum passing from her mouth to mine until it seemed to disappear. "What was that?" I wondered.

"A snowball." She explained.

"Snowball?"

"You've never heard of a snowballing? You have been leading a sheltered life!"

I kissed her again licking traces of cum from her chin and under her nose. "Never."

"Poor baby." She teased me, "A snowball is when a woman takes a man's cum in her mouth and then kisses him. Sorta like giving it back."

"What if a man sucks his cum out of his lover's pussy and then gives her a cum filled kiss?"

"You catch on quick!"

"So Wednesday evening we were snowballing?"

"Except you swallowed a lot you greedy boy you!"

"I'll try to do better next time."

"See that you do!" Ann turned and rolled out of bed. "Let's take a shower and see what's for breakfast. I can hear Carol and Andy downstairs!"

Ann got out of the shower first, dried off and put on a plush robe. 

"Well, look who's finally awake! I hope we didn't wake you up with all the noise down here!"

"Not at all, Miss Busybody! If you must know we were finishing up some unfinished business from last night! We've been up at least an hour and Fred was up before he even woke up!"

"Is that right, Fred?" I can still hear her teasing me.

I blushed and was tongue tied.

"Cat got your tongue?" Carol kept teasing.

"His tongue is working just fine!" Ann joined her friend picking on me.

"You'll get used to it, Fred." Andy laughed. They're both cock teasers, but you know that already."

Andy was wearing an apron so I suppose technically I was the only one naked. "Would you tend to the sausage and bacon, Fred?" He asked.

"Sure."

"There is an extra apron on the counter. You don't want any hot grease to hit your bare skin."

The apron was a bib apron with ruffles. "Don't they look just divine with those cute little tushes bustling around the kitchen making our breakfast?"

"I should say so, Carol. There is nothing I like better than a man in an apron cooking for me, except maybe no apron at all!"

They laughed at our expense but truthfully being naked was becoming less and less a problem for me. Things were almost normal as we ate breakfast. Ann told Carol about the lack of furniture in my apartment and Andy mentioned a hide-a-bed that was damaged in shipping.

Andy explained that the damage was in the back where it couldn't be seen but it was unsaleable. Ann said she would see how much they would want "as is," she thought it might be a hundred dollars or less. After breakfast Andy and I cleared the table while Carol and Ann loaded the dishwasher. Once the kitchen was clean Ann said it was time to go. She had to work on some designs for new room displays. I went to the main hall and dressed; she went back upstairs to finish dressing.

On the way back to her apartment I asked Ann about the dance Andy had mentioned.

She looked a little upset. "Andy wasn't supposed to say anything about that."

"Why not?"

"I'm not going this year."

"Why?

"I don't think you're ready."

"Do I need dancing lessons? What do I need to get ready for."

"It's complicated. There are usually eight to ten couples who attend. We all have the same idea about the men in our lives."

"You're saying all these men run around naked at home."

"Yes, but it's more than that."

"So, I guess all the men are naked at the dance."

"Yes, and it's more than that too."

"What the hell more could there be?" I was angry, not so much about the nudity or more men involved but about Ann's unwillingness to be honest with me."

"Damn it Frederick! We've been getting along so well and you've been so accepting about my addiction I just thought you needed more time before we went to this dance as a couple.

"Whatever are you talking about, Ann!" My patience was near its end.

"Remember before we started down this road I said I would not make love with anyone else as long as we are together?"

"Yes, I promised you the same thing. What are you saying, you misled me?"

"No, never, I won't have sex with anyone else and I don't want you to either."

We were back at Ann's apartment and I couldn't remember how we got there.

Ann put her hand on mine, Frederick, please, let's go inside. I'll tell you everything!"