 After our brunch with Carol and Andy, Ann and I drove back to her place. Carol and Andy went their separate way. "That was nice wasn't it Fred?" Ann asked as she snuggled close.

"It was."

"What did you think of Andy?"

"I really wasn't thinking about him."

"What were you thinking about?"

"Posing for Carol. What are you two up to?"

"What makes you think we're up to something?"

"Aren't you? You've been nothing but surprises."

"Don't be silly, Carol is a legitimate photographer, Freddy. She has a reputation to protect. She won't publish anything that would bring shame to you or her."

It was almost two o'clock by the time we returned to Ann's place. "The girls will be back about five; want to come in for a few minutes?"

I didn't have to think twice. As soon as we entered I deposited my clothing on the chair and made my way to the couch. Ann went straight to the kitchen. "Help me straighten up! I don't want the girls to see a mess when they come home." Ann called out from the kitchen. "Are there any dishes out there?"

"No." I replied as I walked into the kitchen.

"Can you fill the dishwasher and start it? Wipe down the counter and table and then join me upstairs, OK?"

"Sure."

"There's an apron in the top drawer on the right if you'd like one."

I didn't. After tidying up the kitchen I went up to the bedroom. Ann had already cleaned the bathroom and was making the bed. When she was satisfied that everything was in order she asked me to take the laundry downstairs. I followed her to the kitchen. On the way through the living room she found the soiled towels tucked in the couch cushions. She put the sheets and towels in the machine that was in a small hallway off the kitchen that led to the back door. Her clothes and some from the kids room she left in the basket.

She was all business as she went back to the closet by the front door. "Be a dear and do the carpet." It wasn't a request, it was more like an order she barked out handing me the vacuum from the front closet. While I vacuumed she gathered up all the pictures she had taken and put them in an envelope which she tucked into her cavernous purse. Looking around she seemed satisfied with the condition of the apartment.

As I continued vacuuming she went to the kitchen and poured herself a glass of wine. Returning to the living room she sat in a rocker opposite the couch and watched as I continued to work my way around towards the front door.

She sat silently and every so often I would catch a glimpse of her as I worked. She had an almost imperceptible smile on her lips. Not a mean smirk but one of contentment. "What's so funny?" I blurted.

"Funny?" She replied sipping her wine. "What do you mean funny?

"You look like you are about to laugh."

"Freddy," she explained, "I'm just happy. I haven't felt this way in a very long time. I guess I just can't believe I've met someone as nice as you."

"Nice?"

"Yes, nice! You're not super aggressive like a lot of men and you know how to treat a woman. You're good in bed but you let me lead the way when I want!"

"Most guys call that getting lucky." I laughed as I said it.

"Maybe. You're very sweet, Freddy, and a lot more confident that you realize. When we met you seemed very reserved, like you were depressed. Is your divorce stealing your confidence?"

"Are you a shrink now?" I put he vacuum away and asked, "Where's my wine?"

"No drinking and driving for you, buster! You'd better get dressed; the girls will be home soon."

"Now that's depressing!" I joked half seriously as I went to put my clothes on. "We don't have time for a quickie?"

"We just got this place cleaned up!"

"I know, but it's been at least seven hours. Aren't you even a little bit horny?"

"Who's the addict now," Ann giggled.

"Would that be so bad?"

"To be co-dependent?"

"Maybe it's a match made in heaven."

"I'm too old for you."

"I'd agree if I was sixteen and you were twenty-eight."

"Let's just take this one day at a time, Freddy." Ann watched as I finished dressing. "What is rule number one?"

I looked back at her quizzically. "Number one?"

"Think hard, Freddy." Her tone was stern. "I have only given you one rule so what is it?"

"Oh, that rule! I thought it was only for last week."

"Think again, Frederick! I expect unquestioning obedience, especially on this subject! What is rule number one?"

"No jacking off." I answered sheepishly.

"And why are you not allowed to jack off?

"Because my cum belongs to you."

"That's right, Freddy!" Ann gushed with a hint of glee in her voice. "Now rule number two: when you are home alone and cleaning your apartment you are to be naked!"

"Why? What difference does it make?"

"For one: it is what I want. For two: when I visit your place it should be clean."

"Wait, what? Why would you be visiting my place?"

"Don't play dumb, Frederick! My girls live with me! It's too risky to be carrying on when they are home."

"But, it wasn't too risky last Friday."

"Freddy, dear, I was horny as hell and that was a quickie. I, we, deserve more time to enjoy ourselves."

"You've got two days to get ready. We can go to your place after we go to Carol's studio." She handed me one of Carol's cards. "I'll meet you there at eight-thirty. Now, it's time to go."

"Wait! What! Tomorrow's Monday."

"Didn't I mention I'll be at a staff meeting Monday evening?"

"You did not!"

"Well, you're on your own tomorrow. Can't be helped, sorry." She apologized as she led me to the door.

Rosa was tending to some potted plants as I left. Ann didn't waste the chance to give her a cheery hello. Rosa barely responded, I was getting the impression she didn't approve but I couldn't understand why.

Two days! "Well," I thought, "how hard should it be to clean a one bedroom apartment?" Really the place wasn't much bigger than a two car garage and I had exactly one chair and a mattress on a plywood platform that I made myself. I didn't even have a dresser. I was living out of two suitcases and a duffel bag.

As soon as I got home I stripped. I started in the kitchen and by six the whole place was straightened up. There was nothing left to do but the laundry. Monday dragged by so I spent the time prospecting for new listings. I actually signed one up but it never made to the multiple listing service because Tom, the office manager, had a couple in his office when I returned and he sold it that very night. Quickest commission I ever earned!

On Tuesday evening I found myself at Carol's studio. I had expected to find it in a business strip but it was actually at her home. The main house was a federal style two story. The studio was in the carriage house at the rear of the property. It was a little over a hundred years old. It sat on an acre and a half, all that was left of the original farm. When it was built it was five miles out of town. Now it was surrounded by homes that only diminished the area. Carol had benches and trellises and a gazebo scattered around the yard, all cozy spots for photography. I parked and waited until eight-thirty before approaching the studio entrance.

Before I could open the door Carol came out, "What have you been waiting for?"

"I thought Ann was coming too."

"She is. She is running late." Carol ushered me into the back of the studio. "We can start without her." There was another woman setting up a bar stool in front of a black velvet curtain.

"Ashley, this is Frederick, Ann's friend. Frederick, this is Ashley, she is a licensed beautician who assists me when I am making a test portfolio for a prospective model."

It's a pleasure to meet you, Frederick! Ann has told us so much about you."

"It's nice to meet you too, Ashley." I wasn't really sure what to think. Ann was very candid with Carol. What could this woman know about me. She appeared to be much older than either Carol or Ann.

"The very first thing we should do is go outside and take some shots around the yard while there is still light." Carol picked up her camera and I followed her around the yard while she took numerous shots.

Ann arrived as the evening light faded. "Sorry I'm late, couldn't be helped. Andy is going to be late too! Our shipment was delayed and he has to get the deliveries ready for tomorrow."

"We don't need him tonight anyway." Carol said, "Let's get inside."

"How many shots did you take so far?" Ann asked.

"I don't know, does it matter? They're all black and white so I develop them myself."

"Just wondering."

"Fred, for these next few shots I want to take a series of pictures that will help me decide how to use you. They will be mostly profiles and maybe one or two straight on, OK?"

"Whatever you say."

"Sit on the stool and look directly at the upper left hand corner of the camera. Great."

"Now, turn about forty-five degrees to the left." Ann was standing on Carol's right side. "Look at Ann."

"Don't look so glum!" Ann chided. "These aren't mug shots!"

That made me smile just a little. Ashley was holding a large piece of white board first on one side then the other to cast light and dull shadows as Carol took numerous shots. Turn this way, look that way, smile, cock your head. It all went so fast!

After that first go round Carol approached me and put her hand under my chin. Moving my head first one way and then the other she addressed Ashley, "I think Fred needs a little help with some wild hairs!" She looked at Ann, "don't you agree?"

"Now that you mention it there are one or two that should be trimmed."

Ashley took me by the hand. "Over here, Fred, I'll get you all spruced up."

There was a small room at the rear of the studio that could not have been more that six by nine but it was equipped with a reclining barber chair, a sink and mirrors on three sides. "Have a seat, Fred, this will only take a minute."

Ashley tilted the seat back and started trimming any hair that was out of place; eye brows, ears, nose, any hair that didn't belong was trimmed. Ann was watching from the doorway. "While you're at it he needs a shave."

Ashley agreed, "That five o'clock shadow is a bit much."

When they were satisfied that I was presentable Carol took another round of pictures.

This time she only took six or seven. "That's enough for tonight, kids. I'll let you know when they're ready to view."

"Would you look at the time." Ann exclaimed. "It's after ten. We better get going."

Once outside Ann pulled me close and locked lips, "That wasn't so bad was it?"

"Not at all." I agreed.

Once again Ann took charge, "Let's go, Freddy! I'll follow you to your place."

The drive from Bexley to Reynoldsburg only took fifteen minutes. Once inside my apartment Ann put her purse on the kitchen counter and walked over to the one chair in my living room. She sat down and just looked at me briefly before asking, "What are you waiting for?"

"What do you mean?"

"We're alone now Freddy. What does Ann like to see when we're alone?"

"Oh, ya." I replied as I began to strip. Sometimes I was a little slow back then but Ann was patient.

Once naked she motioned for me to kneel at her feet. "Put your head on my lap, Freddy." She stroked my cheek and chin. "So smooth! Where do you think Ann would like those nice smooth cheeks, Freddy?"

I reached under her skirt and stroked her thigh. She was wearing nylons and a garter belt. "Between your legs kissing your pussy?" I squeezed her thigh.

"Oh yes, Freddy! But not tonight, maybe tomorrow. It's only been four days, tomorrow you can eat mama's pussy!"

She pushed me away. "Stand up Freddy baby, stand up!" I was hard and aching for release. She slid off the chair and knelt at my feet. "Oh, Freddy baby, what a nice hard cock you have!" She stroked it ever so gently being careful not to touch the sensitive tip. "Freddy likes?"

I shuddered, "Oh yes, that feels wonderful."

She began rubbing my balls while she licked my shaft. "And this?"

I moaned in approval.

She held the tip of my cock between her lips and teased the slit with her tongue before pulling back. "And this?"

My knees were losing their strength as I started to tremble.

When Ann began massaging my anus I almost collapsed. "And this?" She giggled as she stood up. 

She went to the bathroom to wash her hands. "Ann!" I cried, "You can't leave me like this."

"Yes I can, Frederick!" She barked sternly. "It is part of your punishment for a messy apartment!"

"What mess?"

"There's a ring on the counter, a dirty coffee cup in the sink, and the soap dish in the bathroom is a mess. I don't have time to go into detail. Katy has school tomorrow and can only stay until eleven."

"But I'm about ready to explode!"

"Don't! It's against the rules." I was kneeling, naked with a hard on that was begging for attention as Ann opened the door to leave. The two young women that shared the apartment a crossed the hall were just coming in. Ann turned back and with the door wide open admonished me loudly, "Remember, Freddy, no jacking off!"

The girls were giggling and don't know if they could see me but Ann took her time closing the door as she greeted them, "It's a beautiful night isn't it, girls?"