 The next three days dragged by. I was not concentrating on business but I listed one single family and helped a client make an offer on a nice split-level in Bexley. I found five more four families to show Ann so every time the phone rang on Friday my heart started beating feverishly. When she finally did call about 1pm I had almost given up hope.

"Hey Fred, sorry I'm so late, hope you don't mind. It's been a rough three days and I slept in. Plus I had an appointment to get my nails done but I'm ready to check out some properties if you found any that might be in my price range."

"Afternoon Ann! So glad you called, Things have been hectic around here too. How was your trip?" I was trying to act "cool."

"Great but it took a lot out of me. I told you I'm an interior designer. Usually I stay in town but this week all the designers from all the stores were in Cleveland to help set up our latest store. We put in three twelve hour days to get ready for the grand opening tomorrow so I was exhausted when I got home last night. Enough about that, do you have anything I might be interested in?

"I do, five properties in fact."

"That's wonderful, I can be ready in fifteen minutes."

I lied, again trying to be "cool." "I'm with a customer right now, Ann, would four o'clock be ok?"

I thought I heard some disappointment in her tone but she agreed saying, "That will give me time to go to the store. You will have time for dinner won't you?"

She didn't say as much but my thought was "dinner" was her code for "I want to fuck your brains out!"

"Dinner would be great." I replied enthusiastically. 

"I thought you might say as much." She teased, "See you at four!" She didn't wait for my response.

It was all I could do to be patient and arrive at her place fashionably late. I lied again and apologized, "We were writing up an offer and I just couldn't rush them."

"No worries, I know you work on commission." She was all business. "Tell me about the properties you've found for me."

I described all five and she eliminated one because the neighborhood was too rough and another because it was too expensive. As we were walking out to my car she grinned and asked, "have you been a good boy?"

"Whatever do you mean, ma'am?" I answered in mock ignorance.

"Are you saying you've been a bad boy, Freddy?" It was the first time she called me that but from that day forward whenever she wanted me to know she was in charge she would call me Freddy, unless she was angered and then it was Frederick.

"No, ma'am, I obeyed your instructions. It was not easy but I did it."

"Did what, Freddy?"

"You know! What you said." I held the door for her to get in my car.

As I climbed in the driver side she admonished impatiently, "Yes, Freddy, I know. And I know that you know but I still want you to tell me." Her voice was soft and reassuring. "Whisper in my ear."

I leaned over and kissed her cheek and whispered, "I didn't jack off." Somehow there was a sense of shame. It was like admitting that I do jack off but because she asked me not to I refrained just for her.

"Why didn't you jack off, Freddy?"

I knew better than to hesitate or skirt the issue, I kissed her cheek again and whispered, "I didn't jack off so I could save my cum for you."

"That is so sweet, Freddy. I am so happy and proud that you want to save your cum for me. Now, enough of that, let's get down to business." For the next three hours we inspected the three remaining properties on my list. We talked about the pros and cons of each one. I gave her my estimate of expected income and expenses. She told me she would give my numbers to her accountant for a second opinion which I of course encouraged. She was partial to a double that had been turned into six student apartments over by the university but she wanted to be sure.

After dinner, which was a homemade tortellini in a sauce that turned out to be a mixture of Alfredo & Marinara with salad and garlic bread I helped her with the dishes and we retired to her living room. She put on some mood music again and we "made out" on the couch like teenagers.

After a few minutes I asked, "where are the kids?"

"They're staying at my mother's till tomorrow. Are you disappointed?"

"Not at all." I grinned. Was I too eager I wondered.

"Freddy," she sounded serious, "do you trust me?"

"I trust you, Ann."

"This is important, Freddy. I'm going to tell you a secret. You need to decide if you trust me and want to stay or if this is a little too much."

"I trust you, Ann."

She held both my hands and looked down before she calmly stated, "I am a sex addict. It's what broke up my marriage. My husband could not deal with it."

I had no idea what to say. I just stammered, "it's ok." It sounded stupid when I said it.

She looked up and stared into my eyes. I don't know what she was looking for. Finally she spoke clearly and softly, "I want you to listen. Please don't interrupt. You need to hear me out before you decide. I am a sex addict but I have it under control. I don't want to be with lots of men. I want a man who can live with all the different ways it might go. Monday was a test. When you let me fuck you it was a good sign. When you jacked off for me that was another test. When you told me you saved your cum for me that was another test. When you talked out loud about it I knew you might be the one."

I looked into her eyes as she spoke. I knew she was baring her soul. She was more naked than if she was wearing no clothes.

"Freddy, tell me again what you did for me."

I kissed her cheek and whispered, "I didn't jack off, I saved my cum for you. I trust you, Ann."

She smiled mischievously, "Say it out loud, Freddy."

I blushed, embarrassed but also excited. "I did not jack off because you asked me not to." I answered calmly and with a hint of pride and excitement.

"I promise you, Freddy, that as long as we are together I will only have sex with you."

I didn't know what to say so I just rephrased what she had said, "I promise you, Ann, that as long as you will have me I will only have sex with you."

She grinned, "and... "

"And I will only jack off when you let me."

She looked so triumphant and happy as her hand raised my arm so she could cuddle under it. We kissed over and over while she stroked my chest. I held her breast in one hand and gently massaged it. If that moment in time had lasted forever I would not have cared, I could not have been more content.

Without warning she pushed herself away. "I'm going upstairs to get comfortable, why don't you do the same!" She gave me a quick kiss on the cheek and then bounded up the stairs.

I took my jacket off and my tie. I loosened my shirt from my trousers and undid two buttons. As I took off my shoes I heard her call down the stairs, "There's a bottle of wine in the fridge why don't you pour?"

I was about to sit down when Ann returned. She was wearing a peasant blouse and a long cotton skirt. "Freddy, you don't look comfortable at all." She pulled me close and kissed me saying, "you need to loosen up. Let me help you." One by one she unbuttoned my shirt buttons kissing my neck as she worked.

She massaged my bare chest and undid my belt buckle and pulled my trousers down around my ankles. She knelt at my feet and help me step out of my pants. "That's so much better don't you think?' I was wearing my usual jockey shorts and my cock while not huge was making a noticeable bulge. She placed her hand over it and gave it a squeeze. "Let's keep this bad boy cooped up for a while."

Ann stood up and holding my hand led me to the couch. As she sat on one end I could see she wasn't wearing a bra. "Sit facing me Freddy." I must have looked confused. "Don't be shy Freddy. Sit so I can hold you like a baby." I crawled on to the couch and nestled a crossed her lap. One arm around her waist the other around her neck. My head was supported by one arm and the other was stroking my chest. We kissed, not like a baby kissing his mother but like aroused lovers.

"Freddy baby, do you know what mama would really like?

I could play this game, "what mama?"

"Mama wants baby to nurse." She pulled the neck of her blouse down and exposed her breast. Her nipple was rock hard. I sucked gently. "Baby! Don't bite too hard you'll hurt mama."

I knew what she wanted and I wanted to do what ever she needed. As I nursed she stroked my head, my neck, my chest and belly. She accidentally brushed my cock every so often keeping me hard, and I was putty in her hands. I nursed on one breast and then the other, back and forth, licking, biting, sucking all the while listening to her coo and moan and tremble in pleasure. It was like she was having an orgasm from just my nursing.

"Freddy baby, you are such a bad baby," she teased, "you've made mama all wet." She pushed me away. "Baby knows what mama needs."

I backed off the couch, down between her legs. She raised the hem of her skirt and spread her legs. She was right! Her pussy was glistening and her thighs were coated. I could not believe I was nearly naked and about to kiss just my second pussy ever. My wife never really enjoyed oral sex but I could tell Ann crave it. I sucked up as much of her juices as I could as I slowly approached a very natural love nest. In those days women didn't shave as much as they do now.

Ann's pussy was not small and tight like a virgin's but swollen and slightly open as if to invite a cock or tongue to probe its depths. My mind raced, two babies had traveled this tunnel and other fingers and tongues and cocks before me but it was new to me and mine in this moment. Ann's hands urged me on. "Kiss it, baby! Kiss mama's pussy! Fuck mama with your tongue."

She was wet and sloppy and getting wetter. "Be gentle, baby." She bucked when my tongue brushed her clit and that only made me want to please her more!

Without warning her phone rang. Back then they were all land lines. She put one hand on my head. "Don't stop, baby, please don't stop." She pleaded, "I'll get rid of them."

She took the phone off the end table and answered, "Hello."

"Oh, hi Carol." Her free hand was stroking my head. You could hear she wasn't relaxed exactly.

"I'm kind of busy, can I call you back?" I looked up at her. She frowned and pulled my lips to her pussy. She continued stroking the back of my head as I alternated trying to bury my tongue in her pussy and licking her clit.

"Carol, can't this wait. Fred came over for dinner tonight and we are enjoying a glass of wine and some music." I looked up at her again and saw her teasing her own tit.

"I know it's important, Carol, but we've got all weekend. Can't this wait till tomorrow?"

She smiled and puckered like she was kissing me." Once again she pulled my lips to her pussy.

"I'm a little distracted right now, I can't concentrate. Really Carol, I'll call you later, tomorrow afternoon." Her hips were moving in time to my licks.

"For Pete's sake Carol, I'm busy. It's been months since I've entertained a gentleman and right now I don't care about the new crap that came in." She was losing what was left of her patience.

"It's none of your business, Carol, but if you must know Fred is almost naked kneeling between my legs and eating my cunt and I'd like to enjoy it now good night." She slammed the receiver down. "I'm sorry about that, Fred."

"Why did you tell her that?" I stopped eating her pussy and looked at her. She had a wicked little grin on her face.

"Carol knows all about my problem, she knows how it affected my marriage and I told her all about you."

My face was burning. Was I blushing in embarrassment or angry? A little of both maybe. "But you told her I was nearly naked and eating your pussy. Was that necessary?"

"Freddy baby, it was just girl talk. Anyway, I told her all about you already. She knew I was meeting you and she knows how horny I've been so I think she just wanted to know how it was going." Her explanation was not comforting me.

"Girls talk, Freddy, about lots of things. Besides, when Carol meets you I want her to see you just like this!" She pulled my lips back down to hers. "You're not done!"

I kissed all around the outside of her pussy as I thought about what she had done. I knew women talk about sex sometimes. I just didn't like the thought of them talking about me and what or how I do something.

"Concentrate Freddy, make mama happy!" She gently stroked my head.

I wondered, did she tell her about the jacking off thing? Saving my cum?

"Freddy baby, that feels so good. Now slip a finger in. Fuck me with your finger and suck!" Ann knew just what she wanted and she was not shy about letting me know!

Her hips began thrusting; ever so slowly at first. As they rose her hand pulled my face into her pussy like she was using a toy. "Two fingers, Freddy, three! Harder, suck harder!" I could feel her tremble as she came on my face, her belly heaving, her cunt grasping, her voice rising. "Yes, Freddy, yes! That's it , oh, yes, that feels so..o. good. Without warning she pushed me away, "Stop! It hurts! It hurts so good!"

She slumped back on the couch; all the tension drained from her legs, her fingers idly playing in my hair. "Come to mama."

She held me in her arms like a baby once again and kissed my lips, my chin, my cheeks and chin. "I taste good don't you think?"

"Delicious, simply divine!"

As we kissed I felt her hand pushing my Jockey shorts off my hip. I raised up and she pushed them far enough so she could grasp my cock. As her fingers wrapped around my cock and started pumping she giggled, "Let's do something about this."

I started to change position so I could enter her but she stopped me. "Not tonight, Freddy. Tonight I want to see how much cum you've saved for me. I want to watch you shoot. We'll fuck in the morning."

I knew it was futile to argue with Ann. She knew just how to push my buttons. Besides, she wanted to fuck in the morning and she was jacking me off. Life was good.

"Freddy."

I was almost in a trance as I lay in her arms enjoying the way she played with my cock and balls. She would rub my balls until they relaxed and then stroke my cock until they tightened up again. First my balls, then my cock; back and forth, over and over. I had edged myself but never for so long. "Suck my tit, baby."

She pulled the neck of that peasant blouse down so I could suck. She held my head in her arm like a baby so I could nurse and her free hand teased my cock. When she pumped it was so gentle I could just barely feel it. There was no hurry. When I jacked off I sometimes pumped so hard it would hurt when I was done but Ann seemed to enjoy seeing how long she could tease me.

"Are you close Freddy? Are you gonna shoot for mama?"

"Please, mama, please make me shoot!" I pleaded. I was more than ready, I needed to cum for her, I wanted to cum for her."

"Not just yet, Freddy! There is a tube of lube next to the phone. Can you reach it for mama?"

I arched my back and stretched to grab the lube. I held it while she took the cap off. "Squirt some on your cock for mama, Freddy."

She put the cap back on and I dropped the tube on the floor as she coated my cock with the cool lube. "Are you going to give mama a nice strong shot, baby?"

My cock was getting very tender, the veins were pulsing, the whole thing was turning dark purple. Her grip tightened and she stroked with a purpose. The cum which had been building up deep inside was rushing out the only escape route it had. The pain that feels so good was intense. I gasped, "Stop! Please stop, it hurts too much!" cum once again coated my chest and belly and my cock was too tender to touch.

Ann stroked my face and smiled, "You were fantastic, Freddy! Now I know what will happen in my pussy tomorrow morning when you fuck me."

I was exhausted, unable to speak. I just looked up into her eyes and smiled wondering what it would be like to fuck her and not be fucked. Not that being fucked by Ann was a bad thing.

"Would you look at the time! It's almost midnight." Ann kissed me on the lips and somehow again found a towel to clean up the mess she made with my cum. "Pour us some more wine, Fred, and then we'll take a shower and go to bed."

I stood up and she pulled my Jockeys down. "You don't need these do you?"

"I guess not." I grinned as I kicked them aside and went to the kitchen to get the wine. When I came back Ann was still wearing the peasant blouse and skirt. She was seated on the end of the couch and talking on the phone. I scowled as I handed her the glass.

"What's wrong, baby? She gave me one of those looks women give you when they already know the answer. "Just a minute, Carol, Freddy is upset about something."

"Freddy, baby." She didn't even cover the mouth piece on the receiver as she talked to me. "Didn't I explain that it's just girl talk? I am going to tell Carol all about this and if that is a problem you should just leave and never call me again."

She raised the phone to her lips, "Yes, Carol, he's standing here wearing just his socks. Just wait a minute, ok?

"Besides, I thought you might like to hear what I'm going to say about you. Now sit down, drink your wine and listen or get dressed and leave. I will be very disappointed if you leave but it's your choice!"

"No, Carol, he's not leaving. He's sitting down." She sipped her wine.

"Socks, Carol, I told you he's just wearing socks. She looked at me.

"Carol wants to know why you are wearing your socks." I just scowled.

"Carol said I should take a picture with my Polaroid. If I don't show your face would that be ok?"

My eyes must have been as wide as saucers. "I don't think he likes that idea, Carol." She says you're not fair.

"She wants to know if you are a good fuck." I told her I'd find out in the morning.

What's he good at? I told you already, he's great at eating pussy!" she looked at me and smiled. "You are you know!"

"I'm tired, Carol, we can talk more tomorrow." She finished her wine, stood and took my hand. "How about a nice shower before bed?"