 To everyone who commented on Part 1 of my story I want to say thanks. Several of you recommended an ending and I appreciate that but this story is an on-going one and it is completely true. I only report the facts.

Watching Mary run through the gate after Lindsey I tucked my semi-hard cock back into my shorts. Cussing myself for being so stupid and getting caught by Mary's 19 year old daughter. Several senarios went through my head as I returned to the house for some dinner and a relaxing soak in the whirlpool bath. I had no sooner entered the kitchen when the phone rang. I checked the caller ID and sure enough it was the office.

"Piss on 'em." I told myself. "I'm suppose to be sick."

I went to run my bath water and the phone rang again. Yep, it was the office again. I figured it must be important so I picked it up.

"Hello?" 

"Greg? This is Jamie at the office. You busy?" she asked.

"Not really Jamie I was just getting ready to relax in the tub."

"Well, I know you aren't felling good but Mr. James wanted me to call and tell you to get packed, you're going to Chicago. The McMillan account is being audited and you need to be there since it is your account. Sorry to be the bearer of good news."

"Don't worry about it Jamie you are just doing your job. Thanks, when does my flight leave."

"I booked you on the nine o'clock flight so you could get some rest when you get there"

"Thanks you're a sweetheart. See ya in a few days"

"Bye, and try to be a good boy while you're up there."

"I give you my word Jamie. Bye"

One glance at the clock told me I wouldn't have time to take that bath, so i just took a quick shower and threw some things in my suitcase when the phone rang again.

"Hello?" I said somewhat annoyed.

"Greg? This is Mary, we need to talk." she sounded like she had been crying.

"I know we do Mary but the office just called and I need to catch a plane at nine o'clock and I need to be there at least two hours early." I tried to explain.

"Lindsey is threatening to tell Steve what she saw today!" 

"WHAT? She wouldn't do that would she?

"Well, I'm not going to call her bluff, would you?" she asked.

"No, I guess not. How can we stop her?" 

"I haven't got a clue. But we need to think of something." she sniffled.

"When is Steve due back?"

"Day after tomorrow, but he is leaving from the airport with some friends to go on his annual hunting trip up in Canada."

"Well, I will be back in two days, you think we can take care of it then?"

"Sure, she won't be able to talk to him until he gets back from Canada."

"O.K. we'll handle it then. See you when I get back."

"Alright be careful."

"Bye Mary"

The trip to Chicago was as boring as all the others have been and didn't take as long as I figured it would. I was on my way home the next night ad glad for it. Mary's phone call had been on my mind the whole time. How were we going to keep Lindsey from telling her dad that she had caught Mary with my cock stuffed down her throat and her mouth full of my cum? I really didn't have a clue about what to do, so I figured Mary and I would just confront her and try to explain our way out of it. 

This was going to be tricky because at the age of 19 I am sure Lindsey was no fool when it came to sex. She often displayed ample cleveage when she came over to borrow something. Not quite her moms height but with the same blonde hair and peircing eyes, Lindsey was quite the looker but I had watched her grow up and had no intentions of ever trying anything with her. She was really more like my daughter than the "girl next door". 

I arrived at my house from the airport at around 2 in the morning and went straight to bed, Alone Again!!  After what seemed like 10 minutes the phone rang.

"Greg? This is Mary, I saw your truck in the drive, you must have had a change in plans."

"What time is it?"

"10:20 in the morning, what time did you get home?"

"Around 2 o'clock."

"Have you given any thought to our little problem."

"Hell, Mary that is all I've thought about since we last talked."

"And?"

"I can't think of anything to say to her." I said.

"Yeah, I know the feeling. She won't even look at me, much less say anything to me. I got called into work so I haven't tried to say anything to her this morning."

"Well, we need to head her off at the pass, and get her to compromise or something"

"Got any ideas?"

"Not yet but give me a little while to think on it."

"Well, let me know if come up with anything and I will do the same."

"Alright see ya later Mary"

"Bye"

I pulled myself out of bed and into the shower still thinking about my conversation with Mary and dreading my confrontation with Lindsey. I let the warm water run over my body as I slowly stroked my cock to life reliving my time with Mary out by the pool. As I stroked my cock my brain kicked into over drive and I hatched a devious plan to keep Lindsey quiet once and for all.

I hoped out of the shower and toweled off. I picked up the phone and dialed their house.

"Hello?" a groggy Lindsey answered.

I hung up the phone and dialed her back again. Feeling like a kid playing a prank I hung up as she answered again. I striped naked and went out to the pool and started cleaning it waiting for my plan to unfold. I was out there only five minutes when I heard the door to their house slam. My cock had reached it's full length when Lindsey came bursting through the gate into my back yard.

She stopped dead in her tracks as she stared across the pool at my hard dick staring right back at her. Standing there in her terry cloth robe that barely covered her ass and her hair messed up from just getting out of the bed my cock took notice and swelled even more. Damn, she looked sexy.

"Hi Lindsey!" I said as I opened my biggest smile at her.

"Damn, Mr. Greg would you mind putting something on" she shouted.

"As a matter of fact I would. This IS my house and I think I should be able to clean my pool in the nude if I so choose."

"Well, I'll come back when you are decent." she said in her snotty tone of voice.

She turned to go back out the gate but I caught her taking one last glance at my cock before the gate closed. My plan was under way and there was no turning back now. I gave her a half hour and I called her again. This time I didn't hang up.

"Hello?" she panted. She sounded all out of breath like she had been running.

"Lindsey? This is Greg, I wanted to apologize for my nudity a few minutes ago and was wondering if we could talk?"

"Are you dressed now?" I could hear her smile as she asked.

"Yes I am. I was going for a swim though, we can talk after that. Give me about ten minutes and you can come over."

"You're right we do need to talk. I'll be over in a little while."

"Fine see you then."

"Bye" she said and hung up.

I went to put on the cut-off shorts that I was wearing when she caught Mary and me in our compromising posistion. I dove in the pool and swam my 20 laps. Getting out I noticed Lindsey sitting in my lounge chair with her cut-off jeans and a halter top that barely covered her breasts.

"Hi." she said as she handed me a towel.

"Hi. Thanks for the towel. Look Lindsey, we need to talk about what you saw the other day."

"I know what I saw. I saw my Mom sucking that cock of yours." she smiled.

This set me back on my heels. I was not expecting her to be so forward about it.

"Lindsey, your mom said that you are threatening to tell your dad what you saw. Is that true?"

"Well, it doesn't have to be true if you don't want it to be."

"And what is that suppose to mean?"

I was standing next to her and was trying to get a good look at those tender teenaged breasts when she reached out and snatched my shorts down to the ground. My semi-hard cock popped out and in one swift movement Lindsey engulfed it all the way down to the base. That warm mouth knew exactly what to do as she swirled her tounge around my hardening dick and at the same time she caressed my aching balls. I reached down to play with her tits but she pushed my hands away and said.

"No touching, this is going to be done on my terms or I will tell dad what I saw."

"Hey, you're the boss here, whatever you say."

"That's more like it." 

She continued to suck and nibble on my cock showing me that she was no novice when it came to sucking a dick. In three minutes flat she had me ready to cum and as I felt that all to familiar tingleing in my balls so did she and she stopped leaving me hanging on the edge. 

"Damn Lindsey, don't stop now!!" I moaned.

"We are playing by my rules aren't we?"

"Sure, but that's not fair."

"OH, poor baby. Is his dick ready to bust?" she laughed.

She got up and went into the pool house looking over her shoulder seductively. 

"Stay out here until I call you!" she commanded.

After about five minutes she told me to come in and in I went. She had stripped down to nothing and I just stood there taking in all her youthfulness and beauty. She was proped up on some pillows I had put in the pool house and had one leg draped over the side of the couch.

"Like what you see?" she asked

"Very much so." I relpied.

"Then come over here and make me not want to tell daddy what I saw."

I walked over to her my cock at full staff and I dropped to my knees and buried my face in her neatly trimmed pussy. I was startled to feel how wet she was as I slidmy tounge into her. She let out a loud moan as I nibbled on her swelling clit. I let my teeth gently pull on it and she grabbed my head and pushed me into her. I reached up to play with her nipples and was suprised to find her hands already there.

"Lindsey, Greg, what the hell is going on here!!" Mary screamed.

I turned my head to see Mary standing over us. 

"I found a way to keep Lindsey quiet!" I smiled.

"QUIET? You call that quiet? I could hear her moaning from our driveway!"

"Oh Mom, don't be such a prude. I saw you with that cock in your mouth and I was so jealous I just had to have some of it for myself."

Here I was naked with a 19 year olds legs draped over my shoulders and her mother standing over us wondering what was going on. 

"Well," Mary said. "If you think I'm going to let you have him all to yourself young lady you have another thing coming."

With that Mary stripped of all her clothes and crawled between my legs sucking my cock into her wet and warm mouth. I continued my task of making Lindsey cum by again buring my face in her wet cunt. I felt Mary slide a finger up my ass and when she did I totally lost it and my cock exploded in her mouth as Lindsey's pussy flooded mine with her juices. We continued like this for the remainder of the day switching out partners and posistions. By the time we were finished I had fucked both of them in the ass and had filled their pussies with my juice twice. Needless to say I was worn out.

We plan to have several more sessions like this one when Steve goes out of town and Lindsey has promised me that the next one will be even more interesting.

Stay tuned. Aubie153