 Adam had a great life. At 40 he hadn't lost any of his classic American good looks—hazel eyes, perfect teeth, full lips, dark brown hair. He was 6'2, and very big and very strong. He took great pride in keeping himself in peak shape, going to the gym and working the machines on a regular basis. 

He was a software salesman for a large computer company. It was an easy job that brought in tons of cash and an enviable lifestyle to go with it. But the best thing about his job, the reason he'd never consider changing it, was the travel—because when he traveled, he loved to indulge in what he called his "adventures." Hot, fast, intense affairs with any number of women. He met them everywhere. He was at that age and had such a successful aura about him that all women, young and old, found him irresistibly sexy, and he liked to take full advantage of it. 

He had gone through a messy, painful divorce two years ago, and he was in no mood for a permanent relationship. He wanted no promises and no long entanglements, just good clean quick fun. Adam loved women and he loved to fuck, and he made no apologies for it. Since the time he was 17, he took enormous pleasure in sex and now that he was free again, he planned to have as much of it as he possibly could. 

He was promiscuous, but he often told himself, why let such a magnificent cock go to waste?

For he did have a magnificent cock. It was a good solid 8 inches in length, very thick and well-veined, with a large mushroom head. In a word—perfect. How many women had cum on his cock, he could not count. He knew what he liked and what he wanted, and more importantly, he knew what women liked and wanted. 

When he woke up one Saturday morning, that beautiful cock was hard and throbbing. Oh, it had been a while. Several months since his last adventure. He felt horny as fuck. He wanted to be bad. He wanted SEX. God he needed it! There was nothing he loved more than the feel of a wet, hot pulsating cunt around his cock. Nothing more. He liked to fuck and fuck hard, but, here he was, stuck at home with a raging hard-on and nothing to do with it. He refused to jerk off. That only made him more horny. 

He decided to go to the gym--again. He went every day. He had to channel this energy into something, so he thought he would go run a few miles on the treadmill and reminisce about his last adventure while he was sweating buckets. 

It was while he was pounding the machines with his earbuds blasting away that he saw her—a new woman at the gym, someone he'd never seen before. He was a regular and thought he knew all the hotties who came there. But not her.

She was right in front of him working the shit out of a Stairmaster. He saw long tan legs clad in tight silky white shorts, with the most beautiful smooth muscled thighs and the most perfect ass in existence pumping up and down right in his line of sight. His eyes traveled up and he caught a glimpse of high, firm C-cup tits under a turquoise tank top and a mass of natural blond curls held up in a pony tail, with little ringlets cascading down her neck. Jesus! He couldn't keep his eyes off her. She was just his type, too. He tried his hardest to peek in the mirror so he could see her face, and of course she was gorgeous. Full soft lips, big blue eyes. She was probably 35. Though she had blonde hair and blue eyes, she had nothing of innocence about her. She was lush and sexy and sultry. But she was intent and focused on her workout and didn't seem to notice him—or most of the men in the gym—ogling her. 

The woman on the Stairmaster was named Cassie, and in fact, she did notice Adam looking at her. She'd seen him right away when she came in. That was why she chose that machine, so she could work her ass right in front of him.

She was new to town, divorced for about a year, and had only recently signed up at this gym. She had been going about a week when she had noticed Adam because he was so big, with massive shoulders and big powerful thighs. Just her type. She could not stand skinny men. She liked to be overpowered, overwhelmed, and she was drawn to his hulking size right away, before she even saw how handsome he was.

Cassie was on a mission. It had been a year since her break-up. One year without a man, without sex, and she had had enough of it. She didn't miss her ex-husband, but oh did she miss his cock. They'd certainly had their share of problems, but sex had never been one of them. Jim, her ex, had just the same intense sex drive as she did. She was used to having his big cock fucking her every day, and it had been a very strange thing getting used to celibacy. She got a dildo, but that paled in comparison to the real thing. After a few ridiculous attempts at dating and a few very unsatisfying sexual encounters, she decided to take matters into her own hands. She would go out looking for a sexual partner. One she wanted, one she chose. She was not ready for a committed anything. She just wanted to be satisfied.

She had worked very hard to get to this point. She was pretty, sure, but she wanted to be HOT. She wanted her choice of men. She knew what kind of sex and what kind of cock she wanted, and she knew she had to look a certain way to get it. She wanted to look great in lingerie, in short skirts and dresses with spiked heels—like a classy slut. And so, she had started seriously hitting the gym. That was six months ago and it was now really paying off. Not like she'd ever been at a loss for male attention, but now she was getting looked over everywhere she went. She looked as good as she ever had.

Adam was mesmerized by her. She was beautiful, sure, but there was something about her, he couldn't say exactly what, that made him think she was just what he was looking for. A sultry quality that screamed sex. He tried to concentrate on his running but all he could do was stare at her. 

After a while, she stepped off the machine. As she stood toweling off her neck and shoulders, she deliberately looked into the mirror, directly into his eyes. She wanted him to know that she had seen him watching her, and that she had liked it. 

She held his eyes for only a second, but it was long enough for him to get the message, and for his cock to jump to attention, immediately understanding the sexual invitation.

He watched her walk away, her fabulous ass luring his gaze and his cock. Oh it was so easy. The game was on. 

It was no surprise, really, that these two immediately sought each other out. Anyone around them could see they were two alpha types, oozing sexual magnetism and confidence. In fact, though they didn't know it, they shared the same August birthday. They were both powerful, full-fledged Leos, raging fire signs ruled by the heart and driven by passion. Adam, in particular, had never met anyone like her before—a true sexual equal.

Of course, Adam went to the gym the next day at the same time, hoping, expecting to see her, but she wasn't there. She didn't show up for several days. But just when he was about to give up and think maybe she had just been a fantasy, she re-appeared.

He was upright on a stationary bike, just pedaling away, when he saw a woman on her way to the locker room. It was her! She must be coming from work, because she was all dressed up. She was wearing a dark green silk jersey wrap-around dress and black pumps. Her gorgeous dark blond hair was down and loose to her shoulders, her face heavily made up, and even from where he was sitting he could smell her perfume. Jesus, that dress hugged every single curve. He literally could not stop himself from staring at the way her silky ass jiggled tightly as she walked by, or the way her large firm tits bounced. How did they make dresses like that? It showed every sexy aspect of her body without being the least bit trashy. He just couldn't help it. He gawked at her. 

When she came out, she had her workout gear on and her hair up. Adam practically had a heart attack when he watched her do some stretches on the floor. Her body was so tight, so perfect. She was very flexible and did some yoga moves that showed off her beautiful lean frame. Though he had been there a while, there was no way in hell he was leaving while she was still there.

They almost met on the way out. Cassie was headed right for the door and he was there, so he held it open for her. The moment could not have been more electric. His eyes burned into hers with an open, frank sexual interest. He said "Allow me" and at the same time looked her up and down. Cassie said "Thank you" and lightly touched his arm as she glanced at him. He could smell her perfume. He didn't know what it was but just getting a whiff of it gave him an instant hard-on.

It wasn't until a few days later that they finally met and spoke to each other. Until then they had a few near meet ups. Once, he was checking in just as she entered, and he heard the attendant, Lisa, say "Oh Hi Cassie," so he knew her name. There were a few more glances in the mirror, a few more tiny touches at the desk or at the door. And, hour long workouts right next to or in front of each other, each of them knowing the other was watching. 

He would sit on the bike gazing into the mirror, surreptitiously watching her sweaty shoulders and cleavage in a tight black tank top as she ran. Though mashed into a sports bra, her breasts still looked fabulous. He watched her climb the machines in his line of sight until he had memorized every curve, every little swell of her hips. He loved fantasizing how her ass would look in lingerie, and how he would fuck her from behind if he could. His cock was almost constantly hard when she was near, and she knew it.

Cassie really got off on making herself an object for his eyes. She loved that he couldn't stop looking at her. She made sure he saw her all dolled up as well as covered in sweaty gym clothes. She got such a thrill seeing him blatantly staring at her ass. It only made her work it harder. 

One day they were both on the stationary bike with absolutely nothing to do except look straight ahead into the mirror into each other's eyes. Their gazes locked and the message was loud and clear. Neither of them was an idiot. They both recognized a powerful erotic energy. It was completely obvious, without a word being spoken. The only question was, who was finally going to do something about it?

So Cassie was not surprised when later, as she was walking to her car in the underground parking garage, she saw him standing there, casually leaning against the car right next to hers. She wasn't surprised, but she was still very pleased, excited and a little nervous that he had made a move. Finally! 

She had changed—she was now wearing a tight black skirt and a lacy white low cut top that hugged her tits. He was looking down at his phone as she walked up, which gave her time to take him in with her eyes. God he was cute! He had dark brows and full lips, thick dark hair. He was wearing loose jeans and a nice shirt tucked in with a belt. He had this totally calm, confident aura as he stood there. 

As she came walking up he finally heard her and shut off his phone. He leaned back with his legs spread in a V, his cock front and center, watching her. She came up close and smiled at him.

"So, you're following me?"

He smiled and said "Yes" and just looked at her.

"What'd you do, ask Lisa what kind of car I drove?"

"Yes. I'm Adam by the way."

"Cassie."

"I know." His eyes lingered on her lips as he said it.

Adam considered what to do. He thought about asking her out for a drink, but he didn't even want to wait that long and go through that little ritual. He wanted her now and from the way she was smiling at him, he knew she did too. So instead, he just reached out and brought his hand to the small of her back, drawing her a little closer so that she could feel his thighs on either side. He put his hands on her hips and held her there, inches from his cock. 

Cassie loved it. She couldn't help herself and reached out and touched his flat stomach with both hands. 

Adam groaned a little bit, squeezed her harder and said "Oh you are such a cocktease!"

She pulled back and looked him in the eye, and said seriously, "No... I just know what I want. 

"Oh yeah, and what's that?" 

In response, she slowly reached down and lightly traced her fingers down the length of his cock. 

Adam sucked in his breath through his teeth and closed his eyes. FUCK! He felt his cock grow rock hard under her touch. She was driving him crazy! He couldn't wait any longer. 

He whispered huskily in her ear, "Do you have someplace we could go?" as he ran his hands over her tight, round ass, caressing and squeezing her, smelling her and taking her all in. He wanted to devour her right there. 

"Yes, I do. Do you want to follow me in your car?"

He smiled, "Lead the way!"

"It's a bit out of town. Are you sure you have time right now?"

"Oh honey, I have time. Just point me in the right direction."

They broke apart and got in their separate cars. 

It was only a 20 minute drive to her house, but it took an eternity to get there. Cassie watched the lights of his car behind her. She was aching and aching thinking about him, following her, pursuing her, coming to fuck her. It had been so long, she knew she was going to be able to cum right away. 

Adam was rock hard as he drove, electrified, throbbing with desire. God he loved this! He had to shift in his seat several times to accommodate his rigid cock, which was pumped up hard thinking about Cassie's ass, her hair, her eyes, the seductive perfume she wore. They were both going to be very, very bad.

He pulled up behind her to a pretty little house on a hill overlooking the city. It had a large wrap-around deck where you could see the whole town spread out below. He knew this area. It was very secluded. A perfect place to come and fuck!

He got out of his car and followed her to the door. He came up behind her and nuzzled her neck, saying "Mmmmmm. . .you smell so good...." He rubbed his cock against her ass and caressed her arms.

After weeks of building up tension with all those work outs, there was no need for chit chat. It only took a few minutes before Adam had Cassie hoisted up on her kitchen counter, right near the door, his tongue in her mouth and his hands caressing the cheeks of her ass. She was a good 5' 8 inches tall, but he lifted her up like she weighed nothing. He groaned as he crushed her breasts with one hand, and with the other pushed up her skirt. He couldn't think about anything but feeling her pussy. He loved this moment so much. He had to pull down her silky black underwear and feel her, and she gasped out loud as his hands found her cunt. Adam couldn't help it. He cracked into a big grin, stood smiling into her eyes when he felt how wet she was. 

He gazed into her eyes as he put two fingers inside her, leaned over to kiss her, loving how she gasped and moaned in response. It had been so long she felt she could cum just from being fingered! But she didn't want to cum so quickly. She had to see his cock first, right away. She had been dreaming and dreaming about it, dying to see what it looked like. 

She reached down and fumbled at his pants, tried to undo his belt but she was too turned on. Adam had to stop what he was doing and, nice and slow, while she watched with big fascinated eyes, unbuttoned and unzipped his jeans. She was panting hard as he reached in and freed his cock, dripping cum, hard as a fucking rock. He let his jeans fall to the floor and stood there.

Cassie's eyes got wide when she saw how big he was. He had a thick, beautiful cock straining up and out from a thatch of dark curly hair, engorged and hot, all for her. She reached down, fascinated, wrapped her soft hand around the thick base and said "Oh, Daddy!" without even thinking.

Adam felt his prick jump in her hand when he heard that. So that's what she wanted! Oh, well he loved to play that little game. 

He put his hand on her soft curls as she grasped his cock. 

"Is that what you want, baby? Do you want Daddy to fuck you?" 

Cassie moaned out loud and felt her pussy gush even wetter. She leaned back and spread her knees, whimpering in response. 

Adam brought his hands to her knees, spread her legs wider and roughly pulled her forward.

"Here it comes, baby, here comes Daddy's cock, just for you." 

He pushed himself forward slowly while holding her open, watching his dick get slick and slippery as he slid in. He tried to make her really feel every inch, feel him filling her up as thick and full as he could. Cassie moaned and moaned as he entered her, and before he even got all of his eight inches in, she was cumming. She was so hot, so horny, it had been so long, she couldn't stop herself. Sometimes that's all it took. 

The pleasure was so intense she could not breathe. Adam reached down and gently rubbed her clit as she came, as she kept cumming right in front of him, with his thickness buried to the hilt inside her. 

"That's good, that's nice, cum for me Cassie,. . ."

And he was so turned on it only took him pumping her a few times before he felt a fast, urgent orgasm approaching. He moaned "Oh I'm cumming babe, I'm cumming" and pushed as hard as he could inside her, pumping her full of his semen, shuddering and gasping and moaning as she held his head.

Adam slowly stood, kissing her stomach as he removed his cock and as she lay with her legs still held wide open.

Adam had been with a lot of women lately, but this was the first one he had met in a long time that he actually wanted for more than a quick, hot fuck. They would certainly fuck and it would certainly be hot, but it was not going to be quick. He had yet to even fuck her properly. But he had to go.

He helped her down and put his hands in her hair, kissed her on the mouth and she walked him to the door. They both smiled at each other as he left, knowing they'd be seeing each other again very soon. 

***

The next time he was at the gym, she was there, in a light green leotard top with tiny spaghetti straps and a pair of tight black leggings. She looked gorgeous. He could see her nipples through her shirt and her thong wrapping around her perfect ass, and it turned him on to no end that every guy in the place was lusting after her. As soon as he could, he met up with her in a hallway where no one was around. He was urgent and serious. 

"When can I see you again?" he demanded. 

She just looked up at him with her big blue eyes. 

He stared at her, then grabbed her by the elbow and dragged her over to a secluded spot. 

"I need to see you!!" 

He pushed her against a wall, put his hands in her hair, growled against her ear, "I need to fuck you!" 

Cassie put her finger to his lips and said "shhh... we'll meet soon. But there's one thing. The next time I see you, I want you to be wearing a suit." 

Adam quickly said "Ok fine, but WHEN?" 

"This Saturday...unless you have other plans...?" 

"NO! I'll be there. At your place. 8:00. See you then" and he stalked off. For some reason he was mad at her—mad at her for making him want her so much!

For a whole week he dealt with being almost constantly hard, constantly thinking of her. Why was she making him wait?

When Adam left the house that night, he had on a casual black suit, a nice red tie, even putting on a pair of cufflinks. He doused himself with cologne. If that's what she wanted, that's what she was going to get!

As he drove up to Cassie's house, he had never been so on fire. He was going to fuck her so hard. He wanted her mouth, her tits, her ass, her pussy for the whole night, and he was going to get them.

At the door, he saw a note: "Meet me on the deck." So he walked around the side, curious to see what she had in store. When he saw her, he said "Oh fuck!"
