 This is a true story, and I changed the names to protect everyone's identity. I'm open to constructive feedback should you feel you want to share. You'll find contact information on my profile. I'd also be interested in buddying up with someone and acting as each other's editors. If interested, reach out. 




I had just received my first big promotion. Sales Manager of a satellite unit far away from the big city in which the company was located. I met with the HR person on-site and we discussed who was transferring and from which cities they were transferring. She asked me about administrative help. I told her I didn't have anyone in mind.

"We can give you Helen," she offered. "But I have to tell you, she's a bit of a strong personality and she doesn't really get along that well with the other admins in the office. In fact, we were thinking about letting her go. She's really smart, but she's also really tough to get along with."

I hated to see anyone lose their job, so I agreed to interview Helen the next day. I found her totally engaging, very smart, and a little sarcastic—all things I liked in a woman. She was a couple of years older than me, probably early 30's, and she was a BBW: Shoulder length light brown hair, green eyes, a slightly olive complexion and about 5'6". She had nice breasts, which I figured were about a C-cup, and narrow waist that flared out to wide hips and a wide, round, bottom. I didn't think she was particularly pretty, but there was definitely something about her that I found attractive. As a BBW lover, her body was definitely a turn-on. After talking for over an hour, I asked Helen if she was interested in joining my team and she agreed. 

Over the coming months, I started to build my team and since everyone was a transferee, I was trying to create a sense of esprit de corps, a sense of family since we were all so far from home. I was married, but alone as my wife hadn't moved out yet. 

Helen was very outgoing, and a good organizer. She ordered the stationery; got the supplies together, made sure everyone had a phone and furniture and had email. She never missed one of our after work gatherings. 

After a few months my wife arrived in town, and attended one of our after work gatherings. When the evening was over, she said "Helen wants you, you know."

"What?"

"I saw the way she looks at you and how she laughed at your jokes..."

"Nonsense."

"Ok, but I'm telling you."

I didn't think much of what my wife said, but I did notice that Helen was in my office a lot and she liked to stay late on the days I stayed late. I thought it was because she lived alone and had no family in town.

One day she came into my office wearing a tight-fitting blouse and a skirt that hit just below her knees. She sat down in front of my desk and while we were talking she crossed and uncrossed her legs several times. Each time the skirt rode up and showed some of her well-proportioned thighs. I'm a leg man, so this definitely got my attention. I said nothing and tried not to stare. Several days later, she wore a similar outfit. This one included a knit sweater. It was one of those that looked crocheted, with open spaces, which made it possible to look through. She wore a nude bra, so that at first glance it looked like she was braless under a very revealing knit top. Again she found a reason to visit my office and as she crossed and uncrossed her legs, her skirt rode up until I could begin to see the very top of her pantyhose, where the reinforced material creates a thicker band. This got me instantly aroused, but I tried to keep cool and keep the conversation to business, although I knew she knew I was mentally licking and nibbling my way toward her womanhood and that I was longing to lick and suck on her pussy. 

It all changed at the Christmas Party.

The Christmas parties at this division were legendary: Lots to eat and drink, and all during the workday! The company closed at 11AM and we all went down to a local inn for lunch and libations. The drinks flowed and everyone began relaxing and having a really good time as the afternoon wore on. 

I had taken Helen and a couple other staff to the party in my car, so that we would have fewer cars at the inn. By 3PM, we were all feeling pretty good and the party began to break up. Some went to other places to continue the festivities; I decided I might get a few things done at the office and call it a day. I drove Helen and another woman back to the office. 

Pulling up in front, Helen asked, "You going in?"

"I have a few loose ends to clean up, but you go on and do whatever you want," I replied. 

"I think I'll come up, too."

We walked into the office, which was deserted, and Helen put her arm around my waist, as we squeezed through the door together. As we got through the doorway, she reached down and grabbed my ass. I figured it was either the alcohol or an accident, so I decided not to say anything about it and we both went to our desks. A few minutes later, I needed to get something from Helen and walked over to her desk. I watched her as I approached. She had a dark blue silk blouse and an off-white skirt (I think the women would call it Winter White). She had hiked up the skirt to mid-thigh, revealing her shapely legs, made even shapelier by her hose. I walked around behind her chair and sat on the return portion of her desk. 

Helen turned in her chair, so that she was now facing me and I could see her incredible legs. "What can I help you with?" she smiled.

"I need you to help me correct a contract"

She spun around again in her chair, her back now to me. "Which one?", she asked as she pulled up the file. 

I moved up behind her to get a better look, which placed me at the back of her chair. I pointed over her shoulder to show her the file. She clicked on it and then pulled my hand toward her until my hand was on her right breast. Her tit felt good in my hand; I could feel the softness of her flesh, and also the weight of her C-cups and the design of her bra. She said nothing as she pulled up the contract and asked where I wanted the correction made, and made the changes, all with my hand on her tit. I expected her to say something. When she had saved the document and printed it, she turned, placing her hand over mine and turned back toward me, and began making small talk as I squeezed her tit with her hand over mine. I could feel her nipple tighten against the fabric and against my gentle squeezes. I was sure she was setting me up or that this must be a joke, but as she and I continued the small talk, she rubbed her legs against mine. 

As much as I tried to think only business-like thoughts, desire took over and my cock sprang to life, rock hard and straining against my slacks. I know Helen noticed this, but she said nothing. After a while, I removed my hand from her breast. It had been nearly 20 minutes and I couldn't take any more, so I excused myself to the men's room where I took out my cock and after a stroke or two, fired several streams of hot spunk into the urinal. After a few minutes, my erection subsided and I went back out to the office where Helen was placing the printed contract on my desk. As she bent over my desk, I grabbed her ample rear, squeezing and massaging it, instantly getting hard again. 

"My girlfriend is coming to get me. She should be here in a minute or two," she said. 

"Ok, enjoy the rest of your evening," I replied. I wanted to say more, but I was speechless. Was she into me? Was she setting me up? Was this a harassment suit waiting to happen? 

When Monday morning came along, everyone returned to the office and it was business as usual. Sometime mid-morning, Helen appeared in my office, closing the door behind her. 

"I wanted to apologize for my behavior on Friday afternoon," she said. "It must have been the drinks; that's really not like me."

"We both had a bit to drink. Let's forget it and chalk it up to experience," I replied. I was still wondering if this was just a "thing", something that happened to two coworkers during a party, or did Helen want me? It would take me several more months to get the answer. 

The following months found Helen becoming alienated from her co-workers. All the things I was warned about were true, but even worse in this case. In the early spring, my manager came to me and told me that Helen wasn't doing what the other sales reps were asking her to do and that she would only do work for me. She told people in the office she worked directly and only for me. From my standpoint, she was the perfect employee, and she continued to flirt as she did before the Christmas Party, and she continued to flash her ample thighs whenever the opportunity arose. 

I had several conversations with Helen about this, but her attitude never changed, and I was forced to let her go. Although that's where I thought the story would end, it's actually where a new chapter began. 

After releasing Helen, she called my office and asked if she could return to pick up some things she had left behind. I agreed to meet her the following morning, Saturday, so she could collect her things without creating a scene. She arrived, and collected her things, placing them in the lobby at the elevator. She came back into my office to say goodbye. She walked over and we hugged. She was a bit emotional, so I held her. As I did, I found my hands moving down to the small of her back as she held me tightly. Before long, I had my hands in the pockets of her jeans, squeezing her ass. After a few minutes, she released her arms from my neck, and as she turned, I pulled her back, feeling her ass against my growing hard-on. She leaned back into me and I plunged my hands into her front jeans pockets. I squeezed her upper thighs as Helen let out a sigh. Regaining my senses, I walked her down the stairs to the front door, and unlocked it. Helen turned to say goodbye again, and I leaned forward, giving her three quick kisses on the lips. I think we were both a bit surprised as she headed home and I went back up to my office.

I tried to push what happened out of my mind when I received a letter at the office a few days later. It was a thank you card from Helen, thanking me for my support and my affection during her time in my employ. She included her number. I thought of calling, but something stopped me. The following day Helen called my office.

"Did you know I left my card table at the office?" she asked.

"No idea at all. Where is it"

"It's in the storage cabinet. I can come get it later today."

"Why don't I bring it to you on Saturday?"

"Sure. Do you want my address?"

"I'll call you on Saturday. You can give it to me then," I replied. 

That Saturday, I picked up the table and brought it to Helen's apartment. I figured I'd drop it off and be on my way. I was running errands, dressed in running shorts, sneakers and a t-shirt. I wasn't exactly dressed to the nines. This was the first time I had been to Helen's apartment. It was a pretty typical apartment, in a large suburban complex where each building looked exactly like all the others around it. After a few minutes of trying to get my bearings, I found the correct building and carried the table up to the second floor. Helen greeted me at the door, wearing a maroon silk blouse and black leggings. I admired how the silk draped against her tits and how the leggings accented her thighs. 

Helen welcomed me in and told me to place the table near the front door. 

"Let me show you around," she said, as she took my hand and showed me her guest room, kitchen and bedroom before bringing me back to the living room. She had a number of beautiful photographs along the wall. 

"These are amazing," I said, admiring some photos that hung over a loveseat. 

"Thanks, I enjoy photography," she replied. She sat on the arm of the loveseat, with her legs over the inside and her feet resting on one of the cushions. She touched the small of my back as I leaned in for a closer look at one of the pictures. Her touch immediately aroused me and I reached my hand and began gently rubbing her thigh, moving from knee to mid-thigh. As I did, she began doing the same thing. With each pass, Helen went higher and higher up the leg of my shorts. My cock sprung to attention, and I knew it was time to get going. I wanted Helen badly, but I was married and I didn't want to be unfaithful. I made an excuse and headed for the door. Helen said goodbye and gave me another long hug. I rested my head on her shoulder, giving her a light kiss where her neck and shoulder met. 

Immediately, Helen moved her head toward mine and before I knew what was happening we were locked in a passionate kiss, our tongues instantly inside each other, eagerly exploring each other's mouths. 

When we finally broke the kiss Helen asked, "Do you know how long I have wanted to do that?"

"No. How long?"

"Since the moment I met you," she replied as she kissed me deeply again. 

My hands were back on her ass in an instant, pulling her close to me, kissing her deeply, and exploring her mouth. After a few minutes I found myself once again exploring the tits I had sampled months earlier. As we kissed, we moved toward the bedroom and fell into the bed. I unbuttoned her blouse, kissing her cleavage, her chest and shoulders, lowering her bra straps and kissing her neck, nibbling on her ears. Helen leaned up and reached behind to unhook her bra, revealing a perk set of round breasts, perfectly formed, and ending at dark areolas that were at least the size of a silver dollar. I hungrily began licking and nibbling gently as Helen's nipples hardened. I heard the breath catch in her throat as I sucked hard on one of her breasts. 

I mounted Helen, as she spread her legs and rubbed my erection against her crotch and she moaned approvingly. I reached down and pulled her leggings and panties off in a single move as she lifted her hips to help me remove the last of her clothing. I tossed them off the bed, as Helen undid my shorts and pushed them down, allowing my cock to spring out. 

Kissing her deeply and passionately, she spread her legs and I slowly began to enter her now wet slit. She was tight, and I took my time entering until my cock was in to the hilt. She moaned a little as I bottomed out inside her. She stared at me with her blue-green eyes as if asking me to make love to her. 

I began with slow, purposeful strokes, gradually increasing speed as I pushed her legs back. Helen groaned with pleasure as I picked up the speed. I could feel her pussy tightening against my swollen cock as I pushed in and out faster and faster. Helen was starting to reach the edge and her moans became more ragged and she held my shoulders tightly as the first waves of orgasm washed through her. She wrapped her legs around me as I continued to pound her and I could feel her tighten and shudder then release around my cock. It was all that I needed and I pounded her hard about ten or so more times as I felt my orgasm building, my balls tightening until that tingle, that moment of release. I moaned as I shot string upon string of hot cum into Helen's wet, waiting pussy. I kept my cock inside Helen's box as long as I could. When I finally softened and slipped out, we looked at each other, sweaty and spent. She kissed me lightly on the forehead as I laid there and caught my breath. My mind raced with thoughts of what had just happened. I knew it was wrong. I knew I had to have more.