 This was such a dumb idea! I had hated high school the first time around. What on earth compelled me to go to this 15-year high school reunion? 

I guess I just needed a diversion...anything to keep me from thinking about my recent divorce and all of the wasted years of my life. However, I already had a feeling that this event was only going to add to my depression. Already, I had been here a half hour and was bored out of my skull.

Oh, well...at least they had booze here.

Ordering a glass of champagne from the makeshift bar, I looked around at the mass of people in the gussied-up gymnasium, complete with tons of tables, chairs, balloons and a dance floor. I didn't know what I had expected, but it wasn't this. There were a lot of people there that I didn't recognize talking about a lot of people that I didn't know.

"Hello..."

My heart stopped when an extremely attractive man joined my side, also ordering a glass of champagne. 

With dark tanned skin, black hair and deep brown eyes, this beautiful stranger could have been Rudolph Valentino, come to sweep me away to some Arabian desert and do naughty things to me. He was foreign-looking, perhaps Greek. He was wearing a dark blue suit which appeared rather expensive-looking and a gold chain around his neck. His build was strong and wiry-looking, well filled out. 

Suddenly, I felt like I could have been back in high school all over again, a gawky teenager again, hopelessly drooling over the cutest guy in class.

When I had been walking to the school through the parking lot, I knew that I had looked good in my strapless teal green gown and silver strap heels. My dark chestnut hair was perfectly styled at the local salon, cascading down in artful curls. The dress which clung to me mercilessly showed off my body to its best advantage. I don't know why I went to so much trouble to try to impress my old classmates. I guess it was just my way of telling all of those people to go fuck themselves. It was my way of saying that I survived high school, despite all of the insults and bullying and inevitable teenage garbage.

Still, there was the little geek girl inside of me, unable to believe that this hot guy could seriously want to talk to me.

"I was hoping to see you here..." the stranger said with an easy smile. He had a beautiful deep voice with a British-sounding accent.

I looked around nervously, wondering if he was talking to someone else. Nope, I was the only one there.

"Do I know you?" I asked, looking for a name tag. He wasn't wearing one.

"Dimitri..." he answered. "Dimitri Monaco."

I shook my head.

"I'm sorry," I confessed. "Um, what class were you in?"

"We were in biology together," he said. "You sat in front of me. We didn't know each other very long, I'm afraid. But you saved my life a few times. More than once, I copied the answers from your tests."

I covered my mouth with my hand, old memories taking over.

"Oh, my god!" I exclaimed. "I remember you now!"

"You do?" he asked, seeming pleased.

"Yes. How could I forget you? With an accent like that!"

Indeed, Dimitri was of Greek descent, but had been raised in England. He had seemed very exotic to me, just a boring kid from Texas.

"You had been very nice to me at a time that had been...very trying for me..." he said mysteriously.

"Glad I could help," I smiled, not sure what he was talking about. I didn't recall being all that nice to him in school. "And didn't you also go to the same college too?"

"Yes!" he nodded with a smile, pleased that I had remembered. "We'd see each other on campus every once in a while. Two ships in the night...scurrying past each other on the way to classes."

"That's right," I nodded. "I'm sorry I didn't recognize you. You look so different now."

"For the better, I hope?"

I just shrugged nervously. 

In short, the answer was 'hell, yeah!' The boy I remembered had been somewhat gawky and shy, still handsome but very withdrawn. He didn't talk much and nobody ever talked to him. Sometimes, I would turn around and chat with him from time to time. But he was always so shy that a conversation would ultimately be too much hard work. He seemed much more mature and confident now.

"Weren't you a senior?" I asked. "This isn't exactly your class, is it?"

"I'm here as a guest of another one of your classmates. She's around here somewhere, I suppose."

"Oh..."

I tried hard to hide my disappointment. Of course, he was dating someone. All of the good ones were always taken. What else was new?

Trying not to look as sullen as I felt, I took a sip of my champagne.

Why did I care anyway? The last thing I needed was another man in my life. I just escaped from the last suffocating relationship with a nasty divorce. Why was I so anxious to get in another mess?

"They Can Never Tear Us Apart" by INXS started to play on the loud speakers. Apparently, the high school reunion committee must have thought it would be cute to play a lot of old retro 80s songs, just to bring back more of those wonderful teenage days of yore. Most of the time, I preferred 80s songs much more than to the current junk of today. But at this party, all of these oldies just made me feel...old.

"I haven't heard this song in ages..." I said, straining to make conversation.

"Neither have I," he admitted. "I always liked it though. Would you like to dance?"

Looking longingly at the couples on the dance floor, I didn't dare say yes. This man was entirely too attractive, dangerously so. And I was never one to window shop for clothes that I couldn't afford. I had the same problem with unattainable men.

"Wouldn't your date object?" I asked.

"Since she's a lesbian, I wouldn't think so," he smiled. "She's just a friend."

"Oh..."

Suddenly, my mood lifted. And the dance floor was aglow with color and light. The gymnasium was now no longer dull but a glittering ballroom in one of the hottest nightclubs in Dallas!

"OK, sure." I nodded with a smile. "Let's dance..." 

The song was a slow one, all the better to get close to this delicious piece of eye candy.

Immediately, I loved the way we fit together so perfectly. He was a little bit taller than I was, but I liked that. And even though he held me respectfully at arms' length, I was impressed with the feel of his muscular build underneath his jacket. His cologne was intoxicating. If only I knew him better, I would rest my head on his shoulders and close my eyes, swaying with the music...

"Weren't you seeing some guy on a motorbike in school?" Dimitri asked.

"Oh, yeah," I moaned, remembering Peter. "The rebel without a clue. He turned out to be a real winner...."

Peter had not been much of a boyfriend. All he had really done was take my virginity...and hadn't been all that spectacular with that either. At first, I thought he was so sexy with his beard and his earring, riding all over town wildly on his motorcycle. There was a look in his brown eyes that promised excitement and danger. But once we got to know each other, I realized that mischievous spark was simply immaturity. And his rebellious nature really just masked an annoyingly bad temperament. And his wham-bam-thank-you-ma'am method of fucking had turned me off of sex for several years after that.

"I thought he was my type," I chuckled. "But he wasn't."

"And you were so crazy about him in school. You used to talk about him all of the time..."

"I did?" I laughed. "Sorry, I must have bored you to tears."

"I was quite envious of him actually."

The confession made me horribly nervous all of a sudden. I had no idea that Dimitri Monaco had liked me in high school. How could I possibly know that when he would barely say two words to me? 

"Well, how about you?" I asked. "Any long lost high school romance?"

"Only the girl that got away," he answered, looking at me with sultry invitation in his eyes. "You."

"I'll bet you say that to all your old high school girlfriends..." I flirted, trying to make light of the situation. 

But I felt more than a little apprehensive of where this night might lead.

------------

After the dance, I painfully made an attempt to part company with Dimitri Monaco for the rest of the night. 

Best just not to go down that road...

I tried to mingle with girlfriends that I used to know. But I didn't enjoy it. It was hard to believe that these were the same young wild things that used to cruise the downtown streets in fast cars, looking for booze and men. Now they were all terribly interested in child care, health insurance and PTA meetings. I tried so hard to seem interested in their conversations, but it wasn't easy. I strained not to yawn in boredom. And all the while, I would catch Dimitri staring at me from across the crowded room, undressing me with his eyes.

"Jennifer?" One of my old friends, Pam Rushmore, tapped me on the shoulder. "Earth to Jennifer?!"

Pulled back to reality, I realized I had not been on earth. I had been in a dark bedroom somewhere, licking my lips with anticipation as I lowered my mouth to Dimitri Monaco's erect cock...

"Are you okay?" she asked. "You seem kind of flushed."

"Sorry," I said to Pam. "I see someone I know. Excuse me."

I crossed the crowded room to Dimitri, drawn to him like a magnet.

"Hi!" I smiled.

"Hello..." he answered back with a soft smile and a nod.

"I keep seeing you standing here all alone. Aren't you having any fun?"

"Actually, I'm quite glad I'm no longer in high school now."

I laughed loudly.

"Me too! Where's your date? She shouldn't be letting you suffer this way."

"I'm afraid she abandoned me for a buxom redhead in a mini-skirt," he said with a laugh. 

That was interesting. He had seemed to be alone all night. I never saw the mysterious lesbian date of his.

"Would you like to go out and have a drink somewhere more quiet?" he offered.

I hesitated. The ticket for the reunion had cost a lot of money. It seemed horribly extravagant to just leave so early. But I knew that if I refused, I would spend the rest of the evening sulking and cursing myself out for being an idiot.

"I'd love a drink..." I answered huskily.

-------------------

"Lord, I will never have another Mojito again!" I laughed, my head spinning crazily.

We were at a very dark sophisticated swanky bar in the downtown Dallas area. It was one of those places I had always wanted to go to but never really had the occasion to visit.

"But aren't they delicious and sweet?" Dimitri asked. He didn't say the words 'just like you'...but I practically heard them in my mind.

I was sure that I was blushing. The way he looked at me made me feel so uncomfortable...and in a sexually tense sort of way.

I needed to go home. Otherwise, I was going to go through with one of the crazy fantasies that had been running though my head in the last hour. And I knew that I was not entirely in my right mind, drunk as I was on two Mojitos.

"Are you ready to leave?"

"Mm hm."

He smiled, leaving a very large bill on the table. Easily double what our check was.

"Just what do you do for a living, Dimitri?"

"I'm in finance," he said mysteriously.

"Ah."

When he walked me to the car, I was a little wobbly from the booze. Oh, when would I learn not to drink so much? I only would end up making a fool out of myself and having a headache in the morning.

Suddenly, Dimitri whirled me around and kissed me right there in the parking lot. I didn't even have time to squeal in shock or anything. Leaning me back against the trunk of his black expensive-looking car, he put his hands around my waist, plunging his tongue deep in my mouth. He tasted so good, better than I had even imagined. I wrapped my arms around him, sucking greedily at his tongue and lips. 

There were worse things than a man who was refreshingly bold and forceful. No wasting time with getting to know each other and second guessing and repetitive phone calls. We both wanted to fuck each other and we knew it.

Even so when the sultry kiss ended, I still had enough reason left in me to try to escape my fate.

"Dimitri, I think you should take me home..."

"You didn't kiss me like you want to go home."

"No," I answered honestly. "But I also don't put out on the first date..."

"Ah...but we've had this date coming to us for such a long time."

-----------------

I must have passed out in his car. I had never even told him where I lived.

Vaguely, I remembered him taking me to a small bachelor apartment. It must have been his place.

And then I must have passed out drunk on his couch...

When I woke up, I saw Dimitri Monaco sitting across from me. He must have been watching me sleep.

I shifted nervously, looking around. The living room was decorated in colors of red and black. Everything looked very modern and expensive. Once again, I wondered what Dimitri did for a living.

And I even saw that he had taken my shoes off!

"Oh God..." I moaned in embarrassment. "I am so sorry. I really shouldn't drink."

"Don't be sorry," he answered. "You were rather cute. How do you feel?"

"OK," I answered. "I guess I escaped a hangover this time."

"Perfect..." he answered, coming across the room to sit beside me on the couch. As I tried to sit up, he put his hand on my bare knee. As if I were a trained dog, I felt my panties immediately get soaked.

"What did you mean? When you said that we've had this date coming for a long time?" I asked softly.

"I've always wanted you...ever since biology class."

"Really?"

"Even when you were just a 15-year-old freshman babbling on about your biker boyfriend," he nodded. "Even when you were the journalism major in college, running around the campus in a hurry all the time.."

"I had no idea you liked me. Why didn't you ever ask me out? I probably would have said yes."

"You always had some man at your side. In high school, it was Peter. In college, there was Jack the other journalism major."

My eyes widened. He knew way more about me than he should have!

"And then you married Michael, that tenor..."

My eyes widened in shock. How could he know about Michael?

"There was always someone else, wasn't there? But now, they're all gone. And we're alone at last..."

Dimitri sounded scary, like he was a crazy obsessed stalker. And knowing as much as he did about me, I guessed that he was one. The knowledge was terrifying and strangely exhilarating.

His hand moved from my knee, stroking along my thigh underneath the silk dress.

"And you know why they didn't work out?"

"Why?" I asked breathlessly, wanting to touch myself under my panties.

"Peter was supposed to be a wild rebel. Jack was supposed to be controversial and exciting. And Michael was a bit of a wild card. But they all turned out to be dull as dishwater in the end, didn't they?"

He was right. Absolutely right. But how did he know all of this? Just how long had he been following me around?

"None of them can give you what you need."

"I think I should go..." I gasped.

"You don't want to go," Dimitri smiled knowingly, squeezing my bare thigh.

"Um...yes, I think I do..."

I inhaled sharply when I felt his fingers slide up to the hem of my panties.

"Your pussy is very wet for me, isn't it?"

Gasping in shock from his crude words, I tried to rise up from the couch. But Dimitri pushed me down roughly on my back, pulling my skirt up to my waist. He straddled me as he worked his fingers underneath my panties.

"Oh, yes. You are definitely wet..."

I whined softly as his fingers delved deep inside of me. My pussy opened up for him in hot wet anticipation. Had I ever wanted to be fucked so badly? No, I didn't want to make love or have sex or make whoopee. I wanted to be fucked ruthlessly and viciously...by this beautiful stalker who seemed intent on taking me, whether I agreed to it or not. And I wondered which one of us was more insane.

I shifted my hips, encouraging him to keep moving his fingers. Everything about him felt so good.

"No," he smiled with arrogance. "You don't want to go home."

"No..." I rasped hoarsely. "I guess not."

I almost complained when his hand left my pussy.

"I want to tie you up, Jennifer."

"Huh?"

"I think you heard what I said."

"Um..."

Ever since my teenage years when I had read a torrid trashy romance novel about a lusty pirate who had kidnapped a beautiful young virgin, tied her up and had wild passionate sex with her, bondage had been one of my most cherished sexual fantasies. In reality, when I had asked Michael to tie me up in the early days of our marriage, he seemed to feel so uncomfortable about it that it sort of took the fun out of it all. It had just seemed silly. 

But it didn't seem silly now.

Dimitri could have been my pirate, hopelessly bold and arrogant and cocky and dominating. He would know exactly what to do.

If only he wasn't crazy...

I swallowed hard. How many stories were in the news about women who were burned and mutilated and tortured for hours on end after being tied up by sex fiends? I didn't want to be another statistic. And I didn't like pain either.

"Will you let me tie you up?" he asked huskily. "You want me to, don't you? Say yes..."

I couldn't bear to refuse, but I was too afraid to agree.

"You promise you're not going to hurt me?"

"I won't do anything you don't want me to do."

What sort of an answer was that? If he was a psychopath, he would probably lie anyway.

Placing his hands along my wrists, he held them up over my head as he settled his weight down on top of me. It felt so strange and humiliating, having him fully dressed in his suit and on top of me while I was naked up to the waist. I could feel the coarse fabric of his pants pressed against my naked wet pussy. Running on pure instinct, I wrapped my bare legs high up around his waist.

"I've wanted you for so long..." he whispered in my ear, licking my ear lobe. "I'll make it so good for you. I promise."

The cynic in me had heard those words before. Even Peter had said he'd make it good for me before he started pounding away at my virgin crotch like a jackhammer.

But I so wanted to believe Dimitri. It felt unbelievably good already. Just having him on top of me like this with my legs wrapped around him felt sinful. I would do anything to have him fuck me. Anything. Even trust him when I had no reason to trust him at all. In fact, I had every reason to fear him...

"Say yes..." he urged, blowing in my ear.

"Yes," I whispered, sealing my fate.

He smiled like a satisfied cat.

"Don't move..." he ordered, quickly reaching for a drawer at the side table and pulling out restraints. 

Again, I was unnerved. How long had he been planning this? Very quickly and efficiently, he bound my wrists to the frame of the couch. And I realized the couch was practically designed for this sort of game as he bound my ankles to the other side.

"Have you done this before?" I asked.

"I never kiss and tell."

"I haven't," I confessed. "But I've always wanted to."

"I know," he answered. "That's why those other men didn't work out. They never fucked you like you need to be fucked. You like spice and danger. You're practically addicted to it."

I didn't know how he knew this about me. And I didn't even question it. He was absolutely right.

"And I guess you are the one who knows how to fuck me?" I asked, daring to tease him.

He placed his hands on my breasts, feeling the erect nipples poking through the fabric of my gown.

"I'd say I'm doing pretty well so far."

I inhaled sharply at the pressure of his touch through my gown.

Having seen my reaction, Dimitri discovered a brand new way to torture me. He pulled down the strapless dress so that my bare breasts were exposed. For a while, he simply stared at my breasts until I felt hot.
