 I couldn't believe my eyes. When Chris walked in I almost spilled my drink down the front of my pants. She looked AMAZING. I'd never seen her in a dress, let alone anything besides jeans and a t-shirt. Her hair was down around her shoulders as opposed to its usual messy bun and she was wearing lipstick. I could tell the other guys were as surprised as me but I'd been sleeping in the same house as this... this... woman and didn't even know it. My god, those curves! How did I never notice them before?

She sat down at the table as if nothing was different but I could feel my eyes slipping over to her when I thought she wasn't looking. I just hoped I wasn't acting weird and tried to keep the conversation going as usual. I watched her make her way to the bar and admired her toned legs but when she leaned over the bar, my eyes zeroed in on her ass and my mind wandered back to that morning.

After she came downstairs in those ridiculously short pajama bottoms, and reached up to get a mug, giving me a peek of her back where her shirt had ridden up, she went back upstairs to take a bath. I had admired her legs when she had stood in front of me, but promptly forgot about it when I started making a sandwich to take with me to my apartment later. I realized she had an empty container of mayo in her fridge and rolled my eyes. I opened a few cupboards looking for an unopened container but gave up and decided to just ask her. I went upstairs to knock on her door but realized the bathroom door was open a crack. I lifted my hand to wrap on the door when I heard a groan from inside. I froze, and soon heard some more moaning. As it got louder in pitch I realized what it was. It was the unmistakable sound of a woman's pleasure. I was afraid to move for fear of creaky floorboards, and quite frankly, I was riveted to the spot. I heard squishing noises and the moaning got quicker in pace. Finally I heard one last moan and then quiet. I crept off when I heard splashing but I was thoroughly embarrassed by the whole incident. I shouldn't have listened. I shouldn't have been up there at all. I was a guest in her house and I had disrespected her privacy.

I had decided to put the whole thing out of my mind but I couldn't help hearing her moans as I stared at her luscious ass from across the room. It didn't get better when I couldn't see her ass anymore. Instead I was presented with a view of her cleavage and red lips as she sipped her drink. I was going to have a very difficult time sleeping tonight. In the same house as her. On the couch that smelled liked her strawberry shampoo.

We paid the bill and said our goodbyes. Luckily Chris and I had arrived in separate cars so I wouldn't be stuck sitting next to her making awkward conversation on the way home. I didn't trust my brain to function in an enclosed space, inches away from her bare legs. I had to calm down by the time I got back to her place. I tried breathing in and out slowly and concentrating on nothing but the road and by the time I parked the car in front of her house I felt like I could even say hello without my voice coming out in a squeak. Things would go back to the way they were before and we'd just be good friends. I had driven slowly to give myself time to cool off and when I knocked on her door (even though she'd given me a key; I didn't want to catch her unawares again.) she opened it in her pajamas with her hair back in a messy bun. She smiled and ushered me in.

"I gave you a key for a reason you know. I trust you enough not to haul off my t.v. and stereo in the middle of the night. The door wasn't even locked."

"I just, well, I... you know," I stuttered.

She just rolled her eyes and locked the door behind me.

"So, you up for a movie or do you want to just conk out on the couch?" She asked. Luckily we have the same taste in movies. Usually I pass out while my girlfriends cry over 'Pretty Woman' or 'Dirty Dancing' are some other chick flick. I guess I'm just a typical guy, but in my opinion if something doesn't get blown up and no one gets shot, it's a waste of time. I save my brain cells for books and my job. Movies are meant to be a guilty pleasure.

She pulled out the latest Tarantino film and I exclaimed, "God bless you my dear!" and settled on the couch. It was already 11:00 pm and I had work the next day but I figured I deserved a bit of me and Tarantino time. Me, Tarantino, and Chris of course.

She inserted the DVD and settled down next to me. Closer than usual but I just shrugged and focused on the movie. About halfway through the movie, she started yawning and scooted her butt down to the other end of the couch. "All the action putting you to sleep?" I teased.

"Your face is putting me to sleep. How anyone can take you seriously with that mug is beyond me," she retorted. She leaned over and put her head in my lap, curling her legs underneath herself. I think I stopped breathing for a few seconds, and when I resumed I was praying fervently that there weren't any sex scenes coming up. This could get very awkward indeed. By the time we got to the hot stuff (come on, of course there were sex scenes. This is modern filmmaking we're talking about.) she was pretty out of it and hopefully didn't feel any arousal on my part. By the end of the movie, she was completely out of it and didn't move when I called her name. I even poked her a few times. Nothing. I sighed and hefted her up into my arms. She's no wispy thing; years of sports had hardened her body and I was praying I wouldn't drop her. She snuggled her head against my chest and I realized I was holding her bare legs and had an excellent view of her front. Now that I knew what to look for, I could see the outlines of a truly splendid chest, definitely at least a C cup. I felt kind of bad about checking her out like this but hey, she was the one who'd fallen asleep on MY couch (I'd started getting possessive about it I guess), and forced me to carry her up to HER bed. At least, this was my reasoning. I dropped her on her bed and pulled the sheets up. I sat next to her and smoothed her hair away from her face. She looked so sweet as she slept that I couldn't help but give her a kiss on the forehead before I got up and went back downstairs.

I lay on the couch thinking about her. Why did we have to be just friends? She was witty and smart (even though she never advertised it) and we had a lot of the same interests. Hell, she was beautiful too even though I'd had to get hit on the head with it before I'd noticed. She'd always been there for me, whether to lend a sympathetic ear or a week on her couch. If she was as passionate in bed as she was on the field I bet she was a force to be reckoned with. With this thought, I could feel a swelling in my shorts. "Oh boy, just what I don't need," I grumbled to myself.

We couldn't be more than friends. She was just... Chris, the girl who could kick your ass or make you laugh but wasn't exactly feminine or delicate. I drifted off to memories of her over the years, which turned into dreams. 

In one dream, she was walking around in a towel and accusing me of stealing her soap. I kept telling her I had my own so why would I want to steal hers but she refused to listen and told me to get out of her house. In another one, we were sitting on her couch and I was flipping channels on the tv and I accidentally flipped to the playboy channel. I started apologizing and she was suddenly wearing that black dress that she'd been wearing in the bar. She accused me of being a pervert and objectifying women but all I could do was stare at her in that dress which just made her madder until she threatened to kick me out onto the street. The dreams went on this vein all night, where she was looking hot or doing something sexy and then getting mad at me for some slight, real or imaginary.

In the morning the only way I could interpret these dreams was that I wanted her but was afraid of getting rebuffed and then expelled from her life. I was going to have to tread carefully with her because I couldn't imagine not being in her life.