 Annette stood in front of the mirror, her body had not changed but she knew that things were different and they would somehow never be the same.

In her eight years of marriage to Harry she had flirted outrageously with the men of their group but had never gone too far. .She was known as a tease, but only a tease, Harry trusted her. Her girlfriends new their partners were safe. 

She studied her neck and breasts closely. There were no marks, no evidence, nothing that would draw attention to her passionate interlude with Dave on the Houseboat.

Nothing on the outside, but her heart raced as she thought of his massive weapon, much thicker than she had ever experienced.

She blushed as she recalled the torrent of cum that he had sprayed over her. "My God!" he had fucked her so completely, for so long, that she felt weak even now just thinking about it.

"God I need a drink!!! What am I going to do now, I am a cheat", she cried as she slumped down on her bed.. 

The first gulp of whisky burnt her throat, relaxing her and slowing down her frantic thoughts. 

Twenty minutes later after a couple more stiff scotches she lay on her bed, knees up, legs splayed wide, stroking her moist pussy, reliving the afternoon's events.

Dave's years of fishing had turned him into a blond god. His powerful body developed by years of outdoor activity, coupled with his shyness his old fashioned good manners and his lack of big city polish made him something very different to what she had ever experienced in the past.

As she lay there she recalled his physical prowess, his copious cum, his magnificent weapon that had filled her in every way.

He was an inexperienced but enthusiastic, kind lover, who in the time before and after sex had softly and sweetly kissed and stroked her so lovingly that even now she felt, loved not just used.

She had loved those long long warm passionate kisses. He had kissed her so beautifully it was like being a teenager again. In her teens when making out was all kisses and hands.

Harry kissed her only when entering or leaving the house. Kissing was not part of his fore play he was more intent on getting it in and blowing his load than hours or even minutes of kissing 

"Yes" she moaned as her fingers worked in circles on her clit "I was seduced". "My God, I never really decided to give in to Dave. It was the kissing that seduced me". 

"Christ" she thought as she moaned and wriggled reliving the afternoons sex he went on for ever and ever and came in buckets. "If I was his third fuck what would he be like with some experience under his belt?" 

….He will be the most fantastic lover. She was moaning and talking out loud as she thrashed about on the bed.

Her legs were slung wide; her eyes bulged as the memory was replaced by a shuddering orgasm brought on by her punishing fingers

As Dave worked his nets that night his prick stood aroused as he recalled the afternoon with Annette. "What a woman! What a fuck" he whispered across the lonely waterway.

He could not understand how he had been able to get such a beautiful, well educated, obviously successful business woman to have anything to do with an uneducated fisherman, let alone get into her pants 

His limited sexual experience led him to believe that he would never see her again. He had only slept with two women before and both of them had been one night stands when he and the women were both drunk.

She had came down to the houseboat herself yesterday but today she would wake up and that would be the end of that

Dave did not need to worry. Annette was already making arrangements she wanted him every day in every way.

Annette was scheming and planning To see Dave during the day she had to have an alibi.

Mary was the answer. Mary would provide the alibi Mary who always had one or two boyfriends as well as husband Fred would help. Mary had used her as an alibi in the past now it was her turn.

"Don't tell me you finally did it" Mary exclaimed as they sat in the coffee club on the beach.

"I hope it wasn't one of those wimpy bastards you husband employs as salesmen" I `ve tried a couple of them and they drink so much they can hardly get it up."

"He is a fisherman" Annette explained. "You won't believe it " 

"I just let him kiss me!"p
"I was only playing with him!"

I thought he would be easy. He was so big and soft and cuddly, I thought I would give him a set of lover's balls and send him home. I really led him on so I could just have a game with him.

He said he had only been with a couple of women in his life. And instead of me controlling him and sending him home with lover's balls, he controlled me, fucked me until I could hardly walk, and made me for the first time feel like a real woman who had been loved by a real man.

My god I can't get him out of my mind .When I close my eyes I see his hard tough penis, I see his body glistening with sweat I remember his mouth all over me. "My box gets wet, my nipples grow hard and hot, I am like a love sick kid and just loose control."p
"I have spent the last two hours playing with myself."p
"Oh my god Mary what am I going to do? 

Mary grew concerned at Annette's words. 

"Look sweetie there is nothing like a good fuck, if you can't get it at home you have to get it elsewhere." 

"Don't be bloody silly don't start talking nonsense just fuck him and forget him"

She sat back, lit a cigarette and took a sip of her coffee "This one sounds great,"p
"A fisherman eh? I have never had one of them can I give him a try?" 

She was excited that Annette had joined the "cheating club" and at the possibility of new blood but was concerned at the way Annette was carrying on...

Annette was overwhelmed by Mary's reaction. "No you can't have him, I want him for me alone he's mine."p
"He is a fucking miracle he is clean, mature, kind, and hung like a prize bull."

"Bloody hell Mary!! We had a great afternoon together one that I never planned."p
"It was so beautiful, I was so overcome. I really do not know exactly what happened. I will have to get on the pill he is so virile one mistake and I will be pregnant." With a dreamy look on her face she went on

"I need an alibi for the yesterday, and you and I have to think of a way I can see him every day"

More to come