 She caught me staring, for about the fifth time, at her cleavage. Lauren, my wife's sister, just gave me a "you're-a-naughty-boy" and continued slicing tomatoes for the salad.

Lauren and my wife, Abby, are very close. Since only 14 months separate them, their sisterly relationship also took on a very close, friend-like quality. When I first started dating Abby five years ago, it would have been easy to mistake Lauren for an inseparable friend rather than a younger sister because of their easy, natural connection with each other.

My wife is lithe and willowy, with a smooth grace to all her movements. Her shoulder length auburn hair frames a cute face, highlighted by green eyes and a heart-melting smile. She is partial to clothes that drape her figure rather than the tight, clingy clothes her sister usually wears. Often, Abby wears glasses instead of contacts and the over-all effect is that of a sexy librarian.

Her demeanor matches that of a sexy librarian's, too. On the outside, she is reserved and proper. But when we're alone, she's tawdry, playful, and sometimes positively kinky. She loves dirty talk during sex. She loves coaxing hidden fantasies out of me while never skimping on sharing hers. I have also never met a woman who loved having her pussy eaten as much as Abby. Often, friendly bets between us involve some sort of sexual payoff. More times than not, Abby's winnings center around a prolonged pussy worship session. Not that I mind, of course. Her lips are so full and puffy, and her clit stands out like a little cock. And she tastes so good. Abby's pussy is by far the best tasting I have ever had.

Her breasts are perky and firm, with super sensitive nipples that stand out with only the slightest stimulation. They aren't small—she's a good b or c cup depending upon the bra—but they're not large and showy, either. A Wonder Bra can be Abby's secret weapon.

"John, would you hand me that other tomato, there?" Lauren lazily pointed a finger toward the bowl next to me. When I handed it too her, her finger grazed mine and she said, "thanks, stud" and laughed a laugh somewhere between teasing and wicked.

It was the first warm day of the spring and Abby and I decided to invite Lauren over for the season's inaugural bar-b-q. We had been drinking the afternoon away and finally decided to start cooking. Abby was in the yard, tending to the chicken while Lauren and I worked on the salad.

I was feeling a bit light headed due to the cocktails and the sun. But there was another reason, too: Lauren. As usual, she looked incredible. She and Abby shared the same bright, green eyes. They also had the exact same smile. To see them both happy at the same time is an amazing sight. Alone, they each light up a room, but together they make it glow.

Lauren's figure, however, is quite different than Abby's. Lauren has curves—and a lot of them. She is perfectly proportioned, with full, sexy hips, a perfect heart-shaped ass, and unbelievable breasts. Lauren exudes sensuality without even trying. She's fun, sassy, and has a great sense of humor. There were moments when I sometimes wished I had met Lauren instead of Abby—one such moment had just occurred as she took the tomato from me and tossed her hair back with a single shake of her head, a move that had the torturous effect of causing her breasts to sway invitingly.

One time, when Lauren had stayed the night at our house after a late dinner party, I found her bra in the corner of the bathroom where she had obviously dropped it after taking a shower. I picked it up, feeling the cool satin against the stiff under-wire. It still smelled like her perfume. I checked to make sure the door was closed, then rubbed the smooth cup against my face, inhaling her perfume mingled with an ever so subtle musky smell. My heart pounded. My cock hardened. The moment crackled with excitement. A few minutes earlier it had been intimately close to her breasts and now it was close to me. I held it up in front of me, just to look at it. Because I was used to seeing Abby's bras, Lauren's looked huge. I checked the label: 40 DD. I nearly came. For a fleeting moment I thought about stroking myself off into the bra, but my better judgment won out. I knew I would cum in gallons and there would be no way to hide the evidence. Instead, I put the bra back on the floor, went to bed hard and horny, and fucked Abby with particular passion that evening, all the while thinking about Lauren's bra and the breasts it caressed.

"You know," Lauren's voice broke me from my memories, "if you keep staring at them like that, Abby's going to get pretty upset." She was grating some cheese, the motion swaying her breasts beneath the sleeveless blouse she wore. She finally looked up and said, "you are such a letch sometimes." For a moment I thought I had crossed a line, that she was pissed off at me. But she gave me a knowing smile, glanced over her should to make sure Abby was around, and shimmied for me. "How's that?"

"That's...something." I stammered.

"Mm, hm. You'd better go help your wife before you get in trouble."

I didn't want to, but I knew she was right. The only problem was that my cock was now tenting my baggy shorts. I decided to duck into the bathroom to take a quick piss, hoping that would calm my hard-on. As I walked passed Lauren, she said, "My, it looks as if someone's in trouble already." This only made my cock harder. I barely made it into the half-bath off the kitchen when I heard Abby come in.

I pulled my cock out, and stroked it a few times. The head was slick with pre-cum. I decided to ease my condition by jacking off. I closed my eyes and thought of the sexy smile and shimmy my sister-in-law had just given me. My balls were tight and aching. I imagined pouncing on her, sucking her nipples, running my hands up and down her body. Kissing her. Having her. I thought about what she would look like below me as I fucked her. Then I heard my wife saying, "Where's John?"

Lauren said, "oh, he ducked in the bathroom. Probably jacking off or something." I felt the blood drain from my face. I braced myself for the worst.

Then I heard Abby try to swallow a belly laugh. "Shut up! What if he hears you! You can be so wicked sometimes."

I knew I shouldn't stay in there too long, so I pissed, splashed some water on my face, and got out of there only to find my wife and her sister giggling out on the patio.

The rest of the evening was torture. Several time throughout the evening, whenever Abby's back was turned, Lauren would give me another shimmy and a wicked smile. When it was time for her to leave, she gave me a big hug, mashing her breasts against my chest. As she hugged me, she gave my earlobe a quick lick. I thought I was going to faint. When I closed the door behind her, I half expected Abby to read me the riot act. I feared she may have had an inkling of what was going on.

"That was a fun day." So she wasn't mad. She didn't know.

"Yeah, there's nothing like the first bar-b-q." I pulled her into a hug, just to confirm she had no idea what her sister had been doing.

"Lauren was in a particularly good mood today."

"She sure was." I nibbled her neck, which I know drives her crazy. She kissed me full and wet on the lips, deep, penetrating, full of desire. "And now I'm in a great mood," I said. My cock hadn't really calmed down since Lauren left, and now it was at full hardness. I hoped Abby would think it was because of her kiss.

"Let's clean up tomorrow," she said as she pulled her shirt over her head, exposing a sexy little lace bra. I could see her hard nipples and dark areolas through it. She struck a pose. She looks so damned sexy when she wearing just a bra and jeans.

I knelt in front of her and unbuttoned her jeans. I could smell her excitement immediately. I pulled her jeans and thong down with one stroke. Her pussy, already wet and messy, looked so inviting. "I think there's something I'd like to clean up right now," I said as I picked her up and laid her down on the couch.

She giggled in mock innocent then threw one leg over the back of the couch and one over my shoulder. She reached down and spread her pussy lips wide. Her wetness crated a strand that connected each side. I kissed her pussy as if I was kissing her on the mouth. Gently, at first—soft, teasing, playing—then with more urgency. I used my tongue as if French kissing her. I wrapped my arms around her ass and pulled her close. I could feel her juices coating my face. She filled my mouth and I greedily swallowed, drinking her down. Her pubic hair tickled my nose. After a few minutes, she grabbed the back of my head and pulled me tighter to her. I continued licking and slurping. Her orgasm began as a slow tightening of her body. She moaned softly. Then she grabbed my hair and squeezed my head with her thighs as she yelled, "fuck yes! Eat me! Fuck! Fuck! I'm fucking cumming!" And she did. When Abby cums, she cums a lot. My mouth flooded with her cum. I swallowed. My tongue and throat were coated with my wife's juices.

As she recovered from her orgasm, I idly kissed her pussy lips, feeling her sloppiness on my face, smelling her musky sweetness all over us. I found myself thinking about Lauren. I wondered if she came as much as her sister. I wondered if she tasted as good.

"Damn, that was good," Abby finally said. She sat up and reached down to stroke my cock. She found me iron hard and leaking pre-cum. She gave me a quick look of surprise, then smiled and said, "looks like someone's pretty horny." I didn't say anything. How could I tell her I was just fantasizing about her sister's pussy?

She kissed me hungrily. I reached up and grabbed her tits, momentarily wishing they were bigger. She shoved a nipple into my mouth and I feasted. I switched from nipple to nipple, all the while loving it but also wishing there was more.

She fumbled for my cock and I shifted my hips to give her better access. She pushed me down, leaned over and began sucking. Abby's blow jobs are wonderful. She sucks and licks and slurps like it's the last blow job she'll ever be able to give. She has a very talented tongue and knows the perfect way to play with my balls as she sucks. She also knows the perfect time to make eye contact. The look of my sexy wife with a mouthful of cock staring into my eyes is priceless. That night, she was even better. My cock and balls were strained to the limit, and had been all day. While Abby sucked and teased, images of Lauren's shimmying breasts kept popping into my head. I thought about her licking my earlobe, stepping back and pulling her shirt off. She wore the same bra I found that night. I pictured her undoing it, letting her full tits tumble free. She walks up to me, takes my hands, and places them on her breasts. At that moment, I feel my balls tighten up into me. Abby was looking at me, sucking hard. I looked back down at her, and moaned, "yes, damn, I'm almost there..."

She sucked harder and squeezed my balls. I continued to watch her. Just at the brink of my orgasm, I saw my cock in Lauren's mouth...then exploded. Abby's eyes expanded in surprise as I filled her mouth. She nearly choked on the volume of cum, having to pull my cock out for a moment to swallow. I shot another stream on her face. A third coated her bangs. By the fourth spurt, Abby had her mouth over my cock again, catching the rest. She swallowed hard, then scooped the cum off of her face and licked her fingers. "Holy shit, what got into you tonight? You came a gallon!"

The next morning, as we were cleaning up, Lauren called. "Hi John."

"Hey Lauren." Would this be awkward? I wasn't sure what to say. After all, she quite obviously flirted with me. More than flirted, actually, she came on to me. Even worse, I got off on it. "Thanks for coming yesterday. We had a great time."

"Oh, I know you did." A soft laugh escaped from deep in her throat.

Despite the fact that Abby was right there in the kitchen my cock started to stir. "Yeah, we'll have to do it again sometime." I tried to sound casual so Abby wouldn't get suspicious.

"Really? You want to do it again? I think we can arrange that." Her voice was husky and breathy. "So tell me John, did you fuck my sister last night?"

The question caught me totally off guard. I know I blushed. "Um, yeah, we're just cleaning up the kitchen right now."

"You fucked in the kitchen?" She was evil.

"No, no, we just were so tired after you left we decided to just clean up today."

"Are you fucking her right now? Is she sucking your cock?"

"Nope. She's right here, doing the dishes. Do you want to talk to her?"

"Are you hard right now?"

My god, what had gotten into her? "Um, pretty close."

"Mmm, that's nice. I'm laying in my bed naked right now, just so you know. May I talk to my sister now, you pervert." She giggled wickedly again.

My stomach did flip-flops as I handed the phone to Abby. "It's your sister." Would Lauren say something about what had gone on? They were so close, I wouldn't put it past her.

I listed carefully to my wife's tone as she spoke to her sister. She carried on what seemed like a perfectly normal conversation. She was smiling. She laughed. Her tone was light and upbeat.

When she finally hung up, Abby asked, "John, are you doing anything important today?"

"Um, not really. I was just planning on mowing the lawn, but I can be easily talked out of it."

"Could you do me a favor? Actually, could you do Lauren a favor?"

"I don't see why not." Where was this going?

"That new home theatre thing she ordered finally came in and she doesn't have a clue as to how to set it up. She asked if you'd be able to stop by today and help her out."

My head spun. "Sure, when do you want to go?"

"What? Oh, no, I've got to catch up on my report today, remember? If it's not done by Monday, it'll be my ass. Would you mind just going by yourself?"

Would I mind? Yes, I thought, I'd mind because I'm lusting after your sister and she's practically throwing herself at me and I don't want to fuck up my marriage but damn your sister is so fucking sexy.... "No, that's fine. It shouldn't take too long."

"Well, take your time, because I'm going to be busy for several hours. I won't be any fun at all."

I gathered up a few items I thought I'd need to hook up the components. I knew Lauren wouldn't have the tools I needed. By the time I dressed and got everything together, Abby was already well ensconced in her work. "I'm taking off now."

She looked up from the desk. She looked so adorable in her horn-rimmed glasses, her well-worn t-shirt and her sweat pants with the waist rolled down a bit. She got up and walked me to the door. "See you later, hon." We kissed. "Have fun."

"Gee, thanks. Nothing like the low-level frustration of hooking up video and stereo equipment."

"Go. Get out of here. Let me get back to MY frustration."

And so I got in the car and headed off to Lauren's apartment.

As I drove over there, I more than half expected Lauren to answer the door in the nude—or at least in some skimpy, sexy outfit. I wondered how I would react, what I would do. I suppose I already knew because the thought of such a greeting had my cock hard. "No," I said out loud. "I love my wife. I won't cheat on her." I didn't sound too convincing. Certainly my cock wasn't listening. I felt it twitch and wriggle against my leg.

I parked the car, took a deep breath, and went up. When she opened the door what I saw didn't register at first. She wore clothes. Regular clothes. Granted, she looked wonderful (as she always did), but there were no merry-widow corsets, no fish-net stockings, no baby-doll nighties—just a starched white, button-down blouse and a pair of faded jeans. I was kind of surprised, if I had to admit it, and not as relieved as I thought I'd be.

"Hey Lauren."

"Hey Letch. Come in."

So she wasn't going to totally ignore what happened last night and this morning, I thought. I felt like I should say something, but nothing came to me. I figured out that I was nervous. I had to speak, so I just blurted out, "We had a nice time last night. Thanks for coming."

She stopped in her tracks and cocked her head in an attitude that screamed, you've got to be joking, right? "Yeah, I know you did," she let me sweat it out for a second then added, "you already told me this morning."

"Oh yeah. Cool. Anyway, where's this home theatre set up of yours?"

"My, my, straight to work. No foreplay, no nothing. How disappointing."

I felt like I had let her down and I realized I began to panic. "No, it's not that, it's just that, well, I wanted to make sure I got it done for you so I wouldn't have to...I mean so you would have it all, you know, set up."

She stared at me and dead panned, "John, calm down. You look like you've seen a ghost. Relax, it's just me. I won't bite," she leered at me and her wickedness from the previous evening returned, "unless you like that sort of thing."

I could feel sweat breaking out on my brow. "Lauren, we should probably talk about last night. And this morning." I sat on the couch, leaning forward.

"Oh? What would you like to say?" She lowered herself onto the other end of the couch and stretched out, looking conspicuously like a lioness on the veldt. I couldn't help noticing that the buttons on her blouse strained against her breasts.

"Look. I love Abby..."

"So do I."

"Lauren, I, um, you are gorgeous. You're one of the sexiest women I have ever met."

"Including my sister?"

I didn't know how to answer, so I decided upon the truth. "Including Abby."

This brought a slight grin to her lipsticked lips. "Continue."

"And last night, wow. I was, well, crazy."

"Crazy? What do you mean?"

"Lauren, come on, you know what I mean. You fucking turned me on so much last night."

"Was it so horrible?"

"No! Well, you know, It's just that I love Abby and I can't do anything to jeopardize our marriage."

"So a little playfulness put your marriage in jeopardy, is that it?" I wasn't sure if I detected a little touch of anger. "If your marriage is so tenuous that a little flirting will crumble it..."

"A little flirting? Lauren, you shimmied your tits at me and licked my ear!"

"And you hated it so much, huh?"

"No! It's just..."

"I know you didn't hate it. Your cock told me so. Just admit you liked it."

"Lauren, like I said, you're incredibly sexiest. And yes, I couldn't believe the attention I got from you last night. But that doesn't mean...."

"So you liked it, then." She was too good at interrupting me and derailing my train of thought.

I exhaled and said, "yes, very much."

She dropped her voice to a sensuous whisper, "Did you think about me when you fucked my sister last night?"

It felt like all the air had left my body. I could barely eek out a hushed, "yes."

"Did you think about my tits when you grabbed hers, when you sucked on hers?" She began to unbutton her blouse.

"Yes."

"These tits?" she said as she let her blouse fall open, exposing a pink, lacy bra and an acre of cleavage.

My mouth was parched. I wasn't sure if I could speak, but I did. "Oh, yes." I shamefully stared.

She sat up, and kneeled only inches away from me. She let her blouse fall off of her shoulders. She reached behind her and undid the bra hooks, softly sighing as she let her breasts cascade free. She draped her discarded bra over my shoulder and took a breast in each hand, hefting them, jiggling them, presenting them. "Do you still want to talk or is there something else you'd rather do?" She rubbed a huge breast across my face, settling the nipple on my lip. I could smell a faint wisp of her cologne mingled with her desire. "Suck," she said, "It's ok, I won't tell."

At that moment I felt like I was in one of those dreams where one tries to run but can't. I wanted to be a good husband, I wanted to stop what was happening, but my mouth opened and I took my sister-in-law's puffy nipple into my mouth and sucked on heaven.
