 The next few days Chris dragged me out with her in the evenings to "cheer me up." One day we went bowling. Watching her bend over in her tight jeans and swiftly roll the bowl down the aisle did nothing to cheer me up. Mostly it just left me frustrated and tense. The more tense I became, the more she insisted on cheering me up. Talk about a vicious cycle.

She finally decided that I needed to get smashed. By this point I agreed with her. I seriously needed a drink of something strong.

"Have you ever played the game 'Have you ever'?" She asked me with a gleam in her eye I've learned to equate with trouble.

"No," I replied hesitantly. "Does it require police investigation afterwards?

She rolled her eyes. "No breaking and entering, terrorist activity, or falsification of documents involved. In fact, all it requires is asking questions."

"What kind of questions?" I asked suspiciously.

"Oh you know, anything," she replied breezily. "Have you ever been skydiving? Have you ever been mugged, hit by lightning, believed in the tooth fairy? That kind of thing. I ask you 'have you ever...' and if the answer is yes, you take a shot. Then you ask me 'have you ever...' and if the answer is yes then I take a shot. That's it. Perfectly innocent," she said with that gleam in her eye again.

"Ok, I guess I can handle that." I still wasn't convinced that this game was as innocent as advertised, but at least it didn't require the removal of any clothing or running down the street naked.

"Great!" she clapped her hands and jumped up to get out the Jack Daniels and two shot glasses.

"Ok, you start." She poked me in the chest after we'd settled at the kitchen table and filled our glasses.

"Um, have you ever, uh... have you ever shoplifted?" I finally asked.

"Come on, you know how I feel about the mall. I'd rather visit my Aunt Rita and her cats than be caught dead in that place. Definitely never shoplifted. Ok, my turn. Have you ever had a crush on a teacher?"

"Ah, Mrs. Kapowski." My eyes glazed over and I was suddenly back in high school. "She made 9th grade English so much more interesting. She had that whole hot librarian thing going on but man what a body." 

"Earth to Harris," said Chris, poking my chest again. "I was afraid we'd lost you there for a moment," she said grinning when I finally refocused on her. I couldn't help thinking to myself that Chris had a pretty slamming body too. "That's a shot for you," she said, pointing at my glass.

The whiskey burned my throat as it went down but left a pleasant feeling in its wake. "My turn. Have you ever had a crush on a boss?"

"I worked at a pizza joint one summer when I was 17. I guess my boss was kind of cute. He had tattoos and an eyebrow ring. Nice biceps too."

I raised my eyebrows at her. "You have a thing for tattoos?"

"Kind of. Any more questions you want to ask will have to wait until your turn." She grinned at me and winked. I was certainly intrigued about the tattoo thing. I wondered if she had any. But how could she have a tattoo without me knowing about it? Wouldn't I have seen it?

She downed a shot of Jack. "Have you ever had sex with an older woman?" I was a bit taken aback at this line of questioning but determined not to show it. I could play this games as well.

"Unfortunately not. My plans with Mrs. Kapowski didn't quite pan out. Now back to you. Do you have any tattoos I don't know about?"

"Guilty as charged." She threw back a shot and refilled her glass. "Ok, my turn. Have you-"

"What?!" I cut her off. "That's it? You're not going to tell me about it? Or show it to me?"

"This isn't Truth or Dare, Harris. But if you must know I've got a thing for dragons too." I was trying to imagine all the places she could have a secret tattoo and I was getting kind of hot and bothered. "Now, have you ever shaved... you know, down there?" She nodded her head at my crotch and I hoped she couldn't see any movement inside my pants.

"Once. On an old girlfriend's request. I don't know how girls do it. It gets so itchy." I downed my shot.

"Oh, you get used to it," she replied absentmindedly. I swallowed.

"Uh, have you ever" I stuttered. I cleared my throat. "Have you ever flashed anyone?"

She downed another shot. "That goes hand in hand with my tattoo story. Let's just say, I couldn't get it where I wanted it while fully clothed." I swear to god my eyes almost bulged out of their sockets.

"Where is it?!" I asked again. "I must know! I demand to know!"

"Oh, you demand do you? Well perhaps that will work when 99% of the population succumbs to a mutant brain eating virus and you appoint yourself dictator over the remaining 1%." She rolled her eyes at me. "Have you ever handcuffed or been handcuffed to the bed?"

I blushed slightly and took a shot to cover my embarrassment. "Um, you remember that time when I lost my wallet? Well, I didn't exactly lose it. This girl I brought home from a bar said she was into kinky sex and suggested the handcuffs. She blindfolded me too. I never saw her or my wallet again," I said sadly. "I didn't even get laid first."

"How'd you get out of the handcuffs?"

"Let's just say Steve's been sworn to silence on the whole business on threat of decapitation."

She started laughing and didn't stop for a whole 3 minutes even though I was glaring at her.

"Payback's a bitch" I thought to myself and smiled. "So, I guess it's my turn, huh? Let me think. Oh I know, have you ever been caught masturbating?" I asked with what I hoped was an innocently curious look on my face.

"Of course not. I live by myself. Who could possibly catch me?" She sat back in satisfaction.

I refilled her glass. "Actually, you may have to drink to that one."

"What do you mean?" She eyed me suspiciously.

"So, remember Sunday morning? When you went up to take a bath? That's not all you were doing was it."

Her face got red and she looked horrified. "Oh my god, you were spying on me?!"

I instantly regretted saying anything. Nothing good could come of this. "No, I came upstairs to ask if you had any mayo and the bathroom door was open a crack. I didn't see anything, I swear! But I could hear you."

"Oh my god," she groaned. She picked up her glass and walked over to the couch. She plopped down and drank like she was on a sinking boat and her drink was the last life preserver.

I had a feeling the game was over. I felt really bad about the whole thing so I joined her on the couch intending to apologize and hoping she wouldn't kick me out.

"You know what this means," she said before I could even open my mouth. "Tit for tat. Drop 'em," she said and pointed at my pants.

"You can't be serious," I said. "What exactly do you expect me to do?"

"What do you think?" she replied. "You heard me masturbating so now it's your turn. Drop your pants and start jerking off. I'll even close my eyes to make it fair," she added sweetly. I just stared at her open mouthed. "Do you need anything to start you off?" I was already at half mast and didn't expect to have too much difficulty getting it up all the way.

"No." I replied gruffly. I couldn't believe I was actually going to do this. But then I realized that I was getting harder just thinking about pulling out my cock right next to Chris. Even if she couldn't see me. "Ok, close your eyes." I glanced at her to make sure she'd closed them and started undoing my pants. I pulled them down and sat down on the couch in just my boxers. I leaned back and pulled out my dick, which was pretty hard, as expected. I glanced at her again to double check and started stroking. I sighed in pleasure as I started getting into to it. I noticed she had some hand cream lying on the coffee table so I squirted some out and lubed myself up. I stroked myself, now able to get fully into it and even forgetting Chris's presence for a moment. So I was shocked when I glanced up and found her staring at my cock and licking her lips. "Chris!" I cried out. "You're supposed to have your eyes closed!"

"What, are you going to refuse if I offer my help?" She licked her lips again and all I could do was stare at her open mouthed.

She sat facing me on the couch and slowly reached her hand out to my cock. I held my breath and prayed that this wasn't some sick revenge scheme. Her warm hand coiled around my cock and gently started pumping. I gasped in pleasure and dug my fingers into the couch cushions.

"Oh god, Chris. Don't stop." I started pumping my hips slightly in tempo with her hand. She pulled her hand away and I groaned in disappointment, but suddenly I felt something warm and wet on my dick. I looked down and was shocked to see Chris looking back up at me with her mouth enveloping my swollen prick. She picked up where she'd left off and I knew I wouldn't last very long. She bobbed up and down for about 15 seconds until I cried, "Chris, I'm gonna cum!" She replaced her mouth with her hand and jerked me to completion. I shuddered for a few seconds, my cum landing on the coffee table in front of me. I slumped back into the couch speechless. I honestly had no idea what to say. Our friendship had changed suddenly and I wasn't sure if it was for the better or for the worse. I had thought I'd known Chris pretty well but I had never seen this side of her before. This side of her was sexy as hell. I looked over at her and she looked back at me like the cat that got the cream.

"Revenge is sweet," she commented.

"If this is revenge, I like revenge," I replied. She just smirked at me and then licked her fingers one by one. 

Before I could say anything, she got up and said "we should probably get to sleep. We both have work tomorrow."

She put away the whiskey bottle, left the glasses in the sink and skipped upstairs.

"Good night," she called to me from upstairs.

I was basically left slumped on the couch staring at the stairs, still speechless. I shook my head a few times to clear it and realized my cum was still on her coffee table. I got some tissues and cleaned it up the best I could. Unbelievable. Chris had just sucked me off! She was amazing. And interested in a physical way. For the first time I realized that maybe I could have her. I was no longer afraid of being rebuffed and run out of her house. We could be more than friends. I didn't want to be just friends anymore. Couldn't handle it. Just looking at her made my blood run south and all coherent thought vanish from my head. I didn't just want her, I needed her, couldn't imagine going back home to my newly renovated kitchen and sleeping alone. That was when I made up my mind to see this thing through.