 It all started about four years ago. My wife and I were just recently married when she let Mike, a friend of a friend of ours live with us without asking me. After she left me seven months ago, I found out that she was cheating on me with both of them, as well as with people in her old neighborhood when she would go and visit her parents almost every month. To get her back for not consulting me with letting Mike stay there, I went behind her back and let the pregnant girlfriend of one of our other friends stay with us during one of my wife's trips to her parent's house. She had no where else to go, and the whole town including the police thought that she was an eighteen year old named Lexis. It wasn't until six months later, when the missing child flier went up at the local convenient store that anyone knew the truth. She was a fourteen year old run-away from a foster home named Laurie. We notified the police and they took her back to her foster parents. We found out later that she had a miscarriage. End of story, or so I thought.

About a month ago, there was a knock on the door. I answered it. It was Laurie, and now she was really eighteen. She was wearing a pair of blue sweat pants with a matching blue sweat shirt, a pair of pink and white tennis shoes, and a pair of big, dark sunglasses. Her long blonde hair was pulled down over as much of her face as possible, and I could see the dry tears on her face. She was carrying a small back pack, only big enough to hold a couple of changes of clothes. "Come on in, Lexis." I thought for a moment. "I'm sorry, mean Laurie." She smiled at me.

"That's okay, Eric." she replied. "After living for a year as Lexis, it took me a while to get used to people calling me Laurie." We went into the house, and as she sat on the sofa, I went into the kitchen to fix us a couple of glasses of ice tea. As I handed her a glass of iced tea, I jokingly said that she should remove her sunglasses before she ruined her eye sight. Hesitantly, she removed the sunglasses.

"Oh my God!" I gasped. Her right eye had a big bruise around it. I asked her what had happened to her face, and she said that her foster father beat her before kicking her out on the street, with nowhere to go and not a dime to her name. She told me that she came back here because it was the one place that she ever felt safe and secure at. I let her know that she could stay as long as she needed to.

After dinner, I picked up her back pack and led her to the guest room. She said she was going to take a quick shower, and then she had a gift for me. I told her the gift wasn't necessary, but she insisted. I went back into the living room to watch some TV, as she carried her back pack to the bath room. A half hour later, she returned to the living room, with a towel wrapped around her and the back pack in her hand. She pulled some money out of the back pack and handed it to me. "I figure I owe you about three thousand dollars for the six months I was here four years ago." she said. This is a thousand dollars, but I will get you the rest of it."

"Where did you get this money from?" I asked.

"I earned it." she replied. Hesitantly, she added, "I've been giving men blow-jobs for money since my foster parents kicked me out." I stood up and handed her the money back.

"I can't take your money, and you don't owe me anything." I said as I placed my hands on her shoulders. "As long as you're here, you don't have to sell yourself for money." She started crying as she wrapped her arms around me, dropping the money to the floor. 

"You are so kind, but I insist on giving you something to earn my keep." 

"We will talk about that when you have a steady income, but for now, just let me help you." She nodded as I led her back to the guest room. 

She pushed me on the bed and climbed on top of me. She started rubbing my dick through my pants. "You don't have to do this, Laurie."

"But I want to." she replied. "I've wanted to for the past four and a half years." She then told me that she knew that my wife was fucking Mike all those years ago and that she never told me because she did not want to hurt me. I told her that it did not matter now. "I know." she replied.

Laurie took off the towel, revealing her young, ample body to me. "Do you find me attractive?" she asked.

"Very attractive." I replied. She kissed me passionately, our tongues exploring the inside of each other's mouths. She grabbed my hands and guided them to her perky breasts. I started to rub her breasts and pinch her nipples. I pulled my lips away from hers. She started to moan loudly as I started licking and sucking her nipples, which hardened in my mouth.

She pulled away from me, and pushed me down onto my back. Without a word, she opened my pants and pulled my pants and boxers off of me. "I've never had such a beautiful cock to suck on before." she said as she squatted over my face. She leaned down, grabbed the base of my cock with one hand and lowered her mouth onto it. She started sucking my dick like an expert.

Meanwhile, I grabbed her ass cheeks and pulled her crotch closer to my face. Her pussy smelled so sweet and inviting. I started licking her pussy and sucking on her clit. I could hear her muffled moans as she continued to suck my dick.

After her first orgasm settled down, and my cock was rock hard, she let my dick slip out of her mouth. She pulled her pussy away from my mouth and turned around. She guided my dick to the opening of her pussy and sat down on it. She put her hands on my shoulders and started fucking my slow and steady. I could feel her pussy muscles contracting around my cock. "Fuck me with your big dick, honey." she moaned.

"I don't know how long I can hold out." I replied. "Your pussy is just so damn good." 

"Cum in my pussy." she continued moaning. "I want to feel you shoot your load deep inside me." I couldn't hold off any longer. I shot four streams of cum deep into her pussy as she hit her second orgasm of the night. "That was wonderful." Laurie panted, breathlessly.

"No." I replied as I wrapped my arms around her. She looked at me a little puzzled. "You are wonderful." I added as she smiled. I rolled us over onto our sides as she wrapped her arms around me. She placed her top leg on me as we drifted off to sleep.