 I heard a light tap on the door and opened it in my sexiest lingerie. It was a matching bra and panty set- lacy, black, and extremely revealing. I leaned against the door frame with my arms crossed and looked at Harris, saying nothing. He just stood there for a few seconds looking unsure and trying to keep his eyes on my face. He wore nothing but boxers and I could see quite a bulge in them.

"I wondered how long it would take you to come to my bedroom," I commented. 

I could see the light bulb click on in his head. "You planned this whole thing, didn't you!" he exclaimed. I just smiled and backed into the room. I beckoned him with my finger and he followed me in, stopping a few feet from me. I stepped up to him, reached out my finger and ran it lightly down his bare chest. 

"Are you sure this is what you want?" he asked. "There's no going back from here."

"What I want is for you to stop doing your annoying mannequin impression and kiss me. Then I want you to undress me and fuck me all night long. I get wet just thinking about you and your beautiful cock. I need you inside me and I don't want to wait anymore."

He looked at me with hungrily and I could see the lust in his hazel eyes. He pulled my face to his and kissed me, slowly at first, but then with more fervor when I kissed him back. I wanted to work him into such a frenzy that he wouldn't be able to control his passion. I bit his lower lip and he slipped his tongue in my mouth. I slipped my hand into his waistband and teased the skin around the base of his cock, never quite touching it.

"Chris," he groaned and suddenly pushed me back onto the bed. He spread my legs with his knees and knelt in between them, still kissing me. He broke the kiss and ran his hands up my stomach to the bottom of my demi-cup bra. "You have such a beautiful body. So strong and soft at the same time."

"Feel free to explore," I said, grinning at him. "I'm yours tonight."

He pulled the straps down my arms and pulled my breasts out. He palmed them a few times in wonder and then leaned over to suck the right one. He nipped at the nipple and then moved on to the left one. This time he ran his tongue around the nipple before taking it into his mouth and sucking on it.

I reached around and unclasped my bra, tossing it off the bed. He kissed each nipple again before leaving a trail of kisses down my stomach to my panties. He kissed my inner thighs and then pulled aside my panties with a finger, leaving my pussy exposed. "So beautiful," he murmured, and rubbed a circle around my outer lips. He pushed his face up to my wet pussy and sucked on each labia in turn. He licked my hole, spreading my juices around, and then started gently tonguing my clit. I bucked against his face and he put his hands on my thighs to hold me down. He inserted a finger into my cunt and at the same time sucked down on my clit.

"Ah!"I cried out in pleasure. He removed his mouth from my clit, and replaced the finger in my cunt with his tongue. "Oh god!" I cried. He sat up and grinned at me.

"Why did you stop?! I was so close!" I exclaimed.

"You're not the only one who can play games," he replied with a smirk and then rolled over and pulled the blankets over himself.

"You'd better be kidding. This better be a joke!" I said to him. He faked a snore.

My turn, I thought to myself and snaked my hand under the blankets. I rubbed his still erect member through his shorts and then slipped them under his waistband. I smiled at his sudden intake of breath and started rolling his prick between my fingers. "You don't really want to play games, do you?" I asked him.

In answer, he rolled me underneath him and kissed me hungrily. He started tugging my panties down, with his mouth still on mine and I lifted my hips to help him. "I think you're overdressed," I commented, now completely naked. I reached up and slid his boxers down his thighs and he kicked them off the bed onto the small pile of underwear on the floor.

"I want your cock inside me." I grabbed his dick and pulled him towards me. "I want to be properly fucked tonight. All night."

"God, you're sexy when you talk dirty," he said and lowered his hips until his cock poked at my entrance. He aimed his cock into my hole with his hand and I put my arms around his waist and pulled his ass down hard, ramming his cock into my pussy. We both groaned together and then he lifted his hips, drawing out of me and then pushed back in. He set a rhythm, sliding in and out, and when the friction of his cock in my wet pussy became overwhelming, I started moaning and crying out "Yes, oh god, fuck me Harris! Harder!" He lifted one of my legs and rested it on his shoulder, opening my pussy up even more to his assault. My hands were flat against the headboard and the bed was rocking from the force of our fucking. "I'm cumming!" I screamed and suddenly my pussy was on fire and I was overcome by waves of pleasure.

He stopped pumping but didn't pull out. We kissed some more until I asked, "ready for round two?"

"I'll go get the dice," he joked.

"You're not going anywhere until I'm so fucked, I can't even walk the next day," I said, and rolled us over so I was on top. I started bouncing up and down on his cock and he commented on the view from below as he watched my tits jiggle. He grabbed them and started playing with them as I rode his cock. I guess he got tired of his lack of active participation because he sat up and told me to turn around and get on all fours. He rubbed my pussy and slid his finger in and out a few times, clearly enjoying himself. He kneeled behind me and I felt his cock slipping in with a squelching noise. I moaned again as he started pumping, fast and hard. I could feel cum from my previous orgasm dripping down the inside of my thighs as I kneeled forward, cunt exposed to Harris, on his knees behind me. I heard him grunting and then felt his hot seed shooting into me, setting me off too. We shuddered together, my muscles convulsing around his penis, milking the last of his cum. I collapsed on my stomach and he joined me in bed, lying on his back, shrunken cock resting on his thigh.

"I can't believe you were going to just go to sleep. Imagine what you would have missed. I would have had to get myself off," I said slyly.

"Are you kidding me? There's no way I was really going to go to sleep without fucking you first. What kind of guy says no to sex? I just wanted to see what you would do." He grinned.

"You cheeky bastard!" I rolled over and poked him in the chest. "It's a good thing I like you."

He quickly sobered and asked, "what does this mean for us?"

"It means I'm not letting you out of this bed until you promise to come back."

He smiled and caressed my cheek. "I'll come back as many times as you let me."