 Coach Mark Evans felt as if he were a blessed man. A man walking a somewhat precarious line that had every potential to send him into the abyss, but blessed nonetheless. His former athlete Dee Chandler and he had found mutual lust, open-mindedness, and total satisfaction with each other in the summer after Dee's graduation. After the first week of discovering their compatibility, they managed to get together a few more times as the months progressed, despite the risk of being discovered. 

A week or so after Dee's second visit, she came to his house late one night after he'd already retired and had fallen asleep. She'd been over at a friend's party, and it was well past midnight when she decided she wanted to pay him a visit. Knowing that he kept a side door to his house open she managed to sneak in quietly, removing her clothes in the living room, before heading down the hall to his bedroom. He was a fairly sound sleeper, so she easily made it all the way to his bed before kneeling down to whisper him awake.

"Hey, lover..." she cooed in his ear, almost giggling, a little buzzed still and eager to climb into bed with him. He stirred a little, opening his eyes through a thick haze of sleep, recognizing her with a sleepy smile. He'd been sleeping on his back, naked, under a single sheet, the warm summer night air wafting through the open window.

She ran her hand under the sheet and pulled it back, caressing his chest. "Shhh," she said calmingly. "Don't move, I'll just climb in with you." From her knees she lifted her tiny frame up and literally climbed up towards the foot of the bed. She lay herself across him, pushing the sheet all the way down, her face towards his crotch, her breasts resting on his stomach. She swung her right leg over him, and was now lying in a sixty nine position, completely flat against him. Because of her diminutive size, her head was right at his penis, her hands resting atop his thighs, while her smooth sex was just at the top of his chest, and her thighs were astride his shoulders bearing some of her weight.

He was beginning to waken now, both from the pressure of having her atop him, albeit insubstantial, and the wonderful sensation of her skin fully against his, her young body so soft and smooth. Her hands found his penis, also awakening, and were gently massaging it and his balls while she placed tender kisses upon them. He lifted his own hands onto her back, languidly caressing the length of her body, from her shoulders at one end of the stroke, to her wonderful tiny bum at the top. He let his fingertips trace lightly along her spine, more lovingly than erogenous, while his stiffening dick succumbed to the warmth of her breath, the squeeze of her hands, and the tease of her lips. As she wrapped her mouth around him for the first time, he instinctively raised his hips to her, and his arms returned to her little butt, pulling her body tightly to him. As his excitement increased, his awareness of her pussy grew, and he lifted his head to taste her sweet, wet arousal with the tip of his tongue. Her body was of such a length that would allow her to comfortably suck on him while placing her pussy just within reach of his mouth.

Positioned thus, they lay in the heart of the warm night, slowly pleasing each other. Her hands, slick with her saliva, would stroke his length and massage his full tight balls as she softly sucked the tip in her mouth. And he, with his head propped up on his pillow, lazily enjoyed the flavor and aroma of her, encircling her clit, and licking her parted lips, all the while holding her delightful bottom in his hands. This went on for some time, neither of them in a rush, but content to spend the wee hours in slow continuous pleasure. She did, now and again, let him get her close, bringing her intensity up as she pushed her hips to him, her thighs flexing on his shoulders as she ground herself towards her small, easy orgasms. When she came, she would cease her sucking and just hold his cock fast in her tight little fist as she panted her way through. Then, relaxing again, she would return the favor, bringing him closer and closer to the edge, enjoying the accompanying hardness it would bring about. 

Finally, after what seemed like an hour of this, he could stand it no more, and begged his sweet vixen to let him cum. Her response was to press herself back onto him, to begin to bring herself to orgasm with him. As his tongue worked her clit and tickled the fully sensitive folds of her lips, her hand softened her grip, slipping easily along his saliva soaked dick, gently squeezing and stroking as she held his firm bulb in her mouth, sucking more deliberately. As her other hand cupped his wet balls, she gradually jacked his cock into her mouth, building up the full strength of the load in his ever-hardening dick. She rocked herself more furtively into him, shimmying her girlish body against his chest, fucking his face now as she felt his cum welling up for its final burst. He pulled her into him with his strong grip, his forearms pressed to the small of her back, his hands kneading her ass. Both were moaning loudly, the sound of which erotically stifled by each having a mouthful of the other's sex. 

As the sweat of passion began to break on their skin, the added wetness and lusty sensuality made him finally release into her waiting mouth, the feeling of which caused her to cum onto his. His first jet shot back into her throat, and she just managed to swallow it before the second huge spurt filled her mouth, followed almost immediately by another, and a another again. Struggling to contain his thick goo, the involuntary shouts of her simultaneous orgasm opened her mouth, causing his hot semen to pour forth onto her hand, down onto his stomach and over his balls. This warm sensation, and the thought of her cute little face drooling his cum, made him push a second wave out for her as his orgasm renewed itself. She was rubbing his cock across her face now, still jacking him off, panting as she pressed her spasming pussy onto him, her body wrapped in his arms, her clit grinding on his chest. Their bodies vibrating and pulsing together as the last of this long awaited mutual orgasm flowed through them. 

With both hands she played with his cum, smearing it over his cock, stomach, thighs, balls. She wiped her face with cum soaked hands, licking the thicker drops of it into her mouth. He, in turn, lay panting between her legs, her cute pussy inches from his face, his hands still gripping her ass. The warm breeze through the window against their spent, wet bodies felt beautiful and perfect. Eventually she lifted herself off him and turned her body around to lay alongside him, face to face. She gave him a sweet, cummy kiss as she wrapped herself about him. They both drifted off to sleep, sticky and happy.

=====

It was some time after that, on a week day afternoon, when both Dee and Bobbi appeared on his doorstep again. They both bounced into through the doorway when he answered the bell, exchanging hellos and kisses now that they had become so comfortable with each other.

"I can't imagine, what brings you two here," Mr. Evans said with a smile.

"More games!" chirped Bobbi. She was dressed in a pair of loose shorts, cut very short, and her ubiquitous tank top.

"I told her about what we did when I came here alone the first time," Dee explained in similar shorts and a clinging polo. "About how I masturbated for you, and how turned on I got by it."

"So I want to try it too," Bobbi cut in. "Only there's a twist."

"Of course there is," Mark said sarcastically, "how could there not be?"

"You have to do it, too!" Dee said. "Or get to, I should say. But you don't get to touch us."

"Except for right now!" Mark exclaimed wrapping his arms around both of them, drawing them into a three-way hug with his hands firmly on their butts.

They girls giggled, and didn't resist his advances. Both of them began to kiss his face, and he alternately kissed them in turn. The girls' hands found their way to his pants, and began rubbing him to an erection through the material.

"So much for your rules," he murmured.

"The game hasn't started yet, silly" Bobbi said coyly. "Don't I get to say hi first? I haven't seen you in weeks." She wrapped her arms around his neck and gave him a huge, sexy kiss. Dee stood back for a moment to let her friend enjoy herself. Bobbi's hands moved down his body to his pants, and began unbuttoning them. Still kissing him, she hooked her thumbs in his waistline and pulled them down over his hips, boxers and all. His already hardened dick bounced up and hit her near her belly button. She giggled, pulling away from his face and giving him a big, salacious smile. Her hands let go of his pants, still hung up on his thighs, and gathered his cock and balls in a soft embrace, cupping with one hand, gently tugging with the other.

"Hi, Mr. Evans," she purred, smiling. "Did you miss me?" Locking his eyes to hers, she slowly dropped down to her knees and brought his dick up to her lips. She ran her tongue around the head, then flicked it a little. "Tell your good girl how much you missed her."

"Oh, ho ho," he stammered, "I've been despondent without you."

"Hmph," she said, "That's not what Dee tells me. But I suppose I should believe you." She opened her mouth and drew his cock into her. Moving her hands to his hips, she bobbed forward, taking him in fully each time.

He looked over at Dee, who had been patiently observing the two, and she winked at him.

"Hey," she cautioned, "save some for the game, Bobbi."

Bobbi gave him two more long, slow thrusts deep into her throat, then released him, smacking her lips as she did. "Ok! All done." She pulled his pants back up, carefully tucking him in to his boxers, then patted his bulge once he was in place, his fly still open. Then she stood back up and kissed him. "Good to see you again Mr. Evans. Where should we play?"

He was understandably at a slight loss for words. He thought a moment then said, "Ah, yes. The basement. Come with me, please." And he turned and walked out of the living room, holding his pants up with one hand. They followed him through the kitchen then down the stairs to his finished basement. Over on the far end was a sitting area surrounding a fireplace. There were two loveseats and two armchairs arranged around three sides of a large, low table. He turned on the gas fire as the girls sat down together in one of the loveseats. He then sat down across from them in the other.

'Rules?" He asked.

"Dee looked over at her friend. "What do you think, Bob, it's your game. Naked?' she asked tilting her head towards Mark.

"Hm, good idea! Take off your clothes, mister," Bobbi said in a stern voice.

He slid he pants down under his hips, again, boxers and all, and tossed them over onto one of the chairs, then removed his shirt. He sat back with his legs somewhat apart, his hands resting on his thighs, his long cock erect and laying to one side against his abdomen. As a man in his mid 30s, his active body had yet to softened with age. He wasn't exactly ripped any longer, but he was still an attractive specimen, which the girls confirmed with approving oohs and giggles of delight at seeing him on display. 

Across from him, Dee spread her legs apart and slouched down into the cushions. Bobbi did the same, only she had to throw her left leg over Dee's due to the minimal width of the seat. It became apparent at this point that neither was wearing underwear beneath their short shorts, opened to expose their wonderful little cunts to him. Dee, preferring to tease, let her left hand trace up and down her inner thigh while her right rested casually on her friend's leg. Bobbi, unwilling to wait, brought her right hand up to her pussy, her fingers together, and started rubbing her clit gently while reaching to hold Dee's hand on her leg.

"Ok," Bobbi said, "Now be a good boy and stroke your cock for me. Let me know what you think of our little show for you." She was getting heated up pretty fast, rubbing faster circles around her clit, her eyes glued to his dick. He grasped it in his fist and squeezed, pushing a large drop of preecum from the tip, which he then used to slick his entire shaft as he stroked. He lingered on the underside of the head, firm and shiny, then stroked its length with each new drop of juice it produced. The girls were transfixed by this, and he made quite a show of it for them, getting off on his power to turn them on.

"Have the tables turned, little ones?" he asked firmly. "You both seem a little distracted by this. I thought you were giving me the show." Whereas at the outset he was afraid the sight of his two sex kittens diddling themselves was going to make him cum instantly, it gave him more control to be in charge. Keying on this he stroked himself as long and seductively as he could, holding his balls in his other hand.

They didn't seem prepared for the roll reversal, and were more or less silent, save for their girlish grunts and little moans. Bobbi was pushing three fingers in and out rapidly, and Dee was two knuckles in with her middle finger, pumping herself up and down. They held each other's hands fully clenched, probably not even realizing they were doing so. He decided to show no mercy.

"Does Bobbi like it when I pump my dick for her? See how wet it gets? How firm and long? I bet you want that in your mouth again, don't you. Or do you want it crammed into that pussy you're tormenting. Mm, what a very good girl you are, fucking yourself for my big dick. Maybe you want it both places, you dirty little fucker. How'd you like a mouthful of my dick while I fuck your brains out."

Poor Bobbi was helpless against his filthy taunts, and she fucked herself furiously, attempting in vain to slow herself and prolong it, with only limited success.

He turned his attention to Dee. "And you, sweetie. I know you lascivious heart, now. You want me to rub this dick all over your face, make you beg me to fuck you with it. Isn't that right. My balls bouncing on your chin, your mouth trying desperately to take anything in. You want me to stand up right now and come over there and fuck your face. Or maybe you'd like to jack me off yourself. Rub your face and mouth with my slippery dick while I shoot my cum all over you."

Everyone was enjoying themselves way too much. The girls were starting to cum, and despite what he thought was control, watching them get off on him was too much to resist. His balls tightened up, ready to give.

"Ok, ladies, want to see me shoot this for you? Would you like to see what your cute little pussies made me do?" All three were moaning for each other, waiting for their mutual cum to flow. Bobbi started first, lifting her hips up as her loins spasmed in orgasm. Then it was all over. The first of Mark's cum shoot across his chest in a hot white arch, followed by great gobs lunging out over his hand as he held fast to his dick, squeezing it out. Dee then gave in and came at the pleasure the others were having, and the chain reaction made another short loop around the room as their orgasms extended themselves. In the afterglow, their breath calming down, they sat smiling at each other. Mark was the first to speak, almost laughing at the fun of it.

"Holy cow! That was amazing. You are undeniably the hottest, most uncontrollably wanton little sex fiends ever. Jesus Christ, that was fun."

The girls, heads back against the sofa, panting lightly, their free hands cupping their pussies, looked at each other and smiled in agreement.

======

And so it went through the summer. Sometimes they would both come over, sometimes just one or the other. Each time it seemed to be as fresh and exciting as the last, if not more so.

One day Bobbi showed up around ten in the morning. She just walked in the door and over to the dining room. Pushing her jeans and panties down onto her thighs, she leaned over onto the table and demanded to be fucked. The game here was that such behavior obviously deserved a good spanking beforehand, after which a good hard fuck to drive the lesson home.

Dee stopped by one evening on the way home from some catering she'd been doing. She was wearing knee length skirt and blouse with cute little opaque socks. As was the habit she just walked in, this time finding him sitting in an armchair reading. She came right up to him and climbed onto the arms, kneeling on them, her sex right at eye level. She explained to him she hadn't been wearing panties all day, and it had gotten her so randy she just had stop by and face fuck him. Hiking up her skirt, she leaned into him as he obligingly got her off on his tongue, his hands holding her little butt firmly towards him.

For two glorious months it went on until the girls went off to university. Mark missed them, but in truth he could use the break from weeks of their guerilla sex tactics. The autumn months passed as he got back in his daily routine of the school year, and it became easy to get along without them. Besides, he still got a call every week or two from them, begging for a bedtime story. 

One weeknight late in December, after he had gone to bed Dee came calling for a surprise visit. He was still up reading when he heard the door open, almost immediately followed by her soft voice. "Mr. Ev-ans," she said sweetly in a sing song voice.

His initial impulse was to jump out of bed to greet her, but then he realized it might be more fun to stay in bed and wait for her to find him. He remained silent.

"I know you're in here, I saw your light on," she continued warmly. He heard the rustle of her coat and shoes coming off. How cute, he thought, she's trying to be quiet. More rustling. He realized her clothes were now coming off, too. 

"Are you awake?" she asked, more tentatively, since she'd figured he'd have come to see her by now if he was still up. He could tell she was sneaking down the hall by the sound of her voice, but she made no sound on the wood floor. "I bet you're just being lazy, lying there waiting for me, aren't you, naked man." She peeked her head around the corner to see him sitting in bed with a silly grin on his face.

"Guilty!" he said, laughing.

She ran naked across the room and leapt onto the bed. "You rat! What sort of way is that to receive your long lost lover!" She kissed him, holding his face in her hands. "Lemme under those covers with you, I'm freezing out here." He pulled back the duvet and let her crawl in beside her. They both felt an immediate sense of comfort being next to each other again, and they just lay there kissing for a few moments.

He started to ask her about her trip from her school, but she shushed him. "Can we just lay here and quietly play for a bit? I'm pretty tired from the drive back." She kissed him again and eased her body up onto his as he lay down into the bed, her legs to either side. With her head next to his, her body was only long enough for her pelvis to reach his abdomen. His hands caressed her back softly from the center of her shoulders to the tops of her thighs, taking the time to cup her tiny bottom and tickle her between her cheeks. She could feel the tip of his erect penis against her thighs, just brushing her pussy. It was an incredible tease for both of them, and served as wonderfully erotic foreplay. She just kissed him for a time, rocking her hips back and forth, tempting his dick and making herself ache. She got herself so wet doing this that his dick was able to slip right in when she positioned herself just right, and soon she was easing herself down onto him.

"Oh, sweetie, I missed you," he breathed out as he felt her enveloping him. He tried to push himself in further by lifting his hips.

"Shhhh," she said, pulling away from his prodding cock. "Let me do it, please. Be a good boy, and I'll tell you a nice story later on." He acquiesced, and let her resume her slow mount. She kissed him passionately while bringing him up deeper inside at a heartbreakingly slow pace. Only half way in and he felt himself firm up like he was going to cum. Noticing this she stopped to look at him and smiled, which only made him harder still. It had been three months now, and he was thinking he might not have the control she was counting on.
