 For all the men who aren't picture perfect and all the women that took the time to notice them anyway. 

*

I have no idea when it was that I met him, though it seems as though I have known him forever. We have yet to touch each other in a sexual way, but my wish is that one day we will do so. Who am I talking about you may wonder? His name is John and I sit with him every day on my lunch break at the same diner where we met. 

What started as a polite smile became a polite "Hi. How are you?" and then before I knew it, we were sitting together for lunch talking quite openly about all areas of our lives and going out occasionally as friends to the movies or for a dinner after work. The only touches we had shared was a courteous hand on my back as he led me into a room or a touch on my arm to bring my attention to something else.

As near as I can remember we have been friends for the last six months or so, though it is really so hard to figure out since there wasn't a day that we met. Was just a slow building of a friendship, two people who sit alone every day for lunch deciding it would be more fun to share lunch with someone else. He isn't what I would normally consider myself drawn to. Though he did have the tall dark and handsome parts down, he was slightly overweight by most standards and was very down on himself because of it. 

Many women had hurt John in the past, it showed in his relationship with me that he always expected the "other shoe to drop", and I would be gone. We had spoken of it quite often and I just could not express to him enough to make it believable that sometimes a woman could look past what she saw on the outside and see the great person that he is inside. 

Anyway, I'm not sure when it began to change on my part, but I found that I desperately wanted to prove to myself and to him that some women could and would find him appealing. It began simply enough, I noticed his hands one day, and began to wonder what they would feel like touching me. His job wasn't so much manual labor so I had the impression that his hands would be soft as they caressed me. I knew it to be true from the time I had worn a backless shirt and John's hand touched me on the small of my back as he lead me into the movie theater last time we went out for a movie. I wanted to feel those hands on other parts of my body. I had to figure out how to make it happen.

I know as surely as I sit here typing this though that he will never make a first move on me. If I want things to go further then I am definitely going to have to be the first one to make a move on him. I knew that he would never let on to me that he found me attractive for fear that I would find fault with him. I wasn't sure how I was going to be able to seduce him without putting myself out on a limb and it being myself instead who would crash and burn. I know that as of yet he hadn't remotely let on that he found me appealing in the physical sense and lets face it, I would be lying to myself if I said that I was super model perfect. I have flaws myself, a few extra pounds here and there and not enough in other areas; he may not even want me.

I had to find a way to look beyond that fear of what he may think of me, I had to feel his hands upon me his cock buried deeply inside me. Therefore, I sat down and tried to come up with the perfect idea for seducing him. Since we had spoken so often and so freely about our wants and desires, I felt sure that I knew what would turn him on enough to make him want to be seduced.

So with this in mind, I began planning the seduction of John in as much detail as I could manage without letting on that I was doing so while we continued to meet up at the diner and talk every day in the same way that we had always done. I planned while we talked how I would dress for him and how I would touch him slightly more intimately than I had done before and try to get his mind more focused on sex and less on being the polite man that I had come to know him as.

I finally settled on the night I wanted my plans to come together, there was a new movie showing at the theater and we had both mentioned wanting to see it. A couple days before, I began wearing my more revealing shirts; you know the ones with the low cut necklines and form fitting to show the curves of a woman's breasts. I was seeking his approval, a visual clue that he liked what I was showing. Always the perfect gentleman, his eyes never lingered any longer than necessary on anything below my chin and I figured that I was really going to have my work cut out for me as I invited him to the movie and then back to my place for dinner afterwards. He readily agreed that it would be fun to do that and said how he was looking forward to it. I had the thought, "No where near as much as I am." 

Finally, the day in question arrived. I took the afternoon off from work so that after our lunch date at the diner I could go home and began to prepare for our night together. I decided to wear a dress that he had mentioned liking in the past one day when I had worn it to work. Nothing fancy, just a simple red dress with a tight fitting bodice that stopped just above the knee. It was actually very conservative by some standards especially considering the night I had planned out for him, but since he had stated he liked the way it looked on me in the past I chose to wear it for him.

By the time we were suppose to meet at the movie theater, I had showered and shaved leaving a little landing strip of hair over my pussy. As I shaved, It occurred to me that I wasn't sure whether he liked a full bush or a bald pussy and wondered how as of yet we had not discussed that when I had thought we had discussed most things. I prefer a bald pussy to hair but since it had been a while since I had been with someone else, I had let it grow out a little to save on time spent shaving, now having myself shaved for the most part, I could already feel my pussy growing wet with the thoughts of what would come. My only hope was that he would be willing once I really began to make my move.

I also had dinner finished and waiting, nothing much since it would have to stay in the oven while I was away, lest we have to spend all of our time this evening preparing dinner rather than preparing him for what I hoped would be desert. The only thing I would have to prepare with the roast that was going to simmer in the oven on low while I was away would be to throw the salad together upon my return home. That suited me just fine; I would seek his help in my small kitchen making sure that I bumped up against him as often as possible without making him feel crowded out. 

As, I walked out and got into my car heading to meet him I could feel my pussy tingling with the hopes of what was to come and I wondered how I would be able to get through the night without letting him know what I had planned.

I arrived at the movie theater and saw him standing out front waiting for me and I had to think again, of how different he was from other men that I had been with. All of us women seem to fall for the trim well-built man and here I was drawn for the first time to a man who wasn't perfect but who I felt some sort of connection to. What I felt had nothing to do with the physical side of things at first, but I now wanted to seduce so that I could feel his hands upon me. 

When I walked up to meet him and he smiled at me in greeting, I couldn't stop myself from kissing his cheek as we always did when meeting up outside of the diner, though this time, I kissed a little closer to his lips and lingered a moment or two longer than I usually would let it last. As he ushered me inside with that hand against my back as always I wondered if he had noticed it, and still had to wonder what his response would be when we arrived back at my house.

As we watched the movie, I let my armrest against his on the armrest, occasionally moving my hand against his in subtle movements and wondering if he noticed the change in what I was doing. I was so nervous and seeking any kind of hint from him that he was willing to be seduced that I was glad when the movie finally ended so we could head back to my house and put the rest of my plans into action. 

We parted ways at the theater and with in a few minutes we were at my house. I recommended that he help me to prepare the salad while I worked to make the dressing and he readily agreed. I made sure to brush against him quite often, if only my arm was touching him. He continued as if nothing were going on so I continued to do it more. Quite honestly, I was enjoying the fact that I was working to seduce him and anticipating what was still to come in my plans on how to get a response out of him.

During dinner, we shared just general small talk, the talk of two people comfortable in each other's company, and I hoped that no matter which way my little seduction game ended that we would still have this friendship between us. Not realizing until that moment how much I would be risking if he didn't want to be with me and was angry that I had made such a bold move towards him. 

After dinner, I hurriedly put the dishes in the dishwasher to clean them and invited him into the living room for a while longer. He agreed that he could stay for a while longer but probably should be going before too late. I wondered if my plans would be interrupted so chose to speed up the process of seduction a little bit.

I told him that I had found a great story that I thought would appeal to him since in the past, we had spoken of erotic stories and I felt certain that he would enjoy it as well. He asked me which site, and I told him that I didn't remember which site I had found it on but since I had enjoyed it so much, I had printed it out and would be willing to let him read it. He looked somewhat embarrassed as I handed it to him to read and I figured that the reason was he would become turned on by the erotic story and probably didn't want me to see it. I had to hold back the chuckle as I told him that I needed to go freshen up and would do so while he read the story. 

While he was reading, I was preparing myself for the next part of my little surprise. I had decided to put on a pale pink silk nighty that I had with only a pair of pink lace panties underneath. I knew that the nighty was almost see through if I was in the right lighting, but that would work well with what I hoped was to come. While I was getting dressed, I couldn't help but think of the story I had found for him to read. He is a typical man in his desires, one huge fantasy he has is of two women together though I am not sure how we came about that discussion, I know he had been honest with me about it. I generally avoid those kinds of stories though I admit that finding the threesome story for him had brought me some pleasure as well and now knowing that he was reading it in the living room and probably becoming turned on by it. I began to feel even more wetness between my legs as I wondered if just I would do to take care of what the story begins for him.

Before entering the living room, I turn on the light in the connecting room so that as I enter the room and say how sorry I was but that dress had been uncomfortable and how I hoped he wouldn't mind my getting into something more comfortable, the light shining behind me would make the nighty almost transparent showing the outline of my body underneath it. The light on in the living room already would give the hint of darkened nipples underneath the nighty once I sat down next to him, which I fully planned to do. 

He didn't disappoint me this time, as I walked in and said my little speech, his eyes lingered just a little bit longer than was gentlemanly and I had to hold back the smile at how easy this may be after all. I asked him if he had finished the story and he replied that he was almost finished and that it was very good. He also hoped I had given the person some good feedback on it and I replied that I had as I sat down on the couch next to him. I sat with my body facing towards him and one leg drawn up under myself. Sitting this way, I was able to lean my chest towards him to pretend to view the story and see where he was at while using my arm, supposedly as a prop to keep myself from leaning in too far. In all actuality, using it to push my tits closer together and allowing him to glimpse down inside the neckline of my nighty. One glance down from me and I could almost see the brown tips and I felt them stiffen in response to the view he must be getting.

I pretended to read that way for a moment allowing him plenty of time to catch a glimpse of the view I offered and then I leaned back away from him and stretched, knowing that my still hardened nipples couldn't be hidden by the nighty when the stretch pulled it tight across my chest.

"It is going to get much hotter than what you are reading right now." I say in reference to the story as I finish my stretch. "Reading that story turned me on so much. I was very impressed with the job they did writing it." I remark casually. 

I lean back over towards him this time resting my hand on his thigh as I pretend once again to read all the while glancing down towards his crotch and guessing at how hardened he is becoming. As the story heated up more, I began rubbing my hand against his thigh, and watched as a slight bulge began to form in the front of his pants.

The story finally finished he excused himself to run to the little boys room and I smiled openly knowing that he was hoping to allow himself a moment to settle everything down lest I realize how aroused he really was. Little did he realize that him settling down was the last thing I wanted for him to succeed in doing.

When he stepped out of the bathroom I was standing there once again sure that he could see the outline of my body through the thin nighty that I wore. I watched a moment as he looked at me from head to toe quickly before I questioned if he had enjoyed the story as much as I had, to which he replied, "Yes, they did very well with that story. Thank you for showing it to me." 

"No thanks are needed. I am just glad that you enjoyed reading it."

"I did, very much. I do think it is time for me to head out though."

"Why the rush? I though that we could we could talk more or see if we could find something else to do."

"Umm. No really, I think I should go."

Laughing I tease, "Did the story get to you that good?"

Blushing slightly he tried to deny that it had an effect on him.

"Well, if that didn't work for you, did my nighty and my hand on your thigh work?"

I watched as his face reddened even more and he said once again that he really had to be going now. I wasn't ready for him to leave just yet so I question, "Haven't you ever thought of touching me?"

I see his eyes travel down the length of me again as he slightly nods his head.

"I have thought of you touching me as well. I want you to touch me. Are you ready to touch me tonight or do you really want to leave?"

He replied with, "I'm not sure that I should touch you. What happens if you don't like me touching you after I start?"

Laughing I state, "I don't think that will be a problem." As I walk towards him and lay my fingers upon his chest, taking the option of leaving away from him for the moment. "Please, touch me?"

"I'm not sure." He says.

I stand up on my tiptoes and lean in towards him, offering my lips to him, waiting to see what he does. When he continues to stand there, I reach up higher and place my lips against his. I feel him sigh a moment before his lips part slightly and not wasting time I urge him with my mouth to let my tongue come inside and explore his mouth, taste his kiss for the first time.

When finally he opens up and lets me inside and my tongue dives in not wasting a moment more, he finally lifts his arms and pulls me close to him almost crushing me now with the force of his apparent need to have me in his arms. As I attempt to pull back for breath and to see if he has changed his mind now, I am seduced as his tongue follows mine into my mouth for his own brand of casual tasting. 

By the time he finished sampling my mouth I felt ravaged, as if he couldn't have left any place inside my mouth untouched by him. With a sigh, he let go of me and I felt as though without his arms holding me I very well may fall. He said simply, "Thank you. I have wanted to do that for a long time now." 

I sensed him wanting to pull away further, maybe back out on what we had started and I knew that I couldn't let him do that or we may never find another moment so right. I step back anyway and before he had a chance to leave, I reached down and pulled my nighty up over my head, never taking my eyes off him. I watched his eyes take in the sight of me now exposed except for my pink lace panties that aren't very good at hiding what is underneath them.

With a groan he says, "You can't be sure about this. Look at me. Why do you want to do this to me?" 

I boldly state, "Because I want to feel your hands on me, all over me and because I want to feel your cock buried deeply inside me, and mainly because I know that you would never make the move to touch me without me showing you it was okay to do so. Please, touch me."

With that, he stepped towards me, wrapped his strong arms around me again, and once again thoroughly tasted what my mouth had to offer before moving his kisses down onto my neck. The hands that I had wanted so badly to feel now grasped my ass and pulled me closer to his body as if shielding me from the cold. I felt him wrapped around me and in that moment, his arms held me safe from all things and I never wanted him to let me go.

I felt a moment's disappointment when he did let go, until I realized it was only to lead me down the hallway and towards my bedroom. His hand upon my back guiding me, only this time was his bare hand upon my bare back and I knew what was going to happen when we reached the other room. My pussy responded to his touch on my back as it would to someone caressing it. I could feel my clit swelling and my body opening up to accept him inside me. 

When we reached the bed, I turned to face him and he looked at me as if asking if I was sure that I wanted this. In reply to his unspoken question, I reached out somewhat shyly for the first time and began to pull his tucked in shirt loose from his pants before reaching up to begin fumbling like a school girl with his shirt buttons. 

He stood watching me unbutton his shirt as if not sure how to respond to me. However, as I finished my tedious task (never had buttons seemed so hard to undo as it now did in my impatience to feel his body covering me) he seemed to finally realize that I did in fact want this as much as he did. Without warning, he pulled me to him and crushed my naked chest against his, his arms and chest warming my body before I even knew it was chilled. 

Since John is quite a bit taller than my five foot I had to tilt my head back at an almost uncomfortable angle in order to have his lips touching my again, but all thoughts of being uncomfortable soon fled as his tongue explored my mouth just as thoroughly as that first time. This time though it wasn't just the kiss that left me breathless. It was the sheer size of him pressed against me, the feel of his heated body warming me, and the touch of his hands as they moved down my back and once reaching my panty-covered ass his strong hands began to lift me up and closer to him.

As he lifted me up against him, he also stepped forward pushing me against the bed forcing me backwards onto it and I wonder where the shyness had went to. He pushed me backwards, urging me to lay down and he followed landing on top of me, I noticed how he was careful to keep the bulk of his weight shifted onto his knees on either side of mine and his arms which were somehow now to the side of me. 
