 My wife, Donna, and I have a somewhat unique marriage. We are best friends and as I like to say, partners in crime. We live a bit of an alternative life. Some people might call us "swingers" or "in the lifestyle" but I don't really like those titles. The reality, sans titles, is simple: we both have the same taste in women. 

Yep, in addition to being beautiful, smart, sexy, successful in her career, my wife is a bi-sexual cuckquean who loves to share. Even better, she loves to share ME and loves to watch me fuck. Don't ask me what I did to deserve her, but I guess I'm doing something right. Over the last few years, her desire for me to have play-dates with other women, without her there, has grown. Strangely, I'm the one holding back. I am truly in love with her and don't see the logic in risking our life together.

We share a special relationship with Kasey. Kasey is beautiful, standing at about 5'8, maybe 125 pounds, with long, black, wavy hair. And, as I knew from experience, a very sexual and sensual body. She is someone who we both adore. When she's in town, we spend time together in and out of the bedroom. As Kasey says: "no matter who I am in a relationship with, you two are grandfathered in." 

But today was different. Other commitments had kept my wife from joining me as I picked up Kasey at the airport. My instructions were to pick her up from the airport and seduce her, solo. In truth, I was scared, nervous and very unsure of myself. As I stood at baggage claim scanning the anonymous faces, my heart raced. We'd spoke of it many times, fantasized about it, got off on the fantasy, but I never really thought we'd go through with it. I wasn't even sure I could go through with it, but now it was right in front of me. Decision time was imminent.

During our fantasies, Donna got very into it. She would have me tell her what I was going to do, how it would go. I'd ad-lib, narrating a sexual seduction, whispering details into her ear. At one point, my mind went further. "You know, Kasey's having a tough time. As much as sex, she could use some loving. I'm not just going to fuck her; I'm going to make love to her too. Is that okay with you? Do you want me to just fuck her, or should I make love to her too?" BOOM! Donna moaned loudly, as her climax exploded through her body. I assumed this meant yes.

At the airport, Kasey and I made eye contact and rushed to embrace, sharing a kiss that (for us) was more friendly than anything else. I squeezed her tightly, glad she was home, if only for a few weeks. I could feel the my breathing getting faster, and my stomach getting butterflies. My inner voice screamed: "Dude, get grip on yourself. You're not in high school anymore." But, that's exactly how I felt. Like a high school kid trying to score on prom night.

We held hands and chatted as we waited for her bags. We shared small talk and just happiness that she was home. I explained to her about Donnas prior engagement and that we had most of the afternoon to spend together until we were to meet a large group of friends later that night. Leaving the airport, we headed out to run a few errands, stopping for a few vintage bottles of wine, then to a downtown Portland condo that I have access to.

Standing on the eighth floor of the condo, and looking out of the windows over the beautiful Portland skyline, I took a deep breath and made my decision. "In for a penny, in for a pound," right? Pressing myself against Kasey's back, I wrapped my arms around her. We swayed gently, her pressing her ass at me and kinda giggling. 

Kissing her neck, I whispered: "I have something to tell you." (My heart raced)

"Yes?"

"Donna told me to bring you here and seduce you." (Not sure I'm breathing)

"I don't know if I can do that without her here." (queue: Wheel of Fortune's "Bankrupt" sound, as my heart sank)

Facing each other again, I took a deep breath and started to explain. "Kasey, you know me. You know my relationship with Donna, and you know I'm not a liar or a cheater." She nodded, so I continued. "Donna and I have talked about this for a while. The idea turns her on, and I wouldn't be male if being with you didn't turn me on." (I can't read her expression) "Until just a minute ago, I wasn't sure I was going to go through with it."

Moving closer, I kissed her again. Our lips parted softly, and our friendly kisses increased in both intimacy and passion. Kasey backed off a little, and I sensed conflict in her. Not wanting to push things, or jeopardize our friendship, I backed off too. Thinking quickly, I suggested that she call Donna, to hear for herself, and that we could lie down and just cuddle for a while. Kasey liked the suggestion and dialed Donna. No answer.

We removed our shirts, and snuggled up together. As we lay on the bed, in spoons, I began rubbing and tickling her back. Soft, sensual tickles. Being an engineer, I have ridiculously soft hands for a guy, and they were working their magic. Kasey began to ask questions:

"Are you sure she's ok with this?" 

"What if she changes her mind?" (my biggest worry) 

"I could never have Donna angry with me." (Me neither)

Having gotten past my fears, I was now at the point of no return. I wanted this. I wanted her, and I wanted her badly. But it had to be right, and not just mutual, but all three of us had to want it to. Laying down in bed, I began her seduction. Kissing, caressing and talking. The kisses grew longer, and slowly, her body became more and more exposed. At some point between kisses, Kasey asked me to describe how Donna and I had seen things progressing. Since Donna and I had just role-played the fantasy that morning, it was all fresh in my mind.

I began role-playing again. Only now, instead of role-playing that Donna was Kasey, I was role-playing that Kasey was Donna, who was Kasey. I crawled above her, pressing our bodies together. Staring into her eyes, I began to walk her through our fantasy, kissing her face, her neck and whispering into her ear. "I'll start by kissing her, and caressing her with soft touches; mostly getting her used to my touch." She moaned. "Next, I'll slowly remove her clothes, starting with her shirt (it was already gone) and give her a soft massage and tickle her back." 

Kasey had rolled to her stomach, and as the words came out of my mouth, my hands explored her back. My hands wandered, delivering long tickles, up and down her back. "Then, when she's comfortable, I'll unsnap her bra, smoothly, using just these 3 fingers." (pop) Her bra, now unclasped, parted in the back revealing her full back. As I rubbed, she moaned.

She turned to face me and we began kissing. Slow, soft, sensuous kisses. Her skin felt electric against mine, and my erection was as hard and full as can be. I moved my attention to her neck, ears, and then down to her great breasts. She was moaning, and holding my head to her chest. My hands were everywhere, but gently. At some point, she asked me again: "Are you sure Donna's OK with this?" I nodded, but reminded her that we could stop at any time if she wasn't comfortable.

At that point, the last resistance gave way. She pulled my face to hers and reached into my pants, looked directly into my eyes and said: "As long as she's OK with this, I want you to fuck me."

Clothes flew, as we got naked. Our bodies melted together, and our kissing resumed. Working my way down her body, I kissed everywhere until I got between her legs. I then began teasing lips, avoiding the clit...she was grinding her hips upward, trying to get her clit to my mouth, but I avoided the contact. Eventually, I snaked a finger up inside of her and began sucking and then licking on her little nub.

It didn't take long for her body to reach its climax, and the release of pleasure was so powerful when she did. I crawled up her body and kissed her again, sharing her own juices with her. She only had 3 words for me: "Fuck me, now!"

After rolling a condom on, I entered her and we began a slow, steady rhythm. Since this wasn't our first time together (just our first time alone), I knew some of her favorite things in bed. After a while, I began to long-stroke her. Slowly all the way in, and then slowly all the way out. Over and over. Slow, deep, long strokes. With our passion building, we tried other positions. She rode me on top, both cowgirl and reverse cowgirl. I took her from behind, doggy style. In short, we tried them all. This went on for about 90 minutes. I was drenched with sweat, aroused, but exhausted.

Eventually, I ended up back on top, with her legs behind held high by my arms, and me pistoning in and out frantically. Our eyes were locked and Kasey was talking dirty to me, telling me to fuck her. Reminding me how naughty this whole thing was. Begging for me to cum. As I got closer to my release, I pulled off the condom and rolled onto my back, stroking myself through my orgasm while she played with my balls and licked my left nipple.

Finally, at long last, Kasey lightly squeezed my balls and my cock erupted. My cum flew everywhere. My chest. My hand. Her breasts. Her face. Everywhere.

For the next hour or so, we cuddled, talked and rested. Donna would be joining us downtown that evening. That would be the moment of truth. We each showered then headed downtown. The gathering was in full swing when Donna finally arrived, bringing with her a change of clothes for me. 

I walked with her out to her car, with my heart racing in my chest. Finally, I held her, kissed her and said: "I did it. I took Kasey back to the condo and we had sex." At first, she said nothing. My heart sank. Then a small smirk appeared on her face.

"I want to know every detail. Everything you can remember. But not now. We have a party to attend."

Relieved, and breathing normally, I changed my shirt so we could rejoin the party, holding hands. As we walked, she asked: "Kasey's staying with us tonight, right?"

I grinned and nodded affirmatively.

The threesome we had that night, all night, and the next morning...well, that's a story for another time.