 Unlike my other submission (Yolanda Goes To Jiffy Lube), there's no build up here. It is an immediate "peek into the window," so to speak.

She is 34, and he is 33.  

The aductor mangus muscle (mentioned later) is the bit of muscle that is right next to the groin. If you part your legs while nude, you'll see it connecting the hip area to the lower area of your groin. It feels a bit like a tendon.

He took her hands in both of his, then caressed her knuckles with his thumbs. A few seconds later, he brought her hands up, and kissed her fingers. Next, he raised her hands above her head, and pinned them to the wall behind her. He then brought his head close to hers. His lips were close enough to brush hers, but he had something else in mind. He whispered, "I'm going to set your world on fire." His lips grazed hers with every syllable.

He transferred her left hand to his left, so that both of her hands were trapped by it. The next instant, his fingertips trailed over her forehead, down over her cheekbone, and along her jaw. He used the ball of his thumb to trace the outline of her lips. He slanted his mouth over hers and beckoned her tongue inside his own. He delighted in the sensations of her tongue gliding over his teeth, swirling around his tongue, then gently sucking on it.

At the same time, his right index finger circled the base of her breast through her bra and t-shirt. After the first revolution, his finger rose a bit, and traced another circle. This continued until his index finger circled her areola. He then ever so gently pinched her nipple, and tugged on it.

He softly captured her lower lip between his teeth, and lightly pulled away, loosening his grip until her lip scraped free of his teeth. He cupped her breast with his hand, and gave a gentle squeeze. At her moan, his hand slid down her side to the hem of her shirt. He raised it just enough for his index finger to glide, barely touching, over her skin, just above her jeans waistband. When he got to the spot just above her snap, he paused.

He slowly dragged his finger up her belly, adding another with each centimeter of movement. When he reached her navel, he splayed his hand over her abdomen, then slowly closed his hand, lifting his palm away until only his fingertips remained, lightly grazing her flesh. His hand then slipped upward until he encountered her bra. Once more, he cupped her breast, except now, she could feel his fingers on the upper part of it.

Using his index and middle fingers, he caressed her upper breast, then slipped his finger under the strap. He dragged his digit down, following the contour of her brassiere. His finger encountered her hard nipple, and danced over it for a couple of seconds. At the same time, his left hand glided under her shirt and softly captured her other breast. He played with her breasts for a few seconds, then sank to his knees.

Leaving her shirt bunched under her breasts, he rained feathery kisses over her abdomen. He reveled in the feel of her velvety smooth skin covering the firm muscles under his lips. He gradually made his way up to her bra, then kissed her breasts through it.

He returned to his feet, carefully removed her shirt, and lifted her in his arms. He carried her over to the massive four poster bed, and tenderly lay her upon it. He stretched out beside her, and began his exploration of her body.

First, he recaptured her hands, then her lips. He took the lead this time, savoring the faintly minty taste of her mouth. His tongue lightly fenced with hers before swirling around it. He coaxed her tongue into his mouth, lightly suckled on it, then very carefully nibbled it.

After a few minutes of kissing, he moved to trailing kisses along her jawline, then kissed down the side of her neck. At the mid-point, he gently bit. He pulled away, allowing his teeth to lightly graze her skin, then resumed his downward path. 

He alternated between kissing, licking, and nibbling as he traveled from her neck, to her collarbone, to her chest. He gently nibbled on the parts of her breasts left exposed by the cut of her bra. He slipped the straps down her arms, and trailed kisses along the path they took. 

She slid her arms out of the loops of the straps, and he reverently, gradually revealed her breasts to his sight for the first time. He moaned in delight, and lightly licked her boobs in the same pattern his finger had traced earlier. He ended with suckling on her left nipple for several seconds. He then turned his attention to the right one, but he moved in the reverse of the previous pattern: He started with suckling on her right nipple before tracing the circumference of her boob with his tongue. When he reached the base, he kissed his way between her breasts and down the middle of her torso.

He unsnapped her jeans, and pulled them open. He placed a kiss over the center of her lovely lady, then skipped down to her thighs. He massaged and caressed her thighs, and calves, then removed her shoes and socks. He rose up to his knees and pulled her jeans off.

Starting with her ankles, he kissed, licked, and nibbled his way up the inside of her legs. When he got to the adductor mangus muscle (the one near her lovely lady), he paused, and lightly nibbled on it, then kissed his way back and forth. Soon, the heat of her captured his attention, and he focused on the damp blue satin of her panties. He slowly, and carefully traced the outline of her lady bits through them.

The arching of her hips, and her moans of pleasure are entrancing. She asked him to stop teasing her. He looked up. "I'm not teasing you, my love. I'm exploring your body. Learning what you like."

"You already know." She gasped the words as his index finger slid over the front of her panties.

"Not quite. For example, do you prefer this?" He applied a tiny bit of pressure to the spot just above her clit.

Her hips arched firmly against his hand as her groan. "Mmm. Yes."

"Or do you prefer this?" He very gently closed his mouth over her lovely lady.

Her fingers sank into his hair and she simultaneously pushed his head closer to her hips as she pushed them against his face. The heat which had been slowly building under his ministrations exploded through her body, robbing her of breath and coherent thought. Every fiber of her being wis locked on the sensation of his mouth on her sex. Her muscles tightened and locked for several glorious seconds, as she cried out. With the release of her voice, all her muscles relaxed, leaving her limp and spent. She lay sprawled out, attempting to catch her breath.

"That was beautiful, Baby Girl." She laughed tiredly at his words. "Ready to go again?"

"No." She panted. "I can't."

"You can, and will."

He hooked the leg of her panties to the side, and slowly inserted his finger into her. Her fingers tightened in his hair again. "Rob." The way she sighed his name was intoxicating.

He withdrew, then slowly slid his digit back in. At the same time, he lowered his head, and gently blew a soft breeze over her wetness. Her moan is both surprised, and pleased. He knew this, too, was brand new for her. He slid his finger in and out a few more times, marveling at how tightly she gripped it in her velvety heat.

The slow tenderness of his movements brought her to the edge again. He looked up and told her to go over for him. "I want you to come on my hand, my darling."

The loving command caused her self-control to slip again. The heat swept through her once more as her body went stiff and tense. The tension caused her to shake, then it was like a dam broke. Her muscles went slack as she cried out once again.

Before she was able to catch her breath, his finger sped up inside her, and he told her to come again for him. For the third time, her consciousness dwindled to a tiny point, centered right where his finger glided in and out of her. An orgasm ripped through her again.

When she came down, she discovered that he had returned to kissing her inner thigh. It felt good, but she was a little distracted by the way her muscles jumped and quivered. He drew her attention to his activities by giving her inner thigh a sharp, yet gentle nip.

Using his teeth, he pulled her panties down and off. He next moved back and forth, softly kissing the inside of each thigh. Every so often, but not so that she could anticipate when, he gave a little nibble to her sensitive skin. After what felt like hours to her heightened senses, his lips arrived at her hot, wet center. 

He trailed kisses over her labia, travelling from the bottom right, up over her mons, and down to the bottom of the left one. He then traced the outline of her lovely lady with the tip of his tongue, moving from left, up, and around to the right. His tongue then slid upward, between her labia. He almost, but not quite, touched her clit before moving back downward. As her hands tightened in his hair, he used his fingers to gently part her labia and slowly drag his tongue between them until he lightly flicked her clit with it. 

Her hips bucked against his mouth and he then circled her clit with his tongue. She lifted his head up. When their eyes made contact, she spoke. "Get up here. I want you inside me."

He grinned. "When?"

She growled. "Right now."

He shook his head. "Not yet."

"Why not?"

"I'm enjoying the taste of your pussy."

He then returned to the sweetest torture she had ever experienced. His tongue danced from here to there, touching her clit, flicking over it, and sliding back and forth between her labia. And then, she discovered how evil he could be.

Every time she got close to the precipice, he switched to doing something else. His tongue circled her clit until he heard the change in her vocalizations, then he moved to kissing just beside the lovely lady. When they indicated that he was bringing her close, he switched to licking the inner curve of her hip. She would have become frustrated, and angry, but his teasing had her too focused on the pleasures of what he was doing for upset to gain traction.

Finally, she can take it no more. "Rob." He didn't notice. She pushed at his head. "Robilar." Her voice was louder this time.

He raised his head. "Yes, my love?"

"Stop."

His eyebrows went up. "Stop what?"

"Teasing." His finger slid into her again. "Mmm."

"Teasing?" She nodded. "Teasing who?"

His finger made a beckoning gesture within her, the tip brushing against her g-spot. She clamped down on his finger, ready to come hard, but then he stopped his movements. "Me!"

"What about you?" He grinned, clearly enjoying her inability to speak clearly.

"Stop teasing me!"

"Never."

"Huh?"

He ignored her surprise, and returned to exploring her sensitive areas. He learned that when he captured her clit gently between his teeth, and rapidly flicked his tongue over it, after so much teasing, she come hard, and loud. Her legs clamped hard around his neck, her hips arched so hard against his face he felt like she was about to break his neck, but he didn't stop. 

Her hands pushed at the top of his head, trying to get him to stop. Instead, he released her clit, and began to flick the spot just beneath it, and slipped a second finger inside her. This sent her over the edge again, calling his name, and bucking even harder against him. He savored the taste of her, and when she released her grip on him, he kissed his way up the center of her until he was able to reclaim her lips. At the same time, he slid into her. The hot, wet, velvety tightness was almost enough to make him come, but he bit hard on the side of his tongue. This wasn't about him. It was about giving her as much pleasure as he could. He wanted her to be happy. He loved showing her how much he loved her.

He usually showed her in other ways, but this time, he had the privilege of doing so physically.