 I knew it was wrong, but I simply didn't care as I put on my new red bikini and checked myself out in the mirror. I knew what I wanted and I was going to do everything in my power to make it a reality. Fantasies are fine for young girls, but I was no longer that shy little kid with braces and the tall, gawky frame. I had just turned 18 and the braces were finally removed after years of torture and for the first time in my life I finally felt like an adult, I finally felt like a woman. I saw a devious look in my blue eyes as they stared back at me from the mirror that told me I was finally ready for him. You can call me a bitch if you must, but the fact that he had a wife didn't bother me at all. In fact, it made it the whole thing even hotter.

I blame it all on my Kindle, really. I received my first one as a Christmas gift when I was in junior high school and it totally fed my insatiable appetite for reading and learning. I quickly discovered there were places on the Internet where I could download pretty much any book that I wanted, from trashy romances to the latest Stephen King novels. It opened up a whole new world to me, allowing me to read things that my parents certainly would not have approved of for a girl my age and that is exactly how I ended up devouring the "50 Shades" series while my parents thought I was reading "Pretty Little Liars."

As I read those books, I couldn't help but imagine myself in all those naughty, steamy sexual situations with a strong, sexy man that could take care of all my carnal needs. My body came alive as I read the stories and I felt yearnings and desires I had never experienced before. As my mind created the movie in my head I realized no boys my age could fit the bill of the leading man, but Mr. Malone, the tall, chiseled married man with the amazing green eyes that lived next door certainly did. I would find myself reading and as the scenes played out in my mind it was always Mr. Malone that I was submitting to, his piercing eyes consuming my body as I gave myself to him completely.

For a while, I could barely manage to speak to him when I saw him outside. I can only imagine what he thought when he would give me a friendly hello and I'd say something stupid, or nothing at all, and then quickly retreat either into the safety of my house or by putting on the headphones that prevented me from talking with him but didn't stop me from watching him as he worked in their yard or took a swim in their in-ground pool.

I smiled as I looked at myself in the mirror. The red bikini top had two thin straps that attached to the front at the same point and then spread out as they made their way up over my shoulders and down my back. The cups had a little extra padding and enough lift that my 32Bs actually looked somewhat impressive. The matching bottoms were cute and fairly conservative, completely covering my heart-shaped ass. I twisted and turned, trying to see myself from every possible angle and I congratulated myself for all the time I'd spent working out in the gym over the past few months.

I pulled my long, light brown hair back and tried to decide on whether I should put it up in a ponytail or if I should leave it down. I loved the way my new highlights looked and though I thought that leaving it down would have been the sexier option, I decided on the ponytail because I loved the idea of being able to pull the hair tie off and shake my long sexy curls free for him with a flourish.

I kept telling myself that I was not completely imagining the way that Mr. Malone had been starting to look at me when I would be over swimming in their pool this summer. There were times I could tell his eyes were lingering just a bit longer than they probably should have as they took in my long, slender body. The conversations we had also moved from him asking cursory questions about school or how my parents were to more in-depth things about what I wanted to study in college, what books I'd been reading and what bands I was currently into.

I have to admit, his interest really helped me to push away the shyness I used to feel around him and instead I started feeding off his attention. I enjoyed flirting with Mr. Malone. We were doing a dance, though I could never truly figure out who was leading. I loved trying to shock him or trip him up just enough to keep him on his toes. The constant internal struggle for me was trying to figure out if he was seeing me as an adult or just as the little kid that lived next door.

I put on my favorite pair of blue jean shorts with the perfectly frayed bottoms and a few holes in the right places that gave them a well-worn look. They were short enough that the pockets extended down below the denim and they made my ass pop if I had to say so myself. I rifled through my drawers looking for the perfect top and I decided on a black Foo Fighters t-shirt that was almost as distressed as my shorts.

I looked out the window and smiled as I saw Mr. Malone sitting at the umbrella table on his deck enjoying his morning coffee. He looked handsome in a pair of jeans and a red polo. His wife and my mom had left earlier that morning for a spa weekend my mom had won from being the lucky 13th caller of a local radio station contest. My dad left shortly after they did to go on a fishing weekend with his buddies which left me, and Mr. Malone, each home alone.

I looked back in the mirror and added just a hint of red lipstick to my full, soft lips. I may not have been blessed with a big chest but my lips were absolute perfection. I gave myself a smile and told myself it was time for my fantasy to become a reality. I had needs that were just were crying out to be fulfilled and the high school boys I'd been dating were not cutting the proverbial mustard. I would be headed off to college in just a few weeks and I knew if I didn't go for it now I probably never would.

I had one of those moments where it is like you have an angel on one shoulder and a devil on the other. The angel told me that Mrs. Malone had always been great to me. She allowed me to use their pool whenever I wanted to use it and even let me and my friends have a pool party at their house a couple of times. The devil laughed and told me that Mr. Malone was the one that would have to make his own choice. If he was a faithful husband then he would reject me immediately once he knew what I wanted of him.

I walked into my closet and slipped on my favorite pair of sandals which had a stacked wedge heel and two rows of white leather whipstitched medallions on top. The 4 inches of lift made me stand at 5'11" tall and really accentuated my long, toned legs which gave me the confidence of a runway model strutting the catwalk.

I checked to make sure I hadn't chipped my freshly manicured fingernails and toenails, both painted red to match my new bikini and both featured silver French tips. I dabbed just a bit of my favorite perfume on my wrists and behind my ears and I giggled to myself that Mr. Malone had no idea what was about to hit him.

I grabbed my big, purple Coach tote bag and headed down the stairs into the kitchen. I almost felt bad that Mrs. Malone had been so nice to me that morning, telling me it was going to be such a hot weekend that I should use their pool any time that I wanted to use it. I could feel my heart racing as I stood there in my kitchen like a warrior ready to do battle. I took one last deep breath, put my sunglasses on and then headed out the sliding door that led into our backyard.

The Malones lived in the house right behind ours, their yard was fenced in due to the pool and it was nicely landscaped. There was a gate at the back of their yard put in specifically because my mom and Mrs. Malone were constantly going back and forth between the houses. I knew that if my mom would ever find out about what I was about to do that I would be dead meat but that just made it all the more exciting.

I walked through the gate and made my way across the lush green grass. It wasn't until I was nearly on top of him that Mr. Malone looked up from his Sports Illustrated and saw me.

"Oh, hi, Rachel," he smiled and his eyes gave me a quick once-over.

"Hi, Mr. Malone!" I smiled as I set my bag down on the ground next to one of the chaise lounge chairs on the deck. "How are you doing?"

"I'm good," he grinned as I walked over to him.

"Reading anything good?" I asked as I leaned over his shoulder, making sure he could smell my sweet vanilla perfume.

"Not really," he said as he put the magazine down on the table. "I was just killing some time as I had my coffee."

"Are you planning on going for a swim?" I asked him as I pulled out a chair. I sat down at the table next to him and crossed my long, tanned legs.

"I wasn't planning on it," he said as his green eyes washed over me. "Why, do you want some company? I know that Jackie said you might be coming over to swim but I wasn't sure if you would be bringing a friend or not. I wouldn't want to get in your way."

"It's your pool," I giggled. "Besides, you could never be in the way, Mr. Malone."

"Thanks," he smiled.

"Any big plans since you have the house all to yourself this weekend?" I asked.

"I should be asking you the same thing," he laughed. "Your mom told me to keep an eye on you. She said if I saw any signs of a party I was to break it up and call her right away."

"You'd do that to me?" I asked in a sexy little voice that made Mr. Malone's eyebrows raise.

"No, probably not, Rachel," he smiled sweetly. "I was young once too, I am sure I did a few things my parents wouldn't have approved of when I was a kid."

"Oh, I don't believe that," I smiled.

"Don't lay it on too thick," he laughed.

"I'll try not to," I assured him. "So you still see me as a kid, Mr. Malone?"

"You know what I mean," he said apprehensively.

"No, tell me," I smiled as I leaned forward in my chair. I was glad I was wearing sunglasses as I couldn't help but stare into Mr. Malone's green eyes. I wanted to live in them forever.

"You're 18 now, right?" he asked.

"I am, yes," I smiled. "I'm legal."

"Yes, um, I mean, I just meant that you're young. Perhaps kid was the wrong word. But, to answer your original question, no," he said. "No big plans. Just going to enjoy the silence and maybe try to record a few songs." 

"That sounds like fun," I said. Mr. Malone played guitar and had a small recording studio in his basement where he recorded music. He was actually a pretty good guitar player and he had turned me on to quite a few bands over the years. I'd often wished that he would write a song about me.

"It can be," hi smiled. "I was told to watch out for your boyfriend too. You're not planning on trying to sneak him into your house overnight, are you?"

"Mr. Malone!" I scolded him and felt the blood rushing through my veins as he looked at me with puppy dog eyes. Just him imagining me with my boyfriend really turned me on. Maybe he didn't still see me as the gawky kid next door anymore.

"Sorry, just doing what I'm told," he said as he gave me a sly grin. 

"Do you always do what you're told, Mr. Malone?" I asked as I took off my sunglasses and put them down on the table.

"Well, not always," he chuckled. 

"So you're a bad boy?" I giggled as I stood up and stretched my arms up over my head. I could feel Mr. Malone's eyes on me as I bit down on my lower lip and looked into his green eyes.

"I wouldn't say that," he said plainly.

"Well, you don't have to worry about my boyfriend sneaking over this weekend, I told him I was going on the spa weekend with my mom," I smiled as I reached down and grabbed the bottom of my Foo Fighters t-shirt and slowly peeled it up off over my head and then tossed it onto the chaise lounge.

"Why did you do that?" Mr. Malone asked as his eyes took in my body and my red bikini top. I felt an adrenaline rush as I could see the effect I was starting to have on him. He wasn't sure where his eyes should be focused and that made me smile.

"I wanted some time to myself," I said with a grin as I unbuttoned my short jean shorts and then slowly slid them off, moving them inch by inch down my long, slender legs. I bent over, giving Mr. Malone a perfect view of my bikini covered ass before I straightened up and stepped out of the shorts, still wearing my heeled sandals.

"I see," was all Mr. Malone could manage to say as I stood there just a few feet from him in my sexy red bikini and heels. His amazing green eyes were all over me and the look on his face told me that he would be mine very shortly if I went through with my plan.

"Do you like my new bikini, Mr. Malone?" I asked as I twirled around slowly to give him an ample opportunity to see it, and me, from every possible angle.

"Yes, Rachel," he said softly. "It's very nice."

"Just nice?" I asked with mock sarcasm. "You sure know how to sweet talk a girl, Mr. Malone."

"You look beautiful, Rachel," he countered. "I just don't want to say anything inappropriate. There is a war on guys saying just about anything to women these days, and I just don't want you to misconstrue what I am saying."

"Thank you," I smiled. "I understand, Mr. Malone. Can I be honest with you?"

"Yes, I'd hope so," he replied.

"My boyfriend, he's alright and all but we are going to be going to different colleges in the fall and he just hasn't been, what's the best way to put it, satisfying my needs," I said seductively as I looked down into Mr. Malone's dreamy green eyes.

"I, um," he stuttered and actually turned a little red which I found to be absolutely adorable and also sexy as hell. I loved seeing the effect that I was having on him. The little girl next door was now officially gone and the woman that was standing in front of him was making him very nervous. "I am sure you won't have a hard time finding a guy to satisfy you, Rachel."

"Why is that?" I asked sweetly.

"Because you are a gorgeous young woman, any guy in the world would be crazy not to want you," he said as his eyes locked on my eyes.

"Are you crazy, Mr. Malone?" I asked as I walked up to his chair and stood in front of him.

"What?" he asked, confused.

"If any guy in the world would be crazy not to want me," I said with a smile. "That means you either want me or you are crazy, Mr. Malone. Which is it?"

"Rachel, I meant a boy your age," he said trying to sound authoritative but failing miserably. "I am a happily married man."

"I don't want to ruin your marriage," I said as walked behind his chair and put my hands on his shoulders. "But, I am very good at keeping secrets. Don't you want to fuck me, Mr. Malone?"

"Rachel," he groaned.

"Look, Mr. Malone," I said as I bent down and then whispered with my lips almost touching his ear, "I've been fantasizing about you for too many years not to tell you what I want. And what I want is for you to do some very dirty, nasty things to my hot, young body. I don't give a fuck that you're married, I don't even care that I like your wife. If anything, it makes it even hotter to me. I'm going to go inside and wait for you in your bedroom. If you don't follow me in the next 5 minutes I'll know that you're not interested and I will never try to seduce you again. If you do follow me, I will fuck you and suck you like you've never been fucked and sucked before."

I walked over to my tote bag and picked it up. I reached inside and pulled out the steel pair of handcuffs and the blindfold I had purchased just for this occasion and showed them to him without saying a word. He watched me as I walked to the sliding glass door that led into his house, I opened it and I walked inside. I took a deep breath as I fought the urge to look behind me as I slid the door closed and then made my way through the kitchen, up the staircase, and down the hallway into the master bedroom.

I put my bag down on the dresser and knelt on the soft, carpeted floor next to the big, king-sized bed that Mr. Malone shared with his wife. Both my mind and my heart were racing as I waited there in my bikini and heels so I took a deep breath and I tried to relax. I had played this little scene out in my mind more than a few times but was never sure if I'd be able to go through with it when the time came. I put the blindfold on and then put one side of the handcuffs on my left wrist and I waited. I listened carefully and hoped Mr. Malone would take the bait.

I was counting the seconds in my mind, hoping that I wouldn't hit 300 which would mark the 5-minute time-limit I'd set for Mr. Malone. 1, 2, 3, was I being completely insane? What if he tells his wife about this and she tells my mom? 4, 5, 6, how would I ever face him again if he didn't follow me? I would be humiliated. 7, 8, 9, I am so fucking wet for him right now that it is crazy. 10, 11, 12, I really need to be fucked hard soon.

I heard the sliding glass door in the kitchen close and my heart skipped a beat. I held my breath as I heard footsteps as they made their way to the staircase. I moved the other cuff to my right wrist and the moment I heard the footsteps coming up the stairs I cuffed my hands behind my back and knelt there on his bedroom floor waiting for him. My lips were parted and my soft, wet tongue was sticking out over my lower lip. I heard the footsteps as they made their way slowly to the master bedroom and then everything went silent for what seemed like an eternity.

"Holy fuck," I finally heard Mr. Malone's voice groan as the footsteps moved into the room and close to where I was. I stayed in my position on my knees like a sexy statue, waiting for him to make his move. "You win," he said in barely a whisper. I heard a zipper going down and then felt the warm, soft flesh of his cock head on my lips. I nearly came that instant knowing that there was no going back for either of us after that point.

I closed my lips around his cock and heard him moan. My tongue corkscrewed around his big, throbbing head as my lips gripped the warm flesh of the cock that I had been fantasizing about for years. I started slowly bobbing my head up and down on his impressive manhood, he was big and thick and everything I'd imagined he'd be. The boys I'd dated were no match for him. I tried to bottom out on his cock and gagged as his cock head went into my throat.

"Fuck, Rachel," he moaned as my pussy started to soak through my bikini bottoms. My whole body felt like it was vibrating as I devoured Mr. Malone with my mouth. With the blindfold on it felt like the only thing that existed in the whole wide world was his big, hard married cock. I gripped down harder with my soft, full lips and bobbed my head up and down over and over again. I felt his hand grab my ponytail so I used my teeth to barely graze his cock which caused his knees to buckle.

I rolled my tongue around his throbbing head, lapping up the salty pre-cum before taking him fully into my mouth again. He tugged my hair back and I loved the sensation, it hurt just enough that it nearly made me cum right then and there. I loved being Mr. Malone's toy, handcuffed on his bedroom floor sucking him like a good little slut would. I wanted him to use me, to teach me, to show me how good a hard fucking could feel.

I could hear his breath as I continued to work him over. The moans were getting louder and more frequent as I did everything I could to drive him over the edge. I loved that he could last as long as he was but I also took it as a challenge. I couldn't help but wonder when the last time his proper little wife sucked him off as I flicked my soft tongue over his big, thick cock head before bottoming out on him again.

"Fuck, yes!" he growled as he pulled my hair back even harder and started fucking my face. I moaned as his thick cock nearly choked me as both of his hands moved behind my head and pulled me down to take every inch of his married meat into my mouth and throat over and over again. Even with the blindfold on, I could see Mr. Malone's eyes in my mind. My body was on fire and I realized that all the time I had spent fantasizing about him still did not sufficiently prepare me for the onslaught of his passion as he owned my sweet, young mouth. I moaned as the sensation of his rough thrusts sent me over the top and made me cum hard.
