 "I can't believe how hot your dad is!" Cindy said to her friend, as her dad walks past in a tee shirt and shorts.

"Eww! you're disgusting!" Susie laughed. Cindy and Susie have been friends since grade school, and share everything, including secrets and fantasies. But Cindy's parents divorced when she was only two, and Susie's dad has been like a father to her.

"No, really! Your dad is a hunk."

"If you want him so bad, why don't you seduce him?"

The idea has crossed Cindy's mind before, but now that they are both in college, she rarely sees him. Both Cindy and Susie have had boyfriends, none of which last very long, preferring each other's company to men. Now don't misunderstand, the girls are not lesbians, although they have experimented in the past. They are both working hard to get their degrees, and guys tend to be too distracting. The girls have gathered at Susie's dad's house for dinner and to help out a bit while Susie's mother visits her sister back east.

To pull in a little extra money, Susie's dad works as a Santa at the nearby hotel, for parties. The fake beard and belly are in contrast to his normal physique, which for his age, is outstanding. As he leaves for work, he kisses each girl on the cheek, and vanishes out the door.

"Would it bother you if I seduced him?" Cindy asked as they cleared the table.

"He treats you like a daughter." Susie said.

"Yeah, but he sees me as a grown woman."

"If you think he'll bite, go for it!"

"Yeah, but I'm gonna need your help." They sat down at the table to devise a plan. Susie's mom has been gone for several weeks, so they knew he would be rather easy to get, with the right bait. They sketched out a few ideas, but decided to watch a movie, and work on the plan later. They sat on the sofa with popcorn and drinks, and started watching an old James Bond flick. They switched movies several times, but no matter what was on, they just couldn't get into it. There were other things on their minds, especially Cindy's. She was trying to picture him naked, how was he built? More important, how was he hung? Maybe she should start slow, giving him hints, flirting with him, get him to think he's seducing her. Or maybe she should just walk into his room one night and just jump him. Too many ideas, but something will come up.

It was four in the afternoon when Susie's phone rang. Being a Saturday, she was just relaxing in her apartment.

"Hello?" she said as she picked it up on the second ring.

"Hi honey, can you do me a favor?"

"Sure daddy, what's up?"

"We have parties going all night tonight, and the other Santa is having car problems, so it looks like I'll be working straight through. I'm on a break right now, but this one's a bachelor party, and the guys keep bringing me drinks. I'm half lit, and haven't had dinner yet. Think maybe you could bring me a bite sometime tonight?"

"I'd love to daddy! Me and Cindy were just trying to figure out what we were going to do."

"I can't believe it's Saturday night and you two don't have dates!"

"Oh daddy!" Susie squealed. "Want anything special?"

"Whatever's on the menu!" he chuckled, "Oh, and by the way, my next break won't be for a few more hours, so there's no hurry."

"OK daddy, we'll see you sometime tonight then!"

Cindy was in her bedroom when she heard her friend yell.

"Hey Cin, guess where I have to go tonight?" she teased.

"Where?" Cindy asked as she emerged from the room.

"Have to take daddy some dinner...wanna come?" As if she had to ask.

"Are you kidding? Of course! I have to get ready! How much time do I have?"

Susie laughed at her pal as she sauntered off towards the kitchen.

"You have as long as it takes me to make dinner!" 

Cindy panicked.

"That's not enough time!" 

Susie was enjoying the torture she was inflicting.

"Not really.You have a couple of hours." Susie wondered what her friend had in mind as she prepared her father's meal. When she had finished bagging up the food, she went to her own room to change. Susie was ready and waiting in the kitchen when Cindy walked in. "Wow! You look hot!" Susie exclaimed as she checked her friend out. Cindy's long blond hair was held in place by the red Santa's hat, and her 36 inch bust was barely contained by the low cut red blouse. And judging by the way her nipples pushed through the fabric, she wore no bra. The short black pleated skirt barely covered her butt cheeks, and you could see the tops of her red stockings, where they attached to her garter belt. All the way down at the other end of those long legs, were four inch spike heels. She was dressed to kill.

"Damn Cindy, you look so good, I might even make a pass at you tonight!" They both giggled, as Susie stood from the table and grabbed the brown paper sack.

"You're not going like that, are you?" Cindy asked as she noticed Susie was wearing a baggy sweater and jeans.

"Well, yeah! I'm just taking daddy something to eat, what are you doing?" she kidded.

"The same thing, I hope!" Cindy laughed, causing Susie to start laughing all over again.

They arrived at the hotel around seven, and began searching the banquet rooms, til they found one with the big Christmas party going.

"OK, this looks like it! I'll give you a few minutes with daddy, before I come in." Susie said as she peeked in the room. "Good luck!" She pushed Cindy through the doors, and headed outside to walk around a bit.

"OK, now where is he?" Cindy said to herself, as she walked around the crowded room. It was dark and very noisy, as couples danced and people laughed and talked. She finally spotted him sitting in a chair way off in the corner. He sure looked different with the beard and belly. Most of the crowd was drunk, and looking at the way he swayed back and forth, he was pretty well toasted himself. He looked at her through blurry eyes, and straightened up as she approached.

"Well, this is it!" she thought to herself as she walked up and sat down on his lap. He seemed shocked to see Cindy dressed like this, and didn't say a word.

It was so loud, she had to bend her mouth up to his ear to be heard. As she told him she was a good girl all year, all he could think about was the vast amount of cleavage that was being presented to him. His gloved hand rested on her knee, as she squirmed around in his lap. She could soon feel the effect it was having on him, as she slowly worked her hand under her leg. Even through the thick rented pants, she could feel how hard he was. He was responding the way she had hoped, so she went to the next stage.

"And Santa, I always thought it was better to give than to receive," she whispered in his ear, while he just moaned in her ear.

"And right now, I would like to give you a little head." She held her breathe, waiting his response.

"Come on!" he whispered back, standing up from his makeshift throne. As he stood, Cindy slid off his lap, and followed him behind a curtain. It was a room divider, but in this position, it formed a tiny little room no more than five feet by four feet. It was nearly pitch black, but Cindy knew what to do as she dropped to her knees before him and worked on his zipper. 

Along with his help, she had his pants around his ankles in no time, and had her lips wrapped tightly around his cock. The shear idea of sucking off Susie's dad caused her pussy to drip. She was so caught up in what she was doing, she didn't have time to react as he suddenly gushed forth spurt after spurt of warm cum. Just the fact that she got him to cum in her mouth was enough to set her off, as she trembled in an unassisted orgasm. She swallowed every drop, savoring the salty sweet taste, milking his cock for as much as she could get. As she stood up, he reached under her skirt and slipped a finger in her very wet pussy. In the dim light, she could just barely make out a stack of chairs in the corner. She grabbed one, set it down, and grabbed the seat, bending over for him. He had no qualms about burying his tongue deep in her. He worked his way from her butt to her pussy, and back again. She shuttered in small orgasms that made her shake. She felt his tongue vacate her orifices, and felt his hands on her hips. His cock, now rock hard once again found it's way to the tight entrance of her pussy. She rocked back and forth, as he pushed more and more of it in. Once it was half way in, he pulled out, and slammed it home, much to Cindy's delight. He pumped in and out, grunting and groaning, and after a few minutes, held her hips tightly. She could feel each jet of cum as it bounced off the walls of her steaming pussy. He slowed his pace, but didn't stop.

"My god, I can't believe he's still hard!" Cindy thought as she enjoyed the fucking. He was soon pulling all the way out, and slowly pushing it back in, stopping on occasion to rub it up and down her butt crack. On the fourth time he pulled out, he smeared her juices once again along her backside, but this time stopped a little higher, as he pushed against her chocolate starfish. She tried to lean forward, but her head hit the back of the chair, as he continued to push. She relaxed as best she could, and thanks to the slippery cum juices he had smeared around, the head of his cock popped right in. He was courteous enough to wait, and allow her to adjust to this new intrusion. After a minute, he slowly pushed in and out, relishing the vise like tightness of her virgin ass. Cindy began to moan in a pleasure and pain combination. All at once, he buried his cock to the hilt in her, as they both shuttered in orgasms. Cindy didn't think she could cum from anal sex, but as his cum filled her bowels, she found out differently.

Meanwhile, Susie decided it was time to find her dad and friend, so she wandered back down the corridor towards the large banquet room. As she walked around among the hordes of people, she felt a hand on her shoulder.

"There you are, Susie!" he shouted.

"Oh, hi daddy! I was just looking for you guys!"

"The other Santa showed up after all, so I went down the hall and took a little nap." he said, as he took the bag from her hand. "I thought Cindy was coming with you?"

"She wasn't with you?" Susie asked, now starting to worry.

"No, I haven't seen her, she's probably lost in the crowd here somewhere." he yelled over the crowd as he pulled a sandwich from the bag. "Well, I have to get back to my post. You and Cindy should stop by. Tell her I have a candy cane her to suck on!" he teased.

"Daddy!" Susie shouted as she punched him in the arm. He soon disappeared into the crowd, and Susie continued her search for Cindy. As she threaded her way around, she saw her dad sitting on his throne, waving as he caught her eye. She waved back as she mingled with the group.

Suddenly she saw Cindy, as she seemed to appear from nowhere.

"It looked like you just walked out of that wall!" Susie said as Cindy grabbed her hand and pulled her over to the side.

"Where have you been? I've been looking all over for you!" Susie shouted, noticing Cindy's hair was a bit tousled.

"Damn Susie, you've been holding out on me! You're dad is awesome!"

"What do you mean?" Susie asked.

"He just fucked me every which way! It was incredible!"

"Uh...Cindy...my dad just came back from a break."

"Yeah, a break from fucking me up the ass!" Cindy howled, "And in a minute, he'll be back out, and sitting in his chair over there!" she pointed to the dark corner by the curtains.

"Uh...Cindy...I don't know how to tell you this, but daddy is sitting over there, on the throne." Susie pointed across the room to the small, well lit stage, where her dad was handing out candy canes.

"If that's your dad...then..." First her face turned bright red, then white as a sheet. The room spun around, and the ceiling lights were the last thing she saw before passing out.

"Hey, are you OK?" She heard the voice, as she felt the warm washcloth being dabbed across her forehead.

"Ooh...where...what happened?" she asked in a whisper, only knowing that it was now very quiet.

"You passed out downstairs, so I brought you up to one of the rooms." It was Susie's dad, this time for sure as he had removed his hat and beard.

"Where's Susie at?" Cindy asked, still groggily.

"Uh...well, we had a little accident on the way up here. I carried you all the way here, and when I laid you down on the bed, I noticed you kinda leaked all over my pants. She went home to bring me a clean pair."

"Leaked wha...oh god...I'm so sorry!" Cindy blushed, knowing what had leaked from her body. "I'm sorry!" she blubbered, "I thought he was you and when I found out he wasn't you because-"

"Hold up a sec! What are you talking about? Calm down for a minute." he said softly as he patted her knee. His touch sent tingles up her leg. "I think I know what that stuff was, but I'm baffled as to this other guy."

"I might as well tell you, 'cause you'll find out sooner or later." she cried, "I came here tonight to try and seduce you, but the guy I thought was you, turned out to be someone else!"

"Wait a minute! You wanted me? Why? I'm old enough to be your father!"

"I'm sorry! I just found you very attractive. It was a stupid idea!" He wiped away the tears with the washcloth, but she realized his other hand was still on her knee. And it was still sending ripples all the way to her clit.

"It's not that stupid, and I'm flattered." he said with a calming tone, squeezing her leg just slightly.

"So, you're not mad at me?" Cindy asked with her puppy dog eyes.

"How could anybody be mad with you?" he said with a grin.

She rolled onto her side facing him, effectively trapping his hand between her knees. It was at this point she realized that he was sitting on the edge of the bed in his shorts. Without saying a word, she slowly moved her legs back and forth, causing his hand to move slightly up her thigh. She made eye contact with him, as she placed her hand tentatively on his knee. She slowly ran the tips of her fingers up his bare leg until she reached the bottom of his shorts. At the same time, she drew one foot back towards her butt, spreading her legs wide apart. He broke contact with her eyes long enough to glance towards her waist. Beads of sweat formed on his brow, and he gulped at the sight of her clean shaven pussy that glistened with her juices.

She glanced down to see his cock pointing upwards from the opening in his boxers. Cindy reached over and squeezed it.

"Oh man! You shouldn't be doing that!" he groaned to Cindy.

"OK, then I guess I'll have to do this!" Cindy said as she quickly rolled over and dropped her head in his lap. Her tongue traced the veins along the underside of his throbbing cock, then swirled around the tip, licking off drops of pre cum as they appeared. With each bob of her head, he moaned louder and louder. For the second time that night, her mouth was filled with cum. And just as the time before, she swallowed, deciding she liked his cum better than the first Santa. As he descended between her thighs, she stopped him.

"Uh...I don't know if that's such a good idea..." Cindy said, knowing both her holes had been filled recently.

"I don't mind, as long as I can taste your sweet pussy!" was the last thing he said as he dove in, bringing her to the most intense orgasm she has ever known.

"Fuck me!" Cindy hissed, as he climbed up between her outstretched legs. He gently pushed his cock in about an inch, and hesitated. Cindy wrapped her long legs around his butt and pulled him deep inside her. He quickly got a rhythm going and proceeded to fuck her brains out. He lasted quite a while, bringing her to orgasm several times before pumping his second load deep in her womb, with a low moan. He rolled off her and laid on his back.

"I can't believe I just did it twice in a row!" he said with amazement. But Cindy wasn't done, as she rolled over and began to lick his cock clean. She licked and sucked for several minutes, and soon he was hard again.

"But I don't think there's much left, you pretty well wore me out." he said as he examined his sore, but hard cock. Cindy didn't say a word, as she turned away from him, sticking her little butt up in the air, and her face down on the bed. As if in a trance, he got up on his knees behind her, and pressed his cock into her pussy. The cum made her pussy slippery and loose as he felt his erection starting to slip.

"I was thinking, since you are Santa, maybe you could head up north a bit!" Cindy cooed as she waggled her butt back and forth. She reached back with both hands and spread her cheeks wide. If his cock started to soften earlier, the effect was quickly reversed, as he contemplated the first real piece of ass he would ever have. His wife would have nothing to do with that, and now here was a beautiful twenty year old begging for it. He took his slime covered cock and eased it in her backdoor. She gasped as he entered her, so he stopped and held on. He could feel her pushing back, so he began thrusting in and out. It was hot and tight, and unlike any pussy he ever felt, it gripped his entire length with a pressure he never knew existed. He stopped at one point when he was buried deep, just to savor the moment, and Cindy squeezed her sphincter tight. That was all it took to cause his legs to tremble as he spasmed. He came harder than he has in a long time, shooting several healthy shots of cum deep in her rectum.

He pulled out and fell back on the bed as Cindy rolled over onto her back, both laying there trying to catch their breath. They both jumped at the same time when they realized that Susie had been standing there watching them this whole time.

"How long have you been standing there?" her father asked as he nonchalantly pulled the covers over his body.

"Long enough to come up with some pretty naughty ideas for Christmas!" she smirked as she sat on the end of the bed.