 When I was 19, I was consumed by sex.

It was all I thought about, and some days, it was all I did. 

I had fucked and played my way through several of the boys and more than a handful of girls in my small, private, Catholic college and was bored with, or uninterested in, the left over options. I frittered away the summer between first and second year, mostly staying home with my parents, finding new and exciting opportunities to exhibit my tight little body in my boring home town.

When I received my upcoming class schedule in the mail, I was excited to see that my Ethics course was being taught that semester by the new philosophy professor, Dr. Young. I had noticed him the previous semester when he stopped me in the quad and asked me where the admin office was. Even though he was not my usual 'type' (rough, edgy, blue collar men), I was immediately attracted to him. He was tall, with almost black hair and the bluest eyes I had ever seen. His navy suit and uncalloused hands pegged him as faculty like nothing else could, but his deep and raspy voice had been like a hot tongue on my pussy, and I could feel myself throb slightly at the memory of it. 

A few weeks later, I was driving back to campus, all my earthly possessions crammed into my car, radio blaring, and thoughts of Dr. Young rolling around in my head. He was going to be my school project. I had set my sights on him, and my plans to have him in my bed by the end of term were taking shape. I had decided on the bold approach, rationalizing that there was no need to be coy when I already knew what I wanted. I saw no shame in it, as we were both adults, and I was more than well-versed in sexual chemistry. I smiled to myself and hit the accelerator, eager to begin the game.

The first day of class, I made sure to wear a very short skirt, and a tight t shirt, with no bra or panties. I wanted to leave nothing to chance, no reason for him to think he was misreading the signals I was going to be sending. Because of the small size of the college, classes were held in classrooms rather than larger lecture halls, and I selected a seat right in front, slightly to the left of the lectern. He smiled and gave me a head nod of recognition as I sat down, legs crossed, and took out my pen and paper, ever the eager student. Other students filed in, and after 3 or 4 minutes, he cleared his throat to gain everyone's attention. He introduced himself and then ran down the attendance list, matching names with faces. Passing out the syllabus, he explained the course expectations for the semester, gave out his contact information, and all the other usual introductory things. 

At last, he went behind the lectern and began outlining Wittgenstein's theory and after making eye contact with him, I sat further back in my seat and opened my legs, giving him an uninterrupted view of my bare pussy. His voice dried up mid-sentence and he looked for a minute like he was choking to death, but then recovered and picked up where he left off, his eyes never leaving my now throbbing cunt. 

Though I wanted nothing more than to let him stare under my skirt all class, I was determined to reel him in for more than an ongoing peep show. I slowly brought my knees together and resumed taking notes. He at once began speaking more normally and returned to the board, outlining and underlining and becoming very animated about the topic. Right as he began to fully hit his stride, I opened my legs again, and grinned up at him as he once again stumbled over his words and dropped the chalk. As he bent over to retrieve it, I spread my knees further apart, and ran my left hand up my thigh, close to but not touching, my wet pussy. He hesitated for a moment; apparently enjoying the eye level view, then rose with the chalk and turned away from me to once again write furiously on the board. I marked that as the end of the game for today, and spent the rest of the class actually paying attention and ignoring his hopeful glances at my knees.

The next three classes were filled with more of the same, until one day when he clumsily asked me to come to his office later that afternoon to discuss my class work. I spent the couple of hours until our appointment getting ready for him - taking a shower, taking care to shave my pussy bare and smooth, rubbing scented lotion into my tits and stomach. The weather was still warm, so I chose a strapless plum colored sundress and some black sandals. I considered, and then ruled out a bra and panties, opting instead to allow for easy access. I was hoping at least for a thorough kiss and grope session, but had my sights set on a quick and dirty fucking bent over his desk. Just thinking of it made my nipples tighten. 

I knocked on his office door and turned the knob when I heard him call for me to come in. He was sitting at his desk, writing something in his date planner, and had not looked up yet. I shut the door behind me and clicked the lock, ensuring at least a few minutes of privacy with my prey. As I stood there, waiting for him to finish his notes, I could feel my anticipation slide down my thigh. I was excited, nervous, thrilled to be here, with this man, who knew only slightly more than nothing of my plans for him.

I walked closer to him, clearing my throat a little to gain his attention. He looked up as though startled, and dropped his pen, his hands stuttering over his desk in search of it. He nearly shouted hello, and then repeated himself more softly, standing and extending his hand to shake mine. I took it, softly running my thumb over his knuckle as I said hello. He took his hand back, shoved it in his pocket and leaned back against his desk trying to strike a more casual posture. 

I took a step forward, and asked him why I was here, why had he wanted me to...come? We were only about a foot apart now, and I could smell his aftershave, feel the heat coming off him. I lightly ran my finger tip down the sleeve of his shirt, barely touching the fabric, but making contact all the same. 

I looked at his face, and tried for the first time to judge his age. The fine lines around his eyes put him at at least 30, probably closer to 35. The age difference thrilled me for a reason I didn't yet understand, and in that moment, I didn't bother to question it. 

I asked for his first name, and he gave me Thomas, and then pushed his hand through his hair, exhaling raggedly. He looked at me and told me that I was a very pretty girl, and reminding me that he was my professor. I replied that I knew both of these things already, and asked again why he wanted to see me? He straightened, which brought him closer to me still, and he started to reply but stopped mid-sentence when I moved my hand to rest on his belt buckle. 

We looked at each other for perhaps a full minute before he moved in to kiss my mouth. I left my hand right where it was as my tongue slid along his and explored his mouth. I could feel his hands in my hair and moved in closer, pressing myself into his chest. The kiss broke and he nudged me back just a little. I looked up into his eyes and could see regret and apologies starting to form there, so I pulled the top of my dress down, exposing my breasts to him. I took his hands in mine and placed them on my tits, feeling my nipples go hard against his palms. He brushed his thumbs across them, then pinched them, and finally seemed to give in to some internal struggle and closed his mouth over one hard little nub and sucked and bit at it until I was gasping for him to fuck me. I fumbled with his belt as he turned his attention to my other nipple and gave it the same treatment. I was panting and yanking at his pants, trying to rip them off of him and failing. 

Suddenly I was off the ground and spinning, being set down on the desk. Roughly, he yanked my dress up around my waist and pushed my knees apart. He knelt down in front of me and gave my aching pussy a long lick, making me draw in a shuddering breath. I leaned back to give him better access and kept one hand in his hair as he licked and sucked at my throbbing clit, his tongue occasionally circling inside me. I felt my first orgasm race down my spine and I pushed harder against his face, grinding into his mouth. He slid a finger inside me, then two, rubbing against my g spot and groaning as I came hard against his mouth. 

As I caught my breath, he stood and unzipped himself, taking out his hard cock. I was mesmerized by it; it was longer and thicker than I had imagined, and my mouth began to water. Rather than urging me to my knees, he picked me up and held me against him, walking over to the opposite wall as I wrapped my long legs around him urgently moving my hips, making little sounds of impatience while my cunt desperately searched for his cock to fill it. When my back hit against the wall, he reached between us, and slid himself inside me, hard and rough. I sank into him and rode, reveling in that stretch from his thickness. He filled me over and over with his cock as he leaned in and nipped at my neck, then my nipples. I reached down between us and rubbed my fingers over my clit just as my cunt clenched around him, coming all over his still thrusting cock. 

"Come on my tits, Dr. Young," I whispered into his ear. 

Groaning, he withdrew from me and set me down on my feet. I knelt in front of him and slipped his cock into my mouth, tasting myself on him, drawing him down my throat , stroking him with my hands, pulling him deeper, urging him toward his orgasm. Suddenly, he pulled out of my mouth and started jerking off toward my chest. I cupped my breasts together with both hands, and begged for his come. Finally his mouth opened soundlessly and his balls twitched and sent several thick ropes of come onto my chest. As he came, I spread it all over my tits, into my hard nipples, then finally licking my fingers clean.

I stood up and pulled the top of my dress up, and pushed the bottom of it down, shaking out the skirt from wrinkles. Thomas was standing before me, trousers crumpled at his feet, his cock softening against his thigh, breathing hard, looking down at the floor. 

"Thank you Dr. Young, see you in class tomorrow."