 I watched Paige as she ran around the small sitting room in our hotel suite. First, she was looking out the window, then she disappeared into the bedroom for a moment. She had a wide smile as ran back to me and wrapped her arms around my midsection.

"Does it meet with your approval, Mrs. Douglas?" I asked a bit sarcastically. 

"It's perfect." She stretched up to kiss me but was a few inches short of meeting my mouth. I did not bend to her lips right away, I only smiled down at her pretty face, so she lightly grabbed my ear and pull my head lower into range of her mouth. Our tongues searched each other's mouths until Paige had her appetite sated for the moment, then she flicked my ear.

"Oww!" I reached up to cover the wounded ear.

"That's what you get for leaving me hanging when I needed to be kissed." She turned away from me to look for something in one of our suitcases.

"Let's go for a walk on the beach, but first I want to change into something more comfortable. My clothes are too warm." Paige said.

We had flown in to Kauai this morning for our honeymoon and she was right, the clothes we travelled in were too warm for the tropical weather. It looked like she was pulling a bikini, tank top, and skirt out of the bags. I thought about what I should change into while I watched Paige strip out of her jeans, but didn't get far on that thought. Paige made the mistake of facing away from me and bending over at the waist while she was wearing her tight lacey panties when she went to remove the jeans from her legs. Her beautiful ass was too irresistible. The pants still had her ankles trapped when I scooped her into my arms. 

"Hey!" Paige protested verbally but didn't resist at all. "What are you doing?" She asked, as I carried her to the bedroom. It was a dumb question that she must know the answer to, so I didn't bother replying.

I tossed her onto the bed and pulled the jeans from her feet with her socks. When I looked up, her shirt hit me in the face and she laughed. I tossed the shirt over my shoulder in time to catch her bra as it flew at me. I looked down at her gorgeous body. It was so petite and so perfectly proportioned. She reached out with one of her slender legs and rubbed my chest with her foot. I pulled my shirt over my head and pulled down my pants. As I stood, her panties flew at my face. 

"Hurry up." She demanded. "I need you over here slow poke." She held out her arms to me.

I crawled onto the bed and up her body so that I could kiss her mouth. I felt her hand stroking my hardness while we kissed. I moved up her body so that my knees were on both sides of her chest and leaned forward so that my dick pressed towards her mouth. Her hand never left my organ. Paige opened up her mouth and swallowed the tip. She bobbed her head up off the bed to better suck me off. 

After a few minutes, I could see her neck was starting to get tired. In slow motion, I rolled off to the side. Paige kept her hand and mouth attached as I moved; she didn't miss a stroke or lick as we slowly rolled and she ended up on top.

Once we settled in our new position, Paige increased her effort. She kneeled between my legs, and sucked and stroked hungrily. Paige always put a great deal of energy into her blowjobs. She had become very good at bringing me pleasure and claimed she enjoyed it too. She had become way better than any girl who had done this for me before. I rubbed the side of her face and held her hair up so that I could watch. Paige looked up into my eyes and could see I was getting close to cumming.

She took her mouth off of me and stroked quickly. Her bright smile was gorgeous. After catching her breath a moment, she dived back in and smoothly took me into her throat. She fucked me mercilessly with her face until I came. She swallowed everything I had to give while looking into my eyes. Her eyes had a pleasing smile to them while her mouth was stretched over me. 

After cleaning me up with her tongue, Paige sat up and smiled at me. She was so gorgeous. Her small body had gotten a little more shapely over the few years but still tiny and trim. Her hips flared nicely as she sat back on her feet. God, I wanted her so bad.

"My turn!" she announced as she flopped on her back next to me. 

I rolled on top of her and kissed her mouth. I could taste myself a little bit but I didn't mind. I figured she still kissed me after I went down on her and that taste was much stronger. As I kissed her, I felt down between her legs with my hand. Her pussy was streaming as it usually was after she had given me a blowjob. I continued to kiss as I moved my hand up to her breast.

I played with her breasts, licking and nibbling. Paige's body started to quiver in ecstasy just from the nipple play. She placed her hands on the top of my head, firmly applying pressure, encouraging me to move downward to my ultimate goal. I moved my face down to her crotch, licked her thighs, and around her shaved mound, but I avoided direct contact with her slit and clit. I loved to tease her and usually she enjoyed my toying around, but not today.

"Stop fucking around." Paige commanded. She grabbed my head and moved me so that my mouth was on her clit.

I licked at her wet center. I attacked her clit with my tongue. Paige writhed and moaned under my mouth. I worked a finger into her moist opening, and then I worked a second finger into her. While I licked at her clit, I pumped in and out of her with my two fingers trying to bump against her g-spot.

Paige grunted and shook a few times and tried to twist away from me. 

"Stop, stop, stop." She begged, so I relented. 

I crawled up between her legs, placed my cock at her pussy, and started to work it into her. I looked down at Paige and watched the amazing sight of my thick member pushing into her tiny body. When I was all the way in, I leaned forward and covered her body with mine. Paige gripped my shoulders and panted under me as I pounded away into her.

I fucked her hard for several minutes. The fact that I had just come was the only thing that was allowing me some endurance in her tight body. She felt so good stretched around me. A short while later I erupted inside her. Paige came with me.

Paige laid there smiling up at me. She was rubbing her abdomen below her belly button. "I can feel the warmth of your little guys swimming around in me." She smiled even brighter at the thought. I leaned in and kissed her again.

***

Paige and I had been married since yesterday afternoon. It was a small ceremony, because I didn't really have any family. The only close relatives I had were an uncle and aunt without any children. It was a little depressing really. Paige did not have a huge family either, but managed to get 25 or so aunts, uncles, and cousins to come. Her friends sat on my side to help to supplement my friends to even out the crowd on both sides of the church. 

Lauren had been Paige's matron of honor. She looked beautiful and radiant with her baby just beginning to show in her stomach. Paige had been right about Rory and Lauren beating us to the punch and being married and pregnant before us. In the three years Paige and I were engaged they had dated for about one year, been engaged a year, got married, and had time to make a baby. Rory's business was doing well. With Lauren's help, he had more time to work and more free time as well. She was the office manager, sales manager, accounts payable, accounts receivable, and collections agent when necessary. No one paid late twice; she had a way of laying down the law with tardy customers without angering them. Rory just needed to work on the programming and this arrangement gave him twice as much time to work on producing for customers. 

Paige and I discussed our marriage plans shortly after the engagement and it was Paige's idea to wait a few years for the ceremony so that she could focus on college. We decided to marry the summer before her senior year. I wanted to married sooner but I agreed that she should dedicate herself to her studies. Doreen was disappointed to have to wait to see her baby walk down the aisle, but then she sobbed inconsolably as Paige walked to my side in the chapel. 

***

Our week at the beach side resort flew by too quickly. Love making, fooling around, fucking, we did it all many times a day. We also found time to go out and be tourists somehow.

When we returned home, we fell right back into our routine. Whenever I walked in the door, she was always happy to see me home. It was like living in a 50's sitcom. I always came home to find Paige making dinner for me and her parents. She had taken over the role as primary cook in our household, and her parents as well, and she was becoming very good. I think the years of eating bad food made her very conscience of wanting to be competent in that area. Paige's parents were not shy about preferring either Paige's or my cooking to Doreen's (Craig did not cook. It was just not something his generation did). 

Craig would talk to Paige or watch Golf on TV, Doreen and I would spend time hanging out while Paige cooked. We were establishing a mother-son type of relationship. Craig played the referee; he would decide when Doreen was becoming too invasive and told her so. Doreen never tired of teasing me and when he felt she went too far he would step in. If he felt they were overstaying their welcome, he would drag her home. Sometimes she would joke that she had been too naughty and he was going to punish her. It was hard to imagine, but I got the feeling she liked to be spanked sometimes. Mother like daughter I guess.

One night Doreen and I were playing gin when she set her cards down and looked warmly over to Paige who was in the kitchen cooking. 

"She has turned out so nicely. I couldn't be more proud. You know, she strives to be the best wife for you that she can be." She paused and looked at me, patting me leg. "I wish I could take all the credit, but I think your influence helped her grow up. You have helped shape her from a girl into a woman." 

I smiled inward at the idea of exactly how I helped 'make her a woman'. Doreen probably intended on sending my thoughts to thinking of Paige sexually to keep my mind off the game.

Doreen was a very proud parent, but she seemed most proud that Paige was becoming a good wife. I wondered how much she knew about Paige's carnal skills. I suspected that Paige and her mother had been somewhat open in this area of discussion since Paige had moved in and become my defacto wife. I think pride of Paige having good wifely skills extended to bedroom as well.

Doreen was looking at her cards while she was considering what play to make next. She looked very casual, as though the game was not important to her. I knew better. She was very competitive; much like Paige and I in this respect. Her casual look probably meant she was contemplating how to best crush me in her next move or two.

Doreen discarded and as I drew a card she stated, "Paige is becoming a better cook than you." 

Ah ha, she was intentionally distracting me; she knows I take a lot of pride in my cooking. She had not laid any cards on the table yet and neither had I. She was probably going to go out is a flourish and leave me holding lots of points. We were keeping score and I had a slight lead tonight.

"I don't mind." Although I couldn't go out of the game, I decided to lay down as many cards as possible.

She grimaced as I put down my cards. I think she was mad that she lost the initiative. She drew a card. "I do enjoy our time together while she cooks." She stated flatly as she went out of the game. 

I shuffled the cards and started to deal.

"You're the son I never had." Doreen looked at her cards then she looked at Paige. "Don't get me wrong, I love Paige, but sometimes I wish I had a boy too. She was always daddy's little girl, I was second place in her eyes, or competition for Daddy's time. I think that's why we fought so much."

Paige came over and sat across my lap. "Are you two conspiring?"

"Last time we conspired, it ended in you getting engaged." Doreen quipped. "So, don't complain."

"I get nervous when you two start whispering and leaving me out of the conversation." Paige said.

"See, this is what I'm talking about. Now she's competing with me for your time. At least I get Craig to myself these days. I may take him home early tonight so I can enjoy more of his time."

"Geez, Mom" Paige snorted.

***

I was still sitting at the dinner table after her parents went home for the night, Paige stated, "I don't know what's wrong with me, but I've been so horny all day. I know I'm usually horny when I think about you, but this is different. My body is on fire. I've been on sensory overload all day. "

"I think I can help you out with that. I know just the thing."

"Don't move." Paige instructed. She took off her pants and underwear, climbed onto the table, and sat on the edge leaning back on her elbows with her pussy in my face. "This time I want to look into your eyes while you use your mouth to make me cum." 

I had looked into her eyes while cumming in her mouth thousands of times in seemed (it is my favorite thing and it never got old), But this would be the first time we did it in reverse. I had gone down on her countless times but the geometry of our bodies while playing this way had never really made looking into each other's eyes natural.

I leaned in to start licking, she was already soaking wet. 

"Wow you are hot and bothered aren't you."

"I told you I've been on fire all day."

I licked away. It didn't take but a few moments and the fireworks started to go off in Paige's head. She was so turned on I didn't have to do much work. I looked up into her eyes. We tried to stay focused on each other but Paige couldn't keep her eyes open continuously during her ecstasy. She kept squinting them closed.

"Wow." She said. "Intense. How do you keep them open when you cum though. I'm impressed with your focus when you come in my mouth. That was hard to do."

"Practice, we've had lots of practice together." I offered.

"You just want me to sit in front of you with my legs spread every night."

"Yeah. What's wrong with that?" I demanded.

"Let's screw. I want to fuck right here, right now. Pump your stuff into me." She demanded in return.

"You are on fire. What's with the cussing?" 

"Shut up and fuck me."

***

One evening during the late fall, I returned home from a day at the office to see Paige sitting on the sofa waiting for me to come home. She was very serious, solemn, which was out of the norm. I was a little nervous that maybe she was mad at me about something. Recently, Paige had been a bit moody and unpredictable. I racked my mind for what I could have done wrong.

"What's up?" I asked. 

She looked me straight in the eye. "Well you did it. What do you have to say for yourself?"

"Did what?"

"Don't act like you don't know what you were trying to do."

"What? Does that even make sense?" I wondered.

"I'm pregnant." She had a face of stone.

I knew the next words I said were critical, so I thought for a second. 

All I could think of was, "That's wonderful." 

It really was, but I knew this was a little sooner than she hoped. She had stopped using the pill when we got married and considering the frequency of our love life, it was bound to happen sooner than later. This was just a lot sooner than later.

I guess I said the right thing. She smiled and hugged me before she shuddered with tears. I hoped they were the joyful kind of tears, which had been hard to tell recently. She had been rollercoaster of emotion for the last month or so, which was uncharacteristic for her. Loving and testy, happy and mad all at once it seemed. It was so different from 'normal Paige' I had wondered what changed. It made more sense now that I could associate her moodiness with her early shift into motherhood. This was an agreeable explanation of her craziness. 

Unable to read her, I broke down and asked, "Are you happy?"

She nodded her response. "Yeah, but I was afraid when I found out."

"Afraid of what?"

"Would you be happy about it? Am I ready for this level of responsibility? Will I be a good mom?" She paused and thought for a few seconds. 

"Holy crap! We're having a baby!" She shouted as if she found out for the first time just then.

If she wasn't such an emotional wreck, I would have laughed at her dramatic display. Instead, I wisely chose to say, "We should celebrate."

"What do you suggest we do?" Paige asked, she was smiling now.

"Heavy drinking, raw fish, and maybe you should start smoking."

Paige laughed then stopped just as fast as she had started. Suddenly she became serious (damn mood swings). "You're right. I need to make sure I take care of the baby and myself. I'm going to take more yoga classes at school."

"You have been taking yoga for the past year."

"Good thing now." She was so serious I started to laugh at her. She was acting too crazy for me not to laugh. She gave me the evil eye.

"Oh come on. You have to admit you are acting a little funny." Her face turned red. Oh shit! The few times I have seen her lose her temper this was the sign she was going to explode. I stopped laughing and I must have made a face of terror, because she suddenly shifted gears and started laughing at me.

"You should see the look on your face." I didn't really enjoy being the butt of her joke, but it was better than seeing her mad. "It was priceless." She laughed and kissed me. "I love you."

"Glad to be of service." I said feeling like a goat. "Let's go out to dinner."

"What about my parents?" Paige asked.

"Let's celebrate, just the two of us. I want to have time to enjoy this together as a couple first. We can tell them tomorrow."

Paige became serious again. "Of course just the two of us tonight. I meant, what are they going to eat if we go out? They have become so dependent on us cooking, they'll starve."

I was grinning like a fool again. "Tell them to get a pizza."

"Okay. I'll call now." 

Paige looked uncertain, so I wondered what was on her mind and asked, "What are you going to tell them?" 

"Medium pan crust supreme."

"Huh?"

"Like you said, I'm going to order a pizza for them."

"What? No, call your parents, tell them I'm taking you out to dinner. Let them order the pizza."

"Oh yeah." She giggled, "I am losing it, aren't I."

I had heard that being pregnant could mess with the mother's mind but this was a bit much.

***

We went out to a small Italian restaurant that Paige really liked. Everyone in the restaurant knew us by name. It helped Paige's mood when the hostess told Paige she looked "positively glowing" tonight.

At dinner I asked, "How pregnant are you?"

She grinned at me. "All pregnant. I didn't know there was anything else."

"No. I meant, how far along are you?"

"About 8 weeks. I think you knocked me up at the first chance once I stopped taking the pill." 

"8 weeks already? Didn't you notice something was up before?"

"Yes, I was suspicious, but because my monthly cycle was a little off after stopping the pill, I wasn't sure after being late on one period. Besides, when I was younger, it was always very erratic, that's why the doctors put me on the pill originally. When I was 14 and 15, before being on the pill, I missed periods all the time. But when I missed my second period in a row, I bought a home test."

"I don't want to say the wrong thing here, but shouldn't you ask a doctor too?"

"I saw my OBGYN today. I am pregnant. Besides, I have noticed some changes."

I wanted to say I noticed her mood changes too, but I'm not dumb enough to say that. Nevertheless, I am dumb enough to say, "I think your boobs are getting firmer."

Paige blushed, "Yes, I know. I hope they get bigger. At least as big as my mom's. Have you seen Lauren's? She always had those awesome c-cups but now that she's pregnant she looks like a porn star. I bet Rory loves them. She showed them to me the other day while I was feeling her baby kicking, wow, you'd love them."
