 I peeked my head into Theron's office, and watched for a minute as he stared intently at his computer monitor. I shook my head, and knocked on his door. He looked up quickly and then back down. 

“Hey, Jessi, what do ya need?” 

“Hey, I was going to lunch and just wanted to know if you'd like to join me.” 

“No I can't.” 

“You work too hard Theron, you're going to burn yourself out.”

He looked up at me, and smiled. God, I loved to see him smile. He is such a sexy man, and in the time that I've worked here, there's been many times spent fantasizing over this man. I have been inviting him to lunch with me everyday, and he's excepted sometimes, but always kept his distance, which unnerved me, but I vowed to myself that one day I would get him to notice me as more than just a co-worker. 

“I'll be just fine, Jess. I gotta get this done.” 

“Fine. But take a break soon!” 

“I will!” 

When I came back to work, I tried hard to do what I had to, but my mind kept going back to Theron, and with the thoughts I had of him I couldn't concentrate. In order to finally put the thoughts into the back of my head, I told myself that tonight I'd get him. I'd make him relax, take a break from all the work he'd been doing, and enjoy himself. 

I had gotten roped in to staying and working with an account, and as I took a break I noticed Theron still at his desk. I looked at the clock, thinking that maybe I mistook the time but it said it was eight o'clock. I smiled as I came into his office. 


“Why're you here so late Sir, you should've gone home two hours ago?”

“I have to finish this. Why're you here so late?” 

“Got handed the Robinson report, and the boss said it had to be presentable by tomorrow morning.”

“Ah, I see. So, what're you doing hanging out here?” 

“I'm taking a break.” 

I watched him as he sat up more in his chair, and stretched his back. He took his head from side to side, to work out his neck, and I took the opportunity to come behind him. I placed my hands on his shoulders and began to rub them.  “Mmmm...that's nice.” 

“Good, you're very tense. How long you been sitting in this chair?”

“I don't know. I've gotten up a few times.” 

I clicked my tongue in a disapproving way. 

“Didn't I tell you earlier to take a break? Have you eaten at all?” 

“Some things from the vending machine.” 

“That's even worse!”

I took my hands from his shoulders and down his chest. I had to bite my tongue when I felt the toned muscles. He looked back at me, and smiled. 

“What are you doing?”

“Giving you a massage.” 

“But my chest doesn't hurt.” 

“Feels good though doesn't it?”

“Yes, but still.”

“But still what? Look if your shoulders and neck hurt, you're bound to have some tense muscles in your chest as well.”

“Really?”

“Yes, I know these things.”

“How do you know them?”

“I read a lot.” 

I gave him an innocent smile and moved my hands back to his neck and shoulders, letting my long fingernails graze the bottoms of his ears as I worked. 

“Okay, look, Jess, I really got to get back to this.” 

“Oh Theron, Theron! Always working! You need time for yourself you know, you need to enjoy life, not just work through it.” 

“I do, when I have no work.” I shook my head, and moved, coming around to the front of him, and blocking his view of the computer. 

“Hey! Move!” 

“Not yet. Are you hungry?” 

“I'll eat later.”

“I didn't ask when you would eat. I asked if you were hungry.”

“Yeah, but I don't have time.”

“You're going to make time.” 

“Jessi! I really...”

I brought my finger up to his lips and stopped his talk. 

“What kind of food do you like? I'm going to order some, and you will eat with me.” 

He gave me an angry look, but I ignored it, and just kept staring at him. He finally spoke, not able to take the hard stare that I was giving to him. 

“Anything is fine.”

“Okay, I'll come get you when it gets here.”

He waved his hands at me and I moved away from the screen, shaking my head. 

I came back around when the food had arrived, and practicality had to drag Theron from his desk. I had set up everything, and he smiled as he walked in. Looking over the spread, his eyebrows came down when he saw the bottle of wine. 

“Where'd you get that?” 

“I now the owner of the restaurant, how'd you think we got all this instead of just Chinese or pizza?” 

“Ha! Hadn't even thought of that. What we got here?”

“The best Italian food you'll ever eat. Come on sit down!” 

He sat in one of the lounge chairs and I sat across from him on the floor. He poured the wine, looking at the glasses confusingly.

“Got those from the restaurant too, with the promise that I'd bring them back.”  “I see. You must be a real favorite of the owner.” 

I laughed, and nodded my head. 

“Yeah, you could say that.” 

We ate in silence for a while and then he looked at me with a smile. 

“Why are you sitting on the floor?” 

“I don't want to make a mess of myself, and it's easier to reach my plate on the table if I'm down here.” 

He nodded, and silence fell again. I kept my eyes down, but I could see him taking glances of me as we ate. I looked up finally and smiled. 

“More wine?” 

“Yeah thanks.” 

I began to pour the liquid into his glass. 

“You know Theron you're a very attractive man.” 

He coughed, I'd caught him off guard, and it made me smile. 

“Really?”

“Mmmm....mmmmm......I've always thought so.” 

“Thanks. What brought that around?” 

“Thought you'd like to hear a compliment. It made those lines of stress in your forehead disappear for a minute.” 

I crinkled my nose and smiled. 

“That why you're always wanting me to go to lunch with you?”

“Yeah, I like to look at you, and I enjoy the company as well.” 

He nodded, and I could see a slight smile playing on his lips. 

“And that's why I'm always pestering you about not working so hard. I don't like to see that handsome face full of stress. You need to play Theron. You need to play just as hard as you work.” 

“I haven't had time for much play lately.” 

“I know. I practically had to drag you in here to eat! That's not good, it's not healthy.”

“So now you're the expert on my health?”

“Yes, for now.” 

I gave him a wink, and took a sip of my wine.

“I think I'll be the expert.” 

“No, you can't, you're working yourself to death.” 

“And now you can tell me what to do?” 

“Yep.” 

“Who made you the boss?”

“I did.”

“You can't make yourself the boss.”

“Yes I can, and I did.” 

“And who are you?”

“I'm your boss.” 

“I don't think so.” 

“I do.” 

“Oh yeah? Well, I think you're just an uppity bitch you doesn't know when she's lost the fight.” 

I laughed, and shook my head. 

“I'm a bitch all right, but I've not lost anything. You have.”

“Whatever.” 

“Oh yeah?”

“Yeah.”

“Well, whatever to you too.” 

“See you lost.” 

“You didn't fight fair.” 

“Yes I did, now I gotta get back to work.” 

He got up to leave, and I stood up, blocking the door. 

“Move Jessi.”

“Nope. You're not going back to work. Not tonight.” 

“It's not going to be hard to move you.” 

“I'm not moving.” 

“I have to work.”

“You're finished working. Now, you sit with me and you drink some more wine, and you relax!” 

“Don't you still have work?”

“Nope I'm finished.” 

“Then why'd you hang around?”

“To keep you company.” 

He didn't say anything, but moved closer. I braced myself against the door, holding tightly to the door knob, and the trimming.

“I'm going to tell you one more time to move.”

“Or what?”

“Or I'll make you.”

“You can't make me do anything.”

“Yes I can.” 

“I'm not moving” 

He placed his hands around my waist, and lifted up. I felt my feet come off the floor, and my hands leave the door as he pulled me towards him. I wrapped my arms around his neck, and my legs around his waist. He didn't try to put me down, just stood there looking up at me as I clung tightly, and looked down at him. 

“You're not going back to work.” 

“Jess, please.”

His voice didn't sound too convincing. 

“I think, Theron, it's time to play. I've wanted to play with you for a long time.” 

He tried to hide a smile, but I saw the corners of his mouth come up. 

“What if I don't want to play?” 

“You want to or I'll make you want to.” 

“You can't make me do anything.”

“Yes I can, I'm your boss, remember.” 

He laughed, and I smiled down at him. 

“I can't play, not now, I really have to...”

I stopped his next excuse with a kiss. I sighed as I placed my lips down on his, and sucked his bottom lip into my mouth. I nibbled softly on it before letting go. 

“Do you not want to play with me Theron?” 

“I'd like to very much.” 

“Then why are you trying to leave?”

Before he could answer, I moved my lips down to his neck, and kissed it, moving my mouth up to his ear, and gently sucking in the lobe. 

“I don't know.”

“Then you'll stay?” 

“Oh God, Jess, I'd love to, but I really can't.” 

I looked at him, my eyebrows coming down as I frowned. 

“I'm not use to hearing men tell me no Theron.”  “I really would under different circumstances, but....” 

I pushed down on his hands, causing him to drop me just a little. I came back up, my skirt pushing more up my thighs, and planted my panty-clad pussy on his cock. He sighed, as I wiggled around, getting comfortable in his arms again. 

“You feel that? You feel the heat coming from my pussy?” 

He nodded, and his eyes rolled back as I moved my hips against him again. 

“You did that to me, and I think you need to fix it.” 

“I don't see how I did that. I haven't touched you.” 

“You don't need to touch me, just looking at you makes me wet.” 

I dropped my hand behind me, and pushed my panties aside, as I found the opening of my pussy. I pushed my finger inside, and brought it back out, lifting it to his eyes.

“You see that? Look at how wet I am. It's all because I want your cock. I've wanted your cock for a long time, and now's a perfect time to let me have it.” 

I brought my finger inches from his mouth, and he opened it, but I moved, and licked my own juices from my finger. I came down and kissed him again, letting my tongue push past his lips so that he could taste me also. I pulled back and smiled. 

“Sweet isn't it?” 

“Yes.” 

I moved my hips again, smiling as I watched his desire brighten his dark brown eyes. 

“You ready to play now? Your cock says you are.” 

He said nothing, just stared at me, and I frowned at him, before smiling again. I wiggled, dropping more of my weight into his arms so that he let go. I came to my feet, and then quickly moved into a squatting position. I looked up at him, as I brought my hands to his pants. He didn't stop me, so I freed his cock. I moaned as I began to move my hand up and down the shaft. I saw his eyes close slightly, and knew he was enjoying it, even if he didn't say or do anything. 

I moved again, bringing my lips to his cock, and kissing the tip, before letting my tongue out, to lick the entire shaft. I heard a slight moan escape him this time, and smiled, as I took his cock into my mouth. I sucked hard but slow, letting my tongue find every inch of his cock as I took him as far as I could down my throat. I kept my eyes steady on his the whole time, and watched as his eyes moved from mine down to my pussy. 

I moved my hand, pulling my panties away from my slit, as I ran a finger up and down my cunt. I moaned softly as I rubbed my clit, and sucked his cock just a little harder. My eyes closed as I took my finger back and pushed it inside my hot wet pussy. I moved slowly, not wanting to make myself cum, but just as I was beginning to really enjoy myself, I felt Theron's hand come down into my hair. He gave a hard tug, and my lips left his cock with a pop. He turned my face up towards his, and I saw a smile mixed with desire and wickedness on his face. 

He said nothing as he pulled me up to my feet, and moved me over to the lounge. He turned me around, and lifted my skirt. He ripped my panties from me, and gave my ass one hard slap before shoving his cock in my pussy. 

“Oh fuck yeah, Theron! Fuck that pussy!”

He grabbed my hair again, pulling my head back sharply, as his other hand came down on my ass again. 

“Yeah, I'm going to fuck you, you little slut! I'm going to fuck you till you beg for me to stop!” 

He thrust his cock hard into me again, causing me to scream out in pleasure and pain as his cock invaded the deepest parts of me. He kept thrusting hard into me for a couple of more minutes, before pulling away and sitting down. He sat me on top of him, my back facing him, and I moaned as I was again impaled on his thick shaft. 

“Fuck me, slut!” 

I began to grind my hips into him, keeping him deep. I felt his hands come around and grab my tits, making me moan more. He pulled me back to him, and turned my head, placing a hard kiss on my lips before pushing me away again, and making me bend. I grabbed on to his ankles for support as I began to bounce on his cock. He began repeatedly smacking my ass as I fucked him, and I let out a low laugh of pure pleasure. 

“That's right, Sir, slap my ass, I've been a bad bad girl, pulling you away from your work.” 

“Yeah you have, grinding that hot little pussy onto my cock, making me hard.” 

“Mmmm...yes, sucking your cock as I played with myself. But oh was it ever good! I like being a bad girl Sir, and your cock felt so good down my throat!” 

“You're nothing but a slut Jessi.” 

“I know, and I'm so good at it.” 

He grabbed me by the waist and lifted me from him. He laid me down on the couch, pinning my arms to my sides, and thrust his cock into me again.  “Ooooo....God Sir, you're going to make me cum!” 

“Oh yeah? You cum for me you little whore.” 

“Oh yes Sir, here it comes!” 

I let out a loud long moan as my orgasm took over. I smiled as I felt my pussy tighten even more against his cock, and my juices began to flow from me. 

“Oh fuck yeah! I'm going to cum! You want my cum?” 

“Yes Sir please!” 

He said nothing as he made his final thrusts, and his seed began to flow into me. My hips thrust forward to meet his, and another loud moan came from me as I felt his cream hit my inner walls. 

He pulled from me when he was spent, though, for a minute he just laid a top of me. I smiled when he lifted his head. 

“Thank you.” 

“No, no, thank you, I needed that.” 

“Well then you're welcome. Are you going back to work? You know I've not begged for you to stop yet.” 

He laughed and shook his head. 

“Yes, I have to go back to work, and later I'll make you beg for me to stop.” 

I gave a pout as he moved from me. 

“Don't look like that, this will happen again, trust that.” 

I smiled and nodded, getting up to clean up from dinner as he left to go back to his office.