 She dipped her foot into the warm water. The warmth sent tiny shivers over her body as she lowered herself into the tub. She leaned against the cold porcelain and closed her eyes letting the water take over her senses and soothe her restless mind. The flame from the candle sent flickering light as it danced in the steam emanating from her bath. The bubbles filling the tub crackled as each little one popped filling the room with the aroma of lavender and vanilla, scenting her skin. She could feel the tension in her muscles easing as the warm water caressed her naked skin. She let her hands slide over the soft skin of her arms and shoulders before moving down and slowly letting her hands wander over her small breasts and belly. She could feel her body coming alive under her touch as feeling stirred between her thighs. Letting out a content sigh, she released the plug from the tub and the water began to swirl and drain. She reached for the fluffy towel folded neatly next to the tub and began to pat herself dry. She donned the silk robe hanging on the door and felt the cool, smooth fabric rub against her skin as she cinched the ties at her waist. Going into the bedroom, she lit scented candles about the room until they let off a soft glow that washed over softening the room. She placed one wine glass and a bottle of wine chilling in an ice bucket on the night stand next to the bed. Next to the wine, she put out a small plate full of soft cheese and strawberries. 

She hung her robe on the edge of the bed and poured a small amount of scented oil into her hands and began to work it into her skin, her hands sliding over the soft curves of her body, her warm skin drinking the fluid. She reached for the negligee that she had placed on the bed before her bath. She slid the black satin gown over her head letting it fall over her small frame. The satin material clung to her breasts and hips accentuating her body, the short hem of the fabric barely graced the top of her legs exposing the creamy softness of her thighs. The gown had black lace trim at the top of the bodice that came to just above her nipples, giving the illusion that if she moved just right you might catch a glimpse of what was hiding underneath. Smoothing the fabric over her hips, she then reached for the black satin panties that were still on the bed. 

She went back to the vanity and began to pin curls around her head, letting soft, red ringlets escape on the sides of her face and cascade down her bare back. She carefully applied soft rouge to her cheekbones and just a kiss of flavored lip gloss to her lips to give them just a hint of blush and shimmer. She admired her reflection for just a moment in the mirror before returning to the bedroom and putting soft music on the CD player. Glancing at the clock, she knew her lover would be home soon. She could feel the anticipation building as she waited out the minutes for him to arrive. 

She smiled as she finally heard his key turn the lock of the door and he stepped inside. She listened as he hung his coat and placed his work things inside the closet. She had left only a small light on in the front of the house and she could hear his foot steps as he went room to room searching her out. When he finally stepped into the doorway, he paused and leaned against the door taking in the sight before him. She was sitting propped up against the pillows lining the headboard. His eyes swept her body and slowly grazed down her long legs to the black heels on her tiny feet. 

She crooked her finger and motioned for him to join her on the bed. He smiled and slowly sauntered over to where she was sitting. He placed his hands on either side of her hips and leaned down and gently brushed her lips with his. His scent was intoxicating as she breathed in the masculine smell of his cologne. His lips were soft and sensuous as they barely touched hers. Removing his shoes he climbed onto the bed next to her. She rolled over to straddle him and placed her hands around the back of his neck before reaching down and kissing him again. She let her lips melt with his, at first kissing his upper lip, then the lower. Her lips parted and she lightly nibbled his lower lip before her tongue traced his warm, wet mouth. She could feel his hunger building as he put his hands on the back of her head and began to kiss her hungrily. The kiss was passionate, like two mouths making love, seeking to know the soft depths within. Their tongues danced together in slow, rhythmic motion, intertwining and embracing each other. She felt his hands move up the sides of her rib cage then back down to her hips. She could feel their warmth beneath the thin fabric of her negligee. He placed his thumbs into the elastic band at the top of her panties and moved her hips in a grinding motion against him. 

Pulling herself back a little she began to plant little soft kisses over his face, her hands moving down to the front of his chest. She gently began to kiss his neck before parting the top of his buttoned shirt to expose his collar bone and made a trail of kisses there. She slowly began to unbutton his shirt, leaving a kiss in each place that his shirt once was. When she had unbuttoned his shirt enough to pull it open to expose his chest, she reached down with her wet mouth and took his tiny nipple into her parted lips, licking little circles around one before moving onto the other. She continued to unbutton his shirt until she could slide it off his wide shoulders. She moved her lips in a soft trail down his stomach until she reached the top of his slacks. Slowly she undid his belt and began to unbutton his pants. She could feel his hardness through the crisp fabric. She let her hands wander to his throbbing manhood and slowly began to caress him through his pants. She felt his hips rise to meet her hands, pleading for more. She unzipped his pants and slid them off his legs leaving him wearing nothing but his briefs. She kneeled over him letting her warm breath tease the sensitive skin of his stomach. Smiling up at him, she began to stroke him through his briefs. She let her fingers wander to his thighs rubbing the outsides before moving to the inside. She would occasionally let her fingers just barely brush his bulging manhood. 

His breathing was quickening and she could feel the moisture between her thighs. She removed his briefs leaving him bare and exposed on the bed before her. She was still fully clothed and could feel her nipples straining against the tight fabric of the bodice. His hand reached up and cupped her breast. She could feel his hands move to her hard nipples as his thumb and finger began to stroke and caress her breasts. She let out a gasp and he lightly pinched her nipples between his fingers before circling each of them with his thumb. Her eyes closed, it was getting hard to concentrate as feelings swept through her body. She took a deep breath. She moved her lips to his manhood and took the tip of his head into her mouth. She flicked the little V at the tip with her tongue before sliding his shaft into her warm, wet mouth. She could taste the pre-cum that had started to escape and she licked the salty fluid. His hands moved to the back of her head as his hips moved to meet her hungry mouth. She let out a small moan as she continued to lick and suck his hard shaft. She could feel his body tighten and knew he was getting close. 

Not ready for the moment to end, she let him slide out of her mouth and moved her body up to straddle his lap again. She could feel him pressing into the soft folds underneath her panties. His hands came up her sides under her slip and slid the negligee over her head, exposing her breasts. He cupped her breast with his hand before pulling her down to him and taking a hard nipple into his mouth. She felt his tongue circle her nipple before lightly sucking the pink bud back into his mouth. 

He slid his arms around her and held her close as he rolled them over so that she was lying on her back with him still between her legs. He kissed her deeply while his hands slid down her sides to her hips then beneath her bum pulling closer to him. He softly kissed the sides of her neck then made his way down her trim body to the top of her panties. He let his mouth graze her mound through the silky fabric. She could feel his warm breath and soft lips and yearned for his touch. He let a hand slide over the smooth fabric his thumb gently touching the top of her clit. He stroked her little nub softly, teasing her with his touch. Finally with his other hand he removed her panties. Her knees were bent and her flower was open for him to gaze upon. He ran his fingertips lightly over her smooth mound sending little shivers down her spine. Her hips arched up to him, pleading for his hands to move lower. He let out a soft laugh and slid one finger to her soft opening. She gasped as he slid his finger inside while his mouth came down on her soft clit as he sucked her into his mouth. His finger slowly slid in and out of her parted lips while his tongue swirled around and around her clit. She could feel waves of pleasure building at her toes and working their way up her body. She loved the way his mouth and fingers moved in perfect unison sending her to ecstasy. 

She wanted to feel him inside her. The need was growing and she couldn't wait for the hard tip of his penis to penetrate her. "I want you...." She breathed. He moved his body up to hers letting his hard shaft graze the softness of her womanhood. She could feel his head parting her soft lips as he slowly slid himself inside her. She loved feeling the fullness of him and thrust her hips to meet his. He began slow and rhythmic stroking, teasing her with every move. She let out a moan as she felt the pleasure mounting. Her body tightened as she let go, letting wave upon wave and pleasure rush over her body filling her with delight and sending goose bumps over her flesh. He began thrusting a little harder and a little faster sensing her release. His own need taking over he felt his climax as he let go of his sweet cream filling her with his love juices. Their bodies rocked together as they slowly came down from their lovers ecstasy feeling complete and satisfied. They lay together cuddled into each other arms, their hands and fingers continuing to caress and love each others bodies. He leaned in and kissed her warmly. She could feel his love on her lips and body, and she smiled.

She leaned over to the night stand and poured a glass of wine. She savored a sip of the sweet fluid before handing him the glass for a drink. She took a bite of strawberry then pressed the fruit to his lips. He closed his eyes and let the juice from the fruit roll down his tongue. She leaned forward and gave him a quick kiss, tasting the fruit and wine that now mingled together on his lips. She admired his beautiful body that had the ability to bring her so much pleasure. She ran her fingers through the soft hair on his chest while looking into his eyes. She loved the feeling of his skin under her fingertips. She let her hand wander to the top of his shoulder, then down his arm to his hand where she clasped her fingers around his. She marveled at those hands. She knew their strength and was amazed at how soft and tender they could be. She raised his hand to her lips and kissed his fingers, sucking one into her mouth, still tasting her essence there. He reached out with his hand and smoothed her hair before caressing the side of her face, cupping her cheek in his hand. She placed her hand over his, closed her eyes and smiled. He had been away on business and she had missed him while he was away. She had spent nights longing for his touch, his kiss, his caress...

He gently pulled her face to his and kissed her. His lips were full and soft and his kisses were exquisite. She could feel the wetness starting again between her thighs as his tongue danced around hers. His hand was behind her head and she could feel his passion stirring as his lips became greedy, tasting her, teasing her. She wanted to be consumed by him, fully engulfed by his body. She loved feeling the fullness of him inside her as they became one, sharing the most intimate part of themselves with each other. 

His free hand came to rest on her hip then slowly slid around to caress the small curve of her bum and began kneading and caressing her flesh. He took a finger and pressed the tiny dimple on her bum. He had always told her how much he loved that little dimple and his fingers always made their way to the little indentation. He pulled her body on top of his as both of his hands went to the smooth skin of the small curve of her behind. He firmly grasped her cheeks and pulled her more tightly to him. She could feel his masculinity pressing into her soft womanhood. She let out a content sigh as he maneuvered her into a grinding motion on his hard body. With one hand he pressed against her belly, moving her into an upright sitting position. His hand slowly rubber her belly and then worked their way down to her smooth mound. His thumb found her little nub and began to stroke the sensitive skin while his other hand began to move down the crack of her behind, lightly spreading her cheeks. She could feel his manhood pulsing against her most sensitive place while he continued to work his magic with his hands. Her soft lips were throbbing as she yearned for him to take her. She could feel her pleasure growing as he continued to make little circles around her clit with his thumb. She could feel his finger against her backside as he gently pressed against her tight little opening. She felt just the tip of his finger penetrate her from behind. Her body shuddered in delight, nearly sending her over the edge! He worked his finger in slowly, giving her body time to adjust to him before going a little further. 

She was consumed by the sensations his hands were creating. She rocked hard against his body, his thumb still teasing her little nub while his finger continued to explore her sweet little bum. She couldn't wait to feel him inside her! She reached between her legs to his manhood and slowly guided him to her soft wet spot and slid him in. She made little grinding circles against him while his fingers continued to tease her incessantly. 

She began an easy thrusting motion on his hard body, sliding herself up to just the tip of him before guiding herself back down his hard shaft. The finger at her backside matched her rhythm with little in and out motions. The sensation was delightful and she felt like she was about to explode with pleasure! With her passion building, she began to rock against him harder, wanting the feel of him deep inside her. His hips met her every thrust while he continued to tease and please her with his hands. Her body was quivering and she was ready to cum. Just at that moment he plunged his finger deep inside her from behind and sent her body reeling with ecstasy. Wave upon wave of pleasure went crashing through her body, creating the most intense orgasm she had ever experienced. She could feel her juices escape her and flow onto his hard shaft. She was breathless as she felt his own body tightening with the anticipation of his own release. She felt his hot fluid fill her body as he ascended his own orgasm. Their juices were sticky and sweet as they melted together between their legs. He pulled her close to him, both of them spent from their love making. Finally she rolled off him and snuggled into his chest before drifting off into a content sleep, as they lay nestled together in each others arms.