 I was in my 20s and home from college for the summer. 

I'm not sure beautiful is the right word. She was my next-door neighbor, a suburban housewife with sassy short hair and curves just this side of chubby that just never stopped. She had these wonderfully full breasts and hips that I had fallen for. It was the summer and I had come back from college doing yard jobs. I wasn't necessarily looking for beautiful when willing and open would do. Besides the way she would wander around their pool and into our yard to ask for a favor from time to time in her bikini just did it for me.

She and her husband lived next door to us and when they were out of town they would as me to feed their cats and take care of their pool. Her husband stopped by one day and asked if I wanted a job taking care of their pool. Needless to say I didn't need to be asked twice.

I would go over without a shirt in the hopes of being seen. What I didn't know was how much she enjoyed watching me as I cleaned their pool.

One day it all came to a head.

I went over as usual to skim and scrub the pool, only this time Pat was there, lying on a lounger dressed in a bikini. I almost flipped. Looking back she was probably a few pounds over, but that was the beauty of it for me. To this day I still love a woman with curves. She looked up over her sun glasses and said hello. I asked if she wanted me to come back later but she just waved me over and said no. It was hot and I was beginning to sweat hard. At one point she said it was okay if I wanted to take my shirt off. At first I said I was fine, until she looked up again and told me it was okay to take my shirt off, in fact that it was crazy for me not to with all the heat.

So there I was in my shorts trying to clean as I sneaked peeks at her on that lounger in her bikini. Her breasts were spreading just out of her bikini and her hips pushing against the sides of her string bottom. At one point she turned over and she spread her legs further than before.

She asked me if I could put some lotion on her back. My already hard erection peeked from beneath my adidas shorts at the thought of it. I did my best to reposition myself as I wandered over and kneeled on the grass by her. I swear I could see her smirk as she gave me the lotion and rested her head on her arms. She began to ask me about the girls in school. I answered as best I could, far more interested in what was right there before me as I rubbed the lotion into her back. She began to shift, spreading her legs even further apart and asked me to get right around the top of her bikini bottoms so she wouldn't burn.

I was going out of my mind and she knew it as I was to find out later.

At one point my thigh brushed up against her hand. I could feel her fingers start to move until they touched my thigh again, tickling me, searching for my hardened cock. Her fingers roamed along the bottom of my shorts until they found the bulge of my cock.

I still thought it was an accident and froze. Hey, I was still in high school and she must have been in her 40s. I thought "this could not be happening," but it was. As her finger came upon my cock, she began to play with it, following its length. She started to slide her fingers along my shaft, occasionally touching and squeezing my balls and even touching that oh so sensitive spot just beneath them.

I had to open my legs a bit, which gave her greater access to my body. She was still facing down and I was still rubbing lotion over her body, but her hand was exploring my shaft and sac, then even further. I felt her fingertips as they lightly touched upon my asshole. I didn't know what was going on. I didn't want her to stop, but at the same time, my God, this was my neighbor.

She knew exactly what she was doing as the raised up on all fours without letting go of my cock. She raised up on all fours so that her top slid open and her breasts swung together. She spun her legs around and sat up. I was frozen. Looking back she knew I was a virgin, enjoying how my eyes looked down to her breasts.

"Like what you see?" She smiled at me as her hand reached down to my cock. "This will be our secret, okay?" I nodded eagerly. Not knowing where it was going, but loving it just the same.

She patted the seat beside her, "Come sit by me."

I did, my mind spinning.

She bent over and kissed my penis before taking me into her mouth. That was when I felt her fingers stroking my shaft before touching my balls. She sucked me deep into her mouth as her fingers massaged down to my ass. They expertly spread my cheeks as her third finger began to press into me. There was no penetration, just a massaging motion on that oh so delicate puckering of skin.

I could feel my own breath grow deeper and deeper as she spit on her finger and pressed it into me. I stood there, shocked as her finger entered me, but also enjoying what she was doing. It was beyond hot. She took her breasts fully out of her bikini top for me to see. Her own hands began to pull and massage her nipples as she bent me over and lowered my mouth to her tits.

As I bent further over I also exposed my ass to her probing finger. It just didn't stop. Her mouth sucked on my cock. Her finger slid into my ass and her hand pulled me to suck on her nipples.

She started to coo "That's right, suck on mommy's nipples." "How does my finger feel?" "Do you want mommy to suck you further?" "Do you want mommy to fuck you like a man?"

My answer to each was a quiet moan of "yes." The wonderful sensations went on until she had me begging for more. That was when she ordered me to go inside and wait for her. I didn't know what else to do but to follow her orders and wait on her bed and then the real fun began.

She came in and dropped her swimsuit at the door. She pulled my shorts off and began to work on my penis. "This is our secret, right? Just between you and me. Okay Jay?" I just nodded with my eyes wide open.

She moved around to position her pussy over my mouth and lips in the first 69 of my life. I didn't know what else to do but to follow her directions. I had never gone down on a woman before but was willing to follow her words and do whatever she wanted.

She continued to suck and stoke and finger me, stopping just before I came and squeezing my dick so I couldn't. I was beyond myself as I licked her lips and clit as best I could. She rose up and sat her ass back on my nose as I licked like crazy. Her hands continued to work my hardness and balls.

When she finally climbed on top of me and took my dick into her pussy, I was in heaven. She reached back and played with my ass and balls until I came in an explosion of cum which she then positioned over my mouth and fed to me, before climbing down from my shaft she kissed me long and deep and to share my cum that she had just fed me.

When it was all over she sat back and complimented me. She begin to talk to me about sex and how to please a woman. How to be open minded and to try things a woman wanted. She asked me if I was willing to do that. To which I nodded eagerly.

There were more days like this, when my pool cleaning turned into my being her willing student. And oh, how I cherished those days, even now remembering each and every one.

It was my sexual awakening and education all rolled into one.

She asked me to masturbate for her, to taste my own cum, to rim her and of course to eat her out on command. In turn she enjoyed rimming me, stroking me, playing with her pussy for me to watch. She answered my questions as I begin dating and was my confidante in return.

A woman I will never forget to this day.