 I'm an exotic dancer, a stripper, lap dancer, sexy temptress. My stage name is Eve. I'm 26 years old 5'10'', 34C-24-34, 120lbs. I'm tall, toned and sleek. I could run a marathon without breaking a sweat. Doing this job for 3 years and a strict diet and fitness routine has kept me in high demand at the club. During the day I'm a collage student finishing my degree in sports medicine.

I've met just about every type of man. I dance at an elite Vegas strip club. The clientele are wealthy and arrogant. They call themselves professionals. Doctors, lawyers, politicians, bankers, businessmen. I can tell their profession just by dancing for them and seeing how they behave. Politicians don't like to be looked in the eye. Bankers give lousy tips. I can spot a lawyer a mile away. Always in suits, always so sure of themselves. Usually arrogant and pretend like they're not interested, like they're just there for the drinks and to entertain their friends. They pay well because they believe that money is power, that people will do anything for their money. They're usually the ones that ask for 'favors' and slip really large tips to get the girls to go a bit further than they normally would. Men try their luck with me at every shift. The answer is no. I only dance. No favors or tricks. But that was about to change.

One night I was dancing for a guy. He was about fifteen years older than me, tall with dark eyes and very good looking. A lawyer for sure. He had that self assured look in his eyes, like he'd seen it all before, like he wasn't interested and he paid in $50 bills. For some strange reason I found myself very attracted to this guy. I felt a strong sexual urge to be with him that I've never felt for any other customer. I wanted to touch him, feel him, get closer to him. It didn't take long before I found myself crawling all over him. He had a great body, I could feel it through his business suit. I was so turned on by this guy. I got down on my knees, spread his legs apart and rubbed my hands over his firm manhood. I simulated licking it, sucking it, kissing it. I then sat on his lap and rubbed him between my butt cheeks. I was so hot for him. It had never happened before. I had never felt such lustful desires for a customer before. I would've laid on my back for him in a second.

I gave him the hottest lap-dance and cock grinding I have ever given a guy. I felt his hard cock against my pussy through my tiny silky panties. I wanted to take my panties off for him, to show him my wet, neatly trimmed pussy. But this wasn't that type of club, panties stayed on. The only glimpse he could get of my pussy was when I turned my back to him, spread my legs apart and bent down. By tugging on the triangular patch of fabric covering my sweet spot I could draw the g-string ridding between my butt cheeks up and in-between the lips of my vagina. I held that pose for a moment, then returned to an upright position, adjusted my panties and turned around to give him a sly smile. He could see I was into him, that I was enjoying him. He played it cool while I played it hot. He was such a tease. But three hundred dollars and 1 hour later, he decided it was time to go home. I was so horny I couldn't think straight.

A few weeks later he came back to the bar. I noticed him from a distance getting a dance from another girl. I walked over to them and joined her. He recognized me and smiled. Our eyes locked onto one another as I danced with the other girl for him. My clothes stayed on, she was with him first so she stripped down, passing her clothing items to me. As she began riding on his lap I left, slightly jealous. I could see this was torturing him. He wanted me. I wanted him. I watched them from a distance. He tipped her and she left. Now it was my turn. I walked up to him and without introducing myself, began dancing for him. Again I found myself wanting to screw him, to have him, to feel him inside me. The sexual tension and desire between us excited me. I could see he wanted more too yet he didn't ask for it. I appreciated that. I had a rule though. Do not date or sleep with a customer ever. But rules are meant to be broken and I would enjoy breaking this rule on him. When I was done dancing for him, I decided to ask him his name. I never ask them. I just politely thank them and move on. But this guy turned me on. I was sexually aroused by him.

He introduced himself as Brad and we chatted for a while. Guys in the club are not allowed to touch the girls and I could sense he wanted more. I certainly wanted more. I was afraid he wouldn't ask so I seductively asked what his plans were for the evening. I told him I felt like a night out to remember. He didn't have any plans and was just going to retire to his hotel room. I wanted him to retire inside me.

We carried on chatting, I danced for him and teased some more. He liked being teased and I enjoyed teasing, torturing him, rubbing my body up against him, my breasts and tight hard nipples against his chest, up to his face. My G-string on. If he wanted to see my pussy, he'd have to make the next move. I waved my tight butt in his face, caressed every inch of my body, kissed and licked my firm nipples and rubbed my wet pussy through my panties. To prove I was wet for him, I pressed my middle finger against the top of the silky triangular piece of fabric and pushed it down against my pussy so it parted the lips. I held my finger there to allow the fabric to absorb some of my juice. I slowly pulled my finger up, slid it over my silky panty, over my belly, between my breast, up my neck, over my chin and into my mouth. I locked onto his gaze and he followed my eyes as I looked down at the small wet patch on my silky blue triangular pussy patch.

He could see I was aroused. I was wet with desire. It had never happened before at the club, I had never felt horny dancing for a guy.

I could have danced for him all night. We were in a secluded spot in the club. I sat on his lap with my back against his chest. His hardness between my butt cheeks. Dirty, naughty thoughts filled my mind. I wanted to screw him in the club. I wanted to slip his cock into me. So close, so tempting. I'd heard of other girls doing it . There were girls that had screwed customers in the club and gotten away with it. It was against the club rules, I would be fired, the bouncers would beat him up for touching me. How much longer could I hold out for. I had to get off, to dance at a distance. He sat back and watched my yearning body move for him.

Suddenly he signaled for me to come closer and whispered that he'd like to show me a night out to remember. He took out a few $100 bills and his hotel card, folded the 2 together and slipped them into the side of my G-string. I didn't want his money. I took out the folded notes and put them into his trouser pocket, letting my hand wander to feel his rocket. It was ready for take-off and I was dying to ride it. He smiled and left.

I clocked out, took a shower and got ready to impress him again. I was about to have sex with a customer, something I swore I'd never do. My closet at the club was filled with very sexy outfits. I chose a deep red full length, deep V-neck halter dress. My perky 34C breasts tucked perfectly behind the drapes, breast-bone exposed, bare back and a slit on one side up to my thigh with a pair of black 8 inch heels of course. Elegant yet sexy. His hotel was across the road.

I opened the door to his suite. There he was, still in his suit. Champagne on ice, soft background music and lights dimmed. A perfect setting for what I wanted to do to him. Perfect because I would have taken him in an alley behind the club if he'd asked. 

He welcomed me and we enjoyed a drink together on the sofa. My long naked leg peering out of the dress, crossed over. He noticed that. He noticed my bear back, my nipples hard pointing against the silky fabric of my dress. We talked for a few minutes and when I looked up at him he was staring right into my eyes. Right about then I felt tiny electrical pulses through my body. I couldn't take my eyes off him.

He moved slowly towards me and started kissing me, like I've never been kissed before. His tongue entered my mouth and instantly I felt a tingling sensation all over my body. His hand touched my naked exposed thigh creating a wave of goose bumps all over my body. I turned over, straddled him and pushed my pelvis into his. I couldn't help grinding my pussy against his crotch as he caressed my bare back, my spine, my shoulder blades and my neck.

I got up, took him by the hand and walked him over to the arm-chair and sat him down. I leaned over him, my cleavage in his face. My hands reached down to slowly remove his belt and pull down his trousers, I peeled off his pants slowly to reveal what I was eager to see. I was thrilled to look down at his hard, twitching cock standing up to attention, begging to be kissed and caressed. 

I wrapped my fingers around his warm shaft, hard as steel. I slowly pumped it up and down, up and down. Gripping it tightly, I went for the head. I sucked and licked it. I curled my tongue around it then licked the shaft from the base to the tip of the head. Licking it with the tip of my tongue in long gentle strokes. It twitched with excitement. I wanted to devour it. Holding it by the base, I opened my mouth wide and lowered my head down until it was all the way into my mouth. Closing my lips on it, I sucked and twirled my tongue around it then moved my head slowly up and down, sliding his glorious shaft in and out, in and out, not letting the head out of my mouth, my lips sealed around it. I cupped his balls, caressed them, sucked each one gently and licked the shaft from the base all the way up to the tip and back down again. It deserved to be worshiped. After a while, he shoved me away so that he wouldn't come, I wanted to suck and lick some more but he kept me away. He wasn't ready yet. He wanted more of me. I needed more of him.

He stood up and I stood up to meet him. His cock against my dress. My clitoris aching to be against his naked cock.

I wanted him to rip my dress apart. To take me urgently but his gentle hands slipped between the folds of my halter dress, over my shoulders, untied the neck halter and let the dress drop into a puddle around my ankles. He held my hand as I stepped out of the dress, my naked body was all his. I wanted him to touch me all over.

He took my face in his hands and kissed me, running his hands through my hair. My nipples hardened as he caressed my breasts and took them in his mouth. When he stopped, I slowly unbuttoned his shirt and ran my hands over his chest and shoulders, dropping his shirt to the floor.

I was naked against him. He embraced me, his warm hands on my bare back. My breasts against his chest, his rock hard cock against my throbbing pelvis, my pussy wet in anticipation.

He peeled off my panties, kissing me down to my feet as he pulled the g-string down to the floor. Kneeling on the floor with his hands on my butt cheeks, I parted my legs in anticipation for what I'd hoped he would do next. He licked my between my legs, and inch away from my yearning yoni. Teasing me with small flicks of his tongue against my pussy lips. I reached down and parted my swollen lips for him. He slid his tongue into my pussy and as it slid out it licked my clit causing my legs to quiver. He licked and sucked and pressed his tongue deep into my pussy. Oh sweet ecstasy, he was fucking me with his tongue.

I could no longer stand and moved back to sit on the edge of the bed and then I lay back as he continued to devour me. This tongue knew how to please. Massaging my labia and clit using the flat of his tongue, Then flirtatiously flickering the tip around, then inside. I moaned with excitement as his tongue slipped in and out increasing in speed and luxury. I slung my hands aside, grasping at the bed sheets holding back my screams of self-indulgence. The experience was so erotic I could not hold back. I wailed and I writhed. Hot, steamy sweat dripping down my body. Now it was my turn to push him away, I was so close to coming on his face. My legs almost numb, my pussy in deep delight enjoying every tingle of the erotic buzz he created in me.

He picked me up and gently laid me down on my back on the bed. He started kissing me and slid his fingers into my wet pussy. He screwed me with his gentle fingers, gently rubbing my clitoris and reaching deep into my pussy with a come-hither motion, he stroked my g-spot. He touched spots inside me I never even knew existed. His skilful fingers excited me from inside. He continued for the longest time and as he caressed every inch of my pussy, I stroked him and rubbed his erect cock keeping him firm ready to enter me.

Finally the moment I had been waiting for had arrived. He grabbed a condom from the bedside table, ripped open the pack and rolled it over his long, erect cock. He then parted my legs and slid his gorgeous member into me. I lay back to enjoy the moment he began fucking me, slowly at first. I felt pure ecstasy with every gentle thrust. Heaven, but I began to yearn for more, I wanted it harder, deeper, a bit faster. I thrust my pelvis up against him.

"Fuck me Brad, oh fuck me with that cock." 

He kept a slow steady rhythm. Teasing me, torturing me. My legs felt weak I wrapped them around him pulling him closer, rubbing my clitoris against his pelvis. Feeling him slide in and out of me.

My body tingled from end to end. I dug my fingernails into his back as I moaned into his ear. He reacted and began thrusting harder and a bit faster.

"Oh yes Brad, yes... I've been fantasizing about this for weeks. Oh fuck yeah, this feels so good." 

I could feel him stiffening as he thrust harder, more of his hard cock into me. I wanted to scream. It felt so good. I was finally taken, my sexual urges finally satisfied.

My tits seemed to swell and my heels pressed hard against his ass, forcing him fully inside my tight gripping pussy. He sucked hard on one of my nipples as I quaked and writhed beneath him.

We rolled over, I pinned him down. 

"Brad, I need to be on top." 

I straddled him and grabbed his cock, shoving it urgently into my aching pussy. I rode him slowly, up and down, up and down. My hips back and forth, grinding my clit on his pubic bone and sliding him in and out of my hot molten pussy. I looked at his face, his eyes were clouded with pleasure and he held onto my hips pulling me down as he began to thrust up. And so we continued, his member deep inside me, my hand on my clit, his hand on my breast. I leaned back to feel his cock tight up against the soft wet walls of my pussy. He moaned as he held on. I could feel him swelling inside of me. He felt so big, so deep, so strong and all mine for a few moments on this hot erotic evening. Moments later, he pushed me aside.

"Eve, against the wall please"

I obeyed, I just wanted his cock inside me again. Anything to have a part of him inside my body. I turned around to face the wall, my breasts pressed up against the cold wall causing my nipples to harden. I spread my legs apart slightly, wondering what he would do next. I waited patiently. He approached me slowly, put his warm hands on my hips and slid his hard cock against my dripping wet pussy from behind. The tease as his cock slid back and forth against my swollen wet lips was electrifying. Then he guided his cock into my pussy and put one hand on my clit and his arm around my breasts, warm against my cold hard nipples.

"Please don't stop fucking me." I pleaded

"Oh Eve, it feels so good inside of you" he sighed as he began thrusting against me.

I pushed my hands against the wall, pushing my ass out against his thrusting pelvis. The harder I pushed out, the harder he fucked me. I bent over, pushing against the wall with my hands. The feelings were intense. 

"Eve, you're gorgeous. I'm in fucking heaven here."

"That makes two of us"

We both moaned with pleasure as he thrust his cock into me. His balls banging against the base of my ass. I wanted to sit on him, to sit on his member and feel it deep up inside me. 

"The chair Brad, please let me sit on your cock. I want to fuck you and face you"

He obliged after a few more thrusts. He took my hand and led me to the couch then sat down with his legs together, arms to his side and his cock pointing to the ceiling. I knelt over him with his legs in-between mine, my hands on his shoulders and slowly lowered myself onto him as he guided his cock into me. My legs felt weak and my body tingled from end to end. I dug my fingernails into his back as I moaned into his ear.

"Oh, yeah Brad, that cock feels like it's all the way up and it feels fucking amazing."

He felt so big, so deep, so strong and all mine for a few moments this evening. I began riding him. Rubbing my clit against his pelvis as his cock bobbed back and forth deep inside of me.

"Brad, this feels fucking great. My pussy loves that cock of yours."

This was my favorite position. I could control speed and depth as well as clit rubbing. We kissed as I rode him, he kissed my breasts when I leaned back slightly. I began feeling the tingles of an orgasm building up and I rode him harder. The tingles built up to pulses and then suddenly it filled me. 

"Oh Brad! Yeah, fuck yeah!"

The sensations of most intense orgasm I've ever had engulfed my entire body. I screamed out, and a moment later I could feel him shooting his load, coming deep inside of me. He penis throbbing and twitching inside me as my pussy clenched and released. He moaned then too as he held on I could feel him swelling inside of me, filling the condom with his warm sticky cum. 

We held each other, savoring the sweet weakness we were both feeling after our intense sexual energies had been released.

We lay there breathing heavily. Looking into each others eyes. I laid my head on his chest and wrapped my arms around him praying this wouldn't be the last time I would be with him. We laid there silently together for the longest time. Finally he looked into my eyes and said:

"Eve, that was amazing. You're incredible"

I smiled at him and gave him a soft kiss on the lips. He knew exactly what I wanted to hear. He closed his eyes. I lay there for a while as he slept. My face flushed, my pussy still dripping and slowly pulsing from the intense orgasm that had just swirled throughout my entire body.

I got up, got dressed, and walked back over to him to wake him for one last kiss. I stroked his hair and ran my hand across his chest. He awoke with a smile and stood up to kiss me. As we kissed, I moved my hand down and placed it on his cock. He was hard again and ready for another round. I would do anything to please this guy, so again I got down on my knees for him. I took every inch of him into my mouth, this time concentrating mostly on the head of his cock. Up and down, sucking hard on it, at the same time making sure my tongue was rubbing on his most sensitive spot.

He moaned and I kept going, at the same time looking up at his gorgeous face, watching him enjoy every move I made. Suddenly he whispered:

"You're unbelievable Eve, I'm about to cum already. Oh Eve, stop, stop!"

He tried to push my head away. How considerate of him.

"Say my name Brad, call out my name and cum for me." I instructed as I briefly took his cock out my mouth.

"Eve, Eve, fucking gorgeous, sexy Eve. Slow down Eve, slow down"

I continued sucking, slowly as instructed for a while. 

"Oh yeah Eve, that feels so good, yeah, nice and easy Eve, nice and easy."

Hearing my name being called out was such a turn-on. I couldn't help myself, I wanted him to cum, I wanted him to shout my name out louder. I wanted to feel his cock throbbing in my mouth as he came. Then I began sucking harder, pushing his cock in and out of my mouth faster, tightening my lips around his head, twirling my tongue around the head until he shuddered and came.
