 She walked into the Hungarian bookstore, where Mike was working, 5 minutes before it closed. She was wearing a short white skirt and a hot red shirt that accentuated her cleavage. "Hi," she said, her eyes resting on the blue-eyed brown-haired man behind the desk. He was lean, tall with an attractive young face. 

"Hi, can I help you? Are you looking for something specific?" She smiled seductively. 

"Well, I'm really interested in some specialized erotica. Do you have any in stock?"

He gulped as his cock jumped to attention. Was she kidding? "Um, maybe ... here let me see ..." He walked into a little nook, and she took the opportunity to lock the door without his notice. She followed him. He was running his fingers along the book spines, evidently looking for something he was sure was not there. Mike turned to tell her, and as he did, she stepped in closer, placing a cool hand on his arm. 

"Did you find it?" she asked in a husky whisper. He couldn't take his eyes off her hot red lips. 

"N-No, I don't think we have any in stock ..." 

"Are you sure?" She whispered disappointedly, moving her arm higher and her leg closer. Her leg was now right between his, and she could feel how hard he was. "I think you should really make sure to get some in stock." She said, pressing her chest into his for a second, before turning away. He followed her, and sat down on his chair. "Sorry. Is there maybe something else I can help you with?"

"Maybe." She walked deliberately around the desk. "I, uh, have a girlfriend." He said, almost defensively. She sat her round, half covered ass on his lap, and he gasped in surprise. He wanted to fuck this girl. She was such a tease. He thought his cock would explode from the delicious pressure of her bottom. She was getting off on this, on seducing him. Her pussy was radiating heat, and she ground it into his lap. She took his hands and placed them on her huge tits. 

"Play." She said softly as she continued to rub herself on him. 

"I can't fucking believe this" he amazed. 

She spun off him and mounted him so her tits were now pressed up to his face. "Believe it." She said, and ran her tongue along his bottom lip. His hands started wandering up her back, cupping her round ass as she rocked her hot body on his. 

He took a nipple in his mouth and flicked his tongue back and forth over it. She moaned and rocked harder, running her nails through his hair and down the back of his neck. Her hands were fumbling at his belt; she finally managed to get his pants open. She reached into his pants for her prize and found it to be just as hard and hot as she had been promised. She whipped it out and slipped off him in one motion. In the next, his hard cock was in her mouth. She slipped her mouth tightly down his dick until part of it was pushing down her throat and she heard him start to pant with pleasure.

She ran her tongue along the base and let it snake along the full length before she choked it down again. She kept her hands busy rolling around his balls. Playing with her hair, pressuring her head gently; he was trying to speed up the pace but she wasn't about to let him cum that easy. She teased his tip once more with her lips before she stood up. 

"Don't you want to see me?" she asked.

He nodded awestruck as she leaned past him and put some music on. She rubbed her tits together and swayed her hips so her skirt flashed just a glimpse of what was waiting beneath. If his dick could get any harder it would burst.

She rubbed her tits and opened her shirt so they were hanging free. She rolled her ass in a circle giving him all the best views. She turned around, her tits hanging free, and bent over. Only a thin black strip of cloth was covering her wet spot. When she shook her ass Mike couldn't stand it anymore. He stood up, dropped his pants, and forced her panties down. He placed his ready cock at the opening of her slit, and slowly eased his penis in. Her pussy was perfectly lubricated and tight around his dick. She leaned over the table shoving some books to the floor for more room. He backed up and pushed into her hard as she hissed in satisfaction.

"Fuck me. Fuck me. I want to feel it all the way in." He eased his cock into her tight hole and pumped in and out slowly. She had to suffer for all the teasing he had endured. Fuck she was hot he thought. He brought a hand between her legs and rubbed her clit as he fucked her. In and out, slowly at first, then faster picking up pace. She played with her tits, squeezing and pulling her nipples, as this hot stranger fucked her pussy dry. She moaned, every little bit of friction causing intense waves of ecstasy through her body.

"Yes, more, please, please..." she moaned, and he gave her what she wanted. He had one hand on her clit and the other squeezing on her full round tits. She was so good, he wanted to bust right then.

She was having none of it. "Wait. Wait. Sit down." He reluctantly stepped back sitting down in his original position. She stayed where she was bent over the desk with her ass high in the air. "Lick me." He swiveled his chair closer and grabbed her ass placing his lips over her streaming cunt. He teased her clit with his tongue, and she moaned enjoying his talent. One hand was stroking his penis, while the other fingered her. When his teeth nibbled on her clit she almost screamed it so felt amazing. 

"Again, again!" she panted, so close to cumming. He did it twice more and her body shuddered as she came hard. She turned and mounted him, letting her fluids bathe his hard cock. But she didn't let him enter her. She just rubbed her hot clit on his dick letting the friction turn him on even more. She rubbed her tits on his face as he played with them, licking and bouncing them until she couldn't take it anymore. She slid her body onto his dick, the tip and then, ever so slowly, the rest of him, until her ass was resting snugly on top of his balls. His cock felt so amazing inside of her, she almost came again. 

She rocked up and down on his lengthy shaft locking lips and teasing his finger with her teeth. Up and down, slowly, until he grabbed her ass and started bouncing it hard and fast on his dick. 

"Yes, yes!" She moaned, and he panted, trailing kisses along her neck. The friction between them was stimulating her clit and bringing her close to orgasm again. When He put a heavily lubed finger on her ass she exploded, tightening around his dick and making him double his pace and slide that finger farther inside. 

She bounced faster, intent on making him cum explosively inside her. They fucked hard and fast, her tits slick with sweat rubbing playfully on his face. He sucked on them as she rode him, wishing he could slide his dick between them.

What the hell was he wishing for, look at what was happening now! He tipped her off him onto the floor without ever leaving her wet and wanting cunt. He jackhammered her hard and she bucked to meet his needs, writhing beneath his body. He told her what he wanted and she smiled sexily. 

"Do what you wish to me." she said as he put his dick between her tits. 

"Ooh," She panted. "That feels so good, please don't stop." She squeezed her tits together and put her chin down, her pretty tongue sneaking to catch the precum as his dick slipped between her tits. Her nipples were rock hard; her hands trailed down to her wet pussy and she pulled on her clit as he slid his cock back and forth. Mike felt so good between those two beautiful mounds. He wanted to cum all over her. Now. 

Still, she was very demanding. "He, you're not done yet..." he looked at her, and she slid her body from beneath him. She dashed around the corner into the bathroom, and frustrated, Mike followed. She had hoisted herself up on the counter with the water running. 

"Now I want you to fuck me, fuck like you've never fucked before." She spread her legs wide, and wet her hand letting water sprinkle down her sweat soaked body. She pinched her nipples, and he rubbed his cock on her sopping cunt before slamming into her hard. She let cold water run down her front to splash down into her furiously working cunt. 

This was it. She wasn't getting out of it this time, he thought. He was going to fill her with his cum, make her collapse beneath his cock.

He missed, and his cock slammed into her ass instead. But he heard no scream of pain. She ground her ass against his cock and told him to fuck her harder. "Harder, harder, I can't fucking believe how good this feels." She rubbed her clit hard, her insides starting to tighten, and her ass almost too tight on his large dick. 

"Cum on me, cum on me!" she moaned, fucking her fingers into her pussy as he fucked her ass. "Yes, yes" she moaned, cupping his balls and rubbing until he came all over her front. His cum covered her sexy bouncy tits in one long hard stream. 

"Thanks for helping out a customer." she said slyly, cleaning up and putting herself back into the sexy package she was. She was quickly out the door leaving him completely spent, two hours past closing.