 I awoke early the next morning to the bright summer sun shining on my face and I wondered if the events from the previous night had all been a dream, until I looked over and saw him lying there, sleeping peacefully...God he was beautiful. 

I got out of bed and showered quickly, ran a comb through my damp hair and pulled it into a loose bun, dressed in sweat pants and a t-shirt and went into the kitchen to start a pot of coffee. I heard him get up and go into the bathroom. He came out about 30 minutes later, wet from his shower, a towel wrapped around his waste. He walked up behind me and wrapped his arms around me and pressed his freshly shaven face against mine, water droplets from his shoulder-length hair dripping onto my forehead.

"Good Morning," he said as his lips grazed my cheek and he released me from his embrace.

"Good Morning...Coffee?"

"That would be great."

As I poured him a cup, I repressed my urge to bring up the events from the previous night; I knew that we would have to talk about them eventually but not in the afterglow of the most perfect night of my life. 

"You know you really should get dressed, the car will be here to take us to the set in 30 minutes," I said as I handed him his cup of coffee.

"You're right."

The ride to the set that morning was silent for the most part other than a little mindless chatter between Cristian and the driver about how nice the weather was and things of that nature. When we arrived at the set we parted ways as I went over to hair and makeup and he went to wardrobe. As I sat in the makeup chair, another of our co-stars, Oliver, came over and sat in the chair next to me, we exchanged pleasantries and had a little chat as we did every morning. Oliver played my husband in the movie, Christian my lover, little did I know at that time how true that scenario would play out in the coming years. 

Oliver was very handsome as well, he was British and stood 6 feet tall, shoulder length chocolate brown hair, with mocha colored eyes, a neatly trimmed goatee, and he was in great shape. He was probably one of the nicest people I had ever met; he was just so caring and thoughtful all the time. It was common knowledge around the set that Oliver was quite smitten with me, but at the time I was head over heels for Cristian and to young and naïve to realize that he would never leave his family for me no matter how much he loved me. 

Over the next few weeks my life followed pretty much the exact same pattern. Cristian and I would arrive on set at around 6 am, we would finish shooting around 7pm, sometimes later sometime earlier depending on the days shooting schedule. Cristian and I would return to my room, shower, order room service and end our evening by making love late into the night. I felt like my life was perfect. I was so in love and even though he never said it, I felt sure that Cristian would leave his girlfriend for me at the end of filming. 

Our final day of shooting came all too soon. It was a crisp September day and Cristian was acting unusually cold to me that day. When filming wrapped, Cristian told me that he would see me at the wrap party that night and I returned to my room to get dressed.

I arrived at the party that night wearing a flowing royal blue dress that was belted at the waste and really showed off my ample cleavage, my hair was styled down with loose curls, and my makeup was perfect. I walked into the room; I immediately spotted Cristian and my heart broke into a million pieces. He saw me and looked at me with pain in his eyes. His girlfriend, Vanessa, sat beside him and it was in that moment that I realized that he was never going to leave her and their two children for me.

I quickly pulled myself together, I was an actress after all, and quickly made my way around the room exchanging pleasantries. I then found the bar, took my seat and started doing shots of tequila. 

After about an hour, Oliver came over and joined me the bar; apparently he was the only one who had been able to see through my act. 

"How are you, Natalie?"

"Fine, Ollie, thanks for asking."

"No your not, I can tell."

"Ok, so I'm not fine...what difference does it make?"

"It makes a difference to me."

"Well, let's just say that that something I thought to be true wasn't."

"Yeah, I saw that Cristian brought Vanessa with him tonight."

"What are you talking about?"

"Oh come on, Natalie, did you seriously think it was a secret? Everyone knows....even Vanessa knows."

"But how?"

"Well you two weren't exactly trying very hard to hide it."

"I guess you're right...I just feel like such a fool."

"You're not a fool Natalie, it happens to the best of us....and just between you and me any guy would be lucky to have you."

That night when I looked into Oliver's eyes I felt a spark that I had never felt for him before, I knew that he was in love with me and that he would treat me the way that I longed to be treated, but I just felt like he deserved better.

Oliver and I spent the rest of the party at the bar drinking and by the time the party was over we were both very drunk. He offered to walk me back to my room, I accepted and he put his arm around me and I leaned into him for support. 

We arrived at my room and he took my card to unlock the door, as I tried to lean on the wall for support I slipped and ended up falling flat on my face. We were both laughing hysterically as he helped me to my feet. We looked deep into each others eyes as he brushed my hair from my face and leaned in to kiss me. Our kissing soon became more passionate and before I knew it we were laying on my bed in each others arms. 

He kissed my forehead, both of my eyes, my nose, both cheeks, back to my lips, then my chin, and then my neck. He unzipped my dress and gently pulled down the straps revealing my bare breasts. He began to lick, kiss, suck and nibble at my breasts leaving no part untouched. I placed my hands on the back of his head and pushed him into my breasts as he found my nipples and began to suck them. After showing equal attention to both nipples he moved down my body and pulled my dress the rest of the way down. 

He passed over my burning pussy and removed my shoes and started to kiss my toes and feet. He then kissed his way up my right leg and then went back to show the same attention to my left leg. He licked, sucked and nibbled on my inner thigh before finally removing my thong. 

He placed a gentle kiss on my freshly shaven pussy and started to gently lick up and down my swollen lips. He then sucked each lip into his mouth and nibbled on them gently. His teasing was unbearable to me, my desire had grown to the point that I felt as if though I would explode if he didn't relieve me soon. Realizing my desperation, he gently spread my lips and found my swollen clit. He had only been sucking my clit a few minutes when I exploded in his mouth. 

He crawled back up and lay on top of me and we kissed as I recovered from my orgasm. As soon as I recovered I got up and started to remove his clothing. I kissed his lips and then kissed my way down his body until I reached his cock. I started by gently swirling my tongue around the head of his cock. I licked my way down his shaft until I reached his balls and I stopped to suck his balls into my mouth. I then licked my way back up the shaft and sucked just the head of his cock into my mouth as I stroked his shaft with my hand. When I felt that I had teased him long enough I took his whole cock into my mouth and as deep into my throat as I could. I bobbed my head up and down until he stopped me. 

I was positioned on all fours on the bed and he positioned himself behind me. He started rubbing his hard cock in my wet slit teasing me again. He finally gently pushed his swollen head into my pussy. Slowly he eased the rest of his cock into my pussy. He was very thick and it was painful at first so he remained still for a moment while I got used to the size. The pain soon turned to pleasure as he began to pump his cock in and out of my pussy. He started slowly and gradually picked up the pace until he was pounding my pussy and I was screaming in pleasure. He reached around and rubbed my clit while he pounded my pussy and I began to feel the tension building in my stomach and I new that my second orgasm was close. He started fucking me faster and I knew that he was close as well. I started to match his thrusts and soon he was grunting as he filled my pussy with his hot cum, sending me over the edge.

I fell onto my stomach and he lay on top of me with his cock still buried in my pussy for a few minutes while we both recovered. He then rolled off of me and came and lay beside of me. I rolled over on my side and he put his arm around me and cuddled up next to me. He was soon fast asleep and as I lay there drifting off into my own peaceful slumber I was more confused than ever. 

TO BE CONTINUED...