 I have spent most of my adult life, more than 25 years, trying to seduce beautiful women. As the years have progressed, I have become more and more successful. This is due primarily to the experience I developed along the way and the implementation of an approach towards women that treats them with courtesy and respect while uncovering their true sexual nature.

Through these many sexual experiences over the years, I now concentrate my attention exclusively on married women. I have found that married women are more mature, experienced and make better lovers than either single or divorced women. Many times divorced and single women have personal issues that get in the way of a purely sexual relationship. Many of them are looking for a relationship in addition to sex. This is not always the case but it happens often. Because of this, I usually shy away from single or divorced women when it comes to my seduction efforts.

Having said that, I must admit that, for some inexplicable reason, I am completely turned on and have an overwhelming desire to fuck another man's wife. All women excite me but the ultimate turn-on for me is to find a beautiful married woman who loves to fuck, develop a very good friendship with her, and then to get her into bed. 

My lust for married women has no limits or boundaries. At various times in my life, I have fucked my best friend's wife, my boss's wife, my brother-in-law's wife, my co-worker's wife, my cousin's wife, my uncle's wife and my wife's married sister. And that's only a very few of the many married women I have taken to bed over the past 25 years. 

I am not an Adonis by any means but many women do find me attractive. I have black (salt and pepper) hair and brown eyes. Even at age 48, there are still times when I see a woman's head turning when she walks by me. I am very shy by nature and I think women like that about me. They feel comfortable with me because I am not bold or abrasive and I have a good sense of humor.

I take a realistic approach when I find a woman that I am attracted to. My number one rule is not to waste my time on a woman who I know will not be receptive to me. There are so many women who are beautiful but turn their noses up when it comes to sex. These women usually enjoy sex but they don't love it. How do I know when this is the case? I don't really. I just use my instinct and try to pick up signs here and there. Mainly, I just rely on my experience. 

A second very important rule I have with women is to be patient. If I find a woman I am interested in, I make an effort to get to know her and allow her to get to know me. I never force things. In one case, it took 10 years of seduction efforts before I was able to get the object of my desire into bed. The woman was my sister-in-law and she was well worth the wait. Can you imagine how good the fucking was after waiting, longing and fantasizing for 10 years?

I have never taken the direct approach for two reasons. First, it seldom works. Second, and this is a personal preference with me, there is so much more much pleasure for me when I make love to a woman with whom I've developed a friendship. Most men can make love to a stranger without qualms and I'm not saying I can't. But it's not my preference because I need that bond with a woman that only comes with friendship. Despite popular belief, I believe that a man and woman who are friends can have a dynamic sexual relationship. From my experience, the sexual chemistry between us intensifies as our level of closeness increases.

Sexually, I love women with big, beautiful asses. Nothing turns me on more than a beautiful woman with a great ass, hips and thighs. I am especially attracted to women with great lower bodies who have that dynamic wiggle when they walk. Seeing a beautiful body in motion always gets my attention, especially when eyes that have that "fuck me" look accompany the body. 

While I love every aspect of fucking, the biggest pleasure in sex for me is eating a woman's pussy. I love it all: the taste, the smell, the licking, the sucking, and the feeling of total exhilaration that I get knowing that I am giving a beautiful woman pleasure. There is no greater moment in life for me than when a beautiful sex-starved woman explodes in orgasm while I'm eating her.

I have had many dynamic sexual experiences over the years, some that continue to this day. But perhaps my most memorable seduction was my most recent. It started about two years ago, after my wife and I became very good friends with Dan and Jamie, a couple we met at the neighborhood ballpark. The first meeting and eventual friendship led me to try to seduce Jamie, one of the most beautiful and sexiest women I have ever seen in my life.

I didn't meet Jamie until almost two months after the first time I saw her. I was coaching a girls' softball team and she was the wife of one of the coaches on an opposing team. I remember seeing her the first time we played that team but I don't remember anything special about her. To me, she was just anther mother in the stands watching the game.

I first met Jamie late in the season when we played her daughter's team for the second time. My team won a close, hard-fought game and I was discussing the game with Dan, the opposing coach. While we were talking, a beautiful woman walked up and stood right next to us. I didn't know who she was but I immediately lost my train of thought while talking to Dan. After a minute or two, Dan realized that the woman was standing there and introduced me to her. It was Jamie, his wife. I shook her hand and said, "Hello Jamie, I'm Joseph." 

Our eyes met for the first time. The first thing I noticed was that she had beautiful, radiant green eyes, a color you don't see often. She had brown, teased hair and she wore heavy makeup. It was also impossible not to notice the shorts she had on. They were white, extremely tight and extremely short. What made it more remarkable was that Jamie had incredible, fully developed thighs. She also had one of those dark tans that women get today by spending hours in the tanning booth and this only accented the beauty of her legs. Jamie had to be in her late 30s or early 40s but, to be honest, she was dressed like a 22-year-old whore.

I had a long conversation with Dan and Jamie and realized that we had a lot in common. The talk was mainly about softball, our kids going to the same school and mutual friends. After we shook hands and said our goodbyes, I started to walk away but was stopped dead in my tracks. Just as I was starting to turn away, I noticed Jamie walking away. It was the most incredible sight I had ever seen, those short, tight shorts trying to hide her spectacular, huge, well-rounded ass.

Needless to say, it was tough trying to get that image out of my mind. She had those tanned, muscular legs and thick, sexy thighs. And that ass. I started having dreams about that ass.

We didn't play Dan's team until nearly a month later so I didn't get to see Jamie for a while. I thought about her less but my thoughts about her picked up again as game time neared.

Before the game I spotted her quickly. I was in front of the third base dugout but I could see her in the first base bleachers. Again she had on very short shorts. She had on a white, extremely tight top that accentuated her deep, dark tan. She was definitely a very beautiful woman, the kind that men lust after.

Dan and I had gotten along well since we first met and I had a brief talk with him before the game. I told him that I would talk to him after the game.

After the game, which Dan's team won, I met Dan and Jamie behind the bleachers as I was walking out. We talked a good while but I will admit that it was hard taking my eyes off Jamie. I'm sure she noticed but then again I was sure she had to be used to getting a little extra attention. We eventually moved over to the bleachers and sat down. I sat on the first row and Dan and Jamie sat on the third row above me. Jamie's spectacular thighs and legs were only a few feet from me. When she sat down, and before she crossed her legs, I caught a quick peek deep between her legs. Her shorts were so tight and short that they clung to her pussy and thighs. I couldn't tell whether she had on any panties but I could almost see the outline of her pussy. It was an extraordinary sight.

We talked for a long time, with Dan and I doing most of the talking. Jamie didn't say much but when she did I fell in love with her voice. She had that deep, husky, throaty voice that was very, very sexy. It only added to her already dynamic package. 

Both Dan and Jamie were very personable and we all enjoyed the conversation. We soon said our goodbyes and I admit to having a tinge of sadness with the thought that I might not see Jamie for a long time.

May mind, of course, began to work overtime. How could I get to know this woman even better and would it be possible at some point for me to make the ultimate proposal to her? I thought about what little I knew about Jamie and whether she would be the type of woman who would be receptive to having an affair. Even though I did not know her well enough to make a definitive judgment, my instincts told me that Jamie loved sex, loved to fuck and probably was not exclusive to her husband. Of course, I realized that this may be just wishful thinking on my part.

But there were some good signs. First, the way she dressed told me that she liked to draw attention to herself. I knew from experience, however, that many women dressed this way as an ego boost for themselves. I have found that many women like to put on the "fuck me" attire to ensure that they draw the attention of men. This makes them feel very good about themselves and it is an ego boost when men proposition them. But they always politely say no. Was Jamie one of these women? Possibly, but I was hoping against hope that she wasn't. 

Another positive sign from Jamie was the look in her eyes. When she looked at me with those beautiful green eyes, they seemed to bore a hole in me. There was a certain shyness but she always seemed to have a sly smile when she looked at me. Or, again, was this just wishful thinking on my part? The bottom line was that I didn't know Jamie well enough at this point to make a definitive judgment. But I made up my mind that I would do my best to get to know her better to see where things might lead. This woman had the type of ass that I would move mountains to eat and that was all the incentive I needed to try to seduce her. 

After softball season ended in July, I didn't see Jamie again until that fall. I ran into her twice at the junior high school where our children attended. She looked absolutely mesmerizing both times that I saw her. Even fully clothed, Jamie exuded sex. I went out of my way to go up and talk to her on both those occasions. As she had been when we had briefly talked during the summer, Jamie exhibited a great personality and she was very articulate. She was very outgoing and a very good conversationalist. We talked about everyday topics: work, the trials and tribulations of parenthood and other family matters. She showed a very good sense of humor while describing her everyday stressful situations.

Each time I saw Jamie it would renew my fantasies about her. I dreamed of being between her thighs and seeing how far I could get my tongue into her pussy. I dreamed of her sitting on my face, me eating every inch of her thick, massive ass. Thinking about fucking this woman kept me awake on more than a few nights.

I saw Jamie a few more times during the next few months but never was able to get into a one-on-one conversation with her. I really had begun to doubt whether our paths would ever cross enough for me to develop a real friendship with her. My thinking changed, however, when fate stepped in on a cold and dreary day that next Spring. It happened when I went to our neighborhood park to sign my daughters up for softball. 

While I was there, I saw Dan drive up. After he signed his daughter up to play, we started talking about the upcoming season and about coaching. We had a great talk and it suddenly dawned on us that it would be a great idea to join forces and coach a team together. I loved the idea because Dan was one of the best coaches in the league and his daughter was one of the best players. With our two daughters, we would have the start of a very strong team. But secretly, deep down in my inner thoughts, I was thinking of Jamie. This would be a great opportunity for me to get to know her better. At worst, I would get to look at her every day at practice and at the games. The thought of that alone gave me a thrill.

Each head coach in our league was allowed to designate one assistant coach and we agreed that I would be the head coach and put Dan down as the assistant. It couldn't have worked out better. We not only had a great team, but Dan and I became very good friends. We were both athletic and loved sports and we also were about the same age and had similar backgrounds.

That summer my wife Jane and I developed a very good friendship with both Dan and Jamie. We spent a lot of time together, going out to eat and having cookouts whenever we got the chance. We had some good times. But the best part of it for me was being able to spend so much time with Jamie. She was the type of woman that seemed to get better looking every time you saw her. Since we spent so much time together that summer, I was able to really develop my relationship with her and we became pretty good friends. I did a lot of joking around with her but I never said anything forward to her. I desperately wanted to but bided my time until felt the time was right.

The more I got to know Jamie the more I believed I had a real chance to seduce her. I still had no definitive clue. It was a just a feeling. Maybe more hope than anything else at that point. The one thing that kept me focused on my goal was Jamie's absolutely amazing beauty. When we would sit out on the deck that summer, I would try to make sure I sat directly across from Jamie. Watching her tanned, muscular legs when she crossed and uncrossed them took my breath away. 

Everything about Jamie was gorgeous and sexy but her ass always got me instantly excited. I used to love to watch her walk away just to see that ass in motion. It was big, beautiful and luscious. I remember one day Dan playfully came up behind Jamie with a softball bat. He then swung the bat, tapping Jamie's ass lightly. While Dan laughed, I had a different reaction. My mouth flew open when I saw that ass jiggling from Dan's tap with the bat. I got so excited that I had to turn and walk away to keep everyone from seeing the obvious.

After the season was over, Dan and Jamie invited my wife and I over for a Saturday night cookout. With school starting in a few weeks, I knew this might be the last time for me to see Jamie for a long time. I made up my mind that I had to say something to her. That is, if I could get her alone long enough to do so.

The night was a good one. There was good food, good conversation and plenty of beer and liquor. Late in the evening, Dan got a phone call and had to go in to work to take care of an emergency. My wife, who had a little too much to drink, went inside and fell asleep on the couch. That left Jamie and me on the deck alone. With my inhibitions lessened by the beer and the mesmerizing sight of Jamie, I knew this was my opportunity.

We were having a great conversation, talking about dreams and what we really wanted out of life. Finally, out of the blue, I said, "Jamie, you know that I'm attracted to you, don't you?" 

"No, I didn't know that," she said.

"I hope you consider that a compliment," I said. "You may be the most beautiful woman I have ever seen."

She dropped her head and didn't look at me. "Well, thank you," she said. "I am flattered."

I told Jamie that I hoped she didn't think of me as a bad person because of what I said. "I just felt that I had to say it," I told her. "I want you to know that I have enjoyed getting to know you and talking to you. You just don't know how much I need to have someone to talk to right now. Would you mind if I called you or e-mailed you sometime just to talk?"

Jamie replied, "I don't think bad of you for saying that. I understand. You know, we all have a side of us that we don't show to the world. There are times, though, that we do show it. We all have a dark side. You can call me any time. I enjoy talking to you too."

At that point, my wife came out and said it was time to go home. We said our goodbyes and I gave Jamie a goodbye hug. Before we broke apart, she squeezed me a little tighter. Was this a message or was this just my imagination running wild?

From that night forward, Jamie and I began sharing e-mails and occasional phone calls. I guess you would say that we became confidantes, sharing each other's personal thoughts, both good and bad. I would occasionally comment on Jamie's beauty in my e-mails but she never gave any indication in her replies that she would be willing to take our relationship beyond friendship.

I did learn some intimate things about her. In one of my complaining e-mails, I told her that my wife refused to wear sexy lingerie, even though she knew that lingerie was my biggest turn-on. Jamie replied that she loved to wear lingerie. "I like to show my trashy side," she said. "My friends kid me about it but I absolutely love to dress up in that stuff. It keeps life exciting. I know some people, especially women, think something's wrong with me because of the way I dress. Hey, I don't care. It makes me feel good and I'm going to try to look good for as long as I can. My theory is that if you've got it, show it (ha, ha)."

As we became more and more comfortable with each other, Jamie and I began talking about our marriage situations, the ups and the downs. She said that she and Dan had a good marriage but that it didn't have the magic that it used to have. "Sometimes I think we're just supposed to end up with a certain person and make the best of it," she said. 

The continuous e-mails and phone calls brought Jamie and I closer and closer together, at least as friends. My seduction efforts had led me to a real friendship that was better than I ever thought it would be. The closeness of the friendship just enhanced my desire for this woman if that was possible. It was no longer just a sexual attraction. I had come to like her a lot as a person as well and I wanted her desperately.

It was after about six months of e-mailing and talking to Jamie that I realized that I could wait no longer. I had to find out one way or the other whether Jamie and I would consummate our friendship with sex. I realized that I was taking a chance because I was not totally sure what her answer would be. But I was ready and I was hoping that she was also.

I decided to roll the dice. I spent two days crafting an e-mail that I hoped would state my feelings while at the same time influencing her eventual decision whether to make love to me.

I said,

"Hello Jamie,

"I send you this e-mail today to express my true feelings to you as a woman that I have come to know and respect on a very personal level. What I say here is from the heart and I hope it fully conveys how much I have come to appreciate your friendship.

"The bottom line, Jamie, is that I want to propose that you and I expand our friendship to include a physical relationship. Yes, I want to make love to you. I am at a stage in my life where I desperately need to physically connect with another human being. And I want that person to be you. I want it to be you for several reasons. 

"One, I believe we've become friends and two, I believe we seem to share a lot of the same concerns, fears, problems, etc., whatever you want to call it. Yes, I am physically attracted to you. Even more than that, I am desperate to make love to you. But that attraction comes not just from the physical alone. There is no way I could propose this with a stranger or with someone who I don't know very well. That is why it has to be you. We are friends and we would both go into it knowing the nature of the relationship.
