 Inside the car, Jane inhaled his male scent as she cuddled affectionately in the warm arms of her lover; her glassy eyes gazed at his handsome face. She replayed in her dreamlike state of mind how her life had changed. It was about a month ago, she was a happy-go-lucky Sheriff's Deputy, counting her days in a small town she called home.

~*~ ~O~ ~*~

Chapter 1 - Despair

A month ago...

David Cunningham and Linda Vanier Cunningham departed Cancun, Mexico on Continental Flight 765/47 at 3.15pm. They were coming back from their week long, blissful honeymoon. After the brief stopover in Houston, Texas, seated beside him, in the First Class section, she firmly held his arm, her head lay softly next to his and whispered, "Darling, I've something to tell you." She had the blissful look of love on her face. Her dreamy eyes looked up at his face and her heart skipped a beat, impatiently waiting for his expected query.

Turning his head, he gazed at her smiling face and spoke softly, "since you were whispering, it must be great news. Go on, tell me."

"I'm pregnant!" she gleefully told him, holding his arm ever tighter.

"I was hoping you'd say that. At least my 'bullets' didn't go to waste!" he chuckled.

She gave him a playful punch on his shoulder, kissed his cheek and cuddled next to him.

David gently stroked her belly, tacitly letting her know he wanted a child. He smiled at her, rested his head back on the broad and comfortable airline seat, closed his eyes and began to dream of the time he would spend playing with his kid.

~*~

Two days later...

They were walking past an armoured van on their way to lunch. She started to fall, as though she was tripping over a step. He caught her with his strong arms before she could hit the ground. He saw a small hole, behind her head, spurting blood, coating her dark brown hair, and thought nothing more - that someone had threw a stone at her. He was horrified when he turned her around and saw that half her face wasn't there anymore. A hollowed bullet had forced its way thought her skull from behind and exited, taking part of her face.

Ten feet behind them, a police officer took a hit on his shoulder and fell onto the ground, groaning. Blood spurted from the wound, and the dark red wet spot on the ground grew bigger with time. Five feet from the wounded officer, another officer was crouching behind a pillar, hiding from the robbers, fear painted on his face. He had an automatic pistol in his shivering right hand and his other hand was pressed against the pillar.

The robbers made a quick getaway. The time it took for the first shot to crack in the air to the time they disappeared from view was only 20 seconds. During those few seconds, two lives were extinguished: David's wife and her unborn child.

Three days later, Linda was buried.

David was shattered! Unable to understand why he was cursed, he stayed in his room most of the time after the funeral, and only came out to eat sandwiches and milk. His parents came and stayed with him in his moment of grief. Most of his meals were prepared by his mother. He didn't even bother to shave or take a bath. His friends and close family members came to visit him and advised him to either go for a vacation, or, go back to work. He took the first option because he didn't want to see the sympathy glances on the faces of his colleagues.

~*~

Current period, around 7.30pm, somewhere in Oregon...

David was having a hard time driving along the unfamiliar, winding, unpaved road. The headlights from his Cherokee eerily illuminated the woods lining the path. He strained his eyes, trying to steer the vehicle on course. He was on his way to the cabin he booked for his getaway and almost got lost. He really wanted to be isolated in the woods where he could spend time alone, pondering what he wanted to do for the rest of his life.

He finally reached his destination and parked the car on a clearing in front of the cabin. Without switching off the car's headlights, he got out and walked to the door. He fished out a bunch of keys passed to him by the broker from his trouser pocket and unlocked the heavy wooden door. He fumbled around for the light switch, found it and clicked it. He surveyed the interior and was satisfied that it had all the comforts needed for his one week's stay. He unpacked and began to settle in.

The following day, he took a leisurely walk around the woods surrounding the cabin. After an hour of strolling, he went back to the cabin and inspected the elaborate solar panel arrays on the cabin roof and the mini-wind-driven generator, both providing the electricity for the cabin. He also inspected the water collection system and the sewage system. 'The owner must be a very Environmental Friendly person,'  he mused.

He sat down on the big bumper of the Cherokee, leaned against the radiator grill and closed his eyes. His mind was still unclear of his future. Wanting to do something to get his mind away from the loss of his wife, he decided check out the small town of Junkerville. The broker had mentioned the nearest town to him when he booked the place.

Junkerville only had one road: the main road. Ten small buildings lined each side of the road. Junkerville catered to the lumber industry that surrounded it. David saw a diner and went in. Inside, only two of the dozen tables were occupied. The patrons and the two waitresses became silent and stared at him when he walked in. He looked like a bum. His hair was uncombed, his face unshaved for more than two weeks and his shirt hung over his pants.

David sat at a table at the end of the hall. He didn't want company and neither did he want attention.

A dark hair waitress came to take his order. She didn't smile. Instead she had a look of revulsion on her face. Not looking up at her face, he ordered a beer. When his beer came, he gave her a Benjamin Franklin and told her to keep a running tab. Surprised he had the money, she took it and slipped it into the big pocket on her apron.

By 7pm, more than four dozen beer bottles lined his table. With no solid food in his stomach, he was totally drunk! No one talked to him nor approached him except the Sheriff and two big men who looked like WWF wrestlers.

~*~

When he woke up, he was dizzy and his head felt heavy. He saw that he was in a cell with black metal bars running vertically and horizontally around two sides and the other two sides were red brick walls. He was in the local jail.

Through hazy eyes, he saw a pretty face staring at him. He thought he saw his wife, Linda, and called out to her. She didn't answer. She faded from his view as he slipped back to sleep.

The Sheriff had gone through his pocket and found that he had more than $1000 in his wallet. Suspecting something amiss, he checked David out through the Police Net and he got the information he wanted.

~*~

Chapter 2 - Act of Pity or Was It Lust?

David came out from his drunken slumber a couple of times during the day. At 3pm, Sheriff McCalister had enough of David and asked the two big guys to take him to the bath room and hosed him down. They held him down while his Deputy, Jane, scrubbed him with a brush and soap. Next, they strapped him on a chair; one of them held his head and the local barber carefully shaved away his beard, exposing a handsome face.

The Sheriff scrutinized him and looked at the picture on the driving license. Satisfied that the driving license belonged to him, he threw him back into jail. The two big guys and the barber left the premises.

David went in and out of consciousness as the alcohol level in his body slowly diminished. It was 8pm when David could see and think clearly. He stood up but felt a bit wobbly. He could hear the rain pouring heavily outside the jail. Bright flashes of lightning and heavy sound of thunder could be heard in the distance. He saw a female officer by a desk staring at him. He staggered to the grilled metal door.

"I WANT TO KNOW WHY I'M IN HERE," David shouted.

Deputy Jane walked to him, stopping six feet from him. She smirked and crossed her arms. "You were drunk! When you are sober enough, I'll let you out."

"In that case you can let me out. I'm OK now." David mumbled as he combed his hair with his fingers.

"I think you better eat first. I'll get you something. In the meantime, you sit in your bunk and be a good boy."

She went to the fridge and took out a pile of sandwiches. From a coffee percolator, she poured the contents of the pot into a metal cup. A moment later, she passed the food and coffee through a rectangular hole on the door to his cell.

He greedily took it. Realizing that this was his only solid food since he left the cabin yesterday, he ravenously finished the sandwiches and coffee.

"Where do you want me to put this plate and cup?" David extended his arm, holding the empty metal plate and cup through the metal bars.

Swaying her hips as she walked to him, she quickly snatched them.

"By the way, you are handsome and have quite a big pecker." She stared at him, giggled and walked away.

He was stunned! He became aware that he had lost his beard and was not wearing the clothes he wore when he came into the town. He looked at her, admiring her shapely body under the police uniform.

She was a natural red-head with green eyes, a sweet face, slim body, and was about 5' 4" tall with probably a size 31C bra. He guessed she was around 25 years old at the most.

Jane felt he was staring at her as she walked away from him. She turned and saw him admiring her.

Quickly, he turned away and sat on the bunk.

The daily routine and boring job of waiting in the police station got to the naughty side of her. She smiled. "You looked like you want to undress me! Are you horny?"

The radio at her belt and on her desks started to crackle. "Jane. Are you there?"

She quickly clutched her two-way radio and depressed the transmit button. "Yes boss! Over."

"I've got to go to the dam. I've already evacuated the town to higher grounds. Get ready to release the prisoner when I give you the word to go. Do you copy?" The Sheriff's voice sounded strained.

"I copy. How bad is it? Over."

"Looks bad! A team of engineers from the lumber company are already here and they said we don't have much time, probably 3 hours max!"

"I copy! Over and out." Jane spoke into the radio and placed it back into its holder at her belt.

Unfazed by the possible danger looming over them, Deputy Jane returned her gaze to David, crossed her arms and decided to tease him further. "You men are all the same. You looked at women as though they are a piece of meat that you can just play around. You try to get into their pants whenever you have the opportunity. Well lucky me! I am the LAW! You won't get any from me!"

Jane strode off to her desk. She took up a magazine but peeped over the top of it, looking at the effects her statements made on him.

Since her husband died a year ago, no one had dated her. None of the locals dared. They knew she was the ward of the Sheriff. Seeing a handsome, tall, strong man inside her jail made her a bit horny. She had the power to taunt him and he cannot get to her. She was also adept in the art of self-defence and had parried off many attackers before. Feeling strong and invincible, she continued playing this game. 'A verbal teasing wouldn't harm anyone,' she pondered.

Setting her magazine down on the table, she walked to him, frustrated that her statements did not have any effect on him. She stood in front of him, two feet from the metal bars, her arms crossed below her breasts, unintentionally lifting her feminine globes even more. "I guess you are not like the rest, probably the 'timid do good husband' type!"

David reacted to her teases and started to stir. With a menacing look, he stood and started to approach her.

She stepped away from his reach and smiled.

David's arms hung outside through the bars of his cell, his eyes admiring her face and petite body.

"Well...well. At least now I know you are not the timid variety... probably the aggressive and manly type!" Jane smiled and taunted him.

"Come over to me and I'll show you how manly I can be." David prompted to her to approach him with his hands. He was irritated!

Jane stood with her hands on her sides, gripping her belt. Smiling, she let him admire her well formed breasts pressing the front of her uniform. "At least you are now really awake! Would you like dessert?"

"I like the type of dessert that is below your body and between your legs." David smiled, decided to mock her as well.

"Now MISTER, are you trying to be naughty, trying to take advantage of an officer of the law? Maybe you need to cool down a few more days in your cell!"

"How can I take advantage of you when you are there and I am locked inside? Any judge will not accept that. I'd say it was police brutality and mental torture."

"Oh my! Not only are you handsome, big, and strong, you are also very smart!" Jane smiled and giggled.

"There is someone else that is also very friendly." David smiled.

A puzzle look appeared on her face.

His eyes gazed past her. "There is a big fat rat behind you, looking at your bum! Ceek...ceek... Come here boy." David tried to mimic a mouse.

Jane turned and took a step back towards him, her eyes searching for the rat. It was just enough for him to grab her and pulled her to him. His strong left arm wrapped around her neck while his right arm held her right arm and body. With the support of the iron bar in front of him, she was trapped, her body firmly pressed against the iron bars. Now she was in trouble!

Jane tried to strike at him with her left arm and legs but the iron bars provided David good defence. She gave up trying to free herself from his clutch. David quickly located her handcuffs in her belt and cuffed her right wrist and pulled her hand above her head. He pulled the handcuff through the cross junction of the vertical and horizontal bars and held her wrists tightly. He quickly grabbed her left wrists after releasing her neck and with all his strength, he pulled her left wrist next to her right wrist and cuffed her hand through an iron bar above her head. His left arm quickly returned to hook it around her neck, holding her firmly.

Jane looked for a way out of her predicament. "OK... OK, I was teasing you. If you don't release me now, you will have assault added to your file. If you go even further, you have molesting a female office on record, and you will end up in jail for a long time."

"Where is the key to my cell?" David spoke softly.

"It's in my pant's pocket. Take it. I was about to release you since we don't have any charges against you. I was only teasing you..."

The small amount of alcohol in his blood made him brave and the coffee had some aphrodisiac effect on him. His hands went into both her pant's pockets, purposely stroking her thighs as his hands searched for the key. His right fingers found it but he continued to caress her thighs within the confines of her pant's pockets. He was physically teasing her in return!

Her body squirmed when his fingers softly stroke her inner thighs. She closed her eyes and moaned her pleasure. Her body hungered for his fingers to touch her aroused clit. His left fingers found it. She grunted out her approval. She wanted more!

Flexing her hips, she pressed her clit to his warm and firm fingers. She wanted desperately to climax. She had missed a man fingering her clit. It was ages since a man gave her an orgasm.

Sensing her approach, he removed his hands from her pockets, leaving her panting and frustrated.

She felt the departure of his hands from her pant pockets. She needed his fingers to finish what he had started. She was mad at him! Her angry eyes sought him out.

David released her body and went to unlocked his cell door. He got out of his cell and went to the window to peep out. Outside of the Sheriff's office/jail, the rain was pouring heavily. He opened the door and sneaked his head outside and looked around. There were lights in the buildings but he could not see anyone moving about. The town was deserted. He saw his car parked next to a police patrol car in front of the Sheriff's office and jail house. The full moon was partially blocked by the rain clouds.

David pondered his situation. The Sheriff was about to release him and it made no sense to escape since he did nothing wrong. Maybe he needed to pay a fine for drunkenness.

"ARE YOU GOING TO KEEP ME TIED UP HERE OR ARE YOU GOING TO RELEASE ME?" Jane shouted at him with an angry tone.

He walked towards Deputy Jane and saw perspiration dripping down the sides of her face, her red hair in disarray. She looked sexy in police uniform even though she stared angrily at him. David crossed his arm and stood four feet in front of her. He smiled as he gazed into her beautiful green eyes.

"For a Deputy Sheriff, you really look beautiful. In fact you look very sexy, especially with you tied up in this manner. You look so vulnerable. Are you into bondage?" David teased her.

"You better release me or I'll make sure you stay in jail for a long time." Jane spoke with conviction.

"If you say please, I'll release you." David spoke teasingly.

"RELEASE ME OR I'LL KICK THE SHIT OUT OF YOU!" Jane angrily screamed at him, her hands tried to wriggle out of her cuffs.

David didn't like intimidation especially when he was still in control. Had she begged for her freedom, he would have released her. He felt safe knowing that no one could help her now. He assumed she was angry with him for not granting her what she wanted him to do earlier. He went back inside his cell but left the door ajar. He stood behind her body.

Her eyes searched for him when he disappeared from her sight. Suddenly, she felt his breath behind her neck. Her heart started to pound and her breathing became more rapid. She readied herself for his groping hands and expected his rape of her body. There wasn't much she could do to prevent that from happening.

He wrapped his left arm around her body while his right fingers removed the buttons of her shirt, revealing her white bra. He found the bra fastener on her chest and unclasped it. The bra fell to her sides exposing her firm breasts.

Her nipples stood out stiffly, stimulated by the cool night air and the expected sexual assault. She tried to move, but he held her firmly with his arm.

"Now this is molesting! Are you going for rape to be added to your file?" Jane gasped as she remembered that today was within her fertile period.

"Do you want me to do that? I know you are horny! Maybe you didn't get to enjoy sex for a very long time. Perhaps tonight is your lucky night. I bet you dreamt of a day a man raped you? Most women have that type of fantasy!"

She didn't answer.

Seeing her breathing rapidly, he knew she was very excited. His fingers unbuckled her heavy belt and it fell to the floor with a loud thud. He released the button and unzipped her pants.

She tried to prevent her pants from falling down but his hands firmly pulled her panties and pants down to her feet. She felt helpless but thrilled at the same time. Her pussy juice leaked down her inner thighs.

He unzipped his own pants and kicked it away.

When she heard his zipper being drawn down, her breathing became deeper. She closed her eyes, anticipating the inevitable. Having seen his manhood while she bathed him earlier that morning, she pictured in her mind his manhood slowly filling her eager pussy. Her pussy juice oozed out even more.

He snaked his long and hard cock between her legs, wetting the path it took with his pre-cum.

Jane moaned softly when his manhood brushed her pussy lips. His left hand holding her tummy firmly, pressing her to the iron bars, her bums touched his thighs. The fingers of his right hand caressed her breasts and softly twitched her nipples. She closed her eyes and moaned softly. All resistance to his assault had disappeared.
