 This is a true story which happened just 10 days back.

I have been posting my experiences over IS4U for quite some time now. In this duration I have received many E Mail. Some form Guys pretending to be females & some from young females just wanting to exchange hot Mails. 

Over the years experience have given me a better vision to judge such E Mail & Thank god so far I have not been proved wrong. 

Coming to my story, It was about three months back, I received a very short E Mail from ladybird (her nick name). It was short just appreciating the story that I had posted. I replied back with a small thank you note giving my personal details. 

The E mail led to another & we started exchanging mails regularly. 

She was a 38 yr old, a housewife living in Delhi with her Husband. To kill time her daughter taught her surfing. She had no idea about Sex sites till she read about them in newspaper articles. Once she visited couple of stories sites she was amazed about the way people made sex. For all these years sex for her was a routine with her husband with al little fore play & then actual fucking. She used to suck her husband, but he had never discharged in her mouth. More so her husband had never performed oral on her. It was all new & exciting for her.

The stories had put her on fire & she used to fantasies about all of them. 

In fact the stories so aroused her that she had started playing with her pussy & loved it more then fucking by her husband. I recommended her to use a candle, which she tried & enjoyed. All along I never proposed her to experience with me & she too never gave any hints. Then the change started to happen & she started to ask me about the enjoyment women gets when a man sucks her. She was in doubts as to whether women enjoyed as it was painted in the stories. 

I explained to her in details & convinced her that the enjoyment is many times more then just fucking. I recommended to her strongly to try out with her husband but to amazement she told me that her husband don’t even know that she is visiting such sites & no way she can even discuss with her what to talk of experiencing with him.

I knew it was my time to go for the kill & decided to try. I drafted an e-mail that I hoped would state my feelings while at the same time influencing her eventual decision whether to make love to me.

Initially she was must have been upset & stopped replying to my Mails. I sent her no less then 50 mails but no reply from her for 5 days. I started loosing hope & then one fine morning I received mail from her (very short) appreciating my latest story.

I decided to play cool & we once again were exchanging mails. After some time she wrote a very length mail, explaining me her limitations of not meeting me. She wrote about specially about her daughter, Husband & the social status, bala bla bla. She admitted that she wanted to enjoy the pleasure but was afraid of all. Finally I was able to persuade her to meet me at least, now the problem was meeting point. She was afraid to meet me at public place (fear of getting noticed). We were back to square one. 

It seems god wanted her to enjoy the pleasure, which she had been denied all these years. I knew that her husband hed left for overseas trip for 2 months. In between last week her Husbands younger brother met with an accident in Kolkatta & her Mother In Law had to visit him. As she was old so her daughter was accompanying her & she was all-alone for at least a week.

I persuaded to her to meet me and to ally all her fears I promised her to take out of Delhi. I booked a room in a resort in Manesar & informed her same. She was reluctant initially & I had to use all my persuasion powers to make her fall in line.

On designated day I was to meet her a Dhaula Kua (place in Delhi) but problem was how to identify her. I gave her No of my car & also the make & colour. I drove to Dhaula Kua all the way from Noida & was not sure if she will come. 

I parked my car just near a petrol pump as agreed & waited for her. As the time passed by I started to feel that she will not turn up. We had agreed to meet at 9 in the morning & it was 9:30 am with no sign of her. Every five minutes I would think that I would wait for five more minutes & return. The lust & excitement prevailed over me & I would extend the waiting time for five more minutes.

At about 10 Am I had lost hopes & decide to move. I pulled out my car from the parking area & was about to drive when I saw lady standing in corner of the pump waveing at me. I drove my car near her & was amazed to see her. I had expected a middle aged house wife but there she was, beautiful, tall, slim, very fair with long hair tastefully done up in a behind her head. She wore a yellow sari (of thin material) with matching blouse, matching bindi and sandals. Her sari was wrapped tightly round her body showing all her curves to their best advantage, the pallu (the upper end of the sari) was pulled tightly across her firm boobs. The sindoor in her hair was mark of her martial status. She had a pearl necklace around her neck, 

Seeing her I got a hard on. Driving near her I walked out & introduced myself and opened door for her. She slid in & we drove to our destination. I could sence her tension as she was sitting in car so decided not to talk about her delay. I started conversation & we talked on many subjects. Our conversation was in Hindi . In our 1 hour drive I talked about general matter trying to keep her comfortable. 

Once reaching our destination once again I could see her getting tensed. She refused to walk with me to reception & I had to go up & check in. As she was walking I could see her sari was tightly wrapped round her butt underlining every sexy curve of her tight backside. This scene gave me an instant hard on. My immediate reaction was to see more of her, squeeze her tight ass and to fuck her if possible. I controlled my desire as I knew, had to play cool & if I try to be rash I could spoil the fun. 

The bellboy showed us to room holding the small bag that I had carried. 

Once in room to make her comfortable I asked 'Are you very hungry? 

'No much. Just a little bit, but I am sure you must be hungry' she said. 

I said 'No, I am not hungry for food but only for you. 

I want to introduce you to a new taste'. Saying this I placed my hands on her arms and pulled her to my chest and raising her face with my right hand kissed her lightly on her lips. She was shocked by my action and tried to pull away but I was too strong for her. I slowly guided her hand and made her finger touch my COCK. “Please… please…no…” she pleaded.

At first she struggled to get free. Her struggle was weak; I got bolder and kissed more passionately. After the initial passiveness she started to respond and kissed me back. For some time we just stood kissing each other. Then while continuing to kiss her I placed my hand on her boob and squeezed it slightly.

She said oohhhhh….” I fondled her boobs from over her blouse, pressed them and then squeezed them. She whispered “….uuufffff.. ..aaaahhhhh……ooouuuuu and closed her eyes in excitement. 

I led her to the bed and we both sat on it side by side. She seemed to be more relaxed now. I kept kissing & inserted my hands inside her blouse and bra and felt the smoothness, softness and warmth of her boobs with my palms. She moaned again.

After a while as I started removing her sari, then slowly I undid the hooks on her back and removed her blouse. Her breasts were so huge that the bra she was wearing could hardly cover her nipples. As I undid the hook of her bra, her tits sprang out and the bra fell off. She was now only in her panties. Then she was left in her panty.

The nipples on the tips of her fleshy boobs had grown hard and pointed. They were not really firm and tight as they must have been squeezed hard by her hubby every now and then. We hugged each other and kissed…I laid her on the bed and took her erect nipples into my mouth and chewed them…she gave a small cry and moaned…I pushed her on the bed and with my right hand opened her legs…and slowly started to explore her pussy…

I placed my lips on her and she was stunned to feel my tongue licking her lips…she tried to push …I continued to fondle and squeeze her melons…I took her hands and placed it on my erect COCK…she was shivering with fear and anxiety…I could see tiny drops of sweat on her fore head…

Please…leave me …” she said…I released her … but she did’nt make any move to remove my hand or to get up. 

I didn't want to force her. I left it up to her. She looked into my eyes and realized what I wanted. She said, "It's not one-sided, you know. I've wanted it for a long time. I am sorry but I am still not able to accept it.

I stood up and embraced her our tongues found each other and we kissed passionately. This time she was responsive & warm. She was not tense any more. She told me to take my clothes off and began helping me by hurriedly unbuttoning my shirt and pants. 

I put my hand around her waist and pulled her towards my naked body. Her, huge, soft breasts crushed against my hard chest as out lips met each other. We chewed each other lips and tongues. Her soft breasts and erect nipples were feeling nice against my bare chest. I raised her face & kissed her lightly on her lips, and then embracing her tightly I kissed her passionately. She reciprocated with equal passion. Her lips parted and our tongues met in the dance of love. 

I kissed her tits and nipples then while sucking her both nipples in turns I placed my hand on her pussy and started to rub it. She was now mad with desire. She raised her hips and pressed them to my hand. While continuing my action I slowly pulled her straight on the bed. We now lay side by side on the bed. I kept rubbing her cunt. 

Feeling my hand she said 'Please don't'. 

I said, 'Are you enjoying what I am doing?' 

She nodded. 'Then please let me' I continued. 

I ran my finger between the lips of her cunt and took her swollen clit between my fingers and pressed it. She shuddered as if an electric current had gone through her body. Her legs opened wide making more place for my hand. Her hips were now slowly moving up and down in fuck motion. 

I leaned in and whispered for her to stand before me. She stood, & I began to kiss her neck again. She tilted her head back to allow me to taste even more of her neck and shoulders. I was feeling her flesh pressed against me. I couldn't resist exploring all of her body with my hands. Starting with the back of her neck, down her back and around to her thighs. I wrapped my arms around her back and laid her back on bed, on my side.

I ran my hands from the top of her neck down her chest to her now very erect nipples. I toyed with her nipples under and between my fingers. She raised her body in anticipation of my fingers squeezing them. She once again began to moan to the rhythm of my hands. 

I put myself on top of her, my tongue went up and down between her breasts, licking them both simultaneously. I then alternated between each of her full breasts.

I left her for a moment & she parted her legs to make room for me between them. I knew it was now time to fulfill her fantasy

"I want you", she encouraged. 

I laid down between her legs& kissed her wet inner thigh. I faintly licked the sensitive crease of her leg. She moaned as my tongue tickled her. I extended my tongue and placed it below her pussy. She had a clean shaved pussy, I got down to kiss on her pussy lips. When I planted a kiss on her pussy lips, she started moaning in whisper & making sounds like ssss. I licked up with my flattened tongue but did not slid into her. I went back and sucked one of her pussy lips into my mouth. With extreme gentleness I slid my tongue along both sides of the delicious flesh. I repeated the act on the other side. 

kha jaao meri choot ko…AAAAAHHHHHHHHH AAAAAHHHH…………peeeeeeee jaaaaaaao …" she wailed like an uncontrolled animal, her naked gyrating body twisting. "Ooooh yessss... oooh... UNNNNHHHHHH... UHHHHHHGGGGHHHH!"

Her hands moved down and opened herself for me. My tongue moved in and slipped deep and hard into the folds of her pussy. My nosed rested firmly against her clitoris. My mouth was feeling her juices. Slowly I swirled through her wetness & tickled every bump and fold. I slowly withdrew and circled her clit with my dripping tongue & slid my lip up and down over her clitoris. Faster and faster I went, alternating between deep excursions into her pussy with my tongue, to the delicate licking of her clit.

She was reaching new heights of ecstasy. Her head was thrashing from side to side. her chest heaved in desperate attempts as loud screams of "Oh God. AHHHHHHHHHH Ohhhhhhhhhhhh Ahhhhhhhhhhhh Haiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii

That is indeed what I wanted her to do. My face was being literally covered in her juices. Her climax was exactly what I wanted. "OOOOOOH" was all she could manage as her back arched. I stood up and looked down at her as she was rolling over and mumbling. I was proud of my work. She looked up at me with a look that I'd never seen in a woman before. 

"Come, pls fuck now" she said with her eyes burning. She turned around and got on all fours in front of me. I grabbed her by the hips & spread her legs a little wider to accommodate my dick. I rubbed the head of my big prick along the slick opening lubing it for an easier entry. "Oh, I just don’t know this is going to feel soooooooo good!" she whispered..

I began to move forward, slowly and methodically, as she let out quiet "ah" as I grabbed her by the hips and slowly started to fuck her. She reached back and started to fondle my balls while I picked up the pace. I grabbed her hair and pulled her head back. She turned and looked at me. 

"It's alright," she was barely able to gasp. "You can cum inside me if you want …I'm on loop.

As I went to work on her pussy with reckless, animal thrusts I could feel her strong inner muscles squeeze away at my dick, milking it for all it was worth.

I continued to slam into her with incredible force and stamina, until her spasms subsided. 

"Don't pull out. I like it there." she whispered as I kissed her neck and shoulders. She had continuous orgasms 

I asked her “…how is it, do you like it….” She whispered with moans “….oooohhh Ahhhhh… ….ittss fffiinnne….. ….I lliikke ittt vveerryy mmuucchhh…… 

We crashed next to each other exhausted. After a while we went to the bathroom and took a long, hot bath together. We had the greatest time we took turns washing each other, using the opportunity to again explore each other's flesh.

She wrapped a towel around her body, the towel covered her from just above the nipples to barely the bottom of ass cheeks. My attention was drawn to her ass. It was big and muscular. She was a spectacular piece of ass.

I started playing with her ass and she said, "You love my ass? 

I replied, "Yes” 

Well, if you love my ass so much, you can fuck my ass."

It was so exciting to hear those words. “I said. "Let's do it."

We moved to bed, she pushed me to bed & kissed me on the lips, moving down, gently stroking my cock with her hand she said "Wait," "let me give you some more pleasure before that. 

I feelt the wetness of her mouth, her hand wrapped around the hardness of my cock, she was working my cock. Her lips tightly clasped the root of my throbbing cock. She threw her hand around my buttock and pushed her mouth hard into my crotch my cock throbbing deep inside her throat and I heaved breathing deep and going stiff all over my body unable to relax. I knew I was not going to last this time, I just needed the trigger to come shooting. I knew that I wouldn't last much longer. " I going to cum," I groaned. She removed her mouth from my cock & moved beside me . Picking her purse from side table she took out a cream tube. Handing tube to me she lied on her stomach, I knelt behind her and applied a little cream in the crack of her ass. I then positioned my hard dick directly at the point of entry and slowly slid it in. After the initial resistance, it slid in naturally.

My entire body started to tingle and she let out a roar. I brought my dick out slightly and then rammed it deep into her ass. I repeated this time after time until I exploded. I leaned over and kissed her on the lips. 

We stayed cradled together in bed for next hour or so, touching, kissing and fondling each other. My attempt at seducing this sexy married woman had succeeded. But I had gotten more than even I could have possibly imagined.

As we left the room that day, I asked her if she had any regrets in what we have done. She said NO. We drove to Delhi with a promise to meet again.

This is a true story so I have taken care to change name of all places & her family details. The most exciting part of the even was that she has not told me her name & insisted that I call her ladybird.