 I'm 23. I live by myself in an apartment. I was sitting on my couch watching a baseball game when I heard my doorbell ring. I went to the door and standing there was a beautiful 22 year old who just moved to town.

"Hey, sorry to disturb you, but I'm moving in next door today. I just wanted to let you know so you're not surprised by all the noise." She said.

"Oh, no problem. If you need any help, let me know." I replied.

"Thanks."

Our apartments share a little off-shoot hallway.

I closed the door and went back to my game. I'm a big baseball fan, but for some reason I couldn't get this girl out of my head. Her long flowing brown hair, her perfectly sized breast, her enchanting eyes, all of it was distracting me. 

A few hours passed and I was going insane. No more could I stand the urge, I had to go masterbate. I was mid rub when I hear the bell ring again. Shit! I run and grab my pants and go to the door. I open it while still buckling my belt.

"Hey, sorry to disturb you again, but I don't really know where to go to eat yet. Do you have any suggestions?" She asked.

"Oh, uh, well, there's a simple food court at the mall down the street..." I stammered trying not to give away that I was just jacking to the thought of her and trying even harder not to blow right then and there. "Or you could just come on in and I can make dinner, I was just about to." Anything to spend more time with her, I thought.

"Really? That's so nice of you. Sure, give me about ten minutes and I'll clean up and come back over."

"Great, see you in a bit."

I ran back to my bed and desperately tried to finish quickly. I hate doing that, but I was now on a time frame. I had to not only get rid of this raging erection, but I had to start preparing dinner. I was rubbing and rubbing, but now the worry of impressing her with my cooking skills got in my way. 

I looked at the clock. She was going to be back in two minutes. "Forget it, I'll do it later."

I got out of bed and went to my kitchen and pulled out a few steaks from my fridge. I heard a knock at the door and opened it anxiously. Before my eyes was an angel. When she said clean up I thought she meant change clothes, not transform into a stunning object of my affection. 

"Wow. You look great." 

"Thanks!" She said smiling.

"I hope you like steak. It's all I have."

"I love steak."

"Good. I have a grill on the porch, it should only take about ten or twenty minutes."

We sat and talked while the food cooked. It was torture. I couldn't get myself off before she came over and the baby batter was really fucking my head up. I was starting to regret inviting her over because now that means I have to endure this torture for even longer.

The steaks finished and we sat and enjoyed them, talking through the whole meal. Once her plate was clear I started doing the dishes and offered her some dessert. She gracefully declined.

"You've been so nice, I don't want to burden you any more. And I really should get back to putting my place together"

"Sure. And again, if you need any help..."

"Thanks. Everything was great. I talked to you soon."

"Yeah, talk to you soon." I walked her to the door and let her out.

I almost collapsed on the floor. I needed relief fast! I turned around and started making my way towards my bedroom when it happened, another knock at the door. "You have to be fucking kidding me!" I thought.

I turned back around and opened the door with a big smile. "What's up?"

"Nothing, and I'm so sorry to be bugging you, but I have this problem."

"Me too!" I'm thinking. I need to cum, now! "What?" I asked faking interest.

"I have a bit of an addiction, and I was hoping you could help me."

"Oh, uh, I don't do drugs." I replied confused.

"Me neither."

"Then what's your addiction?" I asked intrigued.

"Cum."

"Excuse me?"

"I have a cum addiction...I don't know, it's like, I can't get enough and you offered dessert and I said no, because I didn't know how to ask that I wanted your cum for dessert...I'm sorry, I'm making a fool of myself. Forget I said anything, I'll just leave you alone."

"Wait!" There is no way I can let this slip out my hands. "Do you really think that I would turn that down?" I asked.

"Well, I don't know...I mean, I don't even know if you think I'm attractive. I don't know what your beliefs are as far as sexual contact goes."

"Relax. If you want my cum, I would be more than delighted to give it to you. How would you like it?" I was thinking that she may just have me jack off into a cup, but I was praying for something else.

"My favorite way is by giving head."

"YES!!!" I thought.

"But if you're not comfortable with that, I understand" she lamented.

"No, no, that works great for me. Here, let's go to my bedroom."

We walked together to my room and I almost lost it before we even got there. I sat on the bed and she sat next to me. She pushed me down slowly onto my back and started to unbuckle my belt and pants.

Once my pants were off, she slid a hand from the top of my chest down to my cock. She gripped it gently and looked up at me. With our eyes connected she whispered, "Thank you." as she took my cock in her mouth. 

At first, I was going to explode right away. Not only did I have all this pent up need, but this gorgeous girl was basically begging me for my cock. I did my best to fight cumming so that I could enjoy this even longer.

Unfortunately for me, I couldn't last very long. It was maybe five minutes before I felt the point of no return. "I'm gonna cum." I whispered. I didn't worry about cumming in her mouth because I knew that what she wanted. Like lightning, I shot my load deep in her mouth. She swallowed every drop. I laid there, paralyzed, as my cock slip out between her soft lips.

"That was amazing." I stammered

"Thanks, and thanks. I needed that."

"So did I, you have no idea."

"Well, I should leave you alone, I've been enough of a bother to you all day."

"Hey, I'm happy to help you with your addiction whenever you need."

"Thanks, that's so nice of you. I'll see you tomorrow then."

"Absolutely." I said eagerly.

She left and I cleaned up a little and just went to bed. There was no way my day could have gotten better. I slept perfectly.

The next day I was impatiently awaiting the knock at the door. Around five o'clock I finally heard it. I opened the door and let her in. There wasn't much small talk, we both knew exactly why she was here. She was even leading me to the bed this time. 

"Lay down." She commanded.

Things went differently this time. She didn't just go straight for my pants. She stood up and slowly started stripping off her clothes piece by piece. Once she was down to her bra and panties she stopped and stared at me. She gave me the biggest "Fuck me" eyes as she reached behind her and grabbed her bra clasp. Her breasts were freed and they were perfect. I grew fast in my pants and was aching to be freed myself. 

She could see my erection growing and smiled knowingly as she looped her thumbs into her panties and slid them down her legs. In front of me was the most beautiful girl I had ever seen and she was completely naked. Like a tigress, she crawled on top of me. She lifted my shirt up over my head and played lightly with the little chest hair that I had. She undid my pants and slipped them down. We were now completely naked and she was lying on top on me.

Gently, she leaned over to my ear and whispered softly, "Do you want to fuck me?"

"Oh my god, yes."

"How badly do you want to fuck me?"

"I would do anything to fuck you."

Without saying anything she rolled over onto her back and opened her legs. With her left hand she spread open her pussy lips and with her right she put her index finger to my lips and then brought her finger to her clit. I got the hint and lowered my head to her beautiful mound. 

I ate her like I was starving. I needed her to cum all over my face so that she would want nothing more than to be filled by my cock. It didn't take me long. I'm not bragging, but I know how to eat a girl out. She shook violently as her legs wrapped around my head. She went limp and gestured for me to bring my cock to her mouth.

She grabbed my cock and placed at the entrance to her mouth. Before she took it in, she said, "You're probably wondering why if I have a cum addiction I would want you to fuck me. That's cum 'going to waste' in my pussy."

Taken a back a little I responded, "Honestly, it hadn't crossed my mind, I've been thinking about other things."

"Well, just to let you know, the cum addiction isn't just for these lips." She gestured to her mouth. "It's for these lips, too." She lowers her hand to her pussy and starts rubbing her clit. With that, she took my length into her mouth. I slid in and out as she continued to rub her clit.

After about seven or eight minutes her hands came up and pushed at my waist, lowering me to her pussy. Without relinquishing control of my cock, she guided the head to her entrance. She grabbed me from the hips and pulled me into her. She let out a moan as I entered her.

Her hands were controlling my motions. She pulled me in and out of her and she moaned louder and louder with every entrance. Her pussy was devouring my cock. I got balls deep over and over again. 

She stopped me and rolled over onto her hands and knees. She reached behind her and grabbed my cock and guided me back into her. This was the first time she gave up control. I placed my hands at the back of her hips and started pounding her from behind. 

After a few more minutes she sat up and pushed me down onto my back. She climbed on top of me and started riding me. Up and down she bounced as her pussy swallowed my cock. I finally got to the breaking point. I couldn't hold it any longer.

"I'm gonna cum." I whispered.

"Come on, fill me up. I want your cum. Don't worry, I'm on birth control."

"I'm cumming!" I grunted as I exploded hard up into her.

She stopped her motion as she wanted to feel my cum shooting into her. Once she could tell my pulses had subsided she slip off of me. She rolled over next to and laid there. Her mouth went to my ear as she nibbled lightly and whispered, "Thank you."

"Thank YOU." I said.

"See you tomorrow?" She asked.

"Of course." I said limply, not able to move from the amazing orgasm.

She playfully touched her finger to my nose as she climbed off the bed. She picked up her clothes and without getting dressed she went to the door. Since our apartments share an off-shoot hallway she didn't even bother with her clothes when she left my apartment to go to hers. I could hear her close her apartment door as I laid there in ecstasy. 

This became a daily routine for us for the next three years until she was offered a job that forced her to move away. We still keep in touch and at least three times a year, we meet up and I help her with her addiction.