 Last Friday my wife had a girls' night at our home. I was fine with it. I said hello to the guests, secretly ogling one or two of them and then got the kids to bed. I thought about going out but decided to stay home and play some online poker. I did quite well coming in third out of 199 so it took a few hours.

There was lots of noise coming from downstairs - the girls were obviously drinking and having a good time.

One of the kids woke up crying so I went to them to put them back to sleep. I guess my wife heard cause she came up to check but saw that I had it under control. I wanted to have a comfortable sleep, so after about twenty minutes I decided to go to the guest room for the night. If I slept in our bed before my wife, she'd probably just kick me out when she came in complaining that I was snoring.

I was sleeping soundly when I awoke to my wife spooning me. She whispered in my ear, "Keep your eyes closed."

I did as she asked thanking god yet again for the miracle of alcohol. My wife and I hadn't been intimate for a couple of months and it had started to become a problem. 

I heard her pulling something out of the clean clothes basket full of clothes waiting to be folded. Then I felt something being tied around my eyes and head. It felt like some tights. This was turning out to be better than I could have hoped for. She turned me on to my back and pulled my t-shirt over my head. I heard some more rustling. She extended my right arm and I felt her tying something around my wrist. She did the same with my left arm. This was going to be a lot of fun.

I felt her fingertips by my belly button. She reached inside the top of my pyjama bottom and traced the edge from the middle to the sides of my waist. She drew down the pants and my dick started to press against my underwear. She noticed that and gently put the palm of her hand onto my bulge and moved it in a circular pattern. She stopped and then repeated what she had done but this time with the jockeys. My member sprang to attention as if in greeting.

What had been done to my hands was now done to my feet. I was tied spread-eagled on the bed, blindfolded with a raging hard-on.

"Make sure to lock the door," I reminded her. I certainly didn't want the kids seeing me like this. The therapy bills would be enormous.

I heard her sit back in the one chair in the room. It was quite a comfy one. She sat there watching me for at least five minutes. I guess she was waiting for the tension to build. It was working. All of a sudden, she got up and I was happy to know that my wait was over. 

I heard her approach the foot of the bed and I felt her fingernails at the top of my hips. She drew them down my legs to my feet. Then up again. She repeated this on the inside of my thighs. 

She then climbed on to my stomach so that my cock pressed into the crack at the back of her ass. I tried to raise my hips to get some friction on my cock. What I really wanted was to get inside of her. But not surprisingly she had other thoughts. She pinched my nipples - really hard in fact. Next her fingernails went down my arms and then dug into my chest. It was a tad ticklish, a little painful but full with sexual excitement. She kissed the side of each cheek and then gave me a quick peck on the lips. Then she used her tongue to trace around the lips of my mouth.

I pushed my head forward and captured her tongue in my mouth and sucked. She pushed her lips onto mine and we french kissed for a bit. She broke it off, pulled away and in her tongue's place I felt a nipple come to my lips. I wasn't complaining. I pushed my head forward and got some of her breast into my mouth. I sucked and twirled my tongue around her hard nipple. I felt her hot breath on my forehead. She switched breasts and I repeated my ministrations. She let out a slight moan. 

As she seemingly reluctantly pulled back a bit, I played a little tug-o-war with her nipple. I lost and it popped out of my mouth. 

She half stood up and moved to the bottom of the bed between my legs. She leaned forward and her hair fell down brushing my cock lightly. I felt her hair moving back and forth across it. Then the hair was gone and a moment later I felt her lips gently go over the crown of my penis. With her mouth closed over it she just held it there. I tried to push my cock more into her mouth but she caught on to what I was trying to do and pushed my hips to keep them on the bed. Then her tongue gently circled around the head. It felt so good. Then unexpectedly she took me the full length into her mouth. I almost exploded as she grabbed my balls and repeated that a few times. Then she stopped. I heard her pull back and get off the bed. I heard her walking and then I heard her open the door. 

"What the hell is she doing?" I wondered. The door closed and I strained to listen. I heard her go down stairs and in to the kitchen. I heard a few cupboards open and close. It sounded like she was looking for something.I was worried she would wake up the kids. She must have found what she was looking for because I heard her coming back up. The door opened and closed and thankfully I heard the lock being turned.

She approached the bed, paused a minute and climbed on to my chest. "What is that smell?" I wondered. She eased up to my face and as she got closer I realized what it was. It was the smell of chocolate mixed with pussy. "She'd been looking for the Nutella," I realized. She made her way on to my face and I noticed that she she had shaved. "Had she been planning this for a while?" I wondered.

I'd never had this particular dessert before. I licked the full length of her pussy and got first some pussy juice and further up I got some chocolate. "Mmmm," I said. For a split second it crossed my mind that if we could bottle this flavour of Nutella we could become millionaires. Maybe even extend the idea and work with hot celebrities to sell for example "Megan Fox Pussy" flavour - now we're talking billionaires!

She started gyrating her hips to fuck my face. I was sucking like there was no tomorrow. I was just thinking she was going to come soon when incredibly she got off. "Come back here!" I said more sharply than intended but she ignored me and went back to the chair and sat down.

It was hard to tell how long she sat there. I just lay there pointing to the ceiling and praying that whatever she was considering would end up with me shooting a load. 

Again she got up and I heard her coming back to the bed more slowly this time. I felt her hand at the side of my head and then she pulled the blindfold up as she said, "Hello Richard." 

My eyes widened. My ears even widened. "Holy Shit!" This was not my wife. This was one of her friends from the party. Fiona. Every possible emotion raced through my body. I felt fear, amusement, panic, horniness, shock and more. Perhaps not all emotions actually. There was no sadness, anger, regret. Horny was winning by a long-shot because Fiona was a hottie. She had nice slender legs, thin but not gauntly, long black hair, gorgeous skin and a face that was both cute and beautiful. I had in fact fantasized about her a number of times both on my own and when coupling with my wife. I was speechless.

"I've been thinking about you for some time now Dick," she said. "I never dreamed anything would actually ever happen." She paused. "I know it's a bit late but I thought that it should be a conscious decision on your part to stick that lovely prick of yours into my cunt." 

I wondered if I'd died and gone to heaven.

She looked at me and I swore she could see the thoughts racing through my head. "It's not as if Mary is going to say, 'Well it's not so bad because by Bill CLinton's definition you didn't really even have sex!' Nor will she care that you were blind and couldn't see. That might actually make it worse as she would also be pissed that you couldn't recognize her smell or her body."

She was 100% right of course but my mouth was dry like a desert and I just lay there looking as if I'd been hit by a stun grenade.

"So what's it gonna be, Dick?"

"Ummm," was all I managed.

After a few seconds of this, she got up impatiently, came over to the bottom of the bed, crouched between my legs, took my cock in her hand, brought her lips to my cock and whispered, "What's it gonna be, Dick?" She slid her mouth over and took me in all the way a couple of times.

She got up, straddled my legs and moved forward so that the length of my prick was against her pussy. She used her hand and hips to rub it back and forth across her box and then rubbed the head against her clitoris. "What's it gonna be, Dick?" she repeated.

I honestly no longer knew what the question was about. She got up and positioned her pussy just above my penis. She lowered herself so that her lips were just around the crown for a moment. "Oh my god," I thought. Before I could do anything, she raised herself a couple of inches. "What's it gonna be, Dick?" she asked devilishly.

"No, no, no, no!" I thought as I tried to raise my hips to get back to heaven. Still smiling she said, "I'll take that as a 'Yes'". And with that she lowered herself onto my cock until my balls touched her ass. "Ooooohhh," I moaned and then started to pump.

Fiona raised herself slowly until we lost contact. For a split second I almost panicked. "She wouldn't dare blue ball me like that, would she?" I thought. In one slow motion she reached the top of her arch and came back down just as slowly. It was exquisite.

She looked at me and smiled, "You like fucking me, your wife's good friend, don't you?" She didn't wait for an answer but rose up and down again. The next time she went up my hips followed her, pumping. She could go high enough so that I wouldn't be able to follow but she didn't.

I pumped with a sense of urgency and just as I was about to come she pulled out of me and an amazing amount of cum spewed over her tummy with some even reaching one of her nipples.

Fiona took a finger and wiped up some of the cum from her belly and stuck it in her mouth. She leaned forward squishing a lot of it between us and put her sperm laden nipple into my mouth. I sucked it. It was the first time I had tasted myself. I wouldn't say I liked it or disliked it. "It's probably an acquired taste, " I thought. It was however starting to stir the blood again. I wondered if I could get hard again in such a short time.

"Untie me so I can pay you back better, slut!"

Without missing a beat, Fiona slapped me across my face. It didn't so much hurt as much as it surprised and shocked me.

"You're not in any position to give orders," Fiona said with an impish grin on her face. "At least not tonight. Now lick me again!"

I didn't need to be told twice. I started with her anus which had started to collect some pussy juice. I pushed my tongue in as far as it would go which wasn't very far without the use of my hands. 

"Ooh, that's new!" said Fiona. She had a slightly surprised look on her face. 

From there, I traced up to the base of her pussy. This time I used my nose to run slowly up all the way to her clitoris. At the apex I inhaled deeply. The chocolate smell was mostly gone leaving just Fiona's musky scent. I started to lick her pussy again and she started to breathe more slowly and deeply. I know I was enjoying myself and she seemed to be too but all of a sudden she got off.

"I have an idea," she said. "Open your mouth." 

I did as I was told.

She peered inside and tapped a couple teeth. Then she put the side of her hand into my mouth. "Bite down hard." She tugged on her hand but I held on.

"Good, that's enough." She got up and headed to the corner where her clothes were and she got her hand bag. She held it in front of her so I couldn't see what she was doing so I just admired her smooth back and tight ass. 

A moment later she turned around and proudly displayed a rather large flesh coloured dildo in her hand.

Forgetting the last couple minutes, instinctively my sphincter clenched and my eyes opened wide with fear.

Fiona saw this and said, "No silly. I have no plans to sodomize you." She turned her head away a second and I could swear she mumbled, "Not this time anyway." For the moment, my fears eased.

She brought the dildo over and I could see it looked pretty life like. It had a flat rectangular base for what I can only assume was for suction cupping it to the floor. She put two fingers into my mouth and stretched it wide and tried to fit it into my mouth. That wasn't going to work. It was too big though not by that much.

"Where can I find a scissors?" she asked. 

"Downstairs in the kitchen," I answered without thinking.

She got up, went to the door and walked out buck naked. As she was about to pull the door closed she opened it again and winked at me. "I'll just be a second," she said and went down the stairs two at a time, leaving the door wide open.

"Crazy bitch!" I thought. I hoped that the alcohol had knocked my wife out for the night. True to her word though Fiona was back quickly and thankfully closed and locked the door behind her.

She trimmed the base of the penis and came back to the bed. This time the base of the dildo was able to fit into my mouth. Honestly I wasn't thinking otherwise I suppose I might actually have objected. I'm not sure.

"Now bite on it and hold tight cause baby's going for a ride," she said. With that she lifted up, put her knees to either side of my head and slowly, gently lowered herself onto the fake penis sticking out of my mouth.

I bit on it and it reminded me a bit of that that thing they put in your mouth at the dentist when you're getting x-rays. Next time I go to Dr. Russo, a hot Italian recent graduate, I will be sporting a bigger hard-on than normal. Looking up at her, I must admit it was quite a sight. The cock sticking into her pussy, her perky breasts with rock hard nipples. Her expression of fulfillment. She looked fantastic.

Her inner thighs were on my cheeks and she lifted herself up and down. Slowly at first but then she got into a rhythm as she saw I was able to hold on to the cock. Sweat started to bead on her forehead. I wasn't sure how long my teeth and jaw could take it. I hoped she was planning something more like a quickie. 

"Oh yes," she said a little too loudly for the quiet house. "Oh, yes, oh yes," she continued as she started to rub her clitoris with her hand. Faster and faster she went and finally clenched my head between her thighs and let out a loud high pitched long "Ahhhhh.". She sat there convulsing on top of me, rocking with a full body tremor every five or ten seconds. Panting she held on to the wall for about a minute and then got off.

She took the dildo out of my mouth turned it around and shoved it back in. "Clean it off," she said and I did. I liked the taste of her cum in my mouth but even though I knew it was just a piece of plastic, the dildo was a bit too realistic for me to fully enjoy it.

"Let me clean your pussy," I said. She seemed to like the idea and climbed back on. I licked her clean and swallowed it all up.

As she got off me she noticed I had a hard on again. She gently started to pump me a bit and then she deep throated me a couple of times. She licked around the head of my penis and I looked forward to round two. 

Suddenly she pulled her mouth off my cock and said, "I guess you'll be looking forward to next time."

"What?" I said. "No! Come on! Don't do that!"

"'Always leave them wanting more.' is one of my mottos. You know," she paused as she started to slip on her clothes, "Cindy's turning eighteen next month. I've been racking my brains wondering what to get her for her birthday. Perhaps I've found her the perfect present."