 Amy moaned under the tepid shower spray as her hands reached the swollen nub between her thighs, scrubbing efficiently in true military style but still closing her eyes and taking a private moment to indulge in her fantasies. She couldn't help picturing Major Alex Frasier standing behind her slipping his hand between her legs and fingering her slit while his lips seared the skin on her neck. She just knew his mouth would be ten times hotter than the water pouring over her.

A long time fantasy never to be fulfilled but one worth considering...briefly.

She gave herself a full extra minute to engage in the deep seated desire, extending her three minute ritual into four minutes, then quickly rinsed and shut off the water. She effectively doused her arousal with the end of the shower, ready to return to duty and conduct herself appropriately, as usual.

But it wasn't easy.

With a sigh, she turned and started to reach for the towel, gasping when she caught sight of someone standing in the doorway to the barracks shower. Her instinct was to cover herself with the towel, but she fumbled and dropped it, her hands shaking as she recognized the figure and felt her skin heat as if she stood beneath a boiling hot rain.

"Major!"

Automatically, Amy went to attention, swallowing hard as she forced herself not to make eye contact. But something about the look in Major Frasier's eyes before she'd managed to peel her own gaze away registered and made her anxious to know what was on his mind.

"I thought you had reported for duty." Alex's voice was smooth, rich, and deep. He spoke in such a low tone Amy could barely hear, the sound more of a rumble she felt deep in her core. It almost made her groan out loud, and she focused hard on the situation at hand as she'd been trained to do.

With precise spatial knowledge, she glanced at the clock from the corner of her eye. "Yes, Major, sir, I report at 0800, in ten minutes, sir." She knew she wasn't late, and she couldn't imagine why he would come looking for her here, making such a big deal about her taking a shower. He'd never invaded her private space here; no one had, and she'd never missed a deadline.

He moved toward her, slowly, hands behind his back, and she had the impression that he was inspecting her, like a new recruit on her first day in boot. She felt vulnerable, and she wished she'd at least managed to wrap her towel around herself before he'd caught her. she didn't like the way her breasts felt heavy under his gaze or her center felt flames lick over it as he came closer. "Was that a regulation shower, Lieutenant?"

For a moment, Amy almost stuttered. Had he been watching her? Heard her? A regulation shower was four minutes. She usually took three, and today, she'd taken four. In theory, the answer was, yes, it was regulation. But something in his tone told her he wasn't looking for the standard answer. "Sir, four minutes to lather, rinse, repeat, sir."

She heard him sniff, a smirk, as he circled behind her, closer than before. She could almost feel his body heat, he came so near, and her fingers trembled with the desire to reach out and touch him as he rounded to her left. But she held steady. "That's interesting, Lieutenant, because I smell something out of place, something not quite standard protocol."

That's my arousal, sir, she thought but obviously didn't say. She pressed her lips together, fighting the urge, and then told him, "Major, I still have nine minutes before reporting for duty. If I offend you, sir, I have time to shower again before dressing and still report on time, sir."

"Nine minutes," he sighed, and his breath slid over her neck, down her spine so she nearly melted into the floor. If this was some sort of exercise in self-discipline, she wanted a merit award. Especially as she felt the rough material of Alex's uniform against her back, his lips brush her ear, and one fingertip twirl a strand of her hair at the nape of her neck. "Then we better make this fast," he whispered.

He moved so fast Amy almost missed it, grabbing her by the wrist and spinning her to face him as he forcefully but gently pushed her against the wall. 

For the first time, she met his gaze head on, and she saw the same hunger she'd felt for so long, since she first joined the unit with her promotion, and there was such intensity to it she inhaled sharply. He didn't move right away, his breath coming hard and fast, their chests heaving against each other. 

"Am I reading it wrong, Lieutenant? Or do you want me as badly as I want you?"

She shook her head adamantly. "No, you're dead on, Major." She didn't even recognize her own voice, gravelly and sultry with her need.

"I bought us ten extra minutes, Amy, that's it. And I'll have to change," he told her urgently, one hand sliding down her side, along the edge of her breast, and over her hip. Her eyes rolled back in her head, but she managed a weak nod in response. Hearing her name from his lips had her creaming, and she wanted to hear it again.

"Alex—" But he silenced her with a kiss, his tongue delving without apology and his lips suckling at hers so she felt like he would drain her dry. She let her inhibitions slide away. If she only had this one chance, these few minutes, she was going to make the most of them, and she threw her arms around his neck, shoving her fingers in his crisp, short hair. His body was hard against hers, every line and bulge molding against her softer but well toned form. She'd changed since boot, for the better, but there was still a very distinct difference between her and the way Alex was built, and it reminded her for once that she was very much a woman.

Even more so as his cock pressed between her thighs, through the perfect press of his uniform.

She cried out, and he swallowed the sound, his hand curling around her throat in a tight caress. His teeth grazed her chin. "You can't make that much noise," he groaned, thrusting his pelvis forward. "I don't care how fucking good it feels. I've got the door locked and no guards. We can't get caught, or it's over, you understand?"

The danger, the risk, heightened the sensation, and Amy hissed out a breath as she yanked Alex's belt free. She wanted to feel him, wanted his skin in her hands, and as she released the heat of his hard on into her palm, she smiled in self satisfaction. He was thick, long, and ready, swelling more as she squeezed and rubbed him with the heel of her hand. "You're wasting time, Officer," she muttered, nibbling his ear.

Alex shoved a hand between her thighs, the tips of his fingers at long last connecting with those sensitive nerve endings that had cried for his touch for weeks. He rolled her throbbing nub between finger and thumb, her slickness making his touch smooth as butter. "Trust me, I'm not going to waste a moment of this, Soldier." He threaded two fingers inside her, and Amy came with the force of a fifty caliber firearm, pouring over his hand as he toyed with her, in and out, curling his fingers to press against her g-spot, even as he still teased her clit.

Yes, he was most definitely going to have to change his clothes, she thought.

And with that, she rode his fingers with abandon, letting them send her higher as she wrapped her mind around the fact that this was Major Alex Frasier, the officer in charge to whom she reported. The man she'd ogled from the moment she'd entered his office four weeks ago. The man she'd woken up wet for every morning and had to stare in the face as if he was nothing more than a drill sergeant.

The man she'd worked with in the field last week to save two other men.

And now, here he was, with his hands on her - in her - the way she'd imagined. Without prompting. Of his own accord. What more could she ask for?

And the answer was clear. His hands weren't enough, even as he molded her breasts and sucked at her nipples with that oh so talented mouth of his, the mouth that barked out orders to groups of tough soldiers without hesitation but trembled now as he licked a line over her jaw back to her mouth. She definitely wielded power over him in this space, and she had only a brief moment in time to savor it.

"What are you waiting for, Officer?" she taunted, scoring his back with her short, rounded nails. She checked the clock. "Time's short. Give me my orders before it's too late."

For a moment, he pulled away, staring at her, and Amy wondered if she'd gone too far. Was he going to walk away, end this now? What a cruel twist of fate that would be! But his eyes were fevered, and the corners rippled with the pain of holding back. "God, do you know what you do to me?" he asked, shaking his head. To her surprise, he brushed his knuckles tenderly over her cheekbone and placed a soft kiss to her temple. "I have to have you."

With that, his hands curled around the backs of her thighs, and he hoisted her up against the wall. Amy walked her fingers up his spine, wishing she had more time to appreciate the smoothness of the skin that was still clad within the uniform and to memorize the definition of his muscle mass. But she would find a way to make those demands later. She just had to get him hooked so he would come back for more.

"Then take me, Major," she breathed, wrapping her legs around his waist and rubbing her folds over him, moistening him and readying him to enter her. 

Alex groaned and lifted her, settling her onto him and spearing her fully. Amy bit her lip to hold back a cry of delight at the way he felt inside her, stroking her with hard, deep thrusts that were barely controlled, and Alex buried his face in her shoulder as he heaved loud, labored breaths with his efforts.

Arching her back and digging her heels into the small of his back, Amy offered more, took his cock deeper and sighed when she felt him pulse inside her. He braced one hand on the shower wall behind her, pushing harder and more violently, and she urged him on, digging her fingertips into his perfectly rounded ass, holding his pelvis tight to her own.

The pressure built, heavy and thick, and Amy held back, knowing that she may only get this one last chance, and she wanted to come with him, experience that mutual release. It was something she could hold onto for the duration of her tour, if she had to, to keep her going regardless of the circumstances. But he was so smooth, so raw in his need, that it was almost impossible not to explode, over and over again.

But she was nothing if not a trained soldier, and she could handle it. she focused, let the sensation fill her and gather as his head pounded deep into her and his shaft stroked up into her, pressing against her clit on the way, stimulating her further. Time passed and ceased to matter. Let them be caught, she thought. At least she'd be happy, have something to remember when she went home with her tail - and a delicious ache - between her legs.

And then Alex's mouth found hers again, scintillating and enticing, drawing every bit of emotion out of her, from the fear of the assignment to the confidence of her position to the extreme need she felt for him. It all rushed forward, and her skin tingled everywhere he touched her, sizzled where there was no cloth between them, ached where they were joined in the most basic of ways.

And she came.

She flooded herself, flooded Alex's cock, was sure she poured down the drain and raised the level of the nearby river a few inches with the force of her orgasm. And Alex silenced her cries of ecstasy with his mouth, his delectable tongue dancing with hers and swallowing her screams, keeping them safe from discovery while she ceased to care what happened to her as long as she could feel like this, tucked into the tight embrace of his body while his cock pulverized her senses and made her soft where she'd become hard and insensitive.

And as she felt herself settling back to earth, Alex pulled back and spoke against her mouth. "God, you feel good. Can you come again?"

What an unexpected question, and she moaned at knowing he wanted her to. Unable to articulate anything, she nodded, and he gave a triumphant chuckle. 

"Come for me, then, soldier," he demanded, and her body complied. It ripped through her like a tornado through a small town in Texas, tearing her apart and leaving her no dignity to speak of. It was brutal and, for a moment, she wasn't sure if she was clawing at Alex to hold him closer or to push him away as he hit his peak and shoved his face into her breasts to keep himself quiet, spilling into her with heat and the same demand with which he'd first entered her.

She convulsed, and his spasms flowed through her, keeping her aroused even as her body sagged against his and she felt like they both might collapse under the weight. But his strength held, just another reason she had wanted to get her hands on him for so long, and he kept her hoisted until her breathing was regular enough that she could stand without doubling over. He let her down slowly, making sure she had her feet before backing away, and still, he stayed near, enveloping her in his hard body without even touching her.

Surrounded by Alex and the smell of sex, Amy was dizzy, and she had a difficult time meeting his gaze. He curled a finger under her chin and quirked it up, forcing her eyes to his, and what she saw there, she liked. He was sated, but he was still hungry, and it wasn't just about raw sexuality, about the heat of the moment. There was respect behind his gaze as well, something she hadn't expected.

"You alright?" he asked in a gruff voice, searching her face.

"I'm fabulous," she laughed softly. "A little surprised."

His smile was brilliant and worth every demerit she could possibly earn for being late. "I didn't know how to say anything. There was never a chance. But 

I've been waiting..."

She put a finger to his lips to silence him. "Me, too." She heaved a deep breath and let it out slowly. "Since day one. But even more since the IED."

He nodded, swallowing hard. "You're beautiful, Lieutenant. And not just a pretty face. You've got a good heart, and you're brave, and I like having you at my back." His eyes swept over her body. "I like having my cock in you even more."

Amy quirked a brow and bit her lip. "I wouldn't say I had a problem with either. Except, I don't think it's really allowed, is it?"

Alex kissed the tip of her nose. "There's always things to work out. Nothing's ever perfect. Right now, my uniform is certainly not perfect, and I have to run to the bunk and change before anyone sees it like this. At least you have a clean uniform waiting for you."

"I have to take another shower, though," she laughed. "I can't go out there, smelling like sex. And you."

"What do you mean, smelling like me?" Alex looked offended.

"Come on, Major. You have a distinctly attractive smell, and that cologne you wear is killer. Makes me want to stop in the middle of the desert and touch myself."

Did he blush a little? "You smell pretty delicious yourself. Now, if you're going to shower again, hurry up. You've got eight minutes to shower, dress, and be in my office for debrief. And I have to change and be there myself."

"Wow, we were pretty efficient," she mused, checking the clock.

He slapped her ass and then grabbed her, pulling her to him and growling. "Don't get used to it. Next time, it's going to take a lot longer. And I'm going to make you come until you're drier than the air out there."

The salacious proposal had her all worked up again. "So, there's going to be a next time?"

"Lieutenant, they couldn't keep me away from you at this point with water torture," he said, laying a kiss on her so passionate her heart literally fluttered. 

When he released her, he pointed to the clock. "Six minutes. Get busy. No second shower." He started to walk away but reached back and grabbed her again, sneaking in one more kiss. "And meet me behind the mess hall at 2200 tonight, not a minute late."

He took off at a jog, cursing under his breath, and Amy had a feeling he was going to be late to his own meeting. But her heart soared. She'd gotten more than she'd bargained for, that was for sure. She'd woken up with a hope and a prayer, a dream that maybe Alex had noticed her somewhere along the way. Now, she had a future to work out, and more than ever, she was determined to navigate her way through it.