 THIS STORY IS TRUE. THE NAMES HAVE BEEN ALTERED.

I hadn't seen Becky in 10 years. I first met her in Middle School and we had been friends ever since. We could have been more than friends, and on occasion we were. "More than friends" consisted of kissing sometimes and on 2 occasions a Blowjob, but we were never a couple. Becky was a BBW. She was always overweight. At 39 years old that is no longer important, but at 16 it was different. We went through high school as friends; we each went away to college and subsequently lost touch. Ten years later she found me on a social networking site. That was in the fall of 2000. We had emailed back and forth for a while. I found out that she was living on Long Island (still), caring for her sick mother, and working in New York. I was living in Stamford, CT at the time and had just started my new job. We caught up on old times and other friends we had in common. Finally, I invited her to meet me in New York for a drink. She agreed and we set a date for the following week. 

On the arranged night I drove into Manhattan and parked in a garage. I walked the few blocks to Alonzo's on 3rd Ave and waited. She arrived, and we had ordered our drinks. She had not aged a day! Although always a BBW she had a curvy, voluptuous figure. She had a nicely shaped round ass, and breasts that were surprisingly perky for their size (most likely a DD and fully that big in the 7th grade!). We caught up on old times, our lives, our past since being separated. All the while there was a tension that I couldn't put my finger on. Halfway through our 2nd drink we decided to go out for a walk. We spent about the next hour walking and talking. At one point she reached out and took my hand. Sadly, it was getting late and was time to say goodbye. We walked back to my car, and I offered her a ride to Penn Station. When we got in the car, she reached over and kissed me softly on the lips. "I've missed you Jack" she said. I told her that I missed her too, and drove the 20 blocks to Penn Station.

Becky had time before her train, and traffic was light, so I was able to find a parking spot on 34th across from the station. We started to say goodbye and se leaned over and kissed me. Her tongue entered my mouth, and I responded. I felt my cock start to swell in my jeans. We continued at this for a while as my hands moved down to her breasts. I could feel her nipples harden through her bra. By this time my cock was straining against my jeans, and I had to reach down and adjust it. 

She stopped kissing me and whispered in my ear, "Awww....is your friend uncomfortable? Does he want to come out and play?"

"Yes," I whispered. 

"Not yet," she said. "He isn't quite ready yet." 

With that she reached down and started to massage my cock through my jeans. I didn't think it was possible but that got me harder. 

She said, "That's better. He feels all ready for me now." 

Becky unzipped my jeans and opened the button. She reached down and started rubbing my cock through my boxers. I swear I was close to shooting all over myself! This was completely intense! She reached in and pulled out my swollen tool. The head was purple with lust. A stream of pre-cum was literally oozing from me. Then she started to stroke me very gently. Becky had the warmest, softest hands I had ever felt. She was using my own pre-cum as a lube. I started to get closer and closer, and she could tell. My breathing quickened, and my pulse started to race. I was right on the edge. 

"What's wrong Jack? Are you afraid your going to shoot a big messy load all over yourself?" 

"Yes," I whispered. "I am so close." 

"You're not going to cum until I am ready to make you. And I am nowhere near ready yet. You haven't earned it." 

With that she lowered her mouth to my throbbing cock. I was sure that I would shoot the instant she took my cock into her mouth but I didn't. I stayed right on the edge the whole time. She took the head into her mouth and started to suck on it. Then she licked the underside which brought me close to the edge. The she would slow down, change it up, and I was back from the brink. Then she took my entire 8 inches in her mouth and down her throat, swallowing the head. Once again I was teetering on the edge, and she pulled me back. Then she stopped sucking me off and put her soft, warm hand on my cock. 

"Do you need to cum Jack? Do you need to shoot that big load of cum somewhere?" 

"YES!" I whispered frantically. 

"You see I am in control. You won't cum until I make you. Why should I make you?" I was speechless. "Say 'please' Jack. I want you to say please." 

"Please," I said. 

"Please what Jack?" 

"Please, Becky, let me cum." 

"You have to beg, Jack. Don't you see I can keep you on the edge all night? Don't you see how well I know you?" 

"Please Becky. Make me cum. I need to so bad. I'll do anything," I begged. 

With that she gave me a sly look and went back to sucking my throbbing cock. She kept bringing me closer and closer. My balls were getting sore. She took my throbbing dick into her throat and started to massage the head with her throat, and started to massage my balls. Then she took her mouth off of me, and stopped touching me. I could feel my cock going slightly soft. I moaned.

Becky chuckled a little, "Do you understand now? Are you uncomfortable? You know my train will be here soon. If I leave now, you will have the biggest case of blue balls since High School."

She put her soft hand back on my softening penis. She milked a puddle of pre cum out, and I could feel it start to stiffen again. She began to massage again. I moaned again. With that she took my cock in my mouth again and started sucking.

"You're close... say please Jack!"

"Please."

"Like you mean it Jack... fucking say please or you're going home with this load still in your balls."

"PLEASE! PLEASE SUCK THAT CUM OUT OF ME!"

Now she took me all the way in and deep throated me. Her throat muscles worked the head while her tongue licked the base of my cock. She started bobbing her head working my cock as hard as she could. I could feel a powerful orgasm building in me. 

I had always been told, but never quite believed, that orgasm precedes ejaculation, and that they are 2 different things. I found that out first hand that night. I have also never been very loud... a grunt or two, then relief. Well, that night I felt my groin area tense up, making me thrust toward Becky's hot and very capable mouth. I felt my whole body start to tingle and tense up. I felt my balls tighten, and I felt cum race into my cock. But I did not feel those involuntary muscle spasms. I was cumming but not ejaculating yet! I started to moan out loud. She held off my ejaculation for what seemed like forever. I started to moan louder and thrust my hips. Then finally, after what seemed like an eternity, my cock exploded its hot jizz in her mouth. It just kept spurting! It was not the usual four or five shots... I don't even remember how many times I shot. I could tell it was a lot because all Becky was doing was gulping it down. When I finally finished I laid back, spent. She got up from my lap, wiped some of my cum off of her lips, and then kissed me. 

"Is that better now Jack?" 

All I could do was nod my head. 

She gave me a peck on the cheek and said "Goodnight Jack. I will call you when I get through the tunnel." 

I watched her walk away, started my car and pulled out on to 34th street. I doubled back and got on the Drive at 36th. By the time I got to the Triboro Bridge, my cock was already semi-hard again. My cell phone rang. It was Becky.

"Hello?"

"Hi Jack. How's that cock of yours, still soft?"

"No actually it's semi-hard already."

"REALLLLY Jack? Is that my fault? Did you like your experience?"

"Oh GOD YES! You are amazing! I wish you hadn't left, you didn't get anything out of it."

"Oh yes I did. I love sucking cock. I love cum, and you had so much of it. I love being in control, and seeing how you reacted made me hot. My pussy is dripping. Do you want to make me hot again?"

"Of course I do, Becky!" 

"Next time will be your turn, but I will have to give you some more head before you do that. Sucking cock makes me so hot, I guarantee you I will cum hard." 

Becky and I saw each other a few times more over the next few years. Our schedules did not coincide often, so when we got together it was always very intense. Becky was as good as her word. She took so much pleasure in teasing me in many ways. We did a number of different things, but no matter what we tried it always finished with a load down her throat immediately followed by an orgasm, sometimes from my fingers, sometimes my tongue, sometimes on my cock and sometimes from her own hands.

Then one day in 2003, I received a call from one of her friends. Becky had taken her own life. I miss her to this day and will never forget her.