 I was going to see a band play that night and wanted to look as hot as possible to support my friends. I wore a pair of black fishnet stockings, with a red backseam and an ankle length black skirt with slits all the way up my thighs. I had the slits pinned with safety pins at the top of my legs. I wore a black shirt that molded to my 38 D tits and the significant curve of my waist. The skirt clung to my hips. I wore no bra underneath the top, it was tight enough to hold up my big breasts, I wore a pair of black satin cheeky peek panties under my stockings. I wore my long red hair down and did my makeup to bring out my large eyes and full lips. 

All the men at the concert and later on that night at the party loved the way I looked. We were all drinking and smoking pot, some of us popping pills like Valium and xanax, others of us tripping on acid. It was an intense, fun night that most of us probably don’t remember completely. I was out with some friends of mine and the shy boy I was dating. We had only gone out a few times, and he was such the gentleman. Too much of a gentleman. I was drunk and stoned, wandering around the party looking for something to do as my date was busy talking music with some of the boys. 

All of a sudden hands reached around my hips to grip my sides and I felt a man up against my back. “Hey there. Been awhile since I saw you.” a rough familiar voice whispered in my ear. I turned around, his hands sliding on the soft fabric of my skirt to stay on my pelvic bones. It was an old friend of mine from high school. He was tall, lanky, long hair, beautiful blue eyes and he had a pierced tongue. 

I laughed and said hi back. He smiled and hugged me, whispering again in my ear “why don’t we go outside, where we can talk?” I nodded and we walked downstairs and around the corner where it was private. We started talking about the people we’ve known and things that happened years ago. He was sitting on a cement pole and I was standing next to him. He put his hand around my legs and pulled me closer to him while he was talking. He put his hand through the slit in my dress and started slowly running his hand up the back of my stockinged thigh. 

“Tigger, what are you doing?” I said softly looking down at him, but not moving away from his roaming hands. 

“What do you think I’m doing? Something I’ve wanted to do for a long time now.” he laughed up at me as he pulled me around in front of him, moving his other hand up my skirt as well and grabbing my ass as he pulled me between his thighs. His large hands caressed my ass through my stockings and thin panties as he leaned up and kissed me hard. His tongue with it’s metal stud fucking my mouth as he squeezed my ass and caressed the back of my thighs. 

“Wait, I can’t do this. The guy I’m supposed to be with is inside, waiting for me.” I said trying to back away from him.

“Well, the party is still going strong, and he’s loaded. Don’t worry about it.” he smiled and stood up, pulling my body up hard against him and grinding his already rock hard cock into me. I moaned when I felt his length against my crotch. He pulled me around the corner and shoved me up against the wall, taking my wrists in his hands and holding my arms against the wall. He leaned in and started kissing me again, slipping his tongue into my mouth and teasing me with the stud while he pressed me up against the wall hard. 

He stopped kissing me and leaned back a little, pressing his crotch harder into me and let go of my hands. I placed my hands on his shoulders and stepped up on the curb near the wall so I could feel his hard bulge between the V of my thighs. He slid his hands down the sides of my shirt and down my hips until he could slip his hands back through the slits in my skirt. He slid his hands to the backs of my thighs and lifted me up, spreading my legs and stepping between them so he could get closer to me.

I wrapped my legs around his waist and moaned when I felt his hard cock press up against my cunt through my thin skirt, stockings and panties. Once my legs were around his waist he slid his hands out from under my skirt and gripped my hair in one hand pulling my head back so he could kiss me again. I moaned into his mouth as he rocked his hips against me, rubbing his hard-on on my cunt through our clothes. I gripped his shoulders and kissed him back hard.

His other hand found my breast through my shirt and he started playing with my nipples through the fabric. We could hear voices from the party as we kept fooling around, his hand soon going under my shirt to get at my bare breasts. His mouth moved from my mouth to my neck and he started sucking and biting on my neck, while his other hand left my hair and found its way under my skirt again. Tigger put his hand on the back of my thigh and lifted, letting me know he wanted me to stand back up on my feet so I unwrapped my legs from his waist. He slowly lowered me back down to the curb.

He took his hand out of my shirt and just rested his face in the curve of my neck, breathing hard and fast. My nipples were rock hard and I was so wet that my panties were damp. My head cleared a bit and I moved to get away from the wall and away from him, “I really can’t do this Tigger. What if my date comes out here? Besides you don’t really want to do this, you’re just fucked up and so am I.” I tried reasoning with him when he wouldn’t move.

He lifted his head up and looked at me with those piercing blue eyes and stood up straight, placing his obviously hard cock right between my thighs and up against my burning pussy. “Does that feel like I don’t want to do this? Huh? Does it?” he asked me angrily, punctuating each question with a thrust of his hips. 

I moaned softly and replied stallingly, “no....i..i...it feels like you want to Tigger. And I want you too...but I can’t do this. Please.” 

“You’re already doing it Jess. You know you’ve wanted this.” he whispered and moved his hands back up my skirt, stroking my thighs and pushing them open. He slipped his hands between my stockinged legs and stroked my pussy through the thin fabrics covering it. “See, you want me to touch you. I can feel how hot you are.” he laughed and leaned in to kiss me again.

I moaned and kissed him back, sucking his tongue into my mouth as he rubbed hard on my pussy while I ground onto his hand. He ended our kiss and leaned back from me again, “tell me you want me. Come on Jess. Tell me the truth, tell me you’re loving this.” Tigger teased me as he moved his hands from under my skirt, and brought them under my top. His large hands caressed and squeezed my big tits, my hard nipples rubbing against his palms as I moaned and leaned my breasts into his hands.

“I can feel how much you want me, just tell me.” he stroked his strong fingers down my breasts so that he could pinch both my nipples. I moaned and he leaned in and kissed me again, hard. The kiss ended quickly and he looked at me again and raised his eyebrows. He slid his hands off my breasts and just rested them on my hips, his pelvis pinning me to the wall and his hard cock pressing right against my cunt. “Tell me now. I’ll stop unless you tell me goddamn it.” Tigger said, staring hard at me.

“No, no! Don’t stop. I want this. I want you, we just have to be careful. God, I want you, I can’t stop this now.” I moved my hands down his shoulders, across his chest and down his stomach. I moved my hands between us and grabbed his erection. I stroked my fingers down his erection, through his jeans and smiled at the size of his cock. I couldn’t wait to fuck him, but first I wanted to do something else. I moved my hand from his sizable bulge and put both hands on his chest, trying to push him back.

“And what do you think you’re doing? I’m not done with you yet sweetie.” Tigger laughed at me and kept me pinned against the bricks.