 The Birthday Surprise.

It was Adele's birthday, she was 30 today and was pleasantly surprised at how painless it was. It's only a number after all she kept telling herself. She was at home still wearing her work clothes of skirt, blouse and jacket. Simon had called saying he would be round with her present at 5pm.

At 5pm the doorbell rang. She had always liked Simon but hadn't managed to get him into bed yet. She always tried to flirt with him and today was no different. Undoing the top 2 buttons on her blouse and wearing a short skirt so her stockings could be seen was her plan of action today.

She opened the door and saw Simon standing there. Dressed casually and strangely not carrying anything. Thought he was bringing a birthday present she thought to herself. She led him into the front room and he sat on the sofa. "Coffee?" she asked. "Love one" he replied.

Adele returned a few minutes later with 2 cups of coffee. She bent down in front of him to place his cup on the low table knowing damn well that this action would give him a glorious view of her large tits in their black lacy bra. His gaze burnt into her cleavage and she knew he was thanking god in his mind for giving him a view of something he had wanted to see for a long time...

She sat on the sofa next to him and they chatted about what she was up to this evening. They seemed to be getting closer on the sofa, suddenly Simons hand went up to her face and gently moved some fringe hair out of the way of her eyes where it had just fallen. She gulped, smiled and suddenly devoured his mouth with hers, forcing her tongue deep inside and closing her eyes as his hands tickled the outside of her thighs. He reached up and ripped her blouse open spraying buttons everywhere. Removing his mouth from hers he looked her in the eyes for a second before starting to gently kiss her tits through the bra. Running his tongue over the lacy bra cups, feeling the nipples harden on the other side of the material. She held his head there, feeling his saliva start to soak through the bra and onto her nipples...."You've wanted to play with my tits for ages haven't you?" she teased...."God, if only you knew.." he gasped. She pulled him away. "Well I want my present before you can go any further!"

Simon stood up. "OK", turn around and don't look, this won't take a minute." Adele did just that. Turning to face the back of the sofa and getting a smack on her arse from him as he stood up. Simon shook his head...Just by smacking her arse he had felt how tight and sexy it was...He carried on preparing her present..."OK, you can turn around now."

Adele turned around. Simon was naked. He was stood close so his cock was about 1 foot away from her face. She gasped "JESUS CHRIST!"...He was massive, 9 inches at least, and the width....Wow....exactly like her 9 inch dildo, in other words she would have to use two hands to get a proper grip. The end of his cock was dripping pre-cum and his balls where the biggest she had ever seen. He must have 1/4 of a litre of spunk in them she guessed.

"Happy Birthday Adele!" he smiled.

"OH! FUCK THAT!" she moaned, "I just want your cock, birthday or not. Simon reached out his hands and she instinctively put her hands into his. "Close your eyes Adele." He whispered. She did so and felt him moving her hands towards him. He placed one on the top of each thigh and started to move them together, palms facing each other. Suddenly they could go no further they had reached a hard pole of flesh which quivered and was incredibly hot to the touch...She wrapped her fingers around it and explored it. Using her hands she rubbed all over his cock, exploring the shaft and the veins along the side, sliding them over the pre-cum lubricated head, feeling it squish around on her palms then down the shaft to his balls, so heavy, so soft to touch. She got both her small hands under his sack and felt the weight before falling forward and forcing the entire ballsack into her mouth. She opened her eyes and could see him looking down at her. She could taste sweat and spunk from his balls and immediately soaked her knickers with a deluge of pussy juice. She took the head of his cock deep into her mouth, her mouth straining to fit it inside....Fuck! He was wide, his pre-cum pouring out the end of his cock, mixing with her saliva and dripping off her lips and chin onto her thighs and stocking.

"Hey" he whispered. "Adele, this is your birthday remember? Just take your skirt off and get on the rug there..." she stood up throwing her blouse off and stepping out of her skirt. Simon got on his knees and looked at her lacy knickers. Adele looked down and could clearly see the massive wet patch across the crotch of her knickers where she was actively dripping her pussy juice. She could smell it and so could he. Simon licked and kissed the crotch of her panties, tasting her and making her barely able to stand up. When he moved her knickers to one side and pushed his tongue up into her in one long movement her legs did go. He wrapped his arms around her thighs and literally held her in a standing position as he tongue fucked her, her juices pouring out and drowning him in their musky, gooey mess.

Her orgasm hit her without any prior warning. Adele came hard, so hard she could barely scream and it came out like a whimper. She was relying totally on Simon now to stand up, he was holding her there as she spurted her pussy juice out of her shaven pussy and into his mouth. He held her there for a good two minutes whilst she came and calmed down as much as she could. Her eyes watering and her legs like jelly she finally felt him pick her up and carry her upstairs to the bed.

He didn't waste anytime. Throwing her onto the bed he positioned himself between her legs and pulled her knickers to one side again, she looked such a slut, keeping her knickers on and getting fucked! She loved it...He slid the top inch of his cock into her and held it there before looking at her as if for permission... "Fuck me Simon" she said calmly and quietly. He needed no more encouragement. She felt him put pressure on her pussy lips and watched as his cock slid into her, slowly, inch after gorgeous inch, lubricated with her ocean like quantity of juices. She felt his balls make contact with the part between her pussy and her arse and knew he was all the way in...He turned her onto her left side and took hold of her right leg, lifting it and pushing it away from her body so her legs where at 90 degrees to each other. In this position she could see herself in the dressing table mirror and could watch his cock as he started fucking her, long slow strokes to start with, speeding up.....

Simon was stretching her like never before. He was now managing to pull about 8 inches out of her and then plunge the entire back in in one go causing her to gasp with the incredible penetration depth he was achieving..."You like my cock Adele?" he was saying..."You're such a little slut taking it all like this...God you're a gorgeous dirty little bitch....you like me in you?". She was watching herself in the mirror, watching her mouth as she answered him..."I'm a fucking slut, no one takes your cock like I do, no one else CAN! You better fuck me until I am totally satisfied or your wife will get to hear about this..I want all of you in me..."

The thought of being blackmailed by this gorgeous nympho just turned Simon on more. She could be his mistress and he would have to be her cock on demand. He rolled her onto her back.."You want ALL of me do you, slut?". He pushed her legs back to her sweaty tits, still in the bra. He pushed his cock in to her all the way to his balls then told her to hold her legs back. He used one hand to pull open her pussy lips, wide and then gave another thrust. She couldn't believe what she was seeing....He really was putting all of himself into her, he had managed to get his balls into her pussy as well before letting the greasy lips slide back to form a seal around the real root of his cock. He was now totally inside her. His left hand went to her arse and the first finger slid in all the way. He was so deep in her he could feel his cock through the membrane separating them and his finger.

Adele felt another orgasm fast approaching....

Simon was breathing fast as he slid a 2nd finger into her tight little arse, fucking her arse all the time.....

Her orgasm was almost upon her...she was whimpering and barely managing to keep her legs pulled back, her face screwed up with the effort, but there was no way she was going to let them go...

Then he did it, his 3rd finger went up her arsehole, stretching it open and making her yelp. Even with her anal penetrator she had never had anything that wide in her back passage. Simon used the 3 fingers to effectively half-fist her arse, his cock and balls still inside her.

Adele came....again. She screamed and screamed with the pleasure. Her orgasm shocked every part of her body. Her nipples hardened and grew larger than she had ever known them to do, her arse tightened up and just swallowed Simons fingers inside. Her pussy juices filled the hole Simons cock was in and when full they just squirted out around his cock and soaked her knickers and stockings, dripping down onto his wrist which was forcing his fingers deep into her arse all the while.

The feeling of her red hot juice’s sluicing around his cock sent Simon over the edge. The balls that where inside her emptied their contents up his shaft and filled her pussy to the brim with hot, sticky, glue like creamy spunk....He was still spunking and pulled out of her letting the contents of her pussy ooze gorgeously out of her and down the crack of her arse, lubricating his fingers with a mixture of pussy juice and spunk.

Using both his hands, Simon wanked his cock between her raised legs and let big hot spurts splash messily onto her bra cups, letting it soak through onto her nipples before drowning her cleavage in a particularly large and creamy spurt...Adele opened her mouth and looked at Simon, begging him...."Please..!"

Simon knew what she wanted. He pushed his cock deep into her mouth and saw her close her eyes as she felt his cock fill her mouth with cum, she wanked him hard into her filthy little mouth, getting a rhythm going of swallowing as each fresh spurt was delivered onto her tongue, splashing messily down into her throat.

As a finale, Simon went down on her and took a mouthful of spunk and pussy juice before kissing her hard. Tasting spunk and her juices set Adele off again. She had been rubbing her clit during the kiss, which in turn made Simon come again.....God so soon after.....his spunk splashing across his tummy and thighs as he tasted his own cum and Adele’s juices from their kiss....

"Happy Birthday" he whispered, watching her rubbing the spunk on his tummy with her fingertips. She licked one finger and fed him the other..."It's still my birthday for another 6 hours....and now you belong to me."