 Gangaram kept staring at the 'two' in front of him and finally zipped up to leave silently.

He really did not utter a word and that was very unusual, Aadesh felt sad and also very confused at the turn of events, he was ashamed to some extent but also relieved. After all it was not that he was caught in an 'act' which Gangaram hated or was spying on, well as it usually is, Aadesh got over it pretty fast and Seema in her sheer naked state made it easy for the young boy, Aadesh took the sweating beauty in his arms once again and her in a missionary style - making her moan repeatedly for 15 minutes before cumming in her cunt. Her spewed his juice in total and her cunt was full of his juices, from both the times. 

" I am sure this will make me pregnant, just hoping that the tablet I took yesterday still works" Seema wore a worried look. 

Aadesh was not concentrating on her, as of now while getting dressed he was more worried about his father, he really wanted to go and talk to him, he did not want this to be a 'family rivalry' between him and his father. He was willing to listen to his dad and do whatever was okay for both of them. He quickly slipped out of the house and was towards his house in no time. 

Gangaram was just round the corner and after Aadesh left the place, went back to Seema's place and quietly knocked. 

Seema opened the door and was pretty bewildered and taken aback, the docile Gangaram had venom in his eyes and was looking very revengeful. 

" Wear the nylex saree, which I gave you last month, and put on a black bra before slipping on the half sleeved blouse. Ensure your midriff is showing and don't cover it, wear a mangalsutra and yes, wear kajal around your eyes and also braid your hair properly. Ensure mehandi between the braid and put flowers in your hair, I am waiting outside, your life as a whore begins from today”. 

" Fuck off man, don't dare to talk to me any more of this nonsense, limp pricked impotent, get lost and don't show me your face" - Seema was about to say this, when her inner self stopped her from the same, and she politely requested him to come inside and quietly locked the door.

Taking his face in her hands, " Sorry, Aadesh is beautiful my Raja, don't be jealous of what I did with him, you should be happy that it is happening this way, otherwise he may become wayward and get spoilt with prostitutes outside, in fact I am planning to go over to his college and stay there as a cook and maid in his house to help him overcome the lust for sex and women", she spoke real confidently. 

Gangaram slipped her hand off his face and rose from the chair and standing straight in front of her slapped her fully on her face making the maid-slut lick the floor literally. He bent to pick her using the hair and this time slapped her on the other cheek and by the time he was over, she was black and blue all over. " Roger, my boss wants a good pussy, I was planning to take Reena and put her on the nuptial bed in front of him, he is a lecherous asshole, he will ream women in all their holes and fuck them till they bleed, but pays well, I also make money. Isn't it good to have your master, now as your pimp? I will pay you some money of course". 

" Suppose I refuse" - Seema was testing the waters, she had no mind to go and sleep with some unknown stranger. 

Gangaram smiled, running his hand on his stubby cheek, " You will have no reason to refuse, Seema darling. I have already spoken to your husband and he has seen Aadesh going from you house, earlier he was under the impression that it was only I in you life and he was willing to forgive but now he is convinced that you are a born slut. He is not very interested in loyalty and other things neither do he bother what happens with you. He wants money. I just gave him an assurance that I will fund his 'paan ' shop and also help him 'divorce' you. He is very happy. He has told me that he will inform your parents if you try any stunts, he has given me a clean chit to 'own' in every possible way and 'enjoy' you in all possible places with whosoever I desire". 

"I need some time to think, can I come back to you by tomorrow ". - Seema was very upset while saying this. 

" Fine, but not a word of this to Aadesh, I promise you that you will regret if you do so and for the rest of your life you may have to spend in places which you haven't dreamt off till date, maybe you can ask your husband about the lives of holed up prostitutes. At times they drink their clients excreta because water in those holes is worse than the human urine". 

Gangaram left the place and Seema was in a state of total darkness. She did not know what to do and how to proceed. 

She lay back on the rumpled bed as though she were a broken rag doll. 

She though of the day, very similar to today when it all started, the moment after which she became a whore, her legs were spread obscenely apart, one knee slightly bent, her breast jutting out from her chest, and one arm limp across her sperm-filled stomach and standing over her watching her with his mouth still leering and leaking saliva was her next door neighbor, the man who had just raped her putting his clothes on. She was 15 years old and knew this man for sometime as her 'nice' neighbor.

On a day when all was good and things were real fine for her, her father sold her to this lecherous man without telling her mother and on pretext of an errand sent her to his house. She was mauled and raped with no chance given to escape and all was over in 20 minutes. Seema fled from the scene and left her house forever and took help of all 'sundry' to reach the bus stand, from where she took some transport and managed to come to the capital city. Life had been tough for her till she learnt to use her nice body-skills while at ‘work’. She did not want to make it her profession, it was an avocation- she would do it to 'enjoy' and not 'be enjoyed'. 

Her past was a nightmare and in no way she will make the mistake of making her future follow a similar path. She has to get out of the Gangaram chapter and she had to use Aadesh to her advantage and help. She called him at home, hoping against hope that he picks up the phone. His mother was on the line, Seema was about to hang up, when she thought of a brilliant idea, " Ma'am have you got all clothes from the laundry, I think Aadesh babu's shirt was still in the bathroom and couldn't be given, I was worried so called up, could you let me know.” 

The lady of the house was a simpleton- she would not go far to analyze all this, she just shouted at Seema on the phone and told her to check it out the next day and banged the phone. Seema knew this would work, in a matter of 10 minutes there was a call on her phone and it was Aadesh calling form a public booth. " Babuji is blackmailing me, he is forcing me in to 'randi panna’ (prostitution) and I have to tell you a lot more, I love you Aadesh, I will remain your love all my life, and even bear your child but please help me, I do not want to have sex with anyone who is not to my liking ". 

"Okay let me think it over, may be I need to warn my dad not to make this an issue ".

" NO NO NO , for god sake don't tell him any of this- he will make my life miserable. He has warned me to keep this away from you"- sobbed Seema. 

" Seema, Seema don't worry I will come over and take care of you, okay, will be there shortly, don't cry. I will not speak to my father, don't lose control, you are a brave woman, and I also love you Seema. I really love you...” 

" No, Aadesh don't love me, you are from a different caste and I am already sullied, battered and a used woman. Love me to enjoy me and let me enjoy you, I am also looking forward to make you share me with your best friends. Enjoy me like your 'own' but doesn’t make me 'yours'. Marry a decent girl and she will love you and you love her". - Seema was emoting. 

Aadesh knew Roger and his family fairly well, Rodney their son was his classmate in school and was in Chandigarh pursuing Geology. Rodney was in town and they were supposed to meet up shortly, taking this up as a good opportunity, Aadesh called Rodney and confided the whole story to him, Rodney asked him to bring Seema to their guest house, where he will make arrangements for her and in the meanwhile reason with his Dad and get the old man on their side. At the end of the day, objective was to make sure Seema's life wasn't ruined. 

Seema was upset with Aadesh about this, she wasn't willing to give up her job at their place, because that provided her with 4 more jobs in the neighborhood and she was also worried about the 'image' beating if she just leaves without notice and starts staying at the Guest House. 

Seema refused it point blank and told Aadesh to go home and she would manage. Seema suddenly regained her confidence and just then her husband too came, in a total inebriated state. Much to her chagrin, started calling her names and beating her all over, Seema had enough of all that nonsense and she just pushed him to a corner inside the hut and walked out on him to go and sleep with her neighbor Sunanda, another maid servant staying nearby. 

Sunanda stayed alone- old woman with no children and was very nice to Seema. She approved of Seema's liaisons and was very happy that Seema had a nice set of looks which would make her earn good money for her later part of life, her advice to Seema was to be 'ambitious' and set aside money for the future. 

Next morning there was a big commotion. Seema's house was on fire and smoke all over. When the fire brigade came and doused the hut, all was over, her husband was found dead. He had died of asphyxiation on account of carbon monoxide, a burning cigarette caught up on the jute threaded cot and smoke engulfed the whole hut, which consumed the poor man who had no clue what was happening to him due to his drunken state. 

Aadesh's mother and the neighbors came to see her and all were very sympathetic and gave her enough support. Strangely neither did Aadesh or Gangaram make an appearance and in the evening Rodney came in his Van. He told her about his talk with Aadesh and also explained to her that everything was okay and Gangaram would not trouble her any more and asked her to speak to his father if she needed any help. Finally before leaving he conveyed the bad news, Gangaram and Aadesh had a bad fight the previous night, Aadesh took poison and was currently in the hospital. His mother was not aware, Roger and Gangaram were currently in the hospital, and hopefully everything would be okay. 

So much had to happen- just for nothing. Seema lost color and interest in life and wanted to leave the place forever when Sunanda told her to be wise and not get around taking decisions impetuously. 

Seema was shattered.

This was not her way of handling life, on the same day, she lost her husband and her young lover attempted 'suicide' and was hospitalized. She was very sad and melancholic. This went on for a month and Seema did not see the outside world, couple of time Rodney called up but there was no news from Aadesh. Seema also was in a different mood and could not fathom any reason to think or want Aadesh besides 'sex' and that was far from her mind at this point of time.

Slowly life returned to normal, Sunanda helped Seema to get a new job and steadily life returned to Seema. One day she met Pradip, elder son of Gangaram, along with a beautiful girl, Seema understood her to be his wife and quickly wished them luck and went away. Pradip did not understand why she was behaving so indifferent till he went home and spoke to his mother. Pradip told his mother that they should help and rehabilitate Seema, Gangaram was not in favor of the same and told his son to lay off from such ventures. Pradip made up his mind and one day visited Seema at her place. Seema was not there but Sunanda gave him the access to Seema's house and told him that she will be back in an hour. 

Seema was looking down and worn out but was definitely beautiful. Her eyes were attractive and face exuded energy of a youthful woman. Pradip was stunned at the beauty even though she was without her bindi and mangalustra. She was a widow but not a hag. 

"Oh God, She is really beautiful", Pradip was convinced. 

He told her his reason for coming and requested her to join work, back at their place. Seema explained to him that it was difficult since she had fresh commitments and will not be able to stick to 'old' and 'new' at the same time. Pradip tried to convince her and in the process could not contain himself and took her hands in his own and started pleading, explaining to her how much his mother felt they owed to her for all that happened with Seema's life all this while.

They wanted and would like to help her out of the crisis and make her see better days. Seema could not understand the 'owing' part of the whole discussion but she could make out that Pradip was somewhat similar to Aadesh, impetuous and extremely emotional. She did not remove his hands and felt them real warm and made her remember Aadesh, she was about to ask him about Aadesh when something told her not to do it so soon. Pradip then got up "Achcha ab mein chalta hoon (I will take leave now), keep this with you, they will help in time of need, please let us know your decision", saying he handed her over a cover with some money inside. Seema let it be on the dressing table and went up to the door and saw him going to his car.

Sunanda quickly came and enquired about the visit. She gave her the usual practical advice, " Join them back, Gangaram cannot touch you and be sure to behave yourself for a while, make use of Pradip till you get yourself around some decent livelihood, kab tak ghar ghar bhatakti aur maari maari phirogi(For how long will you lead a life of a recluse) and then chase your love - Aadesh". 

" Mujhe uski yaad sataati hai- main thodi bahut diwanie hone lag gay hoon, pati ke marne ka gum to hai par us se jyaada gam is ladke ke 'karne' se pareshaan hoon( I am not able to get over Aadesh- maybe I am getting desperate, more because of his act of attempting suicide then losing my own husband)". 

"Chal ab kal se vaapas kaam pe lag ja aur jaldi se jaldi sab theek ho jayega, (Get back to work from tomorrow- all will be fine" - consoled Sunanda. 

Seema went back to their place and was met with lot of resistance from Gangaram- he gave her dirty looks and repeated the earlier threat. She learnt to coolly ignore him and in front of him started talking to Meena more openly and once or twice mentioned Reena. This upset Gangaram and he was pretty annoyed and asked Seema to 'behave' and not to indulge in 'cross blackmail'. 

Seema just gave him 'cool steeled' responses which left him bewildered, she was learning the trick of managing male perceptions very easily and 'thought' she knew what to do with Gangaram. She kept him confused and to the extent that one-day during his usual pooja time in the morning, she strayed in his way and completely ignored his naked state and turned her back to him. He put his arm on her shoulder and the ultimate happened, Seema looked around and making sure of nobody around slapped him fully on his face.

This was too much of a humiliation for Gangaram, here he was trying to make amends and wanted to make her desire him as usual. 

This act of hers outraged him beyond his usual level of temper maintained and he decided to let it known to her. 

She knew it was coming and started trembling as she read the note. 

It was very brief, almost terse. It read simply... "I am very disappointed in you. If you wish to make amends for your misdeeds, you will present yourself to me at 5PM today. Do not be late." ...and it was unsigned. 

She knew exactly what it meant, and the thought chilled her. 

She went over and over, searching for some sign of forgiveness, some glimmer of gentleness, but there was none. She knew she was going to suffer, and she trembled at the thought. She had disappointed him, of course. 

Seema understood that. She reached his office at 5pm, most of the people had left the place and it was nearly deserted. The peon asked her to wait in the reception. At 7 pm - nearly 2 hours from the time she came, he arrived. 

He stepped through the doorway and stopped upon seeing her in that favorite of her wicked garments... and she saw the smile spread on his lips... a smile of relief, of satisfaction and of pride. But quickly he stifled it, pulling on the mask of sternness once more and moving toward her. "Come with me" he said simply. 

She rose, keeping her hands clasped in her womb and followed him. Once inside his office he pointed at the chair. "Sit down". She lowered herself onto the soft upholstered seat, sitting well forward, her back straight, now desperate to please him.

"Lean back" he retorted. He got up instantly and reached with a single fingertip brushed against her nipple, which poked through the opening in her silky garment... teasing it. Instantly it responded drawing up into a tight knot and sending a tingle through her throbbing chest. But before she could close her eyes and enjoy the sensation, his hands moved and she felt the bite of the thick nail as it slid around the nub of nipple flesh.

Seema had never felt so utterly weak, so vulnerable or so completely humiliated before in her entire 27 years of life. The emotion was so intense, that there was almost a bitter sweetness to the moment. She knew that she would remember this moment for all time to come.

As she was thinking of all this, she felt his left hand as it was lightly placed on her back, between the shoulder blades, the fingers lightly tracing the outline of her blouse with the black bra inside, and he applied a slight pressure to pull the upper body towards him, she knew that he wanted to kiss her and knew that he wanted her to kiss him back. She felt the need to resist and pressed back away from him, but not too hard. Gangaram removed her saree from her body and quickly followed with the blouse and left her in the black bra and the white panty. She looked the whore she was meant to be unknown to her Gangaram was getting this entire episode recorded on the camera. 

Once in that state of dress, Seema lost all her modesty and reached for his fly and was surprised to see him all ready, 6 " cock straight and turgid. She licked her lips and slowly wet the lipstick laden lewd lip set, looked lovingly at Gangaram, " Kyon ji bahut gussa the mujhse- main kya intni burri hoon? (What my love, you were angry with me - am I really so bad? ". 

Gangaram caught her hair and with the other hand inserted his turgid dick into the slut's mouth totally. Seema felt gagged and started whimpering and ejected the tool immediately, " Aisi bhi kya jaldi hai- maar daalna chahte ho kya (What's the hurry, you really want to kill me)”. 

Gangaram realized his mistake and patted her on her lips and forehead, this time allowed Seema to take her own sweet path to eternal heaven. Seema cooed, slipping on the sofa close to the red-faced middle aged man and reaching her lovely hands behind her back, Seema removed the black bra and shoved it into his face, moaning "Mmmmmmm ... just stick out your tongue and lick my nipples. They'd really like that.”

Gangaram practically choked but he did exactly what Seema asked. His shivering tongue tip touched the soft, sweet slopes of her tits and he groaned loudly. He couldn't stand much more of this. His cock was almost popping right out in front of her. "Chew on my nipples,Gangu darling," Seema suggested, watching the lusting expression grow on Gangaram' face. "Chew and suck and then we'll do something that will make you jump all over, Gangu, have more fun.”

Seema let a soft moan escape her parted lips as Gangaram began to lick and suck on her nipples with a wild abandon. "A little more sin will not bother you na Gangu, it will not hurt anyone. Can I ask you, I'd love to have your nice hard cock between my tits, Gangu? I've never done it that way." Seema was leading him up the garden path. 
