 She stood, leaning over a kitchen counter, playing a game on her phone when I walked up behind her and placed my hands on her hips. She leaned into me slightly but continued fidgeting with her phone. My cold hands slipped up her hips and under her shirt; she gasped "Your hands are cold".

"I know, I need to warm them up," I said in a playful voice. 

"But they're cold." she said with playful resistance. 

My right hand crept around her body then down her yoga pants. She purred as my fingers approached her throbbing clit. 

"What are you doing?" she asked, resisting slightly by closing her legs, but trying to tease back by pressing her ass against the growing bulged in my pants. 

"Warming my hands." I replied with an evil grin.

Once my finger reached its destination, her knees weakened and her ass slid down against my straining zipper. She slowly brought herself back up, still pressing firmly against me, allowing her legs to open enough for my touch to explore her wetness deeper. 

Her phone went blank as she had forgotten about whatever she was doing with it when I first placed my hands on her. Her head had fallen as her thoughts gave into my exploring fingers. 

My left hand eased its way up her back then gently into her beautiful auburn hair and pulled her head up and towards my body. She gasped as I began kissing her neck and pressing my finger into her smooth, dripping pussy. She could barely talk when I asked her if she was sure that the child upstairs was asleep. 

"I, I, mmmmm, I think... uuhh mmm, so" she slowly mumbled.

I pulled her away from the counter, turned her around to face me, then moved her across the floor where I pressed her against a closet door. Our lips found each other's as my fingers pressed deeper into her. She moaned against my passionate kiss. As I found her spot and rubbed it harder and faster, she moaned and squirmed against the closet door, causing it to shudder against its frame. As I began kissing and biting her neck, working my way to her ear lobe, her breath quickened and became louder. Again, I asked if she was sure that our son was asleep; this time all she could do was nod as I relentlessly probed her. My left hand caressed her neck as I drew my fingers out and teased her clit. She whimpered and pouted until my touch stiffened and rubbed all the way from her clit, down between her wet lips and back, to circle her clit again. I moved my other hand down to her hips and pushed her pants and panties down, she anxiously helped get them off as I continue playing with her.

She reached for my pants and I moved away, making her whimper and frown as smiled at her. 

"What are you going to do about it?" I tease, then lean into her, pressing her against the door again and forcing my fingers back into her dripping pussy. She moans and gasps as my firm hand pins her wrist to the cold wooden door above her head, her other hand gripping the doorknob as if it were a handrail in a roller coaster.

I withdraw my finger and pull her away from the door. Her eyes brighten and she smiles gleefully as I lead her to the couch and allow her to unbuckle my belt. I lay her on the couch and allow her hands to free my stiffened cock from my jeans. She strokes it softly, looking me in the eye, and smiles mischievously as her hand tightens, causing me to release a pleasured growl. For a moment I allow her to tease me, giving her a few seconds of control as I move over her, between her legs before her soft hands guide me into her waiting pussy. I plunge into her as she wraps her legs around me and grabs my ass. 

"FUCK ME!" she moans as I drive myself into her. 

I lunge myself deep into her as I rise up, my hands on her hips, then I pulled her legs from around me and place her ankles on my shoulders. Her hands quickly return to my ass, pulling me into her as she moaned. I continued to fuck her hard and fast until I felt I was going to erupt. 

She had a confused look on her face as withdrew my cock, then grabbed her and flipped her over. She placed her knees on the edge of the couch and gripped the back of it as I slipped my cock into her tight ass. She moaned into the cushion, trying to muffle her voice. Again I grabbed a fistful of her hair and pulled her head back. I could see her face reflecting in the window, eyes widening with every thrust. She reached down between her legs and rubbed her clit as my thrusts deepened. 

She could no longer keep quiet and began moaning "Oh GOD!" with every plunging thrust of my hard cock. 

Her body shuttered with waves of pleasure as she demanded "I want to feel you cum in my ass!" 

My thrusts quickened as I could feel my cock throbbing and tingling as she clinched her tight ass around my cock. I let out a low grown as the release began to come over me. My movements became harder and deeper as my orgasm took over; she smiled back at me while I drained my cock into her amazing ass. 

I slowly withdrew myself and we collapsed onto the couch together.