 She hadn't heard from him since they were together that one time. She'd thought it had been good, but had decided that it must have been less than memorable for him, so she had started to move on. Oh, well, a one-night stand isn't what she had in mind, but if that's all there was, then so be it. She'd made the mistake of calling once, and had regretted it deeply ever since and refused to call again. She'd also sent a couple of e-mails, but had gotten no reply, so she had given up to the belief that it was over. She'd just have to move on.

Her son was playing softball, and would already be gone to the game by the time she left work. She'd have just time enough to run home and change and make it to the field before the game started. She ran in, put on a pair of jeans and a tee shirt and sweater, and ran back out the door. She headed her car toward the ball field, and took the shortcut that passes by Tim's office on her way. She was in a big hurry, and was barely looking that way, when she caught a glimpse of him coming out the door. He waved and motioned for her to stop and pull in.

She pulled in and rolled down the window. "I'm on my way to the ball park, my son plays tonight, two games." 

He was just grinning at her, and was appreciating the slightly rumpled appearance that was so uncommon. She was usually "Ms. Priss", all dressed up for work and looking prim and proper. He smiled and said, can't you be late, or just miss the first one all together?" I've got something I want to show you. 

She said, well, "I can stop for just a minute, but I can't stay." He just chuckled at her under his breath, and followed her into his office, closing and locking the door behind them.

She knew him well enough to know the look on his face and said "I don't have time for this tonight." Then she remembered the hurt and rejection she had been feeling the last few days, the humiliation of chasing after someone who obviously wasn't interested, whom she had obviously disappointed with her limited sexual experience, and thought that it would be nice to be with someone who did appreciate it, who she had been with before and who obviously was still interested. Maybe this was the shot in the arm her self-esteem needed. After all, her husband certainly wasn't interested these days, or was usually too drunk to care one way or the other.

She followed him to his back office, where the computer screen was glowing, the only light in the room. He popped in a cd, which she recognized as one of the ones she had made him, and instantly a scene of a man and woman leapt onto the screen.

"I watch this and think of you. I really appreciate your making it for me." 

She said. "No problem, glad to be of help."

The woman on the screen was lying on a bed in a red teddy with her arms outstretched over her head. The man walked into the room and saw here there, went to the bed and sat down. Then, he started kissing her neck and slipping the teddy straps from her shoulders. His mouth traveled from her neck to her breast and gently kissed the peak of it.

She heard Tim's voice from behind her saying "Mm, that looks absolutely delicious." His hands removed the sweater from her shoulders, and were moving up under her tee shirt, seeking the clasp of her bra. 

She sighed and said "Yes, that does look delicious," as she watched the man on the screen begin to nibble at the woman's nipples, taking each in his mouth and ministering to it for a minute before moving to the next.

Tim found the clasp of her bra and unhooked it, immediately moving his hands around to her front to cup one full, lush breast in each hand, and begin finessing her nipples. "Mmmmmmmm." she sighed, and let her head fall back against his chest. She could feel him growing hard against her butt as he manipulated her breasts. She could feel herself growing warm and damp, and could feel slight flutters begin in her pussy, stirring there like a wild, caged animal awaiting escape.

Tim groaned behind her and said "Feel how much I want you?" "I've been thinking about doing this for so long." "How long's it been? A year, two?" 

She said "I don't know, I've lost count."

She was leaning back against him, relaxing, enjoying the stirrings he was awakening within her, thinking about .............. no, she wasn't going to go there. She should have known better. What would a young man want with her? So she concentrated on the screen in front of her, and the warm, questing hands that were now easing her tee shirt over her head.

On the screen, the man was still sucking and nibbling on the woman's hard nipples, his hand had found her mound and was caressing it, beginning to finger her just a little.

Tim was turning her around to face him. "Let me taste those sweet tits." he said, as he sat down in his desk chair and pulled her to him, immediately fastening his hot, hungry mouth on her nipple and beginning to worry it with his tongue and teeth.

"Mm." he sighed.

"Mm." She said, "That feels so good, you are making me hot for you."

"Mm." another muffled mumble from Tim as he worked on her nipples, biting them, gently, then more firmly, bringing them to full peak under his attentions. His fingers were working the button and zipper of her jeans. He released her nipple long enough to say "I want to see that sweet pussy." and then captured it again, savagely, biting and stretching it, the way she liked it, and he knew it.

"Oh, yes!! That's wonderful." she cried out, as his mouth worked her into a frenzy and his hands rid her of her jeans and panties in one fluid motion.

He leaned back and said, "Sit up on the edge of my desk." She did, and he parted her legs and rolled up to her like a doctor rolling up to examine a patient. His face was bent down so he could look at the pink petals of her womanhood spread out in front of him. He took a finger and inserted it gently into her. "You're wet and warm, just as I knew you would be." And began sliding his finger in and out, slowly, deeply, pressing her spot each time for just a second and then withdrawing.

"Mm, yes." She said, as her hips started to respond to his touch.

"Do you wane me?" he asked? 

"Yes." She sighed. "I want you to fuck me."

He stood up and rid himself of his shirt. She helped him get his slacks and belt out of the way. He was standing in front of her and she was perched on the edge of his desk. His finger returned to its busy work, and her mouth found the little bud of a nipple on his chest. She took it into her mouth, and heard a "shew" gush out of him. His dick was hard, and she found it with her hands and began to pump it while his finger worked in her pussy, bringing her to the edge of climax, and then withdrawing.

She stood up and turned around, propping her elbows on the desk and said, "This way."

He grunted, and entered her fiercely from behind, sinking his hard, throbbing cock completely into her hot, wet pussy, grabbing her hips and pulling her even harder on him.

"Oh yeah, that's it, that's the sweet fuck I remember." He said. "Why have we waited so long to do this again?"

She couldn't answer, she was moaning. Then she said "Fuck me hard. Pound me, make me cum all over you." 

He said, "Sure thing," and was pounding into her over and over again, rubbing her clit between his thumb and forefinger, his balls slapping violently against her. The flood hit her hard. Muscles contracting, trembling, jerking moaning. Then she felt him quicken his pace, becoming more demanding and urgent in his thrusting. "Oh yeah baby." he said, and she felt the hot fluid stream shooting into her. She was wiggling side to side to milk every drop. They were sweating and spent.

She cleaned herself up and got dressed. As she left she turned at the door and said "It's nice to know you're wanted."