 "Yes, I'm your toy. I love you Tim, I know we just met but right now if you asked I would transfer to your college, move in with you and fuck you morning and night just to feel like this all the time. If my butt and you peeing in my mouth is what it takes those are both sacrifices I'm ready to make." I said as I kissed his face and neck. And at that moment at least, I meant it. We had amazing sex, he was a wonderful guy and although I had done some pretty gross things, well gross to some people, not me, I didn't feel the least bit used or degraded. 

"Well my fiancé and I are pretty open, but I don't think she would go for that."

There was a long pause as I knelt beside his legs and felt our mess leaking from me wearing only my slutty little garter belt and slutty thigh highs that felt so exciting and erotic when I put them on, but instantly made me feel like trash now. 

"You have a fiancé?"

Now I felt used and disgusting. 

"Yes but it's not like you thin..."

"And you didn't mention it until now?"

"Well I tried to but you put my cock in your mouth and then"

"I was already naked then! Why,,, why couldn't you tell me at the gym, or at the mall, or at lunch or when... oh God I'm a horrible shitty person! And you! Oh fuck what the"

"Calm down Addy, it's not like that. Ivy and I have an open and honest relationship, we share everything, but she is finishing out her tour in Germany and we agreed we would see other people until she gets home, and, well, we're in the lifestyle so after that but probably as a couple then. So it's no big deal."

"What the hell are you talking about?!" I demanded. I was still quivering from the climax I had, and now had the taste of our sexual congress in my mouth and felt gross and wicked for fucking another girl's guy. I had boyfriends cheat on me before, I mean, we had not had sex but still, they stepped out and dated other girls and I knew how it felt. I always thought the other woman was the lowest thing a person could be and now I was a horrible person too. 

"We're open, it's okay. Look, Ivy and I met in Japan, she was a lot more adventurous than me, she's a nurse and I had to go in for a checkup. We got to talking, then phone calls later, well, she asked me out and our first date she took me to a swingers club there. I didn't understand what anyone was saying, but, uh, lust is a universal language. We did it, in a room with a half dozen Japanese couples getting it on too, and after that we were, huh, I was about to say inseparable, well, anyway, we both are polyamorous, we like variety and we don't hold each other's desires against each other. I love that she finds fulfillment with other men and women, and she wants me to be happy too. I went reserves when she went to Germany and once she rotates out she is too, and moving here. We talk all the time and we don't hide anything because we don't have to. Right now she is about to end her shift and go to a German club, that is what got me thinking about German pee play in fact and"

"She's into that?"

"We've talked about it, I don't think it's her thing. But... uh, where was I?"

"I don't know. Something about you and your fiancé aren't committed enough to not fuck other people and not tell them about your relationship until afterwards so they can't really decide if they want to be a part of it or not. Its, it's just sordid!" I snapped at him. 

"Maybe, but it works for us and you have no reason to feel guilty. And you have no right to judge us. I was kind of hoping to introduce you two at the end of the summer when she gets here and see, you know, how it goes. "

"Why would I feel guilty? I'm not the one that... ugh.. Look, I'm not judging you, I just think that is something I should have known before we... And introduce us? What? You want to fuck me while your wife to be watches? I think you should leave now."

"I was hoping you two would sixty nine each other while I alternate between you."

"Gross!"

"Aww don't be mad Addy its, no,"

"I'm... I'm not really mad. I uh, I just have to think. I really thought we clicked, and now you tell me this... And you apparently think I'm a lesbian after everything we just did. I'm pretty sure I showed you my dedication to the hetero lifestyle. You're... It's more than I can deal with. "

"I was hoping we could watch the recording and"

"Not now, maybe tomorrow, right now I need a shower. Can you put everything away?

"Uh sure. Okay."

A hot shower rinsed the filth from my body but not my mind. After I dried off I just pulled on fresh panties, a bra and sweats and pulled my hair back. Since they were the most readily available I went with a pretty sexy matching set, but I felt anything but sexy. Just enough make up so that children would not scream at me and I was pretty much ready to go. The wig went into my bathroom closet behind years of failed make up, shampoo, conditioners and skin treatments. 

When I came out of the shower Tim reminded me of my contacts, which I switched out for glasses, I really hate fucking around with my eyes. He had packed the camera and unhooked everything as well. 

"So, do I get a copy?"

"No."

"Kidding. Let's review tomorrow then delete it, 'k?"

"I don't know. I may look at it tonight and... What makes you think we are getting together tomorrow?"

"We have a lot of dance work left to do and you just said so a few minutes ago."

"Tim. You're engaged. If I had known that"

"Addy, we've been over this. Ivy and I are open but together. She's not going to be threatened or jealous or any of that, and you shouldn't be either."

"Just because you live that way doesn't mean I want to. Don't try to make that decision for me."

"Okay, well, if you don't want to be together sexually we don't have to. I'm sorry this is a problem for you, it's not for me or Ivy. Maybe you can meet her sometime and understand. We're just different is all. Anyway, give me a ride home?"

"Sure, you're not parked at the gym?"

"No, I just live a few block from there. I use the walk as my warm up if it isn't raining."

"Oh, okay, sure."

"One more thing, turn around."

"Why?"

"One last step, you'll like it, here, face the mirror. Good, now your legs need to be straight below your hips, good, no, too open, close up a bit... that's right" He said as I reacted to his instructions. I was going along with this just to, well just so he would leave and I could be alone really and I didn't feel like arguing with him.

Right now lower yourself down, no back straight, bend at the knees just a little. Okay, a little more. Perfect. Now, slowly, you will have to concentrate a bit at first, straighten your right leg, not your left, and keep your back straight so just your right hip rises. Perfect!"

It may have been perfect, but it was awkward.

"Okay bend your right knee again until you are level with your left, now, straighten your left, and then back down."

I did this, with Tim making corrections for a minute or so then he had me go faster. Then faster again. 

"Great! Now practice that until you can go about twice as fast, and tomorrow we will add turning and stepping with it."

"Okay, uh"

"You're doing a traditional belly dance Addy! So proud of you! Most girls take weeks to get where you are!"

I did it again looking in the mirror and really watching myself this time. Okay, I wasn't Shakira, but I, well I wasn't horrible either. So... cool!

We didn't talk much on the way to Tim's house but what we said was friendly enough. I stopped being angry about him being engaged and began to just wish that he wasn't. Great guy, but already taken. Story of my life? I hope not. 

After I dropped him off I decided to stop by a local deli known for, well a lot of things, but I go there for some amazing chicken salad and usually pretty good soups when I know there is no food in the house. I placed my order at the counter, took my number and turned to hear someone say "Addy?

It was Brent, a guy I went out with once in high school. He was a great guy, smart as a tack and ripped from working out. And stupidly good looking. He had fucked his way through every girl in our class that would, and dated at least one who wasn't ready for that yet. Well, we went out one time anyway. We never clicked, although I may have kissed him good night, but he was a great guy. I had heard some weird stuff about him via the local gossip mill, but ignored it all as I'm not into small town gossip.  

"Brent!" I exclaimed, smiling at him. 

I went to his table, he was there with two really pretty, even sexy, girls Okay every male eye that wasn't staring at my ass was staring at them. One looked sort of familiar, and I was about to hug Brent and kiss him on the cheek but I realized two things; one, the girl that looked familiar was his little sister, who I had met around the time we went out. She had really grown up. Two, they were holding hands and she had the biggest diamond I had ever seen on it, along with a wedding band. 

What. The. Total. Fuck. 

Please someone make sense of this world for me!

"How are you Addy? This is my wife, Jessie and our friend Carolyn, girls this is Addy, uh, Adele, we graduated high school together.

"Aren't you.." I blurted out, rudely but I was kind of in shock.

"No. And yes." Jessie interrupted me with a grin. "Didn't you"

And I knew she was going to ask if I went out with Brent, which of course she knew I had. I guess I was in an over sharing mood as I replied without thinking.

"Yes, but he was a perfect gentleman."

This brought a deep laugh from Carolyn and Jessie, while poor Brent just shook his head. 

"Why don't you sit down Addy, We're waiting on a late lunch or early dinner, whatever you call it." Jessie said. 

"So what have you been... oh bullshit, so word is you two got married?" I asked.

"Oh! That's what you were going to ask, usually people here in town ask us that second. Yes, Yes we got married on New Year's Eve, but that was just a private ceremony to get into married student housing, which we never went in to. We're having a big church wedding to keep our parents happy in a week. That's why we are in town today, talking to everyone mom has hired to put it together." Jessie grinned.

"Uh, what do people usually ask first?"

"Aren't you two brother and sister?" Carolyn giggled, then added "I've heard that at least three times this weekend."

"Uh" I mumbled, still very much confused. "I wasn't going to ask that, seems like a rude question to me but..."

"But? Oh go ahead, that's why I said 'no and yes.' No we are not siblings. I was in foster care with the same parents that adopted Brent, but we aren't blood relatives. Everyone sort of thought we were, and we never really told anyone otherwise because it didn't come up, and when you are in foster your first goal is to try to fit in if you can. But the Anderson's are great."

"So we share parents, but we aren't rela.. well now we are." Brent finished.

"I get them every other week and half the summer." Carolyn said plainly. 

"Huh?" Brent said.

"You're parents. I think they have adopted me too."

"Well you do spend a lot of time there." Jessie quipped.

"So you dated Brent? You must tell us about that!"

"Oh, we went to see... what movie was it Brent?"

"No idea"

"Hmmm, his mind wasn't on the movie apparently Jessie, this is not sounding good." Carolyn said wickedly.

"No no! I mean it! Brent was a perfect gentleman, He dropped me off at my house on time, kissed me on the cheek, told me he had a great time, never made a move on me and never called again. Story of my life. Meet a great guy and poof! He's gone!"

"Well your dad kind of scared the hell out of me" Brent confided, before you came down we just sat there and he stared at me. Didn't say a word, then when you got there he just grunts 'Ten O'clock. No later.'"

"I never knew he did that! I'm going to have to talk to him, no wonder I never get asked out twice!"

"I think I like your dad" Jessie grinned.

"I figured you knew him, Addy and her family live over on Concord, like, what? Five blocks from us?"

"Oh?"

"Yes, Roberson? Not the real estate guy, that's my uncle. My dad is the doctor."

"Oh! I know him! That's... "And then Jessie shut up instantly. "He is really nice." She finished awkwardly. Dad was a gyno, and I now knew that at least at one time, if not currently, Jessie was a patient. It comes with the territory. My dad had seen most of my girlfriend's junk. It's a small town.

We talked and caught up, they were all in school as well and lived together in a duplex off campus. No kids, none in the immediate future. I told them I was in school had a boyfriend but it wasn't serious blah blah blah"

Carolyn told me that she had joined the "Boys are stinky and useless club' and I could apply for membership. I told her I might, given my luck with guys. 

They were warm people that I liked immediately. Carolyn was hysterical in fact and by the time we finished our meals, with the girls eating like rabbits and Brent eating everything that wasn't nailed down, she and I had bonded. 

It was so nice having a normal conversation with people who owned books they didn't have to color the pictures in. 

Something was bugging me as I finally had to ask

"Jessie, weren't you..."

"We have a winner! Who picked 'after we eat?"" Carolyn giggled.

"Yes, I nearly died, I was in a coma for about six weeks but I lived and we got married as soon as I got out of the hospital. It's okay, I just get tired of being known as the girl that nearly died in that wreck. It has been like six months now and whenever we are down here, or on campus someone asks and..."

"You were in a wreck? And a coma? That's terrible! I'm glad you're okay, no I was trying to place you, I mean, I remember you were Brent's, uh foster sister I guess, I never knew that, but were you a year or two years behind us in school?"

"Really? You weren't going to ask about..."

"No, didn't know anything about it. I've been out of town for most of the last year. I mean, that's horrible, I'm glad you're okay but I was wondering about school. I guess, wow, I suppose I should have asked but I didn't"

"Brent I like this one. Can we keep her?" She grinned. 

"Jessie is tired of being known as the girl that lived." Carolyn said. 

"Well, that beats the alternative, and it's Harry Potterish. But yeah, I mean, you should be known for who you are, not what happened to you."

"Yep, we're keeping her Brent. Welcome to the family Addy" Jessie laughed. "So you're into Harry Potter?"

"Duh. I'm in Ravenclaw on Pottermore and made my parents go to Orlando on vacation my junior year so I could get a wand."

"Oh! I'm Gryffindor, and Brent is, well I took the test for him and, it is shameful really, Hufflepuff."

"So you're Slytherin Carolyn?" I asked.

Jessie looked at Brent and announced that she loved me. And I loved her too. 

They had to leave to meet with more wedding people, but it was demanded that I be at the wedding. 

"Do you have a date? We will need to add a plus one, but that's no problem."

"Uh no. I'm the President of the Boys are Stinky and Useless Club."

"No, I'm the President, you can be the Vice President." Carolyn smirked.

"Hmmm, if I can't be President I want to be the Sergeant at Arms. We have spankings in the rules don't we?" I giggled back at Carolyn.

"Hmmm, No Jessie, I'm keeping her. Tell you what, I don't have a date either, you be my plus one. That will save Allison from pulling her hair out about having to alter the catering order."

"Okay, but if you fill me up with tequila, I'm on top."

"My safe word is 'apple'" she giggled back. In the dorm we made lesbian jokes a lot, but I was surprised I had not shocked Carolyn. Jessie and Brent stared though.

"Well, you two really hit it off" Jessie finally laughed.

"Just making dorm jokes. Bad ones. Mine is coed by floors but guys are always wandering by, and probably some girls are wandering by theirs. So to avoid conversations we don't want, we just started talking like we are lesbians. I'm dedicating my life to celibacy I think" I smiled, then added, "Because boys are stinky and useless!"

"Don't listen to her, we're not joking." Carolyn said as she took my hand and interlocked our fingers. It was funny so I didn't snatch my hand back. 

"Besides, Adele is hot." Carolyn added.

"Nuh uh! You're the hot one, I'm butch!" I replied. 

"Oh well don't mind us, if you want to make out or something." Brent said.

"Down boy!" Jessie giggled.

"We're just kidding anyway, geez Brent. Perv." Carolyn laughed.

"Do you like it when girls play with your butt?" I asked Carolyn.

"Sometimes, if we're really in love and their nails are trimmed short and they go really slow and gently."

"Me too!" I exclaimed with faux excitement.

At this point Jessie was laughing so hard she was having trouble breathing, and I was about to wet myself. Brent just stared that same dreamy stare he had in school that had dropped so many panties.

"Hey Addy, what are you doing this afternoon?" Jessie asked.

"Uh nothing, and specifically not helping plan a wedding, seriously, you don't want my level of cynicism there right now. But I would love to attend, its next weekend, right?"

"Right, and no, we have the planning under control" Jessie replied with a smile. 

"Ha!" Carolyn practically shouted, with Brent now laughing.

"No, I was going to say Carolyn is done with her fitting so maybe you guys could hang out, we don't need her level of cynicism either. We're busy and she is mopey. It's a stupid boyfriend thing."

"Not a boyfriend." Carolyn replied, "Well, not now anyway" she smiled.

"You too huh?" I asked.

"Boys are stinky and useless. Wanna go to the mall, have drinks, then get tattoos?" Carolyn asked.

"Oh! Can they be hearts that say 'Jessie and Brent for evah" and have knives and skulls?"

"Wow I was thinking the same thing!"

"On our butts to attract attention!"

"I don't think you need that. Someone was staring while you ordered." Jessie said.

"Brent! Don't stare at my butt! You're a married man! Perv!" I giggled at his mild humiliation. He just laughed though.

"It wasn't me!" He said, pointing at Carolyn.

"Guilty as charged. How many squats do you do to get that?"

"A bunch! "I confessed, "And thank you! It's nice that someone appreciates all my work that isn't stinky and useless!"

"I'm not sure 'appreciates' is the word so much as envies." Carolyn replied. 

I had not spent time with another girl in forever it seemed. I was never a social butterfly in high school, although I wasn't a hermit either. At college I had a roommate I liked to hang out with but she was never there and I focused on school. As Carolyn's car was twenty miles away, she had ridden with Jessie and Brent, we got into my Benz, a gift from my father that had eighty thousand miles on it and smelled like a diesel, because it was and would last for freakin' ever whether I wanted it to or not, and tore off for my second trip to the mall. 

"So where do we get tattoos around here?" Carolyn snickered.

"On our butts, remember? Nothing more fun than being face down with your ass in some meth addled biker's face why he sticks needles in your... Oh you mean where they do them, no idea, never wanted a tattoo, still don't. I really don't want to go to the mall either, and I don't really drink, I just thought it would be fun to hang out with a person that could speak actual sentences, had read a book without coloring it and wasn't trying to get in my pants for a while. This town doesn't give many chances like that. Do you smoke pot?"

"Yes! Got any?"

"No, but I know where some usually is! Let's go!" I laughed.

We went back to my house, with Carolyn remarking that we were in the same community that Jessie and Brent's parents live in. In fact they were just a few blocks away, but Carolyn made clear that although she loved everyone there, she needed to get away from the stress of wedding planning.
