 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.

*

I left Selena snoozing again on Friday morning as I headed downstairs for day two of the conference, assuming that she'd be out at the pool as soon as she was awake. I definitely had a smile on my face for the entire morning given what I'd experienced over the previous two days and that she'd be meeting me back at the room for lunch again. I sent her a text as I was getting ready to head upstairs but, as with the day before, she was already there. This time, however, she was in the bathroom but had written down what she wanted for lunch and asked me to go ahead and order. Once I'd finished calling down, she poked her head out of the bathroom door and suggested that I have my camera ready.

Sitting on the end of the bed with my camera all set, I watched as she exited the bathroom wearing stockings, a garter belt, a g-string and a bra. She strutted and posed for me again, indulging my desire to have a treasury of photos of her. When I finally set my camera aside, she took my hand and led me over to the table. She opened my pants and dropped them and my briefs to my ankles, briefly stroking my cock before having me sit on one of the chairs. Standing in front of me, she rubbed the front of her panties before pulling them aside and straddling me. She guided my cock to her pussy and lowered herself onto it, both of us moaning as her hot pussy engulfed my tool.

Naturally, my hands went right to her ass as we started making out while she rode me hard and fast, knowing that our lunch wouldn't take too long to be delivered. Her pussy felt incredibly hot and wet, which made me wonder whether it was the anticipation or the outfit that had her so fired up. I was pleased when, after just a minute or so of fucking, she started to tremble as she had her first orgasm. Though surprising, her pussy actually felt even better after she'd cum, so there wasn't much worry that I wouldn't cum in time myself. I could already feel my orgasm beginning to build and, since she'd already cum, I figured I'd just go for it and make this a real quickie. I was pushing up into her, my ass coming up off the chair, as I penetrated her as deeply as I could and relished the feel of it.

Her ass was slapping against my thighs as my orgasm grew closer and my cock swelled in anticipation of blasting my load into her. I kept fucking her as she let out a cry and started to cum again but, as her pussy was flooded once again with additional lubrication, my orgasm started coming on even faster. I relished the wave of pleasure that I was riding and the intense feeling as I started spurting into her, with a groan. I kept pushing into her as long as I continued to spew, then collapsed back onto the chair with her still on my lap and my cock still buried inside her. We sat there catching our breath and had just started to get up when there was a knock at the door and a call of "Room Service!"

I quickly yanked my pants and briefs up while expecting Selena to dash into the bathroom, but she just adjusted her g-string so that her bush was covered and took a seat on the edge of the bed. I let the hotel employee in and noticed that his gaze was fixed on Selena as soon as he noticed her. I watched with amusement as she smiled at him and he almost crashed his cart. He managed to get our lunch on the table even with the distraction, so I had Selena give him his tip which I'm sure made his day. We sat down to eat and, as with the previous day, talked about what we'd each done that morning and laughed about the effect Selena'd had on the guy who'd delivered our lunch. We speculated about whom he was telling about it and whether he'd taken a bathroom break to think about Selena with his cock in his fist.

I couldn't blame the guy if he did; she did look smoking hot the way she was dressed and, by the time we were finished eating, I was already thinking about fucking her again. I dared her to put the dishes outside the door, dressed as she was and, when she took the dare, I grabbed my camera. She stepped all the way into the hallway and squatted to set the dishes down while I snapped away. She was being a little ballsy, posing for me in the hallway, until she heard a door open and about ran me over to get back into the room. When we finished laughing at her speedy exit from the hallway, it was pretty clear that we were both thinking the same thing. I had her bend over and lean on the table while I got a lot of nice photos, especially of her ass split by the g-string.

I was fully aroused by the time I set the camera down and stepped up behind her. I dropped my pants and underwear then rubbed my rigid tool between her thighs before pulling her g-string aside and slipping into her. We both moaned as my cock filled her and my hips pressed against her sweet ass before I started to slowly thrust in and out of her. I held her hips and watched her ass as my hips bounced off of it and made it jiggle slightly. She slipped a hand back between her thighs to caress her clit as she pushed back against me, her head resting on her arm on the tabletop.

Our time together was more than half over at this point so I was even more conscious of savoring every stroke of my cock in and out of her hot pussy, but I also had to be back downstairs soon for the final session of the conference. Knowing that we had the entire night and a good part of the next morning ahead of us, I was okay with fucking her hard and fast to get both of us off quickly. Selena never seemed to have a problem cumming so I was focused on my own pleasure as my cock slid in and out of her and I felt my orgasm building. I was pleased when she let out a cry and I could feel her body quivering below my hands but I just kept going, getting closer even faster now that her pussy had been flooded with additional fluids.

My cock started to swell in anticipation of another orgasm as I appreciated the level of pleasure that I was experiencing thanks to Selena's hot pussy. My hips were smacking her ass at this point as I fucked her hard and she pushed back against me. Finally, I exploded inside her with a moan and continued to thrust with each spurt from my cock. It was only when my cock started to soften that I stopped. I backed up a couple of steps and started to pull my underwear and pants back on as I glanced at the clock. I was going to cut it close, but I doubted anyone would care. Selena kissed me and sent me on my way.

I was really pleased when the afternoon session concluded earlier than expected and, rather than sticking around to network like my bosses would have liked, I headed over to see if Selena was still at the pool. I saw from inside the hotel that she was still out there sunning, so I headed upstairs and slipped into my own swimsuit. I was amused when I got back to see the guy who'd delivered our lunch staring through a window into the pool area at Selena.

"You like the bikini or the lingerie better?" I asked, sidling up next to him. He turned to look at me wide-eyed and took off like a shot. I laughed then headed out the door onto the pool deck. Selena didn't look around, so I just went over to her and, placing a hand on her ass, asked if she needed more lotion. I startled her a bit, but she was pleased to see me and agreed to join me for a swim. I went and jumped into the deeper end, but she eased herself down the steps then swam over to me. I held onto the side as she wrapped herself around me to stay afloat, which got my cock to start growing as her pussy started rubbing against it. We weren't alone at the pool but we were the only ones actually in it for the moment. I reached down and untied the drawstring of my swimsuit then lowered the waistband enough to allow my cock to pop out. Selena reached down to stroke it as I pulled her bikini bottom aside then guided it toward her pussy. I slipped easily in and the warmth was a nice contrast to the cool pool water.

With her arms around my neck and her legs around my waist, she started to subtly hump my cock as I glanced around to make sure no one was paying attention to us. We appeared to be unobserved, so I worked my way into a bit shallower water so that I could support us with my feet on the bottom of the pool. I leaned my shoulders against the pool edge and slipped my hands down to Selena's ass then just relished that we were in no rush and had nowhere that we needed to be. It really was blissful to have the conference over and be basking in the sun while submerged in the pool as my cock repeatedly penetrated Selena's pussy and my hands caressed her ass. I hoped that we looked like a happy couple just enjoying each other's company and a little physical contact and not like the two horny monkeys that we were, fucking in public.

We weren't making out, not wanting to be visibly inappropriate and reveal that we were actually being much more inappropriate, so I started to speak softly into Selena's ear. I was telling her how I wanted to strip off her bikini and fuck her doggie-style on a chaise lounge or just sit her up on the edge of the pool and eat her pussy or fuck her. She started to moan softly into my ear as I went on and I wasn't surprised that her pussy was starting to feel hotter and wetter. Since we were still not attracting any attention, from anyone around the pool area anyway, I started to bounce her up and down faster on my cock. She let out a soft cry as her body started to tremble but I kept fucking her since her pussy was feeling better and better while she came. 

I don't know if she ever came back down completely as I continued to fuck her and my own orgasm was slowly building. Her breathing sounded like panting in my ear as my cock penetrated her hard and fast under the water while I tried to keep our upper bodies relatively still. She almost let a louder gasp escape as she came again and, as much as I wanted to just keep fucking her until we were both completely waterlogged, I knew I wouldn't be able to last with the way her pussy kept getting hotter and more slippery. The pleasure I was feeling was so incredibly intense that I knew I'd have to be careful myself not to moan loudly when I finally came. My cock was swelling in anticipation and I was definitely looking forward to the climax of these pleasurable feelings. I was thinking that I might be able to get her there again even though she'd already cum twice since she still seemed to be on the verge, so I slipped one hand into her bikini bottom.

Due to the highly chlorinated water, there was no lube available to penetrate her ass, so I just started to massage her anus and, sure enough, she started to shake as she came again. This time, the flood of hot fluids was too much for me and I started spurting into her while trying not to moan. Had we not both been submerged in the pool, we'd probably have been sweating profusely; instead, we were both breathing heavily, as if we'd just finished swimming laps. Once we'd both finished cuming and had caught our breath, Selena suggested she should probably get out before she left floaties. The image was pretty unappealing, so I followed her as she exited the pool once our swimsuits were back in place.

We hung out by the pool for a while, enjoying the sun while we had the opportunity but, knowing that we had less than twenty-four hours left together, we soon headed up to the room. The smell of chlorine and sunscreen was still strong on our skin, so we decided to shower right away. As I was following her into the room, I untied her bikini top and she caught it as it dropped, then cast it aside. She turned to face me and I caressed her tits and hard nipples while she untied my swimsuit drawstring. She pushed my swimsuit down and let it drop to my ankles as she took my growing cock in her hand and stroked it. I kicked my swimsuit aside and stripped off my t-shirt, then reached for her bikini bottoms. She was still stroking my cock, which was nearly rigid, as I untied the strings on each hip and her bikini bottom fell away to expose her trim, blonde bush.

"Are you ready?" she asked, looking up from my cock to my face. I nodded, then leaned down to kiss her. We made out for a minute while she continued to stroke my tool.

"Are you going to fuck my ass again?" she asked as I pulled my lips from hers. Again, I nodded, so she turned and started leading me toward the bathroom, still holding my tool. While she was bent over to turn on the water and adjust the temperature, I dropped to my knees behind her and started to tongue her asshole. Even once the shower was going, she didn't appear to be in any kind of a hurry to straighten up. When she finally did, it was because she was anxious to have my tool buried in her ass. We stepped into the shower and she immediately began to lather up my throbbing cock, then turned and presented her ass to me so that I could lather it up, as well. I probed her with a finger to make sure she was good and lubed, then guided my slick tool into her tight asshole.

We both moaned loudly and she dropped a hand between her legs to work on her clit as I started to slide my cock slowly in and out of her ass, holding her by her hips. I was watching my tool disappearing between her sweet ass cheeks and, once I had a steady rhythm going, I slid my hands up to caress her tits. She started to tremble as she came very soon after I started fucking her ass, then started to push back against me even harder while still working her pussy over with one of her hands. I was relishing the pleasurable feelings that I was experiencing due to her tight ass and enjoying the slow build of my orgasm, which was coming on quicker now that she was pushing back harder against me.

I was gently caressing the soft, smooth flesh of her tits while brushing my palms over her erect nipples as my cock slid in and out of her ass. I didn't know if she was fingering her pussy or stroking her clit, but her hand seemed to be moving fairly vigorously and she was starting to moan louder. My cock was starting to swell as I got closer to cumming when Selena suddenly let out a wail and started to shake again. I wasn't sure whether she'd still be able to stand up after such an intense orgasm, so I wrapped my arms around her as she used both of her arms to brace herself against the wall. I humped her ass harder and faster while feeling the pleasure continue to build until I finally exploded in to her ass with a grunt. I continued to fuck her ass until I was spent and started to soften, then released her and slipped my shrinking cock from her ass.

She still seemed a little dazed, so I took the opportunity to get her lathered up and rinsed off. By the time I was done, she'd recovered enough to do the same for me. As we were toweling each other off after finishing up, we figured out our plan for the rest of the night. We'd been fucking each other silly for the entire time, so we didn't feel like we had to madly squeeze in as much as we could over the next twelve or so hours, but we did want to enjoy our remaining time together with plenty more sexual escapades. We decided to go out for a nice dinner, then spend the rest of the night in the hotel room. She slipped into another sexy dress with nothing under it so I was certain that we'd both be ready to go again by the time we got back to the hotel. 

Dinner was nice and, as if knowing that she was sans undergarments wasn't enough, Selena was flashing me whenever she was certain no one else was paying attention. I was lucky that I wasn't pitching a tent when we finally left the restaurant, though I was anxious to get her out of that dress as soon as possible. We didn't have the luxury of a private elevator to our floor, but once we were inside the room we were all over each other...until Selena said she had to pee. While she stepped into the bathroom, I grabbed my camera and took a couple of pictures of her sitting on the bowl before stepping in front of her so that she could suck my cock. As she wrapped her lips around it, I was trying to get a decent shot of her sitting on the toilet in her sexy dress while sucking me off. The best one was when she had the hem of her skirt up around her waist so that her blonde bush was exposed while my cock was buried in her mouth.

Before I was close to cumming, but after I'd enjoyed her cocksucking for a sufficient amount of time, I stepped back so that my cock slipped out of her mouth. She grabbed some toilet paper to clean herself up, then stood and flushed before washing her hands. I stepped up behind her at the sink and raised the hem of her skirt, rubbing my throbbing cock against her ass crack before slipping it into her dripping pussy as she dried her hands. She lowered her head to rest on one arm on the countertop while the other slipped back between her legs. I was holding the dress up with my hands on her hips while admiring her ass as my hips bounced against it. My goal was to get her to an orgasm, then get her naked and continue to indulge our desires outside of the bathroom.

As always, her pussy felt outstanding as I slid my cock in and out of it and I silently offered thanks once again for the opportunity to experience it. The longer I fucked her, the more noise she started making and the harder she was pushing her ass back against my incoming thrusts. Her pussy grew hotter and wetter as I continued to fuck it so I wasn't surprised when she let out a cry and her body started to shake. I kept fucking her with long, hard strokes right through her orgasm, then pulled out once I knew she was finished cumming. She straightened up and turned to face me, taking my cock in her hand and stroking it as we made out. I started to raise her dress up, so she backed up enough to allow me to, then started to help me out of my shirt. I let her dress drop onto the counter, then stepped out of my pants and briefs as they'd dropped to my ankles by then. With both of us naked, we left the bathroom and looked around the hotel room to decide what to do next and where.

"We haven't fucked on the desk yet," Selena pointed out, so she sat up on the edge and I guided my cock back into her hot pussy as I stood before her. She wrapped her arms and legs around me and we made out as I slid my cock in and out of her pussy. Although fucking her on the desk was a bit of a novelty, it wasn't all that erotic in reality so I was ready for our next move fairly quickly. We'd fucked in the bed, on the table, bent over the table, on a chair, in the shower and now at the bathroom sink. We'd also sixty-nined on the bed and gone down on each other. We had not left very much untried. I decided we might as well enjoy the comfort of the king-size bed, so I lifted her off the desk with my hands on her ass while still embedded in her and carried her to it. I got us to the middle of the bed on my knees then lowered her down so that I was over her and started fucking her again.

Supporting myself over her as I resumed sliding my cock in and out of her hot pussy, I brought my lips to hers and we started to make out again. I was relishing the moment as our bodies moved together, her nipples brushing against my chest and her hips rocking to meet my incoming thrusts. I was penetrating her with long, slow strokes but gradually began to fuck her harder and faster as I felt my orgasm beginning to build. She wrapped her legs around me and held me tightly while her tongue continued to explore my mouth. The greater the pleasure I was feeling, the harder I was fucking her until I finally pulled my mouth from hers and let out a long moan. I started to spurt inside her as I was overcome with intensely pleasurable feelings. Once I was finally spent, it took a couple of minutes before I recovered enough to extract my softening member and roll off of her.
