 "What can I do for you?" she asked, a broad smile plastered across her lips.

"What do you mean?" I countered.

"You name it, I'll do whatever. You just managed to sell this place for more than I ever expected and in a down market at that! I want to show you my appreciation."

I was astounded by the concept. I'm a mere realtor, this was the unbelievably hot ex-wife of the richest guy in town. She wants to do something for me? And she was saying all this with a devilish look on her face. I thought for a minute and then figured I'd just through caution to the wind. What the hell, I'll only ever get one opportunity like this.

Candice was in her early thirties, ten years earlier she'd been virtually a child bride for the rich bastard that had screwed what seemed like everyone else in town of of far too much of their hard-earned money over the years, first as both the only green grocer and then gas station operator which allowed him to charge exorbitant rates, then buying up land at under market values, and finally by launching a series of lawsuits against anyone and over anything. He had put his son by his first marriage through law school and as far as ethics went, the apple hadn't fallen far from the tree. 

He hadn't merely screwed everyone figuratively. Rumor had it that he'd had more than his fair share of other men's pussy, often through coercion over money owed him. Candice hadn't known any of this, having been almost a mail-order girl and initially oblivious to much as she enjoyed the high roller lifestyle he had made available to her. Eventually she caught on and then found him red handed, not with another woman, but with an under-aged boy. The divorce was expedient due to the pre-nuptial contract they'd made, but it also left her with the house only, nothing more, and even though he had manipulated the town assessments to his benefit, paying the taxes on a ten thousand square foot home was impossible given that she had no source of income and no bankroll to fall back on.

Over the couple months it had taken for me to find and line up a buyer, Candice and I had gotten close enough that I'd become a confidant of sorts. We were about the same age and although I wasn't divorced, I'd been dumped by my girlfirend of three years, so we had something in common. There had been several occasions where we'd grabbed lunch together and she'd pretty much given me the run of the house in the effort to sell it. She was a gorgeous blonde with an hourglass figure that looked as good in a bikini as it did in jeans and a T shirt.

I knew what she was angling for - she must be as sex starved as I was. Hell, at this point probably even more so, as she'd only been with an octogenarian for the last decade. I wanted to jump her bones right then and there, but another plan began to hatch in the perverted recesses of brain. Maybe I could get something that I'd always wanted but never had the opportunity.

"You're serious... anything?"

"Within reason." she replied. 

I decided to go for it. "Let me shave you."

"I beg your pardon?" she said and stared at me with her mouth ajar.

"Let me shave your pussy. I've wanted to shave a woman for ages."

"Wow. I was sure you'd ask for a blowjob. I fact, I was kinda hoping you would." The grin began to creep back in. "And what makes you think that I'm not already shaven?"

"The other day when I stopped by you were lying out in the sun naked. I guess you were asleep because you didn't seem to hear. I didn't want to disturb or embarrass you, so I just slipped back out and returned later. Unless you've shaven over the last forty-eight hours, I'd say you still have a fairly thick bush going."

Even with her deep tan I could see her blushing. "Are you serious?" she asked. 

I smiled, shook my head yes, and said "You're the one that said anything."

"You're right and even though I said within reason, I guess it would be harmless enough. Can you come back at three?"

"Certainly."

I swear, the next four hours were the longest of my life. By the time I got back to the house, my anticipation was palpable. Instead of letting myself in with the key she'd given me a month earlier, I rang the bell and waited. Eventually I heard a faint click-click-click that grew louder and then was recognizable as the sound of high heel shoes against hardwood floor and then marble, hardwood again, and finally marble once more as she arrived in the grand foyer. The latch of the door turned and it swung open. 

Once I was inside, it closed again and I got my first look at her in all her splendor. She was wearing a long silk robe the color of magnesium and iridescent. Her hair was done up in lavish piles of curls atop her head and an intoxicating scent hovered around her. She placed a hand on each of my shoulders then placed a long soft kiss on my lips. When she was finished, it was my turn to stand with my jaw agape.

"Ready?" she asked.

"Absolutely." How about you?"

"As ready as I'll ever be." And with that she untied the sash at her waist and let the robe slide off and down her arms, then her torso and legs, ending up as a languid puddle of silk at her feet. Under it she had only been wearing a pair of black sheer thigh high stockings. She stepped clear of the pool of fabric and then slipped her arm through mine and we proceeded in the direction of her boudoir. 

The walls were clad in peach moire and all the cabinetry was white. The lighting was dim and Scot Botti played softly in the background. An ice bucket was stocked with a bottle of bubbly and two flutes stood at the ready, tall, slender, erect, downright phallic in character. I reached for the bottle and proceeded to uncork it, then fill each of the glasses three quarters. We clinked and Candice quickly polished off hers. 

As I refilled it she said "Little nervous, I needed that."

"Okay, now sip this time and enjoy. Keep in mind that there's one thing I absolutely don't want is hurt you in any manner." 

She smiled a little and sipped, trying to act nonchalant as she stood there virtually naked.

"Would you feel more comfortable if I got undressed as well? I know I would." With that I began to unbutton my shirt before she could even respond. In no time at all I too was naked and she did appear to relax a tad. We sipped some more champagne and then I suggested she sit on the bench in front of her dressing table. 

Coyly she did as instructed, perching with her legs crossed demurely. I looked at the implements she had assembled on the table: towels, washcloths, an electric razor, a hot pink women's razor, a package of additional blades, a tube of shaving cream, soap, and a pair of barber's scissors. I selected the scissors to start with. 

Kneeling at her feet, I placed a hand on each of her knees and with a gentle prying motion, indicated to her that she should uncross her legs. "I want you to lean back, spread your legs, and in general assume a most un-ladylike position."

Candice poured herself some more champagne, took another long sip, then leaned back and spread her legs. There it was right in front of me, her sweet love nest of pale brown tendrils that partially obscured the slit of her pussy. I reached up and gently touched it. To my surprise it was astonishingly soft fur. My ex had possessed a muff of coarse dark hair and the handful of others I've experienced were all either already shaved smooth or relatively coarse in texture. This was more like soft kitten fur, but a little coarser. 

I ran my fingers through it and took the first tentative snips with the scissors. Cupping my left hand beneath her slit, I was able to catch much of the hair as I snipped it off, eventually ending up with quite a handfull of the delicate pubes. At that point I carefully deposited them on the top surface of the table so that i could use both hands, using the left to brush up the hair and my right to manipulate the scissors. In no time at all she was almost bald and her slit grinned through much more clearly.

Looking down at myself I realized that I was sporting an immense erection. It felt good to be hard like that and Candice noticed it as well. Steeling myself I focused on individual hairs bordering her slit, carefully snipping at them with the scissors. One by one they almost disappeared and bit by bit her lips were completely revealed, smooth pink ridges bordering her slit. Occasionally my fingers would brush against them as I worked. I noticed that there was a hint of moisture beginning to develop as we continued. 

Once I was satisfied that there was nothing to be gained (lost?) by continuing with the scissors, I stood up, my cock standing proudly at attention when I did. Taking one of the washcloths, I soaked it in hot water then wrung it out slightly before gently laying it onto her crotch. I left it there while I soaked up another then replaced the first with the second. 

Candice looked on in a slightly bemused manner. By this point she had consumed better than half the bottle of champagne and was much more relaxed than when we'd started. 

"You're taking very good care of me down there."

"But of course." I said as I opened the tube of shave lotion and squeezed some of the contents onto my palm. I worked it up to a nice lather by rubbing my palms together. After removing the washcloth I spread the white froth all over her pelvic area and down each side of her slit, trying hard to avoid her lips and for the most part being successful. 

The pink razor was already loaded with a fresh multi-edge blade. Delicately I began to shave first her pelvic region and then even more carefully the half inch swath between her slit and the top of each leg. Every few strokes I rinsed the blade in hot water. When the white foam had all been removed I took one of the washcloths and cleaned her off. I could see a few missed stubs and running my fingertips over everything I could feel more that I couldn't see. 

More foam was applied and the procedure repeated after fitting the razor with a fresh blade. This time everything was much smoother. Just to make certain that nothing was missed I lathered her up one final time and attended to the entire region with yet another new blade. This time when I ran my fingertips over everything, it was perfectly smooth. Using the washcloths I washed and rinsed her then took a towel and dried off the area. 

At this point I lowered my face to within inches of her snatch. I inspected and as I did my breath danced across her pussylips. Again I saw moisture starting to appear, but this time it became more and more obvious. The lips had swelled up slightly and a faint trace of her internal lips was beginning to make itself known. I leaned forward the final few inches and gently planted a kiss.

Candice gave a faint little whimper, more of a mewl than anything. I kissed all over the lips and up to just above her slitline before working my way back to her lips which by then had fully blossomed, her inner labia swollen and distended, sticking past her outer lips by at least a half inch. Again I kissed her in that area, this time focusing on the inner flaps. I distended my tongue and began to explore with it, tasting for the first time her sweet musky nectar. Gradually I burrowed it deeper and deeper between the fleshy folds, probing into her vaginal opening and searching for her clitoris. When I did I heard another whimper and then a moan as I tickled away at it for a bit. My mouth was now engulfing her entire pussy and I sucked her lips inside me, swishing them with my tongue before resuming my ministrations to her love kernel.

I dove my tongue as deep inside her as I could, but it wasn't very far, so I moved my face aside enough that I could insert a moistened finger. Continuing to work her clit with my tongue, my finger went deeper and deeper, then was joined by a second. I wiggled them inside her and slid them in and out fucking her with them while I wiggled the tip of my tongue over her clit. She got hotter and hotter, wetter and wetter. 

Her sounds were very restrained, soft oohs and ahs, augmented by an occasional moan or whimper. But I could feel the tension building in her body, the impending explosion on it's way. I had lost all sense of me -- this was now all about her, her release, her orgasm and ensuring it be the very best it could be.

When it happened her legs clamped tight against me blocking out all sound, so if she screamed or yelled I didn't hear. It became difficult to breathe and I was relieved when she released the vise grip of her legs. When I popped my head up for air, all I heard was a whispered "Please fuck me."

She was too wobbly to move to the bedroom, so right there on the little bench I managed to maneuver into a position where I could enter her. She felt lovely inside and as I slammed away at her she came again with her legs wrapped tightly around my hips this time. This sent me over the edge and I erupted inside her, my cock throbbing away for what seemed like forever. 

Eventually we separated, then rejoined in the shower. Afterward, she checked out her newly slick snatch in the mirror.

"This is going to take some getting used to."