 Ding-dong! Ding-dong!

Thump, thump, thump sounded my cane as I hurried to the front door as fast as I could go. I silently cursed the temporary problem I was having with my legs that made it necessary to use the cane to get around the house.

"Hi. Are you Sheryl?" I asked of the pretty young woman who stood outside the storm door.

"Hi. Yes, I am. Are you Ed?" She responded.

I pushed the storm door open and held it for her. "Yes, I am. I'm pleased to meet you."

"Me, too" she said as she stepped past me into the living room. I took a few moments to size her up and was very favorably impressed. I would guess she was in her mid-thirties, about 5' 8" and maybe 115 pounds. She was a little thinner than I preferred my women but I would never kick her out of bed ... of course, the odds of me getting her there were "Slim" and "None" and "Slim was walking out the door." She had near-shoulder length jet-black hair, an attractive face, and curves everywhere I looked ... except for a very flat stomach. Well, her boobs were a little flat for my taste too, although I was impressed with the way her nipples were standing up through the material of her matching top-and-shorts set.

She stopped in the middle of the living room. I said "As you can see, you come into the middle of the house, with the kitchen and dining room right behind the living room and the bedrooms to each side. Let's go this way" and I pointed her to the left "into the master bedroom."

I couldn't help but watch the two globes of her ass as they swayed and swished in front of me. I pointed out the ceiling fan and the double-wide closet as well as the built in cabinets in the master bedroom. 

Turning a corner, I said "and this is the master bath."

She followed me in, taking in the big garden tub, the separated shower stall, and the well-lighted dressing area. I pointed up and said "We've really enjoyed having the skylights in both bathrooms. They provide a lot of natural light."

She said "I like it. It's really nice and big." Then she turned and went through the remaining door. "Ah, the utility room, I see."

"Yes, and all appliances are new this year, name brand and the largest they make."

"That's good. With two teenage girls, I can never get the laundry finished. This closet houses the central heat and air. The heating unit was replaced about 18 months ago and the air is keeping us cool right now."

"Yeah, and it feels good. It has been so hot lately!"

She turned right and I said "This leads into the kitchen and dining area. As you can see there are built-in cabinets around plus the overhead see-through cabinets between the kitchen and living room."

"Ohh, I like that! And how about the appliances?"

"We're planning for them to stay. The refrigerator is about two years old and the dishwasher was replaced in December."

"I'm impressed with the way the house has been cared for. You wouldn't believe some of the things I've seen. Dirty, holes in walls and floors, things that don't work. I just can't believe it."

Sheryl looked around and when I thought she was ready to move on, I led her to the opposite end of the house. She checked the hot water heater closet and then the bathroom, stating "I like the depth of the tub with the shower in this bath. That's nice sized."

"Yes, we like it. Before we open this door, let me warn you that it is our son's room and he uses it as an office and to run an internet organization too so it looks really bad."

She laughed "With two teenage daughters you can't show me anything really bad that I haven't already seen."

She pushes open the door and turns on the light. "Yes, a nice size bedroom. And this is the closet?"

"Yes, This room is the mirror image of this one over here." 

I led her into my office. She looked around carefully, verifying its layout to the other one. Slowly she turned and retreated into the living room.

I said "Excuse me. I hope you don't mind if I sit for a bit. I'm having a few problems with my legs."

"No, no, I don't mind."

"Wont you sit a while?"

She didn't directly respond but sank into the love seat while I sat in a recliner. 

"So ... its just you and your two girls?" I asked, trying to make conversation.

"Yeah. I've never gotten married although it sure would be nice to have a man around the house whenever I need him. But I just never found the right man for that situation." She giggled. "But I try every once in a while."

There was a short pregnant pause before I asked "Do you like ... cunnilingus?"

Her right hand involuntarily dove between her legs and rubbed her nubbin. I smiled, anticipatomh what she wanted to say. "Nnnnnnnnnn.... Well, yeah, of course. Who doesn't?"

"Would you let me do it for you?"

"Oh, my! That sounds so good but ... I hardly know you" she said wistfullly.

"That's true but those needs can be so strong."

"Well ... " her face split into a huge smile. "Why not? Sure, okay."

I took her hand and led her back to my bedroom. By then she was in the process of pushing her shorts and bikini panties to the floor, so that when she stood by the edge of the bed, she sat and kicked them off at the same time. I grabbed a pillow from the bed and put it on the floor for my aging knees and instantly found myself face to face with her black curly hair covered mound.

I lifted one of her legs to each of my shoulders, watching her slide backwards onto the bed, although most of my focus was on that spot between her legs. I turned my head to the left and reached my tongue out until I was creating a light trail of my spit along the warmth of her inner thigh. At mid-thigh, I made a U-turn and traced a parallel path back to her center, crossed over to her other leg and repeated the process.

By the time I got back to her middle, Sheryl was rocking gently and singing in a monotone "uuuuuhhhhhhh". My tongue covered the flat terrain around the top of her slit and down around the sides, finding a very fine, lacy layer of flesh protruding from her outer lips. Each time my tongue touched one of those bits of lacy flesh, Sheryl would jump slightly and the tone of her voice would waver for an instant.

As I moved downward, I looked up to see Sheryl holding her knees up, a hand on the underside of each, making it easier for me to find her treasure. My nose savored her fragrance just as my tongue savored her tastes, both growing stronger as my tongue found the opening to her pussy. 

The entire area was dotted with sparkling little star-like drops of her own dew. I devoured each mini-drop as if it were the greatest nectar in the world ... when in fact it was. Carefully exploring each fold of flesh, I settled down with my mouth sealing the opening to her inner core, my nose gently nudging her out-of-focus clitoris. I was surprised at how few minutes it took for Sheryl's reaction to become a series of "uuuhhh... uuuhhhhh...uuuuuuuuuuhhhhhhhhhhhh!" sounds that signified her last steps up the mountain of lust and headfirst dive into the pit of pleasure just beyond.

Sheryl seemed to relax a bit, as if she thought I might be finished with her but I wanted a lot more ... for her and for me too. After giving her a few moments of pleasure, I resumed the devouring of her sweetest treasures, my tongue lapping up her fresh juices before exploring for the source and trying to create more. A few minutes of teasing her clitty interspersed with meandering around the inner recesses of her cunt brought her to her second and then her third climax, each a little more powerful than the one before. 

I noticed too that every time she came, the next time I checked her legs she had them pulled a little higher and a little wider than before, opening herself to me just a little more each time. I tried my best to take advantage of that situation, sticking my tongue deeper and deeper into her pussy each time I penetrated her.

Then I crossed the divide of her perineum and laved the valley of her anus with the flat of my tongue, washing the entire area from cheek to cheek before concentrating on the puckered center opening. With my tongue playing trampoline on its rubbery center, she quickly turned into a quivering, quaking bowl of jelly as her fourth orgasm his her like an explosion.

This time, after the waves of pleasure passed, she pulled her legs up further, slipped her hands down the backs of her legs and spread one hand over each of her buttocks, spreading the flesh until it was taut and nearly flat. A better target I could not have found anywhere.

Again I washed, from thumb to forefinger, across the divide and from forefinger to thumb. Then up the valley and along the strongest of the pleated lines of skin ending at her opening. With my right hand teasing her clit, I circled my tongue and poked it hard at her ass hole and felt it penetrate slightly. 

For a few seconds, I tongue-fucked her ass with that quarter-inch or so of tongue, then backed off and poked my stiffened tongue into her again, I felt it go deeper ... and her bottom somehow jumped toward my mouth ... and I tongue-fucked her ass with as much as I could push inside her. It didn't take long until she pushed her bottom toward me, pulling my head toward her with both hands, and the waves of pleasure crashed over her stronger than those before. The explosion lasted longer too, nearly a half-minute before she relaxed onto the mattress and cried "Please fuck me, baby. Please fuck me!"

I said "Sheryl, are you sure you want an old man like me doing that ...?!?"

"Oh, please, honey! I need a cock in my pussy so bad! Please don't say no. Please!!"

I stood and quickly disposed of my clothes while she crab-walked back onto the center of the bed and yanked her shirt off, revealing a pair of cute little titties topped with very large, hard nipples. I climbed into her saddle. She grabbed my cock before it got close, giving it a few quick strokes before guiding it to her hot pussy. Although she was very tight, I slid halfway into her on the first thrust.

Sheryl raised up to kiss me on the lips, her tongue darting into my mouth while I was concentrating on a second and third slow cycle into her velvety sheath, the last of which let my pubes nestle together with hers as my cock probed deep into her love box. She sighed and wrapped her legs around me, not able to encompass my girth but seemingly without caring either.

I settled down, resting my weight on my knees and elbows, and pulled her mouth back to mine. When we broke, she whispered "Please, baby, just lay here and let me enjoy these feelings for a while." A few seconds later, she whispered "You feel soooooo good inside of me. Your cock is just right to fill me up, honey. I could get used to this real quickly."

In a way it is great that my knees don't work as well as they used to. They make me take it much slower than when I was younger. I spent most of an hour inside Sheryl, first with me on top, then with her on top and finally in the most delightful doggy position, where I finally filled her with my hot cum. In the meantime, she achieved an orgasm several more times, although none quite like the fireworks of number five.

When I went to roll off her, she pulled me down to rest on her length; it amazes me that a woman can support such bulk on her tiny body but she seemed to revel in my being on top of her. She hugged me tightly while our tongues swapped spit for many more minutes, before she let me move.

I don't have much recollection of what happened from then until she left, although I watched her putting her panties back on and then her short suit. Oh, and she gave me a little peck on the cheek and said that she liked the house but was looking at some other too and she would let me know.

From that Friday until the next Tuesday, I was in a fog, constantly thinking about Sheryl. Tuesday afternoon my phone rang. I answered "Hello?"

"Hi. Ed? This is Sheryl."

"Oh, yes. How are you?"

"Fine. I wanted to ask a favor."

"Sure."

"Can I see your master bedroom again? I've forgotten what style the ceiling is."

"Sure. When would you like to see it?"

"How about now?"

"Now? That would be okay. Where are you?"

"Right outside."

I went to the door and sure enough she was standing on the deck. I opened the door for her, waited for her to enter, and closed the door behind her. I turned to show her the room only to spot her entering the right door, tossing her shirt to the floor.

I hurried after her but by the time it took me three steps to get to the door, she was just sitting on the edge of my bed, pushing her shorts and panties off her legs. By the time I got to her, she had a pillow on the floor for my knees and was pulling her knees back and apart. I might not sell her the house but it looked like I had sold her on some of my more personal skills.