 Special thanks to Eric for his inspiration and expertise.

*

It was the start of another boating season and I would be working for a new ferry boat service as captain. This particular company started running their ferries in March through the end of November while the other companies that I had worked for started in May through the middle of October.

At the end of February we had a meeting for all the old and new employees to go over job descriptions, duties and general rules. This also gave everyone a chance to meet all the other employees of the company. We introduced ourselves to each other, although I knew most of the other captains as well as some of the deckhands, as we had worked together at one time or another. It was nice seeing some of my old friends and knowing that we would be working together again. 

One young lady, who appeared to be to be in her middle to late twenties, introduced herself and I was taken back by her size, she must have been a size 8, about 5 ft 3 inches. She had auburn colored hair and green eyes that sparkled when she talked. She was wearing a white company logo golf style tee shirt, and her small but nicely rounded breasts filled out the top very nicely. She was wearing black form fitting shorts that accentuated her ass. She also had a nice all over tan

At the lunch break I was talking with some of the other captains and said, "I don't have anything against lady deckhands as I have worked with a few, but I'm not sure Sarah can handled the lines because of her size." 

The other captains laughed and said to me, "Tom, she is probably the Best Deckhand this company has."

The ferry boat carried a crew of 5 - 10 members depending on the time of day as well as the day of the week. One of the crew members would have the honor of being Senior Deckhand; a crew member who could take over if the captain wanted a break, or who could fill in for the captain if he became ill. Sarah was one of the best Senior Deckhands we had. The captains as well as the crew worked on rotating shifts around the clock.

One late April night as we ran through a thunder storm that had just popped up, Sarah, who had not brought her rain gear with her, was caught in the rain and was soaking wet. I called her into the pilothouse and told her to get a blanket out of the first aid supplies, and cover herself with it, and to stay in the pilothouse to get warm. I watched her go for the blanket, and even in the dark pilothouse, I could see how nice her breasts were through her wet clothes. Round and firm and the "nipples" stood out begging for attention. I also noticed the rest of Sarah's body. One could not help but notice the panty line through her black shorts and especially her nice ass. 

"You know, Captain, my job is to help throw the lines so that we can dock. I really shouldn't be staying in here getting warm." 

"We can put someone else there while you're getting warm, I don't want you getting chilled or coming down with a cold or worse". 

I usually carried a change or so of clothing with me and told her she could get out of her wet clothes and put on one of my shirts as well as a pair of my trousers. I stand 6 ft. 2 inches, wear a size 17 ½ shirt, with a size 46 trouser waist and leg length of 34 ½ inches inseam. 

She said," No, I can't wear your clothes, they would be too baggy on me and if anyone walked in here they would laugh at me." 

"Don't be silly", I replied, get some dry clothes on now." Finally she went below and changed into one of my shirts and a pair of trousers. 

After we had docked and the work was done we had about an hour lay over and the crew would either go ashore to eat or order something to be brought to the boat. This evening they all were going out to eat. Sarah didn't want to go and I understood why, so one of the crew asked what she and I would like them to bring back for us to eat. Thirty minutes later one of the crew returned with our dinners. 

Sarah and I sat across the table from each other in the small dining area. She got up to get something to drink from the ship's bar and asked me if I wanted anything and I told her no, not right now. She came back and sat down, unwrapped the blanket, and laid it aside.

"I don't like to be confined," she said, "I like to be able to move around."

She unbuttoned the top three buttons of my shirt that she was wearing and reached across the table for the salt shaker. The shirt came open on the starboard side showing one of the smallest, nicest, firm round breasts that I had every laid my eyes on. She quickly pulled the shirt together and then blushed. We had placed her clothes in the engine room to dry and by the end of the shift she was able to change back into her own clothes. 

Over the next several months I had the good fortune to have Sarah as my Senior Deckhand several times. Over this period of time, I had come to find out that she was working her way through college and wanted to become a medical Doctor. I thought she would make a very good physician. 

After working with Sarah for awhile, I decided to ask if she would share a meal with me sometime after a day shift. Since she was working and going to college she had very little time for a social life and strode for perfection in everything she did. I was surprised when she said yes she would share dinner with me this evening. 

I was happy to have such a beautiful young lady beside me walking down the dock and the street to the local restaurant were we would share our meal. During dinner I found out that Sarah was from the area and that she had been on her own since she was 19 years old, receiving no help from her parents to attend college. Her father thought sending a girl to college would be a waste of money since she would just get married and have babies. 

Sarah liked the water and found a job with the ferry boat company and she liked it, but in the beginning it was hard work for her handling the lines. By asking questions and getting help from other crew members she became "The Best of the Best" in handling the lines. The company wanted her to work in the office, because they thought the work might be too much for her, but she told them she wanted to work aboard the boat.

We talked about many things that evening and time flew. Sarah looked at her watch and said. "I am sorry but I have to go and study. I normally walk to where I live, but we've spent so much time in the restaurant, and it's late, would you mind giving me a ride home?"

"No, I don't mind at all, I'd be more than happy to take you home."

Taking her home also gave me the opportunity to see where she lived and I did not want this evening to end. Having this beautiful young lady with me was a rare treat, even if I was old enough to have been her father. 

I dropped Sarah off at her place and told her if she ever needed a lift and if we where working the same shift to give me a call and I would swing by and pick her up. Again to my surprise, she said, she would, and it made my day. 

I could not get enough of seeing this young lady in her company outfit, just because of the way she filled out the white top and black shorts and of course, the lovely tanned body. 

The season was coming to an end shortly. Talking with Sarah over this season I found out that she was a little afraid to start school this term as she would be taking an Organic Chemistry Class and was afraid she would not do well. I told her not to worry, that she would do well: and then I offered my services to help her study. The season came to an end and we all said our "Good Byes" to one another. 

****

Just before Thanksgiving, I received a phone call from Sarah while I was away, but she left a message on the answering machine asking if the offer to help her with Organic Chemistry was still good. I could not get to the phone fast enough to call her. The message had been left for me around 8 AM and it now as 8 PM. I knew I couldn't sound eager in returning the call nor my willingness to help her. I dialed her number and my heart was racing. How would I sound to her, could I stay calm, how soon would she want the help? Finally she answered the phone and I tried to stay calm while taking with her.

"Yes Sarah, of course the offer still stands to help you."

"Could you come over and help tomorrow evening around 6 PM, I'll fix a bite for us to eat while we study"

"I'll be there, see you then."

When I arrive around 5:45 PM the next day, the aromas coming from her apartment really made me hungry, it smelled like Spaghetti, my favorite dish. I didn't know if I could keep my mind on helping Sarah with her Chemistry or if she was going to help me with 'the chemistry' that I felt for her. She had also asked if I would bring a bottle of wine with me, so I had stopped at a local wine store and bought a bottle of Lambrusco. 

When she opened the door, she was wearing a simple dress that showed off her womanly assets to the fullest.

"You look beautiful, Sarah,"

"Thank you, Captain."

"You're welcome, but we're not on ship now, please call me Tom."

She smiled at me. "Tom it is."

She led me to the small living room and asked me to take a seat and she would have dinner on the table in a few minutes. I asked her if I could help.

"No thank you," she replied.

I watched her put salad on the table, along with garlic bread, spaghetti and wine glasses. The aromas that filled the little apartment were heavenly, the food and her perfume.

She called me to the table. "Do you mind sitting next to me, Tom? The room is so tiny that if we pull the table out to sit across from each other, we won't have room to move.

"No, I don't mind at all." I was delighted at this opportunity to be close to her. 

"I'm left handed, so if you sit on my right, we won't be bumping elbows while we eat," she said in that soft feminine voice of hers, the voice that stirred my cock.

As she sat down in the chair, she brought up the lower part of her dress about six inches above her knees. She had beautiful legs, but I knew that, having looked at them all summer. A few minutes after we started eating, she dropped her napkin on the floor. When she bent over to pick it up, she placed her right hand on my thigh to steady herself, her hand gently sliding up and down. My cock twitched. Damn, I thought, how am I going to get through this evening?

"Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't not mean to touch you there," she said as she righted herself in her chair.

She looked at me with those lovely green eyes, and beautiful full mouth, and all I could say was, "No harm done, in fact I enjoyed your touch." She immediately blushed and I thought she was the most beautiful creature I had ever seen.

We continued with our meal, drank our wine, and engaged in interesting conversation, my thigh still feeling the affects of her warm hand.

A little while later her napkin slid to the floor again. This time when she placed her hand on my thigh it felt more pleasurable then before and I couldn't control myself. I reached around her with my left arm and started to bring her up to a sitting position, my hand touching her breast and giving it a gently squeeze. We sat facing each other, our faces close. She looked down at my lips and we kissed ever so gently, tenderly, and sweetly. We pulled back slightly embarrassed, but the looks in our eyes told each other what we wanted. 

We finished dinner, but it was difficult. She said she would clear the table quickly so we would have a place to study. I didn't want to help her with Organic Chemistry, I wanted to fuck her.

"Let me help you with dishes before we study, we can talk about Chemistry in the kitchen. I'll wash and you dry, since you know where everything goes." 

"Okay, Tom, that's a good idea."

We talked about The Carbon ring, the double, triple bonding, the Hydroxyl Group, the "ene", the basic Alcohol group. She seemed to have a nice handle on these.

We finished with the dishes and moved to the table to work mathematical formulas and problems in molecular weight, balancing equations, etc. 

"Do you mind if we sit next to each other again, Tom?"

Was she kidding? I jumped at the chance to be close to her. "I don't mind at all," I said.

While sitting at the table she dropped her pencil and once again braced herself with her right hand on my leg. That was it! I couldn't take it anymore! I put my arm around her and placed my hand gently on her lovely small rounded breast, pulling her up to meet my gaze. I looked into her eyes, lowered my head and kissed her deeply.

She returned my kiss with all the passion of a woman in heat. Kiss after kiss, tongues searching. Hot kisses! I felt her hand groping for my hard cock as I kissed the side of her neck and top of each breast. When she at last wrapped her hand around my cock, I thought I was going to lose it. 

"Sarah, I want you," I whispered. "I want you more than I can say."

"I want you too, Tom. I've wanted you since I first laid eyes on you. Wait here, I'll be right back." She stood and walked out of the room, her hips undulating with promise, as she turned her head around and smiled at me.

When she came back a few minutes later, she was wearing a skimpy black see through outfit with red trim. It left nothing to the imagination and she was as beautiful as I knew she would be. Soft feminine curves and perfectly shaped breasts with nipples long and hard, begging to be sucked. Her buttocks round and high and firm and oh so inviting! She was breathtaking! I must have been salivating. 

She looked at me and smiled. "I think you like what you see, am I right?"

"Oh, Baby, you are 'so' right!" 

I stood and walked to her, taking her into my arms and crushing her body against mine, my hands gripping her bottom and pulling her pussy against my hard cock, grinding my hips against her soft red bush. Her hands held and squeezed my iron pumped biceps. I could tell by the way she caressed me that she loved the feel of a man underneath her hands.

"Let's go to my bedroom," she whispered.

She unzipped my pants and took my throbbing cock out of its confines, and holding it firmly in her hand, led me cock first across two rooms into her bedroom. 

"I'm going to undress you now, Tom. Stand still and enjoy."

Looking me in the eyes, she unsnapped my pants at the waist and taking pants and briefs together, let them fall to the floor. I stepped out of them and kicked them aside, my eyes never leaving hers. Her fingers began unbuttoning my shirt, slowly, one at a time, kissing my chest as it was exposed, down across my belly until the last button was open, her lips brushing the top of my pubic hair. Gently, the shirt was removed and fell to the floor. I stood naked in front of this hot young woman.

"I'm going to walk around you and look at your hard body, Captain, drinking in every inch of you." 

Her hand gently played in my pubic hair before walking to my side, hand gliding across my hip, then resting on my ass as she stood behind me. Suddenly I felt her soft wet lips kissing each cheek and one hand reaching around me holding my cock and her other hand reaching between my legs weighing my balls.

I gasped, "Sarah, you're killing me!"

"Do you want me to stop?" she purred.

"Hell no, but I don't know how much longer I can last if you keep doing that!"

Standing up, she nibbled on my earlobe and whispered, "Then I'll move on, I don't want you coming until you're deep inside me."

Moving around to stand in front of me, she assessed me from head to toe and back up to my cock, licking her lips. My cock was in dire need.

"I want to taste you, Tom."

That did it! Straight as an arrow and hard as steal, my cock sprang to my belly. Next thing I knew she was on her knees in front of me holding my ridged manhood in her small delicate hand, wrapping her mouth around just the head, tongue swirling and teasing, dipping into the opening on top. My legs were shaking. I placed both hands on top of her head tangling my fingers through her soft hair. Suddenly she devoured me.

"God, Sarah, that feels so good, Baby. I love it, I love it! You're driving me insane, but you have to stop now."

I pulled her to her feet facing me and reached out with both index fingers running a nail over the tip of each hard nipple. Up and down, back and forth and then pinched each one before sucking them through the delicate material of her top. I sucked her nipples hard and pulled then out to full length with my teeth. She gasped, throwing her head back, giving me full access. She had lovely breasts and long nipples. I almost came looking at them, but knew I had to control myself. 

Her G-String panties fell to the floor when I pulled the ties, and lifting her top over her head, we at last stood before each other completely nude. A drop of pre cum appeared at the opening of my cock and Sarah reached out with her finger to remove it, then smeared it on her lips like lipstick and kissed me. 

I crushed her body to me, pulling her hard to my cock, my hands roaming all over her smooth skin, down her back, over her rounded hips down the outside of her thighs and back up the inside of her thighs until reaching her pussy. One hand went around her waist and the other cupped her mound. She shivered. 

"Oh Tom! Tom! Please touch me there I'm so hot for you!"

I opened her labia and felt her slick warm juices before finding her clit and gently rubbing it. 

Yes! Yes, that's it! That feels wonderful!

She had her eyes closed and her head thrown back. Her hips started to undulate just as I left her clit and inserted a finger into her pussy. She opened her legs wider and bent her knees slightly trying to impale herself on my finger. I put a second finger into her and she began to ride.

My throbbing cock was dripping pre cum and I didn't k now how much longer I could hold off. My thumb found her clit and rubbed it hard and fast as my fingers continued to plunge in and out of her pussy, as she rode them faster and faster. I could feel her inner muscles grabbing my fingers and knew she was close.

"Oh my god! Harder, Tom, harder and faster, I'm going to come!"

Sarah held onto me tight, her nails scratching and digging into my back as I felt her stiffen and begin to come.

"Ohhhhhhhh," she screamed! " Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!" 

She screamed over and over as her body convulsed with each spasm of her climax and I continued to rub her clit through a second orgasm.

Picking her up, I carried her to the bed and gently laid her down, taking her into my arms, kissing her face, and telling her how lovely she was when she came. My hard cock pressed against her belly in agony.

"Tom, fuck me now. Please fuck me now, I'm so hot and wet and need to feel you inside me."

My finger found her slit and separating her engorged lips, plunged inside her pussy. She gasped. Her hot juices were thick and slippery from her orgasm and I wanted to taste her. 

"Sarah, lift your backside while I place this pillow underneath you." She did as I asked. "Now bring your knees up, place your feet on the bed and let your knees drop to the side." She complied and I looked at her womanhood for the first time.

Her bush was full and when I reached out and touched her, it felt like silk. I parted her outer lips with both thumbs, exposing her pink inner lips. Her clit was surrounded by its hood, which I pulled back, exposing it. Gently blowing on it, she moaned, as I saw it grow and harden.

"Sarah, you're beautiful! Simply lovely! The tip of my tongue found it's way to her clit, where it lay motionless, pressing firmly. Sarah gasped.

"My God, what are you doing to me?! I've never felt anything like that before. You're tongue feels like a hot poker! Ohhhh...Tom!!

I felt her hips begin to move as my tongue slowly flicked back and forth across her perfect little clit. Her perfectly hard little clit. It had grown to twice its size and I could feel it throb under my tongue's manipulations.
