 Chapter 4: Grace and Marie

One night, while John looked out the window to Grace for consolation, he noticed she had a visitor. It was her next-door neighbor, a woman in her early 70's. He often saw Marie in the dining room and remembered her as attractive and friendly. Grace sat near Marie on the sofa, both obviously enjoying each other's company. There was a lot of laughing and touching. After an hour passed, he noticed that the mood of the living room had changed. Grace rose and dimmed the lights slightly. She also went into her bedroom and turned on the bedside lamp returning to the living room to sit near her neighbor, Marie. The mood change also showed in Marie's actions. Marie felt her breasts frequently, as if the discussion dealt with an operation, or the purchase of a new bra. In any case, it was a breast related conversation. Then Grace moved closer to Marie, felt her breasts fully with both hands, and, as with one movement, removed Marie's blouse. She examined the bra momentarily and then slid it over Marie's head. John couldn't believe what he saw.

Suddenly, before him, sat Marie exposing two large, beautiful, and firm breasts. The brown nipples beckoned to John for attention. Their actions went further. Marie took Grace's hands, placed them on her breasts, and lay back on the sofa in evident enjoyment of the moment. Grace massaged Marie's breasts gently and kissed them tenderly. Next, she removed her own blouse and bra, sat facing Marie, rubbing her breast nipples over Marie's. At one point, she raised, turned her head slightly toward John's window and smiled. It was her signal to John to enjoy the proceedings. John's heart raced with excitement. He removed his pajamas and stood naked in the window straining to take in every movement, every touch, every nuance of this lovemaking. His prostate worked overtime, dripping from the tip of the penis into his hand. He caught it and tasted his wetness and pretended he was with Grace and Marie in their moment of ecstasy. This had to do for now. 

Now Grace stood and slid Marie's slacks and panties off. Marie raised her buttocks slightly to assist Grace. Marie now lay totally naked, her gray pubic hairs glistening in the dim light. She was a slight woman, too. A slightly protruding stomach was all that revealed her age. Her breasts, however, were her prominent feature. Well endowed is how one could describe them. Grace's lovemaking moved slowly from the breasts, over her slightly protruding stomach to Marie's vagina. Grace obviously took particular care to keep her head from blocking John's view of the proceedings. He could see her tongue slide over the tips of Marie's breasts, down over her stomach, and into Marie's vagina. This gently probing continued for several minutes. The look on Marie's face reflected her joy and she motioned for Grace to remove her own clothes. Grace removed her slacks, panties, and shoes after which Marie's head rose from the headrest of the sofa and kissed Grace's vagina. John witnessed a glorious profile of Marie's tongue massaging the hairs and vulva of Grace. Grace's buttocks and breast completed that profile as she drew her head back and extended her stomach and vagina forward for Marie's tongue to enter her now wet and hot cunt. Both Marie and Grace stood now, embraced, and walked into the bedroom.

Their disappearance from the living room gave John pause to light the bathroom light. As before, the dim light would allow Grace to experience his pleasure. The bedroom scene was even more exciting. Grace and Marie began their lovemaking intertwined in a close embrace. Their faces and tongues met while Grace's right leg lay between Marie's legs. John could see Grace's thigh massaging Marie's vagina as they kissed deeply. This went on for several minutes. Then they separated. Up till now, Grace seemed to be the aggressor. The roles, however, changed. Marie, the slighter of the two, rose up over Grace and began a tongue massage. She began with Grace's forehead and eyes. Her kisses moved down to the mouth where they momentarily kissed and tongued. The gentle kissing moved to Grace's breasts. She paid close attention to Grace's nipples. As she did, Grace's hands fondled Marie's breasts and her own clitoris. Marie continued her downward movement across Grace's stomach to the hairs of her vagina. She lingered there lovingly but continued her descent to Grace's inner thighs, legs, and feet, taking each of Grace's toes into her mouth. She reversed her procedure now and returned to Grace's vagina and pubic hairs. 

She slid a pillow under Grace's buttocks and proceeded to penetrate her vagina with a combination of gentle to violent thrusts of her tongue. The look on Grace's face showed nothing but joy. She lay, too, in a position where she could take in John's window. John realized this and stood naked with his hard cock silhouetted against the dim background light coming from the bathroom. From John's vantage point, too, Marie was spread-eagled on her stomach. Her legs were spread wide, and, as she thrust her tongue into Grace's cunt, her buttocks and vagina responded to the pressure of the mattress. The dim light of the bedroom illuminated her wetness for John and John could only think of how lovely it would be if he could penetrate her wet and hot cunt from behind. Grace motioned to Marie for an exchange of roles. It was now Marie's turn to lay back and enjoy Grace's tongue massage. When Grace finished, they turned to a sixty-nine position and concentrated on each other's clitoris. John felt their excitement. He could almost smell the sexuality oozing from the pair. He ached to be with them, tasting their juices and loving their bodies. His memories of his wife Marcie returned and he saw each as Marcie, loving, hot, passionate. The bed scene became more and more agitated now. John could sense that Grace and Marie were near a climax. Their buttocks gyrated and responded to each thrust of the tongue. The movements came quicker until they both came in tandem. He could feel the exhilaration of the moment. He felt the tension ease; he felt the peace; he felt the joy.

They relaxed now and Grace turned to the window to see John. John's orgasm neared. His testicles ached with excitement. He let his dick arch outward so that Grace could observe the fullness of his shaft. Then he came in hot spurts. He continued massaging his dick for several minutes in what seemed to be an endless orgasm after which he lay on the bed and fell fast asleep.

Chapter 5

Katherine

John liked to keep in good shape. He watched his diet and he tried to walk several miles every day. On clear days, the streets or the park were good locations. On rainy days, he sometimes went to the mall where other seniors like him exercised. In fact, he would often take Charlie to the mall with him, since Charlie, when not exercising, enjoyed ogling the women. Often, too, John walked the halls of the building for exercise. He would start off on the 6th floor and work his way down to the 1st, and then back up again. This had one other advantage. He often got to meet others who lived in the building. That's how he met Katherine.

Katherine, a 75 year old, lived on the third floor at the far end of the hallway. Often, on his walk, would pass Katherine's door and could not help notice it was opened. The first time, he noted the neatness of her apartment. It was in stark contrast to his which looked lived in. He noticed other things in later walks. For one, she was fond of antiques and mirrors. Since her apartment was at the end of the hallway, he often paused to take more detailed inventories of her apartment. But he never saw Katherine.

One day, however, while glancing at one of the many mirrors in her apartment, he spotted a reflection of her in the bathroom. She was naked, standing before a full-length bathroom mirror, combing her hair. Her hair had a beautiful gray blue tint to it as well as length. She combed it out in front of her and the hair lay in silky folds over her breasts. They were long tubular breasts with dark nipples. Katherine might be described as slender when clothed, but naked, she showed a slight roundness in her stomach, with buttocks of medium proportion. The stomach and the buttocks excited John. He liked a woman with a slight paunch and tubular breasts. It was clear that Katherine had just stepped out of the shower. A damp towel hung from the rack, which stood beside her. What excited John even more were the pepper gray hairs on her vagina. The reflection in the mirror seemed to accent them. He hesitated a little, embarrassed by his voyeurism. But since no one could see him in the hallway, he succumbed to his emotions and continued admiring Katherine's body. It was clear, too, that Katherine was in the act of admiring her own body. She took obvious relish in her appearance and let her hands roam freely over her breasts, her stomach, her pubic hairs, and her vagina. As he watched, she directed more and more of her attention to her crotch. This little reverie, however, was interrupted by the sound of the elevator coming to a stop on the floor, and John continued his walk. The next day, John resumed his walking in the building.

As usual, Katherine's door was open, only this time, he caught a glimpse of her sitting on her sofa in a short smock. It was open at the top and her breasts were in full view. Her bare feet rested on a hassock with her legs spread wide. Unlike the mirror reflection, this view offered a much better view of her vagina. It spread wide and one could make out the entrance clearly. In fact, it was not hard to imagine her clitoris. She caught his eye and motioned for him to come in. Unsure of himself or the meaning of her motion, he hesitated. Katherine rose, came to the door, and said, "Come on in John." As he entered, she closed the door behind him and put her arms around him, pressing her vagina hard against John's dick. The pressure led to an instant erection, and the bulge massaged her cunt. With one hand, she opened John's belt, dropped his pants, and fondled his hard cock. They stood this way for several moments, John feeling her buttocks, breasts, and vagina. As he imagined while standing in the hallway, her clitoris was hard and her cunt was hot and wet. He fell to his knees as Katherine spread her legs wide, and sucked the wetness outside and inside her cunt. She moaned, threw off her smock and fell on the carpeted floor. John had only enough time to pull down his underwear before he slipped his hard and throbbing dick into her hot and wet cunt. It didn't take long for either to come. This was the outcome of two days of anticipation and hallway foreplay. They both came as one in an unrepressed groan of ecstasy. For both, it was one of those slow and prolonged orgasms that had the intensity of a 10 on the Richter scale. That is how John used to describe his orgasms. They ranged between a 1 and 10, ten being the epitome of sexual joy. And while Katherine knew nothing of John's scale, she would have probably agreed that the ecstasy was reciprocated. It took each another 10 minutes to get his collective breath back, after which Katherine offered John a cup of coffee.

After cleaning up in the bathroom, John returned to Katherine's kitchen where she sat nonchalantly and comfortably naked sipping her coffee. It was John's first studied look at Katherine's body, and he liked what he saw. She had a gentle face, softened by age and her gray hair. Her breasts lost the firmness of youth, but still attracted him. Her hips were wide, testimony of the four children she had borne and raised in her 75 years of life. Her pubic hairs were dense, grayed and silken to the touch. Finally, there was a naturalness and pleasantness to her voice that made John feel at ease. They chatted about sundry things for over an hour, after which John excused himself. She sent him off saying, "Thanks. I needed that."

John could only whisper, "Anytime!"

Chapter 6

Grace, Marie, and John

One night, as John looked out his window, he saw Grace and Marie. They were in a quiet but animated conversation in the living room. They each sipped what looked like a cocktail and John detected an occasional glance upward towards his apartment. He could see Grace get up and go to the telephone. Instantly, John's phone rang and he jumped. It was Grace. She said, "Hi John. Marie and I were having a cocktail and wondered if you were free to join us."

"Indeed," he replied, "but you'll have to give me a few minutes." He thought he might want to shower before going down. He added, "I'll be down in about twenty minutes."

"Great," Grace replied. "We'll expect you in about twenty minutes. The door will be open, so just come in."

Since he was already in his bathrobe, disrobing was simple. He jumped into the shower and in five minutes, he was bathed and fresh. He sprayed a little deodorant under his arms and around his crotch thinking that he had better be prepared. Perhaps something might happen. The air was electric with anticipation. John took a big, deep breath, and admonished himself saying, "Now take it easy lover boy. Calm down. Just take it one step at a time." With that he dressed and in fifteen minutes time, he was at Grace's apartment on the fifth floor. "Should I knock," he thought. A voice called back, "No. Just go in. Grace said the door was open."

He quietly turned the knob and opened the door, which opened into a small foyer. Everything seemed quiet as he entered. He closed the door quietly and stretched to see where they sat. He could see Grace kissing Marie on the mouth, her hand fondling her vagina under her dress. He felt uncomfortable coming in this way and cleared his throat to get their attention.

Grace responded warmly, "Come in John. We've been waiting for you." After a brief introduction, Grace asked, "John, what'll you have to drink."

"I'll have whatever you and Marie are having, Grace," he replied.

When Grace went to the kitchen to fix John a drink, he turned his attention to Marie. Close up, she was even prettier than he imagined. Excitedly, he said, "Marie, tonight comes as a real surprise to me. I was probably doomed to an evening of reruns. Instead, this delight of meeting you comes."

Marie laughed. "That would have been two of us watching reruns had Grace not called tonight. I'm grateful, particularly since it meant meeting you. I've seen you around the building and in the dining room, but, as is the case so often, we end up just nodding acquaintances. People are so much more fun when you get to meet them in person."

"Agreed," John replied almost in a shout. His voice cracked, not only because he agreed with Marie's philosophy but also because, as she spoke, she moved her legs wide and John got a glimpse of her inner thighs. In addition, when she spoke those words, her hand reached out and gently patted John's knee. It was a light touch, gentle, airy, sensual.

Grace returned with the drinks and spoke, "I see you two have already gotten comfortable. Let's offer a toast to a long and fruitful friendship."

"Here, here," replied John and Marie in unison, surprised that they chose the same words in the same instant to reply to Grace's toast. They all laughed.

The evening continued in that delightful mode. After an hour of small talk, Grace suggested that John sit between them on the sofa and the verbal foreplay began. John turned the expression, "A rose between two thorns" around to "A thorn between two roses." Marie picked up on this punning by suggesting to Grace as well as John that a thorn sticks and John would have to stick them with something. They all laughed hard at that, simultaneously putting their hands on John's inner thighs. John felt arousal immediately. It was Grace's hand that touched his dick first.

"Oh! Oh!" she smiled to Marie, "it looks like were in trouble."

Then Marie's hand went to John's crotch and felt the swelling. They both began to massage his inner thighs, his penis, and his testicles. John needed no introduction to this foreplay. Each of his hands raised their dresses and exposed the thick hairs of their vaginas. He massaged gently, his index finger probing the outer and inner recesses of the labia. Marie was already wet. Apparently, she began reacting to John the minute he entered the apartment. Grace unbuckled John's belt and unzipped his fly to reveal other treasures. The prostate already began to work, the inner part of his underwear showing wetness. He raised his buttocks for Grace to pull down his pants and underwear, which fell into a heap at his ankles. Marie gasped. She told John later that she hadn't been with a man for over fifteen years, and, when she saw John's hard cock, she remembered her husband and the wonders of the sex they had. The feeling was so intense that she gasped and desperately wished John's cock to penetrate her hot cunt immediately. Instead, she bent over and took it into her mouth. Grace, sensing the need for room, went to the bedroom to prepare the bed. Marie rose and knelt between John's outspread legs and took his shaft deep into her throat. It was ecstasy for her. John closed his eyes and moaned ecstatically. Grace returned naked, unbuttoned his shirt, and removed his shoes and socks. She turned to Marie, removed her shoes, stockings and dress and motioned that they move to the bedroom. Marie, still in the throes of lust, however, rose up and sat on John's hard cock. As she rode it up and down, Grace knelt on the floor and sucked from behind the juices emanating from Marie's cunt onto John's hard cock. Then it was on to bed. Marie was the first on the bed and lay with her legs spread wide, an invitation to further probing. Grace, however, took John's cock deeply into her mouth and sucked to prepare it for entry into Marie's vagina. She then turned to Marie's vagina and probed deeply with her tongue. She motioned for John to enter Marie. As he did, Grace sat over Marie's face and offered her cunt to Marie's lips. Above Marie, John and Grace faced each other in an embrace and kissed. John's dick kept pounding into Marie's cunt, and, with each thrust, Grace's tongue probed John's mouth. They traded positions now. Grace knelt over Marie in a sixty-nine position with Grace's cunt facing John. As they sucked, John knelt behind and penetrated Grace's cunt with his hard cock, still wet with Marie's juices. This double massage of Grace's cunt was too much. She exploded and came on Marie's face. Exhausted, she turned on her side to allow Marie to feel the fullness of John's very hot cock. John was beside himself now. His cock moved in and out quickly and deeply. He was all the more excited because Marie's face was covered with Grace's cum. He ate as if he were at a banquet and with a fierce passion came together with Marie in an explosive finale. As the juices flowed from Marie's cunt, Grace drank, her head pressed close to Marie's vagina with John's cock inside.

They lay that way for another half hour, no one saying a word. Finally, Marie spoke. "Grace, I will never be able to thank you enough. You have brought me back to life. And, John, you resurrected old wonderful feelings of lust. I shall always be indebted to you."

Grace smiled a smile of satisfaction.

John sighed, "When I came to Carter Court, I thought my life had ended. Now I see that it has just begun. I have you two lovely ladies to thank for that."

The evening ended quickly after that. Another drink, some intimate and fond farewells, and Marie and John returned to their apartments.