 It all started when Kyle and his family moved to town. It was a small town, with only one high school, and pretty much everyone knew everyone else. Kyle's dad had gotten a job at the factory, and it sounded like it was his first job in years. The factory was just barely hanging on, so no one made much money there, and it seemed like everyone in town knew your paycheck, your credit history, and your personal life.

Kyle was short and thin, and his mannerisms were never quite right for a small town in Georgia. His accent was perfect, and his hair was standard "unkempt southern boy", but he looked many years younger than the rest of us. His doctor had written a note excusing him from P.E. for some kind of bone disease, but that just got the rumor mill going even more.

At first, when Kyle went to study hall during P.E., the rest of us just assumed he was gay. After a while, though, his easygoing manner and sense of humor won him friends easily. It helped him a lot that girls liked him. All the guys in school were well-aware that picking on Kyle was a sure-fire way to keep yourself from getting laid.

That is how I got to know him anyway. 

Kyle was good friends with Christy, and I was too shy to figure out any way to talk to her. Christy was short and blonde, with a move-star white smile and a tight athletic body. I was on the football team and the basketball team, but I didn't have the ability to talk to girls. Kyle was the perfect go-between. He was smart, and he seemed to be able to talk to anyone about anything. 

One day between classes, I saw someone bump him pretty hard in the hallway, and it seemed to be on purpose. I wasn't the biggest guy in the school, nor the most popular, but I was big enough to intervene without risk. I didn't confront the guy who started it, I just stopped to help Kyle pick up his things.

"Are you OK?" I asked.

The hallway had gotten a lot more quiet, not only from the juvenile assault, but also because people were waiting to see what Kyle would say. 

"Yep," He looked up at me and laughed it off. "I can be pretty clumsy sometimes."

The hallway returned to normal, and after that Kyle and I were friends. I started hanging out with him and Christy, and really started to enjoy my senior year. Kyle moved easily between the "In" group and the various "out" groups, and he actually knew more people from both groups than I did.

Christy has always treated me like a dumb jock, and Kyle became my wingman for Christy. Kyle was the one who told her I had been accepted to Georgia Tech, which clearly raised my value in her mind quite a bit. She was planning to attend nearby Georgia State, so the possibility of future romance was still open.

Susan was assumed to be the high-school lesbian, but she was always very quiet about it. The girls must have picked on her, but she never let it show. She wasn't particularly "butch" looking, and in fact was really cute. But she would occasionally wear black make-up and black fingernail polish to school, which was about the most unusual thing you could do in rural Georgia without actually wearing a t-shirt that said: "Trying not to fit in."

When Kyle started hanging out with Susan, most people in the school seemed to ignore it, or even approve. The two of them hanging out actually boosted both of them in everyone else's eyes, as if they were suddenly harmless.

On the first Saturday night after the weather got warm, I invited Kyle and Christy to a barbecue at the lake. I could tell Kyle didn't want to go, but he went along because he knew Christy wouldn't go otherwise. When they showed up, Kyle showed up with Susan, leaving Christy basically all to me. I wish I could afford a present for my wingman, but the best I could afford was a few beers and some BBQ pork.

The first thing I noticed when they stepped out of the car was that they looked like an odd cast of characters. Kyle was wearing jeans and a t-shirt, even though it was already pretty hot, and Susan was wearing black slacks and a ripped black blouse. The two of them looked they they had just come from a "Nightwish" concert. 

Christy, on the other hand, was wearing running shorts and a bikini top. She looked like a supermodel, and every curve of her body was thin and tight. Her breasts were a little on the small side, but absolutely stunning in the blue bikini top. Her legs were toned and smooth, as if she had been working on her beach body all her life. 

I couldn't take my eyes of Christy, and it became a joke pretty quickly. I talked Christy into swimming with me so I could see her ass, and it was everything I had wanted. Susan and Kyle were content to sit it out by the cooler, and laugh every time I got caught staring at Christy. 

By the late afternoon, the crowd at the lake had died down, and Christy had warmed up to me more than a bit. In fact, she had asked if I would give her a ride home, and after I readily agreed, she moved her clothes to my truck. This may not seem like a big deal to anyone else, but to me it was like a first date with the hottest girl in school. 

We had built a small campfire, and another couple had joined us by the fire. The other couple was Steve and Linda, also from the school, and they had been dating for years. Steve was one of the captains of the football team, and Linda looked like a cheerleader, even though she wasn't. Linda was tall and thin, with bigger boobs than Christy. Linda usually wore make-up at school, and I was actually a little surprised that she was just as attractive without it. 

Steve and I had been friends for a while, and they were not bothered at all by us looking like an odd group.

When Steve and Linda saw us, they were both still wearing wet bathing suits, and I watched as they walked over to his car. I expected them to walk all the way back to the park restroom to change clothes, as Christy had done, but instead, they just stood by his car and changed right out in the open. 

Linda obviously knew they were showing off, and Steve even played it up, because they changed on the near side of the car, rather than the far side. Even though the car was 30 or 40 meters away, and the light had started to fade, I pointed it out to the others as I got a pretty good view of Linda's breasts as she changed. 

We were all cheering as Linda pulled a loose t-shirt over her breasts, not even bothering to look for a bra. (As she pulled her bikini bottoms down, we got no view at all, since the T-shirt extended down past her crotch.) We booed and laughed when the show appeared to be over, and Linda seemed to enjoy the attention all the more. She waved her ass seductively, as she pulled on a pair of loose shorts, again not bothering to wear underwear.

Steve played it up a bit more and intentionally faced us as he changed his shorts. He wasn't wearing a shirt, and didn't put one on until after he had showed off his naked body. We could tell in the half-light that he was semi-erect, and the girls whooped an hollered while Kyle and I laughed and tried to think of crude comments.

When they walked over to join us, Kyle shouted out: "The Russian judge only gave you a 7, but other than that, you got high marks." 

"Seven inches?" Steve asked in mock horror. "It is bigger than that just thinking about Johnny."

The gay joke put Kyle and Susan at ease, and we all sat around the fire and talked late into the night. I was sitting on a plastic chaise lounge, and Christy was sitting between my legs, leaning back against me as I gave her a back rub. Steve and Linda were also sitting in a lounge chair, on the other side of the camp fire, while Kyle and Susan were sitting in separate chairs, but holding hands.

The topic of conversation was mostly about college, and apparently Steve and Linda were both going to University of Georgia. Steve was going to try out for the football team, and he might even end up with a scholarship, but apparently the university had not promised him anything beyond a try-out.

When the county park ranger came by to kick us out, Steve and Linda talked them into letting everyone stay. Apparently Steve and Linda were camping in the park that night, and they told the park ranger we were all staying at the same camp site. 

As the night wore on, Steve gradually put his hands up under Linda's shirt, and started playing with her breasts. He made really no attempt to hide it, and she made only the slightest attempt. As she gradually got drunk, she would occasionally get quiet and massage her own pussy. She must have thought it was not obvious in the light, but she hiked her shorts up to reach it, giving me an almost unobstructed view. 

After a few more beers, Kyle and Susan both got up to go to the restroom. They asked if anyone else wanted to make the walk with them, but we declined, wondering if they were going to make some kind of new connection.

I could tell that Christy was a little turned on, because she took my hands while Kyle was gone, and placed my hands on her breasts. I needed no further encouragement, and put my hands under her shirt so that I could massage her more directly. She was wearing a bra, of course, but I could feel her nipples harden through the thin material. 

After a few seconds, she excused herself to go to the bathroom as well, but instead of walking to the campsite bathrooms, she simply walked over to the grass behind my truck. When she returned a few minutes later, I guessed she had removed her bra. My dick was already hard from touching her, but now it was almost painfully erect. She smiled as she glanced at it, and returned to her seat in front of me. 

This time, though, instead of simply leaning back on me, she pushed her ass back against my dick, and slid down very slowly to get to her previous seat. She felt my body shake a bit, both from the cold and the excitement, and asked if I needed a blanket. The temperature had dropped since the sun set, and she had bought a blanket back from Kyle's car.

"Did you see Kyle and Susan?" Steve laughed.

"No I just peed in the bushes. I think they went to go fuck in the shower."

"Those showers are great," Linda giggled. She was right, too. The park campground had indoor showers, of course, but they also had some rugged-looking outdoor showers surrounded by wooden privacy walls. Originally, the four outdoor showers had been designed so people could make a quick stop and wash the sand off their bathing suit. The wooden walls had been added so that the showers could be used as changing rooms. 

Because the showers were built into the side of the building, they were family-style, and no one noticed whether they were being used by men or women. You could see people's feet under the doors, though, and more than once, I had watched the local girls go into the shower, and imagined their naked body just by watching their feet. 

One time Steve and I had watched Linda go into the shower, and Steve described the scene as we watched her pull her bathing suit down over her feet. Steve had then casually walked into the same changing room, and I had watched intently as his feet moved directly in between hers. I imagined him fucking her on the bench, but he later told me that she had given him a blowjob, and had dangled her feet because he told her I was outside, and she thought I might enjoy the show.

As I remembered the bathroom stall event, I reached my hands back under Christy's shirt to discover that in fact she had removed her bra. Her breasts were the perfect size for my hands, round and firm. I could hear Christy's breath catch as I touched her nipples, and I guessed she was nearly as excited as me. She had pulled the blanket over us, so Steve and Linda could only guess what we were doing, while we had a clear view of them. Steve had pulled Linda closer, and he had reached his hand down into her shorts and apparently had one (or more) fingers in her pussy. 

When Christy started moaning, apparently that was all Linda needed, and we watched as her body shuddered in orgasm. Steve stopped rubbing her pussy, but kept his hand there while she rode out the shock waves. We watched her body tense against Steve several times, and then relax into his arms afterward. She had not made any noise, except for a few quiet grunts, but the movements of her body were pretty obvious. Linda clearly enjoyed showing off her sexuality, because she leaned back afterward and turned her head so that she could give Steve a long sexy kiss. 

"That was intense," she finally said. 

Christy agreed. "Yeah, I need a cold shower just from watching."

Kyle and Susan had still not returned, but Steve and Linda stood up, started gathering their belongings, and prepared to head back to their camp site. I know Steve must have been hard as a rock, but they were as polite as possible as they said their goodnights. Linda kissed Christy and I goodnight, and Steve said to give his apologies to Kyle and Susan for not waiting up. 

As they were walking away, Christy and I looked around, and walked around my truck to see if Kyle and Susan were headed back, but they were nowhere in sight. Christy turned to me near the truck and embraced me carefully and slowly, giving me a passionate kiss. She had to stand on her tip-toes because of my height, and I leaned down just a bit. The feel of her body against mine was sensual and electric, and her body felt tiny and sexy in my arms. Although I had played with her tits sitting down, the was the first time we had really embraced, and I couldn't help but reach my hands down inside her shorts. When I did, I discovered that she had removed her underwear as well. 

As she pressed up against my body, i knew that she could feel how hard my dick was, but I didn't care. In fact, she separated a bit so she could reach down and rub my dick through my shorts. I had been happy with just the kiss, but when she touched my dick, even though the shorts, I felt like I was about to explode.

"Oh my God" was all I could think to say. 

She put her finger to her lips to shush me, and quickly unhooked my shorts and unzipped them. She pulled my shorts and underwear down at the same time and my dick was so hard that it sprung out into the cool night air and nearly hit her. She lowered herself to her knees in front of me, and took only one quick look around before reaching up and taking my dick in her right hand. 

I couldn't care less who was watching, but I looked around too, worried that someone else might interrupt my dream girl. I also braced my legs, worried that I would collapse from the excitement. 

She teased my dick for a few seconds, tickling me with very soft strokes. She also rubbed around the moisture on the tip, nearly causing me to cum right then. After just a few seconds though, she took the tip of my dick in her mouth. The feeling was amazing, and I knew I wasn't going to last very long. 

She started to suck more of my dick into her mouth, but it must have gotten uncomfortable for her, because she stopped after two inches and covered the rest of my dick with her hands. I didn't want to make any noise, not only because I had been "shushed", but also because I didn't want to ruin the moment. Still, I thought it would be best to warn her before I came. 

In my mind, I would warn her in plenty of time for her to make up her mind what she wanted to do, but it didn't work that way at all. By the time I said "I am going to come", it was already inevitable. I held off as long as I could, but that just seemed to make my orgasm more intense. Instead of the slow orgasms I have while jacking off, it was sudden and overpowering. 

Everything else in the world seemed to dim in my mind, and I watched her face as I was shooting my come into her mouth. I was shaking so hard that I was worried I would pull my dick loose and spray her face like in a porn video. To her credit, she didn't back off at all. She took the entire load in her mouth. I half expected her to swallow it, but instead she just turned to the side and spit it out on the ground. 

She stood back up laughing. "Sorry if you wanted me to swallow that. I figured once it was out, you couldn't care less what happened to it."

"I don't care if you wax the car with it. That was awesome."

"It sure was," chimed in Kyle. "If we had some better light, that would be my new favorite video."

I hadn't seen them come up, but Kyle and Susan were watching us from the other side of the car. Christy jumped, because of the embarrassment, I guess, but sounded more shocked and mad than embarrassed.

"You didn't really record that did you?" Christy asked.

"Oh good God no. You guys would never invite us to the lake again, and I am really starting to like this park." He smiled over at Susan, and she actually blushed more than Christy had. 

We all started rounding up our stuff, because it was getting close to midnight, and also getting cold. When Christy finally climbed into the truck and snuggled up to me, it felt like my life was starting to go better in every way. 

"Thank you for that," I said. "But I notice that I haven't done anything to help you out."

"Wait here after they drive off," she said. "I have a few ideas..."