 We've reached the end of Cleo's tale. Thanks to everyone for their comments and support, and I hope you enjoy this latest installment.

*

Cleo burst into the apartment and rushed straight to her bedroom, walking straight past a surprised Erica. Erica was on her feet and following her before she even fully realized something was up.

"What's wrong?" Erica sad as she followed her, only to come face-to-face with Cleo's shut bedroom door. "Cleo! Cleo? What happened?" There was no response. "I ain't going away until you open this door. C'mon! You gotta get out of there sometime!" There was a slight click as Cleo unlocked the door.

Erica entered slowly, finding Cleo sitting sadly on the side of her bed. She had changed out of her date clothes and had just pulled on some sweats, her cute half-bra looking somewhat less sexy on an unhappy young woman. She wasn't crying, but Erica could tell that she had been. Sitting across from Cleo in an old armchair, Erica decided it would be better to let Cleo do the talking.

They sat there silently for a long minute before Erica became impatient.

"Hon, what happened?"

"He asked me out."

Erica's brows furrowed. "What like he wanted to book you without calling Adelle?"

"No, he asked me out. He wanted to date me. No more bookings, no more Adelle."

"Oh... I see," Erica said, nodding. She'd encountered this before: the client who wants to rescue her, take her away from her horrible life of selling herself. But that didn't exactly fit with Cleo and her special status. She wasn't so much a call girl as Andrew's private girl in New York. "What'd you say?"

"I told him no. Told him it would never work, that Adelle wouldn't allow it... I shouldn't have said yes, right?"

"Cleo, do you think you want to start dating a guy you met while filling in as a call girl?" Cleo laughed despite herself, but still looked miserable. "How'd he take it? Get angry?"

Cleo gave a half-laugh, half-sob. "He looked so sad. So... hurt. Erica I... felt horrible doing that to him." The tears began to flow again and Erica pulled her friend close, comforting her. "I told him he shouldn't book me again."

"That's... That's probably for the best hon," Erica said gently, rubbing Cleo's back as she would an upset child. Erica had been worried about something like this for months, but she had always assumed it would have gone the other way: that Andrew would have gotten tired of her or that Cleo's feelings would get in the way of the job. She never thought that it would be Andrew who would catch feelings and that Cleo would be the sober, professional one. "But I got some bad news for you kiddo. Now you've got to go into work today and explain to Adelle."

Cleo groaned. She knew she'd have to fess up: about her own feelings, about the fake-date trickery, and about making the possibly foolish decision to sever her connection with Andrew. She knew Adelle liked her, but she also knew that this was Adelle's business she was messing with, and Cleo had just lost her one of her highest paying customers. Cleo figured she had one chance in three of keeping her job when it was all said and done.

~~~~~~~~~~~~

"I should fire you. You know that," Adelle said firmly once she had finished her tale. Cleo's head dropped.

When Cleo came into work that afternoon, Adelle had immediately known that something was the matter. Cleo explained, as calmly as she could, what had happened, going all the way back to when Andrew booked her for her birthday. Adelle had listened closely, eerily calm. Cleo envied her boss' unflappability: She was sitting before Adelle's desk in abject misery, her nervous fingers playing with the edge of her blouse.

"Not to sound like your mother, but I'm very disappointed in you."

"I'm sorry." Cleo knew that she had said it before, but was convinced if she just kept repeating it she might be able to escape from this mess.

"Stop saying you're sorry."

Damn it. "I don't know what else I was supposed to do."

"Allow me to teach you," Adelle said, taking a sip of her tea. "You should not have booked him for your birthday. That suggested an emotional attachment. And you knew that, which is why you tried to hide it from me." Adelle put down her teacup and leaned back, her face unreadable. "That is the most distressing thing, that you lied to me. Except for that I'm almost proud of you."

Cleo's head snapped up. "Proud? What for?"

"I had been concerned about your feelings for Mr. Dunn. And I believe that you have some, or else none of this would be bothering you." Cleo didn't bother denying it. "But you controlled those feelings, and put them aside to do the right thing. And it was the right thing Cleo, please believe me."

"I... I felt so bad," Cleo said quietly.

"I don't doubt it," Adelle said evenly, still watching her employee. "And once you've refused such a request, you can't possibly continue to see him. He'd see it as a way to maintain contact, to woo you. It can become... an unhealthy relationship. What do you think of Mr. Dunn?" The question threw Cleo off. "Be honest dear."

"I like him. He's a good man."

"Not a nice guy?"

Cleo shrugged. "He's a man. There's a difference, you know that." Adelle smiled: Cleo had learned a lot working for her. "He's... Smart, kind, gentle, but big and strong and... And the sex is just... Amazing, explosive, devastating... But uh, tender. Like, close."

"Not just fucking. I understand. So you're fond of him?" Cleo nodded. "So why did you turn him down?"

"I just couldn't... There's the age thing, obviously. And, I mean, I hardly know him, really. And I knew you would kill me." Adelle smiled at that one. "And, I mean, Pretty Woman notwithstanding, I don't think that's really the way to meet someone."

"It can be hard..." Adelle began, trailing off. She shook her head gently, forging ahead. "It's very hard to build a... healthy relationship that starts as a commercial transaction."

"I can imagine."

"You lie to me again you'll be out on your ass, period. If I so much as suspect you are up to something, you are gone. Understood?" Cleo nodded. "And that includes anything that might happen with Mr. Dunn in the future. Are we clear?"

"Yes, yes Adelle we are perfectly clear."

"Good. Do you remember when I told you to stop seeing Mr. Dunn and you convinced me otherwise? I asked you to remember that conversation? I was looking to avoid something very much like this."

"I... I see that now," Cleo said, standing. "I really am sorry Adelle."

"Don't be sorry, just make sure nothing like this ever happens again."

~~~~~~~~~

"Thank you sir, we'll call to confirm," Cleo said.

"Thank you, Cleo. Perk up dear! It's a beautiful day out!" Mr. Daniels said, chiding.

"I will, thank you sir," Cleo laughed, shaking her head as she hung up. As she called Diane to tell her she had a job that evening, she thought about her attitude the past month. Was she in a funk? It had been six weeks since her last date with Andrew, and Cleo was starting to wonder if she would ever hear from him again.

A small part of her was happy that she hadn't. She had been worried that he would call and make a stink, or that she'd have some emotional confrontation with him, and she was pleased that neither had come to pass. But she couldn't deny that another part of her, a large part of her, missed him deeply. They may have only seen each other once a month, but their meetings had been so intense, so passionate, it felt like much more. Whatever else you might say about him, he was warm and kind, and she missed her time with him.

And then there was the sex. Whenever Cleo found herself horny, late at night, she couldn't help it as her mind turned to memories of her time with Andrew. With her rabbit buzzing away in her pussy and, occasionally, her butt plug stretching her open, she would fantasize about him until she came, shuddering, her pussy yearning for that amazing cock of his. Erica said she needed to go out and get laid, but Cleo wasn't one for one night stands. Between that and her unhappiness with the bar scene, she had been left with nothing but her fingers and toys to satisfy her. And it was starting to turn her into a bit of a crabby bitch.

It was looking like a busy day, unusual for a Saturday in August. Most weekends the city's wealthy elite fled for the Hamptons or the North Fork, which left few of their clients around. But this weekend something must have been up: the wealthy and horny seemed to be staying in town and ordering their women in.

"What's going on? Last weekend we were dead, and today we're running at a good clip."

"Could be a few things," Adelle said, taking off her glasses. "First off, the weather's shit: no one wants to drive two hours out on the island just to have to sit around inside anyway. How'd the market do this week?"

"Uh..." Cleo said, flipping to her stock widget, "Dow's... up for the week. C'mon, you think because Wall Street had one good week-"

"That all their new hires decided it was time to spend some of their hard earned money on the high class whores they know their bosses have been using? Yes, yes I do." The phone rang. "And here's another one. A very good weekend indeed."

"Adelle's, Cleo speaking, how may I help you?" Cleo asked, smiling at Adelle.

"Hello Cleo. How are you?"

Cleo's smile faltered, draining away. "Hello Mr. Dunn. I... I'm fine. How are you doing?" Adelle quickly stood and came around to Cleo's desk, asking with her hands if Cleo wanted her to take the call. Cleo held a hand up: she could handle this.

"I've been alright. Pretty busy with moving in, getting settled."

"No more travel? That must be quite a change."

"It really is... I'm used to bouncing between two homes in different states, with hotels scattered in between. A month solid in one apartment is... Different. But nice. And think, this winter I won't have to travel to see snow."

Cleo smiled, remembering their first date on that snowy night. "You just have to make it through the summer first."

"Right. I think it's actually hotter here than it was in Texas."

"How can I help you today, Mr. Dunn?" Cleo asked, remembering Adelle was watching and that she was supposed to be the consummate professional.

"I was uh, hoping to make an appointment for next weekend, the 26th. A five to nine."

"Of course."

"Are you, uh, available?" Andrew asked, the quiet hope in his voice like a dagger in her heart.

"I'm sorry Mr. Dunn, but I'm no longer... involved in that way."

"I see..."

"Um, Sheila is available, if you'd like."

"How about Erica?"

"Pardon?" Cleo asked confused.

"Is Erica available? She seemed lovely."

"Um..." Cleo floundered, completely thrown. Adelle saw that she was in trouble and signaled her to put Andrew on hold. "Just a moment please."

"What? What did he say?"

"He wants to book Erica for next weekend."

"Oh." Adelle said, nonplussed. "And?"

"And... She's my roommate, he knows that."

"Think he's trying to hurt you? Fuck your friend?"

Cleo shook her head. "I don't think so. He's not... cruel like that."

"Are you sure? Wound a man's pride and he can turn into a real prick."

"No... No, I think maybe he's trying to make me jealous or something."

"Hm. Is he succeeding?" Cleo only frowned in response. "Alright, book it."

"What?"

"Book it." Cleo was about to respond, but she could tell this wasn't the time to second-guess Adelle.

"Alright Mr. Dunn, that's Erica on the 26th. Where should she meet you?"

"That's right, I'm not at the Waldorf anymore," he said, laughing uncomfortably. "119 East 53rd street, apartment 12B."

"Thank you sir. We'll call to confirm," Cleo said crisply as she hung up, her mind spinning.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"Fuck it, I'm not going," Erica said.

"Erica, c'mon, Adelle will kill you," Cleo said, trying to calm her friend down.

"No she won't," Erica said, finishing off her wine and pouring some more. "I've got four clients who would balk if she dumped me, so fuck that noise. And fuck this guy, fuck Andrew. What does he think he's doing?"

"I don't know," Cleo said, sipping her own drink.

"I'll tell you what he's doing: he can't fuck you anymore so he's trying to fuck your best friend. This is some high school shit right here, lemme tell you. Fucker's damn near fifty but he's acting like a teenager." Erica was working herself up to an ass-kicking mood. "I'll tell Adelle to tell his punk ass to go find himself a girl the old fashion way. Or just go fuck himself. I can't believe he would do that to you!"

"Neither can I," Cleo said quietly, half to herself. She was still trying to figure out what was going on. Was Andrew just trying to piss her off? Or make her jealous? Or was it much simpler: he was over her and wanted a new girl to come by and suck his cock?

"What a fucking piece of shit," Erica said, now pacing around the living room. "From what you had said, I thought he sounded like a pretty nice guy. But this? This is just weird. Punishing you for his own damn feelings. It's outrageous. You oughta-Where are you going?" 

"To ask him," Cleo said, putting her shoes on.

"What!?"

"I'm going to get to the bottom of this. I'm not having you square off with Adelle over me, and I... I can't believe he's doing it to be cruel. I can't. I know his address, I'll just go over and see... Find out what's going on."

"Adelle's gonna flip out. She'll fire you."

"I'll explain myself to Adelle tomorrow," Cleo said firmly. As far as Cleo could tell, she was saving Adelle a huge headache: She knew Erica wasn't going to back down, and Erica was much more valuable to Adelle than Andrew. And if Adelle fired her... Cleo had made close to thirty thousand dollars just from her work with Andrew, so she knew she would be able to take care of herself until she found something else. She just couldn't believe that he could be so heartless to do something just to hurt her.

"Cleo, this is stupid. Let me come with you."

"You just want to hold him down while I kick him. We're just going to talk, don't worry," Cleo said as she grabbed her purse and headed for the door.

"Wait, wait, take this," Erica said, searching through a drawer and handing her something that Adelle had given her almost nine months earlier: a can of pepper spray. She was about to protest when Erica interrupted her. "You are going into a man's home to have an emotional confrontation, and one that he might not take well. I am not letting you out of this house without protection. It's either this or the baseball bat, your choice."

"Fine," Cleo said, putting the small can into her purse. She didn't like that Erica was making perfect sense.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"Cleo? What are you doing here?" Andrew said as he opened the door and stepped aside so she could enter. He was in sweats and a tee shirt, and Cleo had to smile: she had never seen him dressed down.

"Is this a bad time?" Cleo asked, looking around. Andrew's new place was very posh, and enormous: you could probably fit her entire apartment in his spacious living room. You could tell that he had just recently moved in, as the whole place was still very spare, but Andrew had already fully furnished the place with some very expensive, tasteful pieces.

"No, I was, uh, just watching some television. Can I get you something? I think I have some wine or-"

"What the fuck do you think you're doing?" Cleo blurted out, turning on him and pinning him with her angry hazel eyes. "Booking Erica? What, I turn you down so you figure my roommate's the next best thing? Are you trying to get back at me? Make me jealous? Well? Because all you've done is piss Erica off and, fuck, pissed me off too! I just..."

"Cleo?" Andrew asked once she seemed to burn herself out a little.

"What?"

"I only did it because I hoped you would do something like this."

"What?" Cleo asked, her voice quiet.

"I... I knew you wouldn't let me book you again, but I knew if I could do something to get under your skin you might do something... Impulsive, like this. I also knew it was the only way to get you my address."

Cleo was a little stunned. "You manipulated me into coming here?"

Andrew shrugged. "Strategy and manipulation is sort of my day job. Sorry."

"What the fuck for?"

"I just wanted to see you again hon," he said, his voice rough. "I... I've missed you." Cleo was about to yell at him again, but all the rage was gone from her. She looked into his brown eyes and saw all the loneliness and sadness there. Her shoulders slumped a little, as she felt the anger being replaced with the sadness she'd been feeling for the past few weeks.

"I've missed you too," she said quietly, a tear escaping and sliding down her cheek. Andrew watched her for a moment, and then in three great strides she was in his arms, her face in his chest as his hands gently rubbed her back.

"Christ hon, what are we doing?" he asked quietly. Cleo just shook her head, she didn't have an answer for him.

"How'd you know I'd come here?" she said into his chest.

"I didn't, really, but it was the only move I had," he said. "If you hadn't, I'd have just told Erica to go home and tell you I needed to speak to you."

"She probably would have smacked you around before you could say anything," Cleo said, picturing her furious roomy. She pushed on his chest, escaping from his arms. "So you wanted to talk to me. Talk." Andrew nodded, moving to sit on his couch and indicating for her to take a seat in an armchair. Cleo did, sinking into the leather cushions.

"I've been miserable," Andrew began, his eyes earnest. "I didn't tell you this, but... Well, in Tampa and Dallas I didn't use, uh, escorts. I had girlfriends living there." Cleo nodded. "But after seeing you a few times, especially after my birthday, I really started thinking about my relationship with them. And I realized that, well, my relationship with you was much more honest."

"What do you mean?"

"Well, I call them my girlfriends, but they were almost like hookers themselves. Whenever I saw them I had to bring gifts, or take them shopping. When I was with them, I knew I was just another chore they were doing to get something for themselves. After my birthday I was out one night with Alice, she was in Tampa, and we went out... And it was the most soulless, joyless night out two people could have had. It was just terrible."

"Sorry," Cleo offered.

"And the whole time I'm remembering my day with you and I just thought, what the fuck am I doing? Why am I wasting my time with people I don't care about and don't give a damn about me? So I cut it off, with both of them. When I saw you on your birthday, you were the closest thing to a girlfriend that I had."

"Andrew, I-"

"Let me finish," Andrew said, holding up his hand. "Between all that, and the job with Cravath, well, I just... I've spent most of my career, my life, going after what I want. No half measures. When we were last together I... I was alone, unattached, and with this amazing young woman that I can't get out of my head. I'm moving to her city, starting a new career, a new life. So I went after what I wanted. You."

Andrew looked up finally, his brown eyes locked with hers. "I don't care how we met, or our ages, or anything like that. I just know how I feel about you, and how I think you feel about me."

"Andrew... Are you trying to tell me you love me?" Cleo asked, her voice tiny, hesitant.

"No," he said firmly. "I've been married twice. If I ever tell a woman I love her again it will be for the last time. I hope. But I want to find out if I do, Cleo. I want to have that chance. I like the hell out of you, if that helps at all," he offered, a small smile on his face.

"How long have you felt like this? Is that why you kept booking me?"

"At first... Well at first it was a combination of things. I was definitely a little smitten. You were just so... genuine, honest, real. A lot of the girls you meet who, uh, do this," Cleo could tell he was trying to avoid the word whore or hooker, "they're running some kind of game, or just playing you. Like a stripper or something, just keeping you happy so that you keep paying."
