 My senior year in high school was probably one of the best years of my life. I went to a preppy Catholic school because my parents were kind of wealthy. I was the last of my class to turn 18 and when I finally did it was, out of a lack for a better word, epic. Now one thing to understand is I "got around" a lot in high school, my relationships were usually about a month long and was mainly physical, but I didn't really have the balls to go past 3rd base before I turned 18.

It all started on the first day of school after winter break. For Christmas I had gotten a box of condoms from my old man and intended to use them. I wasn't really bad looking in high school, I was about 6 ft. tall, had a muscular body (no 6-pack though), light blue eyes, and scruffy brown hair, and was well endowed with a 7 1/2 inch cock. 

"Oh Patrick, Josh just dumped me!" she said. 

Josh was her boyfriend before this story, and he was a total jock and a total douche.

"Why?" I asked.

"Well, I can't really tell you in public, it's kind of embarrassing," She replied.

"Ok," I said, "How about I drive you home after school and we can talk about it then?"

"Sure," she said. She then got up, grabbed her backpack, and gave me a quick kiss on the cheek and said, "Thanks, Patrick"

I smiled and she walked into the school, then turned around and gave me the cutest wink I have ever seen.

I walked around the school to the back entrance, because my physics class was right next to the door. I walked right into the classroom as the bell rang. I couldn't help but think about why Josh had dumped Alexia. She had a great body, curves in all the right places, tanned skin, an ass to die for, and breasts that were at least C cups. She had warm brown eyes and curly long brown hair with blond highlights dashed in; she was very beautiful, nice, and funny. I personally thought Josh was just a dumbass for dumping this girl.

The day went pretty slow, but finally at 2:40, the end bell rand and I got my books and went to meet Alexia at my car, a battered old Dodge Charger, which was my pride and joy considering I had found it as basically scrap metal.

Alexia was already at the car waiting for me. She had on a white blouse, with jeans that fit her extremely well. 

"Hi," she said.

"Hey, you," I said, "Hop in."

She got in the car and we drive off. Her house was just 15 minutes from the school so it was not a long drive. She was quiet the whole time, no matter how hard I tried to get her to talk. When we finally pulled up to her house, she got her bag and led me inside, to her room. Her parents were never home before 7:00, so we had plenty of time alone. 

I sat on her fluffy, girly bed and said, "So what's up? Why did that dick break up with you?"

"He wasn't a dick!" She yelled at me, but she was clearly amused. "Ok maybe he was," she said, "Well, he told me the same bullshit, how it's not me, it's him, and then when I asked him why, he said, 'well, honestly it is because there is another girl.' He is dating Ashley, the Ashley!"

Ashley was the school slut, and also the hottest girl, the head cheerleader and also a huge bitch. Alexia had started crying again.

"I'm so sorry, Alexia," I said, "Don't worry, he will probably get herpes the first time he sleeps with her."

She laughed and said, "I hope so, and thank you, Patrick for listening to my problems." 

She gave me a long sexy look and her hand was on my thigh. She then leaned in and kissed me. It was a long romantic kiss. When we finally broke it, she looked at me and licked her lips, and gave me a fuck me stare.

"You sure you want to do this?" I asked. 

"Yes," she said, "I want you right now." 

Deep down I knew it was probably revenge sex buy I didn't care.

"Ok, baby, we can do away with these clothes then!" I said.

She looked at me and smiled. She removed her top first, giving me a look at her sexy black lace bra. Next she undid her jeans and slipped them off, letting me see that she was wearing a very thin thong. I reached over and kissed her, this tome letting our tongues dance inside each other's mouths. I undid her bra for her, and got my first look at her magnificent tits.

"You like?" she asked sexily.

"Oh I like very, very much!" I said. 

I grabbed one and started licking and sucking with all my energy. She moaned loudly in response. Then I took the other one and did the same thing.

"My turn," I said, and I pulled of my t-shirt.

I unzipped my jeans and stripped out of my boxers to reveal my now hard 7 1/2 cock. Her eyes bulged.

"Holy shit!" she gasped, "That thing is fucking huge! It has to be at least 3 inches longer than Josh's!" 

I laughed, and she grabbed my cock and started stroking. Then she lowered her head and started to suck me. 

"OH Alexia," I moaned.

She moaned deeply into my cock. She then licked my shaft from top to bottom and then started to suck on my balls.

"Fuck, that's good!" I yelled.

"God, you cock tastes so good, Patrick!" She said, "Please fuck my throat!"

I held her head while she opened her mouth and I shoved my cock all the way down her throat, she sucked on it like a pro. 

"OH baby I'm going to cum soon!" I said. 

She pulled me out of her mouth.

"Not yet babe," she said.

She lay down on her back and moved her thong to one side.

"Eat me," she said.

I, being happy to oblige, dove my face into her sweet, shaved cunt and proceed to eat her out with a passion.

"OH fuck!" she screamed.

I was using my tongue to fuck her tight pussy. This went on for a while then I inserted two fingers in her.

"Shit! Right there!" she yelled.

I continued to finger her while flicking my tongue on her button. 

"Fuck, I'm cumming!" she screamed and came onto my fingers. 

I let her catch her breath and then let her suck on my wet fingers while she stroked my cock.

Eventually, I said, "Now the real fun begins."

I got in position and slowly slid my cock into her tight pussy.

"OH God!" she said, "Fuck me hard, Patrick!"

I obliged and stared to pump my dick in and out of her, gaining speed with each pump. Soon I was passionately fucking her brains out. 

"Fuck, you are so much better than Josh!" she said.

I continued to pump in and out until I felt myself about to cum. I pulled out and flipped her around so she was in doggie style position.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

"I'm going to make you feel amazing baby just don't worry I'll go slowly," I said. 

She nodded. I spit in my hand and lubed myself up, and then I slowly slid my dick into her asshole. 

"Shit Patrick! I'm still a virgin there!" she said, "OH but it feels so good! Don't hold back!"

I start slow and gentle, pumping in a slow rhythm until her yelps of pain turned to moans. Then I gained more speed until I was ass fucking her, and she was yelling.

"OHHH FUCK!" she said, "It's amazing! Don't stop!"

I gave her ass a couple smacks every now and then and she seemed to enjoy them. 

After about five minutes of anal she said, "Shit!! I'm Cumming!!!" and I felt I had to cum too so I grabbed her ass and slammed my cock deep into her and came, spilling strand after strand if my seed in her ass. 

She came too and she convulsed on my cock, finally I pulled out and we both caught out breaths. 

"Wow," she said, "Thank you Patrick! That was the greatest fucking of my life! Josh could never make me cum twice in a row!"

"My pleasure," I said, "It was great to fuck such a beautiful girl."

She giggled and kissed me in a long, romantic, naked kiss. Then we got up, cleaned ourselves up, and got back in our clothes. She walked me to the front door and gave me a kiss goodbye.

"Let's do this again sometime," she said.

"Of course," I replied.

Then I got in my car, waved at her, and drove away. The entire ride home, I was thinking about fucking Alexia and what other possibilities this would lead to.