 (Usual Disclaimer Time: Even though this story almost entirely takes place in a high school setting, all the characters in this story are 18 years old or older, and since we're living in the wide wonderful world of porno-land here, where clichés roam free and things might get a little unrealistic from time to time, please remember it's all in good fun, I swear.)

Previously, on Senior Year Memories: Nerdy 18-year-old Ryan Collins was knocked down from the great year he'd been enjoying when school bully and star football player, Kyle Bowman, sucker punched him in the eye. Fearful and returning to old habits, it took the unlikely alliance of his cheerleader fuck buddies Kaitlyn and Brooke, alongside his best friend, Tori, to snap him out of his funk and plan to take down Kyle once and for all. This plan went perfectly, when at the Homecoming dance, Ryan and Kaitlyn seduced Addison, Kyle's girlfriend and the Homecoming Queen, letting her in on Kyle's bad habits. Together through the power of a three-way, Ryan, Kaitlyn and Addison humiliated Kyle. Now with Kyle humiliated and arrested for drug possession, Ryan, Tori, Kaitlyn and Brooke are retreating to Tori's house to split open a bottle of whiskey for their own after party.

***

The one thing video games didn't prepare me for about real world boss fights was that afterward, I'd need a shower. The combined stench of sweat, adrenaline and the sex I'd had with Addison Gonzalez left me feeling sticky and smelling terrible. The shower's hot water running down my body was almost hot enough to burn, but had the exact feeling of cleansing that I'd wanted. My nervousness wasn't gone, not entirely, not yet, but I was almost there, probably just needing more time for it to sink in.

We'd beaten Kyle Bowman.

We'd beaten Kyle fucking Bowman!

The words felt impossible. After the years of hell he'd given me across middle school and high school, that Kyle Bowman might no longer be an issue at Regan Hills High School was just too much to believe. After what he'd been caught doing, after the information we'd passed up the line, there was no way he'd be welcome back at school. He'd be lucky if he only faced expulsion, at this point. Whether he'd serve time for possession or just get sent to an out of town school, it was too early to tell, but for right now it was a victory, and it was one I meant to savor.

Finally feeling clean, I turned the shower off and grabbed a towel. The bathroom off Tori's basement bedroom was small, but it had everything it needed, and considering all the nights I'd spent here for various sleepovers, projects or epic gaming sessions, it was as familiar to me as my own.

Well, nearly as familiar. Looking in the mirror over the sink, I saw a me that I wasn't all that used to. It wasn't just the black eye, or the beginning of a muscular frame (all thanks to Brooke's brutal workout routines and diets), no, it was something else. It was more than confidence, more than having a big cock. It was like having sex flipped a switch inside me, making me into my best self, or at least someone on their way to being their best self.

And I wouldn't have been able to be this person without the girls and women who'd shown me the way.

Kaitlyn Pruitt.

Brooke King.

Haley Campbell.

Mrs. Lynn.

Nadia Barclay. 

And now Addison Gonzalez.

Every one of them was a new experience, showing me new sides of myself, teaching me new things and skills, making me better, one hot and sweaty round of sex at a time. If it'd stopped here, I knew this year would've been the greatest year of my life, but I also knew that it wasn't going to end here.

Not by a long shot.

I got dressed in my underwear, sweatpants and t-shirt that I stashed at Tori's for when I spent the night, then went to rejoin Kaitlyn, Brooke and Tori in her room.

I knew I should've been alarmed right away once I heard the three of them together, laughing. These three never would agree on something to laugh about most of the time. I crept around the corner from the bathroom slowly, peering into Tori's bedroom.

Having spent more time in here than I could remember, I knew the room like the back of my hand, most of its walls covered in bookcases stacked floor to ceiling with books, the desk that was almost more collectibles than it was a functional desk, the old, brick-hard couch I'd spent many a night on and the giant bed in the center of the room that Tori always taunted me from whenever I stayed over.

Tori, Kaitlyn and Brooke huddled around Tori's desk, laughing at something on her laptop, was a potentially dangerous arrangement, but one I was willing to explore. They'd all gotten out of their Homecoming dresses and were wearing sleep clothes from Tori's collection. Cleaned of makeup and with their hair down (save for Brooke's trademark loose pigtails), they looked like three girls at a slumber party, or, well, what I imagined girls at a slumber party to look like.

Sweet and petite blonde Brooke, wearing an old purple pair of Tori's pajamas that were far too long for her.

Sultry brunette Kaitlyn, her killer curves barely hidden by the overlong sleep shirt that her bare legs emerged from.

And Tori... not looking all that different from how she usually did, with pale skin, wild curly red hair and a smile that can fix almost any dark day. Dressed in her usual bedtime oversized sleep shirt and sweatpants, she showed them something on the computer.

"Whatcha watching?" I asked.

Kaitlyn looked to me, amused. "We were watching Kyle going small town viral for a while, but when new stuff stopped showing up, Tori just started showing us old videos of you two as kids."

A sick pit opened up in my stomach. "Please don't tell me you showed them the video of me in my underwear singing and dancing to 'Umbrella.'"

"Fine, I won't tell you that," Tori said. I facepalmed. I thought I had a new life after tonight, and now I was ready for it to be all over again.

"Oh, come on, you're not, like, that bad a dancer," Brooke said, bouncing over to Tori's bed and flopping down on it. I sat next to her, twirling one of her pigtails around my finger while she looked up at me cutely.

"Really?" I asked, amused.

"Nah. I could give you some pointers, add that to our routines," Brooke said.

"Pass. I'm sore enough as is after you're done with me," I said.

"Well, we can't have that, can we?" Brooke said, playfully squeezing my cock. Memories of what we'd done together spun before my eyes, giving my erection full strength. That this was happening didn't go unnoticed by Brooke, and she rubbed her hand up and down my cock appreciatively before letting up.

She wanted to play, but wasn't ready yet it seemed.

"Fine, fine, I'll keep your modesty and shut the computer down," Tori said, shutting it off and spinning around in her chair. I was happy to see the victory hadn't left her face, and that even Kaitlyn had let her resting bitch face go for a moment.

I was, admittedly, completely taken by the sheer beauty that surrounded me, and I didn't respond terribly well to it. "So, uh, we're going full sleepover tonight?"

"Why not?" Kaitlyn asked.

"I thought you guys, well, hated each other," I said, mostly addressing Kaitlyn and Tori since I wasn't sure that Brooke had it in her to really hate anyone.

"I never hated her specifically, just most people in general," Kaitlyn clarified.

"And hated's more of a past tense thing for me, now. Now, Kaitlyn's on a scale of 'begrudging respect' for me because she's pretty good at revenging," Tori said.

"Awww," Kaitlyn said, playfully hugging Tori around the shoulders. "You're not too bad yourself."

"Doesn't mean we're on hugging terms yet," Tori said through the hug.

"I know. Why else do you think I hugged you?" Kaitlyn joked.

"Bitch," Tori replied.

"Yup," Kaitlyn said.

"Gonna have to agree with Tori there," Brooke said, twirling one of her own pigtails now.

"Ditto," I replied.

Kaitlyn let Tori go and crossed her arms under her breasts in mock anger. It didn't take much to see that her massive tits weren't in a bra, and despite the massive load I'd shot earlier in the night, I felt my cock begin to stir. It was good to know that was working just fine again. 

"Well, fine, if my hugs aren't gonna be fucking appreciated, how 'bout we bust open that bottle of Jack you promised?" Kaitlyn asked.

"Done," Tori said, getting up and opening the trunk at the foot of her bed. She rooted around in it a bit, digging through various bits of things she wouldn't want her parents finding, before digging up the three-quarters full bottle of Jack at the bottom.

"I thought you said you were saving this for a special occasion," I said.

"Well," Tori said, eying the bottle. "I was saving the rest of it for a special occasion."

"I'm honored," I said.

She stuck her tongue out at me, then unscrewed the cap and took a swig. "Look, do you want to toast to the downfall of Kyle or don't you?"

"I'll drink to that," Kaitlyn said, taking the bottle from Tori's hands and drinking some herself. She winced, and coughed, but got it down. "I am so not a whiskey girl."

"More for me, then," Brooke said cheerfully, reaching up from the bed, taking the bottle and a long, dainty sip. "It's like a happy fire burning the shit out of my throat!"

"I'm sure they'll use that in all the ad campaigns," I said. Brooke laughed, passed the bottle to me. I looked at it skeptically. I wasn't much of a drinker, and when I was, it wasn't usually anything nearly as strong as whiskey. They looked at me expectantly, and at once a thousand school lessons on peer pressure ran through my head. I didn't have to drink this if I didn't want to, but right then, still feeling that glint of victory not too far off, I raised the bottle to the girls.

"To a new beginning," I said, taking a small hit off the bottle. Brooke was right, it was like fire rolling down my throat, but I wouldn't have called it nearly as happy as she did. I coughed and sputtered, trying and failing to ignore the laughs.

"Okay, that was all, like, good, but not good enough," Brooke said, wincing.

"What was?" Tori asked.

"I wanna wash the taste of Kyle out of my mouth, and whiskey just ain't cutting it. Anyone wanna make out with me?" Brooke asked, as if it was the most normal question in the world.

That both Kaitlyn and Tori seemed to be seriously considering this option was enough to make my cock twitch, but it didn't take much for me to say, "Sure."

"Sweet," Brooke said, pulling me down to the bed so I was on top of her, mashing our lips together. Making out with Brooke was one of my favorite things to do, mostly because it seemed to be one of her favorite things to do. She was energetic and fun and just loved kissing, favoring quick, rapid kisses with a tongue that was all too eager to dart in and play with mine. I liked meeting her in kind, pulling her in close and pushing my tongue into her, trying to slow her down with longer kisses and loving the way she made it into a playful battle.

On Tori's bed, we were no different, energetically going at it while I ground my rock-hard cock against her pajama-covered pussy. If we didn't find some way to let off this energy soon, god only knew what'd happen to my cock.

Breaking our kiss, I said, "Admit it, you just wanted to make out with me."

"I wasn't picky, but I was hoping," Brooke said cutely, giving me a quick peck on the nose.

There were hands on my shoulders as Kaitlyn pulled me off of Brooke and into a sitting position.

"Hey!" Brooke complained.

"Oh, be nice and learn to share," Kaitlyn said, sitting in my lap and pressing her full, sensual lips to mine. Kissing Kaitlyn was different from kissing Brooke, because although she was slower about making out than Brooke, she very much wanted to let me know that she was in charge. No matter what I tried to do, she was always one move ahead, shifting and changing pressure, her tongue more forceful and keeping mine down. Her hands wrapped around me, pulling me in tight as she ground against me. At first, I closed my eyes tightly, lost to the passion as we made out, but opening them, my eyes locked onto Tori's.

She watched us make out, considering what was happening on her bed. Her face definitely read confusion, but there was something else I couldn't identify, which was impressive considering how well I knew that face. While Brooke's cute as a button yet slutty as all get-out and Kaitlyn's sultry, passionate faces were ones that were fairly new to me, Tori's pale, freckled face was one I'd known my whole life. She wasn't as traditionally gorgeous as Brooke and Kaitlyn were, but she had a unique natural beauty all her own that I'd always admired. I knew her smile, I knew her laugh, I knew her pissed, and I knew her sad, but this look she was giving me now was one I wasn't accustomed to.

Maybe she felt as strange as I did about me making out with Kaitlyn and Brooke, two people she'd once considered the lowest of the low at Regan Hills High School, in her room.

Maybe she was still trying to understand that I was actually sexually active these days.

Or maybe she was just thinking about how inconsiderate it was that three people were making out on her bed without so much as asking, "Hey, do you mind if we make out on your bed?" It was a new situation to me, but I was pretty sure asking would generally be considered the polite move.

I might've even gotten around to checking with her to see if this was okay, if Brooke hadn't sat up next to us and forcibly separated Kaitlyn and me, just to start making out with Kaitlyn herself. That pretty much halted all rational thought because, well, how often do you get to see two slutty cheerleaders, one sitting on and grinding your lap, make out at this range?

I wagered it wasn't that often, which is how I found it very easy then to forget about Tori and enjoy the show.

Kaitlyn and Brooke were clearly practiced at making out, and watching them duel it out with each other was one of the hottest things I'd yet seen. Watching two different yet powerful girls, each trying to dominate the other while enjoying themselves, was great. They smiled and cooed and moaned while Kaitlyn ground herself against my cock, Brooke running her hands up and down her body, pinching her nipples through her shirt.

Again, I locked eyes with Tori. "Are you seeing this?"

"Seeing. Not believing," Tori said, unable to take her eyes off Kaitlyn and Brooke.

"What?" Kaitlyn asked, pulling her lips from Brooke's. Brooke groaned in protest, then began kissing Kaitlyn's neck. Kaitlyn continued, "You never had a coupla sluts making out in your bed before?"

Tori got up from her chair, slowly approaching us as she watched. "I've had sluts in this bed. I've fucked sluts in this bed. Been called a slut in this bed, and damn well earned that title, but I can't say I've ever had two cheerleader sluts making out with and on top of my best friend in this bed. That one's brand new."

"Oh, well, you really should, like, try it out sometime, it's way fun," Brooke said, playfully squeezing Kaitlyn's breasts through her shirt.

I looked Tori square in the eye. There were lines being crossed here that were never seriously considered before, and I didn't know how Tori would handle them. She was my best friend, and hot as this was, I wouldn't do anything to jeopardize that. If she told me to stop this, I would have stopped unhesitatingly and bore the consequences of whatever happened next. It might take some time, but I'd do whatever it took to get back on her good side, because even with my new status quo, I couldn't afford to lose her.

I asked her, "Are you sure you're cool with this?"

Tori considered this silently. She was about to say something, when Kaitlyn cut her off, "Oh, like she hadn't made up her mind the moment she invited all of us over. She's just too fucking scared to do anything about it."

A growing anger built on Tori's face, one I was very familiar with and knew better than to get in the way of, and she closed the distance between her and Kaitlyn. She grabbed a handful of Kaitlyn's hair and pulled her head back violently so she was looking Tori in the eye.

"You can be a real cunt sometimes, you know that?" Tori said, locking lips with a very surprised Kaitlyn. I don't think anyone could've been more surprised than me, though, that this was happening a few inches from my face.

"Neat," Brooke commented.

"Yeah," I said, watching as Kaitlyn's surprise gave way to passion as she and Tori made out with each other. Where Kaitlyn tried to dominate while kissing, Tori was more than able to keep up with her, matching her kiss for kiss. Tori taking advantage of her position to first grope Kaitlyn's breasts, pinching at her nipples through her shirt, then pulling the long t-shirt all the way over Kaitlyn's head, exposing her nude form to all of us.

Seeing them then, I understood why I'd never get tired of seeing Kaitlyn's tits. Unbelievably large and perfectly proportioned DD tits with not a hint of sag, big, round areolas and nipples that stood out like bullets, practically demanding attention.

"You weren't wearing panties? This is one of my favorite shirts!" Tori complained.

"You're honestly surprised I'm not wearing panties?" Kaitlyn said, rolling her eyes. Answering that eye roll, Tori swatted Kaitlyn on the ass.

Kaitlyn yelped. "Did you just spank me?"

Tori slapped Kaitlyn's other ass cheek, then said, "Twice."

"Hey!" Kaitlyn exclaimed.

"Nice ass, by the way," Tori said, smirking, then pulling Kaitlyn's hair back so they could make out some more. The sight of Kaitlyn naked and being dominated by my best friend while they made out was something I never in even my wildest dreams imagined, so seeing it happen on my lap was fucking surreal, to say the very least.

Looking for something I understood, something that could ground me, I leaned forward and took one of Kaitlyn's nipples into my mouth, sucking on it as she ground her naked pussy against my sweatpants clad cock. I suckled and nibbled, enjoying her muted groans as she made out with Tori. Feeling a presence at my side, I opened my eyes and saw Brooke at Kaitlyn's other breast, suckling as eagerly as only she could, while Kaitlyn's moans took on a more frantic tone, her grinding against my cock picking up speed.

Around Kaitlyn's nipple, Brooke smiled. I smiled back. She looked so good there, so tasty, I had to let Kaitlyn's tit go, leaning over and kissing Brooke, first around Kaitlyn's nipple, then on her own when she let go. We made out, giggling and joyful, unmindful of Kaitlyn or Tori or the crazy course of events that led us here, lost in each other and loving every second of it.

Wanting some more tit, and not wanting to get in Tori's way as she cupped and squeezed Kaitlyn's tits, I pulled Brooke's top off, her tiny little titties popping free. Though they may have been small, I'd learned from experience they were crazy sensitive, and it didn't take more than the lightest circling of her pink areolas with my tongue to get her to squeal, throwing her head back.

"Fuck, yes," she hissed as I licked and sucked more forcefully.

Kaitlyn was grinding against my cock more forcefully, her juices starting to soak through the front of my sweatpants enough that I could feel her wetness on my cock. I knew if she kept going like this, she'd probably cum right on me. I knew it, Brooke knew it, and Tori sure as hell had to have known it, which was why I found it confusing when she put her hand on my shoulder and said, "Stop."

All it took was that one word, that simple reminder that it wasn't just me and Brooke and Kaitlyn in here, a simple glance between Tori and me that reminded me she wasn't just another girl, but was actually someone I knew almost as well as myself. Even though I couldn't explain why, I felt like I'd been caught doing something terrible.
