 (Usual Disclaimer Time: Even though this story almost entirely takes place in a high school setting, all the characters in this story are 18 years old or older, and since we're living in the wide wonderful world of porno-land here, where clichés roam free and things might get a little unrealistic from time to time, please remember it's all in good fun, I swear. This story is highly serialized, and though it's not 100% necessary to have read the whole story up until this point to enjoy the content of the chapter, it's definitely advisable to understand some of the ongoing plots.)

(Author's Note: I'd like to again thank MisterWildCard for acting as a second set of eyes on this chapter and for his honest editing and fantastic suggestions. As well, I want to give special thanks to reader Natalie R. for the kind words and encouragement that helped me through a rough creative patch I was having. As always, if you're enjoying this, please, please, please drop some stars, reviews or shoot me some feedback. Though I may not always respond, I do love hearing from all of you and seeing that you're enjoying the series. It keeps me going and motivates me to continue writing more. You've all been wonderful and I can't thank you enough for all of your kind words and encouragement and yes, even the criticisms!)

Previously, on Senior Year Memories: 18-year-old nerd Ryan Collins had a good day. After reconciling with his best friend Tori McNeil after a couple weeks of evasion and silence (even getting an invitation to Thanksgiving dinner to meet her new girlfriend), his investigation into discovering the identity of Sam, the mystery girl he had sex with on Halloween, came to an end. Thanks to the help of Tori's sister, Rachel, and a tip from band geek Hope Harris, Ryan was able to discover Sam's identity: Sarah Kent, a shy dancer, fellow band geek and one of the best friends of Ryan's goth lover, Josie Wong. With great anticipation, Ryan tracked Sarah down and seduced her at her mother's dance studio. As tends to happen in this story, hot sex ensued. Afterward, riding high from his afternoon with Sarah, Ryan impulsively made out with Rachel, and though she reciprocated after a few seconds both realized it was a bad idea and broke it off.

(WARNING: To those of you who are looking for a story where everyone makes the right decisions, nobody's feelings get hurt and everything ends with a guarantee of a "happily ever after," this chapter is probably not for you. Though I mean to keep the sex hot, some hearts will be broken by chapter's end. Don't say I didn't warn you.)

***

I'm going to tell you now about how I lost Tori, though it's not quite as simple as that.

Just because we were best friends doesn't mean I had any kind of claim over her, she was never actually "mine", so "lost" isn't quite the right word. Right words are hard to find for what exactly happened between us, but whatever it was, it was my fault. Spin it however you want, say whatever it is that makes you sleep best at night, but at the end of the day I was the one who screwed up so spectacularly that by the end of Thanksgiving, my oldest friend and I were no longer friends.

It's not a story I want to tell, nor is it one I offer to you as a warning because I understand that my problems are hardly normal or representative of the kinds of problems you'd want warnings about, but you'll hear it anyway. Why's that? Why wouldn't I just hide from the dark moments of my life like a kid under the covers hoping that a simple piece of cloth would keep the flesh rending claws of monsters at bay?

Continuity.

If I skipped past Thanksgiving to December, shy a best friend and in a depressed funk for all I'd fucked up and thrown out, you'd probably be confused. No, I'm going to tell you what happened on Thanksgiving so you'll know what happened and what effect it had on things moving forward. It's not a day I'm proud of, nor is it one I like to linger on, but if you're here for my story, this is a necessary chapter.

I wish I could promise you the happy kind of happy ending you'd see in a movie, but this isn't that kind of story. This year doesn't end with Tori and me walking off into the sunset hand in hand or with a tearful makeup session that leads to hot sex (Halloween, as it turned out, was the last time ever we'd have that kind of fun). It just... well, I won't spoil that much ahead.

So, are you sure you want to keep reading? Are you sure you're ready?

Here goes nothing.

***

On the long list of holidays, Thanksgiving was always one of my least favorite growing up. It didn't come with presents or costumes or getting candy, but did involve having to get dressed up in uncomfortable and sit quietly while surrounded by people you didn't like. When I was little and Mom did all the cooking, I was used to being surrounded by so many people from her side of the family that I didn't recognized, being pinched and poked and told how big I was getting and generally being miserable.

After Mom died... well, it was just Dad and me, and Dad wasn't a fan of either cooking or going all out for holidays or reminders of better times, so Thanksgiving was officially off the menu for us. Since I was missing Mom but didn't miss having to get dressed up to get poked and prodded by people I barely knew, this didn't seem that bad a compromise to me.

Then Tori had to start inviting me to her house.

I couldn't tell you how long Tori and I had known each other since my memory didn't go back that far, but ever since Mom died she'd invite me over to Thanksgiving. Some years I accepted, some years I didn't, and some years for one reason or another there was no invitation, but the thing about Tori and her family was that I knew I was welcome, and with Mom gone and Dad keeping his distance, I appreciated the knowledge that Tori's house was a place where I was always welcome.

While this year wasn't inherently different since I was still definitely welcome, the way my status quo had changed with not just Regan Hills High School, but the McNeil family in particular, made things tricky. The closer I got to Thanksgiving, the more I worried.

What if I did something wrong?

What if I said something wrong?

What if...?

What if.

Playing the "what if" game is a dangerous one even when you've got enough experience to know what to fear, and when you don't it's as direct a path to madness as any.

Thankfully, one of the best ways I've found to avoid playing that game for a while is to find someone even better at commanding your attention and spending as much time with them as humanly possible. Was this why I spent the night before Thanksgiving with Josie Wong? Well, not really, because I didn't need any excuses to want to spend time with Josie Wong, but damn it if she wasn't also an amazing distraction.

"GOD, FUCK ME, RYAN!" she roared as she rode my cock with a ferocity that even now managed to surprise me more often than not. If you were to catch her in passing, you'd think she was nothing more than your typical goth princess, with her pale skin, dark accentuating makeup, numerous tattoos and dour-looking attitude. God knows I never thought about Josie Wong much before this year other than her being one of my classmates, but with the year I had, I was opening up to all sorts of new experiences.

I grabbed Josie by the hips, pulling her in by her thick, jiggling ass and helping her slam her pussy down onto my ten-inch long, thick cock. I don't think there was a single thing about this image that I wouldn't have called perfection.

The way her D-cup tits with the dark brown, thick nipples bounced, the piercing in her left nipple reflecting the dim light of her bedroom.

The way my cock spread open her tight little pussy, and the way her pussy always managed to clamp down so tightly on me (though never as tight as her ass).

The way her face was screwed up in absolute ecstasy, unmindful of the smeared, runny makeup of her normally well-cultivated image and focused solely on her pleasure.

The way she shook and shuddered, her moans warbling ever higher as she prepared for another orgasm. It hadn't been long since I'd had one of my own, filling her ass with my cum, but Josie never ceased to find ways of coaxing even more out of me.

She was, in my eyes, perfection.

I wrapped my arms around her, meaning to roll her over so I could fuck her hard from on top, but she spread her legs just enough to give her stability and prevent me from taking control.

"Nuh uh, no way, I'm fucking you now and I'm not finished yet," she said, smiling down at me cutely before pressing a quick kiss on my lips.

"You can finish, fuck, with me on top," I grunted.

"Oh I know, mmm, keep squeezing my ass, it's just, I want this one, right here; you wanna do some of the work, you know there's a lot of me that could use a good squeeze," Josie said, staring down into me as she fucked me harder.

She was as right about that as she was good at transforming me into a beast who wanted to give her the fucking of her life. Those tits that have dominated my passing thoughts, that ass that's conquered my dreams, her face as pretty as it was naughty with those nice, plump lips that I honestly didn't know if I loved kissing them or having them wrapped around my cock more. Yes, there were a lot of options when it came to pleasing Josie Wong, but I wanted to make her cum right now (mostly because I meant to make her cum a lot tonight) so I went right to the source.

While I pulled her down to me so I could suck on her pierced nipple, I reached down and began rubbing her soaked, throbbing clit directly.

"Oh shit!" she moaned. "Not fair, not fucking fair!"

"You didn't say the clit was off limits!" I grunted back as I fucked her.

"I'd never say such a silly thing, but, fuck, fuck, FUCK, I hoped you'd forget!" she squealed.

"I'd never forget that clit," I said, smiling.

"Awww, thank you," Josie teased, pushing me down so she could make out with me. I was pretty sure she also did it in the hopes that I'd let up on her clit, dropping me into one of those "walking and chewing gum" situations where I'd have to choose one option over the other, but she clearly hadn't taken into account how good I'd gotten at multitasking. So, while she fucked me and I fucked her, I didn't lose pace with my fingers on her clit, running them in circles and squeezing lightly.

"So fucking not fair, fuck, fuck, so good, fuck, god, fuck, FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCK!!!" Josie cried, her body hit hard with an orgasm that tightened her already exquisitely tight pussy around my cock. The flood of juices that hit me was just a delightful bonus at this point.

Her body now rubber in my hands, I grabbed Josie and rolled on top of her, not breaking my stride with how hard I fucked her.

"You... cheated..." she whimpered, still sensitive from her orgasm.

"It's not my fault we've done this long enough that I've learned your cheat codes," I grunted, feeling my own cum closing in.

"Fucking nerd," Josie said, grabbing my ass to pull me in deep and squeezing my cock with her pussy. It was enough to set me off for our second time of the night.

"FUCK!" I cried, filling her pussy with shot after shot of cum. It wasn't the most extreme or intense orgasm I'd ever had in my life, but since it was with Josie, that didn't matter. I loved every moment with her even when we weren't naked, and every moment spent in bed (or wherever the mood struck her) with her was only a step or two away from heaven. When it was always this good, those occasions where we didn't top our previous high score really didn't matter that much.

As my orgasm abated, I pulled out of her, lying down next to her as we both sought to catch our breath.

"I don't think I'll ever get tired of that," I said, reaching over and stroking her unpierced nipple.

Josie cooed, laughing slightly. "I don't think I ever want to get tired of that."

"Yeah," I agreed with her superior wording.

Josie ran her fingertips lightly over my chest. "So, I've been thinking..."

"This is always a good start to a conversation," I said. Josie poked me in the ribs.

"Okay, I deserved that," I said.

"Yeah, you did," she replied.

"Thinking about?" I proposed.

"A lot of things."

"Any in particular?"

Josie sighed. "First, trying to figure out which of us is gonna have the stranger Thanksgiving. You going to Tori's house to meet her new, formerly secret girlfriend, after having had sex with her mom and made out with her sister, or me dealing with the traditional Wong family Chinese Thanksgiving, where there's not a turkey to be seen, five out of my six aunts call me a fatass and ask when I'm going to wash off all this damn makeup so I can get married, and hearing my cousins argue over how normal it is or isn't for distant cousins to be kidnapped and held for ransom by other distant cousins."

I stared at the ceiling, pondering her dilemma and realized that I didn't have anything remotely near a good answer for her question. There's every possibility I shouldn't have told her everything about my time with the McNeil women, but I needed someone to confide in who I knew wouldn't spill it to the world, and since I couldn't tell Tori, and there was every possibility that Josie was my next best friend in the world, I told her. I told her every little detail and I hoped to hell she wouldn't think me a liar or insane and wouldn't judge me for what I'd done. Thank god she liked me as much as she did and was a kinky little nympho, because she didn't judge me, and she wouldn't rat me out, but just because I could talk to her about it didn't make it easier to consider.

I distracted myself by thinking on her conundrum. While her family no doubt sounded insane, there was no denying that I'd fucked Tori, and her mom, Lauren, and had made out in Rachel's car last week after she helped me find out that Sarah was the mystery girl who'd seduced me on Halloween. It would be awkward enough as is, going to Thanksgiving with the intent of meeting Tori's new girlfriend if I'd only ever fucked her, but that I'd fucked her mom, and...

"Tough call, but I'm still gonna have to say I've got this one won," I said, with no idea how right I'd actually be.

"Probably. Are Tori and Rachel getting along, at least?" Josie asked.

"A little better. Cordial, I think, but Tori still talks shit about her all the time. Rachel's really been making an effort, though, but I think with those two only so much can be done," I said.

"Hmmm..." Josie said, her fingers now tracing down to her sopping cunt, still leaking with our mutual cum.

"Hmmm...?" I returned.

"Does Tori know that you spent the last month hanging out with her sister?" Josie said.

"No. God no," I say. "She'd kill both of us."

"And you don't see that as a potential problem?" Josie asked.

"Yes. Yes it is a potential problem. So is me having fucked her mom, because you don't do that to your best friend, let alone a best friend you've been having sex with. So is me knowing that her dad's cheating on her mom. So is meeting her new girlfriend. These are all potential problems and part and parcel of the minefield that is Thanksgiving," I said.

Counting off her fingers dramatically, Josie said, "You forgot one."

"No I didn't," I said, even though I was increasingly sure I knew exactly what she meant.

"So, you don't consider that you wanna fuck Rachel a potential mine, too? I thought you were smarter than that," Josie said.

I started to say something, then I didn't. She was right, of course, even if I wasn't sure I wanted her to be.

If you'd told me in October that I'd have had the hots for Rachel McNeil, I'd have told you you were out of your fucking mind. Tori's older sister had been our cruel enemy for as long as I'd remembered as we grew up, torturing her sister and giving Tori some serious complexes that I don't think she's ever really entirely worked out. She was a wild child who was in trouble more often than she wasn't in her teen years and got arrested for about as many petty crimes as exist. The only reason she'd made it back to Regan Hills wasn't for Thanksgiving, but because of some scandal at her college she wouldn't give me all the details on.

I should've had every reason to hate her, especially after she caught me having sex with Lauren, and yet... she'd changed. I know it sounds crazy and clichéd, but she'd become a much better person during her time away at college. She was laid back, funny in her own dark way, and possibly one of the loneliest people I'd ever met. When we first started hanging out this month, she claimed it was because she wanted to help me get my life back on track after I'd nearly fucked things up with both Tori and Josie, and because she was curious and wanted me to find out who my Halloween mystery girl was. I think some of it might've been for me, but more was no doubt because she didn't want to be alone while she was waiting for whatever came up next in her life and I was as good an option as any.

That we'd come to enjoy our time together was a surprise. That I'd started looking at her as a friend was an even bigger surprise. That I'd find her attractive, that we'd make out on the front seat of her car in a moment of victory, that I'd know what her breast felt like, that she'd know what my cock felt like...

"Yeah. Yeah, that might be a problem too," I admitted.

"So are you gonna?" Josie asked, rolling over onto her stomach so she could look better into my eyes.

"No," I said, though I wasn't fully convinced.

"Why not?" Josie asked. "There's clearly an attraction. You seem to like her, she seems to like you, you both sound like you need this out of your systems; I don't see a problem there."

"Except Tori," I add.

"So?"

"So, Rachel's her sister."

Josie just looked at me blankly. "Is this one of those stupid 'guy rule' things?"

"No, it's an 'I don't want to fuck up my oldest friendship' thing," I say.

"I'm not saying it wouldn't be complicated, but, look, Tori's made it clear that she doesn't want to be with you, and she's got no claim on who you do and don't have sex with. If you want to fuck Rachel, then fuck Rachel. You're both consenting adults. If you're worried about Tori, then, well, just be quiet about it," Josie said.

"Keeping secrets hasn't exactly worked for me lately," I said.

Josie shrugged. "It's an idea."

"Probably not a very good one," I said, not that it wasn't enticing.

Josie considered me. "There's still always Chinese Thanksgiving... watch my family fight in a language you can't understand, eat food you can't recognize, watch them flip their shit when I introduce you as my boyfriend, as if I didn't baffle the shit out of them enough already."

My life had had a lot of moments lately that would warrant a record scratch if they were to suddenly appear in a movie trailer, and this was one of them.

"Boyfriend?" I asked.

"Yeah. If you wanted, I mean," Josie said, trying to sound noncommittal. "I mean, I wouldn't want anything exclusive or anything, there's far too many people worth having fun with at Regan Hills High and beyond, but, you know, we could try the whole boyfriend-girlfriend title on for size, see how it fits us, how much we can kick its ass."

"What would that change from what we're doing now?" I asked, not that I was complaining about more opportunities to spend time with Josie.

"Not much. But we could do stupid shit like hold hands, be seen in public together with our clothes on and call them dates, say things like-"

"I love you?" I proposed, half suggesting, half meaning every word of it.

Josie's voice hitched in her chest for a second when I said that. When words found her again, she said, "Yeah. We could say things like 'I love you'."

