 Usual Disclaimer Time: Even though this story almost entirely takes place in a high school setting, all the characters in this story are 18 years old or older, and since we're living in the wide wonderful world of porno-land here, where clichés roam free and things might get a little unrealistic from time to time, please remember it's all in good fun, I swear.

Author's Note: At the end of my last chapter I gave you, the readers, a chance to determine how this next chapter was going to go, with the opportunity to vote on a girl to appear in the first Halloween chapter. The votes came in fast and furious, and between the comments section and the e-mails I got, it came down to a close race between four contenders. Who will win and get an encounter with Ryan's cock on Halloween? I guess you'll have to read on. Thank you everyone for voting and proving this idea wasn't entirely crazy, I shall do similar experiments in the future I imagine! As always, if you're enjoying this, please, please, please drop some stars, reviews or shoot me some feedback. Though I may not always respond, I do love hearing from all of you and seeing that you're enjoying the series. It keeps me going and motivates me to continue writing more. You've all been wonderful and I can't thank you enough for all of your kind words and encouragement!

***

Previously, on Senior Year Memories: Preparations for Regan Hills High School's annual Halloween Scream carnival have sent nerdy 18-year-old Ryan Collins to call on a number of unlikely allies for assistance in putting together a haunted house. With Halloween fast approaching, Ryan patched up his semi-estranged friendship with his best friend Tori McNeil after having sex previously made things awkward between them, just in time for another crisis to pop up when religious girl Sophie Cusack threatened a protest of the Halloween Scream that might've threatened the fundraiser's earnings. With the assistance of friend and goth slut Josie Wong, Ryan met with Sophie at her church's Hell House in an attempt to convince her to cancel the protest. Through a number of pornographic contrivances, Ryan, Sophie and Josie wound up having a sweaty threesome that convinced Sophie to cancel the protest instead. Everyone walks away happy!

*****

"Oh, for fuck's sake, Ryan! How many times? How many times have I told you not to fuck with my settings?" Tori exclaimed, waking me up with a well-flung pillow to the face. I laughed as she turned off her phone's alarm which I'd switched to the Halloween theme for the occasion.

"I thought it'd be festive," I responded, flinging the pillow back at her.

"Yeah, well I don't like waking up to thinking Michael fucking Myers is about to bust down my door!" Tori said, pushing a bunch of curly red hair behind her ear. She was mad, but she wasn't really mad.

How could she be on Halloween?

"I'm not sorry," I said, admiring how damn good she looked even in the morning. Sure, half of the wrinkles in her pillow were still embedded in her face and the oversized shirt and sweatpants were hardly flattering to her amazing figure, but the way that smirking smile crept through her anger, I was sure she was one of the prettiest girls on the planet.

"Good answer," she said, quickly kissing me on the lips.

"I thought so," I replied, kissing her back a little more softly, a little more lingeringly, letting the tips of our tongues play with each other. It was a nice kiss, until she smacked me in the side of the head with another pillow.

"I'm gonna potty, and after that we're gonna both brush our teeth so if we got any time to make out before breakfast it won't taste like a dumpster," she said, getting out of the bed and making her away across her basement bedroom toward the bathroom door.

"Sounds great," I replied.

"Good. And Ryan?" she said.

"Yeah?"

"Happy fucking Halloween," she said with a smirk, sneaking into the bathroom and closing the door behind her.

Lying back down on Tori's bed, staring at the ceiling, I still had to let it sink in that Halloween had finally come. This was normally one of the days of the year I looked forward to most, just because Halloween had always been fun, but this one was special, wasn't it? This was my final Halloween at Regan Hills High, and one where I was finally making something of myself. I had more friends, was having more than regular sex, and was helping run a haunted house at the school's Halloween Scream carnival.

When Puma Press editor Nadia Barclay first sprung the task on me and Josie, it felt insurmountable, but after a month of work with some great people, it finally looked like it might come together. Rose's sets were impeccable, Mallory had some great costumes and makeup designs, we had a great crew of dedicated people ready to work it Halloween night, and we'd even averted a last minute protest of the entire event that could've fucked the entire school over.

All in all, it'd been a busy month, but a damn rewarding one.

Now that we'd reached the actual day, there was some undeniable stage fright, but there was also excitement too, the culmination of a month of hard work that we could all finally relax after.

The night before had been pretty brutal, getting everything ready for the Halloween Scream, but once we were about as done as we were gonna get the lot of us crammed into the Puma Press offices and took a couple hours to watch Scream on the room's digital projector, eat pizza, and relax. It was Josie's idea, and though Nadia fretted over the lost work hours, everyone was happy for the distraction. It meant a couple less hours of work, and that we'd probably be putting on finishing touches right up until the Halloween Scream opened, but it was the recharge before the big day we needed.

I was so tired at the end of the night that I took up Tori's offer for a sleepover not so much because I wanted to fuck her, but because her house was closer to school. Crashing at her place was nothing new, but sharing a bed with her, curled up next to her as something between best friends and lovers, that was new, and it wasn't bad, not at all.

I heard the toilet flush and the water of the shower start up. Toothbrush in mouth, Tori swung the door open.

"Come on," she said, waving me over. I joined her in the bathroom, sharing the limited sink and mirror space with her as I used my spare toothbrush to scrub the morning away.

"So, gotta ask," she said through her brushing.

"What?"

"Something goin' on with you and Josie?" Tori asked.

"No. I dunno. Maybe. Probably," I answered. "That a problem?"

She shook her head, which at this range sent the wild tangle of her curly red hair almost into my face. "Nah. I think you two are cute, is all. Sure as shit better for you than Kaitlyn."

Seeing the opportunity to echo an earlier joke we'd made, I said, "Oh, come on, she's not that bad."

Spitting her toothpaste into the sink, Tori said, "You know what they say about people when someone says they're not that bad?"

"That they're actually that bad?" I returned, before both of us burst out laughing.

I spat out my toothpaste and rinsed in time to see Tori stripping off her pajamas, revealing her luscious, naked body to me. D-cup tits with wide, pink areolas, a pretty little pussy with a well-groomed strip of red hair above it, pale, freckled skin, and a nice, round ass, Tori McNeil was, and always would be, a sight to behold.

"So, you wanna join me or what? Save some water?" she said, stepping into the shower.

"Well, uh, you know how much I care about saving Mother Nature," I said, stripping out of my sleep clothes. This was no mean feat, mind you, considering how much my underwear got caught on my ten inch erection. After some finagling, though, I was naked and joined her under the hot water. She always liked it a shade too hot for my tastes, but the way she looked under the showerhead more than made up for it.

"My, my, my, is that all for me?" she cooed, playfully running her fingers up the underside of my cock, making me shiver even in the heat.

"Yeah, that's your fault," I said.

"Glad to see I've still got it," she said, rubbing shampoo into her hair.

"You never lost it," I replied.

I swear, at first we actually were trying to shower. We soaped and scrubbed and helped each other soap and scrub, waking up under the hot water, but, well, this turned into one of those one-thing-led-to-another situations in a hurry, and soon we were making out under the hot water. We kissed passionately, our hands roaming over each other as we first made out, then ground my cock against her pussy lips. She looked up into my eyes, nodding, urging me on as I pressed inside of her.

"Oh, fuck yeah, gimme that cock!" she exclaimed as I fucked her against the wall.

"Fuck," I grunted, fighting for footing as I pounded into her, her slippery, wonderful breasts crushed against my chest. It was hot, she was hot, but that didn't stop our feet from threatening to slide out from underneath us.

"Fucking shower sex," Tori complained.

"It's never as hot as you'd think, is it? Kinda awkward?" I replied, still fucking into her.

"It is if you know how to do it. Here, pull out of me."

"Okay."

I did as she said, and she turned around, spreading her legs and bracing her arms against the wall. I lined myself up behind her, running my hands over her magnificent ass, squeezing it, loving how she cooed in response to my handling. Still bracing herself, she looked over her shoulder and reached between her legs for my cock. At first she rubbed it up against her pussy lips, but then she arched her back, spreading her ass cheeks slightly enough to give me a great look at her puckered asshole and pressing the head of my cock against it.

"Are you sure?" I asked. We'd joked about anal some in the past, especially after Homecoming when I'd savagely fucked both Kaitlyn and Brooke's asses in front of her, but we'd never actually played around with doing it.

"What, are you saying you don't wanna fuck my ass?" Tori replied, flexing her ass cheeks against my cock.

"No," I said, pressing the head against her hole, not pushing in, but letting her know I was there. "Since fucking you's been on the table, I've wanted to fuck that ass like you wouldn't believe, I just thought, you know, there'd be more of a moment to it."

"Well, if you want me to throw you a party, get some hats and streamers and whatnot, I can always- MOTHERFUCKER!" Tori roared as I pressed the head of my cock into her tight, so tight, so hot asshole. It seemed as good a way to cut her taunt off as any, and it definitely got the job done.

"I don't need a party. I was just saying I was surprised," I said, trying to use a joke to cover the unbelievable sense of awe I felt at fucking Tori's delicious ass.

"So was I, now that I think about it. Fuck, I've taken some cock in that ass, but that's gotta be the biggest," Tori admitted, slowly pressing back against me.

"Should we stop?" I asked, serious.

"No, just, give me some time to adjust," she said, biting her lip and forcing back against me. An inch at a time, my cock slid into her ass, and though she grunted and squealed, she gritted her teeth and urged me on. She let out sounds of pleasure mixed with pain, an exquisite sound that would've worried me long ago, but now I knew to be normal under certain circumstances (like having a giant cock up your ass). I let her adjust, let her set the pace until I was balls deep in her ass.

"Now... that's more like it," Tori said. I leaned over her, kissing the back of her neck and squeezing her tits, marveling at the tightness of her ass.

"Fuck, you're tight," I whispered.

"Thank you," Tori said, squeezing me. "Now, we don't have a lot of time, so..."

"Fucking your ass, got it," I said, starting to slide in and out of her. It was a slow, deliberate pace at first, still letting her adjust while I fucked her, but at her urging, I sped up. The heat in the shower hardly mattered, only the tightness of her ass, the wet slapping of our bodies against each other, her moans which were no longer moans but savage screams urging me onward.

"Fuck my ass, fuck, fuck, FUCK!" she cried out, rapidly fingering herself while I fucked her harder and harder. Carefully, I bent over, grabbing her breasts, squeezing her nipples, tweaking them ever so slightly to make her scream while I pounded her harder and harder.

"Your ass, fucking amazing," I grunted.

"We gotta, fuck, we gotta do this more," she agreed.

"Not gonna, fuck, god, hear any complaints from me," I replied, bending over and kissing her. She kissed me back, not a friendly, sweet kiss but the kiss of a ravenous beast.

"GOD, FUCK ME!" she screamed, pressing back harder against my cock.

I thrust into her, blind from my need to fuck her harder, suddenly getting dizzy, from the buildup, from the heat, I needed this to end but I needed to fuck her ass even more.

"FUCK, FUCK, FUCKING FUCK I'M CUMMING, I'M CUMMING, I'M CUUUUUUUUUUMMMMMING!" she screamed, her body tensing, then bucking against me, her legs nearly giving out. I held her up, barely, but I wasn't able to do much more than that as I grunted with my own orgasm. Opening up the floodgates as I filled her ass with my cum felt amazing, but with the heat and exertion it took everything I had not to black out.

Both of us panting, I leaned up against her, kissing the back of her neck.

"Thanks," she said huskily.

"No problem," I replied.

"No, seriously, that was amazing," she said.

"No problem," I repeated. "I think, I need to get out of here, or I'll die."

Tori laughed, squeezing my softening cock with her ass.

"Wimp," she taunted.

I spanked her ass, hard, making her yelp. "Who's the wimp now?"

She pulled my cock from her ass, turned around and stuck out her tongue at me. Inspired, I leaned in and sucked on that tongue. For this, Tori didn't seem to mind one bit.

I spent an extra minute or so washing off my cock before getting out of the shower, wrapping a towel around my waists and wandering into the comparative coolness of her basement bedroom. She'd broil herself for a good while longer, which I figured gave me enough time to cool down and check in with the world.

I sauntered across Tori's bedroom, sat down on her bed, unplugged my phone from its charger and turned it on. After waiting for it to load and unlocking it, I can't say I was surprised that I had messages, but the volume of them took me by surprise, mostly because I had no reason to expect close to thirty texts from Nadia Barclay waiting for me.

Eyes wide, I opened them up and read.

It wasn't as bad as I'd feared at first, but with the Halloween Scream tonight, she was nitpicking and wringing her wrists over little issues we'd already worked out. It was stressful, but I told myself it was a stress I could deal with.

The stress that was coming down the stairs, though, was another issue entirely.

Footsteps.

"Fuck!" I exclaimed as I heard the steps descend the stairs. The basement gets stuffy easily, and since we weren't doing anything last night we left the door into the house open a crack. The problem was that Tori's parents were fairly notorious for only stopping to knock if the door was locked. I liked her folks quite a bit, but as far as I knew they had no idea of the turns our friendship had taken. I kinda wanted to keep it that way for as long as possible, but like many things in life it was easier said than done.

Fearfully, I bolted to my feet, my feet catching and tangling in the towel wrapped around my waist. It pulled, awkwardly, falling to the floor and entangling my feet further the faster I tried to move, tripping me up and dropping me naked, flat on my back, just in time for Tori's mom to walk through the door.

"Tori? Is everything al- oh."

Quickly, I covered as much of my cock as I could with my hands, a task made all the more difficult by the fact that Tori's mom was, as ever, smoking hot and my cock was nearly impossible to tame much of the time. Tall and fit, she matched me at my height of 5'11" when wearing flats, but since she usually wore heels she'd always towered over me as an Amazon to my deeply nerdy mind. You could see where Tori got her features from, since Mrs. McNeil shared her pale skin and red hair, but unlike Tori, her mid-back length hair was straight and she'd spent more of her life out of the sun, giving her a freckle-free, porcelain complexion. Though in her early 40's, her pretty face was youthful and playful, always holding a secret smile that told you she was full of secrets.

Coloration wasn't the only thing Tori got from her, as Mrs. McNeil also had amazing boobs and a curvy ass to kill for. For all the yoga and running she did, she was fit, and she liked to show off all her assets in her professional yet form-fitting business suits. Today she was particularly festive, with a black jacket, short black skirt, and a pale orange blouse, none of which hid her insane curves in the slightest.

Confused and naked and lacking anything witty, I said, "Good morning, Mrs. McNeil."

To her credit, she looked away from me when she continued talking. "So, you two have finally sorted your shit out and got together? Good for you. And how many times have I asked you to call me Lauren?"

"Sorry Mrs.- Lauren," I corrected, awkward and not entirely sure how I was supposed to handle being naked near the mom of my best friend, a woman I'd known as one of the adults my whole life and was on the shortlist of women I'd learned to masturbate to back in my awkward puberty days. While I wasn't sure, my cock sure as hell was as it tried to break free from my hands.

"I'd really like to get dressed if that's alright, Lauren?" I said.

"Please do," she said, mercifully continuing to look away, but not leaving the doorway either.

"Thanks," I said, disentangling myself from the towel and quickly pulling on underpants, jeans and my T-shirt. Tori's shower was still on, so I didn't think she'd heard this interruption.

"Is everything alright?" I asked, finally dressed enough that I wasn't afraid of being seen. Sensing this, Lauren looked at me again, though was I crazy or was she looking me up and down?

No, I had to be crazy.

"That's just what I was coming down here to see. I heard screaming and wanted to make sure Tori wasn't hurt or anything, but, I imagine your condition explains what I was hearing," Lauren said, smirking. I didn't entirely buy this excuse, as Tori's active sex life meant hearing her scream wasn't anything new to Lauren, but since I was more afraid than eager to argue, I didn't put much thought into it.

"I'm sorry-"

"For what? You're young and having a good time, there's nothing wrong with that."

"Thank you, but-"

"It's just that, you should know that come next week, we're going to be hosting Rachel in the guest room while she takes a sabbatical from college, and as you know that room is right above this one, so you might want to err on the side of discretion for future encounters while she's staying with us?" Lauren suggested.

I scowled. Rachel was Tori's 21-year-old sister. I hadn't seen her in a long time, but she used to love giving Tori and me a hard time. I wasn't looking forward to having her around, mostly because I knew Tori would want her around even less, even if she did occasionally sneak Tori bottles of booze.

"Thanks for the warning," I said.

"Anytime," Lauren replied. "And, so you know, breakfast is in ten minutes. Don's making French toast."

Tori's dad, Don, was a chef for a fancy restaurant the next town over, and though he was an odd, quiet guy, he was a damn good cook. "Sweet, I'll tell Tori when she gets out of the shower."

"Excellent," Lauren said, turning from the door. She only got two steps away before she turned back. "And Ryan?"
