 When the door opened, she held her poise and stance well, pausing, so that his first view was her silhouette, shapely, sexy and erotically teasing. There she stood, in front of him, nervous and slightly unsure of what to expect, but eager to please and play his little role playing game. 

His role playing for today, was simple, it was their first time to try it, he was going to be the boss and she the submissive. He wanted to have sex somewhere other than the usual places to try something different and try a small bit of what some might call kinky sex. In truth it was to be a small bit of harmless tying up with a little blindfolding being added to make things a little more daring. 

He had requested, that she wear a very short skirt, lace thigh-highs, a sexy bra and panties and a blouse. The high heels she'd worn, were all her, her thinking, her taste, her little addition. As were the colors of anything she had worn, what wasn't up for discussion, was his demand for deep red lipstick, red nail polish and her hair, must be worn down. When he saw this, he gave her that knowing smirk, his wishes so far had been obeyed, even though he couldn't appreciate the whole look, as she had opted to wear a long coat, as the weather wasn't the warmest.

His mind flashed back to their many sexual discussions, on what each one liked, what turned them on and what they would or wouldn't try. But this was the first of the things discussed or any role playing had been tried. Many times they had discussed trying this and that, but it never seem to happen for one reason or another, but this time they had planned it well. In these discussions he had continually reminded her that each part of the task she accomplished, would be well rewarded, again whilst saying this, he always produced his cocky, all knowing smile.

As she entered, she felt there was still a nip in the air or it could have been her nerves playing havoc with her body, she wasn't sure. Shaking her head, to bring her back to the now, she acknowledged in her mind, that she had agreed to do this, which was something she had never done before. What was she thinking, she asked herself, though in truth she found it all very exciting and was looking forward to the way things turned out, as she had the next role playing theme in her mind, which she told herself would be her choice.

As he looked at her, anticipation soared through his veins, this was something he had wanted to try as an experiment, as a sexual fantasy for as long as he could remember. So much so, his thoughts were repeating themselves, his senses were heightened and this was producing even more enjoyment. 

In his mind, he knew she had agreed to do as he ordered to play out her part properly, she was to ask no questions, he only wanted her to respond accurately, honestly to each and everything as she felt was appropriate. He for his part had a belief, that this was basically going to give her extreme pleasure, but would also educate himself in the wonder of his own senses and how to use them. Another bonus was that both of their heightened senses would then help them understand their own bodies, senses and help when the roles were reversed. 

Closing the door behind her, she let her coat slowly slip off her shoulders to the floor, before casually and seductively bending over, making sure she had his line of sight, as she saucily showed him a little peek of up skirt action, just to tease, before picking up her coat and hanging it on the back of the door. While her back was to him, she didn't even noticed, that he had moved so when she went to turn he was right behind her. He gently pushed her against her coat keeping her in place on the now closed door. Whispering next to her ear, "Your stunning." Running his hand softly down her cheek, rubbing his thumb over her slightly trembling lips. Whispering again, "Relax, trust me." He then took a soft, satin scarf, from his pocket and tied it around her eyes blindfolding her. 

The reason he did this was quite simply it was part of the whole experience and it would heightened everything, as now she had to listen more intently to hear his words, guess where he was, what he was going to do next. It was all very exciting, for him as the one in control and for her, though nervous, she was turned on by the whole idea it made her feel special, desired, nervous and aroused all at once.

Carefully, he turned her brushing his lips softly over hers just enough to make her gasp in surprise and then led her carefully to a chair he had set in the center of the room, this small but insignificant movement, meant she had to trust him from the outset. He guided her, so she was sitting on the chair, gently he let the back of his fingers feather her cheeks, then his hands caressed across her shoulders, up to her neck. Gently he gave her shoulders a rub and encouraged her to relax, to settle into the mood. Using more slow intense rubbing and caressing of her shoulders and neck, he wanted her to be totally relaxed and she would need to be, in order to allow her senses to be fully empowered. 

He knew it would take a short while for her to settle, so as he walked away, he let his touch lessen, until his hands dropped away and he was no longer touching her. She soon realized, why as she heard soft music in the background. As the music played, he moved silently over to the lights and dimmed them, allowing just the flicker of a few well placed candles, to help the mood and lighting. 

Now the mood was set, he moved back to her, it was time for him to concentrate on her senses. Slowly, using only his hands he touched her softly on the cheeks, she gave a small jump, as she hadn't expected him to be so close, but she knew his hands and knew he wasn't ever going to hurt her, so soon relaxed. With one hand either side of her neck he slowly moved around her body so his hands were always in contact, always touching, until he was behind her. Then he put his hands on her shoulders and rested them there, she as a reaction, took a deep breath and exhaled.

She felt his warm breath on the top of her head as he softly kissed there, then he slowly traced down the length of her arms, using only his hands. As he got to her wrists, his soft action became quite forcible as he pulled them together and using another soft scarf, he tied them behind her. She let a little moan at this action, not from pain, more of sexual delight and tension. He moved around to face her, touching her cheeks and neck as he did, softly, teasingly kissing her lips, god the lipstick was such a turn on for him. 

When he kissed any part of her body, she felt herself tremble slightly, she wasn't sure if it was sheer fear, nerves or excitement, but no matter the reason, she had no need as of yet to scream the word. That in itself was a comforting thought, the fact they had agreed he would stop everything instantly, should things become to intense for her, she knew he would to such was the trust they shared.

The next touch she felt was his hands cupping her breasts, causing a small moan to escape. When he didn't squeeze them, she took in a deep breath, raising her chest and thrusting them out more. She heard a slight laugh, realizing he had felt her movement and was in no hurry to sped up his actions. His lips gently kissed her forehead, then between her eyebrows down the ridge of her nose to the tip and finally another soft gentle kiss to her lips. She started to open her mouth expecting more, but he stopped and pulled away. Then he removed his hands from her breasts and stood silently, his next action took her by surprise again, making her jump. 

She felt his hands back on her, not the way she had before, not as gentle, but she didn't have time to realize why, which way, how or for what, all she knew or heard and recognized was the sound of ripping and popping buttons. Her blouse was being torn open, which had left her sexy, red bra, with black lace trimming exposed and by the sound he made, she was sure his jaw had hit the floor. 

Her pulse, her heart beat thumped inside her chest, as if a jack hammer was trying to break concrete. It raced with excitement, she truly was enjoying the role playing. As a result her chest rose up and down faster and faster, she again bit her tongue, demanding of herself not to scream the word, due to the fear, the ripping sound had caused her. 

This fear had momentarily gripped her, even more so, when she felt the next touch, it took a while for her to realize what it was. The cold, she felt, was given away, with the sound that accompanied it. The sound she heard and recognized, was the blades of scissors, cutting through her blouse, cutting it into shreds, until it fell to the floor. She knew it was completely cut from her body as she couldn't even feel the cuffs around her wrists. Her breathing was getting faster again, no matter how hard she tried to keep it in a slow rhythm.

Next, she felt his soft touch again, but not his hands or fingers, no this touch was softer, he was gently kissing her exposed flesh. His lips warm and comforting. Goosebumps, covered her body, not due to her being cold, but due to the sheer excitement that was now coursing through her body. A little bite heightened the feeling on her shoulder, then another alternating between kisses and nibbles. Every so often he would exhale a soft, warm breath onto her skin. Then after a kiss, followed by a bite and a little lick to entice what was coming. 

His hands slid around her back and she felt the scarf, that had been tying her wrists, loosen and fall to the floor. Then his strong hands, majestically took hold of her bra clasp, releasing it so that her bra slowly slipped down her body to its final resting place on the floor with the remains of what was her blouse. At this point she wasn't quite sure what to do with her free arms, but that was soon answered, as the scarf was again used to tie her wrists, this time though instead of together, they were tied to individual legs of the chair.

Time seemed to move slowly, she had no idea how long they had been there, but she didn't care, the excitement was worth it and she was sure that she had only experienced a small bit of what he had in his mind. 

Reality cut back in as she felt the cold steel once again, this time her mind was running into overdrive, as she knew her bra had been removed, her blouse would never be worn again. She wondered, what would he cut now? That question was soon answered, as she felt the blades, on her upper thigh snipping their way through the short skirt. 

She now knew that the matching red colored, sexy lace panties and lace thigh-highs, had been revealed and as a result, a sound of delight from him. This made her smile as she knew that the sound he had made was a sound of his approval, his delight and her efforts had not been in vain or gone to waste. Surely a jaw dropping moment she thought, fighting the urge to try to see if she could peek over the blindfold. 

She heard movement and then felt his hot breath, behind her ear, she felt his lips enclose around her ear lobe and gently suck it as he pulled away and it slipped from his lips grasp. Whispering to her, "Your mine." Again he sucked it, adding a nibble, blowing his warm breath into her ear, then onto her neck. He then placed kisses around her neck, moving her hair, to give a clear view of her tribal tattoo, at the back of her neck. Kissing, licking and nipping his way down her back making sure to hit every vertebrae. 

She shivered in delight, as he used his fingers to trace the same line and then with swirling motions, as if he was writing something, his fingers walked there way around to her breast. This time his hands didn't cup her breasts, this time he used his thumb and forefinger to pinch her nipples. A small feeling of delight went through him as he pinched hard enough to cause her body to sit up. She let out a little whimper of pain, gently he eased the nipples out further, pulling on them. Teasing and taunting them. 

Suddenly releasing her breasts, the room was quiet, only the music filling the air and her fast breathing. Her head flicked back and forth wondering where he was, had he left, why wasn't he touching her, had she done something wrong, had she not reacted the way he wanted. Dam she yearned for his touch, even if it caused her pain.

All this of course was irrelevant and only stupid thoughts, she should have known better, without warning she felt a warm sensation on her breasts. What was it, had he cum over her, it didn't hurt and didn't burn, but it was warm and made her chest heave and she fought to try to gather her senses and recognize it. Then there was more warm sensations, a little warmer, this time over her nipples, now she realized he was tipping melted wax on her, from the candles he had burning around the room. She quivered and was pleased that he hadn't opted to use hot wax, the warm feeling had made her mind conjure up all sorts of ideas. 

Breathing fast and heavy she waited for what was next to come but it was to feel that of his kiss. First the top lip, then the bottom one, then he opened his mouth and his kissed turned more passionate. Now the passion burned as their open mouths kissed and there tongues met, entwining and teasingly playing. He slowly pulled back and then she felt him slowly pulling the dried wax from her breasts and nipples, leaving her skin tingling and pulsing in its wake. 

He moved away again, she was trembling now, as she could feel or sense him getting close, she half tried to curl or crouch her body slightly in case it was hotter wax, though she knew this role playing was about trust and to cause her pain would break that trust. 

However there was no pain or hot wax, this time, she felt extreme cold, oh so cold, she knew that feeling, it was ice. The ice melted quickly as he rubbed it on her body, first her neck, then her lips, then playful writing words on her breasts, making swirling shapes as he worked his way towards her super hard and erect nipples. She enjoyed this and her body reacted with a full display of goosebumps. Playfully he pulled out her lace panties and slipped in some ice, the shock of the ice, made her gasp for a sharp intake of breath as her desire soured. The warmth of her pussy, had the ice melting in no time as her panties became almost a second skin from the wetness of the ice and her own juices that were flowing like a river from the desire he had already stirred and fun had yet to truly begin.

The room again went quiet and then she felt a stabbing pain, he was using his teeth, squeezing onto her nipple, the force in which the contact had been made, nearly knocked her from the chair. Like a wild animal, his passion was unleashed, he squeezed, kissed, caressed and fondled her breasts as if it was the first time he'd ever experienced such wonders. His hands cupping each one, fondling, exploring and toying, his breath hot, heavy and now fast. She felt his heaving matching hers, she knew his excitement was building. He was sucking and kissing anywhere the ice or wax had been.

His kissing slowed and then moved from between her breasts towards her belly ring, gently licking and kissing in circles around it. She knew by the position of his hands and his kissing he was now kneeling, so it was with little surprised that she felt his hands gently pushing her legs apart. She thought about resisting, but in truth didn't want to, it was his fantasy, so his rules. So she allowed her legs to be opened wide, giving only slight resistance.

It was then his hot breath hit her wet panties, as if volcanic, she felt the pressure of his head forcing, his way in and then his mouth sucking hard through the soft material of her panties. It was no surprise to him that she was moist, not just from the ice but her natural moisture and he could taste it. It drove him on, harder, deeper and made her wriggle and move, she so wanted to get the best from his action and she wanted to feel his passion. Again he pulled away fast, not touching her for a while, her breathing was heavy, yet now as she turned her head she could hear his and knew approximately where he was in the room. 

His breathing was behind her and she felt the scarf loosen its hold on her wrists. Then he entwined his fingers on both hands with hers and lifted her up, she stood, but he pushed her roughly backwards. Before she knew it she hit something solid behind her, only cushioned, by what she realized was her hanging, coat. He took her hands and retied them above her head and to the hook the coat was hanging on. Though she couldn't see, he was smiling, glad that it was an old solid door and an old type coat hook that would hold her well.

Now she felt him start to slip her panties off, every time he lowered it a bit, he kissed the area to the side it exposed, first one side and then the other, slowly and deliberate. Stopping every few seconds, to let one hand feel the warmth and moisture of her pussy. Leaving her panting and gasping with each slight touch. Once he had them at her knees he eagerly pulled the panties the rest of the way to the floor, gently, lifting one high heel after the other to completely remove them. Throwing them in the direction of her other removed clothes. Now she stood tied, in high heels and wearing only sexy lace thigh-highs. He backed away to take it all in, he was sure even with just the flicker of candle light he could make out the moisture of her nearly dripping pussy. It turned him on and he yearned and ached for all of her.

It was now time, he wanted to release more of her senses and he knew the only way now was to remove the blindfold. Whispering to her as he moved over to her and untied the blindfold, letting it slip down the softness of her body to the floor, "Your breath taking." She adjusted her eyes to see that cocky smirk on his face. Then her eyes opened wider, as he tore open his shirt, sending buttons in every direction, her heart pounded as she enjoyed the sound and the view, as much as he had done when he had done the same to her.

She licked her lips and foolishly tried to walk forward, but groaned when she realized she was still tied. He grinned this time as he playfully swirled the shirt around until it span off the last remaining arm. Her eyes nearly popped out of her head as he slowly undid the belt holding up his jeans. Whipping it out, her body tensed in fear he was going to use it on her, but he let it drop to the floor, then opened the top button and unzipped them. She swung crazily on her tied arms, wishing she could get close to him and remove them, but he was doing a dam good job. 

Slowly and with a rocking of his hips, the jeans dropped to the floor, he kicked them off quickly, he now stood there in nothing but a pair of tight fitting boxers. Even in the false light she could see the outline of his straining manhood.

Now looking straight at her, he playfully turned, still looking over his shoulder, but now teasingly with his back to her, he slowly removed the boxers, as he did, he playful tighten and clenched his ass cheeks, much to her delight, clenching them as if going to the music in the background. Then in lightening speed, he turned around to face her, cleverly hiding his erect manhood with his two hands. Again playful uncovering one hand at a time, revealing but not all, doing this alternately with each hand. Teasing her as much as he could in all ways. 

After removing his hands he walked towards her, then slowly lowered himself to one knee, he lifted one of her legs up placing gentle kisses and licks from her knee up to her inner thigh, placing that caressed thigh then onto his shoulder to only repeat the same action on her other leg. In this position she could feel his breath hot and heavy on her pussy and now in her heightened expectation mode, she frustratedly waited for him to fulfill her desires. 
