 (Usual Disclaimer Time: Even though this story almost entirely takes place in a high school setting, all the characters in this story are 18 years old or older, and since we're living in the wide wonderful world of porno-land here, where clichés roam free and things might get a little unrealistic from time to time, please remember it's all in good fun. This story is highly serialized, and though it's not 100% necessary to have read the whole story up until this point to enjoy the content of the chapter, it's definitely advisable to understand some of the ongoing plots.)

(Author's Note: I'd like to again thank MisterWildCard for acting as a second set of eyes on this chapter and for his honest editing and fantastic suggestions. Please check out his story, "Brooke's Wild Ride" in Erotic Couplings, as it acts as a canonical side story to Senior Year Memories starring Regan Hills High's favorite blonde cheerleader.)

Previously, on Senior Year Memories: 18-year-old Ryan Collins' quest to do something nice for each of the nineteen women he's had sex with this senior year before Christmas has continued at a swift pace. With the help of cheerleader Kaitlyn Pruitt, Ryan was able to get shy and meek band geek Sarah Kent a spot on the cheer squad for her impressive dance skills. A hasty book drive that gathered together hundreds of new books for the library brought cheer to librarian Mrs. Sullivan and her aide Marie Halpern. Looking to particularly thank band geek Hope Harris, who helped inspire this Christmas giving season, Ryan went to Hope's crush, color guard captain Daphne O'Connell, and attempted to convince her to go out with Hope. Daphne was resistant to the idea until Ryan convinced her to give Hope a chance with the power of hot sex and light bondage. With seven names checked off his list for good deeds, who will Ryan help next?

Names Remaining on Ryan's Christmas List: Addison, Brooke, Haley, Jade, Josie, Kaitlyn, Mallory, Mrs. Lynn, Nadia, Noa, Rose, Sophie

***

Walking down the hallways of Regan Hills High School after having had hot, steamy sex with a number of the girls in the senior class was a surreal experience. A year ago, I'd have known nothing but the surface details about most of them, seeing them for little more than the stereotyped images I had of each of them in my head. Now as I walked down the hall, passing by so many smirks and knowing glances from girls I'd been intimate with, I was, as always, impressed by how much things had changed. I knew more about these girls and more sides of them than I think anybody else in school might've.

Willowy brunette band geek Hope Harris, with her big glasses and goofy smile was utterly sweet and one hell of a reporter for our school paper, the Puma Press, but having gotten her alone I was one of the few to know that she was a freak for bondage and a romantic at heart.

Conservatively dressed in a warm winter sweater and long skirt, Sophie Cusack looked on the surface like an uptight religious girl, and in most respects that was true. Only Josie and I knew that underneath her cold exterior she was sexually curious and a great artist, and that she had one of the most insane bodies in school.

Blue-haired and motormouthed, gamer Izzy Barnes looked like she was interested in little else other than video games and talking a mile a minute, and though those were important to her I knew her to be possibly the most energetic and sexually voracious girl in the entire school.

Petite, blonde and pigtailed cheerleader Brooke King might have been the greatest surprise of all. Her face was so cute and sweet and so stereotypically "cheerleader", you could have easily mistaken her for a naïve airhead. That would have been a great mistake, for not only was she incredibly bright and perceptive in her own uniquely odd way, she was also probably one of the filthiest, most inventive fucks in the entire school. If you'd told me a year ago she'd be one of my best friends, I'd have said you were nuts, but by this point nothing seemed nuts to me anymore.

If my year had ended now and I hadn't had sex with any more girls other than them and the others I'd already been with this year, I'd have died a more than happy man; shit, if anyone found out what I'd done, I'd probably have died a legend. That being said, it was hard not looking at the other girls in my class and wondering just how many of them also had wild sides.

Slender blonde overachiever Chloe Marcus always looked like she had a stick up her ass; might she secretly want something else up there too?

There were rumors that quiet and awkward Darla Cohen was hiding some of the biggest tits in school; how interested might she be in seeing the biggest cock?

With short, choppy black hair and one of the biggest smiles in school, class clown Doreen Bell was slightly chubby and all curvy. She looked wholesome, but the way she eyed me said she might have a dirty side.

Graceful and arrogant theatre girl Faith Serrano was beautiful and said to be a great singer, but what would it take to make her scream?

Class president Sabrina Singh was as stunning as she was a hard worker, but something told me that when it came down to relaxing, she had all the potential to be a true freak in bed.

Girl after girl after girl, each of them looking the perfect high school archetype, each of them having their own private lives. I wasn't predatory, and I had no expectation that I would enter any of their lives, but if the opportunity came up, well...

I shook my head. I could speculate about this for hours, days, weeks, months, and if I got lost in that dream I wouldn't be able to keep to my schedule, and with as much as I had on my plate these next two days I couldn't deviate too much. Tomorrow was going to be a problem and a half with the people I had to get together, but today was going to be two easy tasks.

At least, it was supposed to be two easy tasks.

I kept pace down the hallway until I found the girl I was supposed to meet today.

"I haven't kept you waiting too long, have I?" I asked.

"No," Jade Alvarez confirmed. "You're right on time."

With silky black hair, caramel skin, insane curves and a pretty face, Jade was definitely in the running for most beautiful girl in the school (even though that was a very, very competitive list), but what put her over the top was her innate and overwhelming kindness. I'd known that she was into volunteering and charity work for a while, but after I'd called on her for aid in my insane Christmas scheme of getting a major gift for each of the 19 women I'd had sex with before December, she was perhaps the most enthusiastic participant. Already she'd put her networking skills to arranging a book drive for our library, and if her connections at the gym in Blair Valley were as good as she said, she'd be a great help for another task.

"So, were you able to get it?" I asked.

She pulled the envelope from her backpack and pressed it into my hands. "I'm a woman of my word; of course I got it."

"Good, thanks," I said, looking at the envelope's contents.

"You just need to have her fill in her name and sign it, and it's all hers. I'll need the money when you get the chance..." Jade said.

"I'll get it to you," I said.

"Good, 'cause it didn't come cheap," Jade replied.

"I'm good for it. Unless you accept barter for sexual favors?" I joked.

"Tempting, but, I'm gonna need the cash," Jade replied.

"You'll get it," I said.

"Thanks," Jade said, cocking her head, letting out an exhausted breath. As someone usually full of sunshine and energy, seeing her like this was surprising.

"You alright?" I asked.

She rubbed a muscle in her neck. "Fine. Just wishing more people showed as much Christmas spirit as you."

"Oh?"

She sighed, biting her lip and looking up and down the hall. There was a look on her face that I'd become all too familiar with, that look people have when they're not sure whether or not they want to confide in you but ultimately figuring that they don't have much to lose. "I'm supposed to help arrange for some volunteers for our Christmas Eve event down at the Open Hands Shelter in Blair Valley."

Jade had mentioned before that she worked with them, an organization set to help families who'd fallen on hard times, but I didn't know she had that kind of authority. As someone who'd had to gather volunteers for something much less noble, I understood what kind of stress she must have been under.

I said, "Oh, cool!"

"Cool for you, maybe, not so cool for everyone else. We got a lot of people to help and not a lot of people to help them, and I do what I can but, you know, it's a little frustrating," Jade said.

I'd already told her I'd consider helping her, but I think it was this moment when I knew for sure how I'd be spending my Christmas Eve.

"I'll be there," I said.

Jade smiled, faintly. "Thanks; I really appreciate it. Now if only I had a dozen more of you, then we'd be in business."

Thinking about her state, I told myself I'd have to do something about that.

The bell rang. Jade looked up at it.

"Gotta run," she said. "Thank you, again. I'm not giving up on finding people yet, but it means a lot that you want to help out."

"Anytime," I said.

She then pointed at the envelope still in my hand. "And let me know what she thinks about it, okay?"

Patting the envelope, I laughed. "Thanks. Fingers crossed, I think she'll love it."

***

"God, fuck, fuck me harder!" Noa Kanzaki demanded.

With our pants around our ankles, my cock buried deep in her tight little pussy and her hands braced against the wall of the gym, I proceeded to do just that. Though 5'6" and tiny in her own particular way, Noa Kanzaki was almost pure lean muscle. I'd had sex with more than a few girls who could put me through my paces in the past few months, but none of them quite had the skill and raw physical strength of Noa. Even though I was taking her from behind, she was still very much in control, fucking back against me harder than I did into her.

We were in a disused, barely traveled alley beside our school's gym, which allowed us a fair bit of privacy during our between class break, but not as much as I'd have liked. Anyone could have stumbled upon us at any moment, which made me keep quiet. Noa on the other hand was unrestrained, seemingly fearless of getting caught. Considering the way she'd occasionally flash her bra at me when we were in the hallways, I was beginning to understand just how much of an exhibitionist she truly was.

She looked back at me, tossing her short and choppy black hair over her shoulder. She smiled a winning smile, her delicate Japanese features only accentuating her unconventional prettiness.

"Fuck, you've been... working out since... LAST TIME!" she grunted triumphantly as I fucked her.

Smiling, I reached down, pulling her comfortable t-shirt over her six pack abs, then over her modest yet no less sexy B-cup breasts. As usual, Noa was a contradiction of the best variety, her rough and tumble jock exterior hiding a girl who secretly loved wearing the girliest of girly bras. Today it was a lacy blue number with a front I was all too happy to scoop her tits out of. Her nipples already rock hard, I rather enjoyed flicking and pinching them as I fucked her.

"I knew I had to, in case we ever met again," I said smoothly as I fucked her. We only had so long in this break, but if we were going to be late for class, we were going to be late for class. I didn't think I could stop Noa Kanzaki when she was horny.

I had my doubts that even divine intervention would stop her.

"Oh, good, because I've been needing some serious cock!" she groaned, pushing me off of her before turning around so we were facing each other. She kicked one leg out of her pants, allowing her to better spread her legs.

I got the hint, pressing her against the wall and sliding my cock back into her hot folds, pushing into her harder, deeper. I didn't know if Noa had been with anyone else ever since I helped her lose her virginity back in November, nor did I honestly care, but she was as tight as ever and even more energetic. She was more confident in knowing exactly what she wanted, and I couldn't have been happier for her.

I fucked her harder and harder against the wall, looking down into her pretty eyes, living for the sounds of unrestrained pleasure she made as I pounded her harder and harder. The way she looked up at me with such satisfaction, the way she cooed when I ran one of my thumbs over a nipple as I pushed in harder than harder. It was too much. I couldn't stop myself from leaning down and kissing her pretty lips, kissing her and making out with her as our hidden fuck continued.

I wouldn't be lying if I said I was grateful when she started to shudder against me, and dropping my fingers to her clit as I pistoned in and out of her tight, wet cunt only pushed her over the edge. With a cry of unrestrained pleasure, she came, her body tensing up against mine and her pussy squeezing me, hard, so hard that it was only seconds before I was emptying my swollen balls deep inside of her.

I leaned against her for a moment, smiling and catching my breath, the two of us exchanging quick, passionate kisses.

"We should get ready for class soon," Noa said.

"Yeah," I agreed, begrudgingly pulling out of her and pulling my own pants back up. I rather enjoyed watching her getting dressed again, pulling her panties and pants up over her own dripping pussy while she kept her firm, proud breasts out in the air to be covered last. She may have had a harder body than a lot of the girls I got with, but that didn't make her any less sexy.

"So... I take it you liked my Christmas present?" I asked.

"Liked it?" Noa laughed, patting the envelope on top of her set aside backpack. "A one year paid membership to the Blair Valley Advanced Training Gym? Have you seen the parkour obstacles and climbing walls they've got there? Yeah, I liked my Christmas present. I fucking love it!"

To emphasize this, she wrapped an arm around my neck and pulled me in close for a quick flurry of fierce kisses.

"It didn't set you back too much, did it?" Noa asked, a slight hint of concern breaking through her smile.

Even though Jade's contacts had gotten me a fair discount on this present, it still wasn't that cheap, especially with a lot of the other things I had planned.

"It's Christmas, so, nah," I deflected.

Noa caught this deflection much quicker than I'd hoped, crossing her arms under her sweet tits. "Seriously?"

"I'll be fine," I said.

"You know if you need some extra cash, my dad runs a restaurant, I could probably get you some after school hours," Noa suggested.

"I'll be fine," I repeated.

"You'll be stubborn is what you'll be," she said, shaking her head.

"I'm not really looking for a job right now. I'll be fine," I repeated, this time with an amused smirk.

Stroking her chin thoughtfully, Noa said, "There is another way..."

"Huh?" I asked.

"A friend of mine from my self defense class, she's been on the lookout for some help with a... project, lately, and she'll pay well," Noa said.

She didn't have to lay out exact details of what she was talking about, but her meaning was clear.

I picked up my backpack and slung it over my shoulder. "Flattered, but I'm not whoring myself out."

"It wouldn't be that. Well, it wouldn't exactly be that. She's really nice and really pretty and really does need the help and I think the two of you'd have some fun with each other, and the money would be good," Noa explained.

If she was telling the truth, and I had no reason to take Noa for a liar, the idea did sound tempting, especially since I really could've used the money.

"I'll think about it," I said.

"Good," Noa replied. We were both dressed and about as cleaned up as we were going to get. Playfully, she took my hand. "So, doing anything after school?"

Though another furious fuck with Noa Kanzaki sounded tempting, I had to break it to her. "Actually, I do."

"Oh," she said, sounding more than a little disappointed.

"I'll make it up to you soon?" I suggested.

"You better," Noa smirked back, kissing me quickly. "Whoever she is, she better be really special."

"Well..." I trailed off.

***

There were few pleasures in life I'd found quite as special as lying down naked on my favorite teacher's desk while she sat on my face and sucked my cock in a slow, leisurely 69.

While Noa did her best to wear me out, sex with Mrs. Lynn was unhurried and oh so sweet. She sucked on my cock with nice, long strokes, taking almost my entire length down her throat with each bob. I in turn did my best to return the pleasure, sucking and licking her pussy with a similar pace, locking my lips around her clit and making her moan around my cock. We'd been at this for god only knew how long, but since it was after school and we had the classroom entirely to ourselves, we pretty much had all the time in the world.

With her luscious, curvy body pressed against mine, I was in heaven. Sure, I missed her usual dirty mouth with my cock stuffed so far down her throat (while usually rather kind and proper, she loved to trash talk students and teachers when we fucked, "letting off steam" she'd say), but I was still having quite a bit of fun pulling such a variety of sexy sounds from deep in her core.

She was starting to tense up. I could really have just backed off then, let her ride the swell down and then gone back up for an even bigger orgasm, but patience was never one of my strongest suit.

I went in for the kill.

Licking and fucking even harder on her clit, I reached up around her ass, spreading her cheeks apart and fingering her tight little hole. Mrs. Lynn always had a really sensitive asshole, and pressing a couple fingers inside usually pushed her over the top.

This was definitely one of those times. Though my cock was still deep down her throat, she cried out as best she could, moaning and thrashing above me in orgasm as I kept eating her pussy and fingering her ass harder and harder. Her juices flooded my face and I licked them up as if my life depended on it, savoring every drop of her sweet, sweet cream. As she began to tire, the last of her pleasurable twitches slowing, I slowed my pace and let her come down.

Mrs. Lynn, however, didn't have any intention of coming down. She attacked my cock with greater fervor, bobbing her head faster, jacking me with her hands as she sucked me with those soft, sexy as fuck lips of hers. Once she got to the head, she circled her tongue around it, taking her time and truly driving me wild.

Every girl and woman I'd been with since this year began brought her own unique something to the table, but I had to say this for older women: they had the experience and knew how to use it. Mrs. Lynn took command of my cock like few others could, touching me in ways that sent a jolt of pleasure up through my core.

When my orgasm came, it was one I barely had any control over, filling her mouth with shot after shot of cum. As ever with her, it felt like a flood that would never end, and despite her best efforts to suck every drop down, I could feel some leaking down her lips and my cock. As the waves of pleasure that washed over me began to fade and the flow stopped, Mrs. Lynn took to kissing my cockhead, licking the few remaining dribbles of semen that escaped.

Finally satisfied, she swung her leg over my body and turned around, straddling my now soft cock so she could look down at me. With impressive curves, even more impressive DD tits (with oh so delectable and very hard nipples), and a pretty face framed by her short, blonde and currently very mussed up hair, Mrs. Lynn would've looked like perfection to me as is. With that smug smile on her lips though and the slight dribble of cum down her chin that splashed onto her right breast, she somehow managed to improve even on perfection.
