 The crackling of the bonfire echoed off the canyon walls as Anita and Galen listened to their instructions from the wizened old shaman. 

They had come to him in search of guidance to the local Anasazi ruins. Anita and Galen were researching a Native American version of the Kama Sutra. During their last dig they had found a tattered manuscript that spoke of ancient rites that allowed ancient spirits to engage in sexual exploits while inhabiting the bodies of the living. The holy one was willing, but they had to undertake an inipi, or spiritual sweat. He warned that to go unprepared was unwise and definitely dangerous. 

So together with the shaman and his apprentice they gathered the willow saplings & bent them together to form a small hut about six feet in diameter and four feet tall. Once the saplings were bent and tied, they were covered with heavy supple bison hides. The shaman spryly kept hopping inside the lodge to make sure no light could get into the lodge. Upon finishing the lodge, they then gathered the hard wood that would become the ceremonial fire that heated the rocks for the sweat. Once everything was prepared, they had to wait until sundown to begin. 

The pair took the remaining hours before sundown to rest and have a light meal together. Although Anita and Galen had been working together for fifteen years now, their relationship had never transcended the "friend stage". It wasn't that they considered the other unattractive. Galen was of average build, standing at 5'10" weighing 190 lbs. Anita meanwhile, was 5'8" and weighed 140 lbs. Her 34C cup breasts and curvy hips didn't allow for the typical athletic build. They both maintained a certain level of fitness required for their occupation as archeologists. They weren't virgins, both had had their share of sexual partners. Each had agreed that their work was more important than their getting physical gratification and risking the integrity of their team. 

As they finished eating, the sun started to eclipse over the horizon. They took turns getting changed into bathing suits to wear. Anita opted for a modest two-piece suit, figuring it would wear easier in the sweat. Its rays were streaking the desert sky like fires from heaven. The tumbleweeds became silhouetted against the various forms of cacti that dotted the plain. 

Once the two had received their instructions on how to participate in the ceremony, they stood by the fire. Staring into it's flickering flames, the bonfire appeared alive. Slowly Anita and Galen became mesmerized by the fire. Galen stood behind Anita and placed his hands on her shoulders slowly rubbing them in a circular motion. 

"Are you ready for this?" he asked. She smiled and leaned back against him. 

"With you by my side, how can I not be?" she replied. 

The shaman appeared at their elbow, breaking the spell of the flames. It was time to go inside the sweat. As each reached the entrance of the hut, they knelt and said the words mitakuye oyasin("we are all related" in Lakota). Galen entered first. Anita followed close behind and then the shaman. Galen and Anita sprawled on one side of the central fire pit with the shaman seated across from them. The shaman's feeble voice started to sing the ancient text of the inipi ceremony. As he commenced, the apprentice brought in the rocks one by one. Each rock was blessed with cedar and sacred white sage, causing a light haze to fill the hut. 

Once all the rocks were inside, the apprentice sealed the hides to the earth. The darkness of the lodge startled Anita. Unable to see her hand in front of her face, she reached out for Galen. Searching, she put her hand on his thigh. Galen patted her hand in reassurance and then covered it with his hand. Slowly the heat built, causing the air to seem thick and syrupy. Anita and Galen were starting to get dizzy listening to the shaman sing. Maybe it was the heat affecting them, but the shaman's voice was no longer weak in timbre. It was strong and vibrant. A light breeze circled around them causing both to wonder where it came from and how could it survive in this heat.

Anita's nipples hardened as the zephyr seemed to caress her breasts. It had to be her imagination, she thought. As the shaman continued, his voice faded away. Galen and Anita lay down to help with the dizziness. The breeze was blowing such that they needed to close their eyes. Galen's hand rested on her hip, her heat and sweat registering in his mind. Unbidden, images came to his mind. Images he had only seen one place before...on the manuscript. He felt his consciousness being molded to an ancient way of thinking...the Anazi's.

He felt his hand start to lightly caress her leg. Anita meanwhile, was undergoing a similar transformation. She found herself slowly grinding her ass against his growing hardness. Galen found his lips against the hot skin of her back. He tasted her salt as he kissed her using his tongue. Anita moaned encouragement to him. Galen responded by gently nipping her back, causing her to press harder against him. Galen caressed his way up to her breasts. Using a circular motion, he kneaded her breasts until her nipples hardened to points. She ached for him to suckle on her. Anita reached around to remove her halter top. Upon doing so, she rolled on top of him. 

Straddling him, she held his head while he used the flat of his tongue on her nipples. They were harder than she had ever experienced. Anita gasped with a mix of pleasure and pain when Galen took her nipples with his teeth. She could feel his cock pressing against her slit. She gyrated her hips with a tempo that the gods would be proud of. Faster and faster she moved as the pressure built. Crying out, she felt the wave of orgasm flow over her. She lowered her open lips to his, their tongues entwined as they shared their saltiness. 

Breaking the kiss, he said, "I need to taste you." 

Smiling knowingly Anita raised up to all fours to allow Galen to slide her bottoms off. She turned around and presented her neatly trimmed pussy to his eager mouth. Galen raised his hips so Anita could lower his bathing suit. She wanted to feast as well. Licking his shaft, she felt his tongue lightly seek out her sex. His cock pulsed, beckoning her for more attention. She smiled and swirled her tongue down one side and up the other. She lightly nipped it's head; hearing him groan, she took him into her mouth. Galen responded by flicking her clit with the tip of his tongue until it became engorged. He then sucked it into his mouth. Once it was taut, he rolled his tongue around it. This caused her to take his cock down her throat, until his hair tickled her nose. 

She could feel his cock tighten as it readied itself for release. The warmth of impending orgasm penetrated her insides. She increased the movement of her tongue wanting to taste his cum. Galen had started to fuck her with his tongue, making sure his nose rubbed against her clit while doing so. Together, they exploded in unison. They felt their consciousness' almost merge. In an instant they knew what the other needed for total satisfaction. Galen nipped the inside of her thighs while Anita cleaned his cock with her tongue. Amazingly, he felt the stirrings of desire almost immediately.

Anita crawled off him, looked back saying, "Fuck me like the stallion you are."

Needing no encouragement, Galen mounted Anita, feeling his straining cock slide into her awaiting passage. He gripped her hips with both hands and started pounding inside her. She gasped as his girth filled her. Anita felt his balls slap against her ass as he penetrated her deeper than she had ever been. Galen drew his hand back and slapped her ass, leaving a red mark. Anita moaned her acceptance of her role as mare to his stallion. Galen slowed his pace as he leaned over to alternately kiss and nip her back. 

Anita's breath was becoming ragged, signaling her third orgasm of the sweat. Sensing this, Galen reached around Anita to rub her clit with his finger as he continued to kiss her back. This sent her over the precipice of sanity. Galen's cock started to spurt cum as her walls clung to him. Once again they merged mentally. Both Galen and Anita were shown an image of a native couple blowing them a kiss...good bye until next time. 

They lay together spooning, wondering if they could ever duplicate what had just happened. Wondering if it was just the spirits of the Anasazi using them for their carnal pleasure or if the spirits just nudged them into doing what each had secretly craved.

"This could be the start of a beautiful friendship."