 The following is a work of fiction. All participants are over the age of 18. If you like what you read, please take the time to vote, and drop me a line. Your feedback is greatly appreciated. 

*****

I was lounging on the couch in my media room, watching NASCAR on the big screen. There was a commercial on right now, and my mind was wandering. A knock on the front door brought me back to reality. 

As I approached the front door, I heard a radio squak outside. I tried to peek through the sidelight glass, but it was frosted, so all I could see was a shadowy form close to the door, and a flashing coloured light in the background. Police? Why? 

I cautiously opened the door. The officer had his back to me. No. A pony tail of dark brown hair hung down to the middle of her back. Ladycop. About 5'9".Tall Ladycop. Her uniform pants were snug, but not really complimentary. Gun belt, bulletproof vest... Not very feminine. She said something into her radio and holstered it. I quietly braced for her to turn around, expecting a butch, unattractive look. She turned. 

Whoa! Was I wrong! Even without makeup, she was stunning. Full lips, high cheekbones ... very nice. But was her eyes that made the biggest impression. They positively sparkled. Somewhere between brown and hazel, and surrounded by long dark lashes. Even though she didn't smile, her eyes did. 

Officer... Brewster, it said on the velcro patch of her vest. Officer Brewster explained that the reason for her visit today was due to the escape of a prisoner in the area. She asked if it would be alright for her to come in and check around the back yard. 

"Of course. Please do." I stepped aside. 

Officer Brewster followed me through to the sliding doors of the patio. "Please, stay here," she said as she unsnapped the holster for her Glock. "I wouldn't want to shoot you by accident," she added with a smile, giving me a quick scan with her beautiful eyes. She slid the door aside and went out. 

I watched from the doorway while she did her Rambo routine, checking the shrubbery, corners and utility shed, her right hand always on her right hip holster. She was all business, but she moved with such cat-like grace, it was pretty hot to watch. 

Satisfied that no one was hiding, she relaxed, and said something into her radio. She was closing the holster for her gun when she returned. 

"All clear. Thank you for you cooperation," she said pleasantly as she stepped back in. She asked a few questions about how long I have lived here, which neighbors I know, etc. She finished with "and how many people live here with you?" 

"Actually, I live here alone". That was met with a mild look of surprise, then a tiny hint of a smile. I began to walk her out, while my brain was wracked, trying to judge the risk of hitting on a woman who carries a semi-automatic weapon. I decided on the subtle but direct approach. 

"Officer Brewster, may I ask you a question?", I asked as we reached the front door. 

"As long as it doesn't pertain to the case, then yes". Still all business. 

Okay, here goes nothing. "Is there a 'mister' Officer Brewster?" 

Nothing. No reaction, no answer... nothing. Then I saw the sparkle in her eyes, for just a second, before she put her sunglasses back on. 

"You have a nice day, sir" she said with a smile as she shook my hand and left. I watched her walk back to her cruiser. When she turned and saw me watching her, she smiled again, shook her head a little, and waved. 

I closed the door. I really would have liked to see what was under that body armour. Oh, well. 

About 2 hours later, I was again interrupted by a knock on the door. I opened it. 

"Officer Brewster! What can I do for you?" Perhaps I was premature in writing her off. 

"I just thought you might want to know that the escapee is back in custody", she said, professionally. She still had her sunglasses on. She extended her hand again. When she ended the handshake, I found myself with a folded piece of paper in my hand. 

I was a bit taken aback. By the time I recovered, she was back at her cruiser. She paused, tipped her sunglasses down, and winked. Then she smiled, and was off. 

I closed the door and quickly opened the note. "Call me. 8 p.m. 555—1221". I looked at my watch. Three hours. Three hours?! What am I going to do for three hours?! Shit. 

I went back to the media room and started a movie from my extensive collection, hoping it would distract me. Good idea but mostly ineffective. I couldn't get her eyes out of my mind. 

At 7:59, I dialed her number. It rang three times. 

"Hello?" Wow, that was not the 'cop voice' I heard earlier in the day. This voice was like honey. 

"Hello... Uh... Officer Brewster?" God, I hope it's her, not a mis-dial that just happens to sound sexy as hell. 

"Yes, and please call me Emily." 

"Hello, Emily", I said. Cut to the chase. "Have you eaten? Would you do me the honour of meeting me for dinner?" 

"The honour?" she giggled. "Where?" 

I suggested a little place I knew. The food was good and it should be quiet there. 

"Twenty minutes." was all she said before the line clicked off. 

Eighteen minutes later, I was standing nervously in front of the restaurant. I suddenly realized that I really only knew what she looked like in her cop gear, Sure, I would never forget her eyes, but it was dark out here. I heard footsteps behind me. 

"Hands up, please" she said. It was her cop voice again, but at a conversational volume. I complied. She laughed. The laugh was more like the voice on the phone. I turned. 

My mouth fell open. Holy shit! She had 4 inch heels on, so now she was about 6 feet tall. Her legs... Oh my god!! Long, strong and muscular. A burgundy coloured dress hung like a curtain from her hips. The dress was cinched around her slim waist, while a substantial chest resided above. A matching shawl wrapped her shoulders, concealing her cleavage. Her hair was down, and wavier than it appeared before. She was smiling broadly, sexy red lipstick on her sensually full lips. Mascara made her already long lashes even more impressive, and her eyes sparkled as always. 

Emily laughed again, and reached up with her lovely hand to close my mouth. "Nice to see you, too". 

"Sorry", I gestured to the door, "shall we?" 

She walked in ahead of me, and my eyes were immediately drawn to her ass. Like I said before, her uniform pants did nothing for her form, but this dress... Wow! The word 'sinuous' comes to mind.

The waitress seated us, and we quickly perused the menu. Orders placed, we settled in to chat while we waited. After a few minutes, Emily shed her wrap. The effect stopped me in mid-sentence. I couldn't help it. I know it's not cool, but I looked right at her sexy cleavage. Not once but twice. Then back to her eyes. 

Fortunately, all she did was giggle, toss her hair, and lean in, exposing her luscious chest to me even more. "Gotcha!" she said, giggling again. The food arrived. 

For the second time in the last five minutes, I had to apologize. "Sorry". I felt an explanation was necessary. "It's just that... you are really not what I thought you would be". A disappointed look crossed her face. I scrambled to correct the misunderstanding. "A pleasant surprise...believe me, a very pleasant surprise!" I again looked at her chest. She was smiling again. "I just never thought you would look like this..." 

"... Under my uniform?" she finished the thought. I nodded. "Yeah, the gunbelt and bulletproof vest don't exactly enhance my curves, do they? I also don't wear Victoria..." gesturing to her chest, "...under the vest, for comfort reasons."  

She continued. "To be honest, most guys are pretty intimidated by the look." 

"I suppose that's the general idea." I offered. 

"That would be correct. Also, most guys are a bit afraid of a woman with a gun" she said, shooting me with her finger. 

I feigned being wounded and then laughed, as did Emily. 

"I had that very thought, myself, " I admitted. 

"So what made you..." she trailed off. 

I finished the bite I was chewing. "Your eyes. You have the most beautiful eyes I have ever seen."

Emily looked down, blushing at the compliment. When she looked up, her eyes positively glistened. 

"You really know how to get to a woman!" she sighed. Then she smiled and looked away. She ate in silence for a few minutes, and I caught her stealing little glances at me. Finally she put her fork down abruptly and looked me straight in the eye. 

"Listen... Why don't we get out of here? Your place?" she suggested, biting her lower lip nervously. 

"Do you follow me, or do we ride together?" I asked as I gestured for the check. 

Twenty minutes later, she pulled her car into my driveway as I got out of my car. I whistled as she walked sexily over to me. 

"Supercharged Mustang? At the risk of stating the obvious... You're my kind of girl!" 

Emily, just walked past me and leaned against the front door frame. The message was pretty clearly 'I'm waiting'. I opened the door and we entered. 

As soon as the door was closed, she was on me. She pressed me back against the door and kissed me. Gently at first, then with increasing passion as I returned the gesture. She grabbed my hand and placed it on her ass. With her heels on, I hardly had to bend at all to kiss her and fondle her firm ass. We made out like teenagers for about ten minutes, caressing each other wildly while our tongues intertwined. Emily finally came up for air. 

"I could use something to drink", she said, slipping from my arms and turning toward the kitchen. 

I watched her ass sway sensually as she disappeared around the corner. I caught my breath and followed her. When I reached the kitchen door, she was bent over, peeking into the fridge. 

I quickly stole up behind her and placed both hands on her hips. I ran my fingers around the smooth, firm curves of her ass, grinding against her as well. A moan came echoing out of the fridge. 

She came up with a can of Pepsi in her hand. She looked me directly in the eyes as she pivoted away. With one finger, Emily pushed me back. She put the can down on the island, kicked off her shoes and hopped up on the counter, crossing her legs. She popped the can open and took a swig. She wiggled her feet at me, then put the can back down. Slowly, she uncrossed her legs and opened her arms to me. 

I stepped into her arms, and she closed her eyes. We kissed again. Damn, she tasted good, and it wasn't just the Pepsi. As we continued our embrace, her breathing began to increase with her passion. She had her hands on my head, pulling my lips to hers. I let her dictate the pace. Without warning, she wrapped hey strong legs around my hips and scooted her hips forward until her crotch was hard up against me. I squeezed her closer to my chest, feeling the fullness of her breasts crushed against me. 

The combination of events was having a great effect on the contents of my pants, and given that only a few layers of fabric separated us, I'm sure Emily was fully aware of it. She pulled harder with her heels, grinding her crotch against mine. She pulled her head back. 

"Is that a gun in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?" she giggled, grinding her pussy on my hard bulge. Perhaps this was a new way to do a pat down. 

"I am ecstatic to see you, " I whispered, kissing her up the side of the neck. That must have been on her list of favourite things, because she gasped, then moaned loudly. 

"I assume this house has a bedroom?" she said between passionate 'ahhhhs'. 

"Actually,... it has... several," I said as I trailed kisses across her collarbone. 

"Well, we only need one... Ahh... or, at least,... Uhnn... one at a time!" 

A few moments later, we stumbled together into the bedroom, still kissing, and collapsed on my bed. After another few minutes of necking, Emily rolled up on top of me and sat up across my hips. She wiggled her hips and jerked her thumb to the left. 

"Bathroom?" I nodded. "I will be back in a minute or two. Get comfortable, if you know what I mean." she called over her shoulder as she swayed her hips through the door. 

A few minutes later, she was back. The dress was missing, but her bra and thong were a very similar colour. 

"Oh man, I wanted to take that off you!" 

"Well, if things work out, then you might get another chance," she smiled as she slinked over to me. 

"Jeez, no pressure there." 

Emily lifted the sheet and peeked under. I was naked, and my cock was almost fully ready. 

"Now, that's what I call comfortable," she said licking her lips. She turned her back, pulling her hair forward. "Do you want to do the honours?" 

"Absolutely!!" I said, reaching up to unhook her bra. The Secret Victoria was harboring was 34DD. On the way down her back, I hooked two fingers in the sides of thong and skinned it off her hips. She lingered beside the bed for a few seconds, allowing me a close inspection of her butt. 'Spectacular' doesn't do it justice. Flawless skin... sensual curves... just magnificent. Then she turned, and magnificent suddenly became insufficient as well. The lips of her pussy pouted open, like the petals of a highly sexed flower. I glanced up, making eye contact though the gap between her equally incredible breasts. 

Emily pushed me back on the bed and joined me under the sheets. Our lips met again. Her hard nipples pressed into my chest. She pulled her mouth from mine, and gave me a funny look. 

"I never actually got the chance to finish my dinner, so, if you'd excuse me..." she said cryptically. Then she ducked under the covers, and the code was instantly deciphered. 

I felt her hand around the base of my shaft, then her tongue ran up my length, and a warm wetness engulfed the head. 

"Oh... My... God!" was about all I could say. Major understatement. I lifted the sheet and watched her head bob up and down on my cock. "Umm... Excuse me, Officer?... Umm... What are you doing?" 

She pulled my rod from her lips and smiled up at me. "Well sir, I am checking you for dangerous weapons. I found one, and I am trying to make it safe, by unloading it. Need I remind you that anything you say can be used against you? " She immediately resumed her work, sucking furiously. 

Anything I say can be used against me? Right. 

"Oh... Please stop!... Don't suck my cock like that!! " I complained. Just as I hoped, she played along, sucking me harder and faster." No matter what you do to me, I won't tell you anything, Copper!!" She redoubled her efforts. I was about ready to 'empty the mag' down her throat. "Oh fuck..." 

Emily found my trigger and pulled it. My 'weapon' went off, round after round being chambered and fired. She swallowed, moaning with each gulp. Once she was sure I was safely empty, she squirmed back up beside me, licking residue from her lips.  

"Just as I thought. Fully automatic. Definitely illegal." She giggled.

I was trying to regain my senses, so I didn't really respond. 

"Oh and one more thing: 'Copper? 'Who are you? Edward G. Robinson? "she laughed and poked me in the ribs. 

That made me laugh, senseless or not. "You try coming up with something good when someone is sucking your cock!" She held her luscious tits up to me. "Okay, I mean... You try coming up with something good while someone is sucking your clit!" She nodded, satisfied that I knew she was a woman. Like there was any way I could make that mistake. 

"Don't mind if I do!" Emily said, throwing the sheets aside and laying back with her legs spread wide. I rolled over between her thighs, ready to take up the challenge. Her pouty pussy glistened with excitement. She was shaved perfectly smooth. Her clit sat proudly at the top of her open lips, bright pink, and begging for attention. It was that attention I planned to deny her, at least until I felt the time was right. 

I moved in closer, kissing her vulva gently. Whispering moans slipped from her throat. I pointed my tongue and circled the little rosebud of her ass hole. More moaning. I licked gently up her labia, first one side, then the other. I thrust my tongue into her pussy. I licked, I sucked, I nibbled, I kissed, I blew, I rubbed... in every nook and cranny, and on every bit of her pussy... except her clit. 

For about fifteen minutes, I teased her. She went from moaning to screaming, and from merely wet to absolutely drenched. She even sought to take matters into her own hands, but when she tried to flick her now red and swollen little clit, I swatted her hand. 

"Do I have to restrain you? " I threatened. She may be the one with the gun and handcuffs in her purse, but I could always get out the duct tape. 

Emily put her hands to work on her breasts instead, pinching, pulling and twisting her highly aroused nipples. She was hoping to make herself cum. She couldn't take much more of this agony. If I wouldn't touch her clit, maybe she could push herself over the top by playing with her tits. 

She was panting wildly now, shrieking every time I licked her lips. Now I began to use my fingers more, thrusting two fingers into her, and she tossed her head from side to side, mumbling and groaning. I hooked my fingertips upward, pressing on the grainy surface of her g-spot. 

From my viewpoint, between her legs, her excitement was clearly visible. Her stomach rose and fell raggedly with her gasping breaths. Further up, her huge breasts quivered deliciously, and her nipples looked about ready to explode, they were so erect.. I decided she had had enough. I braced myself for the blast to come. I mean...the blast of  

I licked her juicy lips once more, then dipped my tongue deep into her again, as I had dozens of times previously. She wailed again, positively vibrating with lust. However, this time I allowed my tongue to continue upward, flicking her neglected clit with my tongue. Her wail increased in pitch. When I wrapped my lips around her love bud and sucked, she went off like a live round. 

Emily arched her back, and one hand flew to the back of my head, and her thighs locked around my head. She screamed. "Ohhhhhhhhhh yessssssssssssss!! OhMyFuckingGod Yessssssssss!!" And her pussy let loose with a veritable tsunami of hot love juices, which I eagerly consumed as quickly as she could gush it out. Her scream gradually trailed off, but her mouth remained open, her head thrown back and her back arched. Her pussy twitched, and then she just melted, collapsing into a gasping puddle of limp flesh. Her thighs relaxed, and I freed myself from between her legs, wiping my chin with the back of my hand.. 

Emily was out like a light. The heaving of her beautiful breasts made it obvious that she was breathing, but she was totally unresponsive. I licked her nipples. Nothing. I kissed her. Nothing. 

So I decided to just snuggle beside her and hold her until she regained her senses. I turned on the TV and held her in my arms. Her breathing returned to normal, and she slept with her head on my chest. 

About fifteen minutes later, her hand moved on my stomach, followed a few seconds later by her head lifting off my chest. She looked at me bleary eyed., her hair tousled wildly. She tried to brush the hair out of her eyes. 

"What happened? And what time is it?" she asked. 

"It's just before 11, and you, my dear, just had the biggest orgasm I have ever seen a woman have." I replied. 

"What?", she wondered, then the fog began to lift from her brain. "Oh right... You were licking my pussy. You wouldn't let me cum!" she smiled as she remembered. "Is there such a thing as a post - orgasmic hangover?" she asked as she teetered unsteadily toward the bathroom. 

Five minutes passed. "If you are as good with your cock as you are with your tongue... This could be the beginning of a beautiful relationship... " Emily said from the doorway. She had brushed her hair, restoring it to perfection. She stretched like a cat, causing her breasts to ride higher on her chest. A vision of sexiness. She considered her last comment. "... And I guess I should update my will and life insurance, because you could be fatal!" she laughed. 
