 I stared at the frilly wedding invitation in my hand, fighting back tears. Jesse was getting married. Jesse, who I had been in love with since our junior year of high school. I'd always thought that someday I'd find the courage to tell my best friend I was in love with him. I fantasized that one day he'd confess to me that he had always loved me, too. But no, we gave each other dating advice, cried on each other's shoulders when love went wrong, and even decided to go to the same college so we could stay together. After graduation, he moved across the state, and our contact grew less and less frequent as we drifted apart. I never did tell him how I felt. Now it was too late; I was invited to his wedding. 

The invitation read: Miss Arianne Jackson and Guest. And Guest. That only made it sting more. There was no guest, but I certainly couldn't go by myself. Maybe my cousin Simon would go with me. No, I had to find a really hot guy - one who would distract me. That would be the only way I'd get through this. I couldn't let myself get all teary and feeling sorry for myself. I crumpled the invitation and tossed it to the floor. 

The next morning I found my coworker, Jolyn. She has a wide circle of friends. I asked her if she knew anyone. She rolled her eyes at me. "I'm not going to set you up with a guy to go to a wedding. No way," she said. "Why don't you just hire an escort?"

"Wha...what?" I stammered.

"I'm serious," Jolyn said. "Just go online and you can find someone."

"I don't think so." I replied. But when I got home from work that evening I kept thinking about it. Finally I Googled "straight male escorts." I had to sort through a lot of sleazy sites, but as I refined my search, I started to think this idea might actually work. And then, I came across websites belonging to guys who called themselves ladies' companions. They stated they were available as escorts to events and functions. Many of them seemed classy and cultured. I started reading websites and looking at photos. That's where I found him.

His name was Armand, and his image on my computer screen took my breath away. He was a classic Latin lover: wavy dark hair, deep brown eyes, amazing body. Beyond smokin' hot. Best of all, he said he loved to make a woman feel special. That's exactly what I would need on the day of Jesse's wedding. 

I e-mailed Armand and we corresponded to get to know each other a bit better. We spoke on the phone, and I decided to hire him to accompany me to the wedding. We planned to meet in the town where the wedding would be held. Because Armand lived in another state, he would fly into the local airport. 

I arrived in town the night before the big event, and got a room with two queen-sized beds. I didn't want Armand to think I wanted anything more than an escort to the wedding. Now, I knew his plane would be arriving soon. 

A text came in to my phone. It was him, and he was on his way from the airport. I hurried to the glass elevator and down to the lobby, and waited where I could see the entrance. After what seemed like an hour, but was only ten minutes, I saw him striding to the door. I rose and went to meet him. A shiver ran through me as he gave me a quick hug and a light kiss. My heart began racing. He was simply one of the sexiest guys I'd ever seen. 

We talked for a little while, but it was late, so we both showered and got into our respective beds. Soon, I could tell by his even breathing that he had fallen asleep. I couldn't sleep. I was still anxious about Jesse's upcoming marriage, of course, but now I was also distracted by the presence of such a hot guy in a bed right across from mine. 

The wedding was at 10:00 a.m., to be held in a country garden. I explained the circumstances and my relationship to the groom to Armand. After we were seated, he took my hand. As he entwined his fingers with mine, I felt myself beginning to become aroused. He brought my hand over to rest on his leg. It was comforting, but also seductive in a way. The wedding party arrived. Jesse looked too handsome in his tux. Staring at Jesse, while feeling my hand in Armand's, was almost too much for me. I could feel the growing moisture between my legs. 

When the vows were exchanged, a few tears escaped my eyes. I couldn't believe how attentive Armand was. He noticed right away, put his arm around me and drew me close to him. He kissed the top of my head. I didn't watch the rest of the wedding, but buried my face against Armand. The luncheon and reception went by in a blur. The dance that evening was amazing. I tried not to look at Jesse, but concentrated on the charming man who held me in his arms. Armand was getting the better of me. How could it not be a turn-on to be dancing with such a sweet, good-looking guy? I wanted to be closer to him. I wondered what it would be like to kiss him. As we danced, I imagined his lips on mine and the feel of his tongue. I fantasized about his mouth on my neck, my breasts...everywhere. I thought about running my hands over his arms and chest, kissing him all over, feeling him inside me. 

But when we got back to the hotel, the reality of the day sunk in. Jesse was married. I didn't think I could stand it. Armand went into the bathroom for a shower. When he came out, I hurried in past him without making eye contact. I didn't want him to see that I was crying. I stood under the shower too long, letting the water wash the tears away. Armand met me at the door when I came out. He took my chin in his hand and made me look at him. "Are you OK?" he asked. 

"No ... no. I'm not." I flung myself against him. He pulled me over to his bed and we sat on the edge. It electrified me even as we just sat close together and talked. He stroked my arm to soothe me. His sensual touch, sexy voice, and masculine scent drove me crazy. In just a few minutes I could feel my pussy was dripping. Armand gently pushed me face down on the bed. He leaned over me and whispered in my ear, "This night is all about you." He massaged my shoulders until I relaxed. Then he slid his talented hands under my shirt and stroked my bare skin. I felt my shirt being slipped over my head. He deftly unhooked my black lace bra and tossed it aside. A spark went straight to my clit as he did this. This was better than my fantasy at the dance.

Armand explored my neck, my shoulders with his mouth as he slid his hands underneath me to my breasts. His fingers expertly teased my nipples. My body ached to be closer to him, to be entangled with him until I didn't know where my body ended and his began. But I noticed Armand remained fully-clothed. He was obviously in no hurry. 

He unzipped my jeans and I raised my hips so he could tug them off. My panties quickly followed. At last he pulled his own tee-shirt over his head. The sight of his lean chest, shoulders, and arms made me gasp. I had never seen such a beautiful man. I reached for him, but he pushed me back down on the bed. He resumed teasing me. His amazing fingers danced over me. I never knew there were so many ways to be touched. It felt like tickling feathers over my butt, like velvet being smoothed across my ribcage...his fingers everywhere as my pussy grew wetter and wetter. Armand was the only thing in the world I wanted. At last he took hold of my thighs and moved them apart, producing another sudden jolt of arousal. I grew crazy with the excitement of knowing he would soon be touching between my legs. 

The women's magazines always give us the advice that we should tell guys what we want, how we want to be touched. This was one man who could teach me a few things about how to touch myself. Though I pleasure myself often and come multiple times, he was giving me sensations unlike any I'd felt before. He never fell into a routine, but changed from heavy pressure to light tickling, circles to side-to-side, stroking, gentle pinching ... it seemed the variety would never stop. My body writhed with pleasure under his touch and my hips rose to meet his hand. As I lifted my ass higher, he reached underneath me with his other hand to play with my boobs. Just when I thought I couldn't stand any more, he stopped and stood up next to the bed. I heard the sound of him unzipping his jeans. He reached down and clutched my hand. The quickness of his movement sent another wave of searing desire sweeping over me. He drew my hand toward him and placed it on his cock. I closed my fingers around it . What a cock it was! Magnificently huge, in both girth and length. 

I started to move my hand on it, but Armand grabbed my hand and placed it back on the bed. The way he took control of me caused me to be even more aroused. Until now, I would have thought I was as turned on as I could be. I was wrong. I had never wanted a man the way I wanted Armand. His tongue began at my clit with tantalizing laps, then he moved to my pussy. He licked away the honey from the lips. Then he pressed his tongue inside me. I shivered with pleasure as he licked away all the wetness. My ass rose involuntarily to allow his tongue to probe farther inside me. I was nearly on my hands and knees. The tension in my clit increased and I knew I was coming. As the throbbing began, Armand pushed my butt down on the bed. He lay on top of me, and I felt that huge cock entering my pussy. He began thrusting, slowly at first. As his tempo increased, my passion rose again, but now something new was happening to me. The weight of his body on top of me and the way his cock filled my pussy made me want him to take me, to possess me. I felt surrender to him, as if by surrendering I could have something more. It was simply the most exquisite form of pleasure I have ever felt. My body melted into his. I cried out. The orgasm started in my clit, but spread throughout my pussy, and from there into the rest of my body. Throbbing. Powerful. Complete. 

Armand rolled off of me and lay down next to me, leaned over to kiss me, and said, "You liked that, huh?" I could only smile and nod.

I drew close to him, my face buried against his chest. The warm scent of his body was intoxicating. He gently stroked my face. The smile that so charmed me was back on his face. I moved over to him and crept into his arms. "Thank you," I whispered. But there was something else I wanted. From the moment I had first seen that beautiful cock, I'd wanted to feel it in my mouth, and as I looked at it now, so hard, I had to have it. I pushed against his chest, and said, "Stand up." He did, and I sat on the edge of the bed, removed the condom from his cock, and dropped to my knees. I brought my tongue to the head, and started with soft laps all around it first, then moved to the underside. Using only my lips, I nibbled up and down each side. I moved my mouth over it and sucked, and used my hand on the part of his huge shaft I couldn't get my mouth over. After a few minutes of that, I stroked his cock while I sucked and licked his balls. My pussy was dripping wet again. Armand had given me so much pleasure, and it excited me to return some to him. I moved my mouth back to his cock, and swirled my tongue around it as I slid my mouth up and down. I could feel he was ready to come, and I moved my mouth back and increased the pressure of my lips. I wanted to swallow every bit of his cum. I sucked and swallowed as it spurted against my throat. When there was no more, I kissed his cock, and Armand took hold of my wrists and pulled me me to my feet, and then took me with him as he fell back onto the bed. I fell into his arms, spent and satisfied as I had never been before. But even in that state, I was already anticipating a next time. 

I slept in his arms that night, and I slept well for the most part, but I woke up several times just to look at him as he slept. I ran my fingers along his beautiful arms and just admired him. I breathed in his scent. Each time, he would stir a little, and pull me closer. As the sun's light became visible outside the window, I decided I wanted more. I pulled the blankets off him, and he opened his eyes sleepily. I straddled him and began rubbing my pussy over his cock. His organ stiffened. Now I wanted to possess him, to use every part of his body to give me pleasure. I leaned over him and pressed my breast into his mouth and he sucked the nipple. I could feel my wetness dripping down the inside of my legs. I slid down on Armand's body and pressed my clit against his leg. I moved up and down on it, taking pleasure from the friction. He reached for me, but I held his wrists down and moved back on top of him. I straddled his face, offering my slit to his mouth. As he licked and probed, my juices flowed freely. I wanted to feel every part of his body under me, and I rubbed my pussy on his arms and glided it over his chest, spreading my nectar over him. Now I was crazy with desire, and I moved back to his hard shaft. Spreading my legs, I sat, taking in Armand's hard cock. I rode him crazily, my hair flying in all directions, my tits bouncing. My orgasm was deep and strong, and as soon as it was over, I went for another one by rubbing my clit over his arm. I quickly reached a second climax, and then a third. I collapsed on top of him. When my breathing slowed, I sat up and looked at him. His expression was amused and a little stunned. I got up and said, "We better get ready." He nodded and I headed for the bathroom to shower. 

When I came out, Armand had just gotten out of bed. I told him he could shower while I went to say good-bye to everyone. But when I looked up into those beautiful brown eyes, I started to become aroused again. I figured I'd better get to my friends before I changed my mind. As I opened the door, he grabbed me from behind and pulled me back. He reached under my dress and slipped his fingers up into my panties, where they quickly found my love tunnel. I giggled and tried half-heartedly to struggle away from him as he tantalized my clit. He released me, smiled, and said, "You'd better go." 

I made my good-byes short because I couldn't wait to get back to Armand. We'd arranged for a limo to the airport, and it was time to head to the lobby to go. He took my hand as we walked down the hall to the elevator. I couldn't resist pulling him in for a kiss. He squeezed me tight against him and the juices began flowing from my slit again. When we separated, an elderly man walked past and winked at Armand. 

The lobby was full of people bustling about, checking out, waiting for cabs. As we walked through them, Armand moved his arm up from my waist and squeezed my breast. I moved his hand away playfully, and whispered, "People will see." Then I grabbed his crotch and felt his hard cock through his jeans. We practically tumbled into the limo in our eagerness to get at each other. I quickly closed the window to the driver as Armand tore off my clothes. The animal magnetism between us took over. He pushed me back on the seat and sucked at my wet pussy. He slapped my ass a few times. I had never felt such hot passion and I clawed at his back and arms. I moaned loudly as a violent orgasm overtook me. He sat up and stripped off his own clothes. I wanted him to take me doggie style and positioned myself for it. He plunged his rock-hard cock into me and began thrusting violently. My clit had barely stopped throbbing and the nectar was still dripping down my thighs, so it didn't take long for me to come again. Suddenly, he pulled out, gave my pussy a gentle slap, and pushed me down on the seat. I rolled onto my back and opened my legs for him. He penetrated me again as I scraped my nails down his back. As another orgasm overtook me, he positioned his cock over me and let his cum erupt onto my breasts and tummy. I massaged it into my boobs and then brought my cum-covered finger to my mouth to taste him again. We scarcely had time to pull ourselves together and get dressed before arriving at the airport. I hated to see Armand leave. He kissed me good-bye. I clung to him for a moment. "Would you like to accompany me to a twenty-fifth wedding anniversary next month?" I asked.

"Of course."

"I'll call you with the date."

I watched him until he was out of sight, then went to the parking lot to retrieve my car for the drive home. Armand didn't need to know that there was no anniversary celebration. That would be my secret.