 My cock feels soft, gentle caresses. Slowly, it is sucked into a mouth. I break our kiss. I look over the shoulder of my son’s girlfriend, and see a surprise. Quietly, my 28 year old secretary has come in the office, drawn by the loud love making, and knowing that I love to be sucked clean after making love, has stripped her clothes off. She wants to pleasure me while I finish with Sharon. She is randy, wanting to share in the next round of sex, and is willing to begin now.

Sharon stiffens, looks at my distraction. Surprised, embarrassed, and not knowing what to do. “Oh shit” is her response. I draw her back to my kisses while Vickee drops to my cock, and takes it completely down her throat, washing me clean. Suddenly, Sharon becomes rigid. I look down our bodies. While sucking my cock, Vickee has reached to Sharon, and inserted two fingers into her open cunt. 

The next few minutes will be long! Where will it go? 

I continue to kiss Sharon. My mind is racing! I have, in all my 51 years, never participated in a threesome. And it may be unfolding before me.

Vickee, my admin assistant for the past 4-years, is one of the amazon ladies we dream about. I would like to compare her to Linda Carter, of Wonder Woman fame. Tall at 6’1”, I guessed 145 lbs, athletic, shoulder length red hair, light complexion, and just plain gorgeous. When she first applied for my admin position, I was struck how pretty she was. We had chatted, laughed, and had fun in the interview. And most importantly, she was qualified! It was, I must say, the easiest decision to hire this young lady.

As my relationship grew with Vickee, she had become very valuable to me with her amazing understanding of the real estate development business. She was first an employee, with all the potential to learn and become involved with me as she wanted. Between her, my attorney, and my lead operations guy, we made a tight little successful company.

Long, tall and lithe, Vickee could take away your breath just looking at her. Sinfully endowed, and legs that went al the way up, Vickee could make a gunny sack look good. I found over a short period of time, that I was drawn to this young lady more than I realized. And, I think, she also felt a bond growing between us. I was definitely careful, I did not want a sexual harassment suit filed. But the tension was growing. She would dress in professional attire, but with a hint of sexuality. And often I would get the impression that more was available, but it stayed on a strictly professional basis.

As my business grew with a major project in Dallas, I began to travel there often, a day or two a week to oversee my minion and control my project. I purchased a luxury condo in downtown to stay in my visits. If I had to travel, at least I could do was avoid hotels. And after the 9/11 attack, I had purchased a nice corporate GIV SP for my use. I hated to wait at the airport. So, with no additional expense, I started to invite Vickee to travel with me occasionally. With the communications capability of the plane, and having a base from which to operate in Dallas, it made sense for her to tag along. Plus, she was great company. I also hated to go to a nice dinner by myself. So in addition to having the company, it made great business sense.

They have ongoing studies now regarding the corporate marriage of individuals that work closely together. The relationships get just like an old married couple, without the sexual relationship. More reports of this type of relationship made the Wall Street Journal on September 24, 2003 this week. Well, I believe that Vickee and I began this relationship. We grew closer and closer. And it was not a bad thing. She stayed at the condo with me, the place had 3-bedrooms and 3-baths. We were not bumping into each other, and again, the company was great.

Our physical relationship started about 15 months after she came to work with me. We were in Dallas for a couple of days on business, at the condo. I remember it was a Tuesday evening. We had worked hard into late late evening Monday and began early again Tuesday morning, hit the airport, boarded the plane to fly to Dallas.

We were both exhausted. My plane seats 12 passengers comfortably. One area in the back is partitioned off and has a 4 person divan, and can fold down to provide a sleep space should a nap be required. Since the flight is only slightly more than 2-hours, a quick nap is all you can get. Dog tired, we were both nodding off quickly when the flight began. Although comfortable chairs, rest is fractured and must be done in cat naps. Less than satisfying. I offered Vickee the divan to rest. Admittedly, she did jump at the chance to rest.

I set up the divan to accommodate her, and returned to my seat. I sent her to the back of the plane, and continued my drowsy ride to Dallas. It was just a short period of time, I heard Vickee calling for me to come back to her. Nothing urgent, but needed my assistance. When I got there, she had on a large T-shirt over her body, covered her down to the bottom of her ass and not much more. Great, tanned legs were visible below the T-shirt. She was lying on her stomach, hair pulled back in a pony tail, propped up on her elbows. Very inviting. And the T-shirt wrapped just around her shapely ass. It was an incredible sight!

“Yes dear” I said jokingly. “What can I do for you?”

“I was just thinking about how nice it would be to get a good backrub” she replied. “Interested?”

Well, you could have knocked me over with a feather. Interested, hell! I was extremely interested. And to keep my cool, I said “Sure”.

She stretched back out, flat on her stomach, hands crossed beneath her face, looking at me. “Come on” she said, “this in not a long flight” and chuckled. I quickly moved to the side and sat down on the divan. Gingerly, I reached out to her back, and began to run her shoulders. Slowly, I massaged, kneaded, and moved my hand around her back. With each caress, she moaned softly. This was about the most erotic scene I could imagine, a nearly undressed 24-year old young lady, comfortable enough to have me rubbing her back at 41,000 feet. 

I continued my massage of her body. Each time I rubbed up, the T-shirt would ride up on her ass. I would try to peak at her globes, wanting to touch them, and feel the softness. I refrained! My fingers ached to touch them. My cock began to think on its own, and began to chub. I thought to myself, stupid cock! I tried to see her panties, but none were visible. Each time, I would push the T-shirt back down, but it was annoying. And continuity was lost in the backrub. She could tell that I was not sure what to do about the T-shirt. She lifted her head, and told me to relax, and pull the T-shirt up out of the way if I needed. She was interested in a great backrub, and a T-shirt was not going to be the cause of a delay.

She lifted her ass off the divan, and pulled the T-shirt up to just below her breast level. I reached to pull the back up as well. Without prior knowledge, I let out a soft very audible moan. She had a thong on, and the cheeks of her ass were in view. Beautiful, soft, rounded cheeks. I slid my hand to the bare skin of the small of her back, and began to give her a backrub again. Up her back, shoulders, nape of the neck, on the back of the head just below the pig tail. Audible moans escaped her mouth as well.

Now understand, I was sitting sideways to her, twisting my torso around to give her a good backrub. Not uncomfortable, but I could do better if I were straddling her, and using both hands. My cock chubbed again. I kicked off my shoes. “Hold still” I told her, and positioned one knee beside her. I swung the other leg over her, and positioned my crotch just below her ass. I lowered myself to her thighs, putting just enough weight for her to feel me. I leaned forward, placing both hands on the small of her back, fingers to the side of her torso, and began to rub her back. My mind said to travel down, feel the softness of her ass. Bad mind! Down boy! My hands traveled up her spine and sides of her body, firmly, yet gently enough that I could hear her breath exhale with my pressure, and inhale when I moved back slightly to start again. 

I began to wish I had on other clothes, my dockers were not the most comfortable of items to be wearing. And with my chub, it was just plain uncomfortable. But I would not wish to stop. This was too erotic. As I leaned forward to begin massaging her shoulders, my crotch area pressed against her ass. She had to feel my chub. I could not hide it, and with its size, it was beginning to tent my dockers. I continued to rub her shoulders, wanting to feel her ass as I pressed forward gently.

“Mmmmmmmmmm” escaped her lips. My mind is racing 90-miles and hour. God I thought, is that for the backrub or my slight pressure on her ass. I continued to massage her back and shoulders, without taking my crotch too far from her ass. I was getting braver by the inch, ah... minute I mean. My massage began to move down the sides of her body. Fingers feeling the softness of her lower underarm area, sides of her tits flattened against the divan. I put pressure on my fingertips, letting them move the sides of her tits, massaging the firmness gently but trying to create and urgency in her body for more. Then it happened.

I swear, she tilted her ass up as much as she could given that I was straddling her. Without a word, she wiggled her butt beneath me. Frozen, almost not breathing, I wanted to make sure what I felt. Sitting back, moving my hands down her back, I followed her spine down to the small of her back. Brazenly, I moved my hands lower. I was now beginning to massage the tops of her cheeks. Gently, firmly, I continued down. Now I had those beautiful cheeks of her ass beneath my hands, my fingers down the sides, gently massaging, hands feeling the firmness, softness. My cock definitely jumped in my shorts. She raised her ass up to meet my hands. I started moving my hands back up her body. I reached her breast level, and planted my hands on the divan beside her body.  I arched forward, putting a lot of pressure on her ass with my crotch. My cock could be felt, without a doubt now. She moaned again. She raised her ass, and wiggled it beneath me. 

I am not stupid. I believed this to be a real sign of intent. And not to waste time, I reached down to the hip bone with one hand, and pulled her back against my hardness and pumped my hips against her ass. Laying down beside her, and pulling her to her side, I began to kiss her neck and shoulders. She tilted her head, giving me better access to the nape of her neck. Slowly, I kissed her neck, moving around, feeling the softness. Nipping gently, my hand reached around her to her full breast. Taking it in my hand, thumb and index finger found her nipple. Hard, sticking straight out, the nipple begged for attention. Rolling it gently between them, I began to fondle her tit with firmness. She responded with a loud moan. My hand left her tit, and moved down her body, over her ribs, down her tummy, to the hip bone. Grabbing her hip bone gently, I pulled her ass back against me again. Sliding my hand forward, I reached beneath the thong into her pubic hair. Downward! She raised her leg, and my fingers found their target.

Her pussy was wet. Her cunt was slippery, soft, and ready for me to play. My fingertip parted the lips, and another moan escaped her lips. I began to rub her clit back and forth, gently, but with urgency. Her legs widened again. I started to turn her over to her back, never missing a beat in fingering her clit. Her eyes looked deeply into mine. I saw a perfect moment in her eyes. This was the time. This was the place we should be now. I continued my caress of her clit. I moved my head down to her tit. Gently, I sucked her nipple into my mouth, holding it with my teeth, flicking the nipple with my tongue to match the timing of my finger on her clit. She held her breath, and let a big sigh come forth from deep inside her. I moved my mouth slowly to the other tit. She reached up to her tit, and pushed it to my mouth. I took this nipple into my mouth the same way, holding the nipple between my teeth, and flicking the nipple with my tongue. I sucked as much tit into my mouth as I could. I continued to play with her clit. And I never even removed her thong. All this underneath her thong. 

My finger on her clit slowed, and moved down to her hole. Teasingly, the finger tip entered her. Slowly, in and out, her hips arched to meet my finger. Back to her clit, I again began to rub the hard little nub. And the attention to her clit was having an impact on her breathing as well. Short gasps of breath, hold, and then more short gasps until she held her breath again. She grabbed my head, pulling me to her tits. Instinctively, I gobbled one tit into my mouth, sucking wildly on the tit and nipple. Gently nipping, I moved my mouth around the globe, kissing, nipping, sucking. And back to the nipple. My finger would tease her hole, reach down to the back of her hole just above her ass. Wet with her juices, my finger slid easily in and out of her pussy, never more than the first knuckle. I wanted to make her cum. She needed to cum now. My finger moved back to her clit, and began to rub again with intent to make her cum now. Faster, directed, my finger continued its assault on her clit. Breath shorter, gasps, body arching, I moved her toward a climax.

“Oh God, please don’t stop” she exclaimed. “Oh God, Oh God, Oh God”. That is all I heard from her for the next several seconds. Then, without more warning, she came. And boy did she cum. She arched her body, and pressed herself tightly against me. I inserted my finger deeply into her cunt. The air came out of her, she screamed again, “Oh God, Oh God, Oh God”. It was fantastic. I began to pump my finger in and out of her cunt. Fast, faster, slow, and slower, I continued my play with her cunt. Gently, I began to rub her clit again. Talk about surprise, she tensed, held her breath, and came again. Now she was a wild woman. Bucking against my fingers, I inserted two fingers deep into her pussy. She froze, and began to move her hips, fucking my fingers. It was so erotic!!

And we still had about 40 minutes left in our flight to Dallas.

I removed my fingers from her dripping cunt, and pulled her close to me. My arms encircled her, pulling her tight against me. Slowly, her hand moved down my body, and found my cock. Gently, she rubbed my cock through my dockers. I was afraid that I would cum, but refrained. She pulled at my belt buckle. 

“Your turn boss” is all she said. Pushing me to my back, she sat up, unbuckled my pants, opened my fly, reached and pulled down my briefs enough for my cock to stare at her. She reached to grasp my tool. Her hand was small compared to my size. She seemed startled, and reached both hands to my tool. 

“Oh my God” she said, “I never imagined that it was this big”. She pulled it straight out from my body. Lowering herself, she took the head between her lips, sucking the precum off, licking the head with her tongue. I pulled her ass toward my face. I wanted to taste her while she bobbed on me. She stopped, pulled down her thong, and moved to remove it. Then she tugged at my pants and shorts, pulling them off as well. I still had my polo on, and she her T-shirt. She straddled my face. 

Just then, the pilot announced that we were about 20-minutes from landing.

“Just lie there” she said as she again lowered her face to my cock. Grasping it with both hands, she pulled it to her mouth. Parting her lips, opening her mouth, she inserted the mushroom head into her mouth. Sucking gently, I could feel her licking the head from side to side. With a slight pull back, she licked her lips, and lowered again to begin swallowing my cock. It was now a challenge for her. She wanted to take as much as she could down her throat. My body arched, trying to give her more access to my cock. I reached to her, and pulled her pussy down to my waiting tongue. Having cum twice quickly, she was still sensitive to my tongue. Gently, I sucked her lips into my mouth. Reaching the clit, I took it between my teeth, holding it firmly, I started flicking my tongue over her sensitive clit. And it got her, she moved her pussy down on my face, trying to drive my face up her cunt I think. But what a great pussy. I began to stick my tongue deep into her pussy, back to her clit, deep into her pussy, and back to her clit. My hands reached around her legs, each hand grabbing a cheek of her ass, pulling her cheeks apart gently. When I pulled back, I could see her asshole, cunt, and those beautiful cheeks. Again, I would bury my face in her cunt, licking, sucking, and just playing.

I could feel her working on my cock even more now. I had focused on her cunt and clit, but now my nuts were telling me that my time was getting close. I do not know about how much she was taking down her throat, but it was working! I literally stopped sucking her cunt, and she knew she had me. Jacking me with her hands, pulling my cock into her mouth, she sucked deeply. I could feel the monster slide down her throat. And I knew it was deep. I began to fuck her face, arching my hips in rhythm with her motions.

I buried my face deep in her cunt, driving my tongue as deep as it would go. I wanted to scream. I was ready. The time was now! I began my orgasm. I could feel Vickee pulling on my cock and balls. She knew it was about to explode down her throat. And she wanted it All of it. She sucked hard, pulling my cum from my cock, and swallowing every drop she could get. One, two, three gigantic spurts filled her mouth. She swallowed each one, and came back for more. Grinding her pussy on my face, I felt her hesitate, and begin her own orgasm on my face. It was an incredible experience!!

Our orgasms slowed, we lay together breathless, intertwined, my tongue gently teasing her clit occasionally, her mouth sucking softly the smaller cock head. Tasting all that was left. We rested. 

We did not even talk about it. It was good, part of our togetherness, and we assumed we would continue with our new relationship. Tonight would be the first of many fucking sessions that could sear paint off the walls. But more on that in the future.

Prepare for landing came over the speaker from the pilot.

Quickly, we got dressed, and prepared for landing. 

Over the next nearly 3-years, we have had many, many experiences together. While not exclusive, our relationship is very, very close, and we really do not play to much outside without the others approval. Now, this does include telling the other about the experience in great detail. Our love making could not get much better.

Many times, we have talked about he possibility of having a lady join us in our lovemaking. She would love to experience making love to a lady, and have me with her during this time. Just for a new experience.

So when I felt her softly cleaning my cock after Sharon had ridden it so successfully, I was not surprised. However, I had no idea about what Sharon would do. Now that Vickee stuck two fingers into Sharon’s open cunt, I was still not sure where it would go, but I had a feeling.

More to come. I will actually tell what happened with Sharon in the next installment.