 Stress...that's what the doctor had said. Stress was to blame for the pain he had and for the headaches, stomach aches, etc. George needed some R & R. Beth booked a spa/hotel she had been looking at and before he knew it they were there. 

After they checked in and settled down, Beth led him to the bath she had poured and helped him to get undressed. 

George relaxed in the tub and tried to think about nothing. He finally strained to get up and dry himself off. He wrapped up in the hotel's terry robe and opened the door into darkness. 

Beth took his hand and guided him into the room. She took off his robe and helped him lie face down on a table. The table war covered with a warm gel of some sort that seemed to mold to him and float him only a few millimeters off of the surface. His face rested in a hole which allo0wed him to breath easily. Beth (or someone) placed a soft silk blindfold over his eyes and tied it comfortably behind his ears. He saw nothing. Soon a pair of headphones were placed on his head and he heard nothing. 

He waited. 

He felt hands on his back, warm and strong, professional hands. They kneaded his muscles, relaxing him more and more. He lost himself in the massage, lost time and eventually fell asleep. 

She was glad he had rolled over before falling into a light sleep. Beth carefully placed the extra wide cuffs on his wrists. The gel inside held him firmly yet comfortably in place. She moved to his feet and placed the restraints there. She smiled to herself when this was done. While he might be angry, what she had in store for him would be more than worth it. 

George awoke to nothing. 

He remembered having a blindfold and reached to pull it off but his arm would not move. He tried his legs but they were stuck too. There was no sound, no smell, not feeling and total darkness. He struggled a little but realized he was held fast. 

While he waited straining to hear or see something his senses became heightened. He knew he would eventually feel something but did not know what or where. Then it came.

The first light touch was something soft and pliable, barely there. It made his skin jump as it crept from his ankle up to his thigh slowly. Then it disappeared. He waited for what seemed like a long time until something hard and cold touched his wrist and slowly moved up his arm. He strained to feel it more. He began to long for something but did not know what. 

Waiting...

This touch was soft and wet, a tongue? It touched his hip with the lightest possible touch then moved down his thigh. He felt his cock jump with the erotic touch then flop back onto his leg as the touch disappeared. Again, he waited for something. 

He smelled something now, something familiar, musky then he felt wet lips on his face and breathed deep the smell of her sex and strained his tongue to touch her but it was gone. 

Waiting, his senses became more heightened, the air conditioner kicked on tin the room and he felt the hairs on his legs move. He was attuned perfectly as he anticipated the next movement. He felt her approach an instant before the explosion of sensation on his thigh. A tongue glided up his thigh; the sensation was nearly overwhelming. His cock jumped again but stayed hard this time as a moan escaped his lips. Finger nails followed the tongue causing a whole new set of sensations. 

Then it stopped. He waited. 

Alive with anticipation, his cock throbbing with his heartbeat, he waited. 

Hands slowly caressing his feet, up his calves to his thighs. Tender, soft, sensuous and all so incredibly hot. The then hands gently cupped his balls as he gasped in pleasure. Soft finger tips touched the pre cum dripping from his cock. He very nearly came from just the single touch but it disappeared an instant too soon. He found himself waiting again. 

Air touched the back and insides of his thighs and he heard something happening to the table he was on. He felt a slight movement then knew that a part that was there was gone. Some piece between his legs now allowed air flow to his thighs and his ass. His balls were no longer held up by the table. His cock throbbed again at their movement. He waited. 

Hands, not slick with something stroked his thighs and massaged them closer and closer. Then something wet was poured on his cock and it flowed, warm and wet, down between his balls to his ass creating a very sensual sensation but one her felt capable of controlling. That is until the hand followed it and stroked once down his hard cock, caressed his balls and circled his now slick ass. A finger touched his hole and circled the rim. He moaned almost a "no" but his cock twitched in a resounding "yes" as the finger penetrated him. 

He tried to squeeze the finger out but that only made the pleasure that much stronger. Soon he found himself responding to it. No longer capable of resistance, he welcomed it. The finger pushed deeper and deeper. Each movement ecstasy and torture to his throbbing cock. Then as it found the mark and touched his prostate he gasped in pleasure and surprise. 

Before he could fully react something hot and wet engulfed his throbbing cock. A mouth and tongue swallowed him as the finger coaxed an orgasm to churn deep within him. There was no longer a hope of control, he gave in to the warm feeling boiling from his deepest reaches. 

His balls tightened, his toes curled, every muscle strained in assistance to the orgasm wave rising up. The second stroke of the mouth rising up then back down while pleasurable was completely unnecessary. Pre cum flowed hot and fast from his cock as the first spasms made it to her mouth. He began to cum, so fast and hard she swallowed quickly to keep up with its volume as he screamed in pleasure, bucking his hips in time to the spasms. He came fast and hard until he was spent. 

He moaned and moved away to stop the sensations of her mouth and finger but she would not stop. He thrashed trying to get away but could not and still she would not stop. The first few seconds were almost a panic as the sensation was too much still she would not stop. He begged her, pleading with her to stop but she did not hear him. 

Then he felt it deep within. He finger massaging in and out of his ass while her tongue worked with her mouth up and down. Her free hand stroking his thighs and inexplicably another wave began to rise. This one would not be contained. It was hard and fast rising in animalistic intensity fro within his soul. Every muscle in his body tightened as the orgasm built so quickly that the first throb was a surprise even to her.  

Then he came like never before thrashing, screaming, moaning filling her mouth to overflowing as she had to move off from the violence of it. She pulled out her finger which only aided it. 

She stepped back and watched as his second orgasm in a row racked his body with pleasure spewing his cum in the air in mighty torrents. 

He gasped one last time and fell to sleep. 

She marveled at her handiwork and set about releasing him and cleaning him up without waking him.