 Here I am, next you, both lying naked. Lying on our sides, you leaning against me, feeling my warmth all

along your back. My penis resting on your soft buttocks, just twitching occasionally to remind you it's there. My left arm under body, my hand idly fondling your left breast. My right hand is wondering your right side, up and down your body, stroking, smoothing, a soft touch. My mouth buried in your neck, kissing you, little kisses, lips just caressing your tender skin... 

All my touches are light, fleeting... Slowly sensitising you, making you want more, making each touch feel more electric than the last.... My right hand sometimes leaves your body, now fondling your hip, gone, the lightest touch on your breast, a firmer touch, and gone again to gently graze your tummy... Moving downward to your pussy, but stopping and moving in a new direction.. Moving around your aureole, threatening your nipple but always retreating before it's touched...

My lips on your neck, little touches up and down it's length. Gentle caresses on your soft skin... Sometimes my tongue flicks out, lizard like, a touch, a circle, a dab... The tip of my nose running round your neck, gently tracing the contours, lightly, hardly being felt, pushing behind your ear.... Inhaling your fragrance, hair, shampoo, perfume, you... Heady vapours intoxicating my mind...

I'm loving the feeling of you, the smell of you, the warmth of you... The smoothness of your skin, your feminine shape.... It's exciting my senses, enrousing my passion, I want to go faster, but no, this is for you... My penis, now in it's warm sheath between your buttocks... Each time I twitch it against you, waves of please seethe through my groin. Now I'm forcing it against you, a single point of solid pressure...

I nibble your earlobe, run my tongue behind it... My right hand runs down your thigh, tickles behind your knee, then up your other thigh... Again, I skirt your centre, I feel your hips rise slightly, but I've moved on... My left hand still on your breast, fingers lightly running round its under side, running up and over, just grazing your aureole, but missing your nipple... You twitch in it's passing...

Now I'm seeing what I'm after... Movements in anticipation... Your body moving, trying to make me touch where you want... Rising to my touch, trying to increase the pressure of my contact... My penis now trying to bore into you... becoming the focus of your attention... Your juices beginning to flow, moistening your lips...

Now I pull you across me, not what you expected, lying on your back on top of me. Your head lying back over my left shoulder, my penis now between your legs, running up and down your slit as we move... Not entering you, just parting your lips, spreading your moisture, contacting your clit... 

In this position your body becomes mine, it's as though we are one body... My hands have free reign,

running up and down your sides... Over your tummy, down to the top of your thighs... up your body to your breasts, cupping your breasts, just as you would... My face is still buried in your neck and shoulder, kissing more earnestly now... My lips always in contact with your body, sometimes kissing, sometimes licking, occasional little nips... And as your body moves, the feeling of my penis rubbing along your moistened slit...

Now I start to build... With my hands already cupping your breasts, my thumbnails graze each nipple, both together, already erect, the sensation is electric... Your body shudders above me, your crotch grinds into my dick... I flick yours nips backward and forward, sometimes together, sometimes alternately... My face still pressed into your neck... Nipping more fiercely now, little points of pleasure-pain... My hands, squeezing your breast, holding them captive, thumbs still catching your nips...

My right hand now moves down your stomach, firmly smoothing it's way to your crotch, and stops... Your hips rise desperately trying to make the contact.... A pause as I tease you for the last time, then electric, I firmly stroke your clitoris. Your head thrusts back over my shoulder against my mouth still pressed into your neck.... My hand moves on downward, always pressing into your clit, fingers parting your already soaking lips, sliding into you, circling, stirring... And then back up now fingertips over your hot button... Massaging, circling, petting... round and round, massaging your juices back into you.... Your hips now writhing in time to my ministrations, my penis sliding along the length of your slit as you move... Mouth biting into your hairline, left hand squeezing and pinching your nipple...

As you and orgasm close I push you off... Now I'm on my knees between your legs, I bend forward and run my tongue along your length, bottom to top, relishing your taste, your woman's fragrance... A quick circle of your clit, I look up, and staring into your eyes I move forward toward you... Now resting on my arms, still staring into your eyes, lost in your sex glow beauty, my dick contacts your outer lips... I watch your eyes close, I feel your hips rise. My hips counter yours, control, I want to thrust, I think you do too... But no. Slowly I feed it to you... Watching you face, watching the contortions as I slowly enter you... 

Then it begins, slowly at first, my hips circling, moving myself within you... Stirring your pussy, moving in and out... My head moving down and nibbling your nipples... Slowly my movements speed up, your hips pacing with mind, two organs, unity of motion... In and out, corkscrewing as I go... Getting faster as I go... Meeting you thrust for thrust... Your hand goes to your clit, winding yourself further....

Pistoning now, solid rhythm, no control for circles, natures own movements... In and out, stroking your being, stoking your fire... Gliding on your silky lubrications, encased in the satin softness of your engorged labia... Pistoning faster... Keeping the rhythm, close to my limit... You too I think,Your movements more ragged now, animal, instinct, riding the passion. I collapse off my arms... No longer happy to just watch, my mouth hungry to taste yours... Gluing mine over yours, tongues battling, and still my dick pounding into you...

No longer...

I've hit no return...

Your hips bucking also...

I see your eyes screwed shut...

Your tongue forced into my mouth...

I feel your hand frantically diddling your clit...

It's now, it's gotta be now. I loose it, hips bucking frantically, you scream, the damn has broken... Filling you, spewing my whole being through my dick into you... I am my penis, nothing else... Buried to the hilt, forcing me into you, we're melded, all one, together... You, head thrust back, noise, screams, eyes closed, body bucking, both hands now pulling me into you... I'm revelling in your pleasure... building my own... still thrusting, no rhythm, sporadic, whole body lost......

And I'm coming down... Sinking down into you... Aware again of your skin, your body, beneath me, not just penis... Still moving control, gentle movement within you, I'm kissing you, coming down, melding again, post coital satisfaction... Thankyou, thankyou, I sooooo much wanted to do that for you...