 AUTHOR'S NOTE: Serendipity - Moving Day Part 2

Finally finished the Ex's fault series, and thank you for your votes.

This is the series that spawned that 'short' series. It has many twists and turns for every one.

Many thanks go to RF-Fast for his editing and suggestions that enhanced the story. Any bad grammar left is wholly on me.

LEGALESE: Don't read this if you are underage, if it is illegal in your area, if it is offensive to you, or if you cannot distinguish fiction from reality. This is a work of fiction. All characters active are 18 years of age or older.

Copyright (c) 2014 by Acup

02

Before I left Tiffany's I gave Nicole a call to let her know I was on my way.

"I'm already for you, but I need a wrench to take the bed apart. Do you have a tool I can use?" Now was that a come on or just a question?

"I have a full toolbox just in case."

"OH GOODY! I'll see you in a little bit.

I slid the ramp up and closed the back of the truck and headed to Nicole's place.

******************

Hi, I'm Nicole. A little about me... very little. You see I'm only 5'1" tall and 100 lbs. soaking wet, 28AA-25-27. I've got the hourglass, just not the tits to go with it. I get my chocolate color from my dad and my size from my momma. Daddy is a big strapping black soldier man, and momma is a little Korean woman he met while serving in the war. So here I am a petite chocolate woman, no afro and no tits! Now the no afro is OK because I don't have to mess with the straighteners and stuff. Hell I don't have enough pussy hair to even need shaving but every month or so, but it would have been nice to have some tits to go along with my color. 

I mean the only reason I'm even an AA is because my nipples and areola stand out more than an inch from my little tits. Some guys have even said I got more nipple than tits. I try to hide them a little with heavy supper padded B cup bras, I call them my iron cups. But when I start to get serious enough to get naked with a guy, it usually turns out bad when they see my non-existent tits. A few have stuck around for a while to watch me walk around the apartment in my tank tops braless and nipples standing out like I'm in the frozen food section. 

I love to feel them move around inside my tops. I even kinda like the feeling of them snuggled inside my padded satiny AA bras, but let them loose around guys and they don't stick around long. Most guys love looking down my top long enough for me to get their cock down my throat. And I LOVE getting a cock down my throat. I didn't get much for tits, but I got absolutely NO gag reflex. The first time I sucked a cock I wondered what the big deal was, just open up and swallow. Now I know, but most guys never get past my tits to find out. Even though I like to suck cock, I'm not a cock crazy slut who'll drop to her knees anytime just to get one.

So here we are, the girls and I finally decided to get an apartment closer to town, and today is moving day. Danny is on his way and I'm ready for him, in more ways than one. I've got everything packed except the bed and frame, I even kept a large suitcase packed with enough for a few days so I don't have to go digging right away. I know Mickey said no bras or underwear, but I hope I've got a fair exchange. I put on one of my iron cup bras with a little bump that kinda looks like a nipple under my tank top. I made up for it with the shortest skirt I've got, pulled up so the only way it covers my bare pussy is if I stand still. And the girls around Mickey's place hinted he's not bad around a pussy. Maybe I'll find out! Too many guys want a blow job but won't eat pussy, what hypocrites! 

************

So I pull up to Nicole's place and back the truck in. It's a ground floor walk out, so it's either going to be up the ramp or lift gate time. I knock on the door and this little pixie opens up in a tank top and short skirt. As usual I look over her head and ask "Is your mom home little girl?" getting a dirty look and a punch in the shoulder.

"Little girl my ass! You wouldn't know a real woman if she jumped you in the hallway!"

"Aww Nicole, you know I love picking on you. You about ready to start loading the truck?" I ask looking down at her legs wondering just how short her skirt really is.

"I have everything ready except the bed and frame." She says as she waves her hand across the apartment.

Oh hell. She doesn't have a room full of boxes, she has a room full of wardrobe boxes. No stacking these babies up assuming she didn't just get the biggest boxes she could and dump stuff into them.

"Mickey said you had a lot of boxes, she just never said WARDROBE boxes. I'm going to have to take yours and Tiffany's stuff over before I can go pick her stuff up. Might even have to get her stuff tomorrow. How heavy did you pack them?", I asked dreading the worst. I opened the top of one and was pleasantly surprised. "You actually used them the way they were supposed to be used instead of just dumping things into them."

"Hey, just because I work at the Boutique doesn't mean I'm an air head. I used to be an assistant manager at the Big Box store before they closed."

"Oh yeah," I laughed, "I thought some of this looked familiar. You work at the one in the South Mall. The place with the extra discount and all the nipples standing out."

"Typical guy, can't keep one woman's store separate from another!"

"No, I know the place. A buddy of mine's wife works at the one in the Crossroads mall. You get an extra 10% off clothes you wear there as uniforms. And they don't mind the girls letting their nipples stand out like the mannequins. Speaking of which, aren't you a little out of uniform for today," I said as I looked down at her obviously bra covered tits. The lace very obvious under the thin top. I mean they weren't that big, but a deal is a deal as far as I was concerned. 

"But I'm not wearing any underwear!" lifting up her skirt to show me, and holding it just a little bit longer than necessary to try to take my mind off her tits. All it did was give me a good start on another hard on. That was a surprise after this morning. Damn that skirt was short!

"That's not what I'm talking about and you know it. Mickey said no underwear, AND NO BRAS. You're not going to back out now, I mean how would you get all this moved today?"

"You'd do that to me just to get a look at my tits?"

"Hey, a deal's a deal, and besides I like tits in all shapes, especially if they have nice nipples!" Nicole started squirming around, looking at all the boxes and then looking down at her chest. Back and forth trying to make up her mind until she finally came to a decision.

"OK, but just remember you get what you asked for!" as she began to reach up inside her top to undo her bra.

"Hold on there a second. You go through all this and then think you're going to just slip it off under you top. I don't think so. There has to be a penalty for not playing by the rules. The top comes off, the bra comes off, I get at least a little look at those beauties, and then you can put your top back on. Then we can get back to loading the truck."

"WHAT!!!!"

"Hey like you said, I just want to get a look at your tits, and you're the one that tried to 'skirt' the rules", I say with a grin.

Nicole fidgeted some more and finally gave in. "Just remember you asked for it." She peeled her top off and tossed it on a box beside her. She hesitated for a moment and then went to the clasp between the cups, hesitated again looking at me for one last chance. I nodded to her and then in resignation she unclipped and slipped the bra off her shoulders.

She stood there topless for a second before it sank in. There wasn't a B cup under there, I'm not even sure they were even an A, BUT WHAT NIPPLES!!! They were at least ¾" long if not an inch and as big around as my little finger and sitting on top of a little pillow of areola, almost half of her tits. Just made for licking and nibbling. Why would anyone hide those beauties. "Absolutely delicious." I said softly.

Nicole started to bring her top back up to put it on, and instead brought it down to cover her chest and asked, "What did you say?"

"I said absolutely delicious, they are perfect for nibbling on and sucking."

"Yea right, all I got is nipples, no tits!"

"I know, but that doesn't make them any less delicious!"

"You're serious?" she said with an 'are you out of your mind' look.

"Nicole, I just about came in my pants when I realized what you've been hiding. If you don't believe me check for yourself."

She walked closer dropping one hand to reach for my crotch to check my hard on trying to bust out of my shorts. In doing so she let the tank top slip a little and it was just barely hanging on a nipple. "I guess you really do like them."

I just looked at her and then down to the barely covered nipple. She watched me slowly reach out to uncover it, and then lean forward to take it and most of her right tit into my mouth in one swallow.

"OH GOD I'LL GIVE YOU AN HOUR TO QUIT THAT!!!"

I finished pulling the top down without any resistance, wrapped my other hand around her back and sat back on a box pulling her onto my lap without letting go of her tit. I could feel the heat of her pussy through my shorts as she held onto my neck and ground it into my cock. That freed up my other hand to cup her other tit while I continued sucking and nibbling the first one. Pulling back to suck and stretch just the nipple and nip at the tip before pushing as much into my mouth as possible. After a few minutes and a lot of squirming from Nicole, I switched tits and gave the other one equal treatment. You've got to be fair and not neglect one, right guys? After about the fourth or fifth nibble on the tip of her nipple she started to shudder and the groaning got louder. "I'M CUMMING!"

"Now was that worth getting rid of your bra?"

"Yeah, but now I'm not sure I can walk."

"The bed still made up?"

"No, but the comforter is lying beside it."

I grabbed her butt and lifted her as I stood. She wrapped her arms and legs around me and plastered those nipples into my chest as I carried her to the bedroom. God she was light, I think I had tool boxes heavier than her. While walking to the bedroom I started to nibble at her neck which just made her clamp her legs even tighter. I laid her back on the bed and got to some serious kissing while I groped her tits and rolled her nipples between my fingers. I'd swear she was trying to suck my tongue out of my mouth. "I'm getting thirsty, know where I can get something to drink around here?" I asked with a mischievous smile.

"I think I know just the place," as she raised her hips and slid her skirt down leaving her in just her tennis shoes and socks. As she spread her legs, her pussy spread slightly on it's own like an invitation.

Man what a sight, a nice milk chocolate woman and a juicy pink pussy just waiting to be eaten. The contrast of my hands sliding down her smooth thighs was almost more than I could take. Her breathing was getting faster as my hands got closer to her pussy. "Ooooo" and she jumped as I started to spread her farther with my thumbs.

Nicole hooked her hands behind her knees to pull herself up and spread herself as far as she could as I looked her in the eye leaning down to her pussy. Stopping a few inches away she looked worried, but just smiled as I breathed in deeply to take in her aroma with a smile. She was so wet she was almost dripping, but I was going to make this last.

I started planting little kisses on the inside of her thigh just beyond her pussy, making her jump a little with every touch. As she was starting to whimper I leaned down, held my tongue out flat, and made a long slow pass from the bottom edge of her pussy right up to her clit, giving it a little flick at the end.

"I yi yi yi, I take it back, you can take as looong as you want!"

I began licking at one lip and then the other. Nibbling and sucking, pulling and tugging while Nicole started mewing like a cat. I shifted positions to put my middle two fingers in her to play with her G spot while my little and index finger kept her spread so I could concentrate on her clit. Evidentially this was something new to her as she went from mewing to howling like an alley cat, music to my ears. In no time she was firing off little orgasms and speaking in tongues, then came the good one. All of a sudden she let out a screech, clamped her legs around my head and her pussy started flowing. Not a true squirt, but plenty of flow to lap up until she collapsed. I licked some from the outer edge of her pussy and she jumped from the touch even passed out. Her chocolate pussy shown as if oiled... well I guess it was, just with her juices.

I slid out from between her legs and just stared at the petite chocolate beauty before me. I had never been into either black or petite women. Not that I discriminated, I had just never thought much about it. And here I was staring down at Nicole, especially those delicious nipples. I wondered what might be if I wasn't semi chasing her soon to be roommate. Assuming I hadn't just screwed that up after servicing both of them.

If I'd only known then what I knew now.

I grabbed a small towel from the top of her open suitcase and wet the corner in the sink. I came back to the bedroom to find Nicole laying on her side up on one elbow with one leg up and keeping her pussy slightly open. "See something you like?"

"I liked it a lot! And pretty tasty too!" As I wiped my face a little and then leaned in to wipe her pussy.

"There is only one problem," she said as she reached up for my cock through my shorts. "You got your desert but I haven't had mine yet." As she sat up and pulled my shorts down, and wrapped her hand around my cock.

"Be careful now, that snake spits at naughty little girls!"

"I may be little, but I'll show you girls!" and she did. She opened up and swallowed me all the way down in one stroke! Now I'm not the biggest guy around, but I'm a little bigger circumference than most and I've only had one woman that could take all of me, and then only with some working at it. Tiffany had only managed to get a little over three quarters of me in her. My knees started to give out and she swung me onto the bed on my back without letting off my cock!

"Christ girl, you could give a guy a heart attack doing that!"

"Oh but what a way to go, or do you want me to stop?" And then did it again, all the way down and then licked my balls with her throat full, popping back up with a cock eating grin on her face.

"What was that you said, 'you can take as looong as you want'"

"OK, scoot to the middle of the bed."

Never one to refuse I did as I was told, as Nicole finished removing my shorts before diving back onto my cock. She would alternate between licking and nibbling to stuffing it down her throat, to literally fucking her own throat bobbing on my cock. I gave a warning croak, "I'M GONNA CUM!" Her only response was to slip one hand under my ass and shove a finger in. That did it, I saw the moon, the stars, asteroids, comets, and any other thing you can think of as I pumped load after load into her throat as she swallowed milking my cock for all she could.

When I came back to earth I saw this naked chocolate pixie beside me. "Hey there wild thing!"

"Hey there yourself. Feeling a little bit relieved?"

"Yea, relief and exhaustion."

"Well as much as I'd like to do some more exhaustion, if we don't get a move on we're going to run out of daylight. How about we get things moved and finish up at the new place?"

"Okay." I knew it probably wasn't going to happen with Tiffany around, but you never know.

I got the two wheeler and started moving boxes out to the truck. Nicole helped as best she could, and even smiled and flashed her pussy more than was really necessary. Maybe something might happen at the new place. I know with her nipples standing out like the ultimate high beams I'd be ready and then some by the time I got to the new place. She even took her time getting the bolts from under the bed frame after taking them apart. We eventually got everything loaded. Nicole was right, buy the time we got stuff unloaded we might be using flashlights. I closed up the truck and went around front only to find Nicole climbing in the passenger side.

"OK Nicole, what's up?"

"My car is in getting a tune up and oil change. You mind me riding along to the new place." Of course as she says this she turns sideways on the seat and pulls her skirt up to just under her tits leaving the bottom hem just above her hips.

"I guess that would be OK." As I reached over and ran my finger up her juicy pussy and then licked it off.

"Oh no you don't, this isn't some cheap self-serve joint, this is a proper diner." Then she puts two fingers in her pussy, slides them in and out a few times and then brings them up to my lips to lick off. "Is that OK with you?"

"You keep that up and I may have to pull over and give you another tongue lashing"

"Uh uh uhhh, next thing in here besides my fingers is going to be full service. I need a load like I got down my throat in here." She said as she spread those chocolate lips to show a pink pussy with very purple inner lips.

"I'll drive fast!"

We got to the apartment without getting a speeding ticket somehow and raced up to the apartment... and no one was there. There was a note on the counter from Tiffany, she got called into work and would bring some friends over to help unload first thing in the morning and could we please bring in the three boxes with the red X on them and the perishables in the cooler for the frig. She'd take care of the rest in the morning.

Nicole said, "We've got the place till the morning, want to get the bed in first?", as she pulled up her top and played with her nipples.

"Sounds like a plan, but don't forget the towels."

"They're in the suitcase."

We managed to get the mattress, the hell with the frame, up the stairs and into the bedroom. As I was pushing it around Nicole ran back out for the suitcase. "Move out of the way mister!" She plopped down the suit case, stripped off all her clothes, pulled sheets and towels out of the suitcase and started putting them on the bed. "Get a move on mister, you're overdressed!"

All I could do was watch and strip as this chocolate beauty bent over in front of me putting sheets on the bed. She finished just as I was peeling my t-shirt off. She turned me and pushed me back on the bed before crawling on. "I've been waiting for this all day!" as she climbed on to me and sank her pussy down over my cock.

"Ride 'em cowgirl!" was all I could say as Nicole went for all she was worth. Doesn't seem like the kind of girl to go half measures, all I could do was hang on and enjoy. The only problem was she was short enough that I couldn't suck on her nipples while she was on top of me. I had to just lay there and play with them as this pixie rode me watching them jiggle as she bounced. I knew she was getting closer when her pussy started to quiver and her face scrunched up.

"I'M CUMMING!" was all she got out before she started shaking like she was having a seizure. Problem was her pussy was doing the same and that was all I could take. We were cumming together, over and over until we both collapsed.

I looked up at my little pixie, "Need that just a little did you?"

"More than you know, but now we either have to get the boxes out of the truck or get up too damn early to do it before Tiffany gets here."

"Man you really know how to ruin a mood. The good news is I got permission from the apartment maintenance guy to remove the railing on the balcony and back the truck up. It should be pretty close."

"And you let me help you drag the mattress up the stairs.... That's real cute mister!"
