 CATHLEEN REVISITED

I have written several stories about my affair with my Administrative Assistant which happened nearly forty years ago. Recently I was thinking about my favorite times with her and realized that I had not written about all of them. Our affair lasted four years and only one other woman ever knew about it. That was because we had a threesome with her. 

The women I was dating back then, two of them from my former company were knockouts. One blonde and one brunette who both had an appetite for sex. Eventually they both got into serious relationships and I stopped seeing them. Anyone who knew me at the time and knew my type of woman, they would never guess that I was having an affair with Cathleen. However, what they would never know or guess was the fact that she was the best sex partner ever.

Looking at her, most guys would take a pass. She was 5'5" and a fit 125 pounds. Her hair was short blonde and coarse, she hated it. Her nose looked too big for her face. All most all the time she dressed in unappealing clothes. She had a 33-28-35 figure with no boobs. Her chest had small mounds for breasts and she had a taut firm belly. The legs were shapely, toned and a bit muscular due to her aerobic classes. Then there was the ass, it was marvelous. It was round firm, shapely and flawless. The best thing of all was that she loved anal foreplay and anal sex. 

She was still married when the affair was going on but the marriage was shaky and headed for an end. Her husband was a heavy drinker and user. He was stoned more often than he was clean. He had a temper but had never been violent or abusive toward her. It was well known at his company that he was banging a chubby receptionist. Unlike Cathleen, he was not discreet.

In my previous stories, I described the different places we had sex and the type of sex we had in those places. They included the office, the car, hotels and our favorite a romantic interlude. For the most part it was oral sex in the office at first but then we got bold and she got creative which I will describe later. In the car, it was mostly oral but on occasion vaginal sex as she rode my cock. A couple of times we did anal in the back seat. 

Cathleen could suck a cock like no other woman I had ever met. She made love to my dick and often teased me prolonging my ejaculation. When she blew me in the office, it was with my cock and balls sticking out through the fly opening in my pants. Once I came in her mouth, it was my turn. She would sit in a chair with her legs resting on my shoulders. I pushed her dress up, moved her panties to the side and ate her pussy until she orgasmed.

In the hotels we did it all; oral, vaginal and anal. At the interlude, our favorite, is where the most erotic anal foreplay took place. We would be there for hours using the Jacuzzi tub and with me giving her an oily massage before anal sex. She would delay her orgasm and me my ejaculation for as long as possible. It was incredible sex and it became a weekly ritual.

We had also gone away on a get away when her husband and his cronies did a Vegas junket. It was a great time in an all-inclusive resort. We were nude most of the day and had great sex in the mornings and evenings. I have already submitted the stories describing those encounters. Now I want to share the ones that I never wrote about. 

ANAL IN THE OFFICE

Previously, I touched on some anal encounters in the office but the first one was the most memorable. We only had done oral in the office with my door locked but it was still risky. Then one day I picked up a door brace at the hardware store and it provided the security that we needed. We still would need to recover quickly if someone came to my office so we were never naked.

Cathleen would get hot sucking my cock and she got bolder since we had the office door secured. She wanted to ride my cock but we still kept our clothes on. My cock and balls would be out through my pants when she straddled me and rode me to her climax. Her dress was pushed up and her panties were pulled to the side. We had moved to intercourse in addition to oral but anal in the office had never been a consideration until that memorable day. 

She started the anal seduction one Wednesday at 11:00 AM. On Wednesdays, my calendar was usually clear from 10:00 AM until 2:00 PM. She entered my office wearing an outfit than I had never seen her wear to work. Usually she was dressed tastefully and conservatively but that day it was bold attire. She had on a short black skirt with thigh high white pantyhose. Her blouse was white with red trim and it was obvious that she was not wearing a bra. Although she really didn't need one, she usually wore one.

She walked in, closed and locked the door and put the brace in place. When she bent over slightly, the elastic tops of the hose were visible. I suspected that she had more than oral sex on her mind that day. However, I was not prepared for what she had planned. She walked over to my side of the desk and stood next to me, I was still seated in my chair. I reached for the back of her leg closest to me and ran my hand up toward the top of her hose.

Her body trembled slightly at my touch. I ran my hand up and down the back of her thigh but not above the hose. Next, I caressed her around the elastic top and then moved my hand onto her bare flesh. By this time, I had a raging hard-on in the confines of my underwear and trousers. For several minutes I drew feather like touches on her bare skin above the hose. She shivered and I noticed the little pebbles of goose bumps on her thigh.

I ran my hand around her thigh and between her legs. Caressing the inside of her thigh, I purposely avoided coming into contact with panties. I sensed that she was going crazy with the foreplay but I took my time with her. My hand grazed her panty covered pussy and her body jerked as if it were an electrical shock. I kept moving my hand across the bare skin and letting the side of it slide over her vagina. Her panties got wet and I decided it was time to lower them.

Hooking my fingers in the top of the panties I pulled them slowly down to the tops of her hose baring her scrumptious ass. I loved looking at her beautiful shapely ass and fondling her flawless buttocks. First, I ran my fingers lightly over her bottom and caressed the top near her tailbone. She was having trouble standing still and I loved the erotic effect it was having on both of us. My cock was throbbing in my pants. 

Cupping her buttocks in both hands, I massaged the lovely globes causing her to gasp in pleasure. I then lowered the panties down to ankles and she stepped out of them. For the first time, she was without panties in my office. Now I had her place both hands on my desk and bend over slightly. Lifting her skirt, I pried her buttocks apart and stared at the cute anus that I had penetrated so many times but never in the office.

I noticed that her anus glistened somewhat and then I realized that she had lubricated her ass before entering my office. It was clear now what she wanted. I eased a finger into her nether hole and it slid in easily given the lubrication. With my other hand and rubbed her pussy and then slipped two fingers into her. I moved my fingers in and out of her pussy and ass simultaneously and she groaned softly. She always loved having both holes fingered at the same time but that had always been in other locations.

I didn't know about her but I could not hold out any longer. I stood up from my chair and this time I dropped my pants and underwear to my knees. My cock was rock hard and I eased it into her receptive ass. We both groaned at the entry. I was excited beyond belief with the first office anal sex. My hips moved slowly as I wanted to savor the encounter for as long as possible. I continued to finger her pussy as I fucked her ass.

Cathleen orgasmed before I came and she drenched my hand. Seconds later I was cumming in her ass and I felt as if it was the best ejaculation ever. I filled her rectum with my seed and felt the gripping sensation of her sphincter muscle. I stayed in her as the clenching action drained my cock and then slowly backed out. I could my seed begin to ooze out and realized that we were unprepared for that in the office.

Quickly, I reached in my trouser pocket to retrieve my handkerchief and used it to cover her anus. She reached back and replaced my hand and she expunged my seed into the handkerchief. I pulled my underwear and trousers back up and redressed. Once Cathleen felt she had cleansed herself the best she could she put her panties back on. She turned and smiled at me as she whispered.

"Did you like that?"

"Unbelievable, it was so erotic. I loved it."

"We'll have to be better prepared in the future."

"I agree. I'll get some paper towels and moist wipes for future sessions."

"We still have time to have lunch."

Good, let's go get a burger."

After that time, Wednesday became anal sex day. We still had our Thursday evenings at the interlude and that was very special. However, having anal sex in the office during business hours was very exciting as well as pleasurable. 

WEDNESDAY RITUAL 

In future sessions, Cathleen always acted nervous and unsure of the situation when I turned her toward my desk and told her to place her hands on the desk top. She leaned over and put her hands on the desk looking over her shoulder as if she was wondering what I had in mind. That's what I loved about her; as many times as we had done this she acted as if it was her first time. I lifted her skirt up and draped it over her back baring her stocking encased shapely legs and her panty covered curvy ass. I ran my hands over the bare skin between the tops of her stockings and her panties and smiled as goose bumps appeared on her skin. I loved running my hands over the tiny mounds of flesh that arose when she got excited.

One day she decided to surprise me and wore stockings and garters. I took a hold of her panties in both hands and slowly lowered them down baring her flawless ass. I pulled the panties down as far as they would go inside the garters. Cathleen gasped as her ass was bared. I caressed her bare bottom gently in my hands relishing the feel of the smooth firm buttocks. Then I knelt down behind her and lovingly placed kisses on her luscious ass. I kissed and then gently nibbled on the enticing ass flesh drawing moans and groans from her. I kissed my way to the center of her bottom and let my tongue dip into the crack of her ass.

Cathleen trembled and gasped when my tongue moved up and down her crack. She reminded me that she had douched her ass. I put both hands on her buttocks and gently pried them apart exposing her anus. I loved looking at her cute rosebud just before I probed it with my tongue. She let out a soft scream when my tongue touched her tight aperture and she shivered slightly. I began to lick her from her anus to her vagina and within minutes her pussy was soaking wet. She was breathing rapidly and moaning as I kissed, licked and probed her two love holes.

Then I stood up and retrieved the lubricant from my desk and applied it to her anal passage. Cathleen squirmed when she felt the cool lube enter her ass and the goose bumps returned on her bottom. Next, I eased my finger into her ass and pushed it all the way in to the last knuckle. Her body went rigid momentarily as she adjusted to the anal penetration. I finger fucked her ass slowly and I felt the passage loosen up around my finger. I added my middle finger and ring finger to her pussy and then finger fucked both of her holes simultaneously. Cathleen moaned with pleasure. 

I added more lube and then I took the butt plug from my desk and inserted it in her ass. Cathleen again groaned as the plug spread her anus and then disappeared in her rectum. Her sphincter instinctively closed around the rubber plug. I stood up and had her turn around to face me. She knelt down on the carpeted floor and pressed her buttocks against the front of my desk. She reached up and unzipped the fly to my trousers to free my throbbing erect cock. She fished my cock and balls out of my boxer shorts and trousers holding it her hand. Cathleen stared at my impressive member for a few seconds before she began to lick up and down the shaft. Then she covered my cock with her sensuous mouth. I whispered excitedly.

"That's it, get my cock hard and wet for your ass." 

Cathleen had a talented mouth and it didn't take long to bring me to the height of desire. I lifted her back to a standing position and had her turn toward my desk again. I lifted up her skirt and placed it on her back as she leaned over my desk. I pulled the butt plug from her ass and we both heard the audible pop. Moving closer to her I let my cock brush against her buttocks and then positioned my cock head against her anus. With a gentle but firm steady push my cock spread her flower and the head disappeared in her ass.

I slowly fucked her letting my cock go a little deeper each time. I was in no hurry to sink my cock all the way in her ass and I loved to watch it slide in and out between her beautiful hillocks. Cathleen groaned each time I went a little deeper but her groans were in pleasure not discomfort. My cock eventually slid all the way in and my pubic hair brushed against her buttocks. I held her lovely ass in my hands as I fucked it slowly never wanting it to end. 

As much as I wanted to fuck her forever, I felt my release start to build. Cathleen was frantically rubbing her clit and fingering her pussy in search of her own orgasm. She would usually manage to have at least one orgasm before I ejaculated and that day was no different. She moaned out loud when she climaxed and her sphincter muscle tightened around my cock. Her body thrust up and down and she rolled her ass when she came. I held to her buttocks and picked up the pace fucking her. Then I felt my pending release.

I pulled my cock from Cathleen's ass and aimed it at her anus and buttocks. The first stream hit her right on her anus and then the subsequent streams landed on her back and buttocks. I then pushed my cock back in her ass and she milked the remaining cum from my cock. She handed me a paper towel and I wiped her back and buttocks clean as my cock softened in her rectum. My cock eventually slipped from her ass and I wiped it clean with another towel and then I wiped my seed from her anus. 

After using a moist wipe to cleanse herself, Cathleen stood up and pulled her panties back up and smoothed out her skirt. I tucked my cock and balls back into my pants and zipped up my trousers. Cathleen smiled at me as I opened my office door and then she returned to her desk. I checked my watch and saw that it was almost noon and time for lunch.

"Where would you like to eat today?"

"How about Portofino, I'm in the mood for Italian."

"Portofino it is," I agreed.

Cathleen and I left the office and dined at Portofino restaurant. Our anal sex on Wednesday mornings was just the latest part of our office routine. We followed the same ritual every Wednesday and we never tired of it. She would surprise me with her attire making it a little more exciting. The two of us had a leisurely lunch and then returned to the office about 1:30 PM. On Thursdays we looked forward to our time at the interlude.

THE ROMANTIC INTERLUDE 

When we first started going to the romantic interlude, we didn't appreciate the atmosphere and ambiance. We were so glad to be completely naked that we rushed right into sex. She was anxious to cum with my cock in her pussy and I was anxious to cum in her ass. We used the jacuzzi tub in the room but at first it was after sex. Later we enjoyed the foreplay before sex.

Cathleen would call each week to book a room and sometimes our favorite room was already taken. The manager suggested that I set up an account and we would be guaranteed the same room every Thursday. If we had to cancel and the manager was able to book the room, I would receive a credit on the account. I liked that arrangement and, in the future, all one of us had to do was stop by the office and pick up the key.

Each room had a private parking stall and I always let Cathleen park in it. I parked in the main lot which was hidden from the main road. I was less concerned about anyone recognizing my car in the lot and it never happened. The most memorable night was the very first time we paced ourselves and engaged in some serious foreplay. That night I arrived with two bottles of white wine, bath beads and a fragrant massage oil.

Cathleen undressed and took a shower while I ran the water in the jacuzzi tub and added the bath beads. I put one bottle of wine in the mini-fridge, undressed, poured two glasses of wine and entered the jacuzzi. Cathleen came out of the bathroom and joined me in the tub. She smiled when I handed her a plastic wine glass with the white wine she liked. We relaxed briefly and finished the first glass of wine.

She slid over closer to me and I put my arm around her. Her hand snaked under the water and she found my erect cock. She loved playing with my cock first and then sucking it. I raised my hips slightly so that my stiff dick was above the water and she lowered her head and engulfed it in her sweet mouth. Cathleen would always get very hot sucking cock and before long she needed to sit on it.

She straddled my hips and guided my cock into her pussy, emitting a gasp as it filled her womb. Moving up and down, rocking back and forth, she worked her way to her first orgasm. I held her shapely buttocks in my hands as she fucked herself on my dick. I saw the tense look on her face and I knew she was close. Then the dam burst and she cried out loudly. She thrust her pussy down on me, wrapped her arms around my neck and hugged me tightly calling out.

"Oh God, oh, hold me, I'm cumming."

I was totally familiar with her intense orgasms and held her to me. She kept her head buried I my shoulder until the climax had subsided and then she relaxed in my lap. We remained in that position for several minutes and then she moved off of me. I poured anther glass of wine for us as we continued to soak in the tub. At one point she reached over to set the cup down on the edge and I watched as her marvelous derriere surfaced above the water.

Her ass always looked good but glistening with oily bath water it was spectacular and incredibly desirable. I set my drink down and reached for her, lifting by her hips. Cathleen reached for the side of the jacuzzi for balance as I pulled her ass up higher. I leaned over and planted light kisses on her buttocks and then tongued her tailbone. She squealed at the touch of my tongue and I repeated the action several times. 

Next, I pried her buttocks apart gently and exposed her cute anus. I knew she had douched her pussy and ass earlier as she always did at the interlude. I ran my tongue the length of her bottom and let it graze over her anus. She shivered with delight and wiggled her ass seductively. Pulling the cheeks, a bit wider, I dipped my tongue in and probed her nether hole. Again, she squealed and shivered with the erotic sensation. Then I ran my tongue along her taint to her pussy and flicked it over the erect hard nub. I continued to run my tongue back and forth, probing her anus and flicking her clit. At one point when I got back to her clit, I nibbled it and she went wild. 

"Oh, stay there, suck my clit, eat my pussy, I'm so close."

I kept eating her pussy and nibbling on her clit until she orgasmed a second time. Her entire body vibrated in the water as I held onto her. I had not cum yet and I was as hard as steel. In days gone past, I would have been anxious to fuck her and get my rocks off. However, that night I wanted it to be special and I did not rush it. She sat up and we finished our wine before getting out of the jacuzzi. The water was beginning to get cool and I drained the tub. I would fill it again later if we decided to use it again. We dried off and she flopped face down on the bed. Once again, I looked at her fabulous ass and had to exercise willpower not to ravish it.
