 Always grateful to MistressJoanna for all the additions and editing. Thank You!

*****

I like to get to the airport early. I want to get checked in, get through security at least an hour before my flight leaves.

I'm so glad I do because the airport is packed today with everyone traveling for Thanksgiving.

I haven't been home in a few months since moving so far away, I'm glad to be able to see my family for a couple of days.

After I find my gate and know I have a lot of time before we board, I decide to go get coffee and maybe something to snack on since I didn't eat breakfast.

I find a coffee shop near my gate and go inside to get coffee. It's crowded. I have to wait just to order. After I get my coffee and muffin I look around for a table, not expecting to find an open one, and I don't. It's hard to wheel my suitcase, carry a cup of coffee and a muffin at the same time, but I do it. Sort of. I end up dropping my coffee. The lid comes off and coffee goes everywhere. Including on a guy sitting at a table nearby.

"God. I'm sorry. Let me go get some napkins or something" I say to him.

"Don't worry about it. I saw you struggling, I should have offered to help" he replies.

"I'm sorry though" I say. I see he has some notebooks spread on the table and coffee got on them. The ink is already starting to run and smear.

"And it looks like I messed up whatever you were working on."

He looks at the table "yeah I think you did. Guess I can start all over."

"Really I'm so sorry. I feel horrible. Is there anything I can do?" I ask him.

He thinks for a minute. "There is. Sit down, let me get something to clean up this mess, and then get you more coffee" he says.

"Are you serious? After I got coffee all over you and your papers."

"You look like you could use some coffee and a place to sit and drink it. Relax. I'll be right back" he says and goes up to the counter.

He comes back about five minutes later with a bunch of paper towels and two cups of coffee. He sets the coffees down, then cleans up the coffee on the floor and table.

After the floor is clean and he's thrown the paper towels away, he sits down with me.

"Can I say it again, I'm really sorry. Not just for getting coffee on you, but I ruined whatever you were working on."

"I'll just start over. No worries."

I drink some of the coffee he brought me.

"Thanks for the coffee. You didn't have to get it for me. Or share your table with me after what I did."

"Quit saying sorry. Just think of it this way, if you hadn't dropped your coffee we wouldn't be sitting here talking, and to confess, I was watching you in line trying to think of an excuse to talk to you."

I don't know what to say. "Yeah right."

"Really. You look very interesting."

"I'm not sure that's a compliment or what" I reply.

He smiles "It is."

He has the nicest smile. Perfect teeth. Perfect cheekbones, and a dimple. I find myself smiling back.

"I like your smile" he says.

I'm embarrassed. I look away.

"I didn't mean to embarrass or upset you. You have a great smile."

He reaches up and pushes my hair back. When he does I notice he has a ring on his ring finger.

I take his hand out of my hair and look at it. He sees what I'm looking at.

"It's not what you think. I should have taken it off" he says.

"So you're not married?" I ask.

He sighs. "Well technically I am."

"Technically? I really need to go. Thanks for the coffee" I say and get up.

"Can I at least explain? Just sit down. Give me ten minutes" he says.

"No need to explain, I understand what married means" I say and try to walk away.

He stands up, grabs my arm, "Please give me five minutes."

I look at him. He has the nicest eyes I've ever seen. Such a gorgeous shade of blue. They perfectly match the color of his tee shirt he has on.

Short dark hair that looks like it wants to be curly if it was longer. He has a perfect little curl falling across his forehead. A little piece of hair curling in the back sticking out.

Well kept beard and mustache.

He really is beautiful. No wonder he's married.

"I don't know what you could tell me that would excuse you being married."

"How about, I just met you and there's nothing going on between us but having coffee?" he asks.

He's right. It's not like he hit on me or propositioned me.

"Five minutes, that's all you get" I say and smile.

"Want more coffee?" he asks.

"I better not, I leave soon and I hate peeing in the plane bathrooms."

"What time do you leave?" he asks.

"One fifteen."

"Going somewhere for the holiday?" he asks.

"Yeah back home. Haven't been for a few months. I miss everyone."

"You don't have family here?"

"Nope. I left everything and everyone behind for a guy, who then left me for another woman. So I'm pretty much alone here. I'm going to look for a job at home, maybe move back" I explain.

"He must have been some guy" he says.

"At the time I thought he was. Lesson learned, right. Don't uproot your life for love."

"Well that's depressing" he says laughing.

Dammit that smile again. And his laugh. I find myself smiling again.

"What is that one song, Love Hurts? Yeah it does" he says.

We're both quiet. Probably both thinking of past loves, or maybe current for him.

"Want me to explain?" he asks.

"I don't know. You don't have to. Like you said, it's just coffee" I reply.

"Thanks. Long story anyway."

For some reason I reach across the table and touch his hand, hold it. He tightens his hand around mine.

"Thanks" he says again.

I look at him, he has tears in his eyes.

"Let's change the subject. Neither of them are here, so let's talk about something else."

"Good idea. So what do you do? Wait let me guess" he says.

"I don't think you can" I reply.

"I don't know, I'm usually good at reading people. Let me see" he says and looks at me.

"Don't look at me, it makes me nervous."

"Why? I bet you have a lot of guys look at you."

"Me? No I don't think so. I am so blah. My best friend is gorgeous, beautiful black hair, beautiful skin. Petite. I am the opposite."

"I've always been partial to brown hair, and curves" he says.

I feel my cheeks flush. I know they're red.

"I've embarrassed you."

I nod my head.

"You shouldn't be. Now I think that you work some boring office job?"

I shake my head no.

"Dog walker?"

I smile and shake my head again.

"Insurance salesman, sales woman?"

I shake my head again. "Maybe I should just tell you."

"Probably or we may be here all day" he says.

"I will give you some credit though, I met my ex at a boring office job, so I did have one. But now I don't work. Unemployed. When I moved here my boyfriend wanted to get married and have kids right away, so he didn't want me to get a job. Good thing I didn't get pregnant I guess."

"Not to be nosy, and you don't have to answer, but is this a recent breakup?" he asks.

I nod my head. "Almost two months ago."

"Still fresh. I'm sorry to ask about him. Once again, let's change the subject."

"Ok. So what do you do?"

He smiles that gorgeous smile "I write, at least I try to. Secretly, I want to write a book."

"So I messed up your writing? I feel pretty bad now."

"I can always rewrite it. Maybe it will be even better."

"What do you write?" I ask him.

"Just rambling thoughts mostly."

"And you make a living doing that?" I ask.

"No."

"You don't want to tell me what you do?"

He shakes his head. "It's really not important. We need to find a subject that isn't depressing. What do you do for fun?"

"Lately, nothing. I have no money. No friends here. I should move back home. I have a place to live, with my best friend, just need to find a job. That was depressing again wasn't it."

"Yeah, but my life is just as boring. Why don't we go across the way and get a drink" he says.

I look over to where he's pointing, a bar. I know I probably shouldn't. I don't think I want to be drunk on a plane, I'm sure I'd puke!

"Come on, just one drink" he says.

I shrug my shoulders. "Alright, one drink."

He gathers up all of his pens and notebooks while I throw away our trash.

He picks up a backpack and gets my suitcase "are we ready?"

I nod my head. I can't believe I'm doing this. I don't even know him. Oh well, it's not like I'm leaving with him. We're still in public.

It's not as crowded here as it was in the coffee shop. I go find a table while he goes to get us drinks.

I sit at a table over in the corner. I like to be alone, out of the public eye. I hate people watching me, but I do love to people watch.

He finds me a few minutes later.

"I thought maybe you had left. I didn't see you at first" he says and sets two beers down and a glass. "I wasn't sure what you liked so I got you the same beer I'm drinking. I brought you a glass too in case you wanted one."

"So where are you heading off to?" I ask him.

"Uh...here I guess."

"I don't really understand. If you came here, why are you still at the airport?"

"Another long story. My life seems to be filled with stories that need explanations. Things were kind of sucking, I threw some clothes and stuff in my backpack, went to the airport, bought a ticket for whatever was the next flight leaving. That was here. So I'm here."

"Ok, but why are you at the airport?" I ask him.

"I didn't want to be alone. It was comforting here with all the people. If I leave, I'm alone in a hotel room."

"When are you going home?"

He shrugs his shoulders "No idea. I guess at some point I have to though."

"If you want to be around people, couldn't you stay home?"

"I wasn't really leaving the people there, more like I was leaving a situation I don't want to face right now" he replies.

"I thought we were going to start talking about happy stuff. Fuck our depressing real lives."

"So where is home for you?" he asks.

"Illinois."

"Yeah? Where? That's where I'm from."

"No? Seriously?"

He nods his head. "Up near Chicago."

"Down south for me. Close to St Louis. That's where I fly in to."

"Maybe I should just come with you. I could see the southern part of Illinois" he says.

"I'm sure whatever you already have planned would be way more fun than sitting at my grandparent's house listening to everyone one up their sicknesses, or how great their kids are. Asking me if I've married that nice young man yet. I'm not sure I can face all of that. What should I tell them? No we're not getting married. He left me for a hot little blond."

"Stay here with me. Don't laugh, but I booked a honeymoon suite because they give you complimentary champagne and fruit baskets and all kinds of stuff. I wasn't sure how I was going to explain that I have no bride with me."

"While that sounds very tempting, I have a plane to catch. As much as I don't want to go home, I want to go to see everyone."

"I understand. I just hate being alone."

"Ok tell me honestly, were you hanging out here trying to find someone to share a hotel room with?"

He shakes his head. "No. If I wanted some random stranger I would have taken the first girl I found attractive. I was just here watching people. It's comforting. And I like to decide where they're going. Who they're going to see, or who they're leaving. Keeps me entertained when I have no one."

I nod my head. I feel bad for him. I wonder what situation he's running from.

"How about another beer? Two shouldn't affect you too much" he says.

"Sure, one more."

He comes back with three beers. He sits down and drinks almost all of one of them.

"We should eat something if we're going to drink. Should we go find food after this?" he asks.

"I wish I could but I need to get to my gate, it's..." I say and look at my watch. "Oh my god, it's almost two. I missed my flight."

"Ok now I'm sorry. Let's finish our beers and we can see when the next flight is."

"I can't believe I wasn't watching the time. I need to call my friend Michelle and let her know to not come pick me up at the airport."

"Just wait to call. Let's see when you can be there, let her know what time to pick you up."

"You're right. I'm just panicking. My family is expecting me, I don't want them to be upset with me."

"What do you want? Do you want to go home?" he asks.

I think for a minute. "Yeah, I think I want to see everyone, just wish it wasn't all such a big stressful thing though. You know what I mean. Paint on a happy face, try to get along with everyone when really you just want to run and hide."

He nods his head. "That is why I'm here I guess."

When we're finished with our beers we go talk to the woman working at the gate I was supposed to be at an hour ago,

"Hi. She seems to have missed her flight, can she get on the next one?" he asks and hands her my ticket.

She checks her computer. "Not today. Everything is overbooked, she would never get on."

"What about tomorrow?" he asks.

She checks again. "Same thing. She can come here and hang out all day and be on standby, but it's really unlikely she's going to get on any plane."

"I'm a jerk" he says turning to look at me. "What are you going to do?"

"I don't know."

He takes my ticket back from the woman. "Thank you."

"Sorry I couldn't be more help" she says.

"No problem, it's not your fault" he replies.

I start walking away. He catches up to me.

"Where are you going to go?" he asks.

"Home I guess. Not really much else I can do."

"Hey, I feel really bad. It's my fault you missed your flight. No point in both of us being alone, come with me. We can share my hotel room. Get room service. Watch crappy movies. Enjoy each other's company. Just as new friends" he says.

"I really need to just go home."

He sighs. Looks really sad. He holds my hand "I really just don't want to be alone tonight."

He's looking at me with those beautiful blue eyes. His bottom lip slightly pouting. How can I say no.

"Ok. Just as friends. And I'm not going to sleep there with you. I'm just going for a few hours."

He smiles, that cheeky smile.

"Thanks. Let's see if we can find a cab."

We have to wait about thirty minutes for a cab. While waiting I stand there and think, is this a good idea? I know nothing about him, except that he's married. I don't even know his name. What the hell am I doing? Why did I agree to leave with him, go to a hotel. Maybe we're not even going to a hotel, maybe he lives around here and is going to take me to his house and keep me hostage.

He looks over at me and smiles. When he smiles I feel like I can trust him.

Finally a cab for us. The cab driver gets out and puts my suitcase and his backpack in the trunk. He holds the backdoor open for us.

"This is kind of strange, but before I get in a cab with you, I think I should at least know your name" I say.

The cab driver is looking at us suspiciously.

"I never told you did I? And I don't know yours. Edward Warner. Eddie to my friends." he says. He holds out a hand for me to shake.

I do. Then he pulls me in closer for a hug. His arms feel wonderful.

"Nice to meet you" he says waiting for me to tell him my name I guess.

"Mara" I reply.

"It is nice to meet you, Mara" he says.

Eddie holds his arm out so I can get in the cab first. He slides in next to me. He hands the driver a piece of paper with the hotel address on it. At least I hope it's a hotel and not his house.

I feel a lot better that we're in the downtown area and there's hotels around.

"I have to tell you something" he says.

Oh god I wonder what it is. I'm kind of freaking out.

"Don't look so scared. It's nothing bad. I've never done anything like this before. Meeting someone and leaving with them."

"Well...neither have I. If my friend Michelle knew what I was doing she would be surprised. I need to call her still."

"Wait until we get to the hotel. I need to make a call too" he says.

About five minutes later we're pulling up and stopping in front of a hotel. A doorman opens the cab door to help us out. The cab driver gives someone our stuff.

When we go in I almost gasp. I've never been in a hotel this nice.

Eddie holds my hand. I look at him.

"We have to make this look good. Remember we just got married."

"What are they going to think when your bride leaves you alone tonight?" I ask him.

"Maybe I can convince her to stay longer."

He tells the woman at the desk we're checking in.

"Oh the honeymoon suite. Congratulations" she says.

"Thanks" Eddie says and kisses me on the cheek.

I give him a surprised look.

"She's a little shy, doesn't like to show me affection in public" he says.

It's hard to keep a straight face.

Eddie signs some papers.

"We'll show you to your room now, and someone will bring your luggage up shortly." She looks at what we have, "Is that everything? Just one suitcase and a backpack?"

Eddie puts his arm around my waist and pulls me close to him. "Yeah. We aren't expecting to have clothes on most of the time."

I smile and shake my head at him.

We follow a woman to the elevator. The ride up is awkward.

"So have you two known each other long?" she asks making conversation.

"Years. We went to high school together. Well sort of. I was her teacher one year" Eddie tells her.

She doesn't know what to say.

She takes us to our room, opens the door, quickly hands the card keys to Eddie. "If you need anything just let someone at the front desk know and we'll be glad to help out."

And she's gone.

"Are you always that mean to people?" I ask him.

"That wasn't mean. Just like to be entertaining. Now she can go down and tell everyone about us. Gives her an interesting story to tell. No harm" he replies.

Someone knocks on the door. Eddie answers it. It's the guy with our luggage. Eddie thanks him, tips him and the guy leaves.

I flop down on the bed. "This bed is so big. And so soft. I want to sleep in it."

He lays next to me. "It is nice. And you know, you can."

I sit up. "I can't. I feel weird just being here. This was a bad idea."

I walk over to the window and look out. Such a stunning view. I bet it's even better at night. He comes over and stands behind me.

"Nothing has to happen. We watch a little tv. Talk. Go out to dinner later and then I get you home. Or you sleep here in the bed, I can sleep on the sofa" he says.

"Don't be logical" I tell him.

"Ok then you make all the plans. Tonight is your night, as long as you include me."

"Yeah?"

He nods his head.

"I'm going to change, then we're heading out. Fifteen minutes, be ready" I tell him.

He picks up his backpack and dumps everything out on the bed. "Umm I guess I didn't bring very much clothes. Do I need to change? Do I smell bad? he asks me and comes closer to me.

I sniff him. Dammit. He smells really good. I don't think I could explain it. Like clean, but not clean. Like not a cologne smell. Just like he's clean. And just him. Not bad, he doesn't stink, just smells like him I guess.

"You smell fine" I tell him.

"Are you going to change?" he asks.

"Um...Do I look ok?"

He looks at me. "You look great."

I bite my bottom lip.

"I embarrassed you again. You need to learn to accept a compliment."

"I need to call my friend" I remind him.

"Yeah I need to make a phone call too. I'll go in the bathroom, give you some privacy."

"Ok."

I dial Michelle's number.

"Hey are you already here? I haven't left yet" she says when she answers.

"No. I missed my flight. No seats today and probably not tomorrow. Looks like I'm stuck here."

"Oh no. That sucks. Are you sure there's nothing?"

"Yeah. They said I could hang around the airport tomorrow as a standby, but I probably wouldn't get on any flight. I guess I'm just staying here."

"Well that sucks. How did you miss your flight? You're always at the airport hours before you need to be there" she asks.
