 "Wake up sleepyhead" I hear him saying.

I open my eyes, but don't move.

"It's after nine, you can't sleep all day. "

He's opening the curtains. I look at him. He's standing by the window, naked, with his back to me. He has a nice ass. It's perfect. It's almost as tan as the rest of him. I wonder where he's been tanning naked.

He turns towards me. His cock is beautiful. I've seen ugly ones, his is beautiful. I find myself smiling at the fact that it's been in me twice.

"Come look outside, it snowed" he says.

I sit up.

"I've already ordered breakfast" he says, then someone knocks on the door.

"That's probably it, so get up" he says and kisses me. He pulls on his pants while walking to the door.

While he's seeing who it is, I go to the bathroom. I hear him talking to someone.

I come out of the bathroom as he's pushing a table into the bedroom.

"Get in bed" he tells me.

I do.

He picks up a tray and sets it over my lap. "Breakfast for two in bed" he says.

He leans over and kisses me. "Good morning. I slept so good last night. "

He's so cute seeing him in such a good mood.

I kiss him. "I did too. "

He drops his pants and gets in bed "I'm starving."

We eat quietly for a few minutes.

"You know what I want to do today? Go play in the snow. After breakfast we're getting dressed and finding a park to play in. We'll have to stop somewhere first so I can get gloves and a coat. "

I don't know what to think, or say. He keeps eating. And talking.

"I haven't seen snow in so long since I live in Florida. I can't wait to make a snowman with you. Do you have a coat and gloves? It doesn't matter we'll just get stuff for you too."

He gets up and gets the coffee carafe and pours us more coffee.

"Are you going to shower? I don't think I want to. I kind of like smelling like a mixture of me and you." He leans over and nuzzles my neck. "And you smell amazing."

He eats everything on his plate, then takes a biscuit off of my plate, "Are you going to eat this? I'm so hungry."

His phone rings, he ignores it.

"When we leave, let's leave our phones here. Or if we take them we're leaving them off. I don't want anyone to bother us" he says.

He looks at me "Is that ok?"

I nod my head, and can't help but smile at him. He's so excited about playing in the snow, like a little boy. It's beyond cute.

"Are you finished with breakfast?" he asks me.

I nod my head.

"Are you ok, you're quiet again?"

I smile "I'm enjoying you."

"Yeah? Should we postpone our trip out? Stay here for about an hour?"

I nod my head. I kiss him, tenderly.

"You taste so good, like orange juice" he says.

"Why don't we get rid of this" I say pointing to the tray.

He gets up and moves it back to the table. He lifts the sheet and blanket up at the end of the bed and gets under them. He crawls under the covers up to me. He kisses my belly button.

"You're so weird" I tell him.

"Weird?" he says. He bites one of my nipples. "Is that weird?"

He crawls up to me and nips at my neck, gentle little bites. "Weird?" He kisses me on the lips.

"Weird is good" I say.

He lays next to me, facing me. He puts one of his legs over mine. Traces one of his fingers around one of my nipples, then the other one.

"Last night was beautiful. You're beautiful. Will you stay with me until Monday?" he asks.

"Is that when you're leaving?"

"Probably. I wish I could stay longer, but I need to go home. Deal with things there. But until then, I'm not thinking of anything but us" he says.

We kiss.

I try to get into it, but am having a hard time. I feel bad about what is going on. I shouldn't be here with him. I am a horrible person. He's married, I should respect that. Yeah he might say it's not a great marriage, but I'm only hearing his side of the story.







We lay there in each other's arms. I reach down and drag my fingers across his perfectly round butt. He smiles.

"That tickles, but feels so good."

"Your beard and mustache tickle. I've never kissed anyone with a beard or mustache. It's different, but I like it."

He rubs his face against my breasts. "You're so mean." I tell him.

He keeps doing it, making me laugh.

I tickle his belly, he starts to tickle mine. We both start laughing so hard we can't tickle each other anymore.

We lay on the bed giggling. I've never felt like this. Why when I meet the most perfect guy is he already taken?







We lay in bed doing nothing but talking about what movies we like. What our first concerts were. Favorite books.

We like a lot of the same things, but some are completely different. He's eight years older though so that could be why.

We both agree that nachos are the best food and plan to eat them in bed later and watch a scary movie. Snuggle together. Drink a bottle of wine. It all seems so perfect except for one thing: the woman he's married to isn't me.







We go to the mall to get coats and other warm stuff to play in the snow in.

He just picks out stuff and buys it. Never looks at prices. I wonder where he gets his money.

I Let him pick out a coat, hat, mittens, and fuzzy boots for me. It all ends up being stuff I would have chosen for myself.

He also buys me some underwear and a matching bra.

"I feel weird letting you buy me all of this stuff" I tell him.

"Don't. Want to make it up to me, wear your new underwear tonight."

"You're a pervert. I like that" I say teasing him.







Since he didn't really bring any clothes he buys some at the mall, then we head back to the hotel to change and drop stuff off.







After we're all bundled up we walk back down to the riverfront. There's no one else there.

It takes us about an hour to make a snowman. It came out really good. We have nothing to make his face with so we find pine cones and use them. We find two sticks for his arms.

"It's perfect" I tell Eddie.

"It is."

He pulls me to him and we kiss.

"It's because we made it together" he says.

"What are we going to do now?"

"Now I am going to beat you at a snowball fight" he says. He bends over and makes a snowball. "You better run."

I run and hide behind a tree. I make a snowball.

"You can't hide from me. I'm going to find you. You should give up now, I'm going to win" he says.

He scans the park for me. I try not to giggle, but it's hard. When he has his back to me I sneak up to him and throw my snowball. I hit him right in the butt.

He instantly turns around and throws his snowball at me, missing me.

"Ha!" I say. I bend over to get more snow, he turns and starts running.

I chase him. He falls in the snow. When I catch up to him, he's still just laying there. I throw my snowball at his back, hitting him right in the middle.

"I win" I say.

He rolls over to his back. "You cheated."

I kneel next to him. "How did I cheat?"

"I don't know. But I need to teach a lesson to bad little girls that cheat at snowball fights." He pulls me down with him, swats my butt.

"Maybe I like that" I tell him.

"You probably do. Well then, I'll have to think of another punishment."

We lay there in the snow looking at each other. His cheeks are all red, I'm sure mine are too. Noses running. But still, we kiss.

Never in a million years did I ever imagine I would be laying in the snow, in a park, kissing the most beautiful man in the world. It's incredible and I don't want this to ever end.

"Let's go back to the hotel, crawl in bed and watch a movie" he suggests.

I smile. "Yeah."







We walk back holding hands. I wish this didn't feel so comfortable. So right. It's not right. It's really so wrong. I should tell him I need to go home tonight.

"Go put your new underwear on and get in bed. I'm going to order us some wine. Find something for us to watch" he tells me.

I go in the bathroom and strip. I hang all of my wet clothes over the shower bar. I wrap a towel around me and go to the bedroom to find my new underwear. His coat and half of his wet clothes are laying all over the floor in there.

I go into the other room, he's standing in there in just his pants and socks.

"Um did you drop something in the bedroom?" I ask him.

"I'm kind of a slob, sorry. I'll pick it up as soon as the wine is here. Do you have your undies on?" he asks and tries to pull the towel off of me.

"You have to wait until you get in bed with me."

I go back into the bedroom, find some of my new undies and put them on. I drop the towel. I throw it over on his clothes on the floor. All of his new clothes and bags of clothes are covering the bed so I move all of it off.

I get in bed, turn on the tv and look for a movie to watch.

He comes in a few minutes later with a bottle of wine and two glasses.

He hands them to me. He drops his pants and boxers and gets in bed with me.

He takes the bottle of wine and pours us each some. He sets the bottle on the nightstand.

"To us" he says.

I smile. "Yeah."

We drink our glasses of wine, snuggle up, and watch The Twilight Zone.

We end up kissing. His hand moves down my belly. Down lower. Between my legs.

"You feel so wet in your undies, maybe we should take them off" he suggests.

"Maybe. Why do I need them off?" I ask him innocently.

"You don't, I can just do this" he says. He slides his hand under the elastic on my underwear. I feel one of his fingers slip inside of me.

"Maybe we need to take them off though. I think I want to fuck you. It will be a lot easier if we take them off."

He takes his hand out. I take them off, toss them on the floor with all the other clothes.

He pulls the blankets down off of us. "I want to see you. I want to know if you like what I do."

I try to pull the blankets back up.

"Why can't you accept compliments? You have a beautiful body."

I shake my head. "In my family I grew up with a beautiful mom and sisters. I was always the ugly duckling. I would grow into my looks my family always said. No one has ever said I did. They're all thin, I'm not. I'm just blah. I'm just me. And being me is nothing."

"You are so wrong. Being you must be wonderful. I find you wonderful."

I put my hand on his cheek. "You're too sweet. Thanks. I'll never believe it, but thanks."

Every time I look at him I notice something else that makes him even cuter. His sweet sunkissed face. He has a smattering of freckles across the bridge of his nose. They make me smile. Everything about him makes me smile.

He leans down and kisses me. We kiss for a few minutes.

"I wish we could stay here forever" he says.

"Yeah. Wouldn't that be nice?"

He lays next to me, pulls me to him. "I just want to lay here and hold you, and you hold me. Is that ok?" he asks.

I lay my head on his chest. "Yeah. Let's just lay here."

He buries his face in my hair and we fall asleep laying there, just holding each other.







When I wake up a couple hours later, he's still asleep. I lay there and watch him sleep. I touch his smooth hairless chest. Snuggle against his shoulder that has the smattering of freckles too.

I wake him up this time. "Sleepyhead, wake up. You promised me nachos in bed" I remind him.

He rolls over to face me. "I want to sleep. You wore me out."

I play with his hair. I love his hair, so soft, and those crazy curls that refuse to be tamed.

"Ok you lay here and nap, I'll go get us food and drinks."

"You would do that for me?"

"Of course silly little boy" I say and kiss his cheek.

He lays there looking at me. Again I think I see tears in his eyes. I put my hand on his cheek. "I'll be back as soon as I can."

"Take some money out of my wallet" he says.

"No I'm spoiling you this time. Order another bottle of wine. I'll be back."







I get up and get dressed. I go back in the bedroom to say bye to him, but he's already asleep. I write a note and leave it on my pillow.

Be back soon. Don't forget to order wine.







I go to the lobby to talk to the concierge. I ask him if there is a Mexican place or a place I can get nachos at near by.

Luckily there's a place within walking distance.

I love Mexican food. Besides nachos I want to get so much more stuff. I end up just getting a double order of nachos grande with everything on them. I hope there isn't anything he doesn't like.

It's snowing again. I want to lay in bed with the curtains open and watch the snow. I hope he does too.







I stop in the restaurant at the hotel to get something for dessert. So many things to pick from. I decide the turtle cheesecake will be delicious, so I get two slices of that.







I really do hate elevators and wish I wasn't in here alone. I close my eyes and hold my breath the whole time.

I finally make it to our room, juggle everything while I unlock the door.

"Are you still asleep?" I yell into the bedroom.

"Yes" I hear him say.

I go in there, I think he is still asleep. He's laying in the bed on his belly. I set the bags of food on the bed by him.

He looks up at me "That smells so good. What did you get us?"

"Super mega nachos, and turtle cheesecake for dessert. Are you hungry?"

He sits up. "I could eat."

I sit on the bed to get everything out of the bags.

"You're not getting back in bed with me?" he asks.

I smile "Should I?"

He pulls the covers back "yes."

"You didn't order the wine did you?"

"Umm no" he says.

"You're horrible. You better do it now and maybe I'll forgive you."

He picks up the phone to call room service. I get up and take my clothes off and get in bed.

He leans over and kisses me. "Done."







We only eat one order of nachos and share a piece of cheesecake. He puts the rest in the refrigerator. We lay in bed and drink the rest of the bottle of wine.

"I think I'll order more, will you drink more?" he asks me.

I shrug my shoulders. "Maybe."

"I can just order some beer then. Think you'll drink some of it?"

"Maybe one or two."

I snuggle in the bed while he orders the beer.

He puts his pants on and goes in the other room to wait for room service. While he's in there, his phone starts ringing. I wonder if I should tell him? I look at his phone, I know I shouldn't. I look at the picture. That must be her. She's beautiful of course, long dark hair, piercing brown eyes, long eyelashes... Why is he here with me?

I get up and start getting dressed. I can't stay. After I get dressed I start looking for my clothes. We've both been lazy slobs and our clothes are everywhere. I'm putting stuff in my suitcase when he comes back.

"What are you doing? Why are you dressed?"

"I just need to go. This isn't right."

"What do you mean? What's not right?" he asks.

"Me being here. I shouldn't be here. I'm just going to go home. I'm sorry I took up so much of your time."

I think I have all of my stuff so I zip up my suitcase.

"Um I guess thanks for everything" I say and start walking to the other room.

"You can't just leave. What happened? Will you at least explain to me what made you decide to leave?" he asks.

I shake my head. "It was nothing. I just think it would be better if I leave."

His phone starts ringing again. He walks over to the nightstand to see who it is. While he's distracted I quietly leave.

He catches up to me while I'm waiting for an elevator.

"She called, is that what upset you?" he asks me.

I look at him, nod my head.

"I can turn my phone off. She won't call again."

"That's not the problem. The problem is, you're married, not to me, so I shouldn't be here with you"

"I told you it's complicated. Let me try to explain it. Just come back to our room and let's talk. After we talk if you still want to go home I'll get you home" he says.

"I don't know what you could tell me that would convince me to stay."

"I don't know either, but can I try? Please?" His eyes burn with need. He looks like a lost puppy.

He's hard to resist. But it's not right to be here with him. I shake my head, uncertain.







I start crying. I'm not even sure why.

He hugs me, I let him. I fall into his arms. I cry on his shoulder.

"Come on, let's go talk" he says.

I look at him. "I don't know what to do. This so hard."

"I'm sorry I got you into my fucked up life."

"I just don't know what to do. It feels right, but I know it's wrong."

"We'll go talk. If you still want to go home, I'll get you home. I owe you some sort of explanation I guess" he says.

He takes my suitcase, holds my hand with his other hand and we walk back to the room.







"Want a beer?" he asks me when we get there.

"No. I don't think I should drink anything else."

I go sit on the sofa. He takes my suitcase back into the bedroom.

"Do you think you can talk me into staying?" I ask him.

"I hope so. If I can't I guess I'm going to go home. You're the only reason I stayed here."

"Don't say that. You're already making me want to stay, and I can't."

He gets a beer, opens it, and sits next to me.

"So the whole problem is that I'm married?" he asks.

I nod my head.

"I've told you it's complicated. It's been bad for awhile. We've been going to counseling but it's not really helping. I haven't felt like she loved me in a long time. And she had an affair a year ago. That's when we grew apart. Or at least started to."

"So you think it's ok for you to have an affair now? Just because she did?" I hate that word. I wish I didn't say it. It's ugly and means something horrible.

"No I don't think that. I never thought that. I never looked for someone to have an affair with. And I hate that word, can we not use it when we talk about us? This has been something special. And affair means something dirty that you have to hide, I don't want to hide this" he says.

"I hate that word too, but are you going to tell anyone about us? Is there an us?"

"I don't know any of that yet. But I think I want to try. Will you stay with me until Monday? If we decide after that that this isn't right and won't work, then it's all over. But until then I want it to be us, no one else. Just us enjoying each other. What do you think?"

"I think you better go get me a beer" I tell him.

He smiles the sweet smile he has. Asshole, why are you are you so cute and fun and nice? And perfect. I could fall in love, I think I already am.







We lay on the bed, clothes on, but we snuggle. We drink beer, way too much. He finds some old black and white cheesy horror movie on tv that we watch. We end up getting drunk and laughing our asses off.

I look at him. "Quit being so cute."

"I will if you quit being so perfect for me."

"This sucks."

I kiss him. I lay down and pull him down with me. We kiss. Our mouths all over each other. Then clothes start coming off. We can't get them off fast enough.

He stands up, takes my shoes and socks off, then pulls my jeans and underwear off. He tries to take his off, but somehow gets them tangled around his ankles. He leaves them. He crawls up on the bed, between my legs. I look down at that beautiful cock. Hard and already dripping.

He rams it in me so hard I gasp loudly. He keeps doing it. I whimper. I raise my hips up to meet his, so he can go in even deeper.

I grab his hair and pull it. Not hard, just enough so he knows what I'm doing.

"Fuck" he moans loudly in my ear.

He lays on me. We're both breathing hard. I wrap my legs around his. He kisses me. Kisses my neck.

"This sucks" he says.

"What? Us? This whole situation?" I ask him.

"No. I'm stuck in my pants, will you get them off of me."

I can't help but laugh.

Dammit. I'm falling hard.