 Final

And it is the best night ever. I have to say we look amazing. He's all in black, and then me in green, amazing.

I've never been in a limo. It's pretty cool, but I feel awkward. So out of place. I wonder if you ever get used to living like this? Does he live like this all the time? I wonder how much money he has. But I really don't even care.

He orders dinner for both of us and everything is so good.

I look at him while we're eating. I can't believe in a couple days I'll never see him again. I feel a tear run down my cheek.

He picks up one of my hands, squeezes it. "Don't. Not yet. Maybe in a couple days."

We both eat too much but want dessert so we order chocolate cake to share.

"Chocolate is always going to remind me of you" he says.

"What about coffee?"

"Limo rides."

"Snow" I say.

"Beautiful green eyes. And now I'm going to cry" he says.

"Let's go back to the hotel and snuggle" I suggest.

Once again I drink a little too much. He does too. Neither of us are drunk, but we're feeling really good.

On the ride back to our hotel I pick up his hand next to my leg. I kiss the back of it.

"Thanks. I never do stuff like this. Never get dressed up. Never really go out much." I tell him.

"I wish I could show you more" he says.

I kiss his cheek. Then his lips. He smiles and looks at me.

"I want to show you the world" he says. He kisses me.

We kiss. Hard and fast . I feel like I'm fifteen again making out in the backseat of my boyfriend's car.

We keep holding hands. His other hand moves up my thigh. I stroke his cheek, then move my hand through his hair, to the back of his neck.

I kiss down his chin, tease him with a soft bite there. I nuzzle his beautiful neck. Tease him there with a slight nip. Then I suck on it. I still feel fifteen. Giving my boyfriend a hickey. I probably shouldn't be doing it. Not a good idea to leave a mark on his neck. He doesn't seem to mind though. Really seems like he's enjoying it. It encourages my bad behavior, and my devilish side almost wants his wife to see the mark: yes, he's mine.

He sighs in my ear. I move my hand down his chest, to one of his thighs. I know he's enjoying it, I feel his pants tight across his cock that is getting harder as I move my hand across it.

I suddenly want it in my mouth. I start to unfasten his pants. He wants it too. He helps me unfasten them and push them down.

I take his cock in my hand. I rub my lips across the tip. "You're cock is beautiful."

He laughs slightly. "No one has ever told me that before."

I lick the tip. Swirl my tongue around it a few times. He tastes so good. I can't explain it, sweet somehow.

I lick the underneath and curl my tongue around him. I start to slide him in my mouth. Very gently use my teeth. I hope I'm doing this ok, I've only done it once before.

When his cock is in as far as it can go, he's barely touching the back of my throat, I swallow. He whimpers slightly.

He runs his fingers through my hair. I keep sucking. Slowly sliding him in and out. He moves his hips gently.

I know he's getting close to cumming. I feel his thighs tense up, and then relax. He holds my head in his hands. His thighs tense up again and this time he raises his hips. As he moans I feel his cock pulse in my mouth and his warm cum fills it. He whimpers quietly a couple times. When he's finished, when he has nothing left in him, I slide him out of my mouth and swallow. It tastes sweet. Why does everything about him taste sweet?

I kiss the tip. I sit back up next to him. He pulls his pants back up. Looks at me and smiles. He pulls me closer to him and kisses me. We kiss for a minute, then he lays his head on my shoulder and falls asleep.

 We get to the hotel about fifteen minutes later. I hate to do it, but I have to wake him up.

"Hey we're here. I guess we need to go in" I tell him waking him up.

"Yeah. Sorry. I can't believe I fell asleep."

"It's fine. You seemed very content, so I let you sleep."

"You know why I was so content. Thanks."

When we get to our room he starts getting undressed.

"Sorry I'm so tired, want to order coffee?" he asks.

I kiss him. "No let's just go to bed. Talk until we fall asleep."

He strips to his boxers and gets in bed. I find one of his dirty tees and get in bed in that and my undies.

If we talked about anything I don't remember it. The last thing I do remember is us intertwining ourselves together. We must have fallen right to sleep.

The only bad thing about waking up on Saturday is that it is Saturday and tomorrow is our last day. Today and tomorrow, that's it. He's leaving Monday. We better make the most of these two days.

If possible I won't even think about it, If I dwell on that, then I'll make these days sad and I don't want to do that.

 We both shower and get dressed. We decide to be touristy today and see some sites. I haven't lived here long enough to do anything so it's all new to me.

We walk down to the riverfront and go to the Art Museum first. We spend three hours there looking at everything. He holds my hand the whole time.

We stand and look at the sculpture of The Kiss. I study it maybe a little too much. The woman is so much into the kiss. The man not so much. He is kissing her, but doesn't have his arms around her. Is that how it is with me and Eddie? I'm reading too much into this sculpture. But why is he studying it with me? Is he subconsciously trying to tell me something? That he isn't into this friendship. This relationship. That he's going home in two days. Back to his wife where he probably really has a happy life.

"You don't like this one?" he asks.

"I don't know. Why do you think that?"

"You were making a face. Sort of sad, but sort of defeated maybe. Like you were giving up on something" he says.

I hate that he seems to be able to read my mind. Or can feel my feelings or something. Like we have this sort of connection. Do I dare say we were supposed to be soul mates.

I look at him. I'm not sure I can do this for two more days. Why did I even leave with him? I wish I had just gone home after missing my flight.

 We stop at a coffee shop on the way back to the hotel.

"You're quiet" he says after we've been sitting for ten minutes.

"Tired maybe" I say completely lying.

"We can just relax for the rest of the night. What should we do tomorrow? Something special. I want our last day to be special."

"Yeah" I say quietly.

He doesn't seem to really care that tomorrow is our last day together. Ready to have fun and then that's it, we both go home to our own lives. My brow furrows.

"So any ideas? We could always just stay at the hotel all day" he says with this dirty smile on his face.

Maybe this week was just all about him having an affair. He can go home and tell his wife he cheated on her and now they're even. He seemed to like me though. Holding hands. I never saw him look at another woman. Being so sweet to me. And at times, maybe I even thought this might last longer. But did I really think he would leave his wife? He said he loved her when I overheard him on the phone. And all the gifts? What is this, Pretty Woman? I'm not some prostitute!

"I don't know. Maybe I should go home tonight. You can clear your head before you go home." I say, heartbroken.

"What? No. I don't want you to leave. Why do you want to leave? Do you not like me? I'm too needy. I know I am. I fuck every relationship up" he says.

"No it's not that. Not you. It's me."

He smirks. "Yeah right. The 'it's not you it's me' story. I have the hotel until Monday, you stay. I'll go home tonight. Or go somewhere."

"No seriously, it's me. I don't know what you've been thinking this week. I know my feelings. And honestly, I'm not happy with how I feel" I try to explain.

"I get it I guess. At least you know how you feel, because I have no fucking idea how to explain my feelings. I will say, I really hope you change your mind and stay with me these next two days."

"You know you have a hickey from last night. How are you going to explain that?" I ask him.

He shrugs his shoulders. "I guess I'll deal with that when I go home."

"Are you mad I did it?"

He smiles. Shakes his head. "No. If I didn't want you to do it I could have told you no."

I don't think I can resist that smile. And really just him. He's always honest and forthcoming with me. I haven't felt like he's lied about anything.

"Let's go back to the hotel" I suggest.

"So what do you want to do tonight?" he asks me when we get back to the hotel.

"Fuck."

He smiles. "Yeah? We could go out if you want."

I walk over to him. Put my arms around him, kiss his neck. "Let's fuck."

He kisses me. I can already feel something in his pants twitch.

I unzip his pants and reach inside. He really does have a beautiful cock. I love touching it.

"I could suck your dick again" I whisper in his ear.

"Or you could let me between your legs" he says.

"I want you between my legs."

"How about my head between your legs?" he asks.

"I don't know. I've never had anyone do that. I think I would feel uncomfortable."

"That's fine. I don't want you to do something you're not comfortable with" he says.

I've had his cock in my hands the whole time. He's so hard now. I kneel down and pull his jeans and underwear down.

My hands around his cock. I don't want to let go. It really is beautiful. I kiss it all over.

He puts his hands on my head, runs his fingers through my hair. "This is so wonderful, but really I want to be with you. I want to make you happy. Let's get in bed."

I kiss the tip of his cock, stand up. I smile at him. Kiss his lips.

He unzips my coat, I take it off and drop it on the floor. He takes his coat off. He looked so funny standing there with his jeans and boxers down around his knees and still had his coat on.

I take his shirt off of him. Then kneel down and untie his shoes to take them off. Then take his socks off.

He takes his jeans and boxers off the rest of the way.

"Are you going to take anything off?" he asks me.

"Maybe. Or I could just enjoy you. Make you feel good tonight" I suggest.

He picks up my hands. "No. I want you to get in bed naked with me."

He starts undressing me.

When I'm naked we get in bed. Like that first night we lay there facing each other. Exploring each other. Our eyes locked while we touch each other.

We kiss for a few minutes. Tasting each other. Enjoying each other.

He reaches a hand up and pushes my hair out of my face. I take his hand in mine. I kiss each of his fingertips.

He leans closer to me and we kiss.

I nuzzle his neck. I love to be this close to him. I love to smell him. Inhale him. I feel like I've known him forever, but like we just met and I need to know everything about him, I pull him to me. Wrap my legs around him. He moves to his back. I'm on top of him.

I move to my knees and straddle him. I just sit on the tops of his thighs. His cock in front of me. I lean down and kiss him. I sit back up and look down at him and smile. I suck on one of my fingers. Lick it. I run it across his lips. Down his chest into his belly button. I see him swallow hard.

I raise myself up, grab his cock and slide him into me.

He puts his hands on my hips and we move into a nice steady rhythm.

I lean forward with my hands on either side of his head. My breasts bouncing so close to his face.

His hips are moving up to meet mine. Everything is perfect. I look down at him. Into those deep blue eyes. He's crying. I'm afraid I'm doing something wrong. Maybe he's not enjoying this.

But he seems to be.

He thrusts his hips up and pulls me to him so he's in as deep as he can get. I know he's cumming. I'm still looking into his eyes.

He looks right at me. "I love you" he says quietly over and over.

He lays back on the bed for about thirty seconds, then he's pushing me off of him. I move as quick as I can. He gets up and runs to the bathroom. I hear him in there throwing up. Should I go see if he's ok? We didn't drink today or tonight so that's not the problem.

I decide I need to go check on him. I find him in the bathroom kneeling in front of the toilet. He's still throwing up. I kneel next to him. Rub his back. "Are you alright? Is there anything I can do?"

He shakes his head.

I get up and get a washcloth wet with cool water. I kneel back down next to him and put it on the back of his neck.

I realize he's still crying.

"Did I do something wrong?" I ask him.

He turns his head and looks at me. He shakes his head no.

"Do you feel better?"

He nods his head.

I take the washcloth from his neck and wipe the tears off of his face. I wipe his mouth.

"Want to come back to bed?"

"Yeah" he says.

I help him up and back to bed.

"Do you want a drink or something?" I ask him.

"Do we have any beer?" he asks.

I look in the mini bar for something. I get a beer when I find one. I open it and bring it to him. I sit next to him.

"Are you alright now? Just feeling sick?"

"I think it's all just starting to feel real. We have to go back to our real lives. This is going to be over. I mean I guess nothing really started. It can't start and be over already can it?" he asks.

"I guess it can. I guess it is."

He walks over to the window and looks out. That same window he stood by that first day. He was so happy. So excited. What a great day that was. I wish we could go back to that day.

He stands there just looking out, drinking his beer.

His phone rings. I know it's her. Who else would it be?

He sighs. Walks over to the nightstand and picks up his phone. He answers it while walking to the bathroom.

 He's in the bathroom for thirty minutes on the phone. I can only hear bits and pieces of what he's saying.

Yes he'll be home Monday in time for their counseling appointment. He still doesn't know what to do. Does she know what to do? Send him the flight info after she books it.

And then the part that crushes me. I hear him say he loves her and always will.

Why am I here? I'm such a fool.

I feel uncomfortable sitting here naked. And after what I heard I don't want to be naked with him again. I get up and put pajamas on. 

I'm not comfortable in the bedroom so I go into the main room and sit on the sofa. I turn on the tv so I don't have to hear any more of his conversation.

I hear him in the bedroom. He doesn't come looking for me. I wonder what he's doing. Maybe he's packing and leaving tonight.

He comes into the main room about ten minutes later. Dressed. Coat on.

"I'm going to go out for a little bit. I'll be back. I just need to... I don't know. Leave I guess. Get away from everything" he says and leaves.

That's just great.

After an hour I get hungry so I get dressed and go down to the restaurant in the hotel.

After I eat, or pretend to eat but really just pick at my food, I head back up to the room and then I remember I have no key to get in.

I stand there by the door trying to figure out what to do. I really think about just leaving, but all of my stuff is in there. Even my purse and phone. All I brought with me was some cash.

Shit.

"Are you ok Miss?" I hear someone ask.

I turn around. There's a man in a uniform there. I just look at him.

"Everything ok?" he asks.

"Umm I seemed to have left my purse in my room. I don't have a key to get in" I explain.

"Oh. Easily solved. Come down to the desk and we can get you a new one" he says.

"I don't know why I didn't think of that. Thanks."

"Come on, I'll go down with you."

We go down to the lobby and he explains that I'm locked out of my room.

"I saw your husband leave awhile ago. Is he not back yet?" the front desk clerk asks me.

I shake my head. "Not yet."

A minute later she hands me a card key.

"Here you go. Do you need any help getting back to your room?" she asks me.

"No I should be fine."

"If you do need anything just call the front desk."

I go to the room and let myself in. He isn't here. I guess he could have been.

I'm tired so I put my pajamas back on. I don't know if he's coming back or not, but if he is, I don't feel right sleeping in the bed with him. I get a blanket and pillow and sleep on the sofa.

I'm not sure how long I sleep for before I realize he's in his boxers and is laying behind me on the sofa.

"This is our last night together, I want to sleep with you" he says.

God he reeks of alcohol.

He tries to pull me closer but I resist.

"You don't want me to sleep with you?" he asks.

"You're drunk."

"A little maybe. But I know I want to sleep with you. It's our last night. This is it. I want to sleep with our arms around each other. Please."

He's right. This is it. Wait this is it? He's leaving tomorrow?

"Tonight is our last night?" I ask him.

"Pretty much. My flight leaves Monday morning at six, so I need to leave here by four. That means be up by three. So I probably won't sleep tomorrow night." he confesses.

This is it. No more sleeping in the safety of these arms.

I roll over to face him and snuggle into him.

When I wake up in the morning neither one of us have moved. I gently move his arm off of me and get up.

I decide to shower. While I'm in the shower I wonder how the day is going to go. Are either of us going to be in a bad mood? Both of us? Should I just pack and go home?

It's our last day, I want to enjoy it. After my shower I get dressed and order breakfast.

I sit next to him on the sofa. I kiss his lips. Stroke his cheek. He opens his eyes and looks up at me. Smiles.

"How do you feel today?" I ask him.

He thinks for a minute. "Confused" he replies.

He reaches up and puts his hand on my cheek.

"Yeah, me too I guess. I ordered breakfast, should be here soon, if you want to get up and dressed."

He yawns. "I need to. Want to. I don't want to waste the day away sleeping."

While he's in the bathroom getting dressed, breakfast gets here. I move chairs over to the table and get it set up.

We sit down when he's dressed. He starts eating, and eating.

"I don't know what it is, but I am always so hungry after I drink too much. And sorry I did. My mind is fucked right now. I honestly don't know what to do."

"I know what we need to do, but that's not necessarily what I want to do. But we have to" I say.

"You're right, I know that. But it isn't fair. Now let's change that subject, what are we going to do today?"

"I don't know. We both slept late, it's nearly noon. Are we going to hang out here all day, or head out somewhere?"

"So we have about twelve hours. We can do a lot. Let's just go walk, see where we end up."

"Ok sounds like a plan. Sort of. It's cold today though, like not quite twenty, so we better bundle up. Are we going to sort and pack stuff before we leave, or later when we get back?"

"Let's wait. Have fun, enjoy each other. Dinner later. Relax. Maybe take a nap. Then we'll pack and get ready to go" he says.

I get up and stand behind him. I rub his shoulders. "You're so smart." I kiss the back of his neck, move my hands down to his chest.

He takes both of my hands, kisses the back of one, then the other. "Or we can get naked and hang out here all day."

I don't reply. He leans his head back and looks up at me. I kiss his forehead.

I actually consider just staying here and getting naked. Fucking a few times. Sleeping, Maybe eating later. Are we going to fuck again? Ever? Is this it? I feel stupid even thinking this, but I'm going to miss his perfect cock.

Someone knocks on our door.

"Were you expecting anyone?" Eddie asks me.

"No one."

He gets up and answers the door. He talks for a minute, then shuts the door. He turns around and holds up a bottle.

"More complimentary champagne since it's our last night here" he says.
