 When we wake up in the morning we don't realize it's Thanksgiving until we see the parade is on. Good thing we fell asleep with the tv on I guess.

We order breakfast, lay in bed watching the parade while we eat.

I feel bad but I am so happy now that I missed my plane. This is so much nicer than dealing with my family.

"What are we going to do today, everything is going to be closed?"

"I'm happy to just hang out here all day. Or we could go to the park again. Let's go to the park. I'll figure out where we can get a thermos and fill it with hot chocolate to take with us. We can come back and warm up in a bubble bath. Then get in bed and warm up some more."

I look at him for a minute. "Sure. Ok."

It's not fair, he's beautiful, fun, sweet, and married.

We do have a perfect day. I have no clue where he got it, but he gets us a thermos filled with hot chocolate.

I let him win the snowball fight today. He says if he wins he gets whatever he wants and that he wants me. How can I not let him win?

We walk back holding hands again.

We stand and kiss when we get to our room. He takes my coat off of me.

"Get undressed, I'm going to start a bath for us."

He walks to the bathroom, I go into the bedroom to get undressed.

"They brought up all kinds of bubble bath, what kind do you want to use?" he asks me from the bathroom.

I strip to my undies and walk in there.

"Nice undies" he says.

He stands up next to me. He puts his arms around me. "Maybe we should skip the bath."

I kiss him. "Maybe. I bet you could warm me up nicely in bed."

"I kind of want to take a bath together though. I've always wanted to and um well...we don't have to" he says.

"Go take your clothes off. I'll finish the water. You better hurry. I'll be waiting in here for you."

He kisses me. "You spoil me. I could get used to this."

"That would be nice. Now go get naked. I'm getting in the bathtub, I'll be waiting."

I dump a whole bottle of bubble bath under the running faucet. I take my underwear off and get in the tub.

He comes in the bathroom a minute later. Naked. Hard. I smile. Raise my eyebrows at him.

"Do you want to skip the bath?" I ask teasing him.

He looks kind of embarrassed. "I hate that sometimes."

"Don't. I really enjoy it."

He gets in the bathtub with me. Water goes over the side.

"Maybe we should turn the water off" I say.

"Probably. Before we flood the whole hotel" he says.

He turns the water off. He splashes me lightly.

"Oh. You want to be like that" I say and splash him back.

He sticks his foot close to my face.

"Why did I agree to this? You're so mean" I say and splash him again.

He moves over to where I am. Sits next to me.

"I wish I had a big tub like this in my house" he says.

I don't want to think about that. I guess he means for him and his wife. He's quiet too, probably thinking about him and his wife taking baths together.

"Maybe I don't need one in my house. No one there to take a bath with" he says.

We're quiet again. I refuse to let this ruin our last few days.

"Hey it's just us here. No one else matters, remember?" I remind him, splashing him.

He smiles, nods his head.

I lean over and kiss his cheek. He smiles bigger. I kiss his lips. He kisses back.

"I've never fucked in a bathtub" I tell him.

"I haven't either. I wonder what it's like?"

"Well, we could find out. If you want" I suggest.

"I don't know. We could try it but then it might be all awkward and weird and we'll be disappointed, or we can just keep the fantasy alive and maybe do it one day."

"Yeah you're probably right" I say agreeing.

"Oh hey, we still have beer, want one?" he asks.

I smile. "That sounds like a good idea."

He gets out of the bathtub, wraps a towel around his waist, and goes into the bedroom. He comes back with the rest of the beer.

He sets the beers right by the tub and he gets back in. He reaches over the side and gets me one. Then he gets one for himself.

We both sit there and drink, quietly. When he's finished with his he blows in the bottle. I look at him and laugh.

"Remember a couple days ago when I said you were weird? I was pretty much right" I remind him.

"I'm weird?" He blows in the bottle a few more times. He tries to make a song but starts laughing and can't do it.

"Yeah. But I told you, I like weird."

I kiss him. Kiss his neck. "I really like weird" I whisper in his ear.

We kiss for a few minutes, then he sits back.

"Want another beer?" he asks me.

"Maybe one more, and then we can go warm each other up in bed" I tell him.

He gets each of us another beer.

"Do you regret not having Thanksgiving dinner?" he asks me.

I think about it. Man I do love to eat everything. I shrug my shoulders. "Yeah I guess in a way. I miss some stuff. Strangely though, not the turkey. The dressing and pies. I miss the pies."

"Yeah? What kind of pies?"

"All. Chocolate cream. Apple. Pumpkin too. And lots of whipped cream."

"You know, we haven't eaten since breakfast. Maybe I should call the concierge and see what he can find for us. Any pie you don't like?" he asks me.

"Um...coconut. Or really anything with meringue. I guess that's it."

After we finish our beers we get out of the tub and dry off.

Eddie kisses me.

"Go get in bed, I have a call to make."

I get in bed while he goes into the main room to make his phone call.

He gets in bed with me a few minutes later.

"Dinner has been ordered. Ok so it's mostly pies, and a lot of whipped cream, but I ordered real food too. But we can eat the pies first."

"Can I ask you something?" I ask him.

"Sure."

"It's none of my business I guess. But I was just curious. Where do you get the money to just decide to fly wherever, whenever, stay as long as you want and buy what you want? You don't have to tell me if you don't want to."

"Well it's my family's money. It was my grandparent's, and then when they both died the money went to my mom. She died in a car accident a few years ago so I got it."

"Oh. I'm sorry. I shouldn't have brought it up" I say.

"It's ok. We weren't real close. I pretty much have no family now though, Have no one, except well..." he says.

No wonder he wants his marriage to work.

"Did your wife know your mom?"

He shakes his head. "No. I met her a few months after the funeral. She really helped me get through everything. I guess I fell in love with her then."

"Yeah?"

He nods his head. "She was there for me. She took care of me. I think then she even loved me, although now I'm not so sure."

"You don't think she loves you now?"

"I don't know. Not like she used to. I'm the one that suggested counseling. I want it to work. Well I wanted it to" he says.

"And now?"

"Now everything is fucked up and I don't know what I want."

"Ok really horrible question, did she marry you for money?" I ask him hoping he doesn't get mad or upset.

He shakes his head. "She didn't really know about it at first. And then before we got married my lawyer said there had to be some sort of prenup. Honestly, I don't care about the money. Yeah it makes life easier for when I need to get away, and to do stuff like this, but if it all went away tomorrow I'd find a way to make things work. I want her to be happy. I want me to be happy. Right now I don't know if that's going to be able to happen with me and her together."

I wake up feeling like I may never eat pie again. So many pies. I feel bad that we wasted a lot too. So sticky. I wish pie and whipped cream weren't so sticky.

He's still asleep. He looks so silly, and cute. Pie or whipped cream, or both, in his beard and mustache. In his hair. What a mess. It was fun and delicious, in so many ways, but a mess.

We're going to have to let house cleaning come in today to change the bedding. I can not be here when they come. What's he going to tell them? Ummm we somehow got pie all over the bed. And well there may be some whipped cream too.

And really, how did it happen? I mean it all started out fine. Innocent.

We knew when we heard the knock on the door that it was room service with the food. He told me to go let them in, I told him no, it was his room. He said it's the honeymoon suite, remember.

I found a pair of my underwear and put them on, picked up one of his tee shirts off the floor and put it on.

"You have to sign this" I loudly say reminding him.

"Sweetheart, you keep forgetting. You're my wife now, you can sign it too."

He comes in the room, with pants on.

He stands behind me and puts his arms around me. "She's so cute. Forgetting she can sign too."

"You really want me to sign this?"

"Yeah" he whispers.

I sign my name, my first name.

"You have to write your last name too. Your new last name" he says.

I just stand there.

"Do you want your pie? Look at all the delicious pie" he says. He sticks his finger in the chocolate pie, one of my favorites, then slides it into my mouth.

I sign his last name.

Eddie hands the receipt to the guy. "Thanks."

He starts to leave.

"Oh wait. Here" Eddie says and hands him a twenty.

"Thank you. Enjoy your um...pie."

I turn around to look at Eddie. "You are really a bad influence. I used to be such a good little girl."

"I've enjoyed making you bad. Do you like being bad?"

I stick my finger in the chocolate pie, then in his mouth.

He grabs my hand. Sucks on my finger. Then licks it. Over and over.

I reach over to the table, to the chocolate cream pie, with my other hand. I stick two fingers in it, then rub them across his lips. He kisses me.

He tastes delicious anyway, but now the combination of him and chocolate pie, it's incredible. He must be enjoying it too, we keep kissing.

He picks me up after a few minutes, carries me to the bed. "I'll be back" he says after he sets me down.

He comes back with the table full of yummy goodies.

"Should we finish the chocolate pie? Try a new one? Eat actual food?" he asks.

I crawl off the bed and walk over to where he is. Next to the table. I pick up a can of whipped cream, toss it on the bed. I take off his shirt and toss it to him. Slide my underwear down over my hips and then off.

"You pick the pie, I have what I want" I tell him.

"Yeah? Are you going to share your whipped cream? Should I get my own?"

I smile and nod my head.

He tosses me a can of whipped cream. "That one's mine. And this we get to share" he says and brings the chocolate pie over to the bed.

He stands next to the bed. I kneel on it next to him. I put my arms around his neck. "Are you taking those off?" I ask and look down at his pants.

He kisses my neck. "You think I should? I think I should."

I nod my head. "Yeah. Take them off" I whisper.

"I'm going to take my pants off, cover you in pie and whipped cream, eat you, and then fuck you. Or fuck you and then eat you, I'm not sure yet."

"Yeah? I like those plans" I tell him.

While he's taking off his pants I pick up one of the cans of whipped cream. I squirt some on him, it hits him right in the ear.

"Tag. You're it" I say.

"That was a dirty shot. I swear you are such a cheater."

He kneels on the bed by me. "You're lucky I'm a nice guy or I would do something like this" he says and squirts whipped cream on my nose.

"Or this." He squirts some on my belly button.

I lay back on the bed. I get the whipped cream he squirted on me and fling it on him.

He lays next to me. "Really. You are lucky I'm a nice guy." He kisses me.

He gets up and picks up another pie. He sets it on the bed by the chocolate one. Then he gets another one. We now have chocolate, apple and pumpkin.

He lays back down next to me. I realize he has a fork. He sticks it in the apple pie, gets some on the fork then feeds it to me. Then he eats some.

He does the same with the pumpkin pie.

"Whipped cream?" he asks me.

I nod my head. He squirts some in my mouth.

"I think I like the chocolate the best, what about you?" he asks me.

I smile. "Yeah."

I squirt some whipped cream in my mouth. "And the whipped cream."

"Oh yeah. The whipped cream is perfect."

He squirts some in his mouth. "So good."

We kiss.

"And the pie is so good" he says.

He sticks his finger in the chocolate pie. Rubs his finger across my lips, around my nipples, then sucks on each one. He rubs more chocolate pie on me, and licks it off.

I reach over and stick my hand in the apple pie, put some in his mouth. "The apple pie is pretty good too."

"Yeah. So good. It's all good. But you taste the best" he says and kisses me.

He puts pie on each of my nipples, then a squirt of whipped cream. He does the same on my mouth. We kiss. He looks at me. Strokes my cheek with his thumb. I touch his lips.

"You have pie everywhere."

"And you have whipped cream" he says. He squirts whipped cream into a heart shape on my belly. He just looks at it for a minute. Then traces around it with one of his fingers.

"Monday is too soon. And it's going to suck" he says.

I put my hand on his cheek, look into those soothing blue eyes. Our eyes lock, but only briefly. I have to look away. I can't cry. I refuse to let myself cry. And then I feel a single tear roll down my cheek.

He brushes it away with his thumb.

"We can't start that now. We have a few days left" he tells me.

I look back at him. Back into those comforting eyes that make me feel safe. Make me feel loved. I smile. He's right. I can't ruin the last few days we do have together.

"That is how I want to see your face from now on" he says and kisses my lips. "With that smile."

We kiss. Delicious chocolate whipped cream, with a slight hint of cinnamon, kisses.

I pull him closer. The whipped cream heart now squashed between us. I can feel it melting from our body heat.

Our bodies seem like they were meant to be together. We fit together perfectly. I feel his now familiar cock easily slide in me. Like that's where it should be. A few days ago we laid here exploring each other, now I feel like I've always known his body.

Our bodies moving together, in perfect rhythm. Breathing in perfect harmony. That's all you can hear, and it sounds almost like it's only one person. So perfectly in sync.

I run my hands across his skin. His shoulders, back, butt. So smooth and warm. And slightly sticky now. I try to run my fingers through his hair but it's stuck together in spots.

I wrap my arms around him and pull him as close to me as I can. I know I'm going to cum soon, and I do.

I curl into him. "Eddie" I say breathlessly in his ear.

He kisses my neck. He knows I'm cumming. He slows down his movements so he can enjoy me tighten around his cock.

I don't want to let him go. This all feels so right. This is how sex should be. This is how love is.

He thrusts in deep, I know he's cumming.

"Eddie" I moan. "I love you."

Did I really just say that? Maybe he didn't hear.

He lays on me for a minute, then moves to his back. He helps me move closer to him so I can snuggle into his chest.

He kisses the top of my head. "I love you."

I smile. I guess he did hear me.

I quietly untangle myself from him and get out of bed. I'm so sticky, I need to shower.

I thought he would wake up while I'm showering, he doesn't.

After I shower and get dressed, I start to clean up a little. I feel so embarrassed about the pie mess. I pick up the pans and put them on the table. I go get the empty beer bottles out of the bathroom and put them on the table too.

He wakes up slightly when I set them down. He rolls to his side and goes back to sleep.

I get my phone and go into the other room.

I dial Michelle's number.

"I thought maybe you were pissed at me or something since you never called me back" she says when she answers.

"Sorry, just got busy, and well, I forgot to call."

"So you found something to keep you busy since you missed your plane. And I will still never figure out how you managed to do that" she says.

"Uh...I...um. It was just really busy. I stopped for coffee and ended up spilling it and um then when I got more I sat and drank it and just lost track of time."

"Did you figure out if you're coming for Christmas?" she asks me.

"As far as I know. Really wish I could be there now."

I stand there looking out the big window. It's snowing, again. Snow and coffee, both are always going to remind me of him.

"I know we would have been out people watching today, instead I'm listening to my sister's argue and my mom tell me I need to find a husband. You are never allowed to ditch me again."

I feel Eddie wrap his arms around me, nuzzles the back of my neck. Kisses my ear.

"It sucks waking up in bed alone" he whispers.

"I'm going to be twenty six this year, why do I need a husband? Do you want a husband? I mean yeah I guess you might, or you did. Do you still?" I hear Michelle asking me.

It's hard to concentrate on what she's saying.

"Come back to bed with me" he says,

"Are you there? Is someone there with you?" Michelle asks me.

"No, no one. It's the tv. Um me married...no. At least I don't think so. Well no not with him, I'm so glad he ditched me. But pretty happy I moved here with him. I think I was supposed to be here. You know at least for these past few months. It's time to go home now though. But I was supposed to be here. Something wonderful was meant to happen" I try to explain.

"Yeah? There's a word for that isn't there? Um like fate, but it's not fate" she says.

"Yeah there is a word for it. Ummm I don't know though."

"Serendipity" Eddie says.

"Serendipity yeah that's it" Michelle says. "Wait, who the hell was that? That was not the tv."

I laugh slightly, it's hard not to, "Um I should probably go. I um...I'll call you later."

"You will not. Don't hang up on me before you explain who that is" she says.

"Really it was the tv, or something like that. Or something I can explain one day" I tell her.

"Will you tell me one thing? Did you miss your plane accidentally?"

"I did. I swear. When I see you at Christmas I'll explain it all to you" I say.

"Promise?"

"You know I will. Every detail."

"OK then. Be good. Not too good. But good. Have fun. Stay safe. I love you" she says and hangs up.

I turn around to face him. Put my arms around him.

"You are a bad boy. Trying to get me in trouble."

He nods his head. Kisses me. He tastes sweet.

He runs his fingers through my hair. "I guess I need to shower. We should go out tonight. Somewhere really nice. We'll get all dressed up. Get a limo."

"Yeah maybe. I'm pretty much out of clean clothes, and I didn't bring anything except jeans and stuff. Even if I went home I don't have anything dressy."

I pull away from him, "I don't ever go anywhere. Don't do anything."

"Then let me show you."

He looks at me. He picks up my hands. "I'll take a shower. Get dressed. Then we're both going to get new clothes for tonight. And if you need other clothes we'll get them too. Then we come back here, get dressed and go out for dinner."

He puts his arms around me. "Let me do this. I want to."

While he showers I start sorting through our clothes all over the floor. I have nothing clean. One more tee shirt, no socks or jeans. I do have a few pair of new underwear since he bought me some.

I look through his stuff. He wears such ordinary clothes. I'm glad. I don't think I would have been attracted to him if he wore expensive stuff. Dressed up.

I find the pants he was wearing when we met. Brown corduroys. Kind of odd to wear when you live in Florida. The blue tee shirt. I wonder if he would think I was weird if I asked him if I could keep it. Maybe I should just take it. Wonder if he would miss it? It really is the exact match to his eyes.

I didn't accomplish much. Now we have a pile of dirty clothes instead of them thrown everywhere I guess.
