 AUTHOR'S NOTE: Serendipity - Moving Day Part 3

Finally finished the Ex's fault series, and thank you for your votes.

This is the series that spawned that 'short' series. It has many twists and turns for everyone.

Many thanks go to RF-Fast for his editing and suggestions that enhanced the story. Any bad grammar left is wholly on me.

LEGALESE: Don't read this if you are underage, if it is illegal in your area, if it is offensive to you, or if you cannot distinguish fiction from reality. This is a work of fiction. All characters active are 18 years of age or older.

Copyright (c) 2014 by Acup

03

Late morning on Sunday, and I was headed over to Mickey's old apartment. Good thing it wasn't very far away. It was going to be tight getting her stuff moved and getting the truck back in time. I pity whoever had to help Mickey move in. She had to pick a third floor apartment. But going down the stairs with boxes on the dolly wasn't too bad. I backed the truck up and went upstairs to see how much of a problem this was going to be. I was pleasantly surprised to find a living room full of boxes, which meant she actually had most of it packed. As Mickey came out of the bedroom I remembered why I was chasing her, she didn't mind showing off her figure and letting her nipples stand out when she was at home. She was wearing a light blue 'exercise' outfit. Not sure what they actually call it, but it looked like a pair of leggings mated to a tank top but all one piece. That in itself would have been nice enough, but a size or two too small and all the lining taken out made it even better. The crotch was pulled up into an extreme camel toe on her shaved pussy. The neck line was low enough to show the edge of her areola right above her hard nipples standing out begging to be played with, even though they could easily be seen through the material.

"I take it this outfit meets with your approval?", she said as she cupped her tits to lift them up a little and jiggle them.

I stepped closer and began running my finger up the cleft of her camel toe, "Take them out."

"Danny! Cindy is in the bedroom!"

"I said take them out.", as I pushed my finger into her camel toe firmly enough to find her clit.

"That's not fair!"

"And?"

"Oh all right!" as she pulled the straps down enough to free those nice C cups and let me lick her nipples while I fingered her clit through the thin material. She was starting to get nice and wet and squirming when Cindy called from the bedroom.

"Hey Mickey, this box isn't big enough for all your toys. You want me to get a bigger box or start a second one?"

"Jeeze Cindy, lets advertise my collection!"

"Well it's not like Danny doesn't have an idea of what you've got. Or did I interrupt something out there?!"

"CINDY!!"

All we heard was giggling from the bedroom. "You know she is hoping to get you all hot and bothered today? She even wore a special bra just for you."

"I thought it was a 'no bra' move?"

"Hey, when you have to carry around a pair of F cups about the only place you go braless is the shower."

"F cups? I thought she was a healthy DDD"

"Yea well she's put on a few pounds. Go take a look."

**************************

OK, I'm Mickey. The instigator of the 'no bra, no underwear' while moving weekend. The girls all agreed to it, hell Tiffany all but wanted to make it a g-string move. Nicole took a little bit of convincing since she is so small chested, but Tiffany and I convinced her that where else could we get moving help just for letting our nipples show. I mean it's not like they had to do anything but let the girls stand out at attention. Speaking of girls, Danny really seems to like mine! As long as we're at home I can let them out, or with Cindy. But any other time these babies are COVERED! I mean I like Danny, and he does wonders for my pussy, but I'm not some cock slut or something... I know I could stand to lose a few pounds, but I'm not really big like my girlfriend Cindy. I'm 175 pounds 36C-28-34, where Cindy is 210 pounds 40F-36-38. She's been my best friend since grade school and we share everything, well almost everything. She gets a little jealous when I tell her about my times with Danny. She keeps saying how she wishes she could find a guy like him. I keep encouraging her to loose lose some weight, but she never does. She even cut the nipples out of one of her old bras and 'volunteered' to come help. Danny will probably keep quite an eye on her, but she knows he's mine... but then we do share just about everything.

***************************

I walked into the bedroom to see Cindy's back as she was loading stuff into a box. She was wearing shorts and a massive bra, four or five hooks, but no top. "You guys really do have everything about ready to move."

"Oh," Cindy jumped and spun around. "I was expecting you two to still be going at it out there for a while."

Well Mickey was right, it was s special bra all right. Cindy had cut about a 1" hole in the tips of her lace bra to let the nipples out. In moving and packing they had worked out a little more so there were two little cones of nipples sticking out. You remember how I said I like big tits and nipples? Unfortunately fat tits are not the same as big tits, and Cindy had fat tits. She had huge areolas and almost no actual nipple. I could see two or three inches of areola through the lace and poking out the hole with an actual nipple the size of a small pencil eraser. "Be careful where you swing those things, they could be dangerous."

Cindy looked down, realized she was standing there without her shirt and her nipples standing out. Her eyes flew wide open and screamed. She grabbed her shirt, pulling it on as she ran from the room pushing past me. I slid down the wall laughing my ass off as she ran. That kinda set the tone between me and Cindy for the year... go figure.

I heard squealing tires and Mickey came walking into the bedroom. "WHAT DID YOU DO?!"

"I didn't do anything. I came in here and she was working without her shirt. She turned around to show off her tits and nipples. I told her to be careful where she swung those things they could be dangerous. She screamed, grabbed her shirt, and ran."

"Great, now I have to go chase her down!"

"No, Cindy needs to deal with her problems and we have a truck to pack. Call her mom so she knows what is going on and let's start loading"

Mickey grumbled a little and went to call Cindy's mom. So much for a wild day today. Al least I got to watch the camel toe and nipples from the front, and the cheek spreader from the rear. I'd swear it was thin enough I could see her ass when she bent over. We started packing the truck with me getting an almost silent treatment from Mickey until Cindy's mom called back that Cindy had arrived home and went straight to her room. The mood lightened up a bit after that. While we were hauling the last of the boxes, I got into her toy box for a look. Mickey had quite a collection. I grabbed a plug and slipped it into my pocket for later.

"We got it loaded up pretty quickly. Anything else we need to care of?" I said as I looked at her nipples standing out.

"I have several things that need to be taken care of, but there's only one problem." She said as she fiddled with the strap of her outfit.

"What's that?"

"Well in order to get this taken care of," as she slid a finger down to her soaking wet and almost transparent crotch, "I have to take the whole thing off."

"So where's the problem?" I grinned.

"I was hoping you'd say that." As she peeled her outfit off.

"How'd you ever get into that thing?"

"It took a while", she said as she rolled it down her waist, "But I don't see any complaints," she said looking at my cock tenting my shorts. "Now give me a hand with the last of it." She lay back on the floor and pointed her legs toward me to peel the rest of it off. I almost fell on my ass as last of it slid down her legs and it finally came off. As I turned back around, Mickey laid with her knees up and spread was reaching down to her pussy, spreading herself in an open invitation. "Is this something you can take care of?"

"Oh yeah." As I peeled off my t-shirt and slid my shorts down.

"Good, now put the cock in her and make me flood!"

She was so wet I slid right in and began sucking on her nipples while we had a nice leisurely fuck. Not too fast and not too slow, but enough to take care of things pretty quickly.

"That was nice Danny, but we have a problem."

"What's that?"

"I packed all the towels. All I have out is the shirt and thong I was going to wear on the trip over."

"I think I have a solution." She gave me a funny look as I grabbed my shorts, and an even funnier look when I pulled the medium sized plug out of the pocket. "Pull your knees up as far as you can."

With her pulled up, I slid out and then popped the plug in in place. "Now bring your knees together before you let your legs down."

"Oh now that's a nice feeling. Your load in me and a plug to keep it in. Where do you come up with these ideas?"

"Not sure, something just came to me." I won't even say I did the same thing to Tiffany yesterday.

We laid there for a few minutes facing each other. Me playing with her nipples and her stroking my semi-hard cock. "Danny, we need to talk about something."

OH SHIT... THE TALK. "OK, anything in particular."

"Where are we going?"

"Well over to the new apartment in a little while..."

"That is not what I mean, and you know it!"

"Oh you mean US..."

"Yeah, I mean US."

"Well we get along pretty well, and the sex is really good."

Mickey turned all shades of red for a few minutes and then finally asked, "The girls at work have said you've had a few girlfriends, but then all of a sudden they are gone. What's up with that?"

This was going to be one of 'those' conversations. Well I kinda liked her, and if it was going to work out this was something we were going to have to talk about anyway. "Basically my problem with some of the other girls was their tendency to play female games. That is something I don't put up with."

"Female games?"

"Yes... Female games. You need me to elaborate?"

"Definitely."

"OK, One; I am who I am. If you feel the need to change me you need to find someone else. Two; don't lie to me. That includes lies of omissions. Don't tell me we're having a nice supper tonight and 'forget' to tell me your parents are coming over. Three; If WE have a problem then WE talk about it. If you have to talk about it to a friend or your mother first then it is YOUR problem not OUR problem. And don't wait a month to talk about something and expect me to come up with immediate answers or even remember what the problem was." I think I came on a little strong with the last one because Mickey kinda pulled back a little. "Sorry, I didn't mean to get so forceful."

"So I take it you've had a few bad experiences?"

"Yea, you could say that... couple that with trying to find someone that doesn't need to hide their figure and it gets nearly impossible."

"Huh?"

"Well like you, for the most part you don't mind showing some cleavage, letting your nipples show a bit at home or wearing form fitting jeans around the house. I enjoy looking at your figure, hell I enjoy looking at women in general."

"No kidding..." She giggled

"Yea, but I look at it this way. If you want to dress to hide your figure then you have no reason to give me shit about looking at other women."

"I don't know... even if we're a couple or married?"

"I didn't say touch or play with, I said look. And in my book, if you dress or behave one way, and then do something different after we get together and you've 'hooked' me, it's the same as lying to me because you were putting on a false show to get me. That goes for sex as well. What we do now before we get together, we keep doing. A 'we've been together long enough I don't have to do that anymore' attitude, will get you out the door quicker that anything"

"OK..."

"Like I said... female games. I don't have a need or the time for them."

Sooooo, back to my first question... what about US?"

"Well we get along good, and you don't hide your figure... much."

"Much?"

"Well, for the most part you don't mind the low neck lines and form fitting jeans. I love a little camel toe and jeans that are cheek splitters. But then most women don't have too much problem with that. I wish you would let your nipples stand out more when you're not at home though."

"I guess I could live with that..." she said hesitantly.

"Really... OK, how many padded bras do you have compared to unpadded and unlined?"

"Well..."

"Do you even own any half cup or open nipple bras?"

"WHAT!?"

"That's what I thought... Most women think wearing a lacy bra under a top thick enough you have no idea it's there qualifies. Or what about the lacy black bra lined with a tan liner to try to make it look like an unlined bra... who do you girls think you are fooling?"

"But..."

"Yes I like your butt, but we're talking tits and nipples right now." Mickey just looked at me with her mouth opening and closing like a fish out of water. "Come on and put your shirt and thong on, we have to get this stuff over to the new place and get it unloaded so I can get the truck back."

"OK, but we're not done with this conversation."

"Anytime Mickey, anytime."

"OK, meet you over at the new place." She pulled her thong on and slipped her button up shirt on, only doing up a few buttons. "How's this?", she asked, flashing her tits as she went out the door.

Not bad I thought to myself, but I bet she doesn't even realize she's wearing a shirt with two pockets to hide her tits.

I closed the door and went out to the truck. Mickey waived as she went by in my van while I was climbing up into the truck. I made the drive over thinking about Mickey driving in a shirt and thong with a plug in her pussy. I bet she'll be wound up real nice by the time we get things unloaded.

I got to the new place and backed up to the balcony, then went inside to remove the railing. "MICKEY"

"I'm in here, will be out in a minute."

I slid the bed and frame into the living room. That is what room was left after Tiffany and Nicole had been going through things. Once I made a path to Mickey's room, I grabbed the dolly and started moving boxes, getting the last one out as the sun was setting. Mickey was coming out as I was going in with a stack and we almost collided. She was still in her shirt and thong, but the shirt was now completely unbuttoned giving a nice glimpses of tits and nipples as we unloaded the boxes.

"I have to take the truck back, you want to follow me back in my van? We can stop and get your car on the way back."

"Tiffany and Nicole are getting my car, so all we have to do is take the truck back."

"OK, let me close up the truck and we can go."

She followed me to drop off the truck and was sitting in the passenger seat waiting on me after I left the keys in the night drop box.

Once I climbed in Mickey swiveled the captain's chair to face me and put one leg on the back of my seat and the other on the dash and opened her shirt. "Lost your thong did you?" as I looked down at her plug filled pussy.

"Nope, left it at home. You mind?"

"Not at all, but I have something else you need to work on." As I pulled my shorts down and stroked my hardening cock. "You have a problem with a mobile blow job?"

"Nooooo, I... I just never did one."

"Same thing as in bed, but with a little less room to maneuver."

She thought about it a bit and then slowly said "OK" and then kneeled down between the seats and began a nice slow but serious blowjob as we made the short drive back to the apartment.

I reached down to fondle her left tit as encouragement and it worked. Cupping her tit and twirling her nipple and she was doing her very best to inhale my cock. After a few minutes I had to let her know. "You keep going and I'm going to cum." All I got was a "Mmmmmm" in response and a renewed effort to attempt to stuff my cock further down her throat. "I'M CUMMING."

Mickey began swallowing as fast as she could. I have to give it to her, she kept up pretty well, but some managed to dribble out and onto her tits and nipples. A little even hit her shirt. "How was that?"

"That was fantastic. See you had nothing to worry about, but we'll have to wait until we get back to the apartment for me to return the favor."

"Oh, I'm going to hold you to that!"

Mickey reached for some napkins to wipe her mouth and then started to wipe her chest. I grabbed her wrist. "Leave it, it looks so sexy."

We rode the last bit with her sitting there spread for me to look at with cum on her chest. Man what a sight. She buttoned a couple of the lower buttons enough to keep her shirt closed to get into the apartment. As soon as she got in the apartment she turned to walk backwards and opened her shirt. "Now what was that about returning the favor?"

"How about a nice shower and then we continue this some more?"

"Works for me. You going to make sure all the right parts are nice and clean?"

About that time Tiffany came in from her bedroom. "And if he doesn't, let me know girl. You look nice and tasty with all that man frosting!"

"TIFFANY!" Mickey screamed as she pulled her shirt closed and ran for her bedroom.

"Nice work getting her to wear a plug by the way. Keep something in her and commando if you can and it will keep her ready all the time." Tiffany said with a wink as she disappeared back into her room. Hmmmm so Tiffany goes both ways, didn't think of it, but after the last few days it doesn't surprise me.

I was walking into the bedroom and heard the shower go on. I stripped down and went into the bathroom. Mickey had just gotten the water right and was reaching down to remove the plug when I came in. "Ah ah ahhhh. No just popping it out. Either leave it in 'til the end of the shower or sit back and show me as you pull it out."

"You want me to do what?!!"

"Like I said earlier. I'm not looking for a woman that wants to hide her figure, or her sexuality for that matter"

Mickey hesitated for a second and then said, "Well I need to get it out, so how do we do this?"

"Lean back and spread your legs" I said as I began stroking my cock in front of her. She licked her lips and then did just that. "Now SLOWLY pull it out. You can even put it in and out a bit, but when it's completely out sit there for a few seconds and feel you pussy draining everything I put in earlier. OK?"

Mickey reached down and gradually pulled it out. Just as I thought, as the thickest part slipped free she couldn't resist sliding it in and out for a couple of times and then pulled it free. There was a slight delay and then everything from earlier came oozing out, running down the crack of her butt to her ass before dripping off into the toilet. Her eyes flew open. "Oh that is almost too much. I could almost cum again just from feeling it running out of me."

"Maybe another time I'll make you cum from that, but I'll put several loads into you over the course of a day to drain all at once. Make you walk around with a plug and a few loads in you in a short skirt and no underwear?" Mickey got a hungry, wild she cat look on her face and dove onto my cock I was stroking right in front of her. "Oh you like the idea of being my sex slave do you?"

"I'm not completely sure yet, but we can discuss it later. Right now we need to finish the shower so we can continue this in bed!" She stood up and I got a gorgeous sight of cum still dribbling down her thigh.

"Damn that looks sexy!"

Mickey looked back at me looking at her. "Men; you just like marking your territory don't you?"

"Not sure if it's my territory yet, but I have no problems in marking it if need be."
