 AUTHOR'S NOTE: Serendipity - Back to The City and Mickey's eviction

Many thanks go to RF-Fast for his editing and suggestions that enhanced the story. Any bad grammar left is wholly on me and my artistic style.

LEGALESE: Don't read this if you are underage, if it is illegal in your area, if it is offensive to you, or if you cannot distinguish fiction from reality. This is a work of fiction. All characters active are 18 years of age or older.

Copyright (c) 2014 by Acup

*****

12 - Back to The City and Mickey's eviction

I woke to sunshine and my little chocolate pixie curled up and watching me.

"Good morning."

"Good morning beautiful."

"Why do you keep saying things like that?"

"Well according to you I don't say things that aren't true so it must be a fact you're drop dead gorgeous!" and pulled her up for a nice long kiss.

"As much as I'd like to continue this, your other sex slave should just about be finished with breakfast. We have a plane to catch in a few hours, remember?" she said laying on my chest looking at me.

"Ugh!"

"Yea, I know what you mean. I just got things started and now I have to leave our home to go back to..." Her eyes bugged out at what she had just said and looked at me worried.

I just smiled at her. "You are and will always be number one in my life. And yes this is OUR home. I know the foreseeable future will not be easy. But we will be together as much as possible. And I hope somewhere, hopefully sooner rather than later, you will make the move back out here if you still want to."

"Back... I never want to leave! But we need to get going." We made it to the shower with lots of groping. I love the way her nipples harden in the palm of my hand, and the way the suds look on her luscious chocolate body. We held each other in silence, not wanting it to end. Sliding back and forth across each other. The water started to cool and we had to finish, towel off, and get back to the real world. 

It was enchanting watching her put her collar back on smiling while looking me in the eye. She was amazing, she watched me get dressed for travel with nothing but her collar on. Just as I was buttoning up my shirt she reached over and pulled her tube dress and flip flops on and we were ready to go. And breakfast was smelling pretty good from downstairs.

"Hey there sleepy heads, you run the hot water out again?"

"Jean, you need to find the biggest water heater you can get and then have TWO put in!" The girls just giggled.

"You two eat up, Gladys and a few of her friends showed up about fifteen minutes ago while you two were frolicking in the shower. I'm headed over to see how things are going." She left in her jeans, boots, and her top unbuttoned and tied under her tits making them even more conspicuous if anything. She looked totally in her element.

We ate in silence, looking at each other, eating slower and slower, not wanting it to end. We finally finished and looked at each other. "I guess we better go and see all the commotion over there before we go." I grabbed her hand and we headed over to the ruckus. Here was a three ring circus with a little midget in the center of it. Just beyond her was a several dozen horses with their heads in the grass. 

"So how's it going pipsqueak?"

"Hey smart ass, looks like you finally made it out of bed!"

"What can I say, my girls left me drained!"

Nicole glared at me, "You did not just say that!"

Gladys just shook her head. "So how much can we use?"

"Well it's like Jean was saying. Around sixty five acres at least, maybe even close to seventy. That going to be enough?"

"We've been surviving on a little under twenty. The horses will be in heaven!"

"Yeah, I see they didn't make it very far out of the trailers, ya gotta love geldings. Take 'em to food and that's it! Your only water that I know of is here at the house and a bit of a pond toward the back center middle if the property documents are correct, so plan accordingly."

Gladys got serious and came closer to have a more private conversation. "This is real nice Danny, but what's it going to cost us?"

I was a bit stunned. "What do you mean?"

"I mean what is it going to cost us? We're in the middle of lease negotiations on the other property right now. No matter what the paperwork says, there is always little got ya's."

This wasn't what I had in mind. "So how does the other property cost you if you're a non-profit?"

"Oh we get the land lease donated, but then there are maintenance fees, utilities at inflated prices, tack storage and other miscellaneous expenses. It still costs us several thousand dollars a month for everything even before we buy hay and feed."

"Sounds like you're getting screwed."

"Yeah... and without the benefit of Vaseline!"

I tried not to laugh. "That brings quite a picture to mind Gladys!" She tried to hold it in, and then burst out laughing as well. When we settled down we got back to business. "Do you have anything permanent over there?"

"Nothing really. A phone line and some stuff in an extra stall we've converted to an office. We have some equipment but that's about it...why?"

"Not sure yet." That made Nicole raise an eyebrow, she knew something was up. "Just thinking. If you could eliminate ninety or ninety five percent of your monthly expenses how long would it take you to put up a barn of your own?"

"We've already got about sixty percent of a barn fund now, that was the sticking point of this year's negotiations. We were working on getting a small corner of the property deeded over to us so we would own our own barn and the land it sits on. Probably a few months depending on exact numbers... What are you thinking?"

"Hang on a second, let me bounce something off my ladies." I grabbed Jean and Nicole and we walked a few feet away.

"OK, Danny, I know that look. What do you have in mind?"

"You know me so well my little chocolate pixie!" she just smiled. "Well how about they move their whole operation over here. Let them put stuff that needs to be stored inside in the 'sorority house' mud room until something else can be built. They can use their barn fund and most of what they were using for monthly expenses to getting the barn up that much quicker. The only thing I would be worried about is the phone line if the other guy wants to be an ass about things."

"That won't be a problem," Jean chimed in, "Her sister-in-law works for the phone company. She can get things done in a day or two instead of a month if she needs to."

"Perfect! This will work out for everybody!" We headed back over to an apprehensive little Gladys and a few of her volunteers. "Gladys, do you have a dollar?"

"Yea... Why?"

"Give me a dollar Gladys." She looked at me and then my girls who were smiling at her. She stopped at Jean who nodded to her. She fished into her pocket and pulled out a crumpled wad of bills. She peeled out a bill and handed it to me tentatively. "Now shake my hand." And I put it out to her, she looked to Jean again and then shook my hand.

Now in a louder voice for all to hear. "OK people, Gladys and I have agreed to a ninety nine year lease for sixty plus acres for the whole sum of one whole dollar and you are witnesses." Applause erupted., back between us. "You may put things that need to be out of the weather in the mud room of the 'sorority house' until you have a place to put them. You may have the utilities in your groups name to get the proper discounts. You can park your trailers here on the gravel lot until we get things worked out."

"But there is one favor I would like to ask of you in return." Gladys got the pissed 'got ya' look. "When you call your sister in law to get your line moved in a hurry, do you think you could ask if they could bump the installation Jean is going to be calling in for my place bumped up on the schedule at the same time?"

She looked stunned, and then looked to Nicole shaking her finger. "You know he's an asshole... Making me think something bad was coming!"

"Yea, but he's a nice kind of asshole isn't he?" and gave me a quick kiss.

"Tell you what, let me have my sister-in-law place the order. She gets a commission and can put her initials on it to make sure there are no screw ups. What are you looking for?"

"At this point, two lines with the option for at least two more maybe even six total, and a high speed data line." Jean started to say something, but I stopped her. "I know Dean and Bob both said I didn't need it, but I have a nagging feeling I will need it for something so humor me. Easier to cancel than to get a rush installation. Any problems with that Gladys?"

"Phone lines by tomorrow or Saturday probably. Data line could take a week or two depending on available circuits."

"Works for me, took two months back in The City. Speaking of which, Jean needs to get us to the airport. I'll see you in about a week when I get back."

"I'll go change and get my car ready. I should be ready to go in about twenty minutes Master." And she turned and headed for the house.

Gladys' eyes bugged out, and looked at me and then at Nicole.

Nicole reached up and tugged at her collar, "Our Master takes VERY good care of us! And I have a home full of furniture to prove it!"

Gladys looked like a fish out of water with her eyes bugged out and mouth hanging open.

"Nicole, I think Gladys here is about to have an overload. How about we take a walk while we're waiting on Jean and look at where we want the gate?"

We took a stroll down the drive on a nice sunny fall day. I was hoping we could find a spot for the barn near the road, otherwise it was going to cramp the nudist life style. There looked like a few possibilities using a couple of old field access points. 

Jean pulled up. "What you guys doing all the way up here?"

"Looking at possible locations for the barn."

"I thought you were going to put it near the houses?"

"Jean, what do you think the possibility is of being able to run around in your birthday suit with a bunch of volunteers across the street?"

"OH SHIT! I hadn't thought of that!"

"Yeah, I got to thinking about that right after I made the deal, but I'm not going to back out so we have to make the best of it. From the looks of the plot map, the gravel lot was supposed to be where the street made a turn over and then was supposed to come back around to the street, making a loop. If we put the barn and volunteers over on the far side, where the other street was going to be, and they use behind us and near us as hay fields then I think it should work out. I think Gladys will agree to that when she realizes some of her volunteers stand a good chance of seeing her skinny dipping in the pool otherwise."

Jean just laughed, "Yea, the pipsqueak is pretty wild around us, but some of her volunteers are the prim and proper types and might not stay when they find out about our wild landlord! Let's head for the airport so I can get back and break the news to her! You have to squeeze in the front with me, the back seat is still my closet until I get things in the house."

Nicole pushed me in first to be in the middle and her on the outside. They looked at each other and nodded. I've learned when I'm being set up for something. They leaned forward and rolled their outfits up around their waists, each took one of my hands and put it against a shaved pussy, putting my fingers in against their clits.

"Now we're ready to go, head for the airport."

"Yes Mistress." And away we went. Even with the windows open the wonderful aroma of wet pussy was getting strong. Life is good.

The nice part of being on this end of town is being close to the airport, so we arrived about twenty minutes early. I saw the plane near the end of the private plane area, but it was closed up and no sign of the pilot. I had Jean drive down near the plane. I got out and looked around, and still no sign of him. I was about to get back in the car when a familiar face came walking back toward us, he was the pilot from the trip out.

"Hey guys, I'm not used to people being ahead of schedule, sorry about the wait. The big wig wanna be's should be fashionably late as usual." He looked a little frazzled until Nicole came around the corner of the car. She has that effect on me too!

"You know I don't care what else goes wrong today if you are going to be around!"

Jean hit him with the double whammy getting out of the driver's side. "You know Nicole, I do believe this fine young gentleman is hitting on you, either that or he's had a really shitty day and it's only ten o'clock!"

"I almost wish it was the former, but unfortunately it's the latter. I'm Justin by the way." And reached out to shake hands. The girls decided to lean forward to shake hands instead of stepping forward, giving him a nice top down profile of their tits and nipples.

"Now girls, as much as Justin and I enjoyed that, I don't think it will help what ever problems he's having."

It took Justin a moment to come back to earth. "Um no, not unless one of you wants to be a stewardess?"

Jean spoke up, "I've always wanted to try that!"

"Jean, you have contractors to meet today and a pipsqueak to get lined out. So I'm afraid unless Nicole wants to give it a try we aren't going to be able to help Justin."

Nicole looked at him, "So what's all involved in this?"

"Not much really. I don't usually bother. But with this group it's more keeping them honest about what they get out of the liquor cabinet than anything. Last time they claimed they didn't get anything and yet the cabinet was mysteriously empty when we landed. And as much as I'd like to take you up on it, I don't think you have quite enough on to be my stewardess. Even though you'd keep them from being a royal pain in my ass!"

Nicole was thinking nasty thoughts from the gleam in her eye. "Would a vest and skirt work OK?"

"I don't see why not. It's not that I don't like your dress, but we have to maintain a bit of a corporate look."

She turned to Jean, "You wouldn't happen to have that stretchy vest you wore in the restaurant the other night would you?"

"Yeah, it's in the car."

"OK, give me your skirt and that vest." Nicole peeled off her tube dress and Jean dropped her skirt and started to hand it to Nicole.

"OH MY GOD!" Justin yelled.

Nicole and Jean started twisting and looking around like something was running around on the ground, and giving Justin quite the look at their bodies when they could. Those girls were perfectly evil in showing off when they could...god I loved it!

Nicole started screaming, "What is it? What are we looking for?"

Justin was staring at her. "You're not wearing any underwear!"

She stopped cold and got the 'ask a stupid question' look. "Well of course NOT, HE doesn't allow it! How would he be able to play with me if I did any way?" And the girls turned back to the car to get the vest.

"Now Nicole, I did not say that."

She stormed back to me, hands on hip of a beautiful naked body, tits jiggling what they could as she walked, then stopping and thrusting her chest out without being too obvious... "You most certainly did, and I quote, 'As far as I'm concerned you should never wear a stitch of clothing again unless it flaunts your figure and doesn't get us in trouble with the law.' End quote!" and turned back to Jean handing her the vest.

She put it on and Jean began cinching up the vest adjustment strap on the back, both of them bottomless. Once they were satisfied, and had thoroughly teased Justin twisting and turning every which way to show ass and pussy off. Only then did they put their skirts back on.

"So will this do?" Lifting her arms and doing a little twirl.

"WOW! Not quite corporate regulation, but I don't think these idiots will mind. Thank you, you've cut my problem load in half."

I looked at him, "So what's the other problem?"

"Every time these idiots come on board they have all sorts of questions and want to sit up in the cockpit and get their picture taken. One even started playing with switches and damn near crashed us once!"

"You know Justin, back when I was a kid I flew with the Civil Air Patrol. I remember whenever one of the pilots had a check ride we weren't able to go along and put command hours in."

"I just had my check ride in this aircraft a couple months ago though."

"These guys don't know that do they?"

"Some how I don't think you'll pass for an FAA check ride pilot."

"I bet with your extra jacket and a clip board they won't question a thing. Especially if I'm already on the plane, and give you a little grief when they show up late."

"Oh that works, they won't be able to pull the same thing at the layover either."

"Huh?"

"Well not really a lay over, but they like to turn it into one. Between showing up late and wanting to grab lunch at the stop instead of just dropping off one of the guys at the stop, I usually lose about an hour on the outbound leg. Then I have to hustle to the next stop for my pickup back home instead of getting myself something!"

"Leave it all up to me, I love putting assholes in their place!"

Nicole turned to me all sloppy sweet. "Now Danny don't strain yourself. Yesterday you put one in jail... Remember?"

Justin looked a little concerned. "Now Nicole, it wasn't all that. Somebody else put all the pieces in place for them to screw up, I just made sure they did it where it would cost them the most. So what do you say Justin, want to mess with some idiots?"

Justin looked between Jean, Nicole, and me. "I tell you what, you keep those ASSHOLES," nodding toward me, "under control, and I'll waive the tag along fee for you two!"

Nicole got a twinkle in her eye, "Time to have some fun! When are they supposed to be here?"

"Well they were SUPPOSED to be here ten minutes ago, which means they will probably show up in about fifteen minutes. Let's show you around the cabin, and get you a jacket," nodding to me, "and we should be all set when they finally get here."

We each got a quick kiss from Jean before she headed off, much to Justin's amazement, that and she flipped the back of her skirt up behind her to flash him again as she was leaving.

Justin showed Nicole around the cabin, explained the liquor and mixer cabinet, and reminded her it was a cash bar no matter what the idiots claimed while stealing quick glances down her vest at her nipples standing out proud, white bands on black nipples do that... We went forward and got his spare jacket just about the time the five idiots came walking up. All laughs and big shot attitude.

Justin had no more hit the ground to get them into the plane when I stuck my head out the door. "Let's get these slackers on board Justin, you're not my only check ride today!"

I caught him a little off guard, but he recovered nicely. "Gentlemen this is FAA check pilot Stanley, he will be riding with us today. If you would please board the plane we will be on our way." They got on board like meek little sheep. Justin was bringing up the rear with a huge grin on his face. Of course the mood lightened significantly when they saw Nicole, but now she was the shepherd of the baaaad sheep. Sorry I couldn't help myself.

Justin and I barely had the cockpit door closed when he dropped into his seat in a laughing fit. "Man I knew it was coming, but that was priceless. They went from big wig wanna-be's to meek little boys in a heartbeat!"

"I've seen it too many times, the big fakers are all bluster until they are called on it by someone that doesn't care about them. Then they collapse like a house of cards. Speaking of the idiots, how far behind are they going to put us with this stunt?"

"Depends, if we skip the planned stop over for a quick stop for the one guy we could just about get back on schedule with the tail wind today."
