 AUTHOR'S NOTE: Serendipity - Mothers Milk

Many thanks go to RF-Fast for his editing and suggestions that enhanced the story. Any bad grammar left is wholly on me and my artistic style.

LEGALESE: Don't read this if you are underage, if it is illegal in your area, if it is offensive to you, or if you cannot distinguish fiction from reality. This is a work of fiction. All characters active are 18 years of age or older.

Copyright (c) 2014 by Acup

 SUBMISSIONS 

Dear readers,

Some of you have been asking about the frequency of the chapters being posted to Literotica. I am submitting the chapters approximately every week, usually on Friday or Saturday. As soon as they clear the backlog of all the other wonderful writers submissions you get to enjoy them.

And because my note at the end of the story doesn't seem to do any good...

PLEASE VOTE I'd love to get above 3% of you readers voting...

*****

I managed to roll out of bed in the morning, wash the grit out of my eyes and stumble down to the kitchen for some cereal. I grabbed a little bottle of milk and dug in. It was a lot sweeter than I thought it should be, and checked the cereal box. Same brand, must be a different processing plant, and munched on.

Maria came in with the little one latched onto her tit, "Danny, how come your using my milk?"

I was watching the little one enjoying that milk filed tit, so it took me a few seconds to respond "Sorry Maria, I didn't realize. I'll pick some more up when I'm in town later." I told her between bites.

"NO Danny, MY MILK..." and cupped her tit, grinning at me trying not to be obvious at looking back where I was just staring.

I smiled with a mouth full of cereal, shrugged at being caught looking at her chest, then swallowed, "That's why it tasted so sweet!" and took another bite.

"You are WEIRD!"

I just took another bite. "And you are still delicious on both ends!" It's fun to watch a woman blush. "So where is everyone?"

"Jean took Maribel to work so I would have the car here to bring us both home later."

"Not the best arrangement."

"It was fine at the apartment, only ten blocks away. Now it's a ten minute drive. Not bad, but not walking distance either."

"How come you were both home yesterday?"

"Maribel got the day to do the last of the things to settle here. I only work two or three days a week depending on what needs done."

"What do you two do?"

"The corner dry cleaners, Maribel is full time. I'm a commission seamstress depending on what needs altered."

"Sounds like we could have used you last week back in The City."

"How's that?"

"Nicole saw a dress she liked, but it was a little too conservative and not enough options for an enlightened woman and they wouldn't accommodate her."

"A little too conservative with you doesn't tell me much." She grinned watching me looking at her tits and nipples...again.

"Well let me see if I can describe it, and remember I'm a guy!" she snickered at that. "It had a wide beaded collar with pleated strips down over her tits to an above the knee skirt."

"I've seen some stuff like that around, what did she want to have done?"

"Well first off the collar had to be interchangeable so she could wear her white collar with any color dress. The pleated strips needed to be narrower and thinner so her nipples would stand out or be able to show through them if she wanted. The skirt needed to be mid-thigh at the longest but preferably shorter. It also needed to be slit to the waist on both sides so I can reach in and play whenever I want. She would prefer the pleats and skirt to be able to separate as well if possible."

"Sounds like some of the stripper outfits I've done without all the glitz. Anything else?"

"Oh yeah, the sales girl couldn't seem to understand why Nicole wanted elastic in the collar to accommodate me."

"Accommodate you?" and gave me a strange look.

I smiled. "Nicole has no gag reflex and enjoys deep throat." I was glad I was sitting on the other side of the island. She spit out what she had and started coughing enough that I thought she was going to dislodge Maya. She finally settled down enough to stare at me. "Hey don't believe me. Ask Jean or any of the other girls that were here last week when we moved in. Nicole is proud of her skills." She still wasn't saying anything. 

"Well I'm off for the hardware store in a bit so I can put the boiler system in this afternoon. If you have hot water stuff to do you probably will want to do it this morning." I drank the last of 'her' milk from the bowl and put it in the sink to rinse. I squeezed her ass and gave her a quick kiss on my way to the garage to check out the boilers.

Everything was about what I was expecting. I stopped on the way out to talk to the guys doing the gate and everything was going good. They should be hanging gates Monday or Tuesday and be fully operational by the end of next week.

Next stop was the rescue operation. "IT LOOKS LIKE A THREE RING CIRCUS AROUND HERE BUT I DON'T SEE ANY MIDGETS!!" Several of the ladies gasped and glared at me.

From behind the crowd I heard, "BUT IT SOUNDS LIKE THE CLOWNS HAVE ARRIVED!" And the way parted for Gladys to come running and jumped at me. I managed to catch her and got several kisses for my trouble. That got a lot of ohhs and ahhhs from the crowd that a moment ago could have thrown daggers at me, mostly ladies. 

"Sorry ladies, he's off the market." My ego is glad to say I got quite a few boos. "For those of you that haven't met him, this is Danny, he owns the property we have been given space on." That got me a round of applause! "Now back to work all you bums while I show the big shot around." That got her some raspberries as I put her back down, letting my hands run down her sides to see what she was wearing under her shirt. Hmmm, no bra straps. Not that I could really tell, but I could imagine...

"So I take it things went pretty good after I left last week?" We started walking through things, looking down and imagining her jiggling under her western shirt.

"I took your queue from dealing with the realtor and had my own fun with the rancher we were renting from. I called my sister and had the number temporarily forwarded to my home phone. We got several trailers ready and I went back to talk with him. A soon as I was in his office with him, the crew pulled in and cleared out our stall office into one trailer. All the feed and tack into another, the bale rings and feeders onto a flatbed. Then they filled our three horse trailers and four more of our volunteers' trailers with horses all in about thirty minutes. As soon as I saw the last trailer ready to pull out I told him his terms were unacceptable and that we would not be renewing our lease with him."

"Got him a little riled did it?"

"Not at first, and then he made veiled threats about our things stored there and our feed and tack being mixed with his."

"I told him not at all and that everything was already sorted out. With that I walked out the door, hopped in a truck, and we rolled on over here! I know he was hollering something as we drove away, but I wasn't listening." We were out past the tent and trailers to the horses, all with their heads in the grass. I saw my tractor coming up to the fuel tank with a VERY buxom older redhead in shorts and a muscle t-shirt, DD if not DDD torpedo tits! WOW!

"So you're the one that absconded with my tractor?" She looked worried until Gladys gave it away by laughing. "See you ruined it Gladys, I had her totally convinced I was an asshole until you had to laugh."

She slapped me on the ass, partially because that was as high as she could reach. "Don't pay any attention to him, he's just the landlord." And drug me away. 

"So how much of a problem will it be to operate out of the tent and trailers for a while?"

"Not much really. As soon as we get a copy of the lease, the building guys said they will start with our building with what we have in the fund and let us make payments."

"Well then we're waiting on zoning. As soon as the zoning changes, the property closes, and Chuck can give you the lease paperwork. Were you able to get everything out over there?"

"Everything but the six big round bales, and I think this will more than make up for it. As tall as this was, I bet we get at least a bale and a half per acre if not more. We're not touching a strip along the back as far as bailing. That is the fox's territory, so you were right about the sixty to sixty five available after you take out that and the area around the houses. We saw signs of three or four fox dens out there even!"

We were walking back past my tractor, and I could have sworn I saw HUGE nipples standing out on these torpedo tits! "To bad we couldn't set up a raised blind to watch them. So how bad is it going to be to have all this baled?" I looked down at her talking to me, and getting a bit of a look down her shirt at a bit of cleavage, and no sign of a bra... hey! When the opportunity arises...

"The whole thing will be less than this months rent would have been back at the old place since you let us use the tractor."

"Oh that reminds me. I talked with Jean, and I agree with her on the tractor use."

She stopped and turned to me, "WHAT TRACTOR USE????"

"Relax pipsqueak, you keep the area around the houses and road knocked down decent so all I have to do is take the rider nearby and you can use it for the cost of taxes and upkeep plus a dollar."

She pointed to the nice nippled torpedo tit lady, "You heard him Francis, you're a witness to this!" She just smiled and went back to fueling the tractor, jiggling nicely as she turned, those huge nipples moving WONDERFULLY inside that top.

"There are two stipulations to this..."

"DANNY..."

"You have to buy your own bale spear and counter weights, and..."

"AND???"

"And... you have to keep it over here so it doesn't clutter up my garage."

She jumped toward me again. I caught her backing up a few steps in doing so, and stood her up on the front tractor tire for a proper hug. I didn't feel bra straps on her back, but I did feel nice nipples in my chest! Francis was around the back putting up the fuel hose, sooooo. "Hmmm, braless. Next thing you're going to tell me is you're commando under those tight jeans!" as I slid my other hand down and cupped her ass before bring the first one up to give her tit a quick squeeze between us.

She smiled that coy 'How did you guess' smile. "If I didn't think Nicole would kill me and I'd lose most of my volunteers, I'd ravish you right now!"

"If you ask her nice she might let you join my little harem." I leaned around a bit and kissed the side of her neck as I slid my hand from on her shirt on one side, to inside her shirt on the other. Normally this would have been a problem with her shirt buttoned up, but as I began to slide my hand over and catch the edge of her shirt, she looked around quick and then pulled the snaps open to let me slide in and get a nice handful.

I pulled back a bit to look her I the eye and whispered, "Almost makes me want to nibble on them..." she looked around again and pulled her shirt open even further, pulled my hand off her tit and arched her back to lift her tit towards my mouth. I smiled and lowered my lips to her nice little handfuls while I brought both hands down and around to her ass, massaging both cheeks and running a fingernail over the seam in the crack of her ass.

It was a nice few moments until noises from Francis finishing up on the other side of the tractor made her jump and cover. We just grinned at each other, and I gave her ass one last squeeze and her tit one last grope through her shirt before setting her back down on the ground. I did manage to run my thumbs over her nipples as I did so...

"And you better make sure you watch the flags when you do the mowing." I began talking as if I hadn't just been molesting this little woman, "We wouldn't want an unenlightened volunteer making the rounds around the house on the wrong day with the green flag up, now would we?" She looked stunned and put her hand over her mouth forgetting for a moment that her hand was all that was keeping her shirt closed and those nice little tits covered. "YEAH! That's what I mean. See you do have a few responsibilities if you're going to use it." Blatantly staring at her bared chest!

It was al I could do not to laugh as she realized she was flashing her tits at me again and scrambled to button up enough to cover as Francis sounded like she was about done on the other side. "Now I'm off to get some plumbing supplies. I have to pull out the water heater and get the boiler installed. If it's any good you can have it for over here. It's too wimpy for a decent shower but would be fine for horse baths and hand washing." I waived to her and made my way out past various volunteers saying thanks and shaking hands. The last I saw she was still standing there, a lump of nipple highlighted in the cross lighting.

Now on the road to Dean's shop and then pick up my plumbing stuff. Then I had real work to do. Dean and I had a good conversation. I would let things slide if he wanted to pursue Jean. When the time came we would do the collar thing. "So why aren't you doing anything to keep her Danny?"

"I don't 'keep' any of my girls. I treat them nice and they stay because they choose to. Right now Jean chooses to stay with me but is leaning toward you. The console install will be done in a few days and then we'll see if it was just working close or real."

"I was thinking about taking her out on some service calls with me, that going to be a problem?"

"Not at all. It will probably be more a test of her with you reacting out in the real world. A little different than walking around my basement after rubbing the ice water glasses against her nipples." He was a deer in the headlights. "Yeah, I think she is hot for you. But it's the same rules for her that the girls give me. You can play and eat, but no actual fucking." He was still sitting there stunned when I got up to leave.

I stopped at the plumbing supply house and picked up what I thought I would need plus a little extra and headed back to the house. Jean helped me wrestle the holding tank to the basement and helped carry the little boiler down. We decided one of her next purchases at the surplus shop was going to be a good appliance dolly with dual straps! I told her to pick up the bathroom and kitchenette stuff for the sorority house stuff as well.

I got the old one out. The fun part was the boiler / heat tank naturally was a totally different set up. After discussing the finer points of the original plumber's heritage for a few hours, I managed to get everything hooked back up. Although the gas line went back so easy you almost couldn't tell it had even been apart. Since there was never any electrical, I had to rig it up temporarily, but it was enough to make sure everything worked. A quick checks for gas or water leaks and I fired it up and let it run. I should know in about thirty minutes if it would cycle like it should. I was just sitting back with a cold drink when Jean came downstairs in one of the robes we hang beside the front door.

"Master there is a lady from the county zoning office upstairs."

I handed her my Pepsi, "Keep an eye on this thing while it goes through the start up and shut down cycle for me."

"Yes Master," and dropped her robe to her elbows before taking it off, framing her delicious body with the robe for a moment, and grinning at me looking at her doing it. It was a good thing I had left my jeans and shirt on to work on this. I'm going to have to keep a robe or shorts down here as well! I found our visitor waiting in the den, "And what can I do for you today?"

I must have sounded a little cross, she raised her hand and said, "I'm not here in a direct official capacity sir, I merely came by to relay some good news." That settled me down, "Now while I can't guarantee it, I would say with a ninety nine percent probability that your zoning change will be approved at tonight's meeting. We should be able to give you proper documentation by midday Friday."

"And how can you make that statement?"

"I've seen what you are doing here. My sister is one of the group trying to protect the fox population and I have told her what you are doing. When she found out you left the entire back strip untouched she will be speaking on your behalf tonight."

"While I appreciate that, I'm a little confused as to how you came across all this information."

"You don't remember me do you?"

"You are a very beautiful woman, and you do look familiar, but I can't say I can place you." She grinned when I said she was beautiful, but most women do and it's a safe comment even though in her case it was true, then she took off her glasses and shook out her bun. "Well if it isn't my little tractor thief! But why didn't you say anything when I was over there earlier?"

"Well for one I tell people I work for the county. I don't tell them I work for the zoning office so I don't have the hassles."

I laughed, "I can appreciate that."

"But the other reason is a little more personal."

"OH?"

"I overheard several of the ladies discussing the day you moved in."

"And?"

"And I was taking a potty break off the tractor yesterday afternoon while I was raking out back." And pointed behind the house.

"Yes?"

"And while I wasn't wearing my glasses, it seemed to confirm what I had overheard."

"And what was that?"

"That part of the reason we are locating on the far corner and the gates are going up near the street is that you have a...unique...dress code here."

"Is that good or bad?"

"I'm hoping good."

"How so?"

"I think it would be easier if I demonstrate."

"By all means."

She stood up and removed her jacket. Her top was very thin and her lace bra very apparent through it. She undid the buttons on the side of her skirt and let it drop to her ankles revealing garter belt, stockings, and heels framing a closely trimmed silver haired pussy. While I was noticing that she had removed her top and was folding down the cups of her nursing bra to let those huge nipples out, and I do mean HUGE. About the size of the tip of my thumb. "I've gathered this would be appropriate attire for your home?"

It's a good thing I was sitting down! "Most definitely, but why approach me like this?"

She sat down but did not cross her legs, "Primarily because of my position with the county. It seems the assumption will be made that I'm trying to use or garner influence. When in fact I wish that information be kept secret."

"There are any number of places you could go and not have to reveal your work, so that isn't telling me what you really have in mind. And while I would keep the information close, it would not prevent me from answering a direct question."

"That would be acceptable, but there were a few other things I overheard but didn't believe until today."

"Such as?"

"I heard Gladys mention you have a harem?"

That was not something I was expecting! "And that is something that interests you?"

She slipped her heels off and slipped to the floor on her knees with them slightly spread. "It is something I would like to learn more about."

I looked her over like I was buying her at auction. Her eyes following me as I walked around her. She was an older woman that had a little extra weight on her, but not overly so and EXTREME tan lines. I took my shirt, pants, and boxers off. While I was no longer hard enough to bounce with my pulse I was definitely still able to give her a good pounding if I had the chance. "You are a very attractive woman," She blushed at that. "But you realize I am almost twenty years younger than you, and the Mistress of the house is a one hundred pound black woman about the same age? Would you be able to take directions from either of us?"
