 AUTHOR'S NOTE: Serendipity - A new start for Shelly

Many thanks go to RF-Fast for his editing and suggestions that enhanced the story. Any bad grammar left is wholly on me and my artistic style.

LEGALESE: Don't read this if you are underage, if it is illegal in your area, if it is offensive to you, or if you cannot distinguish fiction from reality. This is a work of fiction. All characters active are 18 years of age or older.

Copyright (c) 2014 by Acup

*****

I woke to a different feeling. I was alone in bed, but I heard a gaggle of female voices in the kitchen. This could be very good or very bad. As I was coming in, Tiffany and Cathy were headed out and waved goodbye, leaving me with my two sex kittens. "Good morning ladies." They were dressed for work and almost ready to go. Nicole had my bowl of cereal ready with the milk beside it.

"We're almost ready for work. Just need your approval." And with that both girls pulled their tops down to show their tits and nipples. Nicole with her rings and Shelly with her shelf bra.

"Nicole you look amazing as always with your nipples standing out, but Shelly, you need to practice putting on a bra properly. Do you remember how I did it last night?"

She started turning red. "Most of last night is a bit of a blur. All I remember is passing out from orgasms a couple of times."

"Well in that case you didn't do as bad as the first time last night. But we'll go through it again now." I walked around behind her, my bobbing cock had her attention. I lifted my cock to lay it in the cease of her ass through her dress and then reached around and put my hand in her bra to grasp a tit. That got a SHARP inhale. "You need to hold yourself up high and proud like this.", while getting a nice feel of her tit and a hardening nipple in my palm again. "And then pull your bra right up under the base of your tit so the bra can hold you up and out like it's supposed to." Pulling the bra up, releasing her tit, and walking back around her. "See how much of a difference that little bit can make?" She looked almost lop sided. "Now you do the other one." She reached in, got a grip, and pulled it up nice and snug. "Now that looks absolutely delicious," And I leaned in to get a quick suck on each nipple before she realized what I was doing. "And just to make it fair!" I went over to Nicole and sucked the tip of her nipple sticking out past the ring into my mouth and then nibbled the inside of her tit, up her cleavage to her collar. Giving her a little quivering orgasm along the way.

"DANNY!, Now I have to sit on a towel in the car!"

"Better take a few, you two have to decide who's going to be on the desk and who's going to be under it this afternoon." She headed quickly for the linen closet.

Shelly got a bit of a glazed look on her face for a second. "I've gotta go. Tell Nicole I'll see her at the office." As she headed out the door with her little overnight bag.

Nicole came back with a towel between her legs and a pretend scowl on her face. "Sometimes I just want to bop you mister!"

"Babe, every time I see those delicious nipples I want to bop you 'til you scream." She shuddered again.

'Enough! We'll run out of towels if you keep this up. What's on your agenda today?", she said changing the subject as quick as she could.

"Well first off is getting the computer stuff loaded. I was originally going to load the last of my stuff in my van. But since I'm not disappearing and hopefully will be invited back here I thought I'd put them in your closet. That OK with you?"

"YOU DAMN WELL BETTER BE MAKING SOME TRIPS BACK HERE OR I'M GOING TO HAVE TO COME AFTER YOU!" and she jumped up and wrapped her legs around me. I instinctively let her slide down onto my hard and waiting cock. "OH GOD... I'm going to be late to work." as she settled down impaling herself on me.

"I think Shelly will understand," as I turned to set her ass on the back of the couch and gave her a real nice, quick morning orgasm with four or five strokes. Not a big one, but one to take the edge off until this afternoon. Seems she was feeling a bit naughty getting fucked with her dress pulled up around her waist before going out the door for work. "Feel better now?", I said teasingly as I slid out and put the towel back between her legs.

"YES, but you keep changing the subject!"

"No I didn't, but we'll go back to my day. Next is going over to see how Jake is doing. He didn't sound too good after the call yesterday. Then I have to bring the company van back in and check it all in with you. After that there's the meeting of the three of us in Shelly's office."

"DANNY!"

"It will be interesting to see what you two decide."

"DANNY!"

"Then I thought I'd take my number one sex slave out collar shopping."

"AAHHHHHHH!" as she dropped to her knees. Good thing the towel was still there.

"And after that I thought we'd go back and pry my number two sex slave out of her office and go out for a nice meal."

Her eyes flew open and she leaned forward to suck me down. I had planned on holding off until later, but Nicole had other ideas. She sucked me down and had me cumming in about four strokes which just inflamed her own orgasm. I'll give her this, she stuck with it long enough for me to finish then collapsed back on her towel against the kitchen island. I went to the linen closet and got a fresh towel to clean Nicole up and tossed the now soaked ones in the laundry.

She pulled up her top and pulled her skirt back in place, while I grabbed her jacket for her 'office professional' look. She stopped short of the door. "The new apartment key is there on the counter. Seems Tiffany and Cathy entertained the maintenance guy while we were ravaging Shelly last night. For some reason he didn't charge to swap out the lock." She smiled, blew me a kiss, and headed out the door.

After finishing the cereal she set out for me, I went back to the computer in my room and started in. It didn't take long to get it apart, but then I got down to the desk itself and realized it didn't come apart. I hadn't been here when it was delivered, and it was plain I wasn't going to be able to get it down the stairs by myself without damaging something or hurting myself. 

I pulled my van from around back and moved it up to within one space of the front door. It's amazing how empty the lot gets during the day. It took me a few minutes to get stuff moved around so I could lay the seats back. Good thing I had a Casanova van where the seats went down flat to make a bed. I proceeded to bring the computer stuff down, the desk would have to wait until later when one of the girls could help me. I then pulled it to the other side of the lot and locked it up. I grabbed the few things before going back to the office and headed out in the company van.

I took a look around as I drove out. It's amazing how different and yet how much alike different cities were. It didn't matter if I was here or in Vegas, the basic core of business' were all here. Restaurants and grocers, schools and dry cleaners. And yet the skyline was completely different. I stopped at my old restaurant to grab a burger, and said hi to the few I still knew there. I knew there was a significant turn over while I was working there, but being away for a little over nine months made it shocking. I only recognized three people I knew from back then. I ate in silence watching the rat race and relishing the change to my own form of rat race in Vegas. But then I smiled, my rat race included lots of naked women. Oh how dreadful! Ha ha.

I finished my lunch wondering how long Mickey was going to be able to keep her secret at the other store, and then headed over to Jakes office. I had only been there once, so no one up front recognized me.

"Can I help you sir?" said the lovely receptionist.

"Hi, I'm Danny. I was wondering if Jake was busy. I talked to him yesterday and wanted to make sure everything was OK."

That got her attention. I called him Jake, not Mr. Jacobs. "I'll check with his secretary, hold on a second." And she called somewhere. "He'll see you. Up the stairs and third door on the right."

I went up, and found another nicer office and receptionist that at least looked familiar. She got up and came around the desk. "It's been a while Danny. Good to see you." And gave me a hug, nice hug from an older woman, and a nice pair without all the padding under that dress from what was being pressed into me. I think I even felt a bit of hard nipple in my chest...

"How's he doing? I talked to him yesterday when I got back and he didn't sound so good when we hung up." I pulled back a bit, but not too far to rule out another hug with her.

"So that was you! He wouldn't say who he talked with but I had my suspicion. He's doing better today. I wish his wife was still around to help him get through it though."

I turned to looked at the picture of him and his wife on the wall, his secretary keeping a hold of my arm with her tit held to me. "I had no idea she wasn't still around. Sometimes the way he talks I would have thought she still was. What happened?"

"Don't say anything to him, he doesn't like people to know, but I think it would be OK to tell you. She had cancer. In some ways he was blessed. They knew it was coming, and then about the time it was going to get worse she had a stroke and died in her sleep. They didn't have to go through all the truly bad times. But enough of this, go in, he's expecting you."

I went in, and there sat Jake behind the desk. He looked a lot more tired than I remembered. "Hey Jake, how are you doing?"

"Hey Danny, better than I was yesterday after your call."

"Oh? Is that good or bad?"

"Not sure yet. One of the names you gave me was one of my vice presidents that was supposedly out sick the last few days."

"Ouch!"

"Yeah, and I thought I recognized one of the other names and I was right. He's one of the officers of a company we WERE working on a merger plan with."

"WERE, I take it things are on hold now?"

"Most certainly although nobody knows that yet though. There will be hiccups and such in meetings and paperwork with errors while I find out what's happening. And I will find out what's happening before they discover I'm on to them if things go correctly."

"Sounds like you've been through something like this before?"

"Yeah, about fifteen years ago back when..." And he just halted.

"Back when your wife was still around?"

His head came up in a flash, "How did you know?"

"Look around you Jake." And I waved a hand. "This office had a woman's touch, no a WIFE'S touch at one time. But that has been a while from the looks of things, but it has still had a secretary's touch for a while."

"How can you tell?"

"Jake, a week ago I didn't have a clue. But then a few days ago I saw a woman turn my new house into a home, just from my description, without even seeing it herself."

He just smiled a knowing smile, "You've got a keeper there. My Linda was the same way. Don't let her get away."

"I have no plan to, in fact I'd like you to meet her." He started to object. I put my hand up to stop him. "I'm pretty sure you don't have any real dinner plans, and I have an ulterior motive. Partially to show her off," He smiled, "And partially to answer her questions."

"Huh?"

"Well as a corporate executive she's still a little unsure of the legality of my purchase of the house and property from you. Even though she won't admit it."

He just chuckled. "And a class woman puts up with the likes of you? You do what you have to to keep her Danny. My Linda was a bit of a...free spirit. We didn't live what you would call a normal life style, but it worked for us. She even had a shop for a while in one of the malls. It hasn't shown much of a profit since she passed, but I can't seem to let go of the last part of her I have..." He trailed off.

"Yeah I'm a lucky guy and I'll never let her know what a mistake she made with a lout like me." And we both had a good laugh. "I'll pick you up around six, we have reservations at The Steak House for seven."

About that time his phone started ringing. "Saved by the bell, I'll see you at six." And picked up his phone.

I got up and looked at his office in a different light. Almost all of the pictures were of his wife, some in some very hot outfits, but they didn't appear that way unless you looked close. I stopped by his secretary on the way out. "Jake has a dinner appointment tonight, I'm picking him up at six. Please make sure he doesn't come up with any excuses to miss it."

She raised an eyebrow. "What kind of dinner date?" ever the protective hen.

I laughed. "You've done a good job keeping an eye on him." Her eyes popped open. "It's a nice dinner date with me and MY special lady, rest assured, she is very much a lady and you have nothing to be worried about."

She smiled a relieved smile, "I'll make sure nothing interferes with his dinner date."

"Thank you," and headed back down to the van, seeing even more pictures of her along the way. There was something about them that seemed familiar but I couldn't put my finger on it.

Well one stop out of the way, and one more wrinkle added to the day. I should be used to this by now! I headed over to The Boutique offices. First to see Shelly, then Nicole, and then hopefully to see both of them together!

I walked into Shelly's office. Her secretary told me to go right in, but she looked nervous with her nipples standing out under her dress. Better make it all work... well almost! "Hey Shelly, I got the van downstairs. I thought I'd check in with you to get all the paperwork straightened out before I head over to turn stuff in with Nicole."

"OK, I've got everything here all ready to go," and started pushing things my way.

"Hang on Shelly, I have a request before we go any further." Now she really looked worried. "I'd like to hang on to the computer setup and take it out to Vegas with me."

Now I had her confused instead of worried. "What are you going to do with it out there?"

"Not me, Nicole. I'm having a data line installed. With the computer setup she could do some things from out there when she comes to visit. Maybe even be able to stay a day or so longer some times."

"I have to admit it would have been nice for her to have had access while she was out there this week. But a data line isn't cheap Danny."

I paused and looked at her. "Shelly, even if it only gets me an extra day or two every once in a while, it's...worth...every...penny."

She just looked at me. "You really do love her don't you?"

I nodded slowly. "Don't know how it happened, but yeah..."

"OK, we'll say it's being shipped to a remote office for one of our executives if she asks, how's that? I'm assuming you haven't told her yet?" she said with an odd grin.

"No, I want it to be a surprise on her next visit. Thank you."

"Not a problem. The paperwork is still the same. Here is your termination paperwork, and a copy of the deposit slip for your bonus. It was big enough that we did a direct deposit like your checks so you didn't have to wait for it to clear. It actually went through at midnight last night."

I scanned the paperwork and initialed the right places and signed the bottom. She handed me the copy of the deposit slip. I glanced down at it to double check and..."WHAT THE HELL!"

Shelly looked up with a smile. "Something wrong Danny?"

I looked between her and the deposit slip. "This isn't right. It's supposed to be a little over six months. THIS IS MORE THAN A YEARS WORTH!"

"A year plus your sick and vacation time, that's correct."

"BUT..."

"Danny, when the contracts came together, several of their corporate officers STRONGLY suggested that the man responsible be properly compensated for bringing us together in multi-year contracts. The board took that suggestion seriously and increased your bonus to what Nicole and I suggested it should be."

"That's what the phone call was all about the other day!"

"Partially, yes, but I wanted it to be my surprise."

I just shook my head, "Surprise hell, more like a heart attack!" She had a smug look on her face. Well two can play that game. "By the way, have you decided if you're going to be on or under the desk?" I asked her on the way out the door to Nicole's desk. Good thing Shelly was already sitting down! The mouth dropped open and the nipples stood out like they were trying to rip through her dress...

I strolled over to the office of my little ONERY chocolate pixie. She was on the phone, so I leaned against the door and watched her in her element. When she hung up and looked at me I started shaking my finger at her. "I ought to give you a spanking young lady."

She just smiled. "Did my Master not like his surprise?" touching her collar.

I walked over and tipped her chin up to give her a light kiss. "Once my heart started beating again I was very pleased." And kissed her again, "and since my stuff is all checked in I think I should take my little chocolate pixie out collar shopping." I have never seen a desk cleared so fast.

"I'm ready to go Master." We turned to go, Nicole staying a half a step behind and beside me. She was really in the slave mind set right now. She told her secretary she had some errands to run and would be back in an hour or so as we passed her desk.

We headed off to the mall to see what we could find. After hitting several shops all we could find was some thin wimpy chokers. Nothing worthy of my little chocolate pixie, "I don't see anything acceptable Master." Nicole was concerned.

"I think I know where we can go, the shop I got Mickey's bras from is down at the end. Speaking of which, I see Shelly doesn't seem to mind the attention her nipples are getting in the shelf bra."

"No Master. Between your loving her last night and the attention she's been getting today she been floating on a cloud all day!"

"My loving or OUR loving?"

"Master, I..."

"Relax little one, I am entirely pleased with you. We will discuss it later. But right now we are here. Let's go see what they have."

We walked in and began looking around. I did see something that put everything into perspective. There was a picture of the stores founder up on the wall in a rather exotic erotic outfit... it was Jake's wife Linda with a wide chrome collar on, bare chested if I had to guess, but the picture was cropped to just above her nipples. That's why the pictures in his office looked familiar. And I had a feeling this and the pictures in his office were the PG rated versions.

The little redhead I purchased the bras from came up to us. "It's good to see you again sir, it's been a while..." She halted when she saw Nicole beside me with her wide white collar. Looking quickly between me and Nicole's collar and fingering her own narrow chrome collar. "What can I help you with...Sir?" she said VERY meekly.

"We're looking for some new collars. Do you have something she may choose from similar to what she has now?"

Nicole tensed, but Grace relaxed and returned to her comfortable role, turning to Nicole. "This way Mistress, we have several fine collars to choose from." And led us to the back area and opened several drawers. Nicole looked at me like she wanted to ask a question, but I put my finger to my lips to keep her quiet as she began to look at all the choices spread out before her. Grace looked like she wanted to ask questions but was afraid she might break some unknown protocol.

"It's OK Grace. I've known your Master for a while now, but only recently made the connection to your Mistress and this store. You may address us in whatever title you feel most comfortable with, without fear." That brought Nicole's head up quickly. "Have you made any selections Nicole?" she was still wandering a bit looking at several of the more interesting items of clothing, all made to show if not flaunt instead of hide.
