 He was nervous. Rick always wanted something like this to happen, but never in a million years thought it ever would. One of his biggest fantasies comes true. How did it all come about? Dana, his girlfriend, and him had been swapping fantasies one evening after one of there hot sessions of lovemaking. Rick confessed this is something he would like and often thought of.

Rick’s head was swimming, it was relay happening. Dana had envied all of her girl friends over for a party. Some kind of pampered chef or home and garden type thing.

They had the furniture arranged in a circle in the living room. The display of wears in the center on a coffee table. The women all sit around, 10 of them... some of which Rick didn’t even know.

But there was sandy, Dana’s best friend. Marsha one of her coworkers, Terri, a friend from high school that she kept tabs with. Lynda, the neighbor’s wife, and the rest he didn’t know.

They were all about Rick’s age , 36 or so , with a few of them older in there 40's and one or two maybe a little younger. They were all sitting around in the living room while the hostess plied her wares.

Dana called for Rick to come in the living room and get the ladies their drinks...which he did. Taking their orders and filling them.

When he got back with there drinks. Dana told him..."Rick your our servant for the earning...what ever these ladies want you get or do for them... make them completely comfortable."

"Yes Mam ...Rick said.” Knowing his role for the eavning... The ladies all chuckled to themselves.

He got their drinks when they were out.... Lit their cigarettes...handed them things they wanted to look at and maybe buy.

Then it happened...

Marsha.lounging on the couch.sitting low.with her legs kinda spread apart siad."Servant.come here"...and she patted her crotch through her skirt.

Rick’s heart was racing...standing in front of her..."yes Mam.what can i do for you?"

Get down here and make me "comfortable".

Rick Kneeled in front of Marsha...as he did she lifted her skirt.revealing her smooth pantiless pussy.

Rick looked questioningly at Dana, who sat with an approving grin on her face.

Slowly he dipped his head.tentativly giving her lips a little lick...Marsha moaned silently.and settled in the couch a little more.

Running his tongue up her lips barley touching them, flicking it across her clit."Yessss that it servant " Marsha whispered.

Rick parted her lips with his tongue.licking her from tops to bottom.sinking it down into her hole.licking her inside. Marsha pulled her legs apart and higher.holding her knees....

He dove in deep.licking her clit.sucking on it...pulling at it with his lips.... Driving her crazy.

The other women were silent...watching...Rick barley noticed them...he was to into his work.

Suddenly Marsha moaned loudly.her legs convulsing.... Cummins all over Rick’s face as he lapped her up...

She then pulled her skirt down...composed herself and asked for another drink.

The other women continued there discussions about the items for sale like nothing happened.

When Rick got back with Marsha’s drink, it was Lynda this time telling him to make her "comfortable".

Rick had often fantasized about Lynda. But never said a word to anyone about it...Now was his chance!

Crawling on his hands and knees to her.he started kissing her thighs...licking just around her pussy. (Which was shaved and pantieless also). He was going to drive her mad if he could!

Slowly licking up her lips just as he had done to Marsha....

Every time she let out a moan. He would back off.... And barley flick his tongue across her wet lips...

Suddenly she grabbed his head.”Lick ME ". She shouted.

And shoved him down hard onto her pussy.

Rick began lapping at her like a dog.long strokes.up her intire pussy.flicking his tongue hard across her clit.

"YESSSSSSSSsssssssssss that it...suck my clit Serant ". Latching onto her clit.sucking it hard into his mouth...licking and sucking at the same time...at times suddenly driving his tongue as deep into her as he could get it.

Soon Lynda shuddered on his starving mouth.... Cumming in gushes.... All over him.

He stood up wiping his chin.smileing...and lit her cigarette.

This went on till he had "serviced " every one of them.including Danna...who was the last.

He noticed how some of them.even after he had serviced them.would watch and rub there clits under there skirts...

The hostess was finished with her presentation. And said the party was over.... She said."Lets have a hand for our faithful servant tonight". They all clapped and giggled at this...

Dana stood up and said... dot your girls think he should be rewarded for his service."

They all agreed. Go sits in that chair Rick they said.... He did.... Marsha came over and undid his pants pulling them off him. Revealing his half-hard cock.... Dripping with precum.

Then the women all sat where Rick could see all of them.... And lifted there skirts...fingering themselves...there pussies all still wet from cumming.

"Go ahead dear" Dana said...

He knew what she ment.and took his hardening cock in his hand.... Stroking it slowly.watching them...

Some of the women let their hands stray.... They where fingering each other for him!

Taking their fingers and licking them so as to taste that they were touching.

Rick’s cock, rock hard in his hand.... Stroking faster...squeezing it so hard.... He wanted to cum so bad.all nite he had been close. If anyone touched him he would have exploded.

Dana got up...and slid down next to Lynda...and started licking her pussy.eating her like a mad woman. Rick could hear her slurping and sucking at her.... And he knew just how Lynda tasted.

Other women did the same.all of them takeing turns licking and fingering each other while Rick sat there Helplessly stroking his engorged cock.

Suddenly he had to squeeze the base of his cock Hard! If not he would have cum....but he didn’t want to just yet...not wanting this Nitto to be over...

Dana saw this and laughed at him.... “Poor Rick.... So frustrated " she giggled.

Come on ladies.... She said.

And all of them together got around him.there hands all over his cock and balls.pulling, squeezing.jerking, stroking... he didnt know hos hands were on him and when.

It was to much.someone squeezed his cock, stroking him Hard...hands pulling on his balls....'

He came...shooting so much cum. up in the air.arching, spurting.all of it landing on all those hands.

He came what seemed like forever, his cock convulsing...

With a sigh. It was over. Rick sank down in his chair.exuasted.the ladies mean while cleaned up and said their good byes...

Rick over heard Dana saying.”See you tomorrow Night for the next party” to them as they left.

Rick.just sat there and smiled....