 It was a quiet day, not unlike the others in the small, quiet little town.  Jim Andrews strolled down the street like he did every other morning on his way to work at the local gas and service station.  He was the only mechanic at the small station, being a small town, they really didn’t have a whole lot of buisniness, so there was no need to employ more than one mechanic.

Jim was a modest family man, married his high school sweetheat at the age of 19.  Now 20 years later, he couldn’t seem to get his eyes off other women.  He never wanted to cheat on his wife, but he just couldn’t seem to get the idea out of his mind.  He loved his wife, but she just wasn’t the same woman that he had married all those years ago.  To make matters worse, Jim worked with a very stunning, beautiful young 18 year old high school girl by the name of Shirly Williams.  

Shirly was the epitemy of beauty.  A tall slender girl about 5’11” tall, and about 145 lbs.  Her black hair came down to the top of her sholders where it had a slight curl at the end.  Her skin so smooth to the touch, that it would send tingles through any mans spine.  Her perfect “C” cup breasts were held very nicely in her seemingly neverender supply of tight low cut T-shirts.  

Every time she bent over to get change from behind the counter, Jim, as well as any man in the near vicinity, could not help but take notice at the perfectly shapped ass that was layed out before them.  Having worked with Shirly, day in and day out, Jim got to see this every day.  Instead of getting used to it, it only made him more and more hungry. 

He would go home to his wife everynight horney as hell, trying to get her to help him out, but all she wanted to do was go to sleep.  Jim was about to be driven to pure insanity.  Each night, he would have to jack himself off to the thought of that sweat piece of meat.  

That night, as they were locking up the store, Jim was concentrated quite intently on Shirly’s perfect ass, that when she stood up, he didn’t direct his stare in another direction for a few seconds.  Shirly couldn’t help but notice his contentment at the sight of her body.  Jim tried to make a reason, but all he could get out of his mouth was a bunch of muffled rambles.

Shirly stood there for a second and then she got a slight smile on her face and blushed a little as she turned her head away.  Then much to Jim’s surprise she turned back towards him with her top teeth bit down upon her lower lip.  It was a look of desire, a look that Jim had not seen in may years.  She walked over to the door, locked it, and turned the sign to closed.  She then spun around on one heal and looked with great desire towards the now frozen Jim standing on the opposite side of the room.  She then strutted over to Jim in a most erotic fashion, almost like stage dancer trying to make a buck.  Slowly, step by step, she eased her way toward the petrefied man.  

With each step, Jim began to grow harder and harder.  The crotch of his work pants began to dace as she eased herself up infront of him.  As she reached the speechless man, she slowly placed her arms around his neck, as she slowly began to lay kiss upon pasionate kiss upon his cheak.  After what seemed like eternity, but in all reality only a few seconds, she stepped back and looked him in the eyes.  As Jim began to get some awarness back into his clouded brain, he stared back into her eyes.  It had been so long since he had felt the tender touch of a woman in such a way.

He reached out and placed his had upon the side of her cheak, and put the other onto the side of her waist.  He then pulled her suddenly up to this chest.  He then ran his hand down her neck, and made his way down her side.  He leaned down and kissed her on the cheak, and then made his way to her sweet and tender lips.  As they held each other close and shared a passionate kiss that made all others seem like the peck of a small child.

He then ran his hand from her side, down to her perfectly shapped ass.  He spent only a matter of seconds there before he slid his hand down the back or her pants.  He at the same time, used his other hand to undo the button on the front, so that he was granted easy access to her vast secrets that lyed beneath.  

His kisses slowly began to work their way down her neck and onto her sholder.  He slid down her perfect body to his knees.  He gently grabed both sides of her pants and slowly slid them down to her ankels revealing her black lace seethrough panties.  Her hands now lay gently ontop of his head as she let him do whatever he desired.  He looked up into her eyes and she met him pack with unspeakable passion.  He slid off her shoes and then helped her out of the pants that had once hidden her.  Jim took one hand and slid the crotch of her panties to the side and used the other to gently begin to stroke the extremities of her clit.  

He could feel a shiver run through her body, and he slowly began to work her with his tounge.  Lapping her, slowly at first, he began to build up speed.  Once he had a rhythm going, he began to insert his finger into her love channel.  This combination almost drove her to insanity.  He worked her and worked her for a few minuets, until she came uncontrolably.  

As she got her eyes down from the ceiling, the looked at him.  She could see in his eyes what he wanted.  As he stood up, she gave him a quick kiss on her way down.  As she reached her knees, she undid his belt buckel.  She looked like a five year old on Christmas morning.  She opened the button of the pants and undid the zipper.  She couldn’t help but notice the increidble buldge that was hidden by the thin fabric of his boxers.  He helped her as she slid the pants down to his ankels.  She then slid the boxers down to their righful positon at the ankels as well.  As she did so, she could only smile as his 8” penis was standing at attention to greet her.

She took his manhood into her hand, and worked it up and down the shaft.  He could tell that she had plenty of experience at this.  She then took the tip of her tounge and ran it across the tip of his dick.  She ran it down the length of his shaft until she reached his balls.  Much to his surprise, she began to lick to bottom of his sack.  This made him want to cum right then, but he managed to gain control of himself.  She worked her way back to his shaft.  She then slid the tip of his dick into her mouth and began to work the tip with her lips.  She then took and began to work deeper and deeper into her mouth.  Before Jim knew what was happening, his entire manhood was engulfed into her warm mouth.  He closed his eyes, trying his hardest not to  cum as she worked his dick over good.

After a while, he began to feel that he could not contain himself anylonger.  Just when he was about ready do cum, he reached down and pulled her head off of his dick.  She looked up at him, pulled his hands off of her and took his dick back into her mouth.  She worked him for only a couple of seconds before she heard him groan and she began to feel him shoot his load deep into her mouth.  Much to her surprise, it seemed like a never ending river of cum running down the back of her throat.  She continued to suck until she could feel his dick begin to go limp.

She looked up at him, as he looked down, he noticed that she did not waste one drop of his man juice.  She stood up and began to put her pants on.  All Jim could do was stand there and stare.  She turned and blew him a kiss as she turned and walked out the door.  This whole time, not one work had been spoken between the two of them.  He gathered his things and got dressed, and thought to himself if there was going to be another opportunity.  

On his walk down the street he began to think about what he could do to her if this would happen again, and what he would have done if he could have contained himself just a little longer.  He would have to wait 2 days until he got the chance to work with her again, and then maybe, just maybe something might happen again.