 I turned the key in the ignition. The starter motor engaged, and after a few seconds, the engine sprang into life for the first time in many years.

Two years previously I had bought her, a 1969 Jaguar E type roadster. Or to be precise, I bought a body shell and countless boxes containing parts. Since that time, I had been spending most evenings after work and weekends putting her back together - restoring this icon of British automotive engineering back to her former glory.

I grinned a very satisfied grin as I listened to the growl of the engine and watched the tachometer needle flick around as I pressed the accelerator pedal. Now that the engine was up to temperature, I thought that I had better take a look at the engine and check for any fluid leaks that would show themselves now that the engine was running. I would make a few minor adjustments to the fuel mixture with a screwdriver while I was at it. I wanted to get her back on the road before summer was out, if I could.

Now that I had her running again there wasn't much more to do. On my list of remaining items were a respray (British racing green...naturally), I get the classic wire wheels refurbished, new tyres all around, service, and she should be good to go.

I was busy under the bonnet, the engine still running, when I heard something above the engine noise. It sounded like the click clack of heeled shoes walking on the bare concrete floor of my workshop. It was still hot and muggy outside. I didn't want the workshop to fill with fumes; therefore, I had left the workshop doors open.

I wonder who it could be? More than likely it was someone dropping by wanting me to do some work on their car. Word had gotten around that I was good with cars, and doing work for others had proved to be a nice little sideline for me. Of course, doing such work meant less time to work on the Jag, but the money I made had helped finance the rebuild.

I moved around from the bonnet, reached inside the car, and switched off the engine.

I looked up, and there stood a woman I hadn't seen before. A very attractive woman at that. "Hi there, what can I do for you?"

The woman smiled at me, "Hi, I'm Katie. I have just moved into the area and I need a service on my car. I was told to come and see you. You come highly recommended." 

I made my way over to the small basin in the workshop and washed my hands.

"Yeah, I should be able to do that for you. Drop your car in at the weekend."

As we talked I couldn't help but check her out. She was curvy, and her curves were accentuated by the snug-fitting summer dress that she was wearing. She had a nice sized pair of breasts, and she was showing a hint of cleavage, and as for her ass, wow, what an ass it was. I couldn't see her ass at first when she was facing me, but as I had walked around to my washbasin I made sure I had a good look at her behind.

"Thank you, I will bring my car over on Saturday, if that's ok," Katie said before turning to look at the E Type. "Wow!! I love that car."

"Yeah, she's something special, isn't she? I've been restoring her, and she's nearly ready to go back on the road." I then saw an opportunity. "If you like, I will take you out for a spin when she's ready."

To my delight, Katie replied. "Yeah, that would be great, I would love that."

We were chatting for some time about the car, the weather, and what the area was like. I am sure that I caught her eying me up and down, just as I had done to her earlier.

If only she knew, because the weather was so hot and muggy, I wasn't wearing anything except a small pair of briefs under my overalls. I wonder what she would think.

We chatted some more, and we both started to loosen up. Our chat got more and more flirty, with more than a few sexual innuendoes dropped into the conversation every now and then. This was turning into a very good day indeed. I had finally gotten the E type running, and now meeting this sexy newcomer to the area.

Katie picked up a large spanner that was lying on my workbench. "Oh my, that's a big tool," she said with a wink.

"I have a whole box full of tools right here if you wanna check them out," I said with a sly grin. I took a screwdriver out of my toolbox and suggestively rubbed the bulbous plastic handle as if it were the head of my cock.

"I can see that you've done that before," Katie said. "Nice action."

My new lady friend was so hot. All this naughty flirty talk was all well and good, but I was getting horny. I could tell that Katie was too as the sexual tension between us heightened.

I decided to make a move on her, and I thought of a very naughty way of doing so.

"You know, if you like, I could give you a thorough service - as well as servicing your car," I said. "No extra charge." I moved towards her, stroked her hair, and moved my hand down to her neck.

"Yes please, that would be wonderful. Make sure you give me a thorough service. It has been a while since I have had one," she breathed softly.

I slowly slipped the straps of her summer dress down her shoulders as Katie bit her lip in anticipation. "I am going to have to strip you down for a thorough going over," I teased as I reached around to Katie's back and slid down the zipper at the back of her dress.

My cock was rock hard in my overalls and was desperate to be released, but I was enjoying the game we were playing. This was going to be fun. I helped Katie out of her dress and threw it onto the driver's seat of the E Type through the open roof. I then admired the sight before me - Katie's beautiful curvy body clad only in a white bra and panties.

I took the large spanner off the bench that Katie had noticed before and pressed it against her cleavage. Katie shivered as the cold steel made contact with her warm flesh. "I will start by checking these out," I said with a grin; temporarily putting the spanner back down on the bench to unclip her bra. As I threw Katie's discarded bra into the car to join her dress, I feasted my eyes on the most perfect set of naked breasts that I had ever seen. There was a good handful there, firm and topped by pink rosebud nipples.

Again I picked up the spanner and placed its ringed end over a nipple. Katie again shivered and bit her lip once more as I pressed the cold steel into her breast, forcing the nipple through the ring of the spanner while I used my free hand to explore the contours of her other breast.

I removed the spanner from her breast and picked up a pair of pliers that were lying on the bench, using them on Katie's nipples, lightly pulling them out from the surrounding areola's. Katie shuddered and winced at the pinching sensation of the tool on her nipples. 

Soon those nipples were standing proud, and I couldn't help but clamp my mouth around one of them, sucking it out further still, if indeed that was possible, lightly biting the teat, and then moving to the other nipple to do the same. "Well, that's the first part of your service complete, and I am happy to confirm that your tits are in fine working order Katie."

"Glad to hear it, now what?"

I glanced down at Katie's white panties which, apart from her shoes, were the only item of clothing she now had on.

"I think these need to come off so I can check out your rear end." I replied with a smile.

"Ok, do what you have to do, I need to be sure that I am in good shape."

"Oh, I can already see that you are in great shape, but I still need to take a closer look".

I reached out and grasped Katie's panties, slowly sliding them down her legs, exposing her beautiful smooth shaved pussy to my gaze for the first time. Katie stepped out of her panties, which soon joined the rest of her clothing on the front seat of the E type.

Now stark naked, I turned her around and bent her over the workbench.

Katie's ass truly was a sight to behold, and I couldn't resist giving her soft cheeks a little grope and a playful slap as I bent her over the bench. As I searched my toolbox, deciding which tool to use on Katie's body next, I felt another tool pressing against the fabric of my briefs, demanding attention, impatiently waiting for its turn to be used on this beautiful lady. All in good time. I had to give her a thorough check first.

I picked up the screwdriver with the bulbous handle that I was rubbing suggestively earlier, and began to rub the handle up and down Katie's ass cheeks, then down between her legs. Katie let out a little whimper as I pressed the tool against her sex, rubbing it hard against her labia.

As I rubbed the screwdriver handle back up the crease of Katie's ass I noticed that it had become wet with her creamy juices.

"Nothing wrong with your lubrication," I said as I moved the tool back down between Katie's legs. But this time I pressed the tool deeper into her folds, searching for her opening.

I soon found her sex hole and eased the screwdriver handle inside her until it completely disappeared, with only the metal blade sticking out from between her legs.

I then worked the tool in and out of her Vagina, as Katie gasped. "Oh yes, that feels good. Fuck me with that big tool," she yelled at me, and I was happy to oblige.

The screwdriver handle was getting wetter with each stroke, and I made a point of spreading her wetness around her ass.

I spread her cheeks with my spare hand and enjoyed the view of the tool entering her, not to mention the sight of her puckered ass hole.

I had another idea. I reached back into my toolbox and found another, much smaller screwdriver with a thin, rigid plastic handle.

As I continued to fuck Katie's pussy with the larger tool, I pressed the thin handle of the second screwdriver against her ass hole.

I gently worked it into her anus. Now both of Katie's holes were full and it was too much for her. Her legs began to tremble as she came hard on the improvised sex toys.

I withdrew the screwdrivers and turned a panting, breathless Katie around to face me.

As I licked the juice from the big screwdriver I said, "Well, everything seems to be in good working order down there. I just have to test your handling and performance now, and I have a special tool that I am going to use to test that."

Katie smiled as I opened my overalls, revealing my bare chest beneath, and my small briefs, which were struggling to contain my raging erection. I pulled down the front of my briefs, and my hard, smooth shaved penis sprang out. Katie knew what was required of her. She reached out and took hold of my shaft, gently stroking it with her hand.

She was good at this. As her hand worked up and down my shaft, her other hand caressed my balls. Katie then knelt before me. Still stroking my balls and the base of my shaft I felt her tongue gliding over the engorged purple head of my manhood and I was in heaven.

I felt Katie's mouth engulf the head of my cock and move down the shaft, taking as much of me into her mouth as she was able to take without choking, before moving her mouth back up to the tip. I closed my eyes and enjoyed one of the best blowjobs I had ever had. I was close to cumming, and Katie must've felt my balls tighten as she stroked them and quickened the pace, moving her mouth faster up and down my cock, sucking harder.

"Oh my god, I am going to cum! Yes! That feels so good. Yes!" I came so hard and I felt jet after jet of semen shoot into Katie's warm mouth. She swallowed.

As my orgasm subsided Katie took my cock out of her mouth and a few drops of my semen dripped down onto her chin as she continued massaging my penis, squeezing out the last drops of my cum. I helped her to her feet and gave her a clean piece of rag to wipe the cum from her mouth and chin.

As I watched Katie retrieve her clothes from the car and get dressed I said to her,

"Well, I have to say that you have passed your roadworthiness test with flying colours ma'am. I look forward to seeing you again when you bring your car in for its service, and please feel free to drop by anytime you feel you need me to give you the once over."

"Thanks for that," Katie replied with a smile and a wink. "See you next week."

With that Katie left and it was just me and the E type. I looked down at the car. "Sorry old girl, but I am afraid I might not be able to spend quite so much time with you from now on. Another hot lady is needing my attention, but I will get you back on the road very soon. You can count on it. The three of us are going for that drive before the summer is out."