 It had been over two years now since I had, in an act of a mother's desperation, spent a night fucking and sucking a man, an old college friend Mike, whom I hoped could help get my son into the University of his dreams. Two years since I had agreed to give myself over fully to him in exchange for his help and two amazing years since that night with his incredible, huge, thick beautiful cock had turned me forever into his willing and desperate cum-slut whore.

It was two years since my son had, with Mike's secret assistance, been accepted and enrolled at his dream university in Boston where Mike lived. Two years of secret visits back to Boston under the guise of visiting my son only to spend my nights of wanton lust as Mike fucked me in ways I had never imagined, bringing me the kind of sexual ecstasy most women only dream of. 

My clueless, pencil dicked husband didn't suspect a thing and Mike assured me his wife didn't either as we kept our trysts confined to the hotel suite he maintained in the city. His wife was, he told me, interested only in her social status, attending charity balls and galas. I was also stunned to learn that their sex life was as dull and boring as my own with my husband. How any woman could be married to a man like Mike and not treasure him, not do everything she could to please him at every opportunity was beyond me but it became apparent that they, like most couples over time, had simply lost that spark. Well, her loss was my gain.

I had arranged yet another visit, flying in for a weekend in late March. Mike and I texted enthusiastically as the date grew closer. On the morning of my departure he didn't respond to my texts about meeting up with him but I figured he was just busy and we would hook up at the hotel as usual. I politely, kissed my husband goodbye at the airport and rushed into the terminal to fly off for another weekend as Mike's happy, willing slut.

As the plane landed in Boston I texted Mike again. No response.

I got a cab and texted several times on the way to the hotel. Nothing.

I checked in to the hotel and texted again, but still nothing.

Disappointed, I called my son and made a plan to meet him for lunch the next day. I then took a hot bath, relaxing with a glass of wine while trying hard not to glance at my phone.

I was so horny after all my weeks of pent up yearning for him that my pussy was positively aching for him as I shaved myself carefully to be sure I was perfectly smooth when he finally did summon me, but I grew more and more anxious as still no message came. 

I dressed myself in my sexiest black bra and thong with a sleek little mini dress I had been saving for him that really showed off my long, yoga instructor legs... but still no message.

Now I was starting to freak out. Mike's silence was killing me. I didn't know what to do with myself. I was so horny and excited I was losing my mind not hearing from him. I needed to smell him, taste him and feel his cock pressing its way between my lips into my mouth. I needed to feel him take control of me and make my pussy his own. However he wanted me I didn't care. I was his to do with as he pleased but I needed him and I needed him now.

I paced around the room looking at my phone every few seconds. Texting him again and again, their tone getting more and more desperate: "Where are you? I needed to feel you inside me." Nothing. Then pleading. "I want to suck your cock so badly." and a few minutes after: I need to taste your cum baby.. please let me know where you are". Still no response.

Finally I couldn't take it anymore. I was going crazy and just needed to get out of the room. I couldn't breathe I was getting so anxious so I decided to just get out, go down to the bar maybe for a drink just to do something, anything to take my mind off the yearning ache of my horny little pussy. I threw a shawl over my shoulders and headed out to try to calm myself. 

I got to the elevators and reached out to push "down" to take me to the lobby but pulled back at the last second. On a sudden whim I selected "up" instead. Up to floor eleven where Mike's suite was. It can't hurt to go up and see if he's there I thought as I stepped into the elevator. Maybe his phone is broken or lost and he is waiting there for me... That must be it I thought excitedly as the elevator ascended the 6 floors between our rooms.

The doors glided open and I hurried down the hall, sure now in my desperation, that Mike must be in his suite waiting for me to give myself to him. My poor, neglected little pussy was positively on fire at the thought.

At the end of the hall I paused for a moment to take a deep centering breath brushing my blonde hair away from my face, then calmly took the last few steps to the door. As I reached out to knock hopefully, I pulled back suddenly. Were there voices inside? I leaned in and listened carefully. Yes! There was the distinct muffled sound of someone talking inside. Mike was there! But who was he with I wondered? Remembering the threesome he had surprised me with when he had introduced me to the Head of Admissions, Joseph, I was undeterred and curious so I knocked firmly, horny and excited for whatever Mike had in store for me just so long as I could get his cock inside me.

The muffled voices fell silent, then I heard them more loudly for a moment. Was that a woman's voice? I thought. Before I could process it any more the door flung open in front of me. A stunning, dark haired woman wearing a long black gown glared out at me.

"Yes?" She barked, her mascara was smeared and her eyes were red. 

"I... I'm sorry..." I stammered as my mind raced. It was Mike's wife! Oh my God! What should I do? "I think I must have the wrong room." I started to back away, my head spinning.

"What?" she barked at me again, irritated, "What do you mean, what do you want?" I detected a slight accent.

"Nothing, nothing... I'm sorry. I made a mistake." 

A sudden look of understanding came over her face. "Oh, My God! It's you isn't it!" she snarled. "You're my husbands little whore!" She spat out the word as her eyes narrowed and she lunged forward grabbing my arm digging her nails into me and pulling me, stunned and stumbling through the open doorway into the suite.

"Your little fucking whore is here darling!" She sneered as I struggled to free myself from her grasp, wanting to run and hide but she dug her nails in deeper as I struggled.

Mike appeared around the corner and saw me, his face conveying in an instant an array of emotions, sadness, concern, anger, dismay and empathy.

"Kathryn, darling, let her go. Molly... Molly I'm sorry. This isn't a good time." He forced a smile.

"Isn't a good time! Isn't a good time!" Kathryn screamed. "Isn't a good time for what? For you to fuck her again, you bastard!"

"Kathryn, come on, calm down, please, your causing a scene. We can work this out."

"A scene! You don't want a scene!" She pulled me forcefully further into the room.

"I'm so sorry... I, I really should go." I tried to twist away again.

" You're not going anywhere!" Kathryn yelled looking at Mike. "We're going to deal with your little fucking whore right now!"

"Kathryn, stop it." Mike said sternly "She's not a whore." Mike lied, I was a whore for him and he knew it. 

"You've been fucking her! Fucking her like a fucking whore! I saw your texts! I know what you've been doing!"

"Yes, Yes, I know, I know but you need to calm down Kathryn." Mike said cooly. "We've already been through that. You caught me, I know."

My mind was racing, if Kathryn had discovered our texts she had read some pretty embarrassing things. I had gotten pretty sexy at times. No wonder she was calling me a whore.

"I really think I should go." I said quietly.

"No. Molly, you stay." There was a new tone in Mike's voice, cool, confident and controlled. "Kathryn, let her go." He commanded calmly, forcefully and Kathryn released me with a little push and a dig of her nails into my arm. "Kathryn and I were just discussing some issues in our marriage and I think you should be here."

"The only issue is you and this fucking slut." Kathryn growled.

"Stop it." Mike said sternly, "That's bullshit and you know it Kathryn. This is as much your fault as mine. I have given you everything over the past 16 years but you've gotten so caught up in your little rich wife world you never have any time for me." 

"Pffffshaw" Kathryn hissed, "We spend plenty of time together when you're not here screwing this blonde puta!"

"Do not talk about her that way!" Mike barked forcefully. "Sure we have dinner and you tell me about all your events and your shopping but you never have time to fuck me or God forbid give me a blow job. Oh you used to love that but after we were married, nothing. Fucking nothing. You'd think with all I have given you you'd have some God damn appreciation! Molly here appreciates me!"

I was totally uncomfortable being caught in this and dying to just get out but glad Mike was standing up for me. 

"Oh, She knows what you need?" Kathryn brandished the phone, apparently Mike's that she was holding. "I've read what you need and what she needs! I want to feel your cock and taste your cum." she said in a mocking imitation of me. "She's a dirty little whore and that is all you care about!"

"What I care about Kathryn, is being appreciated. Respected. Maybe if you ever treated me like that this wouldn't have happened. Molly shows me some goddamn respect."

"Fuck you Mike!" she spat, "You speak to me of respect! Respect your wife and don't fuck little whores!" 

"That's enough Kathryn." Mike said in a tone that immediately quieted her. "Sit down. Sit down right now and be quiet. You are going to learn something about respecting me, about appreciating me, right now or so help me I will be done with you and see that you get nothing. Nothing." His voice was steel. "I will send you packing without so much as a cent!"

"How dare you!" Kathryn started to fume but Mike interrupted.

"You sit there quietly and learn something or so help me God." His voice exuded the power of a man who was not to be trifled with. Mike glanced at me for a second, sizing me up, assessing the situation. His eyes were looking into mine probing my mind, my soul, as Kathryn squirmed quietly on the couch where he had commanded her to sit.

"Molly, come here." He said flatly. "Come over here." 

I hesitated, shaken by the whole situation but compelled to do as he said I slowly walked the few steps over to him. 

"You've come a long way haven't you?"

"Yes.. I suppose..." I said, puzzled, not knowing what he wanted from me.

"I know you did, and I appreciate that. I'm sorry I wasn't able to respond to your texts today. Kathryn saw them and well... here we are. So,tell me, what did your last one say?"

"I don't know..." I stammered, blushing because I did know but couldn't say it in front of his wife. 

"It's okay, you can tell me, Kathryn read it to me, I know... she knows."

What the Hell was he up to? I blushed more deeply. "Ummm.. I think I said I wanted to suck your cock." I winced a little, saying it out loud sounded so slutty and Kathryn huffed but Mike hushed her, fixing her with an icy stare. 

"So you came all this way to suck my cock. I like that. I like that... why do you want to suck it?"

I was really confused but strangely enough I was getting slightly turned on too. Just finally being there with him, thinking about sucking him made me a little tingly all over but it made me lightheaded to think of telling him on front of his wife, but I swallowed hard and answered shyly. 

"It makes me happy to make you feel good. It makes me feel full and happy and sexy. And..." I added looking up at him a little seductively, "You have a beautiful, amazing cock." 

Kathryn snickered nastily, "You Fucking little slut." she cursed under her breath. 

"Quiet!" Mike shushed her sternly again. "You should listen to her and learn how to treat me. How to give me some goddamn respect and appreciate what you have!" 

Turning back to me he looked me in the face. "You came all this way to be with me and she needs to fucking learn something." Looking me deeply in the eye his face softened a little. 

"Show her how you suck my cock."

My mind reeled. What did he mean? What the Hell was going on? I was so confused I just stood there looking at him blankly.

"Show her how you suck my cock." Mike repeated firmly as he reached down and pulled his fly open. 

Kathryn stood up in a huff but Mike fixed her with a steely stare. "Sit down Kathryn! You are going to watch and maybe you'll finally learn to appreciate me and everything I have given you." 

With that he pulled out his cock right in front of both of us. Even flaccid it was impressive, thick, manly and so sexy, immediately I yearned for it, but did he really want me to suck him in front of his wife? Was I that much of a slut for him that I could do that?

Mike helped me answer that question. "We both know you want it. You came all this way for it so why deny it? Show my wife how you suck my cock and maybe she'll finally learn a little fucking gratitude." Mike fixed Kathryn with his gaze as he slowly stroked his dick.

This was a man who knew he had nothing to lose in this situation. This was his ultimatum to both his wife and to me. She needed his money and status and I desperately needed the wonderfully thick cock hanging heavily in front of me now.

Mike put his hand on my shoulder and started to push me dosn. He knew he was in control and was playing a game with us now to see what we would do, how far I would go for him, but even as he was playing us I already I knew that I was all in. I had been all in since the first time I had been with him. All in since he had fucked me like I had never been fucked before, making me cum harder than I had ever thought possible. All in since the first time he had rewarded me by filling my mouth with his sweet hot cum. Kathryn was right; I was her husband's slutty whore but I didn't care. If she didn't appreciate him then I was going to show her exactly how much I did! 

I dropped down to my knees, my nervousness easing as I took Mikes still soft but heavy, warm cock in my hand, feeling the wonderful weight of it, stroking it lovingly, then lightly, slowly, licking all around the head. 

"Yes" Mike purred down to me, "Yes, baby. That's it, that's it." He encouraged me as I grabbed his thick shaft and ran the wet softness of my tongue up the entire underside of his length, feeling the heft of his massive but still only half-erect cock as it flopped against my tongue and face. 

Oh my God it felt so good to finally be with him! I was finally back where I belonged, on my knees worshipping this glorious cock! I had been waiting so long, I needed it so badly that I quickly forgot Kathryn's presence and lost myself in the sheer erotic joy of the moment. My mouth was flooding with saliva as I licked and stroked his warm, stiffening cock happily until finally, nearly fully erect, I let my lips be stretched open by his probing cockhead and slid his throbbing warm cock into my hungry mouth. 

Mike groaned in satisfaction and I felt the tension in his body ease as I took him deeper. As cool as he seemed outwardly, he was clearly stressed from fighting and it felt wonderfully sexy to be the one to able to relieve that for him. My heart raced at the naughtiness of it all as Kathryn glowered on the couch while Mike allowed me the privilege and honor of pleasuring him. 

His hand rested on top of my head tangling in my hair slightly as he started to guide me up and down his shaft, gently at first, them more forcefully as his cock reached it's incredible full hardness and he began to thrust his hips forward slightly to meet my eagerly bobbing head. My mouth was so wet I was drooling and slobbering all over his cock now, lost in cock sucking bliss. 

Knowing that Kathryn was watching was suddenly a huge turn on and I started to put on as big a show as I could for her, moaning happily and making loud slurping sounds as I worked up and down her husbands beautiful cock. 

"Take it baby," Mike cooed, "Take it all. Show her how much you can swallow."

With my lips wrapped tight around his shaft and his cockhead probing the back of my throat I turned slightly and glanced over at Kathryn. She was glaring at us and trying hard to remain haughty but I noticed her watching with some fascination as her husbands shining wet cock slid in and out of my stretched lips.

Instinctively my hand went down between my legs and began to rub my quickly moistening pussy through the thin lace of my panties. As Kathryn watched I relaxed my throat as much as I could and forced a few more precious inches into my straining mouth. I gagged due to the difficult angle but Kathryn's eyes widened slightly in amazement at the amount of her husbands cock I had shoved into my throat. 

I let it slide wetly from my throat, strong of saliva clinging to the head as I stroked the shaft slowly, gathering myself to plunge down again, determined to get him all in my throat. I adjusted myself to get a better angle and forced bulging head past my lips, then carefully past my glottis, this time concentrating hard to overcome my gag reflex as I worked my lips down his shaft, welcoming his full length deep into my willing throat. 

Mike moaned deeply and pressed my head down the last long inch until my nose was pushed up against his pubic bone with my lips wrapped around the very base of his shaft. His full, pulsing cockhead was lodged tightly deep down my throat as I precariously suspended my gag reflex, straining happily at the effort to accept all of him.

"Fuck yes baby," Mike moaned. "Fuck yes! That's it... Swallow my cock for her."

My eyes were watering and rolling back in my head as I held him there as long as I could until finally I pulled back, gasping as I released his whole length, swallowing hard and panting for air as my hand slid up and downs his slick, glistening shaft and up over his straining, head. 

With my throat relaxed now I went to work sucking him in earnest, gobbling his cock like a starved woman. I moaned with pleasure as I slurped up and down his shaft, plunging his cock deep into my throat, then bobbing up and down on his cock head, my lips popping up and down over the thick ridge of his glans as I used two hands together to twist and stroke his wet shaft. 

Suddenly another slender hand grasped the base and began stroking up and down in front of my face. 

"I'm not going to let you have it all to yourself you little whore." Kathryn growled.

As I had been lost in my cock worshipping reverie, Kathryn had come over and kneeled beside me and was now looking up at her husband, stroking his cock in unison with me. 

Fixing me with glare she pulled Mikes cock away from me and plunged her mouth down, engulfing his cockhead covered in the sheen of my saliva. As irritating as it was to have her take the object of such pleasure away from me, I had to admit she looked incredibly sexy as her dark eyes gleamed and lips stretched as she worked her way down her husband's dick. 

"Fuck yes, Kathryn," Mike sighed, "That's it, fuck it has been so long since you've sucked me. Fucking take it, suck it for me!"

Mike was clearly enjoying his victory and as sad as I was to let his beautiful cock go, I understood that at that moment what he needed was to feel his wife worship his manhood. Reluctantly I sat back on my heels and watched as Kathryn went to work. She was a little tentative at first but soon found a rhythm, taking him about halfway down before coming up all the way to the tip, her lips popping wetly over the ridge of his bulging cockhead. 

I continued to rub my pussy as I watched her, pulling my panties aside and letting my juices coat my probing fingers as I began to rock my hips gently.
