 WARNING:

The following story is for the entertainment of ADULTS ONLY, and contains descriptions of explicit sex. If you are not an adult, or reading sex stories upset you, or you are offended by subjects of a sexual nature - do not read any further! 

This story is for entertainment only. It contains adult oriented material. This is a work of fiction. The acts and characters contained within are figments of my imagination and have no basis in fact. I do not practice, advocate, condone or encourage acts portrayed here. The characters in the story are entirely fictional. You need to believe that all of the characters are over the age of eighteen.

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written permission of the author. This story may be freely distributed with this notice attached.

* * * * * * * * * * 

Previous: Harriett disclosed that her new boss, a woman named Rianne (pronounced Ryan), touched her in inappropriate ways. Harvey agreed to accompany Harriett on a trip to Nashville and set Rianne straight. At the resort, before Rianne and Harriett arrived, Mr. Marcus cajoled a jet ski operator to fuck him as they rode on the lake. Having met Rianne and informed her of Harriett's unwillingness, Rianne divulges that she knows Mr. Marcus has been promiscuous. She'll retain Harriett, leave her alone and keep Marcus's secrets, but in return, he has to take her daughter to bed before they leave in two days. Mr. Marcus accepts the challenge to save Harriett.

* * * * * * * * * * 

Olivia dressed well, despite her thin figure. Tailored clothes, definitely not off the rack. Store bought would have hung on her. She stood as far from me in the elevator as she could. Distrust flared in her eyes. My dick flinched. Maybe I remembered Twiggy, the British model who was all skin and bones. 

Rianne and Harriett were already on opposite sides of the table in the resort's main restaurant. I took the seat next to Harriett, while Olivia sat across from me, next to her mother. Rianne, who seemed to constantly be waving her hand for one reason or another, summoned the wine guy and ordered a bottle. She didn't bother asking anyone at the table for their individual likes or dislikes. "You'll like this vintage. It was a very wet spring."

I've never gotten into the intricacies of wine. Too much information to remember, and then one spoiled grape and a whole batch would go sour. It was only a matter of time, and this trip would suffer the same fate. The problem was to identify the sour grape before it ruined everything. I glanced at Harriett. Sour grape detected. She glared back, as if she'd read my mind.

Harriett had no opportunity to talk to me about sharing a room with Rianne, but I could read her expression. Harriett was not a happy camper. She probably felt vulnerable to Rianne's continued advances. If she only knew the sacrifice I was going to make.

"It's always so nice, being with people I care about. I view my subordinates as an extension of my family." Rianne reached out for Harriett's hand and patted it. My foot felt the impact of Harriett's size ten. I grimaced and bent forward but stifled an outcry. "Do you like your quarters? Ours are sooo roomy. Why, we could both be there and never know it."

Olivia and I had a suite, but with only one bedroom, custom designed to force us into proximity, leading to sexual intercourse, if she was lucky. 

"I'll deal with it," Olivia said.

I was quite surprised when Harriett and Olivia struck up a non-stop conversation during dinner. Olivia rattled on about her love of the outdoors, hiking and bird watching, and was enthusiastic about the local possibilities. I didn't know that Harriett had been a camper and bird watcher as a young girl. I loved bird watching too, just the British female kind.

Rianne kept refilling her daughter's glass, and Olivia kept emptying it. Olivia's speech indicated the alcohol had affected her. Handicapping our agreement? Perhaps tonight, Olivia would be friendly bordering on intimate. I'd get Olivia and Rianne would get what she wanted. The food was excellent, despite flashbacks to Inga, naked and mounted on the tip of my prick. Must have been the wine. I shook my head to clear the image. 

Our dinner outing was especially pleasant when Rianne picked up the tab. "Oh, and I've had gifts delivered to your room." Rianne hugged her daughter and whispered in her ear. Then she turned to me. "Why don't you two visit the nightclub? Just charge it to my room. Come, Harriett, I have some figures to review with you." Olivia leaned against the wall as we waited for the elevator in our wing of the hotel. "Mum told me to be nice to you, because Harriett is her best worker and wouldn't want to lose her."

Rianne had an eye for talent. Harriett is a perfectionist, except when it comes to sex. "Your mother is very kind. How about your mother's suggestion? Do you dance?" I asked.

Olivia shook her head. "I'm not very light on my feet."

"Want to see the club?" If not, I could show her the club throbbing in my pants. Part of my condition was Inga, but there was an Olivia component that couldn't be denied.

Olivia belched. "I don't feel so good." She staggered towards the elevator.

Olivia's gate was awkward, her arms outstretched to guide herself through our room. On the beds were two boxes each. The first contained bathing suits, the second sleepwear. The swimsuits looked quite plain, with conservative designs. Loose but not so loose as to expose anything. The sleepwear, however, was quite sexy. Olivia got a one-piece nightgown in a translucent silky fabric. I got top and shorts in the same material and color.

"I can't wear this to bed. It'll show, well, everything." Olivia pulled open a drawer, which fell on the floor. She lifted a long cotton nightshirt from the wreckage.

"I would have expected your mother to know your taste."

Olivia reacted to her cell phone's buzzing. "Hi, Mum. The Jacuzzi? If you insist." She flipped the phone shut. "Mum wants us to meet her down by the pool."

It seemed odd, given that she'd just told us she had work to do. Olivia stood still, staring off into space. 

"We'd better change if we're to meet them." 

Olivia was unresponsive, so I touched her gently on the shoulder. "O?"

She slapped me across the face for my trouble. "Hands off. Just because I had a few drinks-" Vomit interrupted her scolding.

I aimed Olivia at our bathroom. While she took care of herself, I chucked my soiled shirt and pants, and quickly slid off my jockeys and slid on my trunks. They were smooth, almost as if they weren't cloth at all. Some kind of exotic synthetic.

Finally, Olivia came out, her designer dress wet where she'd tried to clean off the puke.

"I usually don't drink that much." Olivia snatched up her suit and returned to the bathroom. 

Olivia's arms and legs were completely exposed in her swimsuit. It was too loose to show the shape of her breasts, but they must have been tiny not to be visible at all. Inga's breasts had much more volume. 

"I'm better now." She wiped a few stray hairs from her eyes. "Let's go downstairs."

I threw my vomit-stained clothes in the bathtub and soaked them. To make sure we had some, I grabbed two towels from the rack. Olivia put on the latest trendy beach clogs. I had cheap sandals.

The Jacuzzis were situated along one side of the pool area. Rianne and Harriett weren't there. Harriett is a good swimmer but gets embarrassed wearing bathing suits. She says it shows off too much of her body. If she'd lose a few pounds, she'd show less, but the last time I suggested that, my shoulder was stiff for a week,

"We don't have to wait for them," I suggested.

I turned a control knob a full turn. Warm bubbles danced across the surface. Jets churned the water below. I stepped in and took a seat on one side. Olivia chose the opposite side, as far from me as possible. The water massage was quite relaxing. Across from me, Olivia must have been enjoying the feeling. She leaned back, eyes closed, arms along the Jacuzzi's rim. I blinked twice. Olivia's suit seemed to be transparent. Cloth sometimes does that in water. I wanted a peek at her tits but tried not to stare, until I realized that her swimsuit wasn't wet. It was dissolving. Her minimal breast mounds broke the waves as she straightened her back. I felt my thighs. My suit had dissolved as well.

"Uh, we have a problem."

Olivia opened her eyes and detected her exposure. Her hands flew to cover her private parts, but she was one hand short. One arm crossed her chest, the other hand cupped her mound. "What's going on? What happened to my suit?"

"Our suits." Evidently they were water-soluble.

Olivia shrieked. Any guest within a hundred yards would have heard. "Is this one of your tricks?" She grabbed a towel and threw it around her torso. Her stork legs were visible but all of her privates were covered. 

Rianne probably thought that stunt would assist me, but all it did was piss off her daughter. My hardening cock bobbed in front of me, partially from viewing her body. Was I finding that skinny shapeless collection of bones attractive? I stood first, to intentionally let her see what she had in store, then pulled a towel around my waist. We rode the glass elevator, standing on opposite sides, towels covering our suitless bodies. Guests getting on and off stared but said nothing. Did they know we were naked? 

In the room, Olivia's face hadn't returned to normal color. Her pale complexion was pink from her agitation. Her eyebrows danced as she spoke. "How could you? Embarrassing me like that! You should be ashamed." 

I wasn't about to be the villain, even if I couldn't be the hero. "Don't blame me. I didn't buy those suits. Think about where they came from."

"Mum."

"Riiiiight. Think she knew what they'd do in water? And how come she didn't show up to join us?"

Olivia stood silent, holding the towel firm.

"Think about that, huh? And she gave us that sleepwear too. The stuff you said would expose you. Like the swimsuits. Can you identify a pattern?"

She plopped down into the bed. Her legs were slightly spread, straining the towel to keep her pussy covered. A lump was evident under my towel, but I didn't flaunt it. Olivia was supposed to be smart. I witnessed the light bulb come on. "Mum set us up. She wants something to happen between us. Something sexual."

Good, I didn't have to tell her.

"She's thrown men at me before. Lots of times. Just never so blatant. And never a married man. Harriett is a nice lady." She spoke softly. "What timing." She chuckled lightly. 

Olivia leaned over to fetch her cotton nightgown from the floor, choosing not to wear the gift from her mother. The awkward stance caused her to tilt precariously. "Whoa." She raised one leg to keep her balance. The towel wasn't big enough to hide her round ass and the protruding mount of her cunt, an orifice my prick would never visit. With nightgown and sundries bag in hand, she disappeared into the bathroom. In our pattern of behavior, I changed into Olivia's gift, hoping it wouldn't disintegrate while I slept. Soft moans wafted from the bathroom. Damn, was Olivia masturbating? I would have gladly helped, if she'd asked. Evidently Olivia didn't require a male assistant. Still, I didn't get any softer, thinking of Olivia servicing herself, while she ignored a genuine erection just a few feet away.

No words were exchanged when Olivia finally exited the bathroom and slid into her bed.

One day was over, with one more remaining. How and when should I tell Rianne that she'd won? I decided to wait until our departure. Only a miracle would put me between Olivia's thighs.

* * * 

I woke up to the sound of drawers opening and flashes of light as Olivia entered and exited the bathroom. She was decked out in khaki shirt and shorts and hiking boots. An array of camera equipment, bodies and lenses, hung from straps around her neck, as well as a pair of world-class binoculars. The numerous pockets of her photographer vest bulged with accessories. A pith helmet straight out of a Tarzan movie topped her stylish outfit. How much had she dropped at L. L. Bean for this get-up?

"Where are you going this early?" I asked. It was three AM according to the alarm clock, an ungodly hour.

"Bird watching. I mentioned it yesterday."

"The birds won't be up for a couple of hours yet." I stretched my arms and legs. A partial erection made a small mound under the sheet.

"I'll be at the Ryston Reserve and Sanctuary if anyone is looking for me." She closed the door gently. She was being kind to our neighbors. Certainly not me.

I rolled over to catch a few more winks. After all, this trip was eating up a couple of vacation days. It was time I started treating like a vacation. The phone chirped. A glance at the clock radio and a quick calculation told me I'd managed to get an extra hour and a half. "Hello?"

"So, how are you two getting along?" It was Rianne.

"What was that swimsuit stunt?" I sat up. "Don't you know your daughter well enough-"

"It was an ice breaker. Olivia would never take her clothes off in front of a man. Even you."

Damn right. Even the thin nightgown was a no-go. "So you came up with water-soluble bathing suits."

"Ingenious, no?"

"Not at all. She thinks I did it, for obvious purposes." I didn't disclose my suggestion to Olivia that her mother was responsible. "She's colder to me than ever. And she's off bird watching-"

"And you didn't accompany her? Why, that's at least half a day of opportunity lost. Shame on you."

Shame on me? Rianne was coercing me to fuck her daughter, and shame on me? "Olivia made it clear she wanted to go alone. Besides, she was dressed and leaving before I'd rubbed the crud from my eyes."

"The clock is ticking, Harvey. Although if you'd like to reconsider, I'd be a worthy sexual companion-"

This time I interrupted. "Sorry. And if sabotaging Olivia and me is your plan to get laid, forget it."

"I don't need you to get satisfied. By the way, I'll require proof."

"Of what?"

"That you and Olivia had sexual intercourse."

"Would a video be sufficient?" I was being facetious.

"If you have the equipment."

Of course I had the equipment, otherwise how could I fuck - oh, she meant a movie camera.

"Or I could observe," she continued.

She wants to watch me fuck her daughter? I'd been in that position before, sometimes with the parent as cheerleader or coach. Rianne wasn't my idea of an appropriate audience. "No way."

"Not even from a distance? For example, you could do it on your balcony."

"So not only do I have to fuck your daughter, but do it in public view? Tell me, would you do that? Fuck some guy on your balcony?"

"If that's what it takes, then fine. I'll find a companion and consummate a one night stand on my balcony. After Harriett is fast asleep, of course."

I walked to our balcony and ventured out about twelve inches. "Come out and wave so I can see you."

Rianne was already on her balcony. She hung a striped towel from the railing as identification.

"I see you," I said. I grabbed my pants from the previous evening and swung them over my head. 

"Yes, yes. There you are. Are you wearing the pajamas I provided?"

She could see me, but no details. "Uh huh."

"They're break away, you know. One swift pull, and, well, you'd be exposed and available. Olivia's nightgown has the same feature."

"Nice to know." But useless, since she wouldn't wear it. "I'll be looking forward to your show this evening," I said.

"I'll ask Harriett to get to bed early for a breakfast meeting tomorrow. Watch for me at nine. And then, I'll expect to see you and Olivia later tonight."

"Absolutely." Fat chance. Maybe I could find a look-alike. No, Rianne wouldn't be fooled. And no one I'd seen at the resort looked anything like Olivia. All of them had more meat on their bones. Even young Inga. 

I daydreamed about Inga as I laid out near the pool. Our sexual liaison had been so brief, yet it left a deep impact. Perhaps because there had been no deep penetration. We'd both had wanted it, but her almost convulsive reaction to getting penetrated took us both by surprise. I sensed movement in my vicinity and shielded the sun from my eyes. A brunette on one side and freckled redhead on the other surrounded me. No swimsuit, normal or dissolving, could have disguised my erection, so I didn't bother. Until I noticed Rianne and Harriett walking past the pool. I tossed a towel over my midsection. Harriett, in street clothes, scurried off, most likely on a business errand. Rianne, in a beach robe, selected an empty lounger off to the side and waved for a drink. Her suit showed everything she had - rolls of skin, likely the remnants of some extreme diet program or procedure, bulged from her middle. I saw her stuff something into the busboy's hand when he delivered her beverage and then hold on, forcing him to retain his bent position. Had she passed him more than money, perhaps a note? Was he the selected stud for tonight? He met Rianne's criteria, muscular and young.

I removed the towel and thought about hooking up with either of the two young ladies surrounding me. Maybe both. They seemed eager enough, adjusting their bra straps and repositioning their bottoms by hooking their fingers in the edge of the material and pulling it away from their hot flesh. But I decided to save my sexual strength, just in case seeing a rare species put Olivia in a rare sexual mood.

I spent the reminder of the day in my room, watching old movies and local TV shows. One news anchor wore a particularly low cut blouse. Every time she leaned towards the camera to make a point, her cleavage was on display to all of her viewers. The cameraman dipped down on a couple of occasions, losing her face off the top of the screen, focusing instead on her tits. Amateur.

I was in the middle of documenting our financial assets on a yellow tablet when the door opened. Olivia entered, bruised, cut, hair escaping from her ever-present bun. The lens cases were coated with dirt. The pith helmet was missing.

"What happened to you?" I asked.

"I was standing on an embankment, when I caught a glimpse of what I thought was a red-cockaded woodpecker. They're endangered, you know? I guess I leaned too far to get a better look. My feet slipped." 

Looked more like tumbled down, head over heels. "Come with me and I'll fix you up."

Olivia pulled a wad of mud from her hair and flicked it down. She allowed me to take her hand and lead her into the bathroom. Her hiking boots left a trail of dirt on the rug. She'd skinned both knees. Scrapes and scratches decorated both legs. Her shorts were damp. I sat her on the granite counter of the sink and moistened a washcloth with warm water.

"You did a real number." I lathered up the cloth and stroked her ravaged skin as gently as I could. At least I could clean her wounds, even if I didn't have antiseptics.

"I have some creams," she said. "In my tote." Her face reddened. "Uh, never mind."

"Okay. First we need to make sure there's no dirt in the wounds." I guided one foot onto the nearby toilet seat. That spread her legs, with no complaint. With thin thighs and normal sized leg openings, it was easy to see up her shorts to her panties. Despite her ruler-straight frame, touching her skin through the washcloth was titillating. The promise of pussy kept me inflated.

I treated both legs, now wide spread, and stood close enough to prevent her from closing them while I administered her arms. Although she flinched when I started to wipe her face, she let me cleanse that as well. Her head tilted back. I saw no evidence of breast bumps under her shirt, but the material was blousy. All of the buttons were still closed, although I expected no cleavage. "Hungry?" I asked. "Are you up for going down to dinner?" Or just up for going down? "Your mother is expecting us."
