 I clicked the green button, and her video window appeared on my laptop. She held up her phone for me to see, switched it to silent, gave it a kiss, and then winked at me as she reached down out of frame. I knew she was putting the phone between her thighs.

She was sitting at her desk at work. I could see her office behind her, the window with a view of trees in the park, and a bookshelf full of binders. She was wearing a white button-up shirt with a camisole on under it, and a black skirt.

Her desk was in a semi-private office near the entrance to the business she worked at. There was a large window next to her door, where she sat facing the hall. Anyone walking in or out had to walk past her office.

I tested our situation immediately by sending her a text. After a second, I didn't hear anything, but I saw her visibly startle and then blush and look at the camera with wide eyes in mock surprise.

"I nearly jumped out of my seat when you did that," she typed in our chat window. "I'm going to have to be careful."

"I'm going to keep you jumping all day," I replied.

True to my word, I would send her a text every fifteen or twenty minutes. She agreed to keep her phone under her skirt, pressed against her clit all day. After awhile, she got pretty good at not reacting so that anyone but me would notice. But I could see the slight stiffening of her posture, or a momentary pause in her typing.

Once, I heard a coworker come in to start chatting with her, and I quickly sent a text. She didn't bat an eyelid, though I saw her reach over to grip the edge of her desk, and when her coworker left, she glared at me.

I sent her three texts in a row for that. I watched her bite her lip and stare at me as her phone rumbled against her clit.

Every now and then she would have to leave her desk to talk to someone or go to the restroom, but she made a point to always put the phone back. I trusted her, but I still sent a test text shortly after she sat down each time, just for fun.

As the day progressed, I started upping the ante. I would send several texts in a row, or I would actually call and let it ring for a few seconds. The longer vibration from the calls usually left her slightly flushed and her breathing a bit ragged.

Around 4:00 pm, her boss walked in to discuss something. I watched her quickly minimize our video chat window, but I could still see her. I grinned, because the situation was too good to pass up. I sent a text.

No reaction. Her boss was sitting on the edge of her desk explaining something at length.

I sent two more texts.

Still no reaction. She was nodding patiently as her boss kept talking.

I waited a minute and then dialed her phone and let it ring. Once... twice... three times... FOUR times... voice mail. I can't be sure, but I think I saw her tensing up towards the end.

I waited a few seconds and dialed again. Once more, it rang four times and went to voicemail. She seemed to be trying even harder to avoid reacting, sitting primly, with her hands folded in her lap.

I give her a minute's respite and then dial again. While it was ringing her boss finally walked out, and she immediately turned to the camera. "Please," she mouths silently.

I hang up. She takes a ragged breath and closes her eyes, centering herself, and I dial again.

A small whimper escaped her lips, and she gripped the desk on either side of her keyboard tightly. Her eyes were closed, and she breathed deeply as it rang and rang, buzzing insistently between her thighs.

I heard her voice mail prompt start again, but before I could dial again, she stood up. I watched her smooth her clothes, grab her phone and walk out of her office.

Ten minutes later, I got a text: "I had to go to the bathroom. My panties were soaked. Took them off. Be home in thirty minutes."

I grinned, closed my laptop and walked out of my office to follow her home. I had a feeling tonight was going to be fun.