 I walked through my front door and slammed it behind me. “Honey, I’m home.” No answer. Oh well that’s what you get when you live alone. Walking through to the kitchen I pushed play on the answering machine, not really wanting to know who wanted to speak to me. 

I opened to fridge as the first one played. “Hi, um I was wanting to speak to Kate. My name is Michael from Event Logistics. If Kate could please call me back on 3452 4869 or after hours on 0444 111 584. Please do not hesitate to contact me. Thanks”

I pressed stop on the machine and stood there in a daze for a second. Who the hell is Michael from Event Logistics? I pulled the phone book out from under the phone and scanned the pages. No Event Logistics here. OK now I am worried, how did he get my number. Oh well I will ring him tomorrow from work, less chance of him doing any harm.

I took a sip of my coke and looked at the flashing number on the machine. They could wait; I needed a long hot shower and then bed.

Michael sat on his couch channel surfing. There was nothing on the fifty odd channels he had. He pushed the AV button on his remote and watched the massive screen flick onto a little whore having her arse fucked by a small dick little worm. It disgusted him that some people were even aloud to go near a camera let alone be on it. He pressed the change disc button and jumped up to get a beer. He heard the disc change and lazed back onto the couch. 

The picture flicked onto a nice girl, ordinary looking but beautiful at the same time. She was lying on a bed with no one but herself. Her eyes were closed as hands explored the curves and crevices of her body. Michael could see her nipples harden under her sheer bra. His body responded to the sight, making him feel like he was going to go insane if he didn’t relieve himself. Her hands explored her body slowly, but with eagerness. As her fingers reached below her panties her back arched. She pushed them down her legs giving her full access to her already aroused quim. Michael put his beer aside and sat up, pulling his erect cock from his boxers. His hands stroked his shaft, feeling how hard he was, wishing he was on the bed with her. As he watched her hands slide between the folds of her pussy, seeing her glistening juices accentuate the hard nub of her clit standing out. Michael watched as he pulled his cock, making him harder, needing to feel it slide into her hot pussy.

I jumped into the shower, feeling the hot water run over my body. It felt good, I was horny as hell, couldn’t remember the last time I had felt the pleasures of sex. My hands wandered over my body making my skin break out in goose bumps despite the heat of the water. I let my mind wander to the message I had received, wondering who he was. My hands massaged my breasts, feeling my nipples stand up as I fondled them. I stopped before I got too far. I had made a habit of masturbating since I had become single. I needed to do something about it, but not alone. Turning the taps off I jumped out of the shower and toweled myself off. My reflection stared back at me in the mirror, mocking me, making me wet. I looked at my body, knowing that I kept it well. My legs were nice and long, leading to my carefully and painfully waxed quim, just leaving a little manicured strip of hair at the front. My torso with my generous breasts, just waiting to be stroked. I saw my nipples harden again at the thought. I grabbed the phone out of my room before my mind could talk me out of it.

Just as Michael was about to cum, feeling pathetic that there was no one there to take it, his mobile rang. Shit. He hated that. He thought about just letting the machine pick it up, but then again he was waiting for someone to call. Michael stood up, groaning with pain. Flicking off the TV, he took a few labored steps to his phone and answered it.

“Hello”

“Oh hi, is that Michael” It was a female voice; he hoped the one he wanted.

“Yes Speaking” Michael was trying to keep his voice even, despite the pain.

“Um, my name is Kate; you left a message for me today” Yes, yes, yes. He almost came then and there.

“Wonderful, I’m glad you returned my call. I have a package here for you that have come from interstate that you need to sign for.”

“Ok, who are they from” Kate’s mind was running overtime trying to think of who had sent her something. She suspected that they were business related but had her doubts.

“It says they are from Petunia Designs. The sender rang me and asked me to make sure you get them as soon as possible. Do you know what they are?”

“Yes I do, I have been waiting for them. I will have to drop by your office in the morning on my way to work to get them. What time do you open?” 

“Well I run my business from home so I have them here now if you wanted to come by and get them” Here’s hoping this will work. Katrina had said that he would like Kate.

“That would be brilliant as I need them for a meeting in the morning. Are you sure that this is OK, I don’t want to put you out” Kate knew exactly what Katrina had done, and she wasn’t in the mood to knock a good offer back at this stage.

“Of course it’s OK, No trouble at all. I will go and get it now for you.” 

“Thank you very much, just let me grab your address and I will come straight over”

Michael gave her the address, struggling to hide the excitement in his voice. He was in luck tonight. He hung up and laughed. This was going to be fun.

Kate put the phone down and cursed at her best friend. Katrina ran a design business that supplied Kate with the presentations that Kate needed for her job. Kate was hopeless with computers, so she simply laid out the presentation on paper and let Katrina do the rest. She thought about calling her to at least find out what she was getting herself into, but then decided to just got with the flow and let it run its course. As she ran her eyes over her wardrobe, she thought about the possibilities. Kate pulled out her lingerie draw and pulled out a few of her favorites. She decided to go with her simple lace bra that was slightly see through to let the imagination do the rest, and the matching lace panties. They made her feel sexy, not sluttish and from previous experience knew that they were not too much to turn even the most anti lingerie guys off. Kate pulled on a pair of jeans that hugged her hips nicely and a fitted shirt that left her with a perfect outline. Slipping into her favorite sneakers that she left for smart casual, Kate stepped outside into the crisp evening air. On her way to Michaels place she nearly turned around a couple of time, the only thing keeping her on track was the fact that she was getting so wound up and needed what was waiting for her.

A set of headlight appeared at the curb and Michael heard the engine stop. He quickly scanned the room to make sure that it was perfect, and then pulled the door closed and walked into the kitchen. There was no sound of Kate walking up the driveway until she climbed the steps to the front door. Michael’s heart beat sped up as he heard the doorbell go. This was it, now or never. Katrina had promised him that they would get along and that she was just as deprived as he. He opened the door and looked out at what he could only describe as unbelievably sexy. Kate was perfect, well physically anyway. He admired the fact that she stood there without as much as a flinch or sign of nervousness. She stared back at him; her eyes were sparkling with what he read as lust. Before he made a fool of himself he thought he better say something.

“Hi, Kate I assume?” 

“Yes that is me, are you going to let me in before I freeze” Kate thought she was going to faint. The spectacular male that was standing in front of her was nothing like she had imagined. She struggled to keep her naturally laid back confident composure.

“Of course, come in. Would you like a drink?” Michael opened the door wider as Kate stepped past him, giving him a small smile and letting her light perfume drift up to his nostrils. This was going to be harder than he thought. He was having trouble containing himself.

“Yes that would be nice. Do you have the package here?” Of course he had the package, just that Kate was more interested in the one he had.

“Would you like water, wine or soft drink?”

“Do you have a beer?”

“Of course, I only have Corona” God she got sexier by the minute.

“That will be fine” Kate followed him to the kitchen, taking in the house around her. It was very well done, for a male. It made her wonder whether or not she was wrong in her thinking. Some of the décor was more likely to be done by a female, but she could be wrong. Michael put a beer and glass in front of her with a lemon wedge in it. What did he think she was, she had asked for a beer not a bloody girls drink.

“I’ll just go and get the package for you, make yourself comfortable”

“Thanks” Kate grabbed the Corona off the bench and fished the lemon out of the glass, pushing it into the beer. She saw Michael look at her as if she was crazy. He walked out of the room and she sat down on the chair in the lounge.

Michael came back in carrying a small box. He put it on the coffee table for Kate, and picked up his already half empty beer. He sat on the couch, and looked at Kate.

“You know why you’re here don’t you?” He had guessed that she would have figured it out otherwise she would have waited until the morning.

“Well that depends on what you think I am here for” Good one Kate, play games that will help.

“Katrina set us up; she seems to think that we needed it”

“Katrina was right, about both of us by the looks of it” Kate had noticed that Michael was obviously feeling a bit aroused.

“Very true” Michael was well aware of the obvious hardening of his member. He knew that it would be hard to contain him. 

At the same time Kate was aware of the fact that she too was finding it hard to control herself. She decided that she was going to have to do something about it. Kate stood up, placed her beer on the table, and walked over to stand in front of Michael. He looked up at her with a smile on his face.

“So, I would assume that this may help” Kate leaned over Michael and kissed him, letting him explore her mouth with his eager tongue. He was eager but passionate, it made her let out a small moan. He placed his hands on her hips and pulled her down to him. She tasted good, he need to have her. Kate straddled him, not wanting to break the kiss. She eventually pulled back and smiled.

“Help?”

“Very Much”

Kate ran her hands over his chest, feeling his well kept body. She wanted him to fuck her, but wanted to wait. Michael ran his hands up her body, making her moan with his touch. He undid the buttons on her shirt and let it open to reveal her beautiful breasts and body. She had a nice body that wasn’t to thin, giving her nice curves and something to hold onto. It drove Michael wild looking at it, feeling her skin respond to his fingers. Kate let him push her shirt from her shoulders, leaving her with just her bra on. He reached up and ran his fingers over her breasts, enjoying the affect he had. She looked at him with wanting eyes. Kate moved towards him and kissed him again, letting Michael undo her bra to expose her aroused nipples. He pulled away and took on in his mouth, letting his tongue flick over it, gently nibbling on it, feeling it become harder with his touch. Kate let out a moan as he moved to the other one; her body writhed, trying to give him more. She felt like she would explode any minute as Michael ran his fingertips under her breasts, tickling the sensitive skin that made her heart skip a beat.

Michael knew that he needed to get out of his jeans. His now fully erect cock was pushing against the restrictive clothing. As if Kate had read his mind, she reached down and undid his jeans. Her hands were soft and felt so good against his skin.

“Come with me” Michael picked her up with him as he stood up. Kate wrapped her legs around him and kissed him deeply. 

“Oh I will, don’t you worry” Kate could feel his hard dick pressing against her pussy through her jeans. Michael carried her into the bedroom and laid her on the bed.

He stood up and let his jeans drop to the ground, exposing his aroused cock. Kate looked at him and let a smile spread across her face. He pulled his shirt over his head and joined her on the bed. Michael undid her jeans, pulling them off with her shoes. She moved her hands up to her breasts, running them over her hard nipples. Her body yearned for his touch. She looked up at him as he ran his hands and mouth over her legs and thighs. Michael kissed his way down her legs, smelling her arousal as he hovered over her glistening pussy. She was so wet with her own juices, he couldn’t hold back any more. He lowered his mouth to her quim, letting his tongue lap up the taste of her. Kate’s body jolted at his touch, she was in heaven. She ran her hands through his hair, raising her hip for him, wanting to feel him make her cum. Her body moved with him, she felt his mouth over her clit. Kate drew in a sharp breath as he took the nub of her hard clit into his mouth; he nibbled on it, letting his tongue flick over it. Michael knew she was close; he didn’t want her to cum yet. He wanted to feel his cock inside her, making her cum around him, feeling her contract with pleasure. He lifted his face up and moved up to Kate’s face. He kissed her, letting her taste herself. Kate wanted him to mount her; she wanted to feel him inside her. She pushed him onto his back and straddled him. Her wet pussy rubbing his cock. Not yet though. Michael wanted her badly, but the cheeky smile on her face told him he would have to wait. 

Kate moved down his body, taking his nipples into her mouth making him gasp at the sensation. She moved down and took his cock in her mouth. Letting her tongue run over its head, tasting the salty pre-cum that she had aroused. Her mouth slid down his shaft, tongue tasting everything. Kate wrapped her hands around his balls and gently played with them. She looked up at him, liking the smile of ecstasy on his face. Michael could feel her warm mouth, her caressing tongue, eager hands working him into a frenzy. His hips moved up to meet her mouth, feeling her slide his cock into her mouth. She let it slide down her throat, knowing that he was enjoying it. Her own throbbing need was there, but she wanted to be ready. Wanted him to be ready. Kate let her tongue explore his cock one last time before she moved up to kiss him. She sat up and let his cock sit at the entrance to her quim. Kate let herself down, taking in the length of him fully. It had been so long, she felt a wave of pleasure sweep over her. Michael looked at Kate, she had her eyes closed, lips slightly parted. She had let out a growl as she lowered herself onto him. He felt her warm, wet pussy envelope his dick. It felt so good, as he let her sit there basking in the feeling of herself wrapped around him. Kate looked down at Michael and smiled. She moved up until Michael was nearly out of her, and then pushed herself back down his length. Michael gripped her hips, feeling her tease him, wanting her to fuck him. Kate felt herself wanting more; she worked up to a steady rhythm, enjoying the feeling of her control. Michael could feel himself needing to cum, Kate was riding him vigorously. She felt so fantastic he wanted to shoot his load in her, fill her up and feel her cum around his cock. Kate looked down at him, she knew he was close, so was she. She slowed her pace and smiled.

“Want to fuck me hard babe?” Michael looked at this goddess that was smiling at him.

“What did you have in mind?” With that Kate lifted herself off him and pulled Michael up. 

“Do me doggie” Michael smiled and stood beside the bed, not wanting to wait for too long. Kate positioned herself and let him enter her with one hard thrust. She drew her breath in sharply as he started to move inside her, letting her feel his power. Michael felt himself about to cum as Kate let out a moan. She contracted around him as he shot his load into her, her own cum dripping down their thighs. He pushed his cock into her filling her up, Kate’s body shaking as she let herself go. Kate felt her pussy gripping his cock, knowing that he was quenching her quim’s thirst, pushing himself into her deep as he could. He let her milk him dry before running his hands over her, feeling her skin, her body alive with excitement. Michael pulled his soaked member from her as she let herself onto the bed exhausted. He lay next to her letting his mouth meet hers.

To be Continued…