 I tested the last finishing touches on the tent pegs while Suz hovered impatiently by our belongings, eager to start loading them inside. It was already dark, being a winter Friday evening. We had driven straight out to the campsite after work, but daylight hours grew scarce this time of year.

'Ok, let's do this,' I said at last. Suz didn't waste a second, and had the camp mattresses laid down in moments. After having to spectate while I put up the tent she was suddenly a blur of compact efficiency, loading bags and equipment into the tent. I couldn't blame her. It was freezing out here! At least it wasn't raining. We looked at each other, laughing, as we pushed the queen sized feather doona into the tent. The last winter we had been camping I did no end of teasing about bringing the doona, but that didn't stop her from bringing it again this time.

'Such a princess,' I teased, as we climbed through the tent flaps ourselves, laughing at the mass of feathered comfort which seemed to fill half the space in the small, three-person tent. Tents never seemed to live up to the occupant count that they claimed. Three people would have to sleep right on top of each other to fit in here. Suz just laughed though. 'You love me!' she giggled, giving me some playful kisses and tackling me to the floor. She was right.

'I totally love you,' I responded, half fending her off, half tackling her back, all while trying to organise enough space for us to actually lay down. The damn doona really was big. We would be so cozy tonight, it was going to be amazing. Not that I would voice such positive feedback out aloud. That would spoil further opportunities to tease her.

Finally getting ourselves organised on our respective sides of the tent - with several interludes of enthusiastic kissing - our body warmth had warmed the tent comfortably to the point where we may not even need the covers. In one last flurry of motion I pulled off my jeans and shirt, threw them atop my already discarded jacket, and slumped with a sigh on my back, smiling across at Suz. She faced away from me, checking on the food, illuminated by the torch from her phone. She was gorgeous in any light.

'Well, we certainly won't be cold in here,' I said as she turned back towards me.

She laughed. 'I'm not sure it could ever be cold in a tent with you, you're like a furnace...'

Grabbing hold of her, I cut her off as I dragged her on top of me, pulling her face to mine. Closing my eyes, enjoying the feel of her in my arms, I kissed her passionately. A relaxed feeling flowed through me. After all of the bustling around setting up camp, not to mention the intense work week which preceded the camping trip, it felt amazing to let go of all the stresses of the week and just enjoy the feeling of my lips on hers. I broke the kiss, inhaling deeply, then kissed across her cheek to her neck while sliding my hands - thankfully warm now - under her top to caress down her back and side. Suz's body is amazing, with perfect curves that I could never resist, trailing down past her thin waist to her gorgeous round ass, which was currently showed off nicely by a pair of grey tights.

I exhaled, marvelling at the feel of her, enveloping my senses. My breath on her neck and ear began to stir a response. 'Mmm,' Suz moaned quietly, her own hands starting to slide insistently down my bare chest. I took her face in my hands, pulling her lips back against mine, letting the energy of my lust show in my kiss as I start to grind my body upwards against hers. Her hands slid inside my boxers, grasping my hardening cock. All thoughts of setting up camp had clearly departed from both our minds.

Suddenly, she pulled free, sitting up momentarily to take off her jumper. I laid back, arms draped above me, grinning, watching in anticipation of the strip show to come. Freeing herself from the hoodie, she cast it to the side, then leaned back down to kiss me. No strip show? Well, that wouldn't do.

Quickly, before she had a chance to settle herself back down on top of me, I seized her by the waist. Grasping her firmly I sat up, pushing her to the side. I loved the way I was able to handle her petite frame so effortlessly, evoking a short gasp of surprise from her. Rolling over I pinned her on her back, leaning in and kissing the mischievous smile that brightened her face in her moment of surprise. I braced myself above her, hands planted either side of her body, and admired my prize. She was such a Goddess.

I took her hands in mine and held them, pinned, above her head while leaning in to kiss down her neck. My cock was rock hard now, already straining free of my boxers, and I pressed it between her spread legs. Her tights prevented me from thrusting straight inside her, teasing us both. But, the teasing was half the fun. Suz closed her eyes and moaned, not even making a token attempt to free herself from my grasp.

I let her hands go and explored down along her body, kissing the fabric of her shirt over her chest. I wanted to tease her, to circle her nipples with my tongue and feel her writhe beneath me. But, still fully clothed with shirt and bra, I forwent the pleasures of her chest and kept kissing down her body, pushing her shirt up to trace my lips and tongue down her perfect stomach.

I lingered there briefly. My lust was taking over as I lowered myself further. I grasped her waist, pushing her body upwards as I kissed down further. I pressed my face between her legs, and groaned. She arched her body up to meet me and I swiftly slid my fingers under the waistband of her tights and pulled them down, underwear and all.

I had to have her.

Frantically, we kicked her free of her tights and without even pausing for breath I dove down, burying my tongue inside her. I was dimly aware of her moans of pleasure as she braced herself, palms-down on the camp mattress, head tilted back to accept the attention. A part of me would have wanted nothing more than to watch her writhe in pleasure. I loved the sounds she made, and the way the tensions in her body expressed every ebb and flow of pleasure. I loved watching her. Maybe some other time. Now, my mind was swept up in the taste and the feel of her. It's almost selfish how much I relish the experience when I get to taste her.

I slid my hands beneath her, firmly grasping her ass, guiding her upward thrusts as I lapped my tongue up and down her pussy like a man starved. Up and down I went, without pattern - sometimes pressing my tongue inside her, sometimes lightly teasing her clitoris, always grasping her ass tightly in my hands as if she might try to escape if I were to let her go. I could feel her body respond to each sensation, her pleasure ebbing and flowing as the changes in pattern gradually teased her to a heightened sense of lust.

Taking a deep breath, I loosened my grip and trailed my hands up her body, caressing her stomach and sides as I settled in, adjusting my body to get comfortable. She was now completely wet, partly from my exploring tongue, and partly from her own rising desire. She made no move to escape or change the proceedings. I started again, slowly this time, methodically running my tongue up and down her clit, my hands still moving, caressing her body, taking in as many sensations of her as I could. I loved exploring her all over, tasting all of her, but even more than that I loved hearing her cum, and right now I wanted that desperately. Sometimes I could only tease for so long.

Bit by bit I increased the tempo, my tongue still giving all of its attention to her clit, only occasionally sliding further down to taste her waiting pussy. My hands grew more insistent, grasping her sides and starting a rhythmic movement, pulling her body down against my starving mouth, mimicking her body's motion as if I were thrusting myself inside her.

Her moans turned to words as she started to grasp at me with her hands, trying to pull me back up on top of her. 'I want you. Fuck me now. I want you...' she repeated.

God it was tempting. My cock begged for it, warring with my mind, demanding me to fuck her. My own pre-cum wet the front of my boxers in anticipation.

But not yet.

I increased the speed and insistency of my tongue, pressing harder, causing Suz to let go of me and arch her back. 'Oh God,' she moaned. The realisation that I was determined to take her over the edge sunk in and she ceased her attempts to pull me on top of her.

One hand still caressing her body, I used the other to tease a finger around her pussy. She was so wet. I shifted my weight, never ceasing the rhythm of my tongue on her clit, and slowly pushed my finger inside her, just half way. I knew she was getting close; I could hear it in her breathing, and feel it in the tension of her body. Slowly, I teased her with my finger, never pushing more than halfway inside her. My tongue was relentless, continuing its enthusiastic attention on her clit, never once letting her building pleasure subside.

'I want you,' she said again, breathlessly, this time not reaching down to pull me up on top of her. I broke my rhythm, taking a breath while just lightly teasing her clit with the tip of my tongue, circling her pussy with my fingertips, listening to her fast breaths. I looked up over her body. Her eyes were closed, her muscles were tensed. She knew what was coming. The sight of her was intoxicating.

Diving back in, I sucked her clit between my lips, moving my tongue as fast I could, and plunged my fingers deep inside her in a single thrust. Grasping her still-clothed breast in my left hand I fucked her with right, my tongue moving furiously up and down, side to side over her clit. Keeping up the motion, I felt her tension building. I didn't let up. I could feel my tongue getting tired, but no force on earth could make me stop now. One last gasp of 'Oh God,' and she grasped my head in her hands. I felt her pussy tighten around my fingers as she bucked against my mouth and I probed her G spot with my fingertips.

Suz's orgasms are a sight to behold. Her back arches, her eyes close, and you can feel the pleasure thrumming like vibrations through every muscle in her body. I rode through it, enthralled, revelling in the sensations as her muscles clamped down on my fingers. Her legs closed against me, pinning me in place.

Soon it subsided, and she pushed my face back from her now-sensitive clit, still twitching with aftershocks. Fingers still inside her, I climbed up on top of her, kissing her mouth, loving the intimacy as her tongue met mine. I knew she could taste herself on my lips. It only seemed to increase her need as she kissed me vigorously, her tongue lapping at mine. I withdrew my fingers from her still quivering pussy and hastily kicked myself free of my boxers. Without breaking our kiss, I lined myself up between her legs and pushed my impatient cock inside her. There was no doubt she was desperately turned on. I thrust inside her fully, her wetness making it easy to slide the whole way in one motion. It was like coming home. 

Her eyes flew open. A shiver of pleasure, and the final release of pent-up lust flowed through me as I took her face in my hands and kissed her passionately, not moving, letting her body expand around my throbbing cock buried to the hilt inside her. I felt occasional twitches as her orgasm subsided.

Soon, she caught her breath and started thrusting up against me. I didn't need any convincing. Still holding her body pressed against mine I started thrusting, in and out, my pelvis pressed against her still-sensitive clit, my breath in her ear sending shivers down her body. I wanted her. There was no thought, and no measured build-up like there was earlier. Now there was just lust, and an aching need to fuck this perfect body - this sexual Goddess - that lay beneath me. I slid my arms beneath her, greedily holding her body against mine as I pushed myself deep inside her, over and over, grinding against her, feeling my pleasure building. It barely seemed like moments before she started convulsing again, this time constricting around my cock as she bucked beneath me. Wow. Just... wow. I leaned in to kiss her, but she barely noticed, her mouth remaining in an 'O' as the force of her orgasm managed to push my cock back out with a 'pop'.

I propped myself up again, hands once more planted either side of her, and watched her writhe as I guided myself back inside her quivering body. She reached a hand down, massaging her own clit while I slowly thrust back and forth, riding the waves of her orgasm, watching her in worshipful fascination. With her eyes closed, rocking in the throes of her orgasm, she seemed barely aware of me beyond a tool of pleasure for her to use.

She opened her eyes, gasping for breath, and smiled. Her body's reactions mostly subsided, but still twitched periodically. She grinned, pushing me slightly with her legs, and I withdrew, my cock bouncing as it slid out of her. At last, she pulled her top off over her head, and unfastened her bra. Her body glistened with the sweat of our lust as I finally saw her in her naked glory. The tent was like a sauna by now, the heat of our sex causing our bodies to practically steam in comparison to the frigid air outside.

Before I had a chance to lean in and taste the sweat on her breasts, she twisted herself beneath me until she lay on her stomach. Reaching a hand beneath herself, she began teasing herself between her legs, arching slightly to give herself room - and giving me a phenomenal view as she pointed her perfect ass skywards. She was such a Goddess. I could never grow tired of that view, her body offered to me to use as I wished.

'I want you to fuck me,' she said quietly, her voice partially muffled as her face buried in the blanket beneath. I paused for just a moment, admiring the view of her ass. 'Fuck me,' she said again, softly, her eyes closed, her fingers tentatively exploring herself.

I'd already been fucking her, but this really wasn't the time for semantics. I took my cock in my hand and guided its tip to the opening of her pussy. I could see her fingers teasing herself, and her ass slick and wet with her own cum and sweat. It really was a perfect view. Did I mention this girl was a complete Goddess? I was tempted to use that wetness to fuck her perfect ass here and now. I knew how amazing that felt. But no. Maybe later. Now I just wanted to finish what I had already started.

Still admiring the view, I pushed forward, watching the tip of my cock disappear inside her pussy. I saw her fingers increase their pace on her clit, teasing herself in ways that only a girl knew how. But I could tease too.

I withdrew, then pushed myself in again, just the tip, feeling how tight she was as her body had to repeatedly readjust to the width of my cock. Over and over I withdrew myself, letting her pussy close before pushing the head of my cock back inside, teasing her until her breathing once again turned to soft words.

'I want you. Fuck me.' I loved those words. I could never resist them. Put in my position, with the tip of my cock resting against the outside of her pussy, gazing down at her perfect ass and smooth skin, I knew that nobody in the world could ever possibly resist her.

Finally I thrust inside all the way, her ass making a slapping sound against my stomach. 'Mmmm.' I couldn't tell if it was her or I her that moaned any more than I could tell which of us twitched involuntarily in pleasure as my body slapped against hers.

I started slowly again, fucking her deeply. Barely seconds of this passed before lust overcame my meagre willpower. Rather than the slow build-up to orgasm, I grabbed her arms, pinning them beside her body and fucked her with abandon. It wouldn't be until later on that I would remember that we weren't the only ones at this campsite, but right now that wasn't on my mind. Her ass made those amazing slapping sounds against my stomach as she arched herself up to me, and I fucked her hard, driving her body back down into the mattress.

Her voice gained pitch as I fucked her relentlessly. 'Oh my God. Oh my God. Fuck me. Fuck me!' Beads of sweat dripped from my forehead onto her skin.

I could feel my own orgasm beginning to build, approaching the point of no return. I don't know if it was just good timing, or if her body could feel my cock expanding as I approached orgasm. Just as I reached the point of no return, she stopped thrusting against me, losing control of her body as she convulsed. Her pussy constricted around me again as her orgasm swelled, and it was all I could handle. 'Oh my God, yes!' I exclaimed, and exploded inside her. Generally I was supposed to pull out, but not this weekend. We had waited a long time for this weekend. I thrust inside her as far as I could, filling her with my cum.

'Oh wow,' she panted. She felt it. 'Oh, wow!'

I rocked back and forth on top of her as my muscles constricted of their own volition. Suz back pushed against me, thrusting slightly to try and prolong the orgasm, but my body was beyond responding. My stomach and arms tensed, my cock twitching. Tremors passed back and forth from my body to hers as the aftershocks of our combined orgasm sent shivers through each other.

I slowly came back to my senses, panting for breath. I straightened back up and my cock slid from her, my own cum coating it in lubrication. Collapsing beside her, I kissed her passionately. With our eyes closed, our lips pressed together, and the tension of our orgasms finally beginning to release. 

Right at that moment, the rain started. Not as drops, but a sudden torrent, belting against the roof of the tent. Despite the love and intimacy of the moment, we couldn't help it. We both burst out laughing at the same time. 'Well, if any rain dance is going to work, then that would be it,' I laughed.

Naked bodies draped across each other, we lay there smiling, my hands stroking her hair as we listened to the rain outside. We didn't say a word for some time, but simply enjoyed the feel of our bodies together and the lulling sound of the rain.