 Friday had finally made its way, after such a long week. Tonya was beginning to feel more and more sexy as the days passed. Not only was she fucking the principal, but she had felt the passion of a woman. As she struggled to concentrate on the teacher's instructions, Tonya's mind began to wander. She began replaying the week's events, and felt her red lace panties becoming increasingly wet. She crossed her legs tightly, hoping to stop the flow of juices before they became unmanageable. 

Her heart was racing as the lunch bell rang, signaling her hasty retreat to the principal's office. 

By now, Connie no longer even spoke to Tonya when she entered the main office, she would just look up to see who had come in, then go back to typing on her computer. 

Come to think of it, none of the secretaries were greeting Tonya anymore. Did they know what was going on behind David's closed, locked door? Tonya didn't even care anymore. This was her last year in high school anyway, she didn't care what anyone thought of her anymore.

She made her way down the long, narrow hallway to David's office and knocked lightly, waiting for him to answer, like always. And, today was no different, except for one thing. David didn't answer the door wearing his usual clean cut business suit, today he was dressed in jeans and a t-shirt.

"Come in, baby," he whispered, closing and locking the door behind them. 

"What's going on, David?" she asked.

"Listen, I want you to walk back out in a few minutes, go down past the girl's locker room and go out that exit door, meet me in the faculty parking lot in 20 minutes," he said, giving her a hot, hard kiss and opening the door.

Tonya wasn't given any time to ask questions, so she followed David's instructions to the letter.

Twenty minutes later, David emerged carrying his briefcase and putting on his dark sunglasses, "Get in the car, baby," he said, slipping into the driver's seat and releasing the lock on the car door.

Once inside, David closed the driver's side door and pushed the lock button again and wasted no time turning to his eighteen-year-old whore and giving her a kiss that would peel the paint right off of any wall. He slid his hand up her thigh, pushing her wet, red lace panties aside and quickly jammed 3 dry fingers into her cunt, causing her to squeal into his mouth as they kissed. 

He finger fucked her roughly as she spread her long, tan legs wide and unbuttoned her tight blouse. Today, she wasn't wearing a bra though and her heavy tits instantly bounced free, hanging like ripe oranges from a tree. Once David realized she was not wearing a bra, he became angry with her, breaking their kiss suddenly.

"How dare you not wear a bra to school," he hissed, yanking his fingers from her sloppy cunt and placing his hand around her throat, "I suppose you got some limp dick boyfriend you're trying to impress and you wanted to show your nipples off thru this flimsy uniform shirt."

"No, God no, David," she said hoarsely, looking into his eyes.

"Let's get one thing straight, Tonya, you belong to me now, bitch, you got that?" he said, releasing her throat.

Tonya began coughing hysterically, feeling the blood finally rushing out of her head, "Yes, David, yes, I know that, I only did that for you, I thought it would excite you, I'm sorry."

David said nothing as he slammed the car into reverse and left the school parking lot, squealing his tires. He reached over and turned his radio up, almost full blast as Tonya watched the speedometer inching towards 80 mph.

"David, please slow down, I said I was sorry, I honestly didn't mean to upset you," she said, trying to maintain a calm tone in her voice, even though he was beginning to frighten her.

Her pleas fell on deaf ears as David punched the gas, forcing the car to finally hit 100 mph. Tonya watched the trees and power lines pass in a dizzying blur, trying to remain calm.

He never spoke to her during the entire drive, eventually she fell asleep. 

She was awakened when David turned the radio off, "Wake up, we're here," he said, releasing the door lock and opening the door. He got out and slammed the door shut, almost busting the hinges.

Tonya looked around for a second, completely unaware of her surroundings. She took a deep breath and climbed out of the car. Ahead was a small log cabin, very old undoubtedly.

David jumped up on the wooden porch and took a set of keys out of his briefcase, and unlocked the door. 

Once inside, Tonya's nostrils quickly filled up with the disgusting odor of old dust and cigarette smoke that always seems to linger, no matter how long ago the cigarette was put out. 

"Where are we?" she asked, turning to find David setting up a camcorder.

"This is my log cabin, I bought it the year Rebecca and I were married, she has no clue it even exists," he said, looking thru the camcorder lens, trying to focus.

"Well, if you don't bring her here, then what's it for?" asked Tonya.

"I bring women up here, baby, it's my secret hiding place from Rebecca, my job, my family, you know, life's everyday stress.

Tonya smiled and suddenly that slutty feeling she had earlier in class was returning. She liked being the other woman, she liked being brought to secret hide-a-ways and being fucked like the young whore she was.

"Perfect," said David, "Focus is just right, baby, now strip for me," he said, quickly peeling off his t-shirt and unbuttoning his jeans.

Well, Tonya was no longer shy and she wasted no time removing her school uniform and tossing each piece across the room.

David stood behind the camcorder, completely naked, focusing the lens on his sexy, hot, teen slut, "Mmmmm, fuuuuuck, you look hot right now, baby," he whispered, squinting into the small eyepiece, "Fondle your tits for me, rub those hot jugs rough, pinch those nipples."

Tonya turned to face the camcorder, she licked her pouty red lips in true slut style as she fondled her tits, rolling and pinching her puffy pink nipples between her fingers. 

"Mmmm, that's it, baby, now look directly into the lens and tell me you love me," he said, reaching down and stroking his already rock hard cock.

"I love you, David," she said, rubbing her heavy tits harder, exciting herself even more.

"Tell me you love being my slut, you wanna be my whore forever," he said.

"Mmmm, yesssssss David, yes, I love being your slut, I wanna be your whore forever," she said.

"God, you're fucking gorgeous, baby," he whispered, walking towards her and taking her in his arms, planting a hot kiss on her pouty lips.

"I wanna videotape us fucking, baby," he whispered, running his fingers thru her long, blonde hair, "Tell me you want that too."

Tonya thought for a moment, hmmm, she had never been filmed naked, much less filmed while having sex of any kind, "Ok, David, I want you to videotape us fucking," she said, sliding her hand down and grasping his enormous cock, slowly stroking it with her small hand.

They kissed again and David began backing his teen whore up as their tongues danced with each other. Finally, he had Tonya backed into the wall, exactly where he wanted her. She quivered when her warm back touched the cool wall, but still continued kissing David.

He slid his hands down and quickly cupped her ass, giving it a couple squeezes before picking her up. Tonya wrapped her legs around David's waist, letting her feet dangle just above his ass crack. 

David loved how Tonya always knew what to do, and just when to do it. He dug his fingertips into her ass as his mouth slid from her lips, to her creamy tan neck. She groaned loudly as David's teeth pierced her flesh and she placed her hands on his bare shoulders, letting her long, sharp, red nails dig into his skin. He bit down hard right at the moment he rammed his cock into her sloppy, waiting pussy. 

He began to thrust, sending her body into the wall. 

"OOOhhhhh, God, Daaaaaavid," she purred as his cock pistoned in and out, sending her small body up and down the wall.

She looked over his shoulder and saw the little red light blinking, confirming that they were, indeed, being videotaped. This seemed to turn her on even more and she raked her long claws across David's bare, sweaty back, causing him to throw his head back and yell out like a wild animal. 

He took Tonya off the wall and carried her to a nearby couch. He carefully set her down on her feet, but instructed her to lean over the arm of the couch, "Grab that fucking arm, baby, I'm gonna drive this cock home," he groaned, placing his large hands on her hips.

Tonya closed her eyes and bit her bottom lip, awaiting David's enormous cock up her cunt, but it never made it to her cunt, instead, he rammed his throbbing rod of steel straight up her tight, dry asshole, sending the young girl face first into the couch cushions.

"Oooohh, God, David, OH MY GOD, STOP, please, please, that hurts," she whimpered, trying desperately to use the arm of the couch to push back against David, hopefully pushing him away from her.

He reached forward, grabbing a huge handful of her thick, long, blonde hair, "Shut up, bitch," he hissed, "Don't you ever fucking tell me no again, you understand?"

Tonya began crying as David's cock ripped its way thru her asshole. Her long claws dug into the soft fabric of the couch, ripping it open in several places, "Oooohhh, Oooohhhhhhh, Oohhhhhh Myyy Goddd, Daaaaaavid, Oooohhh, Godddd," she moaned.

"Mmmm, yeah, that's right, bitch, moan my fucking name, moan it nice and loud for the camera, you little slut," he groaned, fucking deeper into her now, causing the couch to slide a couple of inches forward.

David smiled wickedly as he looked into the camera. With his hand still in Tonya's hair, he forced her to look, also, "Look at it, bitch, I wanna see your fucking tears when I watch this at home."

Tonya couldn't believe this was the same man she had been fucking all week, where did this temper come from? Was it really because she didn't wear a bra to school today? And if so, that would mean he was jealous, and for him to be jealous, he had to have feelings for her. Oh, how that turned Tonya on. She wanted him to have feelings for her, she wanted him to want her every second of every day. She began to become very aroused, and started fucking back.

She raised up on her hands, arms fully extended and looked over her shoulder at David. There was that dark, intense look she had come to know over the past few days.

"Mmmm, David, you hot son of a bitch, fuck my asshole like you own it," she moaned, using the couch as leverage to fuck back against his cock.

"Oh, God, baaaaaaby," he moaned, pumping his large, thick cock in and out of the young girl's asshole faster, "Oooohhhhhh, fuuuuuck, I can't hold back much longer, bitch, I'm gonna fucking cum straight up your asshole."

"Oooohhhhh, God, David, do it, mmmmmmm please do it, ohhh fuck yessssssss," she purred, "Cum inside my hot little asshole, baby."

And again, Tonya's dirty words of lust sent David over the edge. He threw his head back and rammed his cock into her asshole one last time, screaming out, "OOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHH FUUUUUUUUUUCK, TONNNNNNNYAAAAAAAA, MMMM, MMMMMM, FUUUUUUCK, TAKE IT YOU LITTLE WHORE, FUCKING TAKE IT!!!!!!!!"

Tonya bucked her hips and clamped her asshole around David's cock like a vice, milking every creamy, warm drop of his cum into her. She was sure to look directly in the camera as David's cum shot thru her asshole, claiming it as his own. 

**************

A few minutes later, Tonya and David recovered enough to stand up, both trying to get their bearings. 

David walked over to the camera and pointed it at Tonya, zooming in on her red, pouty lips, "Tonya, baby, tell me one more time you love me," he said.

Tonya turned around and gave her best seductive look, "I love you, David," she purred.

He smiled and told her to get dressed while he put the video equipment away. 

Afterwards, as David was getting dressed, Tonya made her way out to his car. As she sat in the passenger seat, she closed her eyes and smiled to herself, knowing she was no longer just a slutty student, she had gotten under David's skin. She was more then pleased with this. 

"Well, baby, that was Deed #5," he said, as he climbed into the driver's seat, again pressing the door lock button. He leaned in and kissed the sexy teen, rubbing her cheek with his large hand, "You get some rest this weekend, baby, be fresh and ready for me on Monday morning."

She smiled and agreed as they made their way back towards town. David leaned forward and turned the radio back on, occasionally looking to his right, giving his little teen whore a wink or a smile.

Tonya felt good, she never wanted these days or deeds to ever stop. But nothing lasts forever and she knew, eventually, she would have to say goodbye to Mr. Sharp.

As they pulled into the school's parking lot, David's eyes widened when he saw the Superintendent of Schools standing beside his cadillac, obviously waiting for David's return.

"Fuck," he said, banging his fist on the steering wheel, "I had a fucking meeting with him today, shit, baby get down in the floorboard so he doesn't see you. When we park, I'll get out first and he and I will go into the school. Wait about 3 or 4 minutes, then get out, ok?"

Tonya nodded her head and quickly slithered down to the floorboard.

David was careful to park a few spots away from him, so he wouldn't walk over and see the young girl on the floor.

"I'll see you Monday, baby," he whispered, kissing his finger and placing it on her lips.