 It's early morning at Bourbon Street around 3:45 and I'm shooting pool with a buddy who happens to work here. In fact, he's working right now but it's slow enough for him to shoot a set with me. Severine gets off in fifteen minutes and I look forward to walking her home. 

We've struck up an interesting relationship in the last few days. She's worked here for several months but I never really talked to her much until my girlfriend and I started having problems. I've been working the evening shift at the warehouse and after work I'd come down here. She's usually off at four and leaves here anywhere from then to 5 or so but lately we'd leave at the same time. We live on the same street so I'd walk her home but after a few nights we decided to take a walk around the neighbourhood and get to know each other better. That night or early morning shall I say, we ended up having a coffee at my apartment. Looking back on it I feel like an idiot. I mean, here's this gorgeous intelligent woman in my apartment who was obviously into me and I serve coffee and sit in a separate chair intent on having a conversation. Silly Clay. Well the next day we went for breakfast together at Sals and then we went for a walk. We found a secluded park area behind the downtown library and sat chatting physically close to one another. The thought finally crossed my mind to kiss her but I needed to build up the courage first. I still couldn't figure out that she was into me. After a few minutes it was time to head back to Bourbon Street so she could get to work. On the way there I stopped her and asked if I could do something. Without further vocals we pressed our lips together and I learned how the French french kiss. Yummy, she said and asked if we could keep this discreet. She didn't want the extra attention from the Bourbon Street patrons looking for a date. She never gave them the time of day, which was probably why I didn't think she liked me.

Now this night, two nights later I prepare to play James while I wait for Severine's dismissal. James is not the best nine-ball player but he's lucky enough to keep me on my toes. Before I know it the time is four am and Severine is off, not just work either. She's heading out the door not looking happy. Following a few paces behind her is a creepy looking guy who's been hitting on her all night and I start to feel antsy. The score in my match is 3-3 and I'm running the table for victory four in a race to five. In the next game James ties it up again and I think I'll just have to pass up Severine tonight, but I hope she's all right. I didn't like the look of that guy. James breaks on the rubber match and scratches in the corner pocket, leaving a nice one-nine combination shot for me. I line up and drill it in. I thank James for the match and put away my cue and head for the door up the stairs.

Outside I see the creep talking on his cell but I don't see Severine anywhere. My mind starts to wander and I frown. I hope this creep didn't do anything to her...She must already be home...Shit. I could have walked with her and kept this piece of shit off of her...The things waitresses must endure...

I walk under the Bay parkade to Osborne on the other side. It's basically a short trip from Bourbon to my street. I cross Osborne and start to cut through another parking lot only to see Severine, with her headphones on dancing in the shadow of a building. She looks mad, like crazy mad and I call for her cautiously.

"Severine?" I can hear her music as she dances mindless to the world. "Severine?! Are you ok?" She spots me with her tearing eyes. Her arms reach out for me. "What's wrong?"

"Sniff...Why are they like that?"

"Wha...Who? Oh." I hold her tiny frame close as she cries into my chest. She may only be five foot three at the most and maybe a hundred pounds but her muscles are solid. I can't help my penis' reaction to her hard-body frame next to mine. My cock starts to stiffen down my leg, pressed up against her lower tummy. What an awful time to get hard, I think to myself, my friend's in tears and you're getting hard. "I can't believe what you girls have to go through. I have a tremendous amount of respect for waitresses and I'm so appalled by what they must go through. Those guys think they have the right and duty to hit on waitresses non-stop. It's disgusting." And here I stand, body next to hers, cock stiffening. I feel hypocritical.

"Can we go to sleep?"

"Sure. Where do you want to go, my place or yours?" What a line.

"Yours." I reach down and give her a peck on the lips.

"Ok. Lets get your things together." Her backpack, her purse and her disc man case were scattered around her on the parking lot floor. I take her backpack and she grabs the other things and quietly we start walking to my place, arm around waist, arm around shoulders. 

It doesn't take long to walk the last block to my apartment building and it's a simple matter to reach my second floor apartment. I have a bedroom with a double bed but she prefers the futon in my living room. So we recline it into a bed and she puts one of her CD's into my stereo. Some nice R&B style deep house for bedtime. I don't know where she finds great music like this but being a former radio DJ I guess it goes with the territory. I tell her a story about all the spirits living in my apartment, most notably the little people. They are band of little spirits that like to play games and pranks but are also protectors for me. They've followed me everywhere since early childhood.

Before you know it we've fallen asleep with her little head on my chest. It may have been nearly five. Normally I'm a deep sleeper but when sleeping with someone knew I sleep much lighter, if at all. I don't know if it's my protective nature taking over, maybe my protective nature is keeping an eye on the stranger in my bed or maybe I'm just randy!

I hear something fall behind me...My sunglasses I left on the futon's arm fell off. The noise causes us both to jump.

"Huh? Little people?" She whispers with a hint of her French accent. Normally I don't find French accents at all appealing but hers was something else. So very seductive, even in the most mundane conversation.

"Oh...No. Just my sunglasses. They fell." My eyes open slightly, fighting the morning sun peering through my green blinds. I lay on my side and look down at her tasty frame. She's lying on her back. Her face looking so serene. Her messy reddish-brown hair falling around her pillow. She's nearly flat chested but her nipples show their place through her tight shirt. Her shirt, black, short sleeved, resting just below her ribs reveals her forming abs. Further down her black jeans hug every firm curve of her strong legs and her little bare feet poke out the bottom. My eyes and hand look and feel their way back up, my hand stopping at her tummy so they can feel the little hills and valleys created by her abs. My eyes continue looking up until they reach her cute little ears. I must kiss those ears. My hand stretches out, almost right across her entire tummy and I lean in to kiss her earlobe. My mouth opens slightly and my tongue and lips meet her lobe.

"mmm" Even her moans have a slight accent! How can that be? My kisses are gentle from the top of her ear down to her shoulder and around to the front of her neck, in that little space where the collar bones meet. Her head tilts back offering me more of her neck and I graciously accept, kissing and licking every inch of it. Finally I reach her poutty lips, my hand reaches for the top of her hips for a secure grip and we kiss. The kiss is not so gentle. I worked her up to the point where she wanted me bad. Her hand reaches to my gripping arm, pulling at my t-shirt. Our kiss is strong and deep. My lips feel pressured, like they are going to burst. Her soft tongue enters my mouth and I wrap mine around it.

She flips me onto my back and straddles me. She feels like a feather but her strength is undeniable. With both hands she pushes my head back so she can taste my neck. All I can do is caress her impeccably shaped ass. My cock stiffens like a steel pipe and she rubs crotch against it rhythmically through our clothes. She kisses me again and her hips press down on me. Her head tilts back and I attack her neck with tender kisses.

"Do you have condom?" She looks into my eyes with want.

"Yes. Room. I'll go get it." At least I managed one complete sentence but that's all I can do when the blood has left the brain. She hops off me and practically pushes me off the futon. I know my duty and race to my bedroom. When I return, not even 15 seconds later her clothes are already all over my living room floor and she's lying naked on me futon. Damn! Her muscle definition is amazing. Like looking at a biology text or a muscle chart. And she has a nipple ring too. Funny I didn't notice that earlier. I drop the condom next to her on the futon and I start to remove my clothing for her. With my job at the warehouse my body has developed nicely as well as she was beginning to see, first as my shirt hit the floor and then the pants. Now completely nude myself I ease myself on top of her. I rub my naked chest across hers and kiss her tenderly. I want to slow things down a little for the next few minutes. I kiss down her neck and massage the back of her head. I give her a little hair pull and she moans in response. I kiss each rib down to her nipple ring. Such a pleasant surprise, I give her a pleasant nibble and tug on the ring. My fingers tweak her other nipple. We hadn't really talked about sexual preferences so it made it that much more fun to explore, however I didn't want to scare her off (somehow I don't think I could have). I keep the nipple play to a minimum even though I sensed she loved it. My lips explore further down her flawless body down the abdominal line. My hands grip either side of her rib cage, her hands on my head, running her fingers through my long hair.

"Can I taste you?"

"Ah he..." Her response barely audible through her heavy breathing and soft moans. I shift my head so that my cheek grazes her lower tummy, peach fuzz on peach fuzz until I reach her not so freshly shaven mound. She refused to spread her legs wide for me as she was about to explode at any moment. But still my tongue explores what it can while I reach for the condom sitting on the futon. While licking the hood covering her clit I open the wrapper and pull out the condom and start rolling it down my cock. I really can't believe this is happening! What lottery did I win? Then her finger nails dig into my triceps and pull me up to her. Now she raises her knees and parts her legs. I line of sweat collects in her abs and down her sternum. I press my cock between her pussy lips and try to penetrate but it's hard. She can't be this tight! She grabs my cock in her hands and attempts to guide my in but even with her guidance I have a hard time squeezing in. Finally the head pops itself into her tiny opening and soon the entire shaft follows. This is when I learn how good sex can be...

Severine's Story, Part two

With the ex-girlfriend, even though we did everything two people could do, she just wasn't as intense or athletically up to the challenge of satisfying me. I don't want to say she was a dead lay, she just couldn't handle my appetite. But from the first stoke I knew Severine would give a good run. She's tight, almost uncomfortably so and she fucked hard.

On her back and me between her legs she drove her body into mine, greeting my thrusts. Pubic bone to pubic bone, we thrashed away. I am amazed at how hard she can fuck on her back where a woman's mobility is usually limited. Her heels press against my ass, her hands gripping the mattress, she pulls herself into me harder than I drove into her. A sweat film covers our bodies. My hair starts dripping on Severine and the mattress. I feel her pussy muscles contract. Her legs locked behind my back call for longer, deeper thrusts. I test her flexibility and push her legs closer to the mattress so that I can achieve greater penetration. I gently hit the end of her pussy at the end of long slow strokes and her breathing nearly ceases each time I hit that wall. Her eyes are closed, enjoying her moment of ecstasy but they open and look me in eyes. A smile creeps across her face and I'm in for another pleasant surprise. In an instant, the little woman flips me onto my back without losing our connection and starts to ride. Again I was thrilled by this ever more talented woman. She rode hard and fast. I want to help by lifting my knees and offering the jackhammer but she stays me. She wants to show me her ability.

"I told you I could ride." She winks and throws her head back. I thought she was talking about horses but the picture is clear now. I let myself get closer to the feeling of ejaculation to see if she could make me come while riding me. I don't want to come so soon but that's my talent. I may orgasm without the damning effects of ejaculation. Soon I feel the familiar dry come and I twitch and moan. Recognition in her eyes tells me she's seen this before so she kisses me in approval. As she leans down to kiss me I pick up my knees and begin hammering her as hard as she was fucking me and she continued to push back on me. The kiss is hard enough to break my lips and I taste blood. She wants to sit up again but I lock my hands around the small of her back and she can only lean back so much. With the arm lock I can use my upper body strength to hammer harder, a trick I learned while trying to make something out of the ex. But with her fuck power and mine combined my pubic bone, the part of the pelvis going around the base of my cock, starts feeling sensitive and I can only keep up the pace for so long. Her pussy muscles go crazy again and I smash into her half time, nailing the back of her pussy. After a few seconds we slow to a snails pace. She's feeling my cock around every point in her tiny pussy and I feel every inch of my cock being squeezed and released. She looks me in the eyes...

"Fuck me from behind."

"Yes ma'am." We swing into doggie style again without losing our bond. I didn't want to leave that space anyway. Fit me like a glove...or a glove two sizes too small.

Just as I was beginning to thrust she started to fuck like a banshee again and I decide to just enjoy the view of her immensely perfect ass. From this position my pubic bone receives a bit of a break but my balls slap hard against her clit. Her moans too have a French seduction to them that send shivers down my spine and twitching in my abs. Even my hands rest at my sides as I watch her fuck my pole with abandon. I feel one solid grasp around my cock and she slows immediately so I decide to help her, grabbing each hip with my hands I pound into her.

"hmmf...Clay...you...you don't have to fuck hard the whole time...oooh." Look who's talking, I think. Very well, the tight pussy and the hard fucking is causing a dick pump like effect and my pecker has swelled up to enormous size already. It could use a little outgoing blood flow. I take this time to caress her soft skin and I'm amazed at how solid her muscles are beneath that epidermal layer. My strokes are long and slow as my hands run along her ass, her back, her shoulders, her hair. 

After a few minutes of this she flops over onto her side and I follow, our bond still intact. We continue fucking slowly in this spooning position. She looks back at me and we share a sensual kiss. As the kiss intensifies so does our rhythmic thrusting. To get into a better kissing position she rolls onto her back, the leg closest to me is tucked up to her chest and I have it wrapped up in my arm and her other leg remains straightened. From this position we can continue kissing and fucking. Our kiss breaks, her heel on her free leg digs into the futon for a grip and we begin to pound again. But one side of my body is getting sore from this unbalanced position so I roll on top of her into the missionary. 

I see the look in her eyes wants rawness. She wants to fucked. To be used. She wants me to be used. This calls for bodily separation. To have only our parts in contact. So I hike her legs up and wide so they don't touch me and I set myself in more of a push up position with my knees anchored on the bed just below her raised ass. Her hands grip the bed and she pulls into me with each of my pounding thrusts. Her tiny breasts bounce in time on her chest. We are drenched in sweat, my hair flows moisture onto her already wet body. My apartment is sweltering but we press on as if it didn't matter. After a few minutes of raw fucking her pussy muscles spasm and the blood vessels in my cock feel like they will burst. My pubic bone feels very tender but she fucks me harder with each spasm. The sensory overload in my penis will not allow me come even if I wanted to but I didn't. I want more.

Her grip on the bed loosens and her legs wrap themselves behind me. Her pussy is so slick but its tightness is still unwilling to let me go. Her body is also slick with our sweat. I try to kiss her again but it's a dry one. Our lips are parched. Fortunately for me I can always garner more saliva but she needed assistance.

"We need water Clay"

"Uh huh." My intelligence seems to fly out the window during sex. I just turn into an animal with instinctive purpose. I'm glad sex usually involves two people so that we can at least share a brain. Trying to come up with a witty response I end up saying 'uh huh'. I look into her eyes. They look glazy. I love that! So I smile and give her a kiss and that seemed to take away her focus on water too as she soon forgot about it. We fuck slowly again for a minute or two before a question crosses my mind.

"So how long have you been hunting me?" I used 'hunting' because she is two years older than me and it now occurred to me that she'd wanted me for a long time now. I often refer to older women as 'cougars' because they stalk their prey with experienced skill.

"I'm not that predacious." She said smiling coyly. All I could do was smile and kiss her again while I tried to figure out what 'predacious' meant. I was after all, fucking, so my brain was out to lunch. Then it hit me. Predacious comes from the word predator. Duh!

"Yeah right. Sure. I believe you."

"Oh Clay, I need water."

"But I don't want to pull out just yet."

"I don't want you to. But we need to drink or we'll become dehydrated." Like I said, someone has to think during sex.

"I know!" Idea! With us already locked in missionary is was a simple matter to just pick her up and walk to the kitchen. I sit her on the counter next to the sink, which is the perfect height to resume stroking while she turned on the tap. With her hand cupped she slurps water out of it. She offers me some water out of her hand and I accept, not skipping a beat. We each take our turn for a few slurps and I remember the jug of water in my fridge. From where I stand I can reach back into the fridge and pull out the water jug. I open up the jug and take a shot then I offer to feed Severine some. I hold the jug up to her mouth and she chugs away, spilling some onto her naked body and my floor. My jaw drops and again I can't believe my luck with such an experience. I mean there I was fucking this beautiful brainiac in my kitchen, feeding her water. It is a sight I will cherish until my grave.

After we've had our fill she asks where I'd like to go and I walk back to the futon, while she bounces on my cock. I lay her on her back but she quickly flip my over so she can ride me again. Oh joy! I get to watch her ride again! Her riding skills are superb. We fuck, rejuvenated once again from the water break but my tummy doesn't feel to great. Like when you run a long distance and you feel nauseous. So I am grateful that she rides me with diligence for a few minutes. How long have we been fucking? I have no idea but I know that I won't come now. Too much sensory overload. That's ok. I like this state because I can just keep fucking all day if she can handle it but it's becoming apparent that she can't.
