 I was standing at the window watching the storm as it beat onto the beach below. The rain and thunder thumping the house and the sand like a drum. The storm had caught us by surprise, we had seen the clouds, but time had slipped away from us again. Only three weeks on this island and already I had made a new friend, I had hoped to meet a new girl friend to run around with while I was spending my summer here, but Mack was nice and he lived just a few miles down the beach from my cabana. We had decided to go for a walk on the beach today, but the storm had us running for shelter. 

By the time we had reached my little cabana, we were soaked to the skin and the power had gone out, I had had to light candles when we ran into the house. Mack was in the bathroom drying off as I stood looking out the sliding glass doors at the lightening flashes, my hair was dripping onto my silk robe, leaving watermarks as it stuck to me around my neck, back and shoulders. I was shivering, yet I was not cold; restless and hot could better describe it.

I had come down to this island to get away from all the drama back home for the summer, hoping to get some peace and quiet to write my first book. Mack lived here, one of those people who just lives life when and how he wants. He does odd jobs for the landowner who rented me the cabana, says he does it just to stay busy now and then. It did not hurt that he was easy on the eyes. At least six foot one and broad-shouldered, he had that nicely tanned chest with just a little bit of hair at the center of his chest and around his nipples. His black hair was slightly wavy and hung to his shoulders, with just a peppering of grey at the temples. However, you would not notice the grey when you look into his smiling blue eyes as his whole face lights into a bright full-lipped grin, and a scruffy goatee to take some of the boyishness still peeking around the corners of his face. Not that I had noticed any of this, of course.

He had been the one to pick me up at the small airport the island ran three weeks ago, he had been very personable and his jokes and sense of humor had me laughing right from the start. Moreover, as the last few weeks had rolled by I was able to tell him easily of the problems I had had at home and he was a very good listener. Yet I could feel the tension starting to grow between us. I had a nice, firm, curvy little body that was starting to turn a coppery bronze after just the first week, when I noticed that he was appearing more often, especially on afternoons I would be out enjoying the beach and sun. On one occasion, our bodies were close enough to touch, and I came home feeling all hot inside with my pussy dripping wet that evening. He had reached for a glass at the same time I had, our faces just close enough to feel the breath of the other, the scent of him was almost over-whelming, but not wanting to make the first move I had pulled away. Nevertheless, I saw the hunger in his eyes and I knew that I would not be able to hold back much longer. 

Now as I stand here before the darkened windows in just a robe and soaked to the skin, the heat and apprehension in the air is stifling. The storm continues to rage across the sky, but not as bad as the butterflies in my stomach when I hear the door open from the back room. I turn around to greet him hoping the candles hide enough of my face so he will not see how nervous I am. He walks into the room with just a towel around his waist, my heart almost stops, and my breathing does. Dripping down from his shoulders to his chest, his hair is soaked like mine; it makes his upper body shimmer damply in the flickering candlelight. Something pulls tightly in the lower parts of my body at the sight of him. I turn back to the window to hide my emotions, I shivered again as I noticed my small nipples had perked up and were sticking out through the silk. I put my arms across my small breasts but only accomplish drawing the robe up a little farther to show my upper thigh. The robe stuck there from the water still clinging to my own skin as I heard him come up behind me and put his hand on my waist. No words were needed as he moved in closer to me and I felt his warm breath on my neck, his other hand coming around to the front of my stomach, gripping me tightly from behind. I stopped breathing as he ran his tongue down the back of my neck to my shoulder and pulled my ass into him, the towel was gone and I could feel his hardness through the silk robe that somehow seemed to have ridden up further on my thigh, showing the bottom side of my ass cheeks.

I let out a small gasp as his hand moves from my hip, up my side, across my breast and to my neck. All the while, his other hand keeps a firm hold on my abdomen, with my back against his chest and my ass still tight against his cock. He pulls the fabric away from my shoulder, starts to nibble, bite and lick my neck, and behind my ear, I moan and completely give in to him. My body tingles as I feel him untie the front of the robe, his left hand stroking my stomach and moving up to cup my breasts, once, twice then he lightly touches my nipples with the tips of his fingers. A small sound escapes from my parted lips as he pinches one and then the other. My own hand reaches back behind me to feel his throbbing member, I feel him shudder as I grip him in my hand, then he lets his breath out slowly against my back as I softly start stroking his dick with my fingers.

He turns me around roughly with his right hand to face him and pulls my entire body close into him as he savagely pulls the back of my head up to his and plunges his tongue into my wet mouth. I respond, kissing headily back and then lick the outer edges of his lips with my own tongue, his chest feels warm and inviting under my hands. We then sink into another deep, gasping kiss trying to reach as far into one another as possible. We pull back to get our breaths, and gasping we look into each other's eyes to both see the glassy haze that glosses over faces when flushed and hot with sexual desire. He runs his finger around my hardened nipples, making my breath come hard and fast again, then down the center of my body and just stopping at the base of my belly button, his eyes trailing his finger all the way down. Then his eyes look back up into mine and I see that look of pure carnal desire. The look that says you are mine! And I know it! A little smile plays at the corners of his full lips as he reaches in to graze my lips with his, and then moves softly to kiss my chin. The look and the kisses make me tip my head back and offer my throat to him. He takes the offering and I moan loudly as he bites my neck hard and grips the small of my back. His kisses, our skin touching and the little bit of roughness he uses has made my slit so wet that it is now a succulence covering me and bursting from between my inner thighs.

As he locks his lips to mine again, he bends to pick me up, and then never taking his eyes from mine, he carries me into the bedroom. He lays me down on the bed with his left arm still under my neck; his other hand pulls away from under my knees and goes slowly up my thigh. I cannot help but to wiggle a little bit as his fingers lightly stroke the fine hairs of my tummy and he gently pulls the rest of the robe away from me, leaving my soft, hot flesh exposed and helpless before him. His eyes explore my entire body as he props himself up on his elbow, then his eyes finally come to rest on my lips, parted from my rapid breathing. He takes one quick look into my eyes at the same time as his mouth moves over mine to cover me in an intense passionate kiss and his right hand suddenly grips my hip. I let out a small moan within his mouth as his hand starts to move over my waist, across my belly and up to my breasts. He fondles and tweaks at my rigid nipples and lightly squeezes my tits. My ass begins to wiggle; and my toes and knees seem to want to start squirming too as my body moves closer into him. My nose and mouth come to rest at his throat and I breathe him into me, the scent is intense and musky. I run my tongue along the inside of his neck and get a salty taste of him and he reaches up to kiss me softly one more time. He bows his head down to meet his hands at my breasts, his hair brushes my face and sends chills down my back. The shiver continues all the way down to my toes as his mouth covers one of my nipples and he flicks his tongue over the tip of it.

With his mouth nipping and biting on one hard nipple his other hand pinches and pulls on the other nipple, making me moan out loud and arc my back, twisting and coming back down to the bed with my mound of hair between my legs laying against his thigh. His hand slides from my breast, down over my hip and grips the back of my ass and grinds my groin into his upper thigh. I throw my head back in ecstasy, as his mouth continues to go from one breast to another licking each with his flickering wet tongue, his hand moves to my knee and slowly makes its way up my inner thigh. My body responds before I can think and my knee parts just a little as his fingers move closer to my nether regions. I gasp and let out a fluttered breath as his fingers move over my mound of hair and he begins to trace lightly along the V- shape between my legs. His mouth leaves my breast to look up at me as his fingers slowly move down to caress my inner labia, I start to groan as he covers my mouth with his and takes his finger to move over my clit at the same time. My legs part further then as his finger moves onto my clit, he feels the wetness of me and he pulls back from the kiss to look into my eyes. Lustrous and shiny with excitement I look back at him with a pleading desire for him to move his fingers over my entire slit. I move my hips into his fingers, raise my head up a bit, and whisper, "Please..." into his hair.

His hands and fingers have no problems as they glide smoothly over my clitoris and down to my wet opening. I am soaking wet and the scent of me fills the humid air as, knees bent, my legs spread for him, I shudder as his finger begins to casually circle my opening; then as his finger moves back over my slit I moan aloud in pure pleasure. His eyes, which had been turned away to watch his fingers on my wet pussy, turns and looks back at my face as his finger suddenly slides down all the way into me. He watches me as I gasp and move my hips into his hand, then he roughly kisses my groaning mouth and his fingers began to move in and out of my wet cunt, slowly at first then as I start making little noises, faster and faster. He pulls away from my face and turns to watch his finger and hand moving in and out my throbbing wet cunt, reaching down to touch my stomach with his lips once or twice. He finger fucks me just long enough to make me sloppy wet and then he pulls his hand out and away. I fidget and whimper as he turns and looks at me as he puts his finger in his mouth to taste my juices that are covering his finger and knuckles now. He then licks a second finger and while he watches my face, he takes his hand and moves it between my legs once more. My legs part automatically and as his two fingers tap my clit two times, I jerk and squeal, he smiles slightly and then his fingers move inside of me all at once. I gasp and cry out as the two fingers move up into me and find that little mound that makes me weak. As his fingers slowly start to rub my g-spot, my ass rises up from the bed to meet his fingers and my hips begin to grind in rhythm with his hand. While his fingers continue to move me closer and closer to orgasm, he gracefully moves his body over top of me and starts to lower his face between my thighs. Just when I am getting ready to explode, his tongue flicks over my slit and his fingers move in time with his mouth. I scream, my whole body convulsing into spasms as the orgasm hits. My back and my ass come off the bed and I shove myself down hard over his mouth and hand, my own hands gripping the pillow under my head. He does not stop licking my clit or moving his fingers in and out until my body starts to shudder, and I plead breathlessly for him to stop.

My grip on the pillow loosens as I catch my breath and lay my shaking body back onto the bed. He looks up at me from between my legs and I shudder one last time as he pulls his fingers slowly from out of my wet vagina. The little smirk once again crosses his face as he moves off to the side of me, he then lowers his face to mine and kisses me with his open mouth, I can taste my own cum on his lips and smell me in his goatee as his tongue probes the inside of my mouth. This makes me wiggle and twist my ass, it makes me want him inside of me, but I want him as hard as he can get, so I move up and off the bed, turn and bend over his chest and start placing butterfly kisses upon his stomach and moving my tongue across his chest and then to his nipples. I nibble just enough on each one to get them hard and erect, when I hear him breathe in and sigh, I start moving myself lower onto his body, my mouth gently caressing his abdomen. As I get into a kneeling position in front of him, I bend my head close to his crotch and place my hands on each inner thigh; my tongue comes flicking out of my mouth to tickle the arch of his hip, then onto biting and licking the curved spot on his groin. My hand moves down to cup his balls and I gently take one finger and draw a line up to the tip of his hardened cock before flicking my tongue around the top of his shaft. I hear him breath inward with a gasp as I take my hand and grab the base of his shaft, then kiss the head of his cock with my lips and tongue. I pull back and blow a small stream of cool air across his now wet prick before I slowly take him into my hot mouth and move my lips down and over the head of his dick. Then my mouth completely takes him in, as my tongue runs up and down the stiff center of his cock.

I now hear his breath coming hard and fast, as my mouth starts slicking his penis with my saliva and I start moving my mouth up and down on him. He groans aloud as my mouth goes down all the way to the bottom of his shaft, my tongue running down the side of his cock at the same time and then pulling back up slowly and tightly to lick and suck on the head of his penis. I then plunge my lips back down again, his swollen prick is wet with spit and you can hear the sucking noise as my head moves up and down on him. I pull back from him, take a deep breath and then move down to deep throat his prick, I can feel him in the back of my throat as I hear him moan and feel his hands move to the back of my head. He pushes my lips further onto his huge cock and I feel a tickle of his pubic hair on my nose as I engulf him completely before coming back up, only to go down once again and grab the bottom of his hard penis. I start moving my mouth up and down on his dick as my hand begins the same beat as my mouth. My other hand fondles his balls with just the touch of my fingers while my hand and mouth continue their rhythmic beat on his cock. I look up to see his eyes and head roll back, feel his balls get tighter, his dick swells a little more and I know that if I keep it up, he's going to cum, so I start to slow my movements down. I circle the head of his dick with my tongue a few more times, then sit back and watch his rock hard cock throb in time with his heartbeat for a few seconds before I wipe the spit from my chin and lips, and look up at him.

He looks down at me with a look of utter carnal desire and before I can sit up, he reaches down, snatches me by the upper arms, and slides my body up onto him. My naked sweaty skin lies on top of his as I reach up to kiss his mouth with my now swollen lips. He hungrily takes my parted mouth to his and licks the outer edges of my lips, probing my entire mouth, then taking his tongue, he pushes it into my mouth and kisses me as his hands spreads my legs at the knees to straddle atop him. I push my upper body away and sit up, I can feel his hard member slide over my wet pussy and he reaches his hand down between my legs to tickle my clit. I tilt my head back and sigh with the thrill that sends shivers down my back and legs. My cunt is drenched again as I grind my hips back and forth across his dick, I look down at him and he raises his body just enough for me to glide my pussy up to the top of his cock. I can feel the head of him at just the tip of my vaginal opening, my cunt is soaked and I could slide on down him easily, but I decide to tease him instead. I slide the head of his rigid penis into me and stop when I feel the hard round foreskin pop just inside me, I gasp as I look up at him with a smile on my lips as I pull myself back up to where my pussy is again just teasing the edges of his penis. However, as I move my body lower he suddenly grabs my hips, pushes my wet pussy down over his rock hard cock, and grinds his hips up into me at the same time. I scream with pain and pleasure when his prick hits the bottom of my cervix, and my whole body responds to the feeling as I sit up straight on him and begin riding him. His hardness all the way inside me, I feel him throbbing along the sides of my cunt and his pulsing head punches into me. My pussy's moving back and forth, grinding his hard cock deep inside and makes me want him as deep as he can go, so I grind his prick further inside me and ride him for all he's worth. He pinches my nipples as I sit up and this makes me toss my head and body back to moan with excitement. My pussy is so wet that you can hear the sound of our bodies slapping together between the sounds of distant thunder.

I begin to feel close to climax so I lower my chest onto his with my arms on each side of him, I put my face into his neck to try to catch my breath, and my stiffened nipples caress his chest. I know that my drenched slit is dripping down his balls now as he starts moving his hips slowly, I raise myself up on my arms and move my hips on top of his cock so that my clit is hitting his shaft as I begin to move with him. His head of his cock is sliding up to hit my g-spot and, as the base of his dick moves inside me, his balls hit my taint. I pin his hands back, look into his eyes and say, "Don't move." Straddled on top of him, I start to move up and down, slowly at first then as his hard cock rubs and strokes the inside of me, I make little sounds from the back of my throat and my breathing speeds up along with my hips. I know that I am going to explode as stroke after stroke hits my clit, taint and g-spot all at one time. My hips move steadily faster, my cunt begins to tighten up and as I lower my body down for one more stoke the orgasm hits and I begin to quiver and grind in total abandonment until I can't take it anymore. I yell out in excitement as I sit up on top of him one last time to feel him deep inside me before I fall down to his chest, breathing hard and my body trembling from the climax.

However, he does not miss a beat and he takes this opportunity to roll me over onto my knees, pulls my hips up to his, my pussy still throbbing and wet, my body still trembling as he slides his huge stiff cock deep into me. I grip the pillow under me and scream into it as he hammers into me, holding my hips with his hands he guides my body back and forth over his dick. Still reeling from the first orgasm, his pounding cock brings me to another squealing climax as he slams himself into me harder and harder. I no longer have control of my body, my head in the pillow I lay there gasping for breath as he slows his thrusts down. Then he takes my legs and flips me over to lie beneath him, lying down on top of me, he pushes the sweaty hair back from my face and kisses me tenderly. As my breathing slows he bends to flick his tongue across my jugular then places his knee between my legs to part them, I give in easily as he smoothly slides himself up into my waiting pussy. Little by little, he eases himself into my taut swollen box, my eyes roll back and I whimper a little as he thrusts his still hard organ deep into me. 
