 Professor Emma Reed adjusted her tortoiseshell glasses and sighed. She shuffled papers around on her desk, hoping the letters of reference would write themselves tonight. She kicked her feet up on the leather ottoman, took a deep swill of her red wine, and leaned her head back into the cushions. 

Two months ago, Ted stood in her driveway with a cardboard box, looking at her. 

"Are you sure?" he asked.

"Go fuck yourself, asshole," she replied with a wave.

That cheating, lying bastard. Divorce was the right choice - wasn't it? Emma felt hollow and dry. She longed for someone to caress her breast, to kiss her ear, to unbutton her pants and slide their finger...

She flushed and sat up. Enough. She put down her wine glass and headed to bed. 

The next morning, Emma yawned and rubbed her eyes, checking her watch. 

"no no no no," Emma muttered. It was 7:30 am, and she taught an 8 am lecture on pre-colonial Africa. She blearily stumbled to her closet, realizing she didn't have any fresh laundry. She grabbed a too-tight red bra from the back of her dresser and buttoned a white blouse over it. She slid a black pencil skirt over her ass and turned to face the mirror. The skirt clung to her small waist and accentuated her large, round ass. Yep, still got it, she thought. She dug around in her drawer, searching for panties, but they were all in her hamper. 7:37 am. Whatever, I'll go without, she thought. 

Emma raced across the quad in her stilettos, coffee cup in hand. She stumbled slightly and her coffee spilled, soaking through her white blouse. Her red bra peeked into view, exposing the tops of her 38C breasts. She could see the outline of her wet nipples. 

"I should just go back to bed," she muttered to herself as she reached the door of the lecture hall. She stepped behind the podium, grabbed her clicker, and stared out across the crowded auditorium. 

"Good morning, class," she said.

"Good morning, Prof!" yelled back one student in the front row. 

Emma squinted across the stage to see a muscular boy with sandy brown hair grinning cheekily at her. Dressed in a gray hoodie and basketball short, he leaned back in his seat and met her gaze. Then, very slowly and deliberately, he slid his eyes down her body, lingering on her wet, too-tight red bra underneath her blouse and her suddenly too-tight black pencil skirt. 

Oh my god, he is totally eye-fucking me! Professor Emma Reed thought. She felt exposed in front of this unbelievably attractive young man. Was he a freshman? Sophomore? she wondered. The nerve of this arrogant kid, she thought. She cleared her throat and shook her head.

"Yes, well. Here we go. Let's talk about the British Empire."

As Emma began to lecture, she lost herself in the sweeping history of nation-states, colonization, and economics. Her voice rang out, clear and firm. She stood straight, walking across the stage in her stilettos, exuding poise and confidence. As she spoke, the class scribbled down notes and stared at her bright, intelligent green eyes. Every student in the room was enthralled by the poetry and heartache of her words. 

"Hey man, you want my notes later?" Jake whispered to Will, elbowing him. 

"Shit," Will said, looking down at his empty laptop screen.

Will ran a hand through his sandy brown hair and stroked his chin. He hadn't type a single bullet point because he could not stop staring at Professor Reed. She was so fucking hot. He gazed at her green eyes, sparkling with passion for her subject. Her smooth, pale skin and her silky brown hair pulled into a low bun. Her white blouse, soaking wet with coffee, clung tightly to her chest. He could see every outline of her lacey red bra, so tight that her breasts spilled over the top. He felt his cock harden underneath his basketball shorts.

He continued to move his eyes down her body as she walked to the front of the stage. In his seat at the front, Will could see every inch of her pencil skirt that hugged her hips and pushed her ass out. As she walked even closer, Will slouched down to peek underneath her skirt. Oh my god, she's not wearing any panties, he realized. His cock felt rock hard in his shorts. He slouched even further down in his seat and stared at her smooth pussy lips, so close he could reach out and brush them with his finger.

"Dude," Jake whispered furiously. "You better put your laptop in your lap before Professor Reed sees the raging hard-on you have for her." 

Will realized his cock was completely erect, pushing his basketball shorts 8" up in the air. His tall, thick penis throbbed and pulsed with desire. Professor Reed was the hottest woman he had ever seen. Her pussy was the tightest pussy he had ever seen. And he would know - he fucked the entire cheerleading team in high school. 

Jake coughed loudly, and Will grabbed his laptop. He hastily pushed the laptop in his lap and simultaneously banged his elbow on his desk. Professor Reed paused and turned in his direction. She glanced at Will, and her eyes slid onto his massive erection. Her face flooded red, and her breath caught. Will cringed with embarrassment, but tried to deflect it. Instead of blushing, he winked at her and grinned cheekily once more. Professor Reed raised her eyebrows and turned away.

"Where was I... let's see. Right, as I was saying, history is all about contingency."

***

"That's it for today, folks. Remember out midterm is next week." The class collectively groaned. 

"I know, I know, but Jamie is preparing a detailed study guide," she nodded at her TA. "Please be prepared and come with questions on Wednesday."

The class filed out, and Professor Reed walked down the stage stairs to the student section. 

"You, there," Professor Reed demanded.

"Me?" asked Jake weakly.

"No, not you - him," Professor Reed replied, pointing at Will. "Come with me immediately," she ordered and walked away up the stairs.

Will turned slowly to Jake and gave him a thumbs up, moving his hips back and forth like he was fucking. Jake shook his head, pointed silently at Professor Reed's back and motioned scissors snipping with his hands. Will gave him the middle finger.

"This century, please," Professor Reed said from behind the podium, picking up her leather briefcase. Will slung his backpack around his broad shoulders and followed Professor Reed out of the classroom. He walked behind her, admiring the curve and sway of her juicy ass as she descended the mahogany staircase. His cock still stood completely erect, swinging around in his basketball shorts as he entered her office.

"Nice place you got here," Will joked, looking around at the bookshelves of historical texts and maps. Professor Reed just glared at him and motioned for him to sit across from her. She closed the door with a thud.

"So... Will," she said. "How old are you, exactly?"

"I'm 18, Professor Reed. My balls dropped ages ago," he smirked.

"Will, I don't think you appreciate the gravity of this situation. You're an 18-year-old college freshman making inappropriate *ahem* advances on your 40-year-old professor. I want to talk through disciplinary actions," she replied sternly. 

"Yes, let's talk disciplinary actions," said Will. "How exactly are you going to punish me?" He raised an eyebrow and put his hand suggestively on his huge, hard cock. 

Professor Reed looked across her desk at the cheeky, confident boy. Her eyes lingered on the stubble on his square jaw. His warm, brown eyes met hers, dancing with amusement. Her gaze rested on his sweatshirt, imagining the broad, muscular chest beneath. Then, she allowed herself to peek at his basketball shorts. As she watched, he slid his hand into his shorts and wrapped his hand around his dick. His dick must be huge, she thought. His shorts strained to contain his bulge. 

"So... while we are discussing disciplinary actions, I can think of a few," Will said, lifting an eyebrow and meeting her eyes again. 

"Oh yes?" she asked in a low voice. "What's that?" Emma, she scolded herself. You have a PhD. Stop staring at this boy's penis. But she couldn't tear her eyes away from him. Will stood up and crossed over to her side of the desk. 

"Well first, a good deal of spanking," he said. Without warning, he grabbed her hips, bent her over her desk, and slapped her ass. Emma felt her vagina grow damp with desire. He deposited her back in her seat and pushed the inside of her thighs outwards. Her thighs lay open, exposing her wet pussy underneath her skirt. She leaned slightly back in her desk chair. 

"You know, Professor, I made some interesting insights in your class today," Will said, inching his fingers up her thighs. "Is that right?" Emma said, slightly out of breath. "Oh yeah," he said. His fingers now lay inches from her pussy. He shook his tousled hair and put his lips right against her ears. 

"Like the fact that you're not wearing any panties," he whispered, brushing his fingers across the lips of her pussy. Emma gasped involuntarily. He looked at her questioningly, and she dipped her head in consent. He started to stroke her labia, circling his fingers around her clit. Her pussy dripped as he worked his fingers expertly, kissing her neck and her earlobes. Emma felt her body contracting and tingling as he rubbed her clit and slid two fingers in and out of her vagina.

"May I?" Will asked, gesturing under her desk. Emma nodded silently. Will crawled under her desk and yanked her desk chair underneath. Her kissed the inside of her thighs and her stomach while he reached his hand up her white blouse. He stroked her breast and started to lick her clit, alternating slow, deep circling and hard, fast circles. 

"I've never done this with a student before," she whispered. Will paused, his mouth already dripping with pussy juice. He grinned. "But wouldn't you like to?" he said, cocking his head to the side. She nodded again, and he dove his head back into her legs. She grabbed his sandy brown hair as he slurped and sucked her pussy. He licked the inside of her pussy lips and lifted his tongue up and down repeatedly right on the hood of her clit.

"Oh fuuuuuckk..." Emma whispered. Her pussy had never been so wet before. He was magic. He was a god. Every inch of her body shook with anticipation. "Ohhhhhh yesssss," she whispered. Waves of pleasure rocked her body as he licked her pussy clean. Her thighs shook uncontrollably; her heart raced; and still he ate her pussy. 

She peaked, moaning softly as her 18-year-old student made her cum. Juice leaked down her legs. "Oh fuckkkk, I'm almost on my second," she gasped. Will kept sucking. He leisurely flicked his tongue against her clit as he reached his hand up her skirt and grabbed her ass. As he licked her drenched pussy, he circled his finger around her asshole. 

"Oh yesssss!" she cried as she climaxed for the second time.

"Emma? You okay?" she opened her eyes to see her colleague, Antonio Reyes, standing in her doorway. He ruffled his hands through his dark, black hair as he looked at her anxiously. Emma had always found him enormously sexy in a professorial way, and she had heard rumors that his tweed blazer might disguise a broad, toned chest and six-pack abs.

"Oh, yes, Max... just reading some excellent senior thesis papers," she said weakly, grabbing a random pile of papers from her desk. She felt Will's shoulders shaking with silent laughter as he kissed her thighs. Her cum dripped from his mouth onto her thighs. This will be funny later, she thought. My 18-year-old student is eating my pussy, and the colleague I've always wanted to bang has no idea. I need to reflect on my life choices, she said to herself as she leaned her head back and gazed at the ceiling in ecstasy. 

"... Okay, then," Max replied, staring at her. "So, I'm going to go now." He exited slowly. Emma jabbed Will's shoulder. He looked up at her from between her legs.

"Will. You eat pussy better than anyone I've ever met," she said, smiling in spite of herself. "But you need to leave right now," she said. "Right now."

Will smiled and ducked out from underneath her desk. He grabbed her cell phone from the top of her desk. "Not before I get your number," he said and dialed his phone. He turned to her and licked his lips slowly, clearly reveling in every drop of her cum. Then he reached out and tucked a stray hair behind her ear, leaning down. 

"Till next time, Dr. R," Will whispered into her ear. He grabbed his backpack and sauntered out of the room. 

Wow, she thought. I've never felt pleasure like that before. Ever. Trembling, she straightened out her skirt and her back. She opened her laptop and tried to check her emails, but it was useless. She couldn't stop thinking about her student's massive, hard cock and his tongue deep inside her pussy while cum dripped down her thighs.