 Sara and I fell asleep in the early morning, exhausted. When I woke, it was after 3:00. Sara was still sleeping soundly. I gazed at her nude form on the blanket. The soft light that filtered through the window made her milky skin glow. She was face-down, and I watched as her back rose with each breath. Slowly, her eyes opened, and she reached a hand across and stroked my chest. “See anything you like?” she asked.

“Everything,” I said, and she smiled and closed her eyes again. I bent down, lifting her hair, and kissed the nape of her neck. She shivered a little, but her eyes remained closed. As I began to kiss my way down her body, she reached out and grasped my rock-hard member. “Nothing too passionate, okay Rich? Not yet.” With that, she arched her back slightly, inviting me to mount her from behind. I took my place and savored the image of her waiting pussy. Her chest was still flat against the bed, and she’d allowed me just enough room to enter her. I stuck two fingers inside. She was already soaking. I held my cock steady and plunged in. Her hands tightened on handfuls of sheet.

“That’s it,” she sighed as I increased my tempo. I worked my way into a steady pounding. Looking down, I watched my cock as it disappeared into her slick, wet cunt. Every stroke caused her perfect ass to jiggle slightly, which had a hypnotic effect on me. I gripped her hips for more leverage. I noticed she wasn’t making much noise, then I saw that she had a pillow corner stuffed in her mouth. Tears were running down her cheeks as she bit down on the pillow, muffling her moans.

I reached on hand down and worked my index finger into her asshole. She tensed suddenly, but she kept rocking back into my hips. As I worked my finger in and out, she took her mouth off of the pillow. “OH GODDAMMIT!!!” she cried. “Put your dick there! Fuck me! Fuck my ass!!” Even though she was tight around my finger, she still wanted me to insert my thick cock in virgin territory. “Please, Rich! OH GOD! Do it!!!” Hearing her beg for it was pushing me over the edge. I quickly pulled out of her and, with three quick jerks, blasted my cum across her back and ass. “Oh shit!” I yelled as I came. Underneath me, Sara was moaning unintelligibly through her own orgasm. I watched as several drops of cum ran down her ass and down to her pussy lips. I was panting with exhaustion, and she was still breathing heavily.

“You want me to fuck your ass?” I asked her. She rolled a little to the side and smiled, her eyes full of lust. “Oh God, yes,” she said. “Oooooh, you have to.”

I smacked her ass as I got off the bed, causing her to jump a little. “We’ll save that for later, if you’re good,” I said. As I shut the door to the bedroom, I heard her murmur, “Thank you.” She was already half-asleep again. In the shower, I finally had time to think. I’d just fucked my best friend senseless. Several times. I was a little worried that it would change things between us. I didn’t know what to do about the whole mess. Should I pretend this had never happened? Was it a one-night thing, destined to be swept under the rug? No, it had to be more than that. Sara and I had always been frank about our sexual activities, so I knew that last night’s activities weren’t normal for her. A) She hardly ever sucked cock. She didn’t have a problem with the act, per se; she just tried to please people without blowjobs. B) She never swallowed cum. When she did give head, she usually stopped before the guy could cum and finished him off with a handjob. Last night, she’d been scooping it off her naked body and swallowing it down, trying to get every single drop. Which brought me to: C) She never lets guys cum on her. She’s always said it was disgusting, something relegated only to porn flicks. Finally, the Sara I knew would never ask for anal sex, let alone beg for it. What was going on? Why all the changes?

The bathroom door opened and I heard Sara come in. She used the toilet, then opened the shower curtain. Her hair was pulled back in a short ponytail, and she was wearing one of my t-shirts. It was stretched tight across her chest, accentuating all the right curves and allowing her pink nipples to be barely visible. She was naked from the waist down, and I could see that her pubic hair was still matted and sticky form our lovemaking sessions. She pulled my face to hers and kissed me. “Mmm....morning,” she said. “I’m gonna take off. I promised the girls I’d meet them for lunch, and Lynne just called to remind me.” She started to turn away, ass swaying as she moved.

“You’re not gonna clean up first?” I asked.

She smiled mischievously over her shoulder. “Why? Because I’m so dirty?” She put extra emphasis on the last word. She ran her tongue across her teeth. “That’s what makes it so exciting. I feel dirty,” she said, and walked out the door. A few moments later, I heard the apartment door shut. I hope she put pants on, I thought with a smile. I felt a little better. It didn’t seem as if she was viewing our actions as anything more than pure sex. Friends with benefits, I thought. I could handle that.

I spent the afternoon and evening tidying up the apartment and lounging around. I found her stiff panties under the bed, and their aroma brought up all the events of the previous night. Around 9 that night, Sara came back. She gave me a quick hug, then pulled off her shirt. Once again, I was completely amazed by her perfect breasts, especially when her nipples were as hard as they were right then. “I’m gonna take a quick nap, alright?” I was slightly disappointed, but at least I wouldn’t have to deal with all my questions right away.

As if she could hear my thoughts, she turned to me, topless, and said “It’s just sex, alright? That’s all it is for now.” I smiled at that. “Alright,” I said and, satisfied, she headed to the bedroom. Once I thought she was asleep, I threw on a shirt and went down the street to a bar I frequented. Although I’m a student, I moonlight as a bartender in a club downtown. Tonight, however, I preferred the atmosphere of Manny’s, our local close-to-campus pub.

Inside Manny’s, the local college scene was just beginning to pick up. I took my usual place at the bar, tipped my head to the barkeep, a hot little girl named Angel, and turned to survey my surroundings. Several girls were already on the small dance floor, gyrating their hips and swaying as they danced. I had just turned back to start on my beer when someone tapped on my shoulder. “Long time, no see, stranger.” Turning around, I came face-to-face with a slender little brunette. She was wearing a tight shirt that tied behind her neck, leaving little hiding space for any kind of bra. Her pale face was brightened by her bright blue eyeliner, which matched her eyes perfectly. It was my flirt-friend Kim, and, as usual, she was dressed head-to-toe in black.


She sat down next to me and ordered a beer. “What brings you here, stud?” She asked with a smile. “Don’t you work down at Fluid?”

“Yeah,” I replied, “but this is where I came to relax.”

Just then, the music really picked up, drowning out any real chance of a conversation. Kim leaned in to me. “YEAH,” she yelled. “REAL RELAXING! YOU WANNA DANCE?” I followed her out to the floor, admiring the snug fit of her skirt. No panty lines. Like most couples on the floor, we didn’t really dance so much as we dry humped. Kim backed up into me and ground her hips hard against my crotch. My dick came to instant attention. She noticed, because she smiled at me and slid her hand behind her to massage my throbbing cock. She stroked me slowly through my pants, stopping every now and then to squeeze the head. I slid my hands up the back of her skirt and cupped her ass. Her cheeks were uncovered, but I had to be sure she wasn’t wearing any panties. Still behind her, I moved my hand between her legs; my hand met no resistance as my fingertips rubbed over her exposed pussy. I slid two fingers into her and I felt her gasp and arch her back into me. We danced that way through the rest of the song, she squeezing my cock and me furiously fingering her cunt. She was incredibly wet already, and I felt like I was about to burst when the song reached its final chorus. She pulled me head down to her lips and said “Quick, finish me off.” I increased my speed, my fingers sliding rapidly in and out of her hot pussy, when I felt her grip my dick extra hard and my hand was covered with wetness.

As the song ended, she left the floor and headed for her booth. Thinking I’d be getting even more from her, I followed her. There, she wrote something on a slip of paper. “Thanks,” she said. “You have to call me.”

With that, she turned and left the club, leaving me standing by her table with a raging hard-on. Incensed, I paid for my beer and took off back to the apartment. I couldn’t believe that little cock-tease. I got her off; she should’ve at least returned the favor. Even though I was pissed, I couldn’t wait to call her. She was cute, and a good fucking would keep her from teasing me again. I’d have her begging for it like Sara.

When I got back to my apartment, I noticed the door was unlocked. Since it was only Saturday night, I knew it wasn’t my roommate. I stepped cautiously inside, ready to take on whoever might be waiting for me. A glow emanating from the living room indicated the television was on. If it was a burglar, he was a stupid one. As I entered the living room, I saw a long leg dangling off the couch. Sara. I had totally forgotten that I’d given her a spare key for the weekend, so that she could come and go as she pleased.

As I set my keys on the counter separating the kitchen from the living room, Sara sat up. “There you are,” she said. “Where have you been? I go to sleep, you’re here, I wake up 45 minutes later and you’re nowhere to be seen. I thought we were going to have a little bit of fun tonight. I believe you said you’d do something for me if I was good.” Her eyes sparkled in the glow from the television. I could tell that she had her mind set on one thing, but I didn’t think I was up to the task tonight. Her friend-radar kicked in, evidentially, because she asked “What’s the matter?”

I went around the couch and sat down next to her. It was then that I saw what she was wearing this evening. It was another short shirt, this time a white tank-top that flattened her breasts against her chest. She had a white thong on that blended with her skin, giving an illusion of nudity. As I sat down, she crawled across the couch towards me. “Let’s get you comfortable before you start with your story,” she said. She pulled my shirt over my head and unbuttoned my pants. Immediately, her hands were all over my chest. “It was a girl, wasn’t it?”

I sighed. “It was Kim. The girl from last night, remember?”

She giggled. “Mmmm....I remember last night.”

She bent down and started kissing my chest. “She was over at Manny’s, and she wanted to dance,” I said. “Seriously, you should....” I stopped as she licked my nipple and started feeling my cock through my jeans. “Could you stop, you make it hard to concentrate.”

She pulled back with a pouty look on her face. “Fine,” she said. She left the couch and walked across the room to the big plush chair adjacent to the couch. As she walked, she stripped her shirt off and tossed it on the floor. When she reached the chair, she hooked her fingers in her panties and, bending at the waist, lowered and stepped out of them. She sat down on the chair and shot me a smug “so there” look. Her legs were spread wide, and I could see her pussy was already soaking wet. I couldn‘t believe that she‘d become such a cum-slut overnight. “Go on,” she purred.

“Well, like I was saying, she’s gorgeous. She was wearing this black shirt that showed so much cleavage. Not that her tits are huge, she just really knows how to wear a shirt.” Sara now had a breast in each hand, rolling the nipples between her thumb and forefinger. Her breathing was increasing slightly. I tried to continue. “We were dancing, and all of a sudden she just thrust her ass right into my crotch and started feeling me up.”

Sara’s right hand moved down to her clit, which she started to rub slowly. “Yeah,” she said breathlessly, “were you hard?”

I swallowed. “Of course I was. A hot girl grinding against me? But then I put my hand under her skirt...” Sara was now pushing two fingers into her pussy. “Mmmmm...yeah?” she moaned. My cock was rock hard now. “And she wasn’t wearing any panties,” I continued.

“You like it when girls don’t wear panties?” she asked.

“Well, yeah,” I said.

Sara started fingering herself faster. “Good....then I won’t wear any, ever, when I know you’ll be around. Would you like that?”

I reached down and pulled my cock from my jeans. “Yeah,” I said, beginning to stroke myself. ”That’d be hot.”

Sara slid down in her chair and lifted her legs up onto the arm of the couch. She inserted a third finger into her sopping pussy. “Mmmm....yeah....God, I’d feel so slutty like that, walking around with no....” She trailed off as she lost her breath when she hit a particularly sensitive spot. “Oooooh....”

I was now stroking myself to match the pace of her fingering. “I started fingering her, right there on the dance floor.” Sara moaned. “I started fingering her, and...” Sara’s back arched. “And....” She grabbed one of her breasts.

“Oh God, don’t stop. Tell me more!” She craned her neck and lifted her tit and began tonguing at the nipple. Seeing her like that sent me over the edge. I walked across the room, dick bobbing as I moved, and pulled her hair back. I knew she liked it rough now. “And then what?” she asked. “Did you want to fuck her? Huh?” She wrapped a hand around my cock. “You wanna stick your big, fat cock in her? Her wet cunt?” Sara was jerking me off, hard. “You think she’d fuck as good as me? Would she let you cum all over her? Would she want you like I do?”

With that, she bent down and engulfed my cock. Again, it was bliss being in her warm mouth, feeling her tongue sliding over my rod. She sucked hard, bobbing her head up and down, pulling me deep into her throat. She’d never had nine inches before, and now she couldn’t keep it out of her mouth. She pulled off me, and starting licking me from my balls all the way up my shaft. “Oh God, Sara....” I moaned.

She sucked my head into mouth and then licked it clean. “Call me Kim,” she said. “Show me what you’d do to her.”

Sara was too much for me. I grabbed her head and forced her down on my cock. “Aaaaaaaaah,” I moaned as I exploded, sending shot after shot of cum into Sara’s willing mouth. Her swallowing was audible as she drank everything I offered. I pulled out, and she licked all the remaining cum from my dick.

“Yeah,” she purred. “That’s it. Fuck me like you wanted to fuck her. I’m Kim. I’m your little slut.” She turned around on the chair, rising up on her knees. She presented her cunt to me, just at the right level. I didn’t even hesitate as I plunged into her. “AAAAH!” She screamed. She turned around and slapped her own ass. Her face was a mask of pure lust. “Yeah, Rich! Give me that cock. Give me all of it!” I started pounding her as hard and fast as I could. The chair rocked back into the wall with every thrust. Her breasts swayed, and her head smacked the back of the chair. “Fuckfuckfuckfuck,” she said every time I bottomed out inside of her. She was more vocal than she’d ever been.

I pulled out and flipped her over, so that I had to lean down into her waiting cunt. She grabbed her ankles and lifted her legs up by her shoulders, allowing me to get maximum depth. I entered her roughly, and her eyes rolled back. “Uuuuuuuuuh...” she moaned, and the squeezing on me cock told me she’d just cummed. Sweat glistened on her chest, and our bodies made a wonderful squelching sound ever time I thrust. She reached down and started sucking her nipple again. “That’s it, baby,” she moaned. “Ooooooh....I’m your Kim....GOD! Cum-slut Kiiiiiii....” I was fucking her harder than ever now, letting my entire weight drive my cock into her. She was gushing, and the chair beneath us was already soaked. Her tits bounced upwards on every stroke, and she reached down and held them. I batted her hands away so I could watch them.

“Look at this,” I grunted. She looked down as my dick, piston-like, drove into her snatch. Her eyes never moved as she watched my rod pound into her. “More....no.....OH OH!” She moaned. “C-cummin....” I felt her clamp around me again. As she started coming down from her ecstatic high, she looked me in the eyes and started frigging her clit. “Cum for me, hon,” she said. “Cum for your Kim. Cum all over her.” I could feel the cum boiling up from my balls. Seeing the look on my face, Sara started breathing rapidly. “That’s it,” she squealed. “Cum, baby. Don’t cum in me. Cum on me. Not in me.” I heard what she was saying, but some animal part of my brain wouldn’t let me listen. Her face showed her worry. “Come on, pull out, Rich.”

It was too late. I grabbed her thighs and, jaw dropped in a silent moan, I thrust deep. Spurt after spurt of cum splashed against her pussy walls, and my back arched. I could feel this cum all the way down in my toes. I’d never cummed so hard, and never so much inside of a girl. I slumped down, drained, on Sara.

She pushed me off. “You fucking asshole!” She screamed. “I told you not to fucking cum in me! What the fuck, Rich?” She jumped up and threw on her shirt. As she walked towards the kitchen, I couldn’t help but admire her ass. It was just so perfect, I couldn’t keep my eyes off of it. It flowed as she walked. “Of all the fucking....” she muttered. She threw on her coat to hide her nakedness. “Fuck you, Rich. Don’t you dare fucking call me.” She started towards the door.

“Don’t go,” I said. I was too spent to be sorry about what had happened, and besides, it had felt so good.

“Why not?” she asked.

I thought about this for a second. “If you stay, I’ll fuck your ass for you.” Sometimes, I can be such a fucking moron.

I could see a tiny shimmer of tears welling up in her eyes. “Go fuck yourself,” she spat at me. She turned and slammed the door behind her as she left. I was still laying on the chair, too exhausted to move. Tomorrow, I thought. Tomorrow, I’ll have to do some damage control....

To be continued...