 Tom and I had reached the end of our holiday. When I arrived at Young Island with my brother we had promised not to have sex with each other again. Instead, upon spotting our new friends and lovers-to-be having sex in the dark in an adjacent hammock, I had broken my vow to Richard and joined in the sexy fun. Soon swapping partners, Tom and I enjoyed days and nights together. We both experienced anal sex for the first time and I had been made love to this very morning by a very strange girl, another first. 

The 'normal' world now awaited me. But little did I realise at the time that this past ten days had totally changed my outlook on life. On the plane home Tom and I discussed what had been, and what lay for us, in the future.

But with this chapter, my story is not quite complete, there is Sophie and Paul, and someone else!

Chapter 16: A plane discussion

It was the day of our departure, Les and Richard were, as earlier agreed, to stay on a further three days.

At lunch we all shared a large buffet and I was feeling sad that within hours I would be returning home. After four rum punches Les finally plucked up enough courage to publicly tell Richard about her previous nocturnal employment, evidently much more to his amusement than shock.

"Les, my naivety and your experience should prove for an interesting time ahead, especially if last night was anything to go by." My eyes widened in mock disbelief. Apparently she had kept him awake all night, this time for a very different reason. 

Les laughed, now relaxed after her confession, and put her arm around her new lover. 

"And for everyone's information, size does matter!"

"Yeah," agreed Richard, "She could hardly walk this morning. Not to boast, of course!"

"Well, I must say I am satisfied with what I found on the beach." I smiled, patting Tom lightly on the groin.

We all laughed, and gently kissed our new partners, much to the amusement of the nearby diners. Over Tom's shoulder I wondered how many of them were swingers, and if they were sat with their true partners.

With that thought I excused myself and went down to the beach to find my school friend Sophie, herself a dedicated swinger. She was lying sunbathing in her favourite place, accompanied by a tall stranger with long black hair tied in a ponytail. She put her finger to her lips as I admired this new addition to her collection. He was lying asleep on his back, his Speedos sporting a very healthy lump and what had obviously attracted Sophie.

I cocked my head to one side, silently mouthing. "Who is this?"

I sat close to her as she whispered, "An Italian couple arrived last night, he's called Milo. Hunky isn't he?" she grinned. 

I took hold of her hand, "God, you don't waste anytime Soph! And where is Paul?"

She shrugged her shoulders, "Still in bed with his girlfriend for all I know."

I was beginning to envy my friend's decadent lifestyle, and now really determined to be part of it, but sadly I was out of time, "Just come to say goodbye, Tom and I are leaving shortly."

She stood up and kissed me, and reminded me of our last conversation, "Rain check still on?"

"Don't worry, I haven't forgotten, rain check it is. I mentioned it to Tom and he's really looking forward to us all getting together."

"Yes, but this is about just you and me first, you did promise."

"I know I did, and I really want that, I know now I really, really want to make love with you."

She looked mysteriously into my eyes, a little humour in her smile, "So what's made you change your mind so suddenly, Sue?"

Still trembling from the recent ministrations of Sooline's tongue, I was reluctant to mention our recent encounter.

"Nothing really Soph, I just know I am ready for you now." 

"Good, call me as soon as you can, we get back on the 14th. I'm really looking forward to… you know… us."

We kissed again, hungrily, and I didn't care who was watching. We both knew at that moment if I hadn't been leaving so soon we would have been on my bed and at each other's pussies in a flash.

I was halfway through the bar when she ran after me, grabbing my arm.

"Sue?" She looked around to make sure no-one was listening. "What did you think of that Belgian girl?"

I shivered, how could she know? "I beg your pardon?"

"I know you went with her."

Oh God, had I ruined things? I had only yesterday promised myself to my best friend. "That was only two hours ago, how the fuck did you know that? She said she would keep it secret."

Sophie laughed. "She did. I came to your chalet to say goodbye, saw what was going on and left you to it. I have to tell you though, I was so tempted to join you both."

We sat down for a moment at the edge of the bar.

"How much did you see?"

"Enough to know I have missed out on a virgin! She was sat on the loo with her head between your legs."

"I'm sorry Soph, she seduced me, just happened to catch me at the right moment. And anyway I didn't do it with her."

"Why ever not, I thought you said you were ready?"

"She wouldn't let me go down on her, she has a scar or something."

Sophie nodded, looking dreamily towards the beach where we could see Soo perched on the edge of a hammock, and with a cunning glance back at me, "She was the same with me."

"Fucking hell Soph, when did you go with her?"

She grinned, "Night before last, she seduced me in the restaurant toilet. You see, you are not the only one."

I laughed at the situation, "Correction, we are not the only ones, she had Tom on the beach before me."

"Shit, how do you feel about that?"

"I am okay with it, now. If I found her hard to resist then I can't blame Tom for fucking her too."

"Does he know that you know?"

"Not yet, and boy have I a surprise for him because he doesn't know about me and her either!"

"Ooh, I would love to be a fly on the wall when you both share!"

Tom appeared with our suitcases, "We have to go Soph." We stood up.

We kissed again passionately, tongues fierce together, her hot bikini clad body pressed to my tank top.

"I want to fuck you both," she whispered in my ear and in response I gripped her ass and pulled her tightly to me. I looked around the bar, no-one seemed to care, this was definitely the place!

"I really want that," I gasped, "And Paul too."

"You shall have him darling" 

Sophie then turned to Tom, "Don't worry, I haven't forgotten you," and promptly buried her tongue down his throat. As now his hands gripped her ass as she reached between their bodies to squeeze his cock. "I want this fat thing in me soon lover boy, while I watch my husband fuck your new girlfriend and…" as she winked at me, "…it won't be the first time either!" She gave me a huge knowing grin. So she did know about my bathroom sex with her then boyfriend! I remembered breaking the towel rail as he had urgently fucked me up against the wall. 

I laughed while Tom's fingers started to slip under the hem of her bikini briefs and he replied huskily, "You fucking temptress you, it's almost worth missing the flight to do that right now, it seems ages since I fucked someone new."

Liar, I thought, and pulled him out of her clutches, becoming a wee bit little jealous.

As we left the bar Sophie pulled me aside and whispered, "Since you still haven't made proper love to another pussy, will you make mine the first? I want you so much Sue, more than any woman I have ever met."

I hugged her again, "Of course I will." I wasn't to know at the time that I would break that promise and she would actually become my second complete lover, thanks to some devious manoeuvering by Tom.

Serious for a moment, she continued, "One other thing. Can you work on this bi thing with Tom? You hinted he might be up for it, and it's been ages since I saw Paul suck on another cock. I so want to see that again, and Tom's feels so lovely and thick."

"It is I assure you! And don't worry about Tom, we have an agreement."

She raised an eyebrow, "And what would that be? Obviously something sexual."

"Of course. Quite simple really, he doesn't get to watch you and me together unless I can watch him go down on Paul. And he told me he did play with another cock when he was younger, so half the job is done!""

She laughed, "That's really, really cool Sue. Lets go for that, a real bi foursome, I can't wait! But you and me first, okay?"

I nodded.

Tom was calling, it was time to go. Sophie looked deliberately at him, slipped her hand between her legs and spread a wet finger across both our lips. 

"Something for you guys to remember me by."

The pungent taste of a second pussy in such a short period of time had my mind reeling. If only this holiday had been a day longer.

I collected my case from the porter.

"Kiss me Tom."

Before our lips engaged he sniffed my mouth, inhaling the scent of my friend's pussy.

He then licked my lips, "Her pussy tastes good Sue, just like yours."

"Play your cards right Tom and you will soon get it first hand."

"Mmm the sooner the better, any friends of yours are friends of mine." It wasn't quite the moment to remind him that some bisexual cock-sucking would comprise part of the fun.

Richard and Les had come to see us off and as we waited for our taxi I overheard her asking Tom about the scream she and the whole island must have heard in the night. "Was that someone being murdered or did you hit the spot?"

"Actually, we had anal sex, our very first."

"First time Tom? And how old are you, 28? Where have you been all these years?"

"Okay miss pro, we don't all have your experience," he taunted.

She glared at him. "Don't you bloody go telling everyone. I don't mind you guys, but no one else, okay?"

Tom held her shoulders and kissed her forehead. "I promise. And anyway, if it hadn't been for you in that library I wouldn't have met Sue and… ah, here's the taxi."

They both came with us to the airport where we all had a snack together, and they waved us goodbye. 

"Have a safe trip you two," stuttered a tearful Les, kissing us both, "And no mile-high stuff either!" 

"And don't you go screwing any strangers on the beach!" Tom retorted.

Before we parted I whispered in her ear, "If you guys should hitch up with a tiny gothic girl in a black bikini, you might have a little fun, if you know what I mean."

She laughed, "I know, I saw you leave the beach with her, she's called Soo isn't she? She came on to us not more than twenty minutes ago, but as you would guess, Richard wasn't interested."

Wow, my first female lover was one insatiable bitch. I wondered whose pussy she would be eating tonight?

In the little airport lounge, while we waited for our flight, I turned to face my new travel companion, taking his hand in mine.

"Tom, when I said yesterday I am not ready for commitment, I don't want you to think that this was just another of those holiday romances which ends as soon as we leave."

"It never crossed my mind Sue, we can always shag on the plane!"

I punched his side. "Be serious for a mo. Something serious happened this morning over on that little island which confirms what I said yesterday about us not committing, not just yet anyway."

His eyes flickered for a moment, he was clearly thinking that I had found out about his little beach adventure this morning. I saw a flash of guilt in his eyes and decided to tease him a little.

"This has to do with sex, Tom. One-off sex outside a relationship."

"Sue, I…"

I grabbed his arm, "Let me finish please. Cheating on your partner, even if the relationship hasn't truly formed, can be very damaging…"

"Sue, please…" He was looking very worried now, I was enjoying this immensely. It's good to make our partners grovel occasionally!

"I said let me finish. Cheating can be very damaging unless the two people have promised to be open with each other, do you agree?"

"Yes, but…" I held up my hand.

"It's all about sharing with your partner, okay?"

He nodded slowly, his downcast face a picture!

"And this is about fucking Sooline, yes?"

He was looking more and more guilty, and nodded again. It was nearly time to put him out of his misery.

"You obviously remember her from last night?" How could he possibly forget after what he did with her this morning!

"Of course."

"Well, when you and Rich went off to sort the tickets…" I paused for effect, "… she came to my cabin and fucked me."

He uttered a genuine gasp, and instantly looked relieved, his face instantly transforming into a wide grin.

"How on earth did that come about?"

"Quite out of the blue. She came up to me on the beach and sat down with two bottles of beer. I said hello, but she just looked at me with that pan expression of hers and started to stroke my foot."

"Interesting. Foot fetish?"

"Not that I'm aware of. Nothing was said, but there was this instant spark. We both knew immediately that we wanted each other, just like you and me the other night at the disco."

My hand was on his thigh and I felt his jeans move slightly under the pressure of a growing cock. He obviously thought his own little secret was safe.

"What did you do?" 

"She looked me in the eyes and raised her own in question. I just nodded and she took my hand and led me to my cabin. I couldn't resist her Tom. We had sex in almost total silence."

"Bloody hell!"

"Well, more she had sex with me, she just took over, it was amazing. Funny thing Les saw us leave the beach together. I hope she doesn't tell Richard."

"Don't worry, I know she has been with other women herself, she'll keep mum."

I looked at him sheepishly. "I guess that makes sense of what we discussed last night, about any serious relationship."

At last, as I had hoped, he decided off his own back to come clean. "I suppose I have to agree, because she fucked me too."

For a moment I just stared at him, knowing he expected an outburst, but instead I grinned and burst out laughing.

"We are a pair aren't we!"

Relaxed with my response he continued his confession, "While you were still asleep this morning I went for a swim."

"I know, she told me."

"You said she never spoke to you."

"She didn't until then. There was really nothing to say. We both wanted the same thing, and instinct took over. Afterwards she did open up a little."

"Why aren't you angry Sue?"

I took my hand and stared deep into his eyes. 

"Why should I be? We have agreed to take this thing slowly and enjoy ourselves, just like we both did this morning. And then when we are ready, if we are ready, we can commit. Okay?" I kissed him lightly on the nose. "I love you Tom, but not enough to commit myself to one man, not yet anyway."

"I accept that. Soo was sheer lust, on any other day I would pass her on the street and not bat an eyelid."

"Same here. And it's not your eyelid I'm worried about," I laughed, indicating his groin, "It's that thing in there. Holiday time Tom, we let our hair down when we're away from home. It's the freedom from the responsibility of normal life that makes us adventurous. I love that feeling, that's why I came out here with Rich, and you brought Les, all of us hoping for some sex."

He looked at me curiously, "She was your first time wasn't she? Did you enjoy it?"

"Not as much as I think I could have done. I knew I was going to go with a girl one day, the opportunities kept falling into my lap after losing Jim, so I thought it was about time I grabbed this one. But I am sure I could have done better. I will be more selective next time. It's something I needed to get out of my system, Tom, but she wasn't quite the right person. I don't want wham-bam when I do it for real. I want something more loving. But it doesn't mean I don't want to see her again."

"Hmm, from what I've seen I think Sophie will be just right for you." And Paul just right for you I thought. Visions of Tom's mouth full of cock made me smile to myself!

A few months later I did have that loving pussy sex, not with Sophie nor Sooline (I did eventually meet up with her again, much later on, and her pussy had healed beautifully!) but with another girl, and Tom in his eager way helped to organize it, but that comes toward the end of my story.

Our flight was called and when we were buckled into our seats Tom continued the conversation.

"Sue, why do you think that girl came on to us like that? I don't know if it was the same with you, but she didn't seem to be exactly ecstatic while I was fucking her."

"I asked her. She told me she doesn't have sex with Greg, they just enjoy change by meeting other people for sex, but she has yet to meet someone who totally satisfies her." I had promised her that I would not disclose that Greg was her brother.

Tom laughed. "She certainly got change this morning! Twice!"

"They have an open relationship, and that works for them."

"Sort of like what we are talking about? Though I don't think I could ever get bored with you!"

"Yes, that's exactly it. We can be like them, both have lots of fun and still be there for each other."

I gave his cock a surreptitious squeeze, and continued, "I must admit that although she is no raving beauty, deep down she is incredibly sexy. I don't blame you in the slightest for not fending her off. I certainly couldn't. So tell me, where did you actually fuck her? In one of the hammocks?"

"Didn't she tell you?"

"Nope, she just apologised for seducing you, and that left her horny for me. She did say you didn't make her cum though." I giggled softly, "But then neither did I, she wouldn't let me go down on her!"

"It would have been difficult, I didn't have my snorkel with me!"

"You did it in the water?"

"There were too many people on the beach." That explained the stand-up sex.

"I've never tried it in the sea, I did it in the bath once with a boyfriend. My mum was really pissed off, there was more water on the floor than in the bath!"

"I'm not surprised, I got a frown if I so much as brought a girl home."

"Oh, it wasn't the fucking, my Mum was a real brick about that, she knew I played safe, it was the water coming through the kitchen ceiling on to her Paella on the stove!"

Tom took my arm, "So tell me about you and Soo, what did she do?"

"No Tom, you finish first."

He laughed, "Never heard a girl suggest that before!"

I smiled at his lovely humour, "Come on, I want to know what drove you to have sex with this girl."

Just at that moment the pilot announced we were about to descend into Barbados.

"Tell you what Tom, let's save it until we are on the Jumbo, then I want to hear every detail. Hearing about sex always gets me horny, even if it is about my boyfriend fucking someone else!"

"You sure?"

"Yes Tom, every dirty fucking detail."

As we had done ten days ago, we were guided to the transit lounge and watched a group boarding the earlier BA flight to London, praying our luggage would find the right plane. In no time at all, in a quiet corner, I fell asleep on Tom's shoulder, exhausted from the morning's events.

One hour later our own flight was called and once we were settled in our seats, airborne and the engines noisy enough to cover our conversation, I asked Tom to continue.

"Where do you want me to start?"

"From the moment you woke up this morning, Tom, I want to know what was in your mind."

"Well, I think my mind was a blank. I remembered looking at the clock, it was gone 5.30. It was just getting light, and you were still well out of it. My head was banging I knew that a dip in the sea would be the solution to my hangover, but I was easily tempted to go take a quick pee and crash back into bed with you."

"So why didn't you then?"

"While I was peeing I had the word 'swim' buzzing around in my mind, and it was more than just the thought of getting into the sea early like I often do."
