 JILL AGAIN

I

Jill and Rod were a bit breathless, crouching behind his car parked alongside the grass verge in the far corner of the car park. It was late evening, but high summer so that there was still light in the sky. As a pointless joke, they were hiding from friends they had just left in the clubhouse at the end of the evening.

Jill's heart was knocking at her ribs with the excitement, coupled with the exercise of running across the park. She could hear John's voice in the distance.

'Where the dickens have Rod and Jill got to? They were with us only a minute ago.'

'His car's still over there. They must still be in the club.' That was Paula's voice Jill could hear. She giggled, hot and still panting a bit. A bit sweaty!

'Oh, come on! Let's go.'

As Jill was listening to the sound of a car door opening, she was taken aback by Rod putting an arm round her waist, reaching over to kiss her. After a brief moment of surprise, still giggling, she let him, even returning the kiss - which became rather prolonged. Floating across the park were calls of 'Goodnight' from Harry, who lived close enough to walk home. 

The kiss developed into mutual nibbling of lips. Hmmm! Nice!

When Jill heard a car motor starting up, she knew they were safe from discovery. She put her hand behind Rod's neck to continue the kissing of a more serious nature, slipping her tongue between his lips. It was then that she felt his other hand reach up her blouse to cup her left breast, slightly damp with perspiration. Her body gave a slight shudder of approval. The kiss became more passionate.

With it being a warm evening, Jill had not tucked her blouse into her skirt, leaving it hanging loose, and had decided not to wear her bra, so that there were no barriers to Rod's snooping hand. She had full, self-supporting breasts with outstanding nipples, which had caused something of a sensation in the bar earlier.

She made no attempt to stop him. She was feeling a bit reckless, and didn't care. Besides, it was too late she convinced herself. Jill had been flirting with her eyes at him all evening, so it was hardly surprising he would try to feel her up. And she really enjoyed having her breasts fondled - and by a strange hand, it was all the more exciting. It generated that wonderful warm feeling in her loins, bubbling over in her vulva. Jill had a sneaking attraction towards Rod, who was an outgoing, amusing - if loud - person.

Rod had the self-confidence of a guy with a large prick. They knew they were a bit special. Jill had been told by Pru that Rod had such a piece of male equipment. So, although feeling slightly guilty, she welcomed the feel of Rod's roving hand on her breasts, wondering why he had left it so late to try to feel her.

'What absolutely beautiful breasts,' Rod murmured into her mouth. 'Stunning!'

They had been rehearsing that evening for a musical they were all taking part in. The rehearsal was for principals only, but, as usual, they all met up in the club bar for a few drinks afterwards. Jill and Rod were playing opposite each other in the musical, whilst John and Paula were helping with props. Pru and Alan were also involved in the chorus, whilst Diana was involved with wardrobe, though, like Alan, was not with them on this particular night. The four couples were close friends.

On this particular evening, Alan was away on business, leaving Jill on her own for three nights, which was rather a long absence for both of them. The two of them were highly sexed and usually fucked each day. When Alan was away, they would speak on the phone for half an hour or so, whispering sexy things to each other, sometimes leading to a mutual masturbating session whilst listening to their grunts and whimpers, encouraging the other to an orgasm.

This particular evening, Alan had phoned a little before Jill was ready to go out. Her best friend, Pru had arrived to baby sit for Jill, whilst she rehearsed. Jill had teased Alan about the firm's secretaries, since this was the evening of their annual party. There would be food and wine, a little dancing and, perhaps an odd grope. She wound him up by admitting that she would be going to rehearsal wearing very little on such a warm evening - which would almost certainly turn on the men.

'You get them all wound up darling!' he told her.' Then tell me all about it when I get home.'

'I will, darling. Believe me. Have fun!' 

Pru commented on Jill's attractive appearance. 'John will be salivating when he catches sight of your boobs!' she laughed. 'Maybe my husband as well!' 

Jill laughed. Harry was a dark horse, the one member of the group who was not involved in the drama, but went along to support his wife. 'Help yourself to wine. There's a bottle open. Shouldn't be back late.'

'Take your time darling.' And Jill left the house feeling very sexy.

As a matter fact, all the other three men in their group fancied Jill; which was not surprising, since she was very attractive, a slender 5'6" with an elegant deportment and a ready infectious laugh. Without his wife being there, Rod was particularly attentive to Jill this evening, sitting beside her. But it was John who could hardly keep his eyes away from the shadow of her nipples pushing against the fabric of the blouse. Rod had pulled his leg about it.

'Hey, John! It's rude to stare - even if they are worth staring at.'

'You men,' Paula had said. 'All you think about is sex!'

'And why not? It makes the world go round!'

'What would you think if I stared a your crotch openly?'

'Hey! I'd think - I'll be alright tonight!' was John's retort. They laughed.

'But I have to say, Jill, they do look particularly succulent,' was Rod's opinion.

'I know you'd like to get your hands on them, but just drink your beer and mind your own business, ' Paula told him.

'Chance would be a fine thing.'

Jill threw her head back and laughed, allowing her breasts to push against the fabric of the blouse throwing the nipples into even further relief. Her husband jokingly called then organ stops. During warm weather, when shopping on a Saturday morning, Jill would be without a bra beneath her white cotton blouse, allowing her prominent, dark nipples to stand out against the fabric. Alan encouraged her in doing this, enjoying watching the reaction of the other male shoppers when they noticed her prominent buds.

So this was a deliberate move on Jill's part to tease the men. She enjoyed the feeling of power over them, egging them on by offering them a glimpse of her feminine charms. John managed to move casually behind Jill's seat so that he could glance down the top of her blouse in the hope of catching a better view of those tantalizing swellings.

But Jill knew what John was up to, and laughed even more, twisting her head round to give a knowing look to his wife, Paula, aware that her blouse would fall open sufficiently for her right nipple to be visible to John, looking over her shoulder. The thought of him getting wound up looking at her nipple gave her a kick.

All the men fancied Jill; but then they fancied all the wives really. And, if the truth were known, all the wives fancied the other men - Pru had pressed the stiffness of them all at one time or another, and was particularly attracted to Jill's husband, Alan. She had admitted as such to Jill, who found it amusing. They had few secrets from each other. Whilst Pru couldn't compete with Jill in the breast department, she was equally sexy. Like Jill, she quite fancied Rod, having recently enjoyed a mutual encounter with him at a party - though it was confined to hands only. She admitted to Jill having allowed Rod to fondle her bottom and press her breasts. Whilst kissing, Pru had fingered the shape of Rods erect cock in his trousers, feeling it twitch. She was impressed; curious to have a closer inspection sometime in the near future.

John in particular, now gazing longingly down Jill's blouse at those superb breasts, drooled over her. He had even suggested a wife swap, or foursome, to Alan who had laughed off the idea at he time. He had asked Paula later if she approved of her husband's suggestion, to be told that she'd even allow John to stray, if she could enjoy a session of sex with Alan. Alan wasn't sure if she was teasing, but made a mental note to try her out sometime.

When closing time came, all except Rod and Jill disappeared into the toilets, leaving Rod and Jill alone.

'Come on,' he suddenly took Jill's hand. 'Let's run off and hide from them.'

Rather than ask why, Jill said nothing, but ran down the corridor silently with him, breasts bouncing, and out of the front door. They sprinted across the car park to Rod's Rover, ducking down behind it, giggling. Jill, a little out of breath, peered round the front of the bonnet.

'Shh!' she hissed, giggling. 'They're coming!'

And to Jill's surprise, Rod had taken advantage of the situation by touching her breasts and kissing her on the mouth. Which of course, had been his plan all along. Seeing her nipples straining against her blouse whilst they were in the bar, had determined him to get his hands on them, use the opportunity whilst Alan was away. Rod suspected that Jill was inviting him to fondle them. Getting no brush off, Rod took the left breast in the palm of his hand, as if weighing it. And now he was fondling them! It was all much easier than he had anticipated. They were all he had expected. And more! Softly textured skin, with firm, large nipples. 

Jill gasped in surprise, but made no effort to remove his hand.

'Stunning!' he repeated, exploring their texture and firmness.

'Yes, well. Now you've had your feel, shouldn't we be going?' but Jill made no move to stand up. She was enjoying the caresses and was, in fact, wondering what the state of Rod's cock would be. Pru had confided having giving it a casual stroke to her and being impressed by its quality. Jill wondered whether this was her chance to discover for herself. She had had enough to drink to abandon any false modesty. Besides, if Rod could feel her boobs, she could feel his cock. Only fair. And she was a cockaholic, after all. Couldn't get enough of them in her younger days.

"What's the hurry? Rod was whispering. 'Alan's away and Diana's at her Mother's. We have all night.' Rod had no intention of letting this opportunity go by without making full use of his advantage and enjoy feeling Jill's softest centers.

Whilst considering her response, still squatting on her heels, having her neck and earlobes nibbled, Jill never considered how vulnerable her vulva was. Beneath the wide wrap-round skirt, she was wearing only loose silk French knickers. Jill liked to wear expensive, attractive underwear against her loins. But these did little to protect her genitals against invasion. And invaded they were.

Rod's other hand slid quickly under her skirt from behind, over her taught buttocks to cup Jill's soft hair-covered secret entrance in his palm. He had reasoned that she had not repulsed his exploration of her tits, so it was worth trying to get into her silk knickers. Before Jill could prevent it, the thick, well-endowed vulva with its fleshy inner lips, nestled into his palm, spreading its abundant honey, enjoying the attention.

Jill's aroused vulva was well covered with a mat of dark hair, spreading into her inner thighs and peaking to her belly button. Its over-generous inner lips hung low from the clitoral hood, flanking the trickling vaginal opening, their warm, fleshy folds resembling small wrinkled grapes.

'You bugger!' she scolded, wriggling, but without dislodging his hand. 'That bit's private. Well, apart from Alan, of course.'

'What? Such a marvelous piece of woman you have there - so succulent and soft - so wonderful - and you want to keep it private? Shame on you!'

'You have Diana's to play with.'

'Yes, but yours is so attractive, so different.'

'Maybe! But you'd find any woman's fanny attractive.'

'Besides, yours is ready, willing and able. It's soaking.'

'What do you expect. It's being stimulated. Anyway, it usually is. I'm permanently wet. So stop it!' But she didn't mean it, and Rod knew she was only going through the polite remonstrations. He pressed her down with his other hand as he started to fondle the soft, plump vulva, swollen with desire, his fingers pressing up against her erect clitoris. She was very, very sexy. She was very, very receptive.

'Stop it, Rod!' Jill protested, toppling over sideways in the struggle. Rod leaned over her, his hand still clutching her most secret part.

'Can't I share it. Just for tonight? Can I have Alan's share?'

'No!' But Jill was unable to prevent his prying fingers from exploring her generous labia, feeling their fleshy folds. 

'Besides, it's nor fair on Alan or Diana.' Jill was surprised by the hoarse nature of her voice. She was clearly confused by her eagerness. She was torn between her desire to be faithful to Alan and her desire to enjoy the sensation between her legs, being felt and caressed.

'They won't know, will they? And your body tells me it would like to share its secrets with mine.'

What the hell, Jill thought. What's a feel between friends? Besides, it feels good. She sighed. After all, it's what she was had been wanting ever since she spoke on the phone with her husband. Though with Alan, rather than some other man. Rod had been provocative during the rehearsal, kissing her rather more passionately than the play called for, whispering how she turned him on - how gorgeous she looked - how soft her skin. Generally chatting her up

So, she had spent the whole evening during rehearsals on the edge of stimulating thoughts, eager for Alan to get home and screw her hard. And here she was, being felt up by his friend instead. And, what's more, enjoying it!

'We shouldn't really,' she said thickly. But without conviction. The teasing fingers, now playing with her stiff clitoris, causing her loins to jerk and squirm, were in no mood to be refused this attention. She would have to stop him right now, otherwise what was left of her resolve would be gone. Jill's inner muscles were flexing with anticipation, dilating and contracting the puckered vaginal opening in rhythmic spasms. She wanted to get home to her bed so that she could masturbate, to release the sexual tensions.

In an attempt to push him from her, Jill put her hand on Rod's thigh, only to find it resting on his hardened cock, straining at the leg of his shorts. Her mouth dried up. She hadn't really intended this - nor expected to contact his cock. Rod would believe, of course, that she'd done it deliberately. But, to her shame, she didn't take it away. It was too interesting. 

II

Jill had an insatiable fascination for cocks. Having a brother two years her senior, she had been familiar with the essential part of the male anatomy for as long as she could remember. But it wasn't until she had joined the local Gilbert and Sullivan Society that she finally played with a cock herself. One of the older members gave her a lift to rehearsals in his car and, when she got to know him better, he promised he would get her a solo part in the next show if she were good to him. Being good, she found, meant pushing her hand into his trousers and playing with his cock, which was usually already stiff with anticipation, rubbing it up and down until it ejaculated in her hand.

After overcoming her nervousness, she did as he asked. This was the very first cock she had felt; her first experience of sperm, which she found strangely exciting. She began to enjoy playing with it. Though not getting the part in the show at the time, Jill did get an appetite for cock.

There had been many cocks since those early years. It had been with some surprise, and absolute delight, that Jill discovered that each cock was a little different from the rest. Since her first real fuck on the settee of her first leading man's place, each encounter with a cock was a new thrilling discovery.

So, when Jill had first agreed to have a pub lunch with Alan, she thought he would drive her onto the moors for kisses and caresses, expecting her to play with his penis whilst he felt her fanny. But that was not the case. He never touched her! They just chatted, getting to know each other until time for him to go to a meeting

It was on their second date that he slid his hand into her blouse during a prolonged kiss. His fingers touched her skin with a soft delicacy, making her shiver with excitement, raising goose pimples on her arms. Exhilarating! As they kissed, the smell of his skin excited her curiosity about his body. She wanted him naked in her arms. But no!

Most men couldn't wait to scoop a woman's breast into their hand, rubbing it as if trying to polish it. But Alan kept her waiting before reaching inside her blouse with sensitive fingers. With their sensitive tips, they traced the contours of the breast, exploring, touching her nipples gently, sending rippling waves of delight through her whilst bringing the teat to its swollen hardness. So delicate was the touch that the rippling current she felt, reached her clitoris, triggering a mild orgasm. Her vagina was flooding! But that was all he ventured on that second date. She was beginning to wonder if he didn't find her attractive after all.

On the third lunch date, as they started their kissing, Alan lingered rather longer in fondling her breasts, bringing her to a peak of anticipation. Jill inhaled his fragrance with joy. When his other hand reached up the hem of her dress, she sighed with relief. At last! The fingertips stroked her inner thigh as lightly as a feather, exploring the soft texture of her skin, sending flutters of excitement though her loins. Jill was becoming over excited, wanting his fingers to explore further. But he was taking his time. Gradually, his hand reached the gusset of her knickers, teasing the silky-soft hair surrounding the vulva. She gasped, thrilled with anticipation. This was it! Jill was wearing her favorite silk open-leg knickers, offering free access to what was within them, so that Alan's fingers had no obstacle to reaching Jill's soft labia. So very wet. 

Jill was over the moon! Lost in sexual exhilaration. She murmured with pleasure as she wriggled her loins. 'At last!' she whispered to him, 'I was beginning to wonder if you would ever want to feel me properly. What was the delay?'

'It is so much more thrilling if you have to wait a while. I didn't want to rush you, Jill. Make you think that's all I want from you.'

'Well, it probably is. It's all I want from you right now, anyway!'

'Good! You have a fantastic body!'

'God! You had me begging for it.' And she gasped with the thrill of his touch.

'You're wearing the right underwear - feeler friendly!'

'Are you complaining?' she muttered, her lips pecking at his. 'Come on. Stop pussy footing. Feel me properly!' 

Returning to the kiss, Alan's fingers explored the most secret center of Jill's body, fingering every crevice, every fold of warm flesh, discovering the delights of her entire vulva, to her utter ecstasy. Fabulous!

Reaching into Alan's lap, Jill's hand encountered the hard outline of his penis. She stroked it gently with one finger, before taking the tab of the zip fastener between her thumb and forefinger to slowly open it. With a feeling of breath-taking anticipation, her fingers sneaked inside the open trousers and touched the bare skin of the shaft. With a dry mouth, Jill's hand curled round the cock. It was her turn to discover Alan's centerpiece and explore its texture, length and girth, whilst her loins were on fire with the flames of lust and passion.

It was what she expected. Hard, firm and straight! And throbbing! Oh God! She loved cock. Could hardly get enough. And this was a beauty. Well, they all were, but the one in hand is always the best of the time.
