 "Feel like a shower?" she asks, raising a brow.

His eyes go wide, "is she for real?" They've been together a few months, but her playfulness still surprises him on occasion. She stands, grasping his hands and dragging him to his feet. She backs toward the bathroom, crooking her finger and giving that patented "come hither" look.

"Be right there," he notes with a gesture and leaves her, unbothered by her confused look. He thinks, "Playful, I can do playful. Maybe even spontaneous."

She adjusts the water temperature, wondering what he's up to. Shrugging to herself, she steps into the tub and under the spray of water, drawing the shower curtain behind her. A few moments later, she hears his clothes fall to the floor.

Stepping in the shower behind her, he wraps his arms about her waist, pulling her close. A tiny moan escapes her as she feels his hardness press against her ass. He's only half-hard, but already she wants him. She arches her back and turns her head to kiss him, pressing her ass back against his hips.

Spinning in his arms, she deepens the kiss and reaches behind him to grab the soap. Scrubbing every inch of his body, she works her way down from his shoulders to his feet, conspicuously missing his now rigid cock. As she rises, she runs her hands up his legs, wrapping around until her fingertips are teasing his inner thighs. Her tongue cups each of his balls then slides up between them and all the way to the tip of his cock.

Now standing, she grips his erection strongly and breathes "baby, you make me so hot. Just looking at you in front of me floods me. I'd be just as wet if we weren't in a shower." As she speaks, his cock twitches with wanting and he slides his hands down her body, over her small breasts, grazing her tight nipples, briefly gripping her hips possessively, then one slips behind her to grasp one ass cheek as the other sneaks between her thighs, cupping her mound.

His palm rests on her pubic bone, touching her clit ever so lightly and his fingers gently covering her lips, teasing by their mere presence. Ever so lightly, he presses his fingertips against her opening. She takes a deep breath and squeezes his length. As if he'd read her mind, just as she takes a stroke up his soapy, hot, solid cock he plunges two fingers inside her, pushing against her clit, pulling a cry of pleasure from her lips.

Eyes wide, she shudders and pushes hard against his hand. She releases his erection and instead grabs hold of his shoulder to steady herself. His fingers as deep within her heat as he can manage, he looks into her eyes and watches her chest heave as she tries to regain a little control. Not wanting to allow that, he sinks his fingers in the tiniest bit more, as deep as he can get them and wiggles them ever so slightly.

Her back arches involuntarily as she gasps in the heavy steam-laden air. He rotates her slightly, aligning her beneath the shower head so that water streams straight down on her clit. He's barely moving, but her hips are grinding on his fingers. Mouth open, breathing hard, she pushes against his hand, eyes locked on his.

His face breaks into a grin. "Do you like this?" Leaning down so his lips are just millimeters from her ear "Do you like my fingers inside you?"

"Ohh!" she gasps, body jerking. Fisting her hand in his dark hair, she pulls his ear down to her mouth. Before she can speak he begins a slow, gentle rocking of his hand. "God!" she breathes. "Yes. Ohhh, you feel so good." Biting her lip and moaning, "mmm, please. Fuck me with your hands. Make me come around your fingers. Mmm, fuck me."

He draws a deep, shaky breath. Reaching behind him he redirects the shower head so he can work without the water interfering and pushes her up against the shower wall, still his fingers are deep in her pussy. Licking up her throat and brushing his lips against her ear his intones "your wish is my command" and pounds his fingers into her again and again.

He smashes her lips with his own, pressing her head against the wall as she moans. He slows his fingers' thrusts and begins twisting his wrist as he slowly pushes in and out, quite literally screwing her to the wall with his hands. His free hand roams her body, finding a home at her breast.

Her nipple hardens immediately. Massaging her breast, he brings his mouth down and sucks at her nipple, biting its hard peak ever so gently. As he teases with his tongue his other thumb slides up to her clit. Sinking his fingers in her sweet pussy, thumb against her clit, he rotates his hand rubbing her clit and fucking her in a way only his hands can manage.

He can see her legs are starting to tire from shaking so he snakes his free arm around her waist, stabilizing her against the shower wall. He nuzzles into her neck "are you ready? I want to watch you cum so badly. I want to fuck you hard and see you shake."

"Yessssss," she practically hisses. "Fuck me faster. I love your fingers reaching in me. Oh, please. You're so gooood," she gasps. She kisses him roughly in her passion, nibbling at his lower lip. His motion has slowed, at the moment he's crooking his fingers to stroke her G-spot, hovering her at the edge of her orgasm.

At a torturing pace he pulls his fingers out of her, feeling her pussy object, watching her react, eyes wide. "I need you to help me," he whispers in her ear. Gently he grasps one of her hands, pulling it down to her crotch and pressing her fingertips against her hard, throbbing clit.

"Okay, baby," he breathes as he drives his fingers into her again. He pumps his fingers in her gaining speed. "Help me," he implores, watching as her fingers begin to move across her clit, gaining speed with him. Her hand becomes frantic as his fingers plunge quickly in and out of her.

He watches her enjoying him, enjoying herself, becoming so hard that he's almost in pain. "Cum for me, baby. I need to watch you cum. Squeeze me, baby, cum for me, please." At his final plea her body convulses. He feels as if his fingers will be crushed with the force of her orgasm. She screams, eyes snapping open as she grips his shoulders. 

Shaking, she collapses against his body. He's holding her upright, now tenderly running his thumb across her clit, watching her twitch from the stimulation. Supremely gentle, he pulls her in just moments up to renewed arousal. He loves that she's multi-orgasmic. The idea that he can make her cum over and over gets him hard every time.

As soon as she's ready, wet and beginning to churn her hips against him, he directs her to turn around. She does, bracing her hands against the wall and wedging her feet against the sides of the tub. He leans down, pressing against her back, and kisses her. He's ever so slightly unsure; this is something they've not done before.

Sensing his reluctance, she reaches between her legs and directs his stone solid shaft to her entrance. Forgetting her purpose momentarily, she rubs his head across her clit, causing her legs to quiver and runs her drenched lips up and down his erection, humping the length of his cock. Remembering, she pulls his face close to hers, kisses him and whispers "fuck me," as she pushes his head into her entrance.

Now certain, he grabs her hips, slamming into her that much harder. Her forearms press against the wall, sliding up slowly as he rams her. His arousal so strong he can think of nothing now except how exquisitely hot and tight she is around him. She squeezes his cock tightly within her, drawing a moan and a curse from his lips. "God! You're so tight. I can't wait. Cum with me."

She moans with each powerful thrust, pushing hard back against him. He reaches around her to press and rub her clit, enjoying the spasms that start in her thighs and shoot all the way into her pussy, squeezing him tightly. She's panting again. Writhing, braced between his powerful frame and the shower wall.

Leaning down once more, he demands "cum with me."

"Oh, yessss!" Her muscles squeeze down, drawing out his own orgasm. She feels his cock pulsing cum into her, feeling the aftershocks each time his hard shaft twitches.

Breathing hard, he wraps his arms around her stomach, hugging her from behind. He pulls out of her still spasming core and leans her back against the wall. Moving the showerhead he sweetly finishes cleaning her, then cleans off his shaft as well. He helps her from the shower, body still limp from extended arousal and the effort of her orgasms.

Carrying her into the bedroom, he lays her gently on the bed. Smiling sleepily up at him, eyes half closed with satisfaction, she opens her arms. He's climbing into bed with her; they wrap their arms around each other, legs entwined. Falling asleep, the world contracts down to the bubble of heat their bodies create.