 I want to drive this time. I want you to follow my lead. I want you to touch me only when and how I dictate. I do NOT want to hear you say NO to anything I ask. 

So there we are. My place. All quiet, no one around. We have soft background music playing. We have a bottle of Champagne to drink. The lights are dim. I tell you to lie back on the bed. I am wearing a button down blouse and jeans. You are wearing jeans and a flannel shirt. 

I crawl over you, tease you with my hair, brushing your face. I run my hands lightly over your body. I reach my head down your neck and smell of you. I lick your neck, your face, your ears. I kiss you deeply. God, I love to kiss you! I realize you are hard through your pants. I touch you. I can feel your heat. I rub my face over you, through your jeans. Then I jump off the bed. I want you to watch me. 

You take a sip of wine and so do I. I slowly unbutton my blouse. You are watching my every move. Oh! I am not wearing a bra! You love this... I slowly take off my shirt. Now I am standing there in my jeans, topless! I crawl back up to you. I place my breasts in your face. You lick and suck them. You know what I like. You rub, roll and squeeze one while nipping and biting the other. Oh, that gets me off!!! You reach under and undo my belt. You unzip my pants. You ease my pants over my hips and smile when you see the top of my thong underwear. I stop you. I take my pants off all the way and you watch me. You like the way my thongs fit. They are black ones. They fit nice, high on my belly. The triangle of the crotch covers my bush. You can see how full my bush is because the thongs bulge out there. I turn around and let you see my ass. You like it! You are hot hot hot for me. 

I come up and cuddle next to you, on my side, one leg bent and crossed over you. You like this view. The view of my waist flowing to the swell of my hips along the tops of my tight thigh. You run your hands over me, from waist to hip to thigh. I groan. I want you so bad! 

I stop you right there. I want to feel your naked body. I start talking dirty to you. As I'm talking, I'm unbuttoning your shirt. Oh! You are wearing an undershirt. I like that! I take off your shirt. I run my hands over your chest hairs; the ones that are visible above the neck line of your undershirt. I run my hands under your shirt and over your chest. I feel your warm, smooth skin. The soft, curly hair. You feel so good... 

I reach down with one hand and unbuckle your belt. You are so big and hard, I can feel you even at that height! I undo your jeans and reach under to feel you. You are so hot there is a wet spot on your shorts. I rub you over your shorts. You are hot and I so desperately want you! I take your pants off all the way. You lie there, in your undershirt and shorts. I look at you. I really enjoy you in every way. Just looking at you makes another wave of wetness flow from inside me. I move my head down to you. I reach my tongue under your shorts. Oh, you taste good! 

Now we are both almost to the breaking point. I have one mission in mind this night. Much as we enjoy foreplay, sucking and finger fucking, 69 and licking ass, I have something else in mind. I want to make this memorable. I don't give the gift of my pussy lightly. I take the rest of your clothes off and my thongs. I bring my body over yours. I lie there, skin against skin. My breasts are pressed against your chest. Both of us are enjoying this. You enjoy feeling my hard, little titties on your chest. I enjoy the feel of your skin and hair. I can also feel your heat against my belly. 

You are so big! I am wet and so is your head. There is no need to suck it to make it wet. There is no need to finger me to bring out the juices. In fact, as I move up and you look at me, you can see a string of wetness oozing from me. I straddle you. I reach for you to stand you straight. You are hard hard hard. I ease myself over you, placing the head in. I must stop there for a second. I almost cum just feeling your cock in there. I have wanted this for a long, long time. I slowly ease more in. It feels so good! I slid down a little further. I am tight. The feeling of your fullness against my insides is bringing tears to my eyes. I can not believe this is finally happening! I like it going in slow at first. I am so tight, it needs to go in slow. As I ease even further down, I go back up a bit, then down again. You are into this! 

You want to thrust in, but I say, "no!". It's MY way tonight. I keep easing down, sometimes up a little, but down more and more. Finally, you are all in. I must stay just this way for a second. It feels so good!!! Ahhhhh. Now you have me very, very close to cuming. I tell you to feel of my breasts. You do and it drives me crazy. I wiggle and squirm on you, with all of you inside. As I move, I can feel it hitting that spot. You are stimulating my breasts. Holy Shit, I'm cuming!! WOW!! 

You are still rock hard, but I am sensitive for a moment. I am still. I recover quickly and am ready for more. This time, I want you on top of me. I want to feel your body on mine. I want to feel how you fuck. We switch positions, all the while keeping you inside me. Cool. You are on top of me and want to tease me a bit. You know I want you so much and you are hot for me, too. You lean over and kiss me deeply. As we kiss, you move in and out. Slow but with deep thrusts every time. Then you increase the tempo. Now you are over me, straight armed, looking at my face. You are fucking me steady. Steady. Even strokes. I think you are in all the way, but then you thrust really deep and hard and hold it there. I come again, your balls slapping my ass.

You like watching me cum. You like the intense expression that crosses my face. And the After Glow. We fuck for hours this night. Your stamina is amazing. We take all different positions. I get on all fours and you fuck me from behind. While you are fucking me, you reach under and stimulate my clit. I cum again. You have me lie on my stomach with a pillow under my hips and fuck me to orgasm. You have me lie on my side and kneel over me, holding one of my legs up, and fuck me until I cum again. All told, you make me cum 9 times. In 9 different positions. When you were ready to cum, you pump your load all over my face and chest. I licked what I could get. You taste great. The best part of it is the taste of you and me together. I let you taste it, too. What is not licked, I rub all over my chest, breasts and face.

This is not over, you know. We will meet again...