 Adriana and I work together. Since the first day she came to work in my department 5 years ago, I have fantasized and flirted with her. She is married, 33 years old and short at 5'3" tall. She has dark brown hair and a thin, but athletic build. Adriana has a great ass and smallish breasts, probably a 34B. I am single,40 years old, 5'10", with an average build. 

She and I have become very close friends, and we routinely confide in each other. A few months ago, Adriana came to work , and she was visibly bothered. When I asked her what was wrong, she told me her husband Dave was starting up his old habits again, and was being verbally and emotionally abusive to her. She said that Dave has become very controlling and has pretty much alienated her from most of her friends. She also said that his demands that she keep the house spotless at all times is causing her a lot of stress. I told her that I understood where she was coming from and that we would talk about it further over lunch. I gave her a hug and we started our morning tasks.

At lunch, she and I talked about her issues with Dave, and she said that she was lucky to have such a good friend as me to confide in. On numerous occassions I wanted to confess the feelings that I have for her, but I have always chickened out. Today was one of those days.

A few days later it was Friday and Adriana told me that Dave was going to be out of town for the weekend on a sales trip. She said that I should come over to her home after work, so she could cook me a dinner in order to thank me for listening to her and offering a shoulder for her to cry on.

After work I went home and I got into the shower and fantasized about her luscious ass and pretty face. My cock was rock hard as I lathered up, and I began to pull on it to relieve the pressure building in my balls. I masturbated under the hot steamy water of the shower, and the phone rang just as I was nearing my orgasm. Flustered, I got out of the shower, and while dripping wet, I answered the phone. It was Adriana, and she asked me to pick up a bottle of red wine on the way to her place.

I dried off as my cock softened, and I dressed in a nice pair of jeans and a button down shirt. I picked up a nice bottle of red and headed to Adriana's. I knocked and Adriana answered the door. She looked fantastic dressed in a tight pair of black slacks, a red blouse and heels. Her makeup looked natural and perfect and she invited me in, kissing me on the cheek.

I opened the wine and poured us both a glass and we toasted to our good friendship. We made small talk over a delicious dinner of medium rare roast beef, potatoes, green beans and gravy. After we finished, I helped Ade clear the dishes and I poured us another glass of wine.

Ade and I went into the living room where she sat next to me on the couch and we sipped our wine. She mentioned that Dave was still being an ass and a tear started to form in the corner of her eye. I moved closer to her in order to wipe away her tears and as I did so, she leaned in and kissed me. It was a warm, soft kiss that electrified me. I looked into her eyes and we kissed more passionately, our tongues meeting in a frenzy. 

As we kissed and touched each other, Ade started to unbutton my shirt and pulled it off of me. She kissed down my neck and as she got to my left nipple, she took it into her warm mouth and lightly sucked it to hardness. She did the same to the other one as I slid my fingers into her soft brown hair. She looked up and with my finger under her chin, I pulled her up to me and our lips met again in a hot, passionate kiss.

Now it was my turn, and I removed her shirt and bra. Her small breasts stood proud, her bright pink nipples already at attention. As I rolled each one between my thumb and forefinger, Ade moaned and closed her eyes.

Adriana suggested we go to the bedroom and she led me upstairs. Her room was large and so was her bed. We kissed some more and she then pushed me down onto her bed, my legs hanging off the edge. Ade locked her gorgeous brown eyes with mine and with a sly little grin, kicked off her heels and wriggled out of her slacks, standing before me clad only in a white thong.

Ade undid my belt and pulled off my jeans and underwear. My cock was at half mast, and Ade knelt between my legs and put her warm, full red lips to my cock placing a kiss softly on the head. She parted her lips and slowly licked around the head and down my shaft leaving a wet trail of her saliva as she teased me. My cock started to grow to it's full 8 inches as she licked and lightly bit on my shaft. Ade slipped the head of my throbbing cock into her warm, wet mouth and slowly sucked it deeper until I was buried in her throat. Her tongue slipped past her lips and she licked my ball sack as her throat gripped my cock.

Adriana was giving me one of the slowest and best blowjobs of my life, and as I started to near my climax, she stopped and let my quivering cock slip from between her lips. The cool air of the room on my wet cock took away my immediate need to cum.

Adriana crawled up onto the bed and we kissed. My hands wandered down and cupped the firm cheeks of her ass, my fingers gripping into the soft flesh. Ade broke off our kiss and straddled my face. She pulled the damp fabric of her thong aside and I finally got my first look of her pussy. She was totally shaven except for a small, well groomed patch of hair above her bright pink swollen lips. She was glistening with her juices, and she had a light, flowery scent.

Adriana moved her pussy closer to my mouth, and I slipped my tongue between her puffy lips, tasting her dew. It was better than I had imagined, and her taste reminded me of watered down honey.

Adriana had her head thrown back and was moaning softly each time my tongue flicked at her hard clit. I pushed my tongue into her heated pussy as far as I could. I fucked her cunt with my tongue and then sucked on her clit hard. Her breathing quickened and her body started to tense Her hands pulled my head into her as she climaxed, grinding her pussy on my face. Her cum went directly into my mouth and I swallowed all the sweet juice I could. My face and neck were drenched with the excess.

Adriana slid off of my wet face, and her breathing was still shallow and quick. She pulled off her thong and wiped my chin and neck, drying off her juices. She cuddled up next to me, nuzzling my neck as she came down from her orgasm. I breathed in deep, taking in the soft scent of her perfume. Adriana's small,feminine hand found it's way to my still hard cock. She gripped it and tugged at it gently. I watched as her well manicured hand, capped with deep red nails, slid up and down my throbbing cock. I wanted more of her. I kissed her and rolled her onto her back. I spread her legs,and positioned my aching cock at the sodden entrance to her pussy. I slowly pressed the head of my cock past her labia, and Ade said that she hoped I was able to fit inside of her, as Dave was much smaller than me in both length and girth. I eased my cock into her, her recent orgasm making it easier since she was so wet.

When I got my entire length inside of her, she asked me to stay still for a moment as she got used to my size. Ade's pussy was very tight, and very hot. I slowly began to thrust my cock inside of her sweet cunt. As Adriana relaxed, she started to fuck me back, and my pace quickened. Ade wrapped her legs around my ass, and pulled me in deeper. Adriana looked into my eyes and said, "Fuck me! Fill my pussy with your cream!" I obeyed her commands and I thrusted into her hard and deep. I began to feel my orgasm build in my balls, and a few strokes later I erupted, sending ribbons of searing cum into her tight pussy. 

I remained inside of Ade until my cock stopped spasming and as I softened, I slipped out of her cum filled pussy. I layed there next to Ade, a little light headed from my climax. She said that we weren't done yet and she again climbed onto my face and told me to clean up the mess I made. She pushed globs of my cum out of her pussy and into my mouth, and I swallowed. I noticed that the taste wasn't that bad and I greedily ate my cum from her.

When she was satisfied that she was clean, she took my softened cock back into her warm mouth and cleaned me, which also brought life back to my manhood. Ade said she needed more of my big cock inside of her, so I picked her small, light body up off the bed, and as I kissed her, I eased her down onto my hard cock. When I buried myself into her depths again, I pushed her up against the wall and she wrapped her legs around my lower back and her arms around my neck. I fucked her hard as my balls slapped against her ass. I sucked on her hard nipples as I pumped my cock into her. It didn't take Adriana long to orgasm for the second time, and I kept up my pounding of her pussy throughout her climax and she dug her nails into my upper back.

Ade kissed me hard and said that she wanted to ride me. I let her down and I got on the bed. Ade faced away from me as she guided my aching cock back into her swollen pussy. She sat down on it and it went in easily now. As she fucked me reverse cowgirl, Her gorgeous ass was moving up in down in front of me. I reached out and grabbed it, and spread her cheeks. I was able so watch my slick cock disappear into her pussy and then reappear again. Her cunt lips hugged my thick veiny shaft with each stroke.

Adriana's pace was fast and she took all of me into her with each stroke. She reached between us and she rubbed her clit. Adriana started to orgasm again, and the contractions of her orgasm squeezed at my cock, bringing me to my climax. As we came together, she massaged my balls to get every drop of my sperm into her. After our mutual orgasm, Ade climbed off of me, my cum seeping out of her well fucked pussy and down her leg. She scooped up what she could with her slender fingers and licked them clean. She shoved her cum laden tongue into my mouth for another passionate kiss, and then we drifted off to sleep. 

We fucked countless times that weekend, and I finally told her about the feelings that I have for her After Dave returned from his sales trip, Adriana got the balls to tell him off and left him. While she is waiting for the courts to grant her divorce, she is living with me, in my home. Once her divorce is final, we are going to get married and live happily ever after.