 This is part 3 of a series of stories about Adriana. It is recommended that you read the stories in series.

*

As I sit on the patio enjoying a fine beverage, my phone rings.

"Hello?"

"Hi, this is Adriana."

"How are you doing?"

"Im doing fine, but I need to feel your hard cock inside me!"

"Oh really?"

Adriana began to explain that she has enjoyed the experiences with me and my lover, but she had a strong desire to just have sex with me. This is a situation that was definitely not part of our plan and I just didn't know what to think about it. I told Adriana that I felt that I would be cheating on my lover if she was not there. We discussed this in detail and it was left up to me to decide whether or not to tell my lover. The thought of having her body wrapped around mine without having to share was quite exciting.

"Well, I would definitely like to see you but how can we do it discretely?" I asked.

"I am willing to get a room for us across town if you can provide the pleasure and some drinks," she said.

"When? I can be there in a couple of hours."

"Can we meet around 5? There is a small outdoor bar at the hotel and a nice fire pit outside where we can have a drink first."

"I can do that. I will see you there."

Now I am aroused. I have never experience random sex during the day and it felt quite dirty to be doing this without my lover's approval. As the last couple of hours of work slowly disappeared, I struggled to focus on my work but instead had visions of Adriana's slender body wrapped around mine. My hands would run along her gentle curves and my lips would touch hers. I definitely would taste her juices on my tongue and I thought of other things I might wish to do to her. I decided to gather a few things to take with me that would add pleasure to the experience.

Around 5pm, I showed up at the hotel. It had a modern architectural feel and several fire pits outside with couch like seating. I looked around and saw Adriana sitting there with a bottle of Chardonnay already open. I walked over and greeted her with a smile. She stood up and I gave her a quick kiss and then stepped back to look at her body. She was wearing a short black dress that slightly covered her tight muscular ass. She wore no bra under it and her hardened nipples pushed hard against the fabric of her dress. 

We both sat down and I refilled her glass and then poured myself a glass. Two room keys lay near the bottle of wine. Adriana's eyes sparkled in the dim light of the outdoor patio and I could see the flames of the fire reflecting in her eyes. I reached forward with my left hand and began to caress her leg from her knee up to her hem line of her dress. As my hand gently moved up and down her leg, you could see small goose bumps begin to form. She began to breathe faster as her pussy began to tingle in anticipation of the night. I leaned forward and bit her earlobe and allowed my tongue to run around the outside of her ear. I used the tip of my tongue to explore her ear and she moaned slightly. I slipped my hand up her dress slightly and realized she was wearing no panties underneath her dress. My fingers touched the lips of her pussy slightly while we continued to sit by the fire. 

"Lets go to the room," she said.

We grabbed the rest of the wine and headed up to the room. 

When we walked into the room, I grabbed the wine our of her hand and pushed her onto the bed. I couldn't handle it any more and pushed her dress up above the waist. I threw both of her legs over my shoulders and plunged my tongue into her pussy. The tip of my tongue pressed against the hood of her clitoris. I licked the lips on either side of her pussy and then ran my tongue in deep to taste the juices that were forming. I pressed my tongue hard against clit. She was so sensitive that she could feel the roughness of my tongue against her clit. "Oh that feels so good," Adriana said.

I pushed her up the bed further and then grabbed something out of my backpack. I pulled her skirt off of her body and then grabbed 2 silk ribbons which I just pulled out of the backpack. I tied each one around her wrists and then tied the other ends to the headboard of the bed. I also placed a small candle besides the bed and lit it. I began to kiss Adriana's lips and let my tongue explore her mouth. Our tongues danced with each other while our hearts beat harder. My hands touched the silky smooth curves of her body and they moved across her stomach towards her breasts. One of my hands paused on her nipple as she fought the silk restraints. I twisted the nipple between my fingers and then I leaned forward and put the nipple between my teeth. Adriana's back arched with each breath and she was obviously feeling a surge of pleasure from her nipples to her pussy.

She continued to struggle in pleasure under her restraints while my hands explored her curves. If her hands were not restrained, I would imagine her hands would be exploring her clit. I stopped at her pussy and begin to pleasure her clit with my fingers. I used two fingers to massage her clit up and down. "Oh my. I need to cum so bad!" Adriana exclaimed under a labored breath. 

I took both of my fingers and shoved them deep in her pussy and then withdrew slightly to land on her G spot. I massaged the roughness of the skin around the G spot while she twisted under her restraints. The warmth of my fingers and the pressure I was applying within her pussy was causing too much pleasure for her to handle any more. As she began to cum she pulled hard on the restraints because she wanted her hands free to touch my body. Her feet dug into the bed and her waist moved up and down as she began her final stages of control before she came. "Oh God! Oh my God!" she exclaimed.

I watched as she bit her lip and twisted her head back and forth as she came hard. Her body shook under the pressure which was being released. While she was overcome with the feelings she was having, I untied her restraints to let her free. As soon as they were untied, she bounced up and pushed me over. Her hand rubbed against the outside of my crouch which held back my hardened cock. "I want this in my mouth," she said. Adriana took her delicate fingers and undid my pants. She grabbed both sides of the waist and tugged them down my body. Then she removed my black silk boxers which finally allowed some relief from the pressure of my hard cock being trapped in my pants for so long. 

She ran her hands up my legs, across my thighs and then grabbed my shaft with her slender fingers. She was gentle at first but grabbed tighter as she began to stroke my cock up and down. She gazed at me again with those sparkling eyes. She said, "I am looking forward to this" and encircled my cock with her lips. She took most of my cock in her mouth but allowed her index finger and them to form a ring around the lower part of my cock. Every time she went down with her mouth should would stroke her hand up my cock until her lips and fingers met. She would then go down with her hand as she slowly removed her mouth from my cock. Occasionally I would feel her tongue lick my shaft and head but she never stopped stroking my cock. This was driving me crazy and I could feel the cum build up within my shaft. 

"Please stop! You are going to make me cum!" I said as I pushed her off of me. In a slight tease, I threw her down on the bed hard. I slowly pulled her dress off of her body and over her head. As I pressed my body down upon hers, I kissed her hard on the lips. Our passion continued to ignite and I let my hands explore her body. Her body was well toned, silky smooth and glimmered slightly from a lotion she must use on her skin. I reached over and grabbed the candle which was burning. The candle actually melt into a hot massage oil, but she did not know that. Her expectations were obviously that hot wax was about to be dripped onto her. She felt back the potential pain as I began to drop the oil slowly on her body. I spread a small stream of oil from her belly button up to her breasts. As she relaxed from knowing it was not burning hot, it caused sensations to move through her body. I put the candle back and began to massage the oil into her body while adding special focus to her breasts. The warmth of the oil and the movements of my hands caused her pussy to twitch and she began to move her hips back in forth trying to force some pleasure against her clit with her thighs clenched together. My hands felt so wonderful on her young skin! 

Continuing to get aroused, I flipped her onto her stomach to continue the massage of her back. I grabbed the candle and spread the oil from her ass crack up to her shoulders. I stretched my fingers wide and ran them along her back with medium pressure. Slight moans were heard from her as I continued her massage. My cock pressed against the crack of her ass allowing my shaft to stroke across her asshole and a portion of her pussy. I could feel her wetness on my shaft so I began to pleasure myself a bit in that position. 

I just couldn't wait any longer, so I moved my cock into position and thrust it into her pussy. "Oh my. It feels so thick! Fuck me hard!" she exclaimed. 

From behind I could feel her bubbly ass against my crotch with each thrust of my cock. It felt so good to be fucking such a young and beautiful woman! I placed my hands on either side of her waist so I could raise her ass up slightly. This allowed my to fuck her pussy even harder, but it also allowed me to get a little deeper in her tight pussy. As her wetness began to build, I could tell she was close to having an orgasm again. Her breathing began to build and she grasped at the sheets. As she began to cum, I stopped fucking her so she could feel the wave of her orgasm pulse from her body. 

I rose from the bed and moved towards a chair near the edge of the bed. It looked like the perfect place for a hard and deep fuck. I motioned to her with my hand and told her to sit on the chair. She seductively moved onto the chair and wiggled her ass in my face. Without warning, I thrust two fingers into her pussy and caught her off guard. "Ohhhhhh my that feels good!" she said.

I worked my fingers on her G spot while she continued to kneel on the chair. This position gave great access to the sweet spot. I stroked my fingers in and out against her G spot until she began to cum. She grasped the chair tightly and leaned her head against the chair back until she regained her breath.

I told her to get up and get on her back. I grasped her legs and put her ankles on each shoulder. I pulled her cunt towards the edge of the chair and thrust my hard cock deep into her. My hands grasped the back of the chair for additional leverage and I pulled myself towards her with each stroke.

"Oh my God that feels so deep inside me," she said. 

I was able to notice that I could brace one of my legs against the bed for leverage and this allowed me to slam my cock into her body in a way I had never experienced before. Every thrust of my cock caused a moan to escape her lips. Beads of sweat started to drip off of my body as I continue to ravish her body. Her eyes now closed to focus on the pleasures, I wished to see those sparkling eyes once again. I took her ankles from my shoulders and moved them besides her head almost at her ears. This allowed our pelvic areas to press against each other and stimulate her clit as I pounded her pussy harder with each stroke. We could clearly hear our bodies slapping against each other as we fucked.

The cum inside my cock was begging to be released from my body. Her hands held onto my waist as I fucked her pussy. She opened her eyes and told me to cum. As she looked me in the eyes, I released my orgasm into her body. She wrapped her legs around my body and allowed me to collapse onto her. The two of us laid there with our hearts pounding and sweat rolling from our bodies. We began to kiss as her hands moved gently up my back in a stroking motion.

"Care to go downstairs and finish the wine by the fire?" she asked.

"As long as we have the option to come back here," I said. 

"Deal," she said.