 Go to class, review, eat, sleep, repeat. By Wednesday, the last day of classes, I'd covered everything and was serenely confident. My first exam was Friday, then one on Saturday, two on Monday, and the last on Wednesday.

I'd suggested to Wendy that we have dinner around eight, at the top of one of the dorms, a rooftop restaurant more known for its views than its food. 

"Is that okay? It's probably a little pricey."

"No problem. I'd like to treat myself."

Wendy didn't so much walk as dart. Her hair was curly and closely cropped, her rail-thin body boasted a small chest, and she was about a millimeter short of six feet, but with the effect of someone much smaller, elfin. And how she could whistle!

"My dad could break glass with his, and he taught me everything I know. It's in the lips and the placement of your fingers. And your lungs, of course, you have to really blow. I don't usually let it all out, but I gave it a pretty good shot on Sunday."

As a senior, she could afford to be casual about exams, and she was. "Finish exams, grab my worldly possessions, and head for New York City. I've got a job with a steel exporter. I'm sharing an apartment with Helen. You know her, right?"

Did I know Helen? Not in the biblical sense, but twice she'd spent the night with my roommate Pete before I joined the club. Her ecstatic shrieks as they fucked drove me to tears of self-pity both times. At breakfast after the first night she was almost demure, but that was probably because I made a spectacle of myself by staring at the breasts that were only partly obscured by Pete's loose-fitting bathrobe.

"How'd you get that job?"

"Business major. There's still manufacturing going on in America, and steel is one of the biggest. It's a really tough world out there, because there's a lot of demand sometimes, and prices fluctuate. Different grades can be hot one week and nothing the next. You have to turn on a dime and deliver on time.

"I worked the last two summers for a stockbroker, first doing data entry, then actually executing trades. That's intense! I could still do that, but the steel exporter pays more, and there may be some travel in it."

The meal was actually very good. I'd wanted to eat later so I could get shots of the town as dusk crept over it, I was snapping away, looking for good shots from all angles. And I wanted the ones with Wendy in them to be Julia-grade.

It was almost eleven when we got to the apartment. We'd walked side-by-side and she'd hip-bumped me a couple of times, so we skipped the living room and went right to bed.

We kissed, I pulled her ass to my erection and she ground against me. I slid my hands into her slacks and massaged her ass cheeks as she moaned into my mouth and did the same to me. 

We shucked our shoes and I got to her zipper before she was able to get to mine. I knelt and peeled off her slacks and wet panties and was greeted by the lushest bush I'd ever seen. 

Like the hair on her head, it was curly and light brown, but man was it dense! I couldn't even see her pussy lips. Fumbling around, I finally parted the jungle at the right place to reveal two pouty lips already moist with excitement. I sucked them and she shivered.

Shifting to a more comfortable position, I pulled her to my mouth and fluttered my tongue at the top of her opening, seeking her clit. She grabbed my hair and pulled me to her with "ohhh" and "ahhh" and "that's niiiice" for encouragement.

As she started to hump my face, I moved a finger to her asshole, gently touching it. "Oh!" she squealed, startled. I kept on tonguing, fluttering her clit.

But that gets tiring and after a few more minutes I pulled off and stood. "Let's get naked," I puffed, and dropped my pants as she worked my dress shirt off.

She started for her blouse but I stopped her.

"May I? I've never seen you nude, and I want to reveal you, slowly." She dropped her hands to her sides and nodded.

I unbuttoned her blouse and tossed it to my chair, then walked behind her to unclip her bra. As it fell loose, I cupped her breasts and lightly pinched both nipples. "Ohhh."

"Please turn around," I croaked, and, now nude, she was revealed, her arms slack at her sides, her expression expectant.

I gawked, unable to speak for what seemed like a minute. Then I gurgled "you're beautiful" and she smiled, like she'd never heard that compliment before.

Then, unbidden, Wendy sank onto my cock, inhaling it. She took it entirely in, fluttered her throat on the head, then popped off and grinned. "Tastes good. Wonder how it feels?" 

We flopped onto the bed and I moved to her bush, where I quickly started sucking on those lips. My nose bumped into her now fully-aroused clit and she moaned deeply as I switched to sucking it. "Ohhh god, I really like that," she husked and swung her hips around in the same direction as I was moving my mouth.

I was kneading her ass cheeks and still tonguing her clit when she started to erupt. I inserted two fingers into her pussy and stroked, hard. "Oh god, oh goddddddddd, OH GODDDDDD!" she shrieked as she whipped her head around on the pillow in her climax, holding my face against her with her fingertips.

As she subsided, I moved up her side and took her head in my hands, kissing her with pent-up need. She kissed back, wielding her tongue in a sword fight with mine.

She recovered and sought my cock. Even as we kissed, she pulled on it, up and down, jacking me, as I moaned in excitement.

"In you, I should be in you, please," I begged, and rolled between her welcoming thighs. "I want you," she husked, and reached to part the tangle and expose her opening.

As I was entering her, she humped and caught my cock with her pussy lips. Surprised, I paused, and in milliseconds she released me, then humped further and took in more of me, then let me loose, and then I was fully in.

"God Wendy, you are so warm, so wet, so good, it's wonderful," I cooed as I stroked.

"You feel good yourself, c'mon, make me cum again," and she grabbed my shoulders and swung her hips.

On a backstroke I stopped, just the cockhead inside her. "No way! C'mon, keep it inside! I want you FUCKING me!" She hooked her heels in my ass and pulled me in. Our pace quickened as I slammed against her, pushing as hard as I could, going as deep as I could, fucking her.

"So close, so soon, I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna —" I croaked, poundiing harder and harder. My first blast had barely begun when she exploded. 

"Oh god yes, yes, yes, you're cumming, I'm cumming, c'mon, more, I want you! Cum, fucking cum, CUMMMM!" My second, third, and fourth blasts followed, even a feeble fifth before I had to stop.

Soaked in sweat, we collapsed against each other and rolled onto our sides, our faces virtually touching.

"Cutting loose?" I puffed, eventually.

"You bet!" She'd recovered faster than me, so her breathing was closing in on normal. "By Sunday I'm outta here. Papers done and turned in, only two meaningless exams, I've even paid my overdue library fines. Fuck graduation! There is NOTHING keeping me here!" She paused. "Except cock," and she squeezed my deflating member with her pussy muscles.

"Flatterer."

"Well, actually, I've been curious, since word is you're pretty good at eating pussy and you like to get a girl off before you fuck." Her breath was completely back and she propped herself up on one elbow. "Do you know how unusual that is?"

"No, not at all. I can't be the only guy who likes doing it that way."

"Look, guys who don't munch first are more interested in their own satisfaction than mine. There may be three other guys in the club who approach a fuck your way. I know this, for a fact."

"You've, uh, had every guy of the club?" I blundered.

She didn't miss a beat. "All but six since I joined, at the beginning of my sophomore year. Most five, six times. Since I joined, there have been forty-nine guys on the board. My first year four seniors graduated before I got to them. Since then it's gotten easier, turnover's the only impediment. There were two guys I couldn't stand — I had to break dates with each of them twice before they got the message.

"So I know what I'm talking about. I'm not bragging, but I like to fuck. I'm not one of those girls who has to be in control, but I'm no shrinking violet either."

"I noticed."

"Yeah, well, I like being eaten. Now since virtually no guy likes cream pies, I let —"

" 'Cream pies'?"

"Sucking your own cum out of my pussy. You never heard of a cream pie?"

"No," I blushed.

"You need to read more porn.

"Anyway, I give a new guy a chance to eat me at the beginning. I'm clean, smell sweet, there is no reason why he shouldn't want to warm me up before jumping my bones. Every guy who's dived in first has been a superior lover," and she caressed my cheek.

I was really blushing now. 

"No, it's true. You're kind, you care about your lovers. I really don't know why it is, but there's a 100% correlation.

"Hey, c'mon, I'm starting to leak all over the place. And I need to pee. I HATE sleeping on the wet spot," and she jumped up, cupped her pussy, and flitted to the bathroom, with me in her wake.

Two warm wet facecloths later, her bush and thighs were clean, my cock was clean, she'd peed, and she'd gotten me to pee through her legs as she stood in front, directing the stream. I'd barely been able to avoid hosing down the wall.

When I returned after swabbing the bed, I found Wendy sitting up against the headboard, musing.

"I just did something pretty awful, and I want to apologize," she said as I nestled against her.

"What? Nothing that I'm aware of," I puzzled.

"Look, it's really poor etiquette for a girl to discuss her past on the first date. Even in general terms. I apologize."

"That's okay. Actually, you could help me with some of your candor, if you don't mind." She smiled indulgently.

"I'm gonna be working here this summer. Since very few members of the club will be around, I'm gonna have to date outside the club, which has to mean using condoms. 

"But I've never used one. What's it like?"

She let out a long breath. "Okay, yeah, summer is different. You like to fuck, you do it. I'm absolutely scrupulous about condoms. I even carry six in my purse. 

"Bareback, at least for me, is the prime attraction of the club, even more than the guaranteed variety. I like giving blowjobs, but they are lame with a condom. It's like sucking on a rubber glove. And the guy loses a lot of sensation, so I have to work harder. I really like swallowing, unless he's had a steady diet of anchovies, but of course that's impossible with a condom.

"But you don't dare go bareback outside the club without some sort of commitment and getting an STD test first. So I use them. But there are ways to make it sexy.

"I can roll a condom on using my mouth. I'm not a big fan of the taste of latex, but it's kinda fun watching the guy as you do it.

"Fucking using a condom, if it's lubricated anyway, is okay, doesn't make much difference as far as I'm concerned, and it eliminates any wet spot in the bed. That's a real plus.

"Interestingly enough, guys just take it for granted, they expect to have to wear one." She noticed that I was returning to hardness.

"Wanna try one out?"

"Sure, but I don't have any."

"I do," she said spritely, and hopped off the bed. Opening her purse, she extracted a small manila envelope, opened it, and presented a foil square. "Taa-daa!"

Darting back, she extended her hand. "You open it." I gingerly tore the foil.

"This is an unlubricated one. I carry a full range," she said matter-of-factly. "The lube is pretty tasteless, but why bother if I don't have to?" After pointing out the nipple, she popped the condom into her mouth. I was really hard now.

"Okay, lay back," and she lowered her mouth onto my cock. Positioning herself, she moved slowly down the shaft, unrolling the latex until she bottomed out.

This is no blowjob. It feels mechanical, even if her mouth is on my cock and even if I know I'm going to be fucking soon.

"There," she said, popping off. "It's wet, I'm wet, let's do it," and she straddled me, quickly got my cock into her pussy, and began to ride.

THIS was not mechanical. We started slowly, with me fondling her nipples, tweaking one while straining to tongue the other. She gyrated around the tip of my cock, occasionally sliding it all the way in, then coming to the top and squeezing me.

"Oh that is soooo good," I moaned. 

"I could make you cum just like this," she puffed. "But then all I'm getting is fucked, and you're having all the fun. I want to cum too."

I took the hint and, after wetting my thumb and forefinger, went for her clit. It wasn't easy, with all her bush, but I traced up from where my cock was sawing back and forth. 

Her clit was out and she moaned deeply when that thumb-and-finger action started. "On the button, right on the button, yes, like that, bet you never knew that's where that phrase came from, did you, oh yes, that's nice, soooo nice." She danced on the pole and swirled her hips to music only she was hearing.

While I certainly felt her pussy rubbing against my cock, and I did feel her warmth, something was missing. 

Further analysis, though, was pushed aside by my growing excitement, and I started humping against her in rhythm, the different symphonies in our heads now in tune. I was fucking, and it felt good. I had to work to keep my fingers on her clit since she was bouncing so high.

Suddenly, at the top of her stroke, Wendy stopped. "I'm gonna get you, Carl, don't move, I love this," and she started squeezing me. The first three or four times lasted maybe six seconds, but she ratcheted up the pace and within a minute had me right at the edge. While she was stationary, I was furiously working her clit. I knew her orgasm was building by the look on her face.

"Cum for me Wendy, cum for me!" and I thrust hard into her, smashing my fingers into her clit with my pelvis.

"Oooooffff!" I grunted as she suddenly dropped down on me. "Oh I am, I'm cumming, it's there, oh goddddd, so goooood, so goooood!" I grabbed her hips with both hands and pounded her. She gave as good as she got.

My ejaculation was in color. Red bursts, black swirls, blue stars on white background, everything. I heard Wendy wailing her own cumming. She pounded my cock even as its sensitivity became painful.

"God, please Wendy, stop, please stop!" I pulled her hips tight to mine and held her to ease the agony, and mercifully she slowed, then stopped, and fell onto my heaving chest.

The involuntarily spasm of my cock set her off again! "Good god, yes, god, god, yes," and she bucked once or twice, upping my agony. But then she settled again on my chest.

Her chin rested on my shoulder as we struggled for oxygen. My cock slid out, carrying the condom with it. "Let it go," she said, "it'll make a mess, but we can clean it up later," and she snuggled. I played with her hair and we dozed, then slept.

When I woke, Wendy was curled, with her back to me. I saw over her shoulder that it was nearly three. The condom was between my legs, oozing cum into a cold, wet puddle that was under one of my ass cheeks. 

I tried scooping the cum into the condom, but that was like trying to put toothpaste back in the tube. I gave up and headed for the bathroom, peed, and flushed the condom. With a wet warm cloth, I tiptoed back to bed.

After successfully cleaning the sheets, I rinsed the cloth and padded silently back to the room. Wendy shifted position. "Fuck me again, please," she murmured. She's having a dream, it's not me.

The laptop was cold on my crotch. Quickly downloading the photos, I skipped through the seventy or so shots, looking for her.

There were two that really were Julia-grade. The best one had her with a fork in her mouth, a very endearing expression on her face. The second one, a very slight profile, had caught her laughing at something, leaning forward in an earnest way to make a point. I cropped them both, put photo-quality paper in the printer, and teed them up for the morning.

She stirred as I pulled the sheet over us. "Hi."

"You too hi. Bathroom," I explained.

"Yeah, I should too," and she flitted out of the bed. Just then I heard the toilet flush. Pete! Or somebody who's sleeping with him.

"Hi Pete."

"Hi Wendy, how's it goin'?"

"Really nice." 

I was propped up against the headboard, my pillow behind me, when she returned. She spread out on the bed and put her head in my lap. My cock stirred and she patted it. 

"How'd it feel?" she asked.

"I forgot about it when we were fucking. But when you rolled it on, it wasn't particularly exciting. Maybe later."

"Yeah, you were thinking too much. When you're right on the edge, rolling it on that way is really erotic."

"How does it feel for you?"

"Not much different, really. The latex is thin enough that I can feel your warmth, and when I rippled you" — she leered — "I felt you just fine.

"The nice thing about condoms is that there is no mess in bed. One of the things I like about bareback is that you can linger in me as you get soft, then slide out. But with a condom you should pull out while you're at least slightly hard, so it doesn't get stuck inside me. And YOU have to take charge of disposing of it. Tissues, wastebasket, something has to be available for disposal. Like I said, I hate sleeping in the wet spot." I was embarrassed.

"You wanna sleep in?"

"I'd like to, but I really can't. My exams don't matter, I'll get a B in each class, no matter what I get the degree. I'm antsy, so thank you, but I can't."

I stroked her face, then leaned to kiss her. "Well, okay, maybe till nine, then I've got to go."

She took my cock in her mouth and worked it slowly to firm, not hard, when I stopped her. 

"You've got me going, Wendy, but I want to eat you first. Please." This is going to be her last in-club fuck and I want to make it memorable.

"Okay," and with a smile she opened her legs for me. As I buried my face in her bush, I thought about how to do this with fireworks.

I started by working her pussy lips, one at a time, alternately sucking and tonguing. Soon she was moaning encouragement as she brought her thighs together, not clamping, just urging me to stay. 

When I slipped a wet finger into her pussy, she humped slightly and moaned again, so I brought my second finger inside and fluttered them. "Oh yeah, that's so nice, move around, like that, oh yesssss."

I attacked from a different angle and again she spiked. "Yesssss! God yes, do that again!"

As I was flickering inside her, she erupted in an orgasm. "God yes! Yes! Yes! Oh god yesssssssss! I'm cumming! Oh god! Oh god!" and her thighs grabbed my head.

She bounced up and down, taking my head and torso with her, writhing in her orgasm. She held my shoulders tight and clamped my face to her pussy with those thighs. Again and again she swirled herself against me. My tongue, my fingers, everything were in furious action.

*

"Are you okay? Please Carl, talk to me, Carl, please."

I was on my back with a very worried Wendy bent over me. "Oh thank god you're okay! I'm sorry, I apologize, I'm so sorry."

"What happened?"

"I think you blacked out." I blinked.

"You were eating me to this end-of-the-world orgasm when, all of a sudden, you went limp. Here, tell me how many fingers I'm holding up"

"Three."

"Good! Oh god, I am so relieved."

I drifted for a few minutes. When I opened my eyes, Wendy was beside me, stroking my cheek and kissing my forehead.

"Wow," I said, feeling better. "You do this to all the boys?"

"Smartass," and she smacked my shoulder. "No, not even close. You gave me the most incredible orgasm. I really got carried away." She kissed me.
