 When you wake up at 4:30 a.m. with an erection and a softly snoring girl in your bed, your mind naturally turns to sex. The moonlight exposed the rise and fall of her t-shirted chest and, as it only covered a small part of her ass, sex wasn't out of the question.

Kissing her bed-warm ass cheeks was the beginning. As I moved down, into the valley between her legs, the top one shifted a little bit, allowing me more access. Whether it was unconscious or she was waking up I didn't know, but I moved deeper, kissing and stroking her.

"Ummmm," Jen moaned. Kiss. 

"Wassa time?" Another kiss.

"Why, you gotta date?" Kiss once more.

"Unh? Oh, no, I guess not." Kiss, then lick.

"Good. We can stay here." Kiss, trace finger over hip.

"That's nice. You wanna play?" The finger entered her.

"Yes. I want you by moonlight."

She was alert now. "I've never been had by moonlight."

"So we'll achieve two firsts: doggie style, and by the light of the moon." I rose on my knees and pulled her into position. She leaned forward on her elbows.

"Can we take off your shirt?"

"Why?"

" 'Cause I wanna see your breasts sway in the moonlight." 

She reached back, grabbed the shirttail, and in one motion had it off. I opened her legs and crept between them, my stiffness poking her. "Oh you're hard already," she husked.

"And you're pretty turned on yourself," I said, since my arm was wrapped around her waist and my finger was inside her. She wiggled her ass against me and flipped her hair to one side.

"Guide me in, Jen," She slicked her fingers and reached between her legs, found my cock, then fumbled through the hair until she had me at the right place. I pushed forward and, two thrusts later, I was surrounded.

I thrust, then pulled back. She clamped her legs tight. "Don't y'all dare pull out!" she barked. "It feels so big there." I pushed in. "Oh yes, that's better, that's nice, so nice."

I started a slow rhythm, holding her cheeks for balance. As I moved in, Jen pushed buck. I slowed and reached for her clit. "Oh ye-a-a-a-a-h," she coo-ed as I stroked her hard nub. I was getting pretty excited myself

"Jen, I'm gonna cum soon."

"Can you hold off? Slow down, stop, don't cum now, I'm having too much fun here." I held still while she moved forward. When she had just my cockhead inside, she slowly rotated her hips. I began stroking her clit.

"Yeah, that's it, don't pinch me," she whispered. "Do it in circles." I followed her instruction.

"Oh god that's really good. Now, press you finger tight, there, yessssssss, that's s-o-o-o-o-o good, god yessssss." She pushed back a little, then dropped her head to the pillow so that my cock was pressing upward into her.

"Now push in, yea-a-a-a-h, not too far, now back out, oh god yeah, now circle my clit again, softly. No not that soft, harder, yeah, that's good, so g-o-o-o-d." I was getting really excited.

"Jen, I'm gonna cum soon," I whispered.

"I'm close. Please hold off, please. Just play with my cli — oh god yesssssss! Oh god, do it now! I can feel you, cum in me, god Jake it's so damn good, so fuckin' good!" and she slammed back, again and again. I held her tight as I gushed my spurts into her writhing pussy.

Exhausted, we collapsed in a heap. My face ended up beside the back of her head as I tried to maintain consciousness.

*

The sunlight streaming through the window, and the smell of coffee coming through the open bedroom door, woke me up. I needed the toilet and to wash myself.

I emerged to be met by this naked long-haired goddess, whose hair was draped across one breast, mostly obscuring her pussy, though since everything was jet black it was tough to tell.

"Want some coffee?"

"Don't drink the stuff. I'll make tea, or maybe have a Sprite." We adjourned to the couch and she sat in my lap, her coffee and my Sprite-in-a-glass on the table. 

"I didn't hear you get up."

"Y'all were dead to the world. I didn't want to wake you. I figured when I flushed the toilet you'd get up, but you didn't move. I really like being naked in the kitchen in the morning," she said, oh-so-matter-of-factly. "And last night was spectacular."

"You mean last night-last night or last night-this morning?"

"Oh yeah, this morning. God, that was the most wonderful way to be woke up."

Among the things we'd bought at the late-night supermarket before going to bed were the ingredients for a large omelet. She'd never heard of bagels, so when the two I'd taken from the frozen four-pack and left out overnight to thaw were toasted and smeared with cream cheese, she pronounced them delicious.

As we were piling the dishes in the sink, I brought up our yesterday morning so long ago.

"You asked me what I did with a girl who'd stayed overnight, remember?"

"Not really. So much has happened since then, I've forgotten. Tell me."

"I said if it was a weekend, probably what we'd do is take a shower and go back to bed and fuck each other's brains out."

"Oh yeah, now I remember," she said, coquettishly batting her eyes.

"Well, I've changed my mind." She looked stricken.

"We're going to do it NOW and we're gonna do it HERE." She squealed as I pulled her to me. We jammed our faces into each other and she pushed her pussy against my rapidly-hardening cock.

When we broke for air, I spun her around and had her lean against the counter. "Spread 'em, lover," I said, and she opened her thighs. I reached for her moist pussy, then circled her lips and clit as she moaned in encouragement and humped against me.

"Y'all're lookin' for love in all the right places," she husked through her hair. While working her clit and pussy, I slobbed the fingers of my other hand to wet my cockhead, then moved in. The usual fumbling ensued, but I got there.

"Oh yeah, umpff, that's nice, more, push it in, there, you've got it," she instructed as she adjusted to take me completely inside.

The thrusting and playing got her going far faster than I'd expected, so when she stiffened and hissed her orgasm I wasn't even close to cumming. When she slumped forward I had to grab her to avoid a head-first crash to the floor. 

"Oh no you don't, we're not done yet. C'mon." I scooped her up, planted myself on the couch, and sat her in my lap, facing me. Only my stiff cock was between us.

"You're still hard. Don't you ever get enough?"

"Not of you. C'mon, mount up." Her eyes widened when she realized what I had in mind.

"Damn that's good," she said throatily, sliding onto me. 

"Now I have the best of all worlds. I'm in you, I can kiss you anytime I want, and these are right here." I tweaked a nipple. "And I can play with you," and I brushed my thumb across her clit.

"Sounds pretty one-sided. What do I get out of this?" She started to ride me.

"You mean aside from getting fucked on a sunny Sunday morning, after losing your bagel virginity?" I thrust upward. She grinned and lifted her ass up, dropped it down, and wiggled.

"Yeah, what's in it for me?" She swung her hips.

"You've got my cock inside you, isn't that enough?" 

"Stupid boys, think only they can have fun," and she tweaked my left nipple. It didn't really hurt, but the electric shock that went through me must have shown on my face. It certainly brought another thrust of my hips.

"Ooo-o-o-o-o, another erogenous zone."

"From the Greek, eros, meaning —"

She shut me by tweaking the nipple again, hard. "Owwww! That hurt!"

"Then stop bein' an ass," she said. "Y'all're here to fuck me." We thrust against each other a couple of times. As she bounced, she threw her head back, swishing her hair across my face and wrapping it around her head.

"Where'd we put the scrunchies? I can't see if y'all're having a good time." She leapt off, ran into the bedroom, and was still forming her hair into an abbreviated pony tail with them when she re-mounted. 

In self-defense, I began working her clit. Jen leaned forward and bracketed me with her arms against the back of the couch.

"Now y'all're gonna get fucked," which was not so much an announcement of her intentions as a statement of fact. She worked her pussy on my cock with even greater vigor.

The sweat was running off us as we lap danced. I was playing with her breasts, holding them, enjoying the jiggling. We were good together.

I was just about to announce my impending orgasm when she barked out hers. "Oh god, oh god, ohgodohgodohgod oh g-o-d-d-d-d-d-d!" She gave a final twist of her hips, rose up, then dropped down, slamming her chest into me, then slumping forward. I shoved my cock deeper and came into her limp body, the explosion of ecstasy taking complete charge, and I took her along as I collapsed against the couch's back.

We were pasted together when I recovered. I kissed her neck softly as we both returned to the world.

"I am a slut for sex."

That unnerved me. "Don't be a drama queen," I croaked. "You are one really hot Yalie, with a sex drive that would get you arrested on an interstate highway, that's for sure. But you've only been fucked what, five, six times? And you haven't even been an ex-virgin for 24 hours. 

"You can't become a slut until you've willingly had twenty or thirty guys, whose names you didn't even bother to ask, at least three of who were at the same time, and the entire show has been posted on YouTube with 10,000 hits in the past week. Then you can claim slutdom."

"Y'all're making that up."

"Maybe a tiny bit. But I don't like hearing you use that word to describe yourself." I was on a roll now. "Yesterday you asked me if you were good in bed. I think I said we'd find out. Well, we're finding out. You're really good at this, you make me very happy, and I think you get a lot out of it as well. That's not slutdom, that's — well, it's a lot about love. And," I hurried, "it's what good sex is. You like it and you want more."

"I love seeing your eyes when you cum." She kissed me.

"Don't change the subject. Can't you accept a compliment graciously?" 

"You're right, I'm sorry. Thank you. Oh look, you've got a nice little pool of everything, right there in your lap."

"Want some?" I dipped my finger in the pool and offered it to her. She sucked it into her mouth, ran her tongue all over, then pulled off with a pop.

"I'm gonna clean you off," she said, and without asking permission ducked into my lap. She did an excellent job.

"Kiss me, you fool," I said as she finished, and we locked lips. When we broke for air, we cuddled, leaning against the back of the couch, breathing together.

"Shower, Jen."

"Don't wanna. Do I hafta?"

I cupped my hand to protect the couch and hobbled to the bathroom. Jen appeared, sans scrunchies, with four bottles. "Shampoo, rinse, conditioner, de-tangler," she answered my questioning expression, lining them up on the counter.

"Can I help?"

Over the next 10 minutes I got an abbreviated course in female hair maintenance, Jen-style. Her hair, she said proudly, is finer than European hair, and shinier. She has to do more work to achieve the right look than do the other long-haired girls in her dorm. 

"It's an aesthetic," she said seriously. "The European girls can take more shortcuts than I can. The ones with short hair really have it easy. I wouldn't change places with any of them, but having to share a bathroom with five girls who don't appreciate what I have to go through ain't easy."

As we were drying each other, Jen looked at the sodden bandages on my cheek and ear. "Oh yeah, I forgot. I've got the tape and gauze. Would you do something for me?"

"Sure. I can change the bandages."

"Well, that too. But I'd really like to get some good pictures of the stitches." She gently pulled off the tape and winced at what she saw. 

"He cut you real bad, didn't he?"

"The first time I saw it, I thought I looked like Frankenstein's monster."

"Or the laces on an old-time basketball."

She took several photos of my cheek. When we pulled them up on my computer, we found she'd gotten the framing pretty good but neither of us liked the lighting. Her next shots satisfied us both, so she took a bunch of my notched ear, which were fine the first time.

"Sow's ear," she snarked.

"Silk purse."

By the time we were done, her hair had mostly dried and it was time to comb it out. "Combing and brushing take more time than washing. Start at the bottom, go carefully. If you find a snag, work it slow, don't pull it." We must have worked for 20 minutes, with her sitting cross-legged on the bed, her ass snuggled in my crotch.

When she pronounced herself satisfied, I laid her down on the bed and began to nuzzle her. "Carl, can I enjoy my hair for a while? Isn't there something else we can do?"

"Actually, there is," I said.

"What?"

"Well, it's kinda, uh, personal."

"We've been 'kinda personal' for 24 hours. Out with it," she ordered.

"I'd like to trim you."

Her eyes flashed and her nostrils flared. "You are not touching my hair. No way." 

"No. Your bush."

She sucked in a sharp breath and blushed, deeply. "Is there something wrong? Am I ugly? Do I smell?"

"Oh no, no — oh god no, not at all. I love your smell and your taste," I leered, and her blush deepened. "It's just that there's so much hair there. I love the hair on your head," and I stroked through it, "but when I eat you, or try to get in you, there's so much in the way. I'd like to thin it out. That's why I bought the mirror last night, so you can see and decide what to do."

I fetched a towel and retrieved the long-handled mirror and my barber scissors from my dresser. "Hang your legs over the end of the bed."

She settled into position and I handed her the mirror. "Your pussy is so beautiful," I said, gently parting the hair. "When I start to eat you, I can't get enough of your smell, but I have trouble finding your lips and clit." I moved my fingers into the undergrowth and showed her how dense it was. 

"What I'd like to do is trim everything back, so that your bush's not so massive. Okay?"

As usual, Jen surprised me. "I've been thinking about doin' this, but I've never felt comfortable asking any of the girls to help me. And since no one's been, uh, hanging around down there, I didn't know what needed to be done. In fact, since it's so much into my groin, I've been embarrassed to put on a bathing suit. Can we do that too?"

"I'd love to. Can I take some pictures?"

"For publication?" I couldn't tell if she was serious or not.

"Small circulation art magazines, anonymous web sites," I countered. She actually looked scared. "No, no, before-and-after. We won't show your face. And they're only for us. I'll put them on a thumb drive and you can keep them."

"Just crotch shots, promise?" She was grinning now.

"Promise."

It took some time to get the lighting right, but the results told the story. We did standups (below the shoulders), closeups, left side, right side, even from behind with her bending forward.

"Okay, now let's barber."

She took it very seriously. I wanted to be able to dive in without having to guess where I was, but Jen had an aesthetic opinion about how she wanted to look. When we took a break after what she called "clear cutting,"I shot another round of photos.

We trimmed and thinned some more. She pronounced herself satisfied but was undecided about whether to have a firm line across the top of her mons or to just leave it alone.

"What difference does it make? I don't obsess about mine."

"Yeah, but you're just a boy. I think I'm gonna leave it alone, less maintenance."

She wanted to shave into the V of both legs. "It'll be maintenance, but I'm gonna like it, I think." I felt like a real barber, using the hot towel and lathering her, then working carefully with my razor. After applying some baby oil, we took a final round of photos. 

"I look really good, don't I?" 

"Good enough to eat," I said, smacking my lips.

"Quick shower, lover boy, y'all don't want hair in your teeth." We swept everything onto the towel and flushed them. In the shower I lavished her pussy with soapsuds and she did an excellent job on my cock — in fact, on every part of me. Fortunately, the hot water didn't run out.

We dried off leisurely, no longer in immediate heat for each other, but hardly indifferent. She examined her new configuration.

"This really looks good. Wanna take it for a test drive?"

I sprang to full attention.

Her "new" pussy was a delight. The purpose was to improve access and looks, but while w=she was hardly bare, the neatly trimmed, curly fur around her dark red lips enhanced the view of the crinkly skin. 

As I settled between her legs and swiped my tongue up the full length of her slit, she lifted up onto her elbows.

"Lick me here," she pointed to an area near where we'd shaved. I complied, and she sighed.

"Kiss it, harder, please, use suction."

I kissed again. "Yeah. Now the other side."

As I alternated between the two spots, her breathing gradually got shallower and she eased herself back onto the bed.

"Now my clit, just a kiss.

"Now back.

"Oh that's good, Now my clit, again.

"Go down, all the way to the bottom, with your finger, just slightly inside me." I moved in.

"Oh god yes, that's good, so good. Just do that for a while." 

Once I had a rhythm that she seemed to like, I snuck a look. Her lids had drooped and she was working her left nipple while her right arm lay across her belly. Twice she licked her lips.

"Now, just a little, pinch the lip. 

"Unngh, no, that's too hard, do it again, softer. Yeah, that's better. Now the other one. Oh yeah, that's good.

"Now back inside, just a little.

"Now the clit, harder, please."

I pushed it hard to one side, which brought her hips up slightly. 

"Play with it, run around it, now go back in, yes, oh yeah, that's so nice, back and forth, so g-o-o-o-o-o-d."

Her legs began to tense.

"Now Carl, go down on me, use your tongue, do me with your tongue, make me cum."

Her aroma filled my lungs as I worked her lips. I cupped her ass cheeks and ran my fingers across that soft flesh, close to her rosebud.

"Oh yes, keep doing me, use your fingers, your mouth, inside me now, oh god that's s-o-o-o-o-o good." I felt her jerking what had to be her left nipple. Then she stiffened.

"I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna cum — oh g — yessssssss!" It was a hiss more than a cry as she shoved her pussy hard against my face.

I was working the lips with my tongue when it hit. As the orgasm rolled over her, I moved slowly to her clit, then back. When she settled onto the mattress I slowed, then stopped. I felt her hand on my head, stroking softly. I kissed her clit and she jumped.

"No, I'm done, please, no more, please."

I settled against her shoulder and kissed her neck. She moaned softly and cradled me, stroking my face. We lay there peacefully, and she dozed.

Did you just get a lesson from the Female Masturbation Champ of Jefferson County, Arkansas, in how to eat pussy? Or, at least, in how to eat her pussy? Yes you did.

As she woke she stretched like a cat. "Y'all're good, Carl," she said. "I couldn't have done better myself."

"I wish I'd known what to expect, I'd have taken notes."

"I'm gonna become a better masturbator now that I have clear access to my pussy." I blushed at her candor.

"Sure you will. But you also know about the alternative. A-a-a-a-n-d, speaking of alternatives, how about a naked lunch?" Not a bad idea, since it was closer to three o'clock than two.

Roast beef on whole wheat doesn't sound erotic, but it gave me an opportunity to paint Jen's nipples with mayonnaise. Unfamiliar with the medium, I made a mess of it and she demanded that I clean it up. Which I did, with my tongue, lapping everything squeaky clean. We got pretty excited and scampered to the bedroom.
