 Foreword: This is a work of fiction. None of the people in this story are real. None of these events ever happened. This story is nothing more than words that came from my imagination. Any similarity to any real people, places, or events is purely coincidental. 

Operators of erotic story web sites, whether free or fee-based, have my permission to post my stories for public reading, provided that credit is given to "Hungry Guy" as the author, and as long as you don't make changes other than fixing typos. Even beware of fixing typos, for I occasionally use local slang and dialects that may be flagged by your spell checker. Thanks.

###

The dorms were quiet for a Friday night. But then, everyone was downtown drinking except for the geeks. Wendell was at his desk diligently studying for his biology exam on Monday. 

Wendell's roommate, Tom, chose that particular moment to come in, throw his books down, and flop back on his bed. 

"Hi, Tom. Tough class?"

"Yeah, I'm beat."

"So you staying in tonight?"

"What? You kidding? A bunch of us are going downtown in a little bit. Why don't you come with us? Friday night is no time to have your nose in a book."

"I don't know, Tom. I got a big test on Monday."

"C'mon dude, you got all weekend to study. It'll do your mind some good to get out and have some fun before you hit the books."

Tom was always asking him to come downtown Friday night, and Wendell sometimes felt guilty that he always had something serious to do, either a test, paper, or project coming up. 

"Okay," Wendell said, "next week is pretty light -- just that one test on Monday. I can go down to the library tomorrow and Sunday. I guess I can go with you guys."

"Great!" Tom sat up in his bed. "Let's go." 

Wendell followed Tom down stairs and out in front of Friedman Hall. Gary, Larry, and Bob were waiting there. 

"Hey, Wendell!" Larry called out. "Coming downtown with us?"

"Sure, why not?" Wendell asked back. 

A moment later, they were walking across the quad, past the Commons, and onto the street. It was several blocks to Nobody's Inn, and it was pretty packed when they got there. 

They crowded in the pack of people waiting at the bar and eventually ordered their beers and then headed across the room to a less crowded corner. 

"Hey Gary," Larry said pointing to a cute blonde in black spandex and a halter-top, "there's that girl again. Ask her for a blow job again."

"I don't know man," Gary answered. "The way she screeched last time."

They both laughed. 

"You guys ask girls for blow jobs?" Wendell asked.

"Yeah," Tom said. "None of us ever got one that way, though." 

"C'mon Gary," Larry persisted. "Go and ask her again. I want to hear her scream again."

This time, Gary headed off in the girl's direction. Wendell watched as he walked up to her and said something to her. She yelped and Gary hurried back to the group of guys bent over in laughter.

Gary smacked Larry on the shoulder and said, "Okay, dude, now you gotta go ask, uhm..." Gary looked around the crowded bar for a few moments and pointed at a cute girl with short black hair and glasses, "that girl in glasses if you can eat her pussy."

Larry headed off, over to the girl. Wendell watched as he said something to her. She kicked him in the shins and walked away. Like Gary, Larry walked back to the group of guys doubled over with laughter, and a slight limp.

"Hey Wendell, pick out a girl for your roommate to ask something," Bon said with a laugh.

Wendell shrugged and looked around. He noticed Kathy standing alone by the food window waiting for a pizza or something. He had asked her out a few weeks ago, and she had turned him down saying that she had to walk her dog. 

Pointing to Kathy, Wendell said to Tom, "See that girl in the short black leather skirt and ultra-tight white sweater?"

"Yeah," Tom answered. 

"Ooooh," the other guys all said together, "good one, Wendell!"

"Go ask her?"

"Ask her what?" he laughed.

"Hmm," Wendell paused, "ask her if you can suck her tits."

"No problem," Tom said and headed off to the girl.

Again, Wendell watched as Tom approached her, said something to her, she slapped him, and he returned to the group laughing. 

When Tom returned, they all asked him what she said to him.

"She just told me to fuck off. Now it's your turn Wendell."

"Yeah, I figured." Wendell knew that he'd be expected to do it too, but it felt good to be included with the guys, even if it was a stupid sophomoric game. "I'm ready."

Tom looked around for a moment and pointed off in another direction. "See that black girl over there?"

"Yeah," Wendell answered.

"Ask her if you can eat her pussy?"

"Sure," Wendell answered.

Wendell thought about just saying, "Hi," and returning to the group, but they'd probably know that he didn't say it if she didn't react. She was with two other friends, and he walked up to the black amazon in red spandex pants, pink tank top, and long hair all in braids. 

"Hi," he said to her as he walked up to her.

"Yeah! What you want?" she asked back.

"Uhm, my friends are daring each other to say stuff to women. I just want to ask you something stupid, then I'll leave you alone. Promise."

"What you want to ask?" she asked.

"Can I eat your pussy?"

Her two friends laughed when he said that. He had turned and started to head back to his friends when she grabbed his arm and said, "Sure."

"What?" he asked after he spun around to her again.

"Yeah, you can eat my pussy."

"What? It was just a joke. You really want me to?"

"Yeah."

"Uhm, okay. Where?" he asked.

She grabbed him by the arm, said, "See ya later sista's," and walked him to the door. He quickly looked behind him at his friends, and they were all standing there, jaws dropped as this black amazon lead him through the bar. 

He looked back at the guys one again just as she led him out the door, and they all give him the thumbs up.

Once outside, he asked again, "Were?" 

"I live jus down the street from here," she said. 

"Okay," Wendell said. "Anyway, I'm Wendell."

"Lovelace," she said.

"Really? Pretty name."

"Thanks." 

Still holding his arm tightly, she led him down the street a few blocks and entered a door between two stores that led to stairs up to apartments above.

Upon entering her apartment, she immediately pushed him onto the sofa, then sat on his lap facing him, her legs straddling his. 

Wendell swallowed as he stared up into her black face, protruding jaw, thick puffy lips, and glaring white eyes. 

"Whats'a matter?" she scowled. "Ain't never had brown sugar befo'?"

"Well, no, but that's not it."

"What is it then?" 

"Nothing really, the guys and I were just kidding around, daring each other to ask women stuff like that. I never expected anyone to say 'yes.' You really want me to eat your pussy?"

"Yeah, brothers don't do that shit, and I want to know what it's like."

"I see," Wendell said slowly, paused, then said, "I can't eat your pussy like this."

"You can kiss me first," she said. "I ain't gonna bite."

Wendell leaned forward while Lovelace bent down to touch lips. In a moment, their tongues were wrestling furiously.

After a few moments, she pulled her pink tank top up over her head letting her boobs fall out. Lovelace pushed him down onto his back on the sofa and fell on top of him, shoving one of her black nipples up against his mouth. Lying on his back with Lovelace on top of him, he sucked her nipple into his mouth, squeezed it between his lips, and flicked it with his tongue. Although her nipple was hard already, Lovelace moaned as he felt her nipple slowly growing in his mouth as he sucked and flicked it. 

After a while, she lifted her chest up and switched nipples, pressing the other one firmly onto his mouth. 

She continued to moan as he continued to suck and flick her other nipple. 

Then, she sat up and climbed off him. 

Wendell started to sit up, but Lovelace put her hand on his shoulder saying, "You ain't going nowhere, sugar."

She kicked her shoes off, peeled her red spandex pants off, then pulled her black panties down. 

Wendell gasped when he saw the size of that muff. It was like a veritable forest of fuzz hanging between her legs that he couldn't even see her pussy crack, and went almost up to her navel, spreading across half her belly.

Without a moment's hesitation, Lovelace stepped up to his head and swing a leg over his face, placing her right knee on his right shoulder. Her hairy muff and deep black ass crack hovered over his face as she lifted her left knee and planted it on his left shoulder. 

He sucked in a quick breath as she dropped her ass onto his face with a "smack." Her thick muff hair seemed to fill his mouth as his nose was buried in that dark clammy ass crack. He felt his nose forcing its way up her asshole as she settled her weight on his face.

Though her ankles pressed against his ears, he heard, "Okay, white boy, get to work! Make me come wit' your mouth!"

Wendell immediately began his task. Though he couldn't breathe, he began licking up and down her slit. Her muff hair tickled his tongue, but he could taste her wetness growing ever wetter as he licked up and down. 

After a moment, he had found her pussy hole and was fucking her with his tongue. 

As he licked, Lovelace moaned, "Oh! Oh! Oh yes!"

His lungs were beginning to strain for air, but she was sitting in his face with her full weight. He tried to motion with his hands for her to lift up, but she just grabbed his wrists in an iron grip. 

She was sitting too far forward with her pussy hole over his mouth. If he couldn't get to her clit, he wouldn't be able to make her come. 

As she was facing his feet, he poked his tongue downward toward where her clit should be. Fortunately, she slid backward a fraction of an inch, putting her clit right above his mouth. It was none too soon, for his lungs were screaming in pain for air. 

He immediately began sucking her clit between his lips, drawing the nub into his mouth with what little suction he could muster. He swirled his tongue up and down over it, and swirled it around and around with his tongue. He prodded the tiny opening of her pee-hole just behind her clit with his tongue, and that finally set her off.

Lovelace screamed, "Oh! Oh! Oh yes! Oh God! Oh God!" and began bouncing and quaking on his face. He continued to flick her clit, causing her body to throb with each motion of his tongue until she finally fell forward, gasping for breath as feverishly as he had started to do. 

After they had both caught their breaths, Lovelace climbed off, and climbed on him facing him. 

Face to face, she said, "That was! Wow!"

"I'm glad you liked it," he answered.

Again, she lowered her mouth to his, and, with her laying on top of him again, they started kissing as they had done before.

They spent some time swapping spit before she sat up on him and then grabbed his shirt and pulled it up over his head.

Then she turned around on him and sat her ass on his chest and pulled his shorts and Jockeys down and off. His cock had been hard ever since he left the bar with her, and he was so close to coming that he felt that he was going to explode any second. 

Lovelace fell forward on top of him shoving her crotch into his face. As he lay there looking up at the ceiling through her ass crack, she grabbed his cock and plunged it into her mouth.

Being on the verge, that was all it took for his body to start quaking as he pumped wad after wad of cum into her mouth. She slid her lips up and down his shaft to his rhythm talking all his cum into her mouth.

Finally spent, she slid her lips off his cock and rested her head on his crotch. 

"So, d'jyou like that?" she asked.

"Oh yeah!" he answered. "I loved it!" 

She sat up and faced him again, sitting and straddling his chest looking down at him.

Next she backed up and straddling his hips. She grabbed his limp cock and asked, "What's this shit? We ain't done yet!" 

"I can't come so soon again."

"Okay, then maybe later," she said.

"Later?" he asked.

"Yeah. Later. You staying the night, ain't ya?"

"Yeah, sure, if you want me to."

"Sho I want you to. Shee-it! I want mo' of that oral shit!"

The thought of his exam on Monday briefly passed through his consciousness before he said, "I'll stay until classes start on Monday if you really want me to." He figured, he has good grades, what's one blown exam?

Lovelace climbed off him, grabbed his hands, pulled him up, and led him into the bedroom.

- END -