 My name is Jim Doogan. A few years ago, while I was still in my late twenties I had a sales job at a midwest manufacturing company. Our office was small with only six employees.

Liz our receptionist, also served as a switchboard operator, typist and secretary. Liz was in her late thirties or early forties. 

Liz was an attractive woman rather tall and beautifuly built with long black hair and beautiful purple eyes. 

Despite the severe businesslike clothes that she wore, it was apparent that she had a great pair of tits and a gorgeous ass. 

A divorcee from a miserable marriage, she had no great liking for men, and apparently led a very dull social life.

I on the other hand was dating a number of girls, all of whom were rather sexually complaint. My favorite was Annie a wildly imaginative girl who loved to play sex games.

Like Liz, Annie was an attractive woman too, with great big beautiful tits and an ass that just begged to be pinched, spanked and fucked, but unlike Liz, who was a brunette, Annie was a gorgeous, blue eyed woman with a mane of flowing red hair.

Annie had a penchant for calling me at work to talk about our previous date or make suggestions for forthcoming dates.

One day, while on the phone with Annie, I had a feeling that Liz was listening in on our conversation. 

When I hung up the light on my line remained lite for a few moments. Other times, I thought I had heard very heavy breathing on the line while Annie and I talked.

I said nothing about my suspicions to Liz, but I did mention it to Annie on our next date. She was not upset about it, but instead grew silent as she considered the situation.

"Why don't we give Liz something really hot to listen to the next time I call?" Annie asked smiling.

I told Annie that I liked her idea and during the next few days waited eagerly for Annie's telephone call.

A few days later Liz buzzed my intercom and told me that I had a call from Annie. I was sure that Liz was listening in, Annie began with a few pleasentries, and then dove in.

"My god, Jim, I couldn't believe you last night. I have never been fucked like that before in my life. I don't know how many times I came. Maybe it is because you slid your finger up my ass."

I was sure that I had heard a gasp. Annie kept extolling my sexual prowess, I got as hard as hell listening to her conversation and knowing that Liz was also listening sitting within thirty feet of me in her office.

That was the beginning of a number of similiar calls. Maybe it was my imagination, but it seemed to me that Liz began to look at me differently. Maybe it was disgust, maybe it was desire, I just did not know what was on her mind.

Finally on wednesday afternoon, Liz came into my office and asked if I would do her a favor. I was surprised at the request, since she has never asked for my help before.

As it turned out she wanted me to stay after hours in order to help her proofread a marketing report that the manager wanted the following day. I told her that I would be happy to help her.

By five everyone else was gone and we got to work on the report. We finished it about an hour later, and as I pushed back from the desk to stretch, Liz walked beside me so that her pussy was about a foot away from my nose.

"I want to thank you for all your help." she said.

I looked up at her.

"No thanks are necessary," "It was my pleasure."

Liz then looked down at me.

"Maybe you would like to see what is inside this skirt?"

Liz voice had changed and it sounded almost like a whisper. Although her comment surprised me I tried to act as cool as possible.

"Sounds like a great idea to me." I replied.

liz then unhooked the band of her skirt and undid the zipper. Her skirt fell to the floor, and I found myself staring at a pair of black, see-through panties that barely covered what appeared to be a very succulent vagina. I became aware of a mild perfume aroma, mixed in with what was the unmistakable odor of an aroused cunt.

I reached out and lightly touched her panties with my fingertips. I expected to be rebuffed, but she did not protest. Encouraged, I began to massage her mound with the palm of my hand.

"Take them off," she said.

I obliged by hooking my fingers in the top of her panties and sliding them down. Liz completed the task by stepping out of them. She turned over and spread her legs and I began to massage her asshole with my fingers. Now and then I would spread it open so that I could slip a finger or two inside her.

Liz loved having her asshole fingered. Her first orgasm occurred within minutes. liz thrust herself hard against my hand as I buried my middle finger deep inside of her butt. When I withdrew my finger, I leaned forward and licked her pussy from behind. She was flowing copiously, holding my head tightily against her.

Liz finally paused and suggested that we go into the managers office, where we would be a bit more comfortable.

Liz led the way, and my eyes never left her beautiful bare ass. Once inside the managers office, she walked to the sofa and removed her blouse and bra.

My god! what a great pair of tits she had. I quickly removed my clothes, and my rock, hard rather large cock sprang into view. 

"Wow!' said Liz.

Liz sat on the edge of the sofa and spread her legs for me. I moved in and took up a position where I could really do a job sucking her cunt.

I don't know how many orgasms she had but we fucked in every position possible that we could.

Liz especially loved being fucked in her tight ass. The sounds Liz was making were incredible. Her asshole was so hot and tight, it was difficult to keep from blowing my load.

Fortunetly, because of all the sex I was getting from other girls, I was able to keep from coming for a long while.

After about an hour of non-stop fucking Liz announced that she was going to make me "blow my nuts."

I was on top of her, with her facing me. I watched as she put her middle finger in her mouth, coating it heavily with saliva. Next thing I knew, she reached around my waist, found my asshole and slowly slipped her finger in. I thought I was never going to stop coming!

A few months later I was transferred to the coast to help open a new sales branch. The very first thing I did at the new office was to find out who handled all the incoming calls. I hoped it wasn't a man.

Once I accomplished this I happily found out that it was a gorgeous, young, twenty five years old blonde Named Candy. 

Candy had long blonde wavy hair, with knockers so Huge that you could balance a wine glass on them, as I then said very happily to myself..........now let the sex games begin!!!