 Mrs. Pearce is turning out to be an incredible lay, and I haven't even fucked her yet, Josh thought as he stood in the bedroom, waiting for her to emerge from the bathroom, where she had gone to clean up. She had been fully responsive to his touch throughout, willing to go along with his every suggestion, whether he said them to her or simply indicated with a touch or a gesture.

He was painfully aware that her pussy had been far from satisfied so far. After he had ravaged her mouth and throat more than he had even thought possible (he'd kinda gone a little crazy there) and mauled her magnificent tits to his heart's content, he had shamefully ignored her pussy, leaving her to tend to that herself. That was about to change.

The bathroom door opened and she smiled as she walked up to him, perfectly comfortable in her nudity. She had fixed her make-up and her hair, looking as presentable as ever, as if she were going out to an upscale dinner party. Except that she didn't have a stitch of clothing on her. Time to fuck, lover-boy.

"How do you want me?"

He put his hand on the small of her back and guided her toward the bed. "Um, if you could lie on your tummy, kind of diagonal across the bed." He gestured to indicate where she should position herself. Again, his brain almost short-circuited as she got onto the bed, on all fours, her arched back, perfect ass, pendulous breasts, then positioned herself in that graceful gliding motion as she had on the couch earlier. He scooted in behind her and settled in on the back of her thighs, then started massaging her, focusing on her round ass cheeks and lower back. As he massaged her ass cheeks, they surged up at him, quietly insisting for him to ravage her, just as he had seen on the couch downstairs.

Something occurred to him. He leaned over to the side and opened the bedside table. Vaseline, just as he suspected. It went well with the saucy novel he had spotted downstairs. He dabbed some on his cock and then placed it in the swell of her butt cleavage.

She gasped and sighed, increasingly turned on as he ran his hard cock through the valley of her butt cheeks. He had to be careful here -- the sensation was intensely erotic, and he didn't want to just cum on her back. She was fully turned on, it seemed, whimpering and pushing up at him, so it was time to take this to the next level -- to finally fill her need.

Her moaning got more intense. God I want that cock in me, she thought. Give it to me already. "Do me," she whispered. "Just do me."

He adjusted his position. Keeping his cock sliding back and forth through that delightful groove, he put his feet outside of hers and his hands on either side of her shoulders, suspended on his powerful limbs, as if he were going to do push-ups right on top of her. He hunched down and gently bit the back of her neck, sending shivers through her. He's going to fuck me now fuck me now. She groaned at the mere thought of it.

"If you could just..." He reached around her abdomen with one hand and gently pushed upward, indicating for her to raise her mid-section.

Slowly she did, his hand under her abdomen, gently guiding her upwards, her delicious ass and thighs rising to meet his powerful, hard body, her soft mounds underneath her lifting off. All the while he kept thrusting his cock against her butt cleavage, the tip of his cock rhythmically emerging at the crack of her ass. She sighed and gasped at the delicious sensation.

Finally she was on all fours, her slick slit wet and ready for him. She flipped her mane of hair to one side with a flick of her head and looked back at him, saw him kneeling behind her, fisting his cock. She was about to get her fill at last. As he moved in and she felt his knob make contact, she gasped at the invasion that she was now sure was imminent.

"Wait -- do we need a condom?"

"I'm clean, Mrs. Pearce."

"Me too. And on the pill. Now go." Get that thing in me, fuck me.

He fingered her slick pussy lips, parting the petals slightly to ease his entrance. She gasped as his crown popped into her, and she arched her back, her perfect breasts jutting out, heaving with excitement. Oh God, oh God... he's inside me... he's stretching me...

Two inches in, he paused, pulsing his cock by flexing his PC muscle. At the same time, he reached around and grasped one of her breasts, squeezing it. Suddenly, her body tensed and bucked. She's coming already, she's on a hair trigger. 

He waited for her to settle down, then fed her another few inches, his rigid pole advancing into her tight, slick tunnel, stretching her. Oh God, he's glorious...

He paused again in his advance, gave her a playful slap on her ass and grasped her breast again, tweaking the nipple while pulsating his cock inside her. A second orgasm took hold of her, and her body convulsed, her back rising like a stretching cat. He grasped her hip with one hand so he wouldn't slip out of her spasming body.

Without waiting for her to settle down completely, he went all-in, his knob kissing her cervix, his groin pressed up against her smooth, perfectly tanned ass. This time, he reached around to scoop up her breasts and proceeded to set her nipples on fire, letting them roll through his fingers rapidly.

He felt like he was at a rodeo as his fuck-target went into orgasmic overdrive, as he had previously witnessed on the couch downstairs. Legs trembling, abdomen heaving, ass pushing back at him, breasts swaying. Her third climax since they had made it to the bedroom, and they hadn't even started properly fucking yet.

From the tail end of that orgasm, they created the beginning of their fucking. He pushed into her and she yielded, her entire body moving forward on all fours. She pushed back at him and he yielded. Back and forth they went, like a see-saw. She looked over her shoulder back at him as their bodies swayed back and forth, as if he were astride a bronco bucking in slow motion. Back and forth, joined at the groin. His cock wasn't actually moving in and out of her pussy, as they were still moving in perfect sync.

They increased their pace, like a steam train leaving a station, and gradually they fell out of sync, causing his cock to thrust in and out of her pussy, the delightful friction taking hold of their senses. Oh yeah, that's it, oh, oh, oh, oh... She couldn't even think straight and simply gave in to her body's basest instincts as he fucked her with abandon. He held onto her hips tightly, clasping the soft flesh, delighting in watching her ass cheeks ripple, wave-like, with each impact of his groin.

They hit a good rhythm, with the train well out of the station and proceeding at a rhythmic pace, chugging along, his rod ravaging her insides, bumping up against her cervix at steady intervals. He reached around and grasped her boobs, kneading them and letting her nipples roll through his fingers. He was rewarded with a series of high-pitched gasps as a powerful orgasm roared through her body in a series of spasmodic fits.

Once she had settled down, he figured she needed a reprieve, and so he abandoned her splendid tits, allowing them to sway freely. She lowered her torso and held still while he continued ploughing her hot trench at a steady clip. Slowly, she was able to think again, even while she thrilled at being so lewdly exposed, so vulnerable while this strong young man was taking charge of her body. It had been a long time since she'd received such a thorough fucking.

She looked down at her body, her tanned tits swaying, and she could see his strong, hairy thighs outside her own slender, smooth, soft-skinned ones. He's a natural, she thought. A talented boy-toy. I could get used to this. 

He slowed his cock-thrusting. The train was chugging up a mountain, its pace slowing. But they hadn't reached the station yet. Thrustthrust thrust thrust... thrust... thrust...

Thrust.

Thrust.

For a moment, their fucking seemed to have come to a complete stop. She smiled as he flexed his PC muscle, pulsing his cock inside her without moving. He's toying with me. Toying with me... 

Josh savoured the sight before him. Earlier, he had dominated her mouth, her throat, her tits. Right now this sight was no less spectacular. Her stunning bottom, flaring hips, her ass cheeks offered up to him and his cock joyfully ensconced in her slick, delicious cunt. The lean lines of her back muscles, which he had massaged for what seemed like a lustful eternity in anticipation of conquering her luscious body. The back of her head, down low, submitted to him, yielding to him. What a magnificent creature...

Thrust.

Thrust.

Thrust. Thrust... thrust... thrust thrust thrustthrustthrust...

He went into a frenzy, fucking her at full tilt, the train barreling down the mountain on the closing stretch to its ultimate destination now. He moved her hips back and forth until she also got in on the action, pushing back at him, fucking him in earnest as his balls slapped against her clit.

He swept up her arms and held them behind her back, crossed her wrists so he could hold them with one hand to support her upper body. She looked down at her jiggling mounds, shuddering with each fuck-thrust he was throwing into her. Once again she was overcome with delirious sensations, ecstatically losing control of her body. Fuck me, boy-toy. Give me all you've got. I'm all yours, all yours.

He pulled her upright so she was on her knees, right in front of him, and she threw her head back, tossing her mane over his shoulder. She gasped, mouth open, eyes closed in orgasmic delight. He grabbed her waist with one hand to hold her steady to continue to receive his fucking while his other hand roamed over her spectacular rack, kneading her lush mounds, tweaking her nipples, eliciting a high-pitched keening from her. Oh yeah, take my pussy fuck my pussy... Their open mouths were right next to each other, panting at each other. "Fuck me, Josh," she hissed. "Give it to me."

As her body shuddered under his jolting impacts, she could sense by the increased intensity of his moans and gasps that he was also getting close. He let go of her body and she dropped forward, her head and arms down on the bed, her ass steadfastly held in the air, her slim cunt raised for him to ravage. He gasped, he surged, his final fuck-thrusts increasingly powerful and deliberate. She felt his shaft impale her fully on each stroke, each eliciting a small involuntary squeal from her. Her mind was on a different plane, one of pure erotic sensations ripping through her body. Ohgodohgodohgodohgodohgodohgod...

Her sexy, feminine squeals excited him all the more. He groaned as his balls tightened and pulsed, and then he exploded inside her, gushing in a series of diminishing spasms, splattering her insides with semen.

And then it was over. Both were breathing heavily, recovering. He pulled out of her sated vagina with a pop, then rolled off her, giving her reddened ass-cheek a little playful slap. She rolled over in the opposite direction, and they lay on their sides, looking at each other.

Outside, the rain had subsided. He gave her ass a playful slap. "Well, I guess I better --"

"Your shirt's still in the dryer. I can hear it from here," she interrupted. He strained and listened. He couldn't hear anything, but who was he to contradict her.

"Think you've got one more in you?"

He moved closer, ran a hand over her spectacular tit. He nodded. "What do you think?"

She smiled, flattered. "I want to suggest a position this time."

"Of course, Mrs. Pearce. Whatever you'd like."

"I'd like you to call me Adrienne, for starters."

"Sure... Adrienne. What position would you like?"

She ran her slender fingers over his six-pack. "Missionary. I want to be able to look at you while you fuck me this time. And then I think we can call it a day. You're putting in good work today, Josh."

"I aim to please, Mrs... Adrienne."

***

She really does have a pretty face, he thought as he slung his cock into her on the corner of her luxurious king-size bed. He was standing and holding her legs spread wide, his hands in the crook of her knees, holding her soaked pussy open to his energetic thrusting.

He wondered if it was a coincidence that in their two previous carnal unions this afternoon, he had chosen positions in which her face wasn't visible. Somewhere in the back of his mind, he wondered if that was so he could imagine plunging his cock into his darling mother instead.

You're really something, Josh Riley. Here you are banging this hot piece of ass, a fucking trophy wife, and you're fantasising about doing your mother. Focus!

Adrienne rose up, supporting herself on her elbows so she could watch her young lover giving it to her.

"Do you like fucking me, Josh?"

What a question! "Love it. Can't you tell?"

"If I was your girlfriend, or your wife, would you have sex with me every day?"

"I wouldn't be able to keep my hands off you." He kept on screwing her at a steady rate. His cock was happy, but the lady on the receiving end seemed distracted.

"Well, my husband is. Able to keep his hands off me, I mean." The mention of her husband hardened his cock a little, as it reminded him of the illicitness of what they were doing. Two people who barely knew each other, banging each other's brains out on a rainy afternoon. And soon her husband would be home, would be sleeping in this bed even, without any idea of what had transpired here today.

"Then he's a fool. You're a real hottie. I've always thought so. And a great lay. As I found out today."

"Thank you, Josh. I'm happy to repeat the experience. If you are."

He nodded and grinned lewdly. "Should I give your husband some lessons in the proper care and handling of his wife?" He settled one of her legs on his shoulder so he could free his arm. He reached up and cupped her breast while continuing to screw her at a moderate pace. She gasped and lay back.

But something was gnawing at her mind. She sat back up, supporting herself on her elbows. "Do you think he's having an affair?"

"I don't know. Is he a complete idiot?" What were they doing having a conversation anyway, right in the middle of this perfectly good fuck-session?

"No. Well... maybe. Maybe he is."

"Well, let's look at it this way... if he were fucking someone else, what would you do about it?"

She thought about it. "I'd divorce him, eventually. And I'd try to get my revenge on him."

He tweaked her nipple, and it hardened under his touch. "By screwing someone else?"

"For example."

"Well, then. Maybe you're already getting revenge, for something you don't know is happening. And maybe you're just having a bit of fun here today."

She looked up at him, his broad shoulders, his muscular torso. A lot of fun, she thought.

"He'll be home soon. In an hour or so. I guess we better finish up."

She lay back again, spread her arms out on the bed. He took her by her ankles and pushed her legs up ahead of him, forming her body into an L-shape. She gasped and moaned as he gave it to her hard. With multiple climaxes behind him, his own release was slow in arriving this time. Even though he threw everything he had into her, it took him almost twenty minutes to come. At the same time, he carefully handled her clitoris and her G-spot, rewarding her with orgasms along the way. Every time she came, she emitted those high-pitched squeals that he found such a turn-on.

And still he couldn't finish. Finally he got onto the bed himself and folded her in half, her ankles up next to her head, and rammed into her hard until he finally found his own release. She sure was a flexible one, he thought to himself, and for a fleeting moment he wondered if his mother was this flexible. Cut it out, Josh. You and your mother...

He let out a big gasp as he shot his seed into Adrienne's depths, and her pussy surged up to meet him. He released her legs and collapsed by her side, his softening cock plopping out of her.

"I think you've earned yourself a bonus today, Josh." She decided she was going to pay him double, maybe even triple, for this kind of handiwork, and she was already planning to schedule a lot more yardwork. A regular fuck-date would be a nice addition to her social calendar.

***

After they had gotten dressed and she had paid him, she walked him to the door, in that casual chatting mode again, as if he were one of her girlfriends who had dropped by for a cup of tea, as if that mind-blowing series of carnal encounters between them just now hadn't happened. In a way it amused him that she could just turn it off and on like that, be in one mode or the other. Could she switch right back? he wondered.

He held his finger to her lips, shutting her up in mid-sentence. She looked at him in surprise. He ran his fingers over her sensuous lips, and she impulsively started kissing his finger, drawing it into her mouth. Her tongue snaked out at him. His cock was already beginning to stir, and he knew he'd find it difficult getting home on his bike with that going on.

He unbuttoned his shorts, and she looked down, his thumb still in her mouth. She looked up at him incredulously, questioningly. Are we doing this again?

He nodded firmly and guided her down, both by the thumb in her mouth and a guiding hand on her shoulder gently pushing down. As she went to her knees, he started dropping his shorts to his ankles, and she helped him on the way down. His cock jumped to full attention, right in front of her face. Okay, why not? she thought. It's just been that kind of a day.

He stepped forward and put a hand behind her head, his cock aiming straight for those luscious lips. It all went very quickly, she could barely open her mouth in time, but she accepted him willingly and with pleasure. Within moments, her tongue was wrapped around his cock and her head was bobbing up and down dutifully. He put a hand on the doorframe to steady himself and used his other hand to guide her head, watching her lovely mane rippling back and forth as she fucked him with her hot, slick mouth.

As his orgasm built inside her, he gave it to her harder. Her soft sighs turned to passionate, muffled moans, reacting to each of his thrusts. Finally, when he came, he took her head with both hands and thrust himself deep down her throat. She mmmphed as she accepted his cum load. He held her like that until the last spasm had shot through his cock and she had swallowed it all.

He withdrew and helped her to her feet, her hair tousled. For once, she was left speechless.

"I'll see you next week? Rain or shine?"

"I'll see if I can think of some more chores around the house either way."

"Good idea. I think we may have missed a couple of spots this time."

She grinned at him saucily as he hopped on his bike and took off. The rain had stopped, but there were still dark clouds in the sky.

Moments later, a dark sedan rounded the corner, approaching the house. Her husband! She quickly dashed inside to remove all evidence of her afternoon tryst. By the time he came in the front door, she had stripped the bed, straightened the couch, put the two glasses in the dishwasher, her saucy novel under the couch, and she herself was in the shower. If it weren't for her husband coming home, she would have kept Josh's scent on her a little longer, but as it was, she knew she must be reeking of sex. Christ, if Josh had taken two more minutes to come, her husband would have walked in on his sexy wife giving a teenager a blow-job right inside the front door.

In the shower, she replayed the afternoon's events in her head. As she lathered up her body, she grinned at the cheeky outrageousness of it all, on both their parts. Blowing him and getting fucked by him had been mind-blowing, every minute of it. If she got an afternoon like this once a week, maybe twice, she would be more than happy, and could even perhaps overlook her husband's lack of interest in her.
