 Demi Daniels started to wake up and she realized that she was not in her own hotel room. She was naked in bed and the man next to her was naked as well. She recalled the events of the night before and she silently chastised her self for her behavior. She had definitely crossed the line with her company's client. Demi recalled how after the meeting a number of them went out to dinner and then to the show in the cocktail lounge. After the show Demi had returned to Walt's room for a nightcap. Her intention was to speak with him some more about his recent decision to buy software from a competitor company. 

They chatted a while and then Walt told her he was tired and that he wanted to turn in. He walked Demi to the door and then she turned and kissed him. He kissed her back and before she knew it they were naked in his bed making love. It had been an incredible night as Walt turned out to be a great lover and he did things to her that she never had experienced before. Walt had her in such a state that she was willing to do anything and everything and she did.

Demi looked at the clock radio and saw that it was only 4:00 AM. She decided to lie in bed awhile longer and rest a few minutes longer before getting up and making her way back to her own room. Demi had broke a company unwritten rule about getting too close to the client. The company was very firm about their policy of maintaining a professional relationship with their clients. She also had been unfaithful to her boyfriend of over a year in more ways than one. She and Don had been dating a year and they were getting close to a commitment. They had talked about marriage and getting engaged.

Don was a nice guy and she thought she loved him dearly. However last night she was loved liked she had never been loved in her life. She could still feel the slight sensation of constipation from the anal sex with Walt. Demi and Don had talked about anal sex and they had planned to experiment with it. She still couldn't believe that she had willingly given up her anal virginity to Walt the night before. Of course she never expected him to be such an accomplished lover and he had her begging him to take her anally. 

Demi dozed off again thinking about the wonderful night of love making and at the same time worrying about the consequences. It was almost 6:00 AM when she awoke again and this time Walt's head was between her legs. His talented tongue was dancing around in her vagina and teasing her erect clit. Demi moaned with desire and her petite hands sought out Walt's head. Her fingers ran through his hair as she cradled his head and lifted her mound toward his face. Demi knew that she had to get back to her room, shower, dress and get ready for the day but that could wait until she orgasmed again.

Demi felt her crescendo building and she knew that at any second she would unleash her juices into Walt's mouth. Her hands gripped his head and she held it to her quim as she gushed into his mouth. He continued to tongue her and lick her until she cried out as her climax rocked her body. Demi was just recovering from the oral sex when she felt Walt slide his impressive member into her honey pot. She gasped as the long thick shaft filled her womb and she instinctively wrapped her arms and legs around him. As the stiff rod moved in and out of her she wondered how she ever took it in her back door. 

What Demi did not know was that she was about to experience one of Walt's morning rituals. He loved having sex in the morning with a piss hard-on. He could last along time without ejaculating and he would drive the ladies wild. This was one of those mornings and he continually made love to Demi until she cried out for him to stop. She pleaded with him and announced that she couldn't cum anymore. Walt then left her and went to the bathroom to relieve the pressure in his bladder.

Demi lay in bed exhausted and sexually sated. She heard the shower running and she was relieved. She would take her shower after Walt and then return to her room. However Walt had other ideas and he came out of the bathroom to get Demi. He lifted her off the bed and guided her into the shower. Demi stood at 5'4" and she was almost a foot shorter than Walt who was 6'3". Walt soaped Demi's lovely 34-22-35 body and played with her cute pert breasts. Then his hands went to her curvy buttocks and caressed then as he covered them with soapy water. 

Demi squealed when Walt's soapy fingers touched her anus and then penetrated her. She was reminded of the anal sex from the night before. Walt turned her toward the shower wall and had her lean forward so that her cute butt stuck out. Then he stepped behind her and eased his soapy member into her soapy anus. Demi gasped as the rod slick with soap slid into her rectum once again. She was looser now and the penetration seemed easier than the night before but it was still a very snug fit.

Walt remained still for a minute allowing Demi's anal passage to adjust to the intrusion and then he began his methodical movements. Demi felt the thick shaft touch tender sensitive areas in her rectum and instinctively she reached for her vagina. Demi inserted finger into her womb and rubbed her clit as Walt thrust into her bottom. The urgency of his thrusts picked up and Demi sensed that at any moment her rectum would be flooded again with his man seed. Walt caressed her lovely bottom as he watched his rod slide in and out between her curvy cheeks.

Walt thrust forward and held Demi by her buttocks as he emptied his load into her rectum. Demi felt the warm surge enter her and coat her ravaged passage. She actually liked the sensation of the creamy liquid filling her channel and it felt soothing to her. Demi surprised herself when her sphincter muscles acted on their own accord and milked the thick shaft. She felt her muscles clench and unclench the swollen member squeezing every drop from it. Walt then eased his impressive tool from her anus and Demi felt the immediate void. 

They washed each other some more and Walt douched the semen from her bottom. They then stepped from the shower just as the water started to turn chilly and they dried off with the hotel's fluffy towels. Demi dressed quickly and proceeded to leave Walt's hotel room.

"I'll see you at breakfast," Walt said casually.

Demi blushed as she nodded her head in reply, "At breakfast." Then she left quickly and hurried to her room.

THE DAYS BEFORE

It was 1981 and Demi Daniels was a technical support representative for a multinational computer company. The company's products included computer hardware, software and consulting services. Demi was 28 years old and she had been with the company for six years. In her technical support job she provided support to both the company sales force and company clients. In addition to being an excellent technical support rep, Demi was a very pretty blonde who always maintained a professional image. She dressed business like but even then her curves were still obvious. She wore her blonde hair short and her blue eyes sparkled.

Demi had just been called into meeting with the Midwest district manager and sales rep for a major client. Demi had heard that a client had decided to change to a competitor software vendor. The three of them were to work on a strategy to approach the client and convince him to stay with their software. The client, Walt Hastings, had been hired as the Senior VP Information Systems for a large regional company six months ago. He had been making many changes since taking over but to date those changes did not affect Demi's company.

The changes Walt had made were well received by the senior management team and the board of directors. Therefore his recommendation to change software suppliers would not meet with any resistance at the company. Chip Jennings, Demi's district manager, had contacted several board members but they told him to back off. In the past Chip had been successful reaching out to board members and convincing them to intercede. Chip had even discredited client executives in the interest of keeping the client's business. Those tactics would not work this time.

Al Bonds the sales rep was out of ideas as he was not able to convince Hastings to stay with the existing software. So Al, Demi and Chip had to come up with a strategy to retain their client. Walt Hastings had made up his mind that there were better software solutions and he told Al and Demi to be happy that they were keeping the computer hardware business. Walt was also aware of Chip's behind the scenes practices and he confronted him about it. Chip still remembered that face to face meeting when Hastings told him bluntly, "Pull that shit on me and I'll have your computers on the curb for you to pick up."

Chip did not want to risk losing the computer hardware business so he backed off. Besides he had already been told by the client's board to back off. Chip sat behind his desk and looked at his two staff members. "Have any thoughts?" Chips started.

"We have the industry executive conference coming up. If we can get Hastings to that conference he will be surrounded by many of our customers. We can also wine and dine him and make sure that he meets our best clients," Al stated.

"Okay, I like that. Will he attend?" Chip asked.

"I think he will, if we spring for the cost," Al replied.

"We don't do that. We can pay for meals, drinks and golf while we're there but if word gets out that we paid for everything there will be hell to pay with our other clients," Chip told them.

"I can talk with him and ask him to take one more look at us before he makes his final decision," Demi offered and added, "He owes us at least that."

"I don't think that he thinks he owes us anything but it's a good idea. Go ahead and test the water with him," Chip agreed and then dismissed the two of them, "Let me know the outcome."

After the meeting Al called Walt Hastings office and set up a meeting for him and Demi. Al knew Hastings' assistant Cathleen very well and she put the meeting on Hastings' calendar. The meeting was set for Wednesday afternoon two weeks before the executive conference. Al had convinced Cathleen to hold Hastings's calendar open during the week of the conference.

That Wednesday Al and Demi arrived at Walt Hastings' office and Cathleen showed them in. Walt got up from behind the desk and greeted Al and Demi who both seemed intimidated by his stature. Walt Hastings being very professional and the perfect gentleman invited Demi and Al to sit down. Then he sat down in a chair across from them and offered them something to drink. Al opted for coffee and Demi asked for water. Walt had Cathleen bring in the drinks and then she closed the office door. Al and Demi felt more relaxed now especially since there was not a desk between them. Walt took in Demi's shapely legs but he did not stare at her and did not make her feel uncomfortable.

"So what can I do for you today," Walt began.

"We were wondering if we could convince you to attend the industry executive conference that our company hosts. It would give you an opportunity to meet some of our most satisfied clients and your colleagues. We were hoping that you would take advantage of the conference before you finalized your decision." Al stated.

"Well my decision is made; however, I suppose I should give you another opportunity to present your case. When and where is the conference?" Walt asked.

"It is in Phoenix at the Pointe in two weeks," Demi chimed in.

"The Pointe is one of my favorite spots. Let me look at my calendar. I could actually use a break," Walt said as he took out his Day-Timer.

"That week looks good. Let me get Cathleen," Walt said and then he opened the door and called her into his office.

"Cathleen, I don't have much going on in two weeks so keep my calendar clean. I am going to go to the conference in Phoenix. Get a hold of Corporate Travel and have them book my flights and hotel room," Walt directed.

"We are holding a block of rooms at the Pointe. Here is the conference code," Al said handing it to Cathleen and then he asked, "Can we interest you in some golf? We are putting together some foursomes the day before the conference and then there will be a golf outing on Wednesday."

"Sounds good, Cathleen tell them to book my flight for a Saturday departure and Sunday return. I can use a week away from this place," Walt added.

"The conference begins Sunday evening with registration and a cocktail reception. It runs through Thursday noon," Demi offered.

"Good I can play golf Sunday and then enjoy a few days after the conference to myself," Walt confirmed and then asked, "Is there anything else?"

"No, we will set up the golf and dinner arrangements if that is okay," Al replied.

"Good, I'll look forward to it. Now if you will excuse me I have a meeting with our CEO," Walt said as he stood up. 

Demi stared at him as he raised his 6'3" frame up from his chair and shook both their hands. His handshake was firm but not obnoxious. Walt Hastings was in great shape and he worked to stay fit. Al and Demi left the office and they felt somewhat relieved that the meeting was over. They were always intimidated by his presence and demeanor. They returned to their office and gave Chip the good news. Chip knew that his company would have to put their best foot forward to earn Hastings' trust and business.

Two weeks later Chip, Al and Demi arrived at the Pointe resort in Phoenix on Saturday afternoon. Once they checked into the resort they headed down to one of the five pools at the resort. As luck would have it they spotted Walt Hastings at the pool and he was sitting with two good looking women. They both had long hair, one was a blonde and the other was a brunette. They both wore skimpy bikinis and had golden bronze tanned bodies. Chip and Al salivated over the two women as they walked closer.

"Hey there, come and join us," Walt yelled when he spotted them. 

Chip and Al both had moderate tans but Demi was dark like the other girls and it was obvious that she had spent time in the sun. Walt checked out Demi in her tasteful bikini and he liked what he saw. She had small pert breasts, great legs and narrow waist and a curvy ass.

"Chip, Al and Demi say hi to Joannie and Marcia," Walt said in the way of introductions.

It turned out that the two young women were flight attendants and they would be flying out to Chicago in the morning. Just then the waiter appeared and took the drinks orders.

"Isaac, put those on my tab and bring another round for me and the ladies too," Walt told the waiter.

"You got it Walt," Isaac replied.

"I can see that you got settled in pretty quick here," Chip said with a chuckle.

"Oh yeah, I came in last night. I met Joannie and Marcia on the flight. Isaac has been taking care of us all day," Walt answered.

Chip, Al and Demi all wondered the same thing. Did Walt party with the flight attendants last night? Just then Walt got up and said that he had to cool off. He waded into the pool and Demi watched his muscular body ease into the water. When Walt returned from the water his swim suit had gathered around his impressive package and it did not go unnoticed. Demi actually blushed when she saw the outline of his member. Demi also noticed that neither Joannie nor Marcia had a reaction. Demi was convinced that the girls had seen that package in the flesh which was why they did not stare at him.

"That's pretty cool of the airline to put you girls up here at the Pointe," Demi said almost questioning them.

Joannie gave Demi a dirty look and then replied, "The airline actually puts us up in the Hyatt. Walt was kind enough to pick us up and bring us out here."

"Here's Isaac with the drinks," Walt said changing the subject.

Isaac then returned with the drinks and everyone toasted one another. The six of them made idle chatter for awhile and then Walt asked, "So what's the game plan for tomorrow?" 

"We have a tee time at 8:00 AM tomorrow. Carl Anderson will be joining us. He is one of our biggest users. Carl heads up IT for a major distributor. He's a pretty good golfer too," Chip explained.

"Sound good, I'm glad we're playing in the morning," Walt replied.

"Then we will be having dinner with Carl and two other customers will be joining us, Jim Jenkins and Mark Lewis. Also their company reps will be joining us for dinner," Chip added.

"If you don't have plans this evening you could join the three of us for dinner," Al chimed in.

"Thanks Al but I promised Joannie and Marcia I would take them to dinner and then I have to get them back to the Hyatt," Walt told them and then added, "In fact as soon as we finish these drinks we need to get ready for dinner."

Minutes later Walt, Joannie and Marcia left to get ready for dinner leaving Chip, Al and Demi at the pool. Chip, Al and Demi all had their own thoughts about Walt and the two flight attendants. Chip imagined one of the flight attendants on all fours eating her colleague's pussy while Walt fucked her from behind. Al envisioned the two girls blowing Walt as they sat naked at his feet. Demi imagined the two girls straddling Walt; one on his face and the other with his member buried in her womb. Whatever the three of them thought, they kept it to themselves. 

They were all on the right course however and if they had been able to peek in on Walt and the two flight attendants their suspicions would have been confirmed. They would have seen the brunette Marcia kneeling naked facing the back of a sofa with the naked blonde Joannie sitting on the floor with her head resting on the sofa cushion. Joannie would be eating Marcia's pussy while Walt drilled Marcia's ass with his impressive cock. Of course there were many positions and couplings over the hours the three were together and only Walt, Joannie and Marcia would know what went on in Walt's room.

Chip, All and Demi hooked up with other people from their company for dinner that night and then they all retired to their rooms. On Sunday morning after a light breakfast, Chip, Al, Walt and Carl headed for the golf course. Chip and Al were dying to ask Walt about the flight attendants but since Walt did not bring it up, they left it alone. The last thing that Chip wanted was to have Walt pissed off. The four of them had an enjoyable round of golf and Walt and Carl won all the money. 

After golf the foursome dined at the clubhouse for lunch and then they returned to the resort. Walt decided to work out after lunch and told the guys that he would see them at dinner. There was a reception during registration and then people went to dinner. That evening there were about twenty people at the dinner planned to win Walt over, including company reps and customers. The seating was organized so that the prominent customers had Walt's ear so they could talk up the company's products. Also a company manager named Veronica sat near Walt and directed the conversation.

The dinner almost backfired on the company when Walt explained his thinking and rationale he had the other customers thinking about his approach to things. Jim Jenkins in particular was interested in hearing more about Walt's strategy but Veronica steered the conversation in a different direction. After dinner they all adjourned to the cocktail lounge and had a few drinks. Veronica was all over Walt and Demi was disgusted with the manager's behavior. Veronica was a tall thin attractive woman with long dark brown hair down to her shoulder blades. She was a very touchy person when she talked and she was constantly touching Walt that evening. It was obvious to everyone present that she would have jumped in the sack with Walt in a New York second. However Walt was not interested in Veronica and he had no intentions of bedding her.

Finally the session broke up and everyone returned to their rooms. The conference would begin on Monday with breakfast and a keynote speaker. There were general sessions in the ballroom and breakout sessions in smaller meeting rooms. Walt had selected his sessions to attend but he would be shadowed all day by Chip, Al and Demi. Walt knew the sales routine so it didn't bother him that they would be hanging with him all day. Monday night was another dinner planned with company staff and customers. The company representatives would throw everything they had at Walt to persuade him to remain a software customer.
