 I sneak up on you while you're standing at the kitchen counter gazing out the window and talking to your sister on the phone. I plant little wet kisses on the back of your neck and shoulders, turning into nibbles as I wrap you in my arms. My hands trace the outline of your breasts beneath your top, exciting your nipples to erection. Slipping down, my deft hands come to rest on your stomach within reach of your mound of Venus. I pull you closer so that you can feel my excitement at being near you. My body still damp, fresh from the shower. You say your rushed good-byes discarding the phone to rattle noisily across the counter top.

My fingers tickle your stomach with slow, lazy circles as they slip under your shirt to feel the warm softness of your skin. My lips all the while nipping and kissing your neck and ears. You hold my arms with your hands and press your body against mine, small gasps of pleasure fall from your longing lips. My arms escape as you brace yourself against the counter. Untying the drawstring to your pants I sneak my hands into your panties to caress you, barely touching your soft, manicured pubic hair. I let my fingers slowly drop to the sides of your pouting lips where their soft curves blend with those of your thighs. They play along the warm crease. Pressing your lips together I feel your clit swell with excitement under my touch and your heat builds. Eyes closed now, your head lolls back against my chest and your breath quickens. I let your pants slip from your hips to gather at your ankles. Instinctively, you step out of them as I pull the loose top over your head and from your raised arms, casting it aside. Expectantly, you stand motionless in your panties and bra as I adeptly unsnap the hook and let the confining bra slide down your arms to the floor. Cupping your full breasts in my strong hands I knead and press them together as they rejoice in freedom from their constricting bonds. The nipples, hard and erect, pull the areola with them into a dark foundation atop the creamy smoothness of your breasts.

Your hands naturally reach behind you, searching for the hardness you so love that presses into the small of your back. Finding the object of your affection, you trace its length with your fingertips feeling it jerk from your touch. Squeezing the shaft, you pull the skin, feeling it slip up and down with the motion of your hand. The veins and fullness, the weight and girth, hold a passionate promise in your grip. Desire flames.

My hands move down your stomach and once again caress your sex through the silky French cut lingerie, gently at first but with increasing pressure. You want to press your sex against my hand but find you can't move restrained by the hot phallus pressed firmly against you. My hands move to your hips and grind your body against mine for a moment, then release you long enough to coax your panties down your thighs until they too flutter to the floor. The heat from my engorged member ignites your internal flame like a gust of hot wind to a forest fire.

I glide down your backside, my hot breath titillating your ass cheeks as I slowly drop to my knees. Bending at the waist you expose your steamy sex to my searching tongue. I gently force my face into the cleft of your ass, my whiskers tickling your inner thighs as my tongue snakes out to taste your wetness. Soft moans escape your lips as your legs spread, urging me to press deeper. I only tease you more.

My tongue travels through your cleft, stopping to probe your puckered anus with light thrusting motions. Continuing on, I slide its length between your aroused, pink lips. The fluid is sweet and copious wetting your sex and my lips. Through your legs, you see my tongue working the folds of your inner lips, teasing your clit that's just out of reach. My cock hangs thick and long between my legs as I kneel behind you, its liquid bounty stretching into crystal strings as the clear drops reach the floor.

You arch your back and the probing tongue flicks at your erect clit, sending spikes of pleasure through your body. I keep it up until you can stand it no longer, as you tense and squirm, ready to burst into orgasm. I take away my mouth. Standing, I hold you bent over the counter and slide my fat cock into your waiting opening. A near scream comes from your throat as I press in deeply, my balls slap against your clit with a wet vulgar sound as I hammer into you with a need and forcefulness you have not felt before. Your mind is reeling in fantasy. I could be anyone, you have not seen me since I started this. Visions of this stranger's cock spreading you wide, filling and stretching you, disappearing within you again and again. You feel it growing harder, ballooning inside you, touching every awakened nerve of pleasure. In your mind's eye, the cock squirts out great jets of its milky white bounty, flooding your insides as you surrender to your own overwhelming sensation of orgasm. You repeatedly give voice to your pleasure by pleading for me to fuck you harder, faster. Jerking wildly, you push back against my plunging thrusts riding the crest of your ecstasy, until, at last, your energy is spent.

I lower you to your hands and knees and let my throbbing cock slip from you. We are not finished. As you catch your breath in great gulps I press my hot, slippery meat between your ass cheeks and slowly push my way in, allowing you to accommodate the intrusion with a muffled squeal. Consciously relaxing, you allow my cock to open you to this new sexual experience. Discomfort subsides, you invite me deeper and I comply until I am completely engulfed.

Your hips begin slow grinding circles as I take long strokes, pulling almost out then gliding back into that tantalizing ass. A hand finds its way between your legs to caress your clit and probe your sopping opening. The feel of a second orgasm builds deep within you. You start to move faster, begging me to come inside your craving ass. Steadily, our rhythm increases as we match each other, bringing us closer and closer to climax. Overwhelmed by my thrusting, you once again quickly crest into your second orgasm, and still, the feeling doesn't stop. Several more orgasms explode in a chain reaction as the tempo of my thrusting increases until I too, reach a second thundering climax. Frozen deep within your clenching ass I spill my load in great rhythmic spurts, my cock pulsating within you as it liberates its abundance. Time stops! Eventually, my thick spent member slips from your grasp and I lower you to the floor as we pant and whimper from the rapture and exhilaration of the act.