 I wake, turn slightly, and there she is, sleeping.

She is facing me, her head resting on its side on the pillow. Her hair, brunette, frames her face, highlighting her eyebrows. The eyebrows are neatly trimmed, black and angular. I gaze at her manicured eyelashes, then plant a gentle kiss on her eyelids.

She stirs, her eyes struggle open and she remembers where she is. A small smile flashes across her lips. She lifts an arm and places it on my chest. As the bedsheet shifts to accommodate the movement, I glimpse a breast, rounded, the nipple prominent. It is cleavage up close. Beautiful.

Her eyes close again and she wriggles in closer to me, her arm now moving from my chest around to my back. She brushes my nipple as she moves, lingering long enough for me to understand she is awake, receptive, willing.

I feel her breasts on my chest. I feel the full feminine roundness of them, not so much a barrier between us as a comforting wall of flesh.

She is hugging me now, our faces close, our lips touching but not moving. I lightly touch her bottom lip with mine and rub her nose with mine. Her eyes open and she looks at me. She winks. I melt.

I arch my lower body into hers and my penis nestles into the area around her pussy. I can feel the strip of hair she maintains after waxing. She is warm and I hug her tight. Her arm begins to caress my back, her fingertips occasionally dancing on my skin, alternating with her palm rubbing firmly on my shoulder blades.

My left arm moves around to clasp her lower back. I have been there many times but I still marvel at the shape of her torso, the smoothness of her skin, the attractiveness of her form. I caress her back, pull her to me, my dick now squashed against her pubic region. I feel myself getting hard.

My hand clasps her bottom. It is tight, muscular, firm. She is fit, toned. Her arse is rounded and I run my hand all over it, squeezing, down, across, down again to the top of her legs.

Those legs! Long, slender but also fleshy and strong. As I stroke her thighs, she lifts one leg and moves it over mine. My hand is caressing her bum and I run a finger down between her cheek and reach under to touch her cunt. She emits a little sigh in my ear then nibbles the lobe and blows air into the ear. 

We are motionless, enveloped in mutual warmth. My fingers rest on her pussy lips, unmoving. Her gentle breathing is the only audible sound in my ear.

"Hello," I say.

"Mmmm," she smiles back.

Now her hand caresses my back and moves to my arse. She firmly grasps one cheek, I clench it and she giggles. Her fingers are long and slender, now gliding across my skin, caressing, squeezing, the nails occasionally scratching lightly. She knows the effect this has on me. My cock hardens further and pushes against her. My hand remains on her pussy, not moving, just resting on her lips. I sense a growing dampness.

She lifts her leg away from my body and pushes me onto my back. I grin to myself as I realise she is feeling dominant this morning. Now my cock is fully erect. She strokes my upper left leg, squeezing my thigh, then running her hand up to my waist. She plays with my belly button, poking it the way a child might before darting back down to my legs.

She moves to my right leg, caressing again, squeezing, dragging her nails across my skin. A few minutes earlier, I was content to drink in her beauty and to lie with her, warm, cosy, tender. Now, though, I just want to fuck her.

But perhaps she intends to fuck me, for she pushes against my left leg, spreading my legs apart. She continues to caress my thighs, sometimes reaching down below my knees and then travelling back up with her fingernails, dragging through my skin. My dick twitches but she does not touch it.

She rubs my stomach, then takes my left nipple between her thumb and forefinger. She squeezes and pulls and I gasp, a little yelp of pleasure. Her lips move to my other nipple and she bites it firmly but painlessly. 

I bring my right arm up to caress her back and stroke her hair. I pull her hair back so I have an unimpeded view of her neck. Does she have any conception of what that view does to me? 

Now she is nipping, sucking and licking my nipples, moving from one to the other. Her hand has begun its journey back down my body, over my stomach, pausing to stroke all around and then moving past my cock until she is stroking my thigh again.

She lifts her head and our lips meet. Kissing hungrily, we wrestle with our tongues, both of us moaning urgently.

And then her hand is on my balls. Startled, I jump and groan into her mouth, pulling at her lower lip with my teeth and then kissing her deeply as she squeezes my nuts. I am conscious that my cock has been pulled to a forty-five degree angle from my stomach. Her hand kneads my balls, squeezing and rolling them inside their sack. Then her slender fingers grasp the base of my hard dick and she wraps her hand around my organ and grips it tightly. 

Then there is stillness. She is gripping my cock whilst we look into each other's eyes, our lips touching but not moving.

"You are so fucking hard," she whispers to me, accentuating "hard".

"Mmmm," I smile back.

"I love your dick," she breathes into my ear and begins to stroke it slowly from the bottom up. When she reaches the tip, she stops, squeezes, runs one finger over the little opening and then slides back down to my balls, squeezes them and strokes back up again, this time faster.

I am fully hard now, so completely aroused, dedicated to the single goal of putting my cock inside her cunt.

We become a tangle of arms and legs as I push her back to gain access to her pussy. She fumbles at my cock as I reach for her cunt. She is breathing fast, her lovely chest heaving, her tits swaying as we reposition ourselves. I lower my head to take her left nipple in my mouth. Flicking it with my tongue, I suck on her tit and moan at the same time.

My hand is on her pussy but she has clasped her legs together. 

"Cock teaser," I laugh at her.

But she keeps her legs together, grinning triumphantly at me. I have my hand on her pubic area, the third finger the closest to the prize. 

We are completely still again, my hand near her pussy, her hand gripping my cock just below the head.

Our eyes lock together and we kiss again, gently, firmly, lovingly. She tastes so good, she feels so warm. 

I return her earlier wink. Her legs relax slightly and my middle finger reaches for her clitoris. She gasps as I find the little hooded creature that I love so much. I rub all around her cunt lips without touching them. Flattening my palm against her flesh, I dart across her clit as she moans into my shoulder and resumes stroking my cock.

One minute, two minutes, three. I resist the temptation to dive in. My hand moves over and around her pussy, aware of a spreading wetness. She squirms, whimpers, her little moans pleading for me to go further and deeper. My cock is wet now and she spreads the wetness over the head and scratches her nails over my balls.

And so I succumb and my middle finger enters her warm, wet cunt. Wet? She is soaked and my finger slides easily in. I explore her cunt walls, darting here and there, pushing against her flesh. She opens her legs further for me and raises both arms behind her head. She rolls her head from side to side as she whispers over and over: 

"Oh, God, God, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me."

But I won't fuck her yet. My throbbing dick rests against her hip and I quickly withdraw my hand from her cunt and stroke my dick with her wetness. Then I plunge back in with two fingers, pushing hard against her and then inserting a third finger. My hand is fucking her hard now and she is breathing loudly and whimpering with each thrust.

It is time to taste her. I move down, forcing her legs apart and plant a kiss on her inner thigh. Then I blow air against her pussy and kiss the cute little landing strip of hair she maintains there. Then I envelope her cunt with my mouth and begin to suck her pussy lips into my mouth. She moans loudly and appreciatively. I suck her lips and swirl them around in my mouth before inserting my tongue into her cunt. I am drunk on the taste of her, that beautiful womanly taste, the sweet taste of fuckable cunt. 

I try to fuck her with my tongue, pushing it in and out, nipping at her pussy lips and licking all over. My face is covered in her juices and my hand is pulling hard on my cock. I look up and she is rolling her head from side to side, her eyes closed, her tits heaving. Her hand moves to her left nipple and she pulls it hard as I tongue-fuck her cunt.

And then she clenches and is completely still for a second. Then she begins to shake from the orgasm that has taken hold. My mouth is still on her pussy but she reaches down with both hands and pulls me up to meet her. She kisses me, her tongue lapping at her own juices on my face as she tries to taste what I have tasted. We kiss furiously now and her hands are back on my cock, pulling at it, stroking it, squeezing.

I want her to suck my cock but she has other ideas. In a bound, she is on top of me, her hands on my cock, guiding it into her wet hole. I feel her cunt lips grip my cock as I slide in and she impales herself on me, sitting upright now, my cock buried deep inside her.

She looks so gorgeous like this. Her magnificent breasts are heaving above me. I admire the firmness of her shoulders and the feminine muscle in her arms. She is grinding slowly now, moving herself around on my cock, positioning it here, then there. She is fucking me, I think to myself. She is using my cock to pleasure herself. I assist by thrusting upwards and fucking her in a rapid piston movement. I reach up to massage her tits before pulling her down on me and fucking her hard and fast as I hold her arse cheeks.

We slow to a halt after a couple of minutes. I am close to cumming and she knows this. But we have the process down to a fine art. Holding each other, we roll over so I am on top. I manoeuvre myself into the 69 position. She plants her legs side by side so I can grip them as I lap at her pussy. I position my cock into her mouth and she moves her arms into position so she can hold my cock and balls.

We begin. She takes my cock in her mouth and sucks on the head. The sensation is pure bliss. Her tongue darts around the head of my engorged cock whilst both her hands are stroking my shaft. I move my hips in time to her movements, fucking her mouth as if it were a cunt. 

Her legs are splayed and my face is lapping again at her cunt. I use my fingers to pull her lips apart so I can bury my face in her pussy. She moans. I moan. She gyrates her cunt into my face. I am in control now and I thrust my cock down into her mouth. 

She sends me over the top as a finger enters my arse and heads for the prostate. She massages it slowly, then gathers pace. My cock is beyond hard now and I can feel the explosion building. I am finger-fucking her now and thrusting into her mouth as her skilful finger edges me to orgasm.

And then it happens. She fingers me one more time, slowly, firmly, applying pressure as she moves up and down. I can't hold back any longer and my dick explodes into her mouth. She is gripping my dick firmly in her hands and sucking on the head one more time before letting me slide out of her mouth. 

We cuddle and she kisses me, lapping at my mouth and licking my cheeks. I respond in kind, sucking on her tongue, tasting myself on her. It is the ultimate intimacy. 

We are still again, panting, heaving, hearts racing. I gently pull her to me and hug her firmly, savouring the softness of her curves. I plant little kisses on her nose, her eyes, her forehead, her chin. Our lips meet in a deep embrace.

"Did you like that?" she asks in mock sheepishness.

"You know I did," I grin back.

"Hold me," she commands and I oblige, my hands roaming over her skin, savouring her smoothness, her warmth. She smells so good and I marvel at the cocktail of senses she arouses in me.

My cock stiffens again. Facing her, I gently move one of her legs over mine and enter her warm and wet cunt. She smiles at me, cupping my face in her beautiful hands. 

We are still. My cock rests in her cunt. We do not move. She clenches her cunt lips around my cock and winks at me again. I lightly lick her lips and look into her eyes as one of her nipples touches mine. 

We sleep.

=====================

I will respond to all feedback. Write to me and I will write back. 