 It is a real shame! I wanted to describe the entire process from you having a completely flaccid phallus up to when I taste your oh so juicy jism.

However, your cock is already semi-erect. I guess that it had to be expected, you laying flat on you back on the edge of the bed, naked, with your legs spread, knees up and with me, naked, kneeling between those legs, hungrily eyeing your exposed manhood. I am so glad that I convinced you shave your genitals just as I do mine. I know that you enjoy the feeling of unencumbered flesh sliding and grinding upon unencumbered flesh as we fuck, and I enjoy not having to dig through a thatch of fur during times like these just as I know you do, as well, when you lap at my luscious honey-pot. Moreover, I know that you take a ribbing for it, for being shaven, at your health club, in the locker room. I love you for taking that abuse for me.

Well, even though you are already hardening up quite nicely, we will just have to take today's action from here. However, we are going to take it slow, ever so slow and sensual, the way I like it. Yes, I know that you want to hurry up, let me do my thing, then run off to play soccer with your friends, but I have plans that include you playing with me today, not them!

I slide my fingernails of both hands slowly, oh so slowly, and lightly, oh so lightly, back and forth across your abdomen just beyond your genitals. I tell you that it is hard to see what I am doing because my view is blocked. You always enjoy me making comments about your size, whether they are true or not. I look up and see you lift your head and smile at my comment, and then lay your head back down and close your eyes.

I slowly increase the area across which I stroke the backs of my fingers, always avoiding the prize. I move them, so tenderly, along the fronts of your thighs. Then they move back, so gingerly, to your abdomen. Then I move them further, so gently, to your inner thighs, exposed by your spread legs. Then, again, reversing the route, my fingertips, so softly, trace back up to your abdomen, oh so tantalizingly close to that as yet untouched but now rapidly rising riding rod of yours. I again run the route with my fingers, abdomen, fronts of thighs, then deep between those muscular thighs, from nearly to the crease at the top of the thigh all the way out to just above those bent knees. I repeat this path, softly and slowly, gently and gingerly, over and over and over again. I take my time; we are both going to enjoy this for a long time today, lover.

I hear a soft moan. I look up and see you concentrating on your pleasure. You lick your lips. You raise a hand and run your own fingers through your hair, knowing that I have forbidden you from touching either me or any place on your own body below your own neck while I perform my procedure.

I know that I have your rapt attention and I know that I will keep it for as long as I desire to continue my teasing. You are a slave to your own passion and I now possess the power to direct that passion as I see fit. You are my capture and you know it as well.

I subtly change from the backs of my fingers and fingertips to the fronts on my fingers, always maintaining the same slow motion movement, across abdomen, across the fronts of thighs, along the insides of thighs, always studiously avoiding touching your rock-hard ruler. Sometimes, I use all four fingers on each hand as I trace, sometimes, I use just one or two per hand.

Your scrumptious scrotum, just as exposed and hairless from your tonsorial gyrations as the rest of your genitals, has contracted tight against the base of your body, holding your testicles firmly against you, those testicles, those balls, filled with my near-term future reward. The skin of your scrotum sack appears so strangely out of place, tight and crinkled, adjacent to skin now being stretched by your turgid tool.

My hands, my fingers, no longer completely under my control, forsake their ministrations on your thighs and slowly move inward to that cutely striated sack. As I touch your scrotum, I see and feel you flinch. I know that you are ticklish there, but you had to know that my fingers where heading that way, you would have felt them tracing toward it along those sexy thighs. Anyway, I run two fingers, one on each hand across that compressing covering of skin.

Another moan. I assume, no, I hope that you are the one moaning in pleasure and not me. I am enjoying this, but I want to be the instrument of pleasure, I want you to be the recipient.

I move my head closer to your testicles. My lips touch you for the first time since we started as I gently kiss that beautiful pocket. I just wanted to place that gentle kiss and pull away, but my desires betray me. I, now, more hungrily and aggressively kiss your crinkled container. My tongue comes out. I press my tongue, hard and flat, against your scrotum as I lick it, feeling your balls against it. I engulf first one, then the other, wrapping my lips around them, repeatedly sucking them into my mouth, then using my tongue to push them each back out through my encircling lips, my hands having slid under your spread and raised legs, and around to your hips, holding you firmly as an anchor for my lust.

I pull away and I replace my hungry lips and tongue with fingers of one hand again, those fingers now caressing a wet and slightly distended scrotal sack, the fingers of the other hand having slide from your hip bit having remained in contact with the skin of the underside of one of your legs. I am embarrassed by my rush toward bliss. I apologize. It will not happen again. Your extended pleasure is my goal.

My fingers again proceed to tickle and tingle you. I sensuously trace the perimeter where your scrotum joins the rest of your body. As I do so, your excitement again draws those distended balls back toward you abdomen. I watch in fascination as you involuntarily tighten up again.

You must be enjoying what I am doing; I have never seen your hard hunk as large and responsive as it is now, still having not been touched today. As I continue to stroke along the edges of your scrotum, now with the fingers of both hands, your hard cock involuntarily bobs upward away from me, then backward toward me, several times, as if frantically waving for attention. Not yet, you oh so desirous dick, your time will come soon, just not yet. However, I know what that twitching means, and to forestall the inevitable I press my thumb hard against the underside base of your yearning dick, right where the urethra widens and disappears inside of you. There will be no early exit for your juice today.

I become fascinated by the geometries of your genitals. I now trace fingers along the top of the thigh, up to those cute little hollows that gap where your leg muscles and tendons disappear behind your abdominal muscles. As I do so, you again flinch. I have found another ticklish corner with which to tease and please you. I touch your now moderated member, but just to push it slightly aside, gently so as not to hurt it in its engorged state, as I lower my mouth to one of those hollows. I stick my tongue out and gently lick along that hollow, eliciting a stronger flinch, then a long exhalation of breadth by you. I sensuously wiggle the very tip of my tongue along the hollow, your moaning providing all the encouragement that I need.

Do you like that, lover-man? You do not have to answer, because I know that you do. Besides, in your state, concentrated upon the pleasure that my teasing is providing, I am not sure you COULD respond.

I pull back, having left a trail of saliva along the very top of one of your legs. I blow softly on the wetness. I can imagine how the cooling wetness makes your level of desire grow.

I shift to the other leg's hollow, switching hands on your tempting tool, pushing it once again aside, but in the opposite direction. I again lick the hollow of this leg and then blow cooling breadths on that wetness.

On this side, the hand that is holding your member aside is my dominant hand. I start to stroke your enticing cock, not even realizing as I do so. For several seconds, again fascinated by the way my body reacts just as much as the way yours does, I watch in rapt attention as my hand slowly moves along the base of your meaty manhood. I come to my senses. No, your cock does not get off that easily, not just yet.

I move back down away from you, my fingers coming down to that tiny crease of flesh, between your legs and the bed, which represents the bottom of your tight ass checks. When I go down on another woman, with their fuller, plumper ass checks, I can usually place three or even four fingers on these folds of flesh, but your hard and toned ass prevents more than just a single finger form touching now.

I touch and push, indicating that you are to raise your legs further to your chest, exposing your sexy anal sphincter to me and my administrations.

As you follow my silent command, I now sensually stroke a finger, slowly and softly back and forth, from the base of your tighten sack to your tingly sphincter, the softer fleshy side of my finger tip on the way down, the harder nail side of my finger tip on the way up, caressing down, slightly scraping up.

Was that an anguished moan that escaped your lips? Poor, poor dearest lover! Are you in such pain?

I continue my rhythmic ministrations, all the time watching your anus involuntarily tighten and retract when my finger comes near. You men, you are so keen on treating our asses as the sex organ that they most certainly are, but you remain so afraid of your own. Well, today, darling man of mine, I am the teacher as well as the teaser. Just continue to lie back, and to learn and to enjoy.

I lean inward again. Halfway up the upstroke, I replace my finger with the very tip of my tongue. I continue the upward movement, my tongue tip slowly reaching your scrotum. I am tempted, for an instant, to flatten my tongue and continue to lick upward, but I recall my loss of control from earlier. No, not today. Today is for you.

I reverse my direction, downward toward your lesson. I can imagine what you are thinking. Am I really going to do what you know, for certain, that I plan to do? How will you react?

I pay no attention. I continue, fraction of an inch by agonizing fraction of an inch downward, just the tip of my tongue touching, trailing saliva toward your tender territory. Occasionally, I stop and blow a caressing cooling breadth onto that saliva trail, sending shivers through you. Then I place the tongue tip again, and agonizingly continue to approach.

I finally reach the keep. I rim around it with my tongue tip, moistening it for my next movements. I flatten my tongue and press wetness against it.

Moans have been replaced by grunts! I must be doing something correct.

I glance upward, distracted by movement. Your rock hard member is again tweaking of its own accord. I quickly repeat my thumb on the vein method from before, hoping that I am not too late. I press hard with my thumb. Please, please, do not orgasm yet. I always go too fast, causing you to cum too soon. I can feel waves contractions pulsing against my thumb. Three, four, five, six times they press upward against my thumb, but soon subside. I know that you feel blissfully relieved and relaxed, but I want more. The fact that nothing escaped from you, to me, means that it was not a complete orgasm. Hence, I continue.

I have held my tongue flat against you during that last near catastrophe. I now press it inward until the tip violates your anal opening and probes inside, loosening your tightened anal muscles. Just the tip enters you. I try to flatten my tongue somewhat, then make it pointed again, back and forth, affording you the pleasure of my rhythmic reaming. I change to an in and out motion, again just a fraction of an inch inward and outward, but still a pumping motion. I change again, back to the flattening and thinning motion, then once more to the in and out motion. Slowly, you reach contentment. Slower still, you reach comfortableness. Finally, as I continue to alternate between my two methods, I can sense building craving.

I withdraw my tongue and lick aggressively upward toward your neglected cock. As I drag my flattened tongue hard across your scrotum, I replace my tongue in your sphincter with my middle finger. First, just the tip as I tongue across your balls. Next, to the first knuckle as my tongue finally reaches the base of your delicious dick. Next, to the second knuckle as I lick your shaft as if it were an ice cream cone, filled with wonderful salty cream. Finally, I insert my middle finger all the way to the base inside of your ass as I bring my tongue to that hefty helmet head of your probing poll.

As I lick the perimeter of your cockhead, my one hand holding your wanton wand in place, with a thumb pressed hard against the urethral vein, preventing further almost calamities, I start to pump my middle finger in and out of your anus. I know the rhythm that you like; I attempt to duplicate it.

I run the perimeter of your smooth poll-helmet with the tip of my wet tongue, leaving a saliva ring. My finger pumping in and out of your now non-virginal opening, I flatten my tongue and repeat the circuit, rubbing the smoothness of your head, savoring every erotic fragment of its surface area. My index finger having joined its neighbor, pumping inward, spreading slightly and then withdrawing, and then repeating, I end my tongue tour of your tantalizing tool at the very tip of your now nearly purple pleasure dome. I lick the prodigious dollop of sexy salty-sweet pre-cum from your urethral opening and then press the very tip of my tongue between the fleshy folds, touching inside your urethra, attempting to extract more of that craving causing jism juice. 

A guttural grown! I glance up to your face, expecting to see you watching. I am rewarded with seeing your one arm thrown across your eyes, the other having been flung over your head on the bed beyond you, your mouth wide apart, your breathing a continuous panting, you chest heaving.

I back away to exam my now captured cock-creature. Your shaft has stretched your skin to expose several thick blood veins bulging along the surface. Keeping my thumb in place, I move a finger along one of those veins. I marvel at the natural ribbing of such veins, pleased at the way they would feel sliding along the inside of my vagina. Your head is smooth. It glistens with the moisture that I have oh so recently applied over it. Its dark color beacons my onward. I rise upward from my kneeling position, bringing my breast within reach. I lean forward, my nipple of one of my breast nearing your cockhead. My hand pulls your cock slightly, bringing your dark sensitive hard head to my dark sensitive hard nipple. I rub one against the other. Shivers run down through both of us. I repeat the process with my other nipple.

Another moan! Again, I am not sure if it emanated from you or me. However, I know that you cannot hold out much longer. I move back down onto my knees. My mouth again approaches your sexy sensuous shaft.

I move my tongue to the flat sensitive crease at the bottom of your glandular glory. As my two probing fingers continue their welcomed assault on your anus, I start to stroke my other hand slowly up and down on your stupendous shaft.

I start to circle my tongue in the tiniest rings, always touching the sensitive spot beneath your cockhead. I have always been gifted with being able to move various parts of my body at divergent rates. Here, I test that trick to the limit, my anal probing at one rate, my shaft stroking at a different slightly slower rate, my tongue twirling at a third slightly faster rate. You have no defense other than to enjoy this sensual entourage of sexual encroachment.

You are gasping for air. I decide to, once again, lead you away from the brink. I too want your orgasmic explosion, but I want it to last. I want you always to remember this. I want you to know that only I can bring you to such heights of blissful pleasure. I stop probing, but I leave both fingers in place. I stop stroking, my hand held around your base, my thumb firmly against the underside of my pleasure poll. I back away from your glandular head, my tongue removed from your sensitive spot.

I turn my head sideways and open my jaws wide. I will tell you later that I had to open them as wide as humanly possible, again to satisfy your vanity, but I DO open them rather wide. I pucker my lips outward and my mouth and lips engulf your tool shaft as far around as I can easily reach. I press my tongue against the soft urethral tube, now running across my rotated mouth. I return to the shaft stroking that my hand had been doing, this time using my lips and tongue. I run them from base to tip to base to tip, over and over.

My hand with the two fingers in your ass has, until now, been palm down. Without removing either finger any more than a fraction of an inch, I slowly rotate that hand until it is palm up. I would like to think that this sensual slow motion activity was purely an act on my own; however, I have to admit that it was partially due to having to wait for willing acceptance of the rotation by your sphincter muscles. Slowly, however, they gave way and as I continued to rub my lips and tongue along your thickness, my other hand's thumb always in place to prevent prematurity, my anal probing fingers found themselves palm upward.

As I reach your turgid tip once more, I move to engulf your shaft more traditionally, bottom lip and tongue against bottom of dick, top lip against top of dick, that dick aimed at the back of my throat.

I pause there, my tongue smoothly, but now more rapidly, swashing and slathering saliva against your engulfed engorgement.

I bend my two fingers that are buried in place in your ass upward. I probe for your prostate gland. I bet if more doctors used this technique for prostate exams, that more men would be willing to receive them, even upon every doctor's visit!

As my fingers probe, I suddenly even violently force my head downward, lips and tongue pressing hard against your shaft, your grand gland deep paste my mouth, into my throat. You have always enjoyed my deep throat technique, and now that you have been such a good boy and willing student, you get your reward (and I get mine). I pull upward away from you until your cock is almost removed from between my lips, your shaft now covered with spittle. Again, I thrust downward to the base of your shaft, my lips and nose buried against your hairless abdomen. Again, I pull away, again, to the very limit without complete withdrawal. Again, downward, again, upward, over and over, as if I am fucking you with my mouth, as indeed I am.

I repeated contract my fingers against your prostate and then release them. I continue to deep throat pump you cock into my expectant mouth and throat.

Fuck my mouth, lover, fuck my mouth.

Shoot your juice, lover, shoot it down my throat.

Cum in my mouth, lover, give me what I want, what I need.

I become a machine geared toward your building explosion growing inside of your genitals. My fingers pressing against your prostate, my head bobbing up and down on your tool, I crave to drink you down.

I finally release my thumb from the task of confining your explosion. I move my freed hand to your abdomen. I press my nails against the skin of your abdomen. I scratch them along that skin, immediately leaving angry read welts in their wake.

It is time for your reward now lover. It is time for my reward now lover. It is time for our reward now lover.

I can feel you build. I can tell the last second further engorgement of your cock. Cum for me. Cum in my mouth. Cum down my throat. I want to taste you. I need to taste you. Shoot for me.
