 Note: this is the third installment of the New Nanny series. This installment takes a while to build up.

*****

I was in trouble. Not in trouble at my university, the term had only started a few weeks ago and I was doing fine. Not in trouble doing my job, as a part-time nanny I was having a blast with two wonderful boys. But I was in trouble, nonetheless. I was sleeping with my boss and landlord, the father of the kids for whom I was a nanny who also provided the small apartment I lived in attached to the main house in which he and the boys lived. I wasn't being forced or held captive or anything, unless I was being held by my own crazy emotions. I just couldn't get enough of my new lover, Bill.

Even the word lover was something of a troubling compromise. I'd started calling us lovers because I couldn't classify what we were to one another. He wasn't my boyfriend. We weren't "Facebook Official" or even public in any way. We weren't, as my girlfriends would say, fuck-buddies. I thought too much of Bill to consider him just a booty call, a way to satisfy an itch. Bill was the first thing I thought of when I woke up and the last thing I thought of when I went to bed. I got turned on thinking about him while I was in the shower, in class and in the car. I couldn't stop the butterflies in my stomach whenever the thought of his blue eyes popped into my mind. But to him I was...well, I didn't know what I was and that's why I was in trouble.

When Bill and I were alone together, when the boys were asleep or playing in another room, I'd find excuses to be touch or be touched by him. I loved the feeling I got when he would stand beside me and run his fingers up my rib cage or down my back. He had a way of tickling my earlobe that sent shivers down my spine and jolts across my belly. Sometimes he would stand behind me and grab my hips, hips that I thought were too big, but which he said were perfect, and pull me back into him so I could feel his erection. He always seemed hard whenever I was around. I got wet thinking about how he would wrap his arms around me, one hand across my abdomen, the other cupping my breasts and teasing my sensitive nipples.

In the three weeks since I'd moved into the nanny's apartment we'd been sleeping together as often as possible. He was a considerate partner. I came at least once almost every time we had sex. He could be tender; as he'd been on the first night we'd been together, and forceful, as he'd been on the second. He was creative and playful and on days when I didn't see him, when he was teaching classes or writing, I masturbated thinking of his tongue on my body as I'd pinch my nipples and hump my pillow.

I needed to clear my head and do something to shake myself out of this infatuation. I felt like I needed to shake things up. So, I was looking forward to Friday night, an off-duty night with no nanny responsibilities. The boys would be with their mother and Bill hadn't asked me to anything. I'd made plans to have dinner with some girls from the university and go to an off-campus house party with them. I thought that a night with a few drinks, and some dancing and fun might bring me back to my senses.  

Even so, it was hard to turn Bill down when he asked if I wanted to have dinner with him and a friend at home on Friday night. When I told him I had plans he looked disappointed for a second, but covered it up quickly saying, "Good. You need to get out and have some fun." He didn't show any jealousy or possessiveness. I wasn't sure whether I liked that or not.

When Friday evening rolled around I primped a bit in my apartment before meeting the girls. I drank a hard lemonade and hopped in the shower and I had another as I sat naked putting on my make-up. I looked at myself in the bedroom mirror, squeezing my C cup breasts and sucking in my tummy. I try to stay fit, but even with Bill telling me he thinks my body is beautiful sometimes I wish I was taller than 5'4" and thin and leggy rather than petite and curvy. 

With a sigh I got dressed for my girls night with a pale blue matching bra and thong, a pair of tight jeans and a little camisole that let my belly peak out. With a pair of strappy sandals on my feet and my little purse I was ready to head out. I did a little twirl in the mirror and felt a bit dizzy, two drinks and I was already a bit tipsy. I giggled at myself, what a lightweight.

Since I had a few minutes before I had to head out I thought I'd say good-bye to Bill. Really I was hoping he'd cop a quick feel. I love having his hands on my body. I hadn't even left on my adventure-to-forget-my-boss, but I was already thinking about coming home to him. My nipples, always sensitive, began to harden as I thought of surprising him with some late night sex when I got home. My apartment has an exterior door and a door that leads into the house. I took the back door through the house down to the kitchen.

That's when I heard voices coming from the kitchen, Bill's voice and a woman's voice. I couldn't make out the words, but I heard talking and laughing. He was having dinner with a woman? My stomach dropped. Was this the dinner he'd invited me to or had he made other plans when I told him I was going out? Instead of walking in for a cool, casual good-bye I involuntarily hurried into the room, pushed the kitchen door open too hard and, as it slammed, stood stupidly in the doorway. In the split second the door flew open I caught a glimpse of Bill gesturing with chef's knife as he told a story or joke and of a woman's back. She was taller than me, maybe 5'8" or so, with a thin, runner's build, a tight ass and long legs. Her hair was reddish blond and done in a bun at the back of her neck. I saw the sparkle of golden, dangling earrings.

"Adrienne," Bill greeted me with a smile, "what a surprise. I was just telling Diana she was going to miss you."

Diana? The woman turned and I suddenly recognized Bill's dinner guest. "Dr. Pacton," I said, "What are you doing here?" Diana Pacton had been one of my community college instructors. Not only had she encouraged me to attend the university to study child development, but she had also given me a lead and recommendation for my job as a nanny for Bill's boys.

"It's just Diana now, Adrienne. You're not my student anymore. Bill and I are old friends and I'm in town for conference at the Uni. He was nice enough to invite me to stay."

Bill had invited her? This tall, beautiful professor? To stay? What did that mean? How close were they? I stood dumbfounded.

Diana covered the silence gracefully. "Look, Bill and I are having a scotch. Would you care for one?"

I'd never had scotch before, but I was damned if I was going to let her know that. I quickly took the tumbler she offered and slugged back the drink. Immediately. I choked and coughed. Tears filled my eyes.

"Whoa, tiger. Go easy there," Diana said. "Just sip it, inhale the vapors." She poured another glass, added a few drops of water and handed it me. I sipped it cautiously. It didn't bite. "That's it. Actually taste it."

Bill said, "I told Diana you had plans and couldn't join us for dinner."

"Actually," I lied, "I'm not going out until later. I guess I can stay if I'm not a third wheel."

"Great," Bill said with a smile. His eyes crinkled at the corners and the dimples came out on his face.

"Great," said Diana. I couldn't tell if she was smiling or not.

Over the next half hour we finished preparing dinner and setting the table. Diana and Bill talked about professors they knew, articles they'd read and university politics. I snuck off a quick text to my girlfriends telling them I'd join them later at the party and pretended to follow along with conversation in the kitchen.

"Adrienne, honey, will you choose a bottle of wine from the rack?"

That was Diana. I didn't like the way she called me honey and I didn't like the way she made herself at home in Bill's house. I also didn't know a single thing about wine, so I grabbed the first bottle with a pretty label that I saw.

We sat down and Bill poured for Diane and I. He was still nursing his scotch, but we had both finished ours. Diana sipped the wine and grimaced, "God, this is so sweet. Adrienne," she complained looking at the label, "this is a desert wine."

Bill stood up and said he had a dry wine in the fridge. As he got a glass for himself and Diana I called out, "None for me, Bill. This is EXACTLY the wine I want." I topped off my glass and took a big sip. It was sweet, and strong, but I was not going to let Diana know that I thought so.

For the next hour or so we ate and talked. Bill was charming and engaging. Diana asked me a lot of questions about classes at the university compared to community college. I replied honestly, but didn't choose to engage her. When my glass was empty she refilled it. Every time she did I drank it off like it was a challenge. 

I sat next to Bill, but was careful not to touch him or lean too close to him. Once he put his hand on my knee, but I was so aware of Diana sitting across from us I just froze for a moment. From where I sat I was able to look at her closely. She was about forty-five, older than Bill, and had silver streaks in her reddish blond hair. She had pale skin with light freckles that traced all the way down her neckline to where her blouse came together over her small breasts. Thin and graceful, she was in short, just about the most beautiful middle-aged woman I'd ever met. I felt small sitting across from her. My glass was empty, so I took a big sip of Bill's nearly untouched wine.

"Adrienne?" Bill was saying. "Are you going to meet your friends? Maybe I should get you a cab or something?"

"Wha-?" I asked. I'd been daydreaming or something and had lost track of time. "I'm going. It's not late. I Jus' need to pee."

I stood up and suddenly the whole room seemed to spin. I caught myself on the doorframe behind me, banging my shoulder on the side as I made my way to the bathroom. I did a quick calculation, two hard lemonades, two scotches and a whole bottle of wine. Damn, I was drunk. I fought to unbutton my tight jeans and forced them quickly down my legs. My thong was twisted or somehow and I only got it partway down before I sat down hard on the toilet. I closed my eyes as I felt the urine flow and I tried to make the room stop spinning. I really did have to pee and it was a relief to feel it course out. I sat for a moment and sighed with satisfaction. My relief, though, was short lived. When I opened my eyes I was looking straight into the dining room. I had forgotten to close the door and was staring straight at Bill and Diana.

I was so embarrassed. I didn't care if Bill saw me pee, but Diana was looking at me with a little smile on her face. I looked back stupidly and felt myself go red. "Stop looking at me!" I shouted and tried to stand and close the door at the same time. Unfortunately, my tight jeans were tangled around my ankles and my head was spinning. I tripped and fell on my side into the dining room, dripping pee on my thong and down my legs. 

Then it seemed a thousand things happened at once. Bill ran over to me. Diana burst out laughing. I started to cry as I tried to sit up, the cold dining room floor had against my naked bottom. Diana bent over unstrap my sandals and said, "Honey, you are a hot mess."

"What do you want?" I heard myself say to her. "You can't have Bill. I want him." I was slurring and blubbering, half-naked in front of her.

Diana wrenched my wet jeans and thong off, at that point there was no way I was getting them back on, and laughed again, "Oh my God, Adrienne." She was finding it hard to talk she was laughing so hard. "I don't want Bill. I'm gay!"

"Gay?" The idea took a second to penetrate my wine-sodden mind. Then I realized that I was sitting with my legs spread open on the floor showing my trimmed pubic hair and everything else to both Diana and Bill. "Oh shit!"

I curled my legs up under my chin and hid my face behind my knees. 

"Yes, gay," said Diana, "And I know you're with Bill. I'm not here to intrude."

I looked up at her. "But I am jealous." She said, "You are an amazing girl, Adrienne. Bill is lucky to have you."

I didn't know what to say. I looked to my right where Bill was crouching next to me. His arm was around me, supporting me. I leaned into him and kissed him. Thank God he began to kiss me back. I wrapped both my arms around his neck and kissed him as deeply as I could. I wanted to put every feeling I'd had for him that night, all of my stupid jealousies and anxieties into that kiss. Bill replied with his mouth and lips and tongue. I went limp against him, lying back on the hard floor, not caring about Diana, or dinner or anything except kissing this man.

Not caring that is, until I felt another pair of hands on me, too. Diana's hands had never left my legs and after she'd helped me off with my pants. As I kissed Bill I felt a soft touch begin to glide up my calves. I was shocked - and torn. I was exploding with pent up feelings. As I kissed Bill I felt flushed, my breasts seemed to engorge. His strong hands gripped my face and his tongue made its way across my neck. My nipples harden were like rocks, my stomach buzzed and I felt myself get wet. At the same time, I had another pair of hands - woman's hands - were tracing up my legs. They felt wonderful, too, but a voice in my head was telling me to stop, that I wasn't gay.

"Hey. Wait," I said disentangling from Bill. Bill continued to kiss my neck, down to my collarbone. That spot was like a switch that got me even wetter. With one hand he held my hair back while he pulled at my breast and nipple with other. He'd pushed my bra over my breast and his hand on my skin felt incredible. 

"Wait." I said again. Nobody was listening to me.

That's when I felt a second set of lips. Not on my face of neck but on my calf. It was Diana. Her tongue swirled over my calf muscle. She kissed the sensitive spot, the little pad on the inside of my knee and then she lifted my bent leg in the air and began to lick and suck her way up the back of my thigh.

"No. I mean, Ahh...umm. Oh!" She bit me! Right in the fold where my thigh, buttocks and groin came together. I swear I started to gush. And then she was off again her tongue tracing back down toward my knee on the inside of my thigh.

Bill had pushed me back down on the floor as I had begun to sit up. He locked his tongue on one breast and twisted and pulled at the other. I no longer wanted any of this to stop. With my right hand I pulled Bill's head into my chest. My nipples were sensitive at the best of times. Now every lick and pull sent a jolt to my pussy. With my left hand I reached for Diana.

"Let's get to bed." Diana's voice was huskier than it had been earlier. The three of us stood up together. I pulled off my top and dropped it and my bra in the hallway. Diana walked in front of us. She'd taken off everything except for a pair of pink panties. Her long legs were pale in the half-light. She had the most beautiful ass I think I'd ever seen. Bill followed us to his bedroom. He caught me once when I stumbled and fell back against him, his erection pressed into me.

In the bedroom Diana climbed onto Bill's big king-sized bed. On all fours she pulled the covers back. Her panties rode up the crack of her bottom emphasizing her every movement. I crawled up beside her and kissed her neck and chin. She was the only woman I had ever kissed, had ever wanted to kiss. She turned and pressed her small A-cup breasts into mine. I shivered as one of her nipples grazed my nipple and I felt the bed move as Bill climbed in behind me.

Diana lay on her back as I sucked on one breast and then the other. I was in too much of a hurry to get further down, though. I'd explore her breasts later. I ran my tongue around her belly button and inhaled the scent of her arousal. Did I smell like that? Hot and musky and sexy? God, I hoped so. 

I pushed her thighs apart making a butterfly of her legs. I could see spots of wetness through her panties. She was dripping for me. I pulled the crotch of her panties aside and took a close look at Diana's sex. She had reddish hair in a wild bush. I nuzzled her and felt her moist hair brush my lips. I ran my left hand over her labia and supported her bottom with right hand, my right thumb simply sliding in her wet pussy. Now it was Diana's turn to moan. I'd never gone down on a girl before, but I knew what I liked, so I tried to do that. I kissed her outer lips and kneaded her cunt with my mouth. I ran my tongue in circles into her. Going deeper with each lick. I kept pressure on her with my thumb jerking in and out of her. Finally I settled my tongue on her clit making hummingbird quick motions against the bud. 

"Ahh...coming!" Diana groaned. Her orgasm was beautiful. I kept licking her until she forced my head away. Turning I saw Bill, now naked with his erection in his hand staring at us. 

"I want you now." I said and pushed him backwards on the bed. I sank at once onto his hard dick and exhaled. I'd wanted him in me so badly. As I began to grind on his shaft I felt Diana's warm breasts and body cover my back. Her arms reached around my breasts. "I love your soft tits." She said.

I would have had that moment last forever if I could have, but Diana had other ideas. While I rode Bill she let go of my breasts and pushed me forward. I had Bill's dick in me as I felt her hands on my ass. Bill rolled suddenly onto his side, still in me, still moving in rhythm when I felt Diana push the cheeks of my ass apart. I'd never done anything anal before. I was too startled or maybe too drunk and too horny to react with anything other than another moan, though, as I felt her tongue lick me from top to bottom. Bill pushed into me, I ground back at him and Diana's tongue made circles around and around my anus. It felt so good it was excruciating. I came with a scream and half passed out in a daze on the bed. 

When I came to a few minutes later I smelled sex and heard wet noises. My head was on Bill's chest and I looked down to see the top of Diana's head bobbing on Bill's hard-on. I should have been jealous, but I was too satisfied and groggy to care. I kissed Bill as he came and Diana snaked her way up the bed to us. I fell asleep for real then, with Diana's hand cupping my breast, listening to Bill's deep, heavy breathing beside me.