 As a nurse, I’d watched him work in the operating room many times. Each time, I couldn’t stop looking at his hands. As a surgeon, I know he had gifted hands. I’d watched him perform intricate techniques on people and was also amazed by his skill. But as a woman, I wanted his hands on me, feeling me, touching me. While we were in surgery together, I had to force myself to concentrate on the here and now instead of on my fantasies. I wasn’t even sure if Dr. Thomas was aware of how I felt.

One evening, Dr. Thomas and I were working the midnight shift. One of the operating rooms had been taken out of rotation for the night. Something about a mechanical problem with some of the equipment. Dr. Thomas had asked if I could help him check out the equipment so we could get the room back in cycle. Being down an operating room is not easy. The sooner the room came back up, the better. 

When I arrived at the operating room, no one was there. I turned the low lights on and started to look around, checking the locked stock of medication on hand. After about ten minute, the door swung open. Dr. Thomas entered wearing his trademark blue jeans (all the nurses love those jeans - he has a really cute ass), polo shirt and his white coat. 

“Glad you could join me, Margo.”

I turned and smiled and then went back to what I was doing. I didn’t hear Dr. Thomas come up behind me. As I grabbed for a clipboard, his hand stopped me.

“That’s not necessary, Margo.”

Dr. Thomas turned me around gently and pushed me back against the operating table, his hands on either side of me.

“I didn’t really ask you in here to help me with all that. Margo, I respect you as a nurse and there’s no one else I’d rather have assist me in surgery, but lately, you’re mind has been elsewhere. I think I know where.”

I was stunned. The picture of his hands on my body, caressing me, playing with me, immediately flashed in my mind. I felt my body flush and my heart start to race. How could he know?

“I think we need to do something about this, don’t you?”

Again, I didn’t say anything. Dr. Thomas reached his hand out and slid it onto my hip. Even through my uniform I felt the heat from his hand and nearly lost it. He looked me in the eyes and smiled. His other hand settled on my other hip and pulled me against him. I could feel him hard in his jeans. He felt huge. He leaned forward and whispered in my ear.

“I want to fuck you on the operating table, Margo.”

His lips touched my neck and I let out a quiet moan. Dr. Thomas’s hands moved up and his thumbs started to caress my nipples through my uniform. My nipples were hard. His fingers quickly unbuttoned the front of my uniform shirt and when his hands slid inside and brushed against my skin, I moaned. His hands were finally on me.

His hands pushed my shirt off and it dropped to the floor. Gently, his fingers moved under the straps on my bra and he pulled them down. I watched his eyes as his fingers reached around and unclasped my bra, pulling it off me and dropping it to the floor. He smiled and his eyes locked on my breasts.

“All I’ve fantasied about is getting my hands on your tits and rubbing them. You have such big tits, Margo, so big and so pale.”

Finally, I said something.

“Touch me. I’ve imagined your hands touching me so many times. I want to feel your hands on my nipples. Touch me.”

I moaned when his fingers closed around my breasts and squeezed. His hands were soft but his touch was firm. His thumbs again grazed over my nipples, this time my bare nipples. I leaned my head back and moaned as his thumb and index finger pressed my nipple between them. Dr. Thomas leaned over and his tongue flicked across my nipple, his fingers rubbing it between them as his tongue licked it. His mouth closed over my nipple, sucking it into his warm, wet mouth. He moaned as his mouth pulled my tit into his mouth, his lips tight over my skin. I pushed my hand into his hair and held him against me. His mouth moved to my other nipple and the cool air in the operating room made my wet nipple even harder.

Dr. Thomas stood and looked at me. His mouth was red and swollen from sucking my nipples. His right hand pulled on the drawstring of my uniform pants. Opening them, he slid his hand inside the front and I moaned when I felt his fingers slid inside my panties. I was so wet already. I had fantasized about his fingers touching my wet pussy, stroking me, and now they were. 

“You’re so wet, Margo. Your pussy is so fucking wet and slick. Does that feel good? Do you like that, Margo? Do you like when I touch your pussy?”

The only answer I could give was a moan as I closed my eyes. His finger was pushing up inside me, opening me and then sliding back out. Over and over again, his finger plunged inside and I felt my pulse race even faster. When I felt like I couldn’t take anymore, he pulled his hand out of my pants. Lifting me up and setting me on the edge of the operating table, Dr. Thomas kissed my breasts again. He told me to lift my ass as he slowly pulled my pants and panties off. He stripped them off as he pulled my shoes off, tossing everything into a pile. I was naked on the operating room table and he was still fully dressed.

Dr. Thomas opened my legs wide, his hands squeezing my thighs and massaging them. Again, his hands were doing exactly what I had always wanted them to do. And it was incredible. His hands slowly moved upwards, feeling their way through my soft bush. The tips of his fingers played in my blonde curls and then touched the tip of my pussy. I moaned and arched my back.

Putting my hands on his shoulders, I braced myself as I felt his finger slip slowly inside me. My breathing was fast and hard as his finger moved in and out, then he pushed two fingers, and then three fingers inside my tight hole. I moaned as he fingered my pussy, stroking me. He twisted his hand and as his fingers plunged in and out of me, his thumb stroked my clit. I moaned, begging him not to stop. My breasts were heaving up and down as my breathing got faster. I moaned as his fingers pushed deeper and my clit tightened up. My orgasm had me shaking and moaning out his name.

When I felt like my legs would hold me again, I slipped off the table and leaned against him. My hands moved down between us as Dr. Thomas kissed my mouth, his tongue probing between my lips. I undid the zipper on his jeans and pushed his jeans open. His cock was hard when I reached inside and took hold of him. His tongue pushed deeper into my mouth as my fingers wrapped around his solid member. His hands moved from my shoulders to my breasts as my fingers slowly worked his cock. 

Sliding down in front of him, I looked up at him and then lifted the tip of his cock to my lips. He was huge, thick and long, just the way I’d imagined him to be. He took his cock in his hands, pushing mine away from him. I watched as his fingers, the same fingers I’d dreamt about, rubbed up and down his cock. Holding his cock for me, he pushed it against my lips. I opened my mouth and took him in. Dr. Thomas moaned and pushed his cock in and out of my mouth. My hands went round and grabbed his ass, pushing him to me. My mouth moved up and down his cock, sucking him slowly. 

Dr. Thomas moved his hands from his cock to the back of my head. Guiding my head up and down on his shaft, his hands pushed and pulled my mouth up and down his cock. Moving my hands back around, I took him in my hand and sucked just the tip of him before licking the underside of his cock. Dr. Thomas moaned and thrust his hips forward. Alternating between his cock and his balls, I sucked first one then the other. As my mouth pulled his balls into my mouth, Dr. Thomas moaned, telling me to suck him harder, then telling me to stop.

I looked up at him and he smiled. He lifted me up, turning me around to lean over the operating table. Pulling a condom from his coat pocket, I watched him open the packet and slide the condom over his raging cock. Opening my legs wider, I bit my bottom lip waiting for his cock to enter me. I didn’t wait long. Grabbing my hip with one hand and his cock with the other, Dr. Thomas slowly guided the tip of his cock to my pussy. I moaned as he pushed inside, separating my pussy lips with his tool. I was tight and he was thick. It was incredible.

Slowly, Dr. Thomas pushed his cock inside me, and then pulled back out. Thrusting gently in and out, he fucked me with a patience I didn’t have. I pushed myself back against him, begging him to fuck me harder. Grabbing my ass in both his hands, he finally plunged his cock deep inside my pussy. We both moaned. I pushed back against him, my breasts bouncing down off the edge of the table. The sound of his balls slamming against me echoed in the operating room. He fucked me hard and I loved it.

Dr. Thomas moved, turning me sideways and lifting my leg up and around him. With my legs spread this way and leaning against the operating table, his cock pushed even further inside me. His fingers played with my pussy as his cock drilled me, fucking me harder and harder. I was moaning, begging him to fuck me, to fuck my pussy. Dr. Thomas moaned and he thrust deeper. My pussy tightened and I came hard over his cock, squeezing down around him. Dr. Thomas pushed another two times and them pulled out. 


I fell to my knees, jerking the condom off and tossing it to the floor. His cock spewed as his hands jerked it, shooting his warm cum onto my tongue. I took his shaking cock in my mouth, sucking him clean. His hands stroked my face as I swallowed every last drop.

I don’t have to fantasize about Dr. Thomas touching me anymore. I never realized how often the operating rooms are empty at a hospital. Now, I know.