 John liked the finer things in life, fancy cars, fine champagne, huge houses and of course, beautiful women. He was quite the Don Juan for a man his age. At 52, he stood 6'3, a strapping 250 lbs with gorgeous silver hair and hypnotizing blue eyes. All the women wanted him, even their daughters. John had always been an upstanding member of his community, well respected, loved and extremely popular. So it was no surprise that he had a different woman on his arm for each social function. 

One muggy August night John escorted a beautiful older woman to a fund raiser. Of course everyone's head turned when they entered the room. All the women were envious of the lucky woman who had caught John's eye. All night they danced, laughed and became the life of the party after a few glasses of wine. John's date excused herself to go powder her nose, leaving him alone at the table. He did his normal job of working the room, trading quips with the other males, comparing dates. 

But his attention soon was turned to a gorgeous young woman who entered the room, alone. He was speechless by her beauty. She was like an angel standing there in a long flowing red gown, her long red hair put up in a sweeping style off her neck, her gorgeous green eyes sparkled as they caught the lights from the chandelier. She was an 18 year old sex siren and she knew it. He wasted no time asking one of the waiters who the beautiful young woman was.

"Oh that's Skye," replied Andrew, the head waiter, also a close friend of the family.

John smiled as he got up from the table to introduce himself. But he was stopped by his date for the evening.

"John, where are you going in such a hurry darling?"

"I'm sorry Betty, there's someone I need to speak to, go back to the table and I'll join you in a bit," he answered.

She smiled and kissed his cheek before making her way back to the table with the other guests.

"Hello dear," he said, walking up to the young vixen, "My name is John."

She smiled coyly as she began to blush,"Hello John, I'm Skye."

"It's a pleasure to meet you Skye," he said before kissing her soft hand.

She giggled as she watched him take her hand into his.

He became intoxicated by the taste of her skin, the smell of her perfume.

"Won't you join me at my table, Skye?," he asked, smiling.

"Thank you John, I'd love to but I must find my father, Mr. Gordon," she answered.

"Marshall is your father?" John asked, surprised.

"Yes, yes he is," she said, smiling.

"He never told me he had such a beautiful daughter," said John, flirtingly.

"Come with me Skye, your father is at my table."

She followed the tall handsome stranger to his table where she was greeted not only by her father but, what seemed to be, the cream of the social crop.

"Daddy!," she squealed as she embraced him tightly.

"Hello darling, I'm glad you made it," he said, "Everyone this is my daughter, Skye, she'll be working for me this summer before she heads off to college."

John could not take his eyes off the young beauty. All night, thru drinks and idle chit chat, John and Skye made eye contact many times. 

"Skye darling, John is the vice president of the company, he organized this shindig tonight, you'll be working very closely with him this summer," Marshall said.

Skye smiled at John, and at that moment, stole his heart. 

"I look forward to it," said Skye.

The evening eventually wrapped up and everyone said their polite goodbye's. As Marshall and Skye prepared to leave, Skye suddenly had to excuse herself.

"Daddy, please excuse me, I need to go to the ladies room before the long drive home," she said.

"Take your time darling, I'll be waiting in the car," he said, turning to leave the building.

John happened to notice Skye walking towards the back of the building towards the bathrooms.

"Betty, honey, please excuse me, I seem to have something in my eye, I must go to the men's room, go out to the car and I'll join you shortly," he said, kissing her her cheek.

She happily obeyed, leaving John alone to his desires. As he walked past the cleanup crew and the sea of half empty champagne glasses, thoughts of Skye raced thru his mind.

He looked around, making sure no one would notice him entering the ladie's room.

"Skye, are you in here?" he whispered.

"Y-yes, ummmm who are you?" she asked.

"It's me, John," he said.

"Ummm, why are you in the ladies room, John," she asked, giggling.

His face became hot as he struggled to find an answer. 

"I need to talk to you for a moment," he said.

Skye emerged from the stall and John's heart almost stopped.

"What is it John," she asked, checking her makeup.

He could not say anything. All he could do was stare. Her body was perfect, her face so angelic and beautiful.

"John?" she asked, "Are you alright?"

"Y-yes, I'm fine, I'm fine, listen, I need to ask you to do something but it must stay between you and I," he said, walking in and closing the door.

She faced him, smiling and asking, "What can I do for you John?"

His eyes could not stop staring at her gorgeous body. Her perfect tits, the way they filled out the bodice of the gown, her small dainty hips. She was walking perfection.

Skye grew tired of waiting for an answer and assuming that John was probably lit anyway, she walked over to the door.

Just then, John grabbed her gently and pushed her against the door, kissing her wildly and passionately. She did not fight him, she had sensed an attraction between them all night.

His hands wasted no time sliding behind her back to unsnap her dress, allowing her beautiful full breasts to bounce free. He became rock hard instantly feeling them press into his chest. His warm mouth moved to her nipple, gently sucking it in and caressing it with his tongue. She moaned softly, running her fingers thru his soft silver hair. Her other hand slid her gown to her ankles, revealing the fact that she had been pantiless all night. 

John again kissed her soft lips, then moved his mouth to her ear, whispering, "Skye I want you."

She wasted no time reaching down and ripping the button from his slacks, sending it across the bathroom floor. Her small hands ripped the zipper allowing John's pants to fall to his ankles. She became even more excited when she saw how large and hard John was. His cock caused a massive bulge from his boxers.

"Lie down on the floor baby, very carefully," he whispered.

She stepped out of her gown, leaving it in a crumpled heap on the floor. John took her hand and led her to the middle of the floor, and they kissed as their bodies melted. 

The floor was cold on her bare back, causing her nipples to become rock hard. John smiled when he saw them pucker up and rise from her beautiful breasts.

He wasted no time gently climbing on top of her and straddling her face as he brought his mouth to her young, slippery pussy. She gasped as she felt his tongue flick her clit. She quickly took his cock into her mouth, sucking it like a pro as he sucked her clit. Her young mouth moved up and down his shaft as it throbbed inside her cheeks. The more she sucked, the harder John licked her pussy, finally inserting 2 fingers deep into her wetness. 

She moaned loudly as he stretched her, pumping his thick fingers in and out. His tongue licking her pussy like a lollipop. She worked her mouth up and down his cock, tightening her lips around the base each time she went down. Her other hand slid under his thighs, rubbing his balls which were very tight. She could feel him moving his hips, fucking her mouth and she raised her hips to meet the thrusts of his fingers. They were in perfect rhythm fucking each other.

She felt John begin to fuck her mouth faster as she slid her other hand up to rub his ass. He moaned as he sucked her pussy. Her breaths were fast and pant like as she continued to suck her lover's cock. She knew he was about to unload in her mouth so she gently, yet quickly slid a finger in his ass, pumping it as she milked his cock. He raised his mouth off her pussy long enough to moan and let her know that he was completely enjoying her finger in his ass. So she began pumping harder and deeper, finger fucking him as his mouth molested her pussy.

"Oh fuck Skye, I'm ready to cum," he shouted, not caring who heard. 

So she fingered faster, nearing her own climax.

Her mouth slid up and down John's cock, taking him deep into her throat with each thrust and seconds later she felt his warm ropes of cum fill her mouth. She eagerly sucked his cock, still fingering his ass as his hips pumped her. She spread her legs as wide as they would go and her muffled moans bounced off the walls as she squirted her sticky sweet juices into his mouth, feeding him her innocence. 

For a moment, all was silent, just their heavy breathing as Skye gently slid her finger from John's ass and he removed his fingers from her pussy. He rolled off of her, lying down on the floor beside her. No words were spoken as they dressed, having forgotten about the 2 people that were waiting outside for them. John helped Skye snap her dress and he slid his pants up from his ankles as she reapplied her lipstick. 

"Going to be an interesting summer darling," he said, smiling, as they both left the bathroom.