 I walk into the conference room for the Senate Committee meeting for the Energy and Environment Committee and your eyes are instantly undressing me. I feel self conscious as I walk to my table with the rest of my party. I sit next to my fellow senior Senators and look at you and smile. I know you are looking under the table at my legs so I spread them quickly so you alone can see I’m not wearing any panties. You smile more as I ignore you and talk to the senior Senator of the group. This turns you on even more. I see the look on your face and know once we get back to my office after the meeting, the sex is going to be amazing. Then again when is it not? 

The meeting ran on and on as we sneak glances at each other. I lick my lips every once in a while to drive you crazy because you know that soon enough those lips are going to lick you into a frenzy. Finally we can leave and we exit the building in opposite directions. I know that in 20 minutes, I’m going to be moaning your name. 

You walk into my office and lock the door behind you. You spin me around and bend me over my desk as you kiss my neck. I moan softly. You lean into my ass and I can feel how hard you are already. I rub my ass against you and I can swear you’re getting harder by the second. You pull my top off and start playing with my nipples. My that feels so good. I unbutton your pants and they slide to the ground. I find you so sexy in dress clothes. I loosen your tie and kiss you hard. I smile at the thought of what people would think if they knew what we were doing in my office. There’s a substantial budge in your black silk boxers. I help you out of your shirt then slide my hand inside your boxers. As I stroke you, you undo my skirt and it too falls to the floor. You play with my garters and tell me I look sexy. I pull down the boxers and drag you to the couch and make you sit so I can suck you. I gently suck the sides of your cock, making you harder with each attempt. You moan my name and let my hair down from the schoolteacher bun I always wear. I put my whole wet mouth on you and you moan. I take most of you and start giving you the best blowjob of your life. You cum in my mouth and I take it all. 

You rest a few minutes while you watch me play with my clit on the floor in front of you. I throw my head back and moan softly. You see my hot pussy get wet as I rub myself into ecstasy. You suddenly feel yourself get rock hard again and want to join me. You push my hand out of the way and start to lick me. I beg you to tongue fuck me and you oblige. You lick up all my wetness like a child eating an ice cream cone. You can tell that I’m about to cum so you stop what you’re doing and pull me closer to you so that you can rub my clit with your rock hard cock. As I start to cum, you slid into me and thrust into me hard as my orgasm squeezes your huge cock with every thrust. I moan loudly as I find release. I collapse on the floor as my orgasm ends and pant heavily. You lie next to me and kiss me and tell me you love me as I recover. 

As my breathing slows down, you look at me and say “Round three baby. On your knees. It’s my turn to cum that hard.” You get up and go to my desk and go in the drawer for my favorite vibrator and some lube. You kneel behind me and kiss my ass and give it a smack. I laugh and you start to use the vibe on my clit and I squirm with pleasure, backing up into the toy and begging you to fuck me with it. I look behind me and you’re stroking your magnificent cock with one hand and playing with me with the other. You slide the toy in and out of my hot wet pussy and apply lube to my ass. As you fuck me with the toy, you slide a finger in my ass and I moan loader than ever. 

Thank goodness for soundproof offices. As I get hotter and hotter from your finger in my ass, you stretch me out a little more and add a second finger and start to stretch me out so that I’ll be able to take you without too much pain. You lube your cock some more and slowly slide it in my ass. I moan and my entire body shutters with a mini orgasm as you slide it all in. You leave the vibe in my pussy as you fuck my ass. I reach back and use the vibe on myself while you’re in my ass. The vibrations travel to your cock and balls and you get closer to cumming again. I’m close myself and I start thrusting the vibe in my hot box faster. You take the hint and start pounding my ass hard and fast. We both start to moan more and I start pushing my ass into you so you penetrate me deeper. 

You can’t take it anymore and you start to cum as my ass tightens around your spewing cock. I start to cum as I feel your hot load slam in my ass. I beg you not to stop as we cum together. Breathing hard we fall in a pile on the rug and you hold me and kiss me without pulling out. You tell me you love me and we fall asleep on the floor.