 "I parked in the back," I said, bouncing down the last flight of stairs to the garage. 

"I'd like to park in your back..." I could hear the grin in his voice as he followed me to my car. It had been another uneventful, yet wonderful, evening of dinner and TV. He and I had only been dating about six months, but already we had fallen into a predictable, comfortable routine. 

"Are you sure you can't spend the night?" I turned around to see those puppy dog eyes, begging the impossible.

"I'm sure." I turned to the door to give him a quick goodnight kiss. "I wish I could...I love you." 

I leaned in and softly brushed his lips to mine, leaving a hint of a kiss lingering like an unanswered question in the cool night air. I was half a step away when he touched my shoulders, obliging me to spin around and face him once more. 

"Kiss me like you mean it," he whispered in my ear.

His open lips forced mine to meet them, and we interlocked bodies and hands. His tongue greedily found mine as we stood, passionately embraced, kissing for minutes that felt like hours. He ran his hands through my curly brown hair and pushed me against his garage wall. The kiss reached a crescendo and ended as softly as my first good-bye kiss. 

He kissed me once more on the lips and opened his eyes. "So are you really going to leave?" he asked, caressing his left hand down my neck to my back. 

How can a girl say no to that? I forgot all of tomorrow's responsibilities. My early appointments could be postponed, and I was nowhere near too tired to drive home. I giggled and bit his neck playfully as a response.

"Good," he muttered, and hoisted me into the air. With my back against the wall and feet propped up against his brother's Lincoln, I was well positioned to kiss him hard. I grabbed his hair and he lost his fingers in mine as our lips locked and our tongues mashed against each other in a fit of frenzy. I felt his cock stiffen through his work pants, pressing up against the seam in my jeans. After a few minutes, I broke away, flushed and feverish. 

"The neighbors," I whispered, too hot and bothered to say much more.

He wrapped my legs around his waist and carried me over the threshold into his condo. I smacked the garage door button along the way, and we began our kissing anew as the door clanged shut before us. 

He set me on the steps, and we began pawing at each other's clothes. I tore through the buttons on his work shirt, and he fumbled with the clasp on my bra. As my breasts sprang from the confines of the cups, he buried his face in my ample cleavage. I sighed as he took my left nipple, already pert and alert from mere moments of foreplay, into his mouth. He sucked and nibbled his way around my breast, and I began to hastily undo my leather belt from my faded jeans. As I pulled them down my legs, he put his hand on my right breast, and the dual sensation made me moan aloud. I worked on his belt buckle, and he released my breast from his mouth. He fell on top of me as I pushed his pants to the ground, and his boxers quickly followed suit. 

He wasted no time taking advantage of our position. He kissed me deeply as he placed his left hand on my right nipple. I grew hornier by the second as he teased me relentlessly by twirling and pinching the bud of my breast. His right hand caressed down my body and lingered over my burning mound.

"Put your hand inside me," I whispered breathily. He smiled and lightly flicked my erect clit, rubbing my juices around my snatch. I cried out as he continued to tease me mercilessly. My cunt begged to be filled, and I felt his member growing against my thigh with each completed circle of my clit. 

"Turn over," he commanded, and I did as I was told. He spread my legs until my left knee pushed against the banister and my right was forced against the wall. He raised my ass and rubbed his dick against the opening of my hole. "Oh, baby, you are so wet," he said, and his voice sounded so sexy I nearly rammed my back onto his dick. 

He didn't make me wait long. Grabbing onto my hips, he stood on the stairs and shoved his full seven inches inside of my tight hole. He had deflowered me only weeks before, and my recently devirginized pussy had yet to adapt fully to the rough sex he was accustomed to. I winced in pain and pleasure, and lowered my head onto the stairs. He went deep, and as his thrusts increased, the pain decreased. I moaned with pure pleasure as he buried his cock into my hole, and he reached around to my clit. At first, he only lightly grazed my bud, but my vocals grew louder, encouraging him to rub harder and faster.

Soon, he had two fingers rubbing small, fast circles on my clit and he continued to relentlessly pound my tight cunt. I felt myself slipping over the edge into an orgasm. "Baby, may I cum?" I cried, too overwhelmed with pleasure to care about the answer. 

He let me suffer for a few seconds, and whispered, "yes," into my ear. He held on tightly to my abdomen, not stopping the attention to my clit nor my drenched pussy. I felt the burn deep within my stomach, and the first waves of orgasm crashed on to me like welcome relief. I stretched my hands out on the stairs and clung to the short fibers of carpeting. I couldn't muster coherent words, so a loud moan escaped my lips, and each thrust of his cock sent bursts of pleasure through my body. I was electric. 

As the last pang of orgasm ravaged me, I slumped down on the stairs. "Not so fast," he said, "we're definitely not done yet." He pulled his member out of me, and I rolled around on the stairs to look at him. He stood erect in both ways, his cock dripping with the fluid of my passion. I sat up and looked up with him, the glaze of climax still clouding my vision. He arched his back, pushing his dick closer to me. 

I slowly took the head of his penis into my mouth and licked the juices off it. He closed his eyes and grabbed hold of the banister. I moved my mouth farther down his shaft, swallowing my girlcum and his precum off the warm head. He closed his eyes, breathing deeply as I began to bob my head up and down. I used my hot mouth as a pussy, sucking and swallowing, completely enveloping his cock to the back of my throat. 

His dick grew harder and an involuntary moan escaped his lips. I placed my left hand on his balls and gently massaged them. The new sensations made his cock twitch in my mouth. He pulled my head off his dick, pushing my head against the stairs. He dipped his ball sack in my mouth, and I sucked on his rocks until he was close to cumming. "Not yet," I said. My orgasm-ravaged body had recharged, and I was ready for round two.

I stood up next to him and kissed him deeply on the mouth. He gave me a knowing look, and I knew that twinkle in his eye meant we would both get something special on the stairs tonight. He sat down on the steps and pulled me down towards him, with my back facing his chest. He kissed down my back and leaned against the staircase. 

He reached his left hand around my waist and began fingering my pussy, still drenched from our first coupling only minutes before. While tormenting my snatch with a slow, deliberate in-and-out motion with his index finger, he began rubbing circles around the star of my ass.

I drew a short breath in. We had often experimented with anal play during our relationship, and anal orgasms were my absolute favorite. He withdrew the finger from my hole, dragging a trail of wetness from my vaginal canal to the opening of my ass. He was careful to lube up the outside, and poked the tip of his index finger through the opening.

I shuddered as he forced his finger further inside me. Nothing felt more dangerous or wrong than the two of us, sprawled naked on the staircase, while he fingered my ass. He pumped his finger in and out of my ass, picking up speed. After a few minutes, he added a second finger. I groaned, "that's right, sweetheart, finger my ass...fill my ass up and give it to me!"

"Oh, you like that?" he asked me. He removed his two fingers from my ass and I groaned with the thought of delayed pleasure. "You'll get what you deserve..." 

He grabbed my hips and forced my ass cheeks apart. I leaned forward, balancing on the stairs while grabbing both banisters. He guided the tip of his cock to my ass hole, pausing at the entrance before easing it in. "Ready?"

My answer didn't matter -- he was going to fuck me, in the ass, right then and there. He shoved inside, and I winced as his hard cock struggled to enter my ass. The tip of his cock soon popped past the tight ring of muscle, and the pain of anal sex faded into intense pleasure. He gyrated his hips to maximize our pleasure, and I bounced up and down on his cock, relishing in the fullness in my ass. 

He pounded me and I pounded back until our moans of "Fuck! Yes! Ahhhhhh!" melded into a jumbled mess of pleasure sounds. It was impossible to distinguish between our vocals. I rubbed my clit in a frenzy, attempting to quell a fire that burned deep inside my loins. We humped and jostled our way to the finish line.

My orgasm started first. I bounced faster than ever, using the banisters to hoist me up and down on that hard member buried deep inside my ass. My anal muscles clenched hard on his cock, and my breasts jiggled as I called his name in a scream of passion. His hand replaced mine on my clit, and he rubbed so fast his knuckles were a blur of motion between my legs. His other hand wrapped around my abdomen as I came hard, and I heard his "Fuck!"s and "Yes!"s become an indistinguishable yelp of pleasure. As my orgasm reached a peak, I felt hot jets of semen pulse into the upper reaches of my anal cavity. He shot six full bursts into me as the last waves of pleasure subsided.

My ass pulsated as the electricity emanating from my clit washed away. I hoisted myself off his dick and cuddled next to him on the stairs. My mind was reeling from pleasure overdrive, and I could hardly think straight. "Thanks for making me stay," I managed to choke out before collapsing on his bare, heaving chest.

"No problem..." he smiled, and we drifted off into a light snooze in each other's arms, relishing in our submission to pleasure.