 CHAPTER 3

Rhonda was on the phone with Dan, who described how he had damn near had a premature ejaculation. He was a little worried. Rhonda was his friend and his sounding board. She said the usual things about "it happens sometimes" and "don't let it become a THING in your head, it was just the one time," but she knew some bastard had tried to interfere in Dan's life.


She wanted to protect Dan. Who could be deliberately fucking up a happy couple? She DID learn when the next date was, and what, and where. She decided she'd stay near enough at all times to see who wandered by, especially if and when Dan and Giana got down to lovemaking again.

That's why Rhonda was parked across the street from Dan's place when Giana came over before dinnertime. She noted every car and every pedestrian. The happy couple DID smooch and there was some temptation to skip dinner and just rut like crazed weasels, but they believed they would certainly have the chance after the carnival. 

It was dark when the couple came back, holding hands and touching foreheads sometimes. Rhonda saw. She knew it would have been pretty sweet, if she wasn't aching with envy. But she reminded herself that she was on DAN'S side, and that meant protecting him and Giana. With any luck, Giana would come and go in his life, and she'd be there for him. He was only 20, what were the chances he'd marry a girl he dated now? Especially a girl whose ambition was to be a yoga instructor?

Rhonda sat quite still as a car she recognized parked a short way in front of her, and the driver didn't get out. He kept looking toward the apartment house where the happy couple had gone. She reached out with her senses, and sure enough, this jackass was a sorcerer. And he was focusing energy on Dan's apartment.

CHAPTER 4.

Upstairs, Giana was flushed in the face, and they'd barely started kissing. Fact is, the last encounter with Dan was far and away the most remarkable sexual experience she'd ever had, and she wanted more. She wanted Dan, yes, but she figured the - well - MAGIC between them showed there was a real bond there. So her red nipples were swelled just from the anticipation. When the pair began kissing, her puffy areolae grew puffier. They were reaching out for Dan, she thought.

Dan had been careful to jack off, first thing in the morning. He didn't want any replay of the last time's near-premature ejaculation. So he'd drained his semen pipes, knowing that he could go twice more with Giana, if it came to that. He was 20 years old, after all. AND he had kept his touch light on his own cock, he wanted to feel sensitive when they were together.

Rhonda listened to the sort of magic that flowed from Murph's concealed wand. It was . . . huh? Murph was sending fertility energy to Dan . . . making Dan's balls and prostate work super-humanly hard. The idea was that Dan would feel uber-full of cum. It took her a minute to realize - he was trying to make Dan cum too soon, but not with orgasmic energy this time. Murph was just trying to make it impossible for Dan keep all that juice inside. 

And this time panic DID get a hold on Dan, a good, strong hold on him. Giana was petting his erection through his dress slacks, and he had been rubbing her back as they kissed. He felt his balls getting heavier, as if they were plumping up in real time, manufacturing a month's worth of cum in five minutes flat. What the hell was going on?

"Giana, I have a confession." She looked at him with bright eyes. "You turn me on like nobody ever has. I . . . I feel like I'm gonna . . . climax . . . at any moment!" She could see he was unhappy and tense. But his over-excitement made her feel like a goddess! She was THAT sexy in his eyes? She'd been with overeager young men - in fact, with nothing BUT overeager young men, so far. She wasn't going to freak if he came early - she knew he'd make it up to her. So Giana held his cheek to her breastbone, and said "I like YOU. And I like what we're doing. Whatever happens tonight is okay. Okay?" Giana was speaking tenderly, but she felt hot. She felt the power of her sexuality. And she felt that her panties were wet, wet, wet.

Rhonda felt something different: Livid. The rotten beast in that parked car was putting his magic to such an evil use!! She was NOT going to let that shit-bastard get away with it. First she'd thwart him, then she'd report him. Or, just maybe, she would take the magic law into her own hands! But for the moment, she realized she wasn't nearly as strong, magically, as Murph. So how could she save Dan from an enemy's plans?

Upstairs, Giana sat on the bed's edge smiling at Dan, who was standing, adjusting his super-hard cock in his pants. Giana watched him as she unbuttoned her blouse down the front. If his cock could have creaked, it would have, from the fact that every ounce of blood in his body was pounding to get into that erection. She opened the blouse and the moonlight draped the curves of her fabulous breasts. Her tits were so big they made Dan a little frightened, they sat high on her chest and were smooth and baby-soft. She reached behind herself to open the bra - watching his face the whole time. She saw awe and eagerness and worry mixing on his face. What could be making this guy worry?

The lava in his balls was. They had barely started undressing, and he felt as if the cum would start streaming out of his ears. There was a tremendous pressure inside, and he didn't know why this sexual experience was so different from any he'd had before.

Murph knew why. He thought only about what he wanted - to possess Giana. That id-fueled libido energy was sent down his wand and into Dan. Never mind that he barely knew Giana, that they had never had a proper conversation. Murph, like any egotist, wanted things because he wanted them – if he set his sights on a woman, well, he was such a great guy that he must have made a terrific decision, right? His ego was more important than petty things like reality or human relationships.

So Murph had filled Dan with cum. He wanted to make sure Dan couldn't keep from shooting off – way too soon. If Dan went off way too soon and left Giana unsatisfied, well . . . 

Dan had the unbelievable sensation of his balls burning and bloating PLUS the cum-tanks inside starting to weigh on him. His seminal vesicles strained, holding more cum than they'd ever held before. Suddenly, he realized he'd BETTER get his pants off before he wet them. Dan had never cum in his pants in his life, he didn't want to start now.

Peeling clothes as fast as he could, he didn't notice how Giana grinned at him. It was cute, how eager he was. And that cock! Dan's stiffie was as hard as granite, it could barely bounce despite how fast he was moving . . . and Giana took that as a tribute. Being with this boy was certainly food for her ego!

Giana couldn't guess that Dan was a millimeter from spurting hot semen all over her. But Rhonda was tuned in and could feel it. She couldn't stop Murph, she didn't have anything like his force, magically speaking. So what could she do for Dan? She wasn't going to just let Murph abuse his power.

Giana reached out in the half-light of the bedroom to grasp Dan's concrete-hard dick. Dan groaned. He was shuddering with the effort to not just spray that very instant. Giana loved how appreciative he was of her stroking, and began to rub him in earnest. It was a mistake.

Sperm BURST out of Dan, thin white fluid at first, sprinkling in all directions. Giana whooped! This boy was a LOT of fun! (She knew a premature ejaculation when she saw one, but was surprised at how turned on it made her, to think that Dan simply could not control himself around her.)

Soon streams and ribbons of cum were leaping out of Dan and leaving stripes across her breasts, the bed, parts of the wall . . . she'd never seen so much cum. And boy, she thought, that sperm is in such a HURRY to get out! Part of her was disappointed that he hadn't lasted long enough to even start lovemaking, but mostly she was enjoying one of the most amazing unloadings any woman has ever witnessed.

Dan's eyes were squeezed shut. He was panting, and firing sperm as hard as he could. Giana's hand was sill stroking him, and that was about the only thing he could think of in the moment.

Outside, Rhonda knew what she could do. She couldn't stop Murph from making Dan cum way too soon. But she COULD make sure that Dan stayed hard, stayed eager . . . in other words, she was going to make sure that Dan satisfied Giana, that Dan's refractory period would be zero seconds all night. No matter how many times he came tonight, Rhonda wouldn't let him lose his horniness. She wouldn't let him go soft. 

That's what Giana felt, as the cock in her hand finally started to spew only drops of cum. Rather than go soft in her grasp, Dan's cock tilted even higher. She felt that this penis was looking around for something soft and sucky to get into.

Well, that sounded good to her. Leaving the many, many stripes of his cum wherever they had landed, she merely wiped off the mite of cum that clung to his schlong, and put him in her mouth. She didn't move much, at first, just let his cock bask in the loving heat between her lips. It was a lot of cock, but she didn't mind, didn't mind at all!

Dan, on the other hand, went from panting from his swift ejaculation to huffing and puffing like a man climbing 40 flights of stairs. He couldn't believe it, but even after cumming every bit of semen in his body, he felt . . . horny. REALLY horny. His sperm-organs burned deliciously. Was it from overwork? Well . . . not just from overwork. They were filling up. He didn't believe the sensation. He'd just spurt a barrelful! But he felt he might shoot off right now, in her mouth, and he might shoot a LOT.

The rational part of his brain cleared a way through the panic. Don't want to shoot for the second time in two minutes? Get that dick out of her mouth! But how?

Dan smiled weakly, and gently grasped her lush tresses to remove her head from his jerking erection. He kissed her lips and said "Your turn!" and pushed her onto her back.

Giana had very little experience getting cunnilingus, but she was happy for some more. Looking down past the immense mountains of her boobs, she watched Dan lie awkwardly on his stomach, between her legs. 

Now, Dan was thrilled to have his face this close to her pussy. The awkward part was that his cock WOULD NOT bend to let him lie on his stomach. Just the pressure of jamming it into the bed made him feel he might spatter semen again. He did his best to ignore the clamor of sensations from below the waist and just give Giana a good time. He really did want to make her happy.

And he did. The man was a natural, and Giana noticed. He started gently, using a pointed tongue, but soon he was doing her so good that she unthinkingly grabbed his head from behind and mashed him in. This meant she didn't notice when Dan's sperm started blasting out of him again.

He was just doing his best for Giana, and sure he was enjoying himself, but for some reason the sperm levels in him were reaching critical. A few moments later, he was humping the mattress involuntarily. Five seconds later, he was spurting MORE cum, if such a thing were possible. He ground his face into Giana's center, so that she wouldn't notice his jerking and shuddering. It didn't work – she felt it. But she just assumed that he was really into this.

He was, but he was also shooting so much male protein that he knew he'd have to guide the action to the other side of the bed. He was creating an impossibly big wet spot on this side. He was pumping it like a madman. After just a minute of humping a mattress? The fear would come through later, "What the hell is happening to me?" He was orgasming for the second time in five minutes. It had only been a tiny bit of stimulation. What the fuck? But just now too much sperm shooting too soon and so very hard, that was about all he could think of. That, and the steaming pussy in his face. The soft thighs wrapped around him. The whole thing was kind of scary – but it wasn't so bad!

Because she had cum so much and so easily with Dan the last time, she really thought of him as a kind of magician of sex. She had confidence in him. And that made it a lot easier for her to reach orgasm than she used to. She squirmed happily as he went down on her. And pretty soon, she felt hints of an approaching climax. 

So did Dan. This was getting out of hand – was he dreaming? He ate pussy with abandon, now, realizing that whatever was happening was sort of out of his hands. If he was going to have a third cum in 10 minutes with NO stimulation, then this was probably a dream. He abandoned himself to making Giana happy. He cupped her curves, slid his hands under her divine ass, and dove in.

It worked, too – she mewled and melted under his tender attentions, and started to get louder. He felt his cock press into the mattress, stiff as ever, and felt how semen was pounding at the gates to be released. Impossible, he thought, and dove back in to that sweet pussy. Her moans let him know just how close she was getting. And then she was sighing and clasping her soft thighs around him. It was a gentle cum for her, sweet and strong but smooth. Her deep gut-throbs could be read from the clenching of her stomach muscles, from the throbbing of her high-sitting nipples. This climax had a sort of slow roll-out.

Dan, on the other hand, had been trying to enjoy that sweet derierre in his grip, but found in short order that he couldn't hold in the kegful of his own cum any more. With almost no friction, his cock started going off anyway. Once more he was soaking the bed, and his stomach, and his balls – he couldn't imagine why this was happening to him, but his cum supply was simply endless today. The already saturated corner of the mattress muffled the sounds of the DNA-filled fluids flooding out of him. He tried to hold still so she wouldn't notice. He just lay and shot and kissed her thighs and shot and spurt and sprayed. He was starting to be beyond questioning. He was just shooting cum. And more cum.

Suddenly he leapt up, and said "I'll bring you a little towel." It was his chance to wipe some of the sperm off himself, so she wouldn't see. Giana stayed where she was – a little dazed, but very happy. So she lay still. This was lucky. If she had stood to join him, she would have slipped in a Guinness-Book-worthy puddle of Dan's fluids.

After wiping himself down the best he could, he brought a warm, moist washcloth to Giana. Ever after, she'd like one of those after cunnilingus. He dropped a big towel over the small sea of slick emissions he'd left on the floor. 

He tried to snuggle with her for a little, as she seemed so content. And her skin felt so sweet pressed against his. The problem was, his dick was STILL so hard it bounced with his every heartbeat. Worse: Even though he'd just put out a racehorse's load of cum, he felt the sperm tanks in him filling up. Fast.

Giana laughed happily at how very hard his cock was. "Is that for me?" she asked, winking. Dan wanted to say "No hurry," because she looked so mellow and satisfied. But when she draped her fingers across that stiff board of a penis, it sent an erotic charge right through the root of his erection. He considered hurrying into the penetration part of sex, so if he came again he'd at least be doing it in the right place.

Murph was in his car, again, and blasting a seldom-used magic at Dan, making him produce semen at an impossible rate. He figured that either Dan would lose his hard-on after two or three ejaculations, or else Giana would be grossed out by getting an actual pint of sperm on her. Repeatedly.

Rhonda had HER wand out, three cars away. Her spell for stiffening an erection was a commonly used one, but she was casting it again and again and again. She alternated that with a lust spell, but kept that one gentle – she didn't want Giana lusting for Dan more than she would normally, and she didn't want to turn one of both of them into rutting beasts.

Giana, on the other hand, was starting to think that being a rutting beast might not be a bad way to spend this evening. "Are you ready, Dan?" She was laughing kindly at how very hard he was. He noticed how her laughing made her weighty breasts wobble, and the sight alone made a shotglass-full of pre-cum blorp out of him and onto her hand.

"Zeesh!" she cried, shaking off her hand and then wiping it on the side of the mattress. "I guess you ARE ready!" Dan was mortified, but all that hot liquid on her hand struck a note deep inside Giana. She liked it. It smelled . . . compelling. Her nipples stood a little taller.

Not risking conversation, Dan got on top of her and tried not to feel how his every move made the cum-tanks inside him groan. She guided his weeping cock in, and WOW she was hot in there. He wanted to cum right then. He fought against the orgasm, but now he had only his own willpower, Rhonda was busy keeping him horny. It might not have been the most helpful thing, just then.

Within ten strokes, Dan was reaching the point of no return. Just then, Giana, with a sparkle in her eye, said "I want to be on top!" He held her close and rolled them over. He felt the muscles working in her thighs. And she rode him with the kind of enthusiasm only a 20-year-old has.

She wanted to fuck him – not make love, just now, but FUCK. But her massive breasts jounced a little too much for comfort. She slowed down a bit, which let Dan – who was at the end of his rope – tie a knot and hang on. He was trying everything he could to keep the sperm down, in. But that's when Giana unknowingly betrayed him.

She really wanted to rut – but not to have sore boobs. So she settled her steamy cunt right down on him (his substantial erection meant she had to use a little caution, impaling herself on him.) She grabbed his hands, and made him hold the bottom slopes of her breasts. She held them down from above, and started to SLAM herself onto his flagpole of a cock.

As soon as she put his hands on her fabulous tits, he knew he was going to spray sperm. But before it could even get out of him, she started moving with a wham-wham-wham onto his stone-stiff cock, and it was all over. He let loose a barrage of cum that hurt HIM going through the pipes. The tide flowed into her and then down his cock and all over his midsection. She was too into it to notice, at first, that her thighs were getting sticky from all the stuff that was running out of him and across his middle. But soon the slickness of their genitals was impossible to miss. 

Dan was honestly getting concerned – this was not normal. But he was so grateful that his hard-on wasn't deserting him, that he didn't worry about too much else. After all, he had this fabulous woman in bed with him, and that was the number one fact of the evening. If a gryphon had flown in the window, he'd be more interested in sexing up Giana.

Giana felt the slickness between them, and stopped thrusting. Sperm was pouring out of her, in unbelievable quantities. How did she feel about this?

She felt that maybe SHE was in a dream. She felt like a force of nature, of a sexual nature. She did THIS to Dan? She must be AWESOME. She helped him to hold her terrific breasts, and the sight of four hands sliding over those magnificent boobs made him stream even more cum up into her. Dan was rattled, but also really, really excited.

Rhonda, however, was getting tired. Yes, she kept him stiff, she kept him as horny as if he'd never cum. But she was also getting good and tired of Murph. This was a crime he was committing, and she suddenly knew what to do.

There was only one more round of lovemaking that night, Giana was unsure whether the floods of sperm were making her happy, or weirded out. They cleaned up as best they could, but Dan wasn't able to make conversation. He was concentrating on not blasting sperm out while they wiped down the floor or changed the sheets. Every few minutes he'd excuse himself so he could fire a pint or two of hot sperm alone in the bathroom. WHAT was happening here?