 Richard pulled into his driveway, it had been another day of looking at all those hot young girls in his class. He taught chemistry, at the High School, the Senior class.

Richard made himself a bite to eat, and then he went downstairs to his Lab.

Richard had always loved working with Chemistry, and now he was close to inventing something that he had been working on for a long time, a sex potion.

He had tested it out on Monkeys and it worked on them with no side affects, it was time to move on to the next step, Human testing, but who, he thought for a moment.

His next door neighbor Ron, was always complaining about how his wife never wanted to fuck anymore. 

Richard decided he would test it out on Ron's wife Janet. Just a couple of drops in any kind of drink would do the trick.

Richard went over to Ron and Janet's house, he told them he was there to return Ron's power drill.

Ron asked Richard if he would like a beer?

Only if you are both going to join me, I hate to drink alone.

Ron got 3 beers and they sat down and talked. 

Ron excused himself to go to the bathroom.

Just than the phone rang and Janet went into the kitchen to answer it.

Now was Richards chance. He pulled out the bottle of potion and dropped 2 drops into Janet's beer.

Richard finished his beer quickly and Thanked them both, but he had to go, he had some test papers to grade.

About 20 minutes later, Ron was sitting next to Janet on the couch. They had finished their beers, when suddenly Janet pushed Ron back on the couch and started removing his pants.

Ron couldn't believe it, she was like a woman possessed. They hadn't had sex in months, and now she was sucking his cock deep into her throat.

Ron just lay there in disbelief, watching Janet bob her head up and down his cock.

Janet raised up and pulled her top off, along with her bra, and went right back to sucking Ron's cock.

Ron couldn't hold back any longer, it had been so long. He told Janet he was going to cum, and expected her to pull off like she always did.

Janet just kept on sucking, Ron's cock erupted, shooting his load of cum deep down her throat. Janet started swallowing, she gulped down every drop.

Janet stood up and pulled off her shorts and told Ron to lick her cunt.

Ron couldn't believe this, she never talks that way.

She laid down and spread her legs wide. 

Ron knelt between her legs and moved his tongue towards her pussy. As soon as his tongue started licking her, she grabbed the back of his head and shoved his face into her crotch.

Ron was licking her, flicking his tongue against her clit, causing Janet to moan.

Janet told him to stick a finger in her cunt, fuck my cunt with your finger.

Janet was cumming now, like he has never seen her cum before, she was dripping cunt juices.

She pulled his head away from her cunt by his hair and told him to fuck her now.

Janet leaned over the arm of the couch, she wanted to get fucked doggy-style.

Ron positioned his cock, grabbed Janet by her hips and rammed his cock all the way in.

Janet told him she wanted his hard cock, fuck me, fuck my cunt, faster, harder, fuck meeeeeee.

Ron started slapping her ass.

Janet loved it, more, slap my ass, don't stop, oh fuck yes.

Ron was fucking her hard, he could hear his balls slapping against her.

Janet was creaming now, she was having multiple orgasms, wave after wave. 

This sent Ron over the edge, he started cumming deep inside her cunt.

After he pulled his cock out Janet sucked him clean, licking her own cunt juices off as well.

Ron lay back on the couch, he was drained, they had never fucked like that before, even in their younger days. Ron drifted off to sleep.

Janet went into the bathroom to clean up, afterwards she laid down in bed, and fell asleep.

Ron woke up, he noticed that Janet wasn't there, so he walked into the bedroom. She was sleeping, so he let he be.

Ron was watching T.V., in bed with the volume turned down low so not to disturb Janet.

Janet woke up and told Ron she must have fallen asleep, she didn't realize how tired she was.

Ron asked her if she was ready for round two?

Janet looked at Ron with a puzzled look, and asked him what he was talking about?

Ron said sex, do you want to have more sex?

Janet thought he must have dreamed it, and said no, I'm not in the mood, like she always did. 

Ron walked out of the room, he thought to himself, she must be losing her mind.

The next day Richard was out in his yard and saw Ron and called him over to talk.

Ron told Richard, I am starting to wonder about Janet, she has been acting strange.

Richard asked what he meant by strange.

Ron than told Richard that after he left yesterday Janet had practically raped him, she was wild, I've never seen her like that before.

Richard said, well you had told me you weren't having sex, maybe she was finally in the mood.

Ron told him it wasn't just that, she was almost like another person. But later she didn't remember ever having sex at all, as a matter of fact she thinks I dreamed the whole thing.

Richard was amazed, his potion had worked. But, he didn't expect to hear about the side affect, the memory loss.

Richard thought about it for a moment. If the person who uses the potion forgets what has happened, you could have sex with anyone you wanted and they wouldn't remember it ever took place.

Richard decided he had to test it for himself, and he knew just who to test it on.

Richard had a student in his class, Julie, she was the head cheerleader. Julie was a cock tease, she always wore skimpy outfits, thinking it might help her get better grades. Julie had just turned 18 last month, she would be perfect for me to test out my potion he thought.

The fact of the matter was, she was actually failing his class.

Richard brought his potion with him to school the next day.

It was raining out, so cheerleading practice was cancelled.

Julie was in Richards last class of the day. When class ended he asked her to stay behind, he needed to talk to her about her grades.

He told her that her grades were really bad, and he didn't want to fail her. He suggested maybe she could get some tutoring to help her grades.

Julie was upset, she had to pass his course, she asked him if maybe he could tutor her?

He said he would consider it, but she would have to study really hard to bring her grades up.

Julie realized that while they had been talking, her bus had left.

She asked Richard if he could drive her home, seeing as he was the reason she had missed his bus.

He told her he would.

She had to go to her locker and get some books, and told him she would be right back.

She walked out of the room, Richard noticed that she had left her water bottle behind.

Richard quickly grabbed the bottle of water and opened it and dropped two drops of his potion inside.

Julie came back and they were about to leave when Richard noticed the water bottle. 

Richard said don't forget your water.

Julie grabbed the bottle and took a drink as they walked out of the room.

They ran through the rain to Richards car, all the other cars were gone.

Richard noticed that Julie was soaked, her top clung to her large breast, he could even make out her nipples poking out as well.

Richard started the car, but before he could put it in gear he felt Julie's hand at his crotch.

Julie pulled her top off, exposing her large tits. She had already pulled his zipper down and was lowering her head into his lap.

Julie had Richards cock out and was sucking him deep. She wrapped her fingers around his shaft and stroked his cock as she moved her mouth up and down.

Richard looked down at his lap, her Blonde head was bobbing up and down faster and faster.

Julie pulled her lips free of his raging hard cock, she told him she wanted his cock in her cunt.

They moved into the backseat, he was glad he had a big car.

Julie removed the rest of her clothes.

Richard stripped off his pants and sat back as Julie mounted his cock.

He felt her cunt as she lowered herself down onto his throbbing cock.

Julie grabbed her boob and shoved it towards Richards lips, "suck my nipples" she told him.

Richard placed his hands under Julie's ass, squeezing her buttcheeks tight, lifting her up until just the tip of his cock was still inside her.

Every time he did so, Julie would than ram her cunt down hard into his crotch.

Richard was almost biting her nipples now, she didn't seem to mind at all, she was loving it.

Richard was about to cum, he told Julie, she got off his cock and started jerking his cock with her fingers, aiming his cock at her big tits.

His cock started spraying her tits with his load of cum, she kept on jerking him, milking him dry of the last drop.

Julie used her fingers to wipe up the cum that was all over her big tits, and as she did so she would lick her fingers clean.

They quickly got dressed before anyone caught them, and Richard started to drive.

Shortly after Julie had told Richard the address, she fell asleep.

Richard pulled into Julie's driveway, and woke her up with a nudge.

Julie was startled, she didn't remember even getting in Richards car.

Richard told her that he had thought about her request to tutor her, he said he would be glad to help her with her school work.

Julie thanked him and asked him for his phone number so she could call him and arrange when to meet.

She didn't remember a thing about just being fucked, it was almost as if it never happened.

Richard drove home, he had just fucked the head cheerleader, and she wouldn't, couldn't remember.

Richard had no sooner parked his car, when Paula drove up to his house.

Paula and her husband Joe had been friends with Richard for years.

He had always fantasied about her, but of course would never dream of trying anything, for one thing he knew Joe would probable kill him if he ever found out.

Paula was a truly beautiful black woman, 5'6", nice boobs,36C, and a perfectly shaped ass.

Paula told Richard she was there to ask him for his help in arranging a surprise birthday party for Joe.

Richard invited her inside, and told her he would get some paper and something for them to drink while they talked about the party.

Richard handed Paula her drink.

He watched as she drank it, he had used three drops this time.

He watched her closely.

His phone was ringing so he excused himself, he was only gone for a couple of minutes.

When he got back to the living room, Paula has naked, with two fingers ramming in and out of her cunt.

When she saw Richard she jumped up and walked towards him, she grabbed for his belt and quickly she had his pants down around his ankles.

She dropped to her knees and stuck out her tongue and started licking his cock, while jamming her fingers back into her wet cunt.

Richard put his hands on the back of her head and started fucking her mouth with his cock until he shot his load. She tried her best to swallow, but couldn't and some dripped out down onto her tits.

Richard pushed her to the floor and sank down between her out spread legs. She was still fingering herself as he pushed her fingers aside and jabbed his tongue into her wet pussy.

He gently nibbled on her clit, sending her into a wild earth shattering orgasm.

Richards cock was already hard again, and he knew what he wanted.

Richard ran to his room and grabbed a bottle of lube. When he returned she was fingering her cunt again.

Richard pulled her up and bent her over the arm of the couch, he smeared lube all over his hard cock and pulled her butt cheeks apart.

He put the tip of his cock against her puckered asshole and shoved his cock in.

Paula made no sound at all, she was actually shoving her ass back towards him as he fucked her ass.

Richard grabbed her by her hips and pulled his cock back and drove it back in deeply, over and over.

His cock erupted, sending his load of sperm deep in her ass.

He could see his cum, dripping out of her well fucked ass.

He went to the bathroom to get a towel to clean her up, when he returned she was sound asleep.

He cleaned her up, and put her clothes back on her, and sat her on the couch.

He wrote down on the paper a few ideas for the party, and then he woke her up.

Hey, Paula, you dozed off, you look tired, we can finish this later, at least we have a few ideas.

Paula looked at the paper in Richards hand, he had written a few things down, why couldn't she remember.

He walked her to her car, she seemed to be walking a little funny.

He told her to come by again and they would finish what they had started.

Richard walked back into his house, smiling, knowing he could have any woman he wanted.