 I work the graveyard shift at Kinko’s. Yeah, it gets pretty damn boring, but I have a computer with access to the net there, so I won’t complain too much. True, the overnight shift puts a damper on my social life, but hey, it’s more cash per hour, so I’m happy.

I guess I should fill in a few of the blanks about myself. I’m pretty average looking; I suppose, with dark hair and eyes, average weight. The only thing that’s really striking about me is my height. At 6’5, I tower over most of my fellow employees and over all of the women I date. But enough about that. I just want to tell you all about one night last week.

It was about three a.m., and the place was dead as usual. I had just finished up posting on an online forum I frequent, when the bell over the door jangled and a young woman rushed in. I jumped, surprised that anyone would be in tonight (rainy and unseasonably cold), and nearly dropped the keyboard. “Can I help you?” I asked the slightly familiar young lady.

“Hi! You’re Joseph, right?” she enquired, smiling.

Shit. I couldn’t remember her name.

“I…ah…yes…hi! But it’s Joe for short.” I finished lamely.

“No problem. Adrienne,” she said, offering her hand.

Of course, I thought, shaking her hand, I knew her. I just didn’t recognize her. Usually she would dress in long, flowing skirts and dresses coupled with demure sweaters in muted shades. Very librarian-ish, if you will. But tonight, she was anything but. She was dressed to kill, whether that had been her intention or not. It was a sundress, spaghetti strap, A-line style, in an artsy dark greenish blue with random swirls on it in subtle colors. It was extremely short, stopping just a breath and a prayer below her crotch. In addition to that, the top of it was very tight, and I could tell she was braless by her nipples poking through the material. Put all that with pigtails, black platform sandals, and the fact that she was soaking wet from the rainstorm, and she was a veritable goddess to me.

She must have noticed me staring, because she began to apologize. “I’m sorry, I had- ha! – a date this evening. He wasn’t quite what I was looking for, so I left. I don’t drive, so I was walking home when this storm hit. Can I use your phone to call a cab? If it’s not too much trouble?”

I smiled. “You can try, but all the cabstands closed at midnight tonight. Since it’s not a weekend.”

She looked at me with her huge blue eyes. “Dammit! Well,” she continued, “could I wait out the storm here? Would that be ok?”

“You sure could.”

“I won’t get you in trouble, will I?”

Depends on what kind of trouble you’re thinking of, my dear. “No. I’m on for another half hour, and then I go home. They don’t much care what I do, as long as I keep the place clean and manned all night. But you must be freezing. Here,” I said, handing her my hoodie, “that should warm you up. Coffee?”

“Please.” When she slipped the sweatshirt over her long red hair and stuck her arms through, I saw that the hoodie was so large that it covered up her dress entirely. She was so damned adorable to me right then.

We sipped coffee and talked for a while. She was 21, and moved to Pennsylvania from Texas a few months ago. She didn’t speak of any family or friends, really. I also found out that she was a photographer by trade, and enjoyed her job. She was personable, and I was really enjoying our chat. Soon, 3:30 a.m. rolled around, time for me to get rolling. But it was still pouring. Impulsively, I said, “Look, I have to go, my replacement will be here soon. Why don’t you let me give you a lift home? It’s still raining pretty hard out there.”

She considered just long enough for me to think she would run off into the night, before saying, “That would be nice, I think.”

I honestly had not thought she would accept. “Great!” I managed to croak out.

We drove to her home in relative silence; her curled up on the seat in my sweatshirt, looking out the window. When I glanced over a second time, I could see the hoodie had rucked up slightly, allowing me a fleeting glimpse of her cloth covered crotch.

I walked her to her door. Hesitantly, almost child-like, she asked, “Would you like to come up? At least I could repay you with some more coffee.”

“Sure, if you don’t mind.”

“Not a bit.” She said, touching my hand. Electricity whipped through me at her soft touch.

In her kitchen, I leaned against the counter while I watched her start the coffee. “So, you never told me why your date didn’t work out.”

She paused for a moment. “Oh, he was just stupid and boorish. I can’t stand men like that. He was with me, but kept staring at every other woman in the restaurant. I got pissed and left.” Her eyes darkened with sadness.

“I don’t blame you. For what it’s worth, if you had been with me, I would have had eyes only for you.” I felt myself blush and mentally lashed myself for making a move on such a girl. She wouldn’t want anything to do with me. I stared down at my shoes as I waited for her to say something.

Soon I felt a cool hand on my face. “Thank you.” She whispered. I looked into her bright blue eyes, so large and innocent, and impulsively kissed her. She seemed shocked at first, but soon warmed up to me and returned the kiss with as much spirit as I did, her arms around my neck. As we kissed, I ran my hands down her waist to her hips, and boldly reached back to fondle her firm ass. To my delight, she moaned and ground her pelvis against me.

I pulled off the sweatshirt she was wearing, so she was down to her damp dress again. As I squeezed her ass and rubbed my hands up and down her back, she stroked my jeans-clad hips and legs. She was so much smaller than me, only five feet tall to my six and five inches, that I felt like I was holding a tiny bundle of sexual energy. I could feel my cock harden with each caress she made to my body with her tiny hands. Delicate, feather light kisses covered my face and neck as she rubbed my body with hers. I reached down and thumbed her erect nipples through her dress, and she moaned in delight and anticipation. She led me, kiss by kiss, to her bedroom. 

I sat her down on the bed, tugging up her tight, wet little dress. She cooperated by raising her arms, and soon, I was face to face with those full, marvelous breasts. I guessed her to be about a 36B, with dark nipples the size of half-dollars. As I caressed their beauty, she deftly undid my jeans and tugged them down with my boxers. When my erect cock sprang from it’s prison, she gave a soft sigh. I’m about eight and a half inches long, and pretty thick, as well. Slowly, she teased the sensitive head with little licks, and then enveloped the head in her warm, wet little mouth. My hands went to her hair, and pulled out the elastic bands holding her pigtails, and her gorgeous red hair cascaded down her shoulders as she sucked my cock. As she began to caress my balls, I could feel my orgasm growing inside me. “Baby, keep that up and you’re going to make me cum.” I warned her.

She glanced up, rubbing me with her hand. “I hope so. I love the taste of cum.”

This nearly sent me over the edge in itself! I groaned as she began to suck me in earnest, milking my throbbing member, begging for my cum in her mouth. I grabbed two fistfuls of her hair and moaned as I shot my load into her throat. She eagerly sucked and licked, not wanting to miss a single drop. I slipped my softening cock out of her mouth, and smiled down at her. I sat down next to her and kissed her lightly. “That was amazing.”

“Thank you.” She whispered, all big blue eyes and wild hair. In the aftermath, she seemed to be regaining her modesty. I couldn’t have that.

“Lie back.” I told her. She smiled and lay back on her bed, looking at me mischievously. Slowly, starting from her neck, I kissed down her body. When I reached her beautiful tits, I licked and sucked each one in turn, eliciting deep and sexy groans from her. I could feel my member hardening again as I kissed her belly, and licked around her navel. I saw she was still wearing her thong. It was dark blue, with little yellow ducks across the front. I found this to be unbelievably adorable and erotic, and I removed it with my teeth. Working my way back up, I saw her pink, shaven pussy was already dripping with her love juices, and that got me completely erect.

I drove her wild, kissing along the insides of her thighs, teasing her pussy as she had teased my cock with her tongue. When I finally flicked out my own tongue and licked her clit, she gave a little yelp. I grinned to myself as I went to work, sucking her clit and fingering her moist little hole. She tasted like honey and sugar, but creamy, and I loved every second of it. Soon, she was screaming out her orgasm and bucking her hips, smearing her juices all over my face.

She pulled me up to her, and licked her own cum off of my face, moaning all the while. I could tell it had been awhile for this little pixie. I looked at her quietly, and she looked right back, seriously. “Will you take me?”

I didn’t need a second invitation as I plunged my cock into her willing pussy. I pumped her mercilessly, delighting in her screams of ecstasy as she came on my cock. Her pussy was so damn tight and wet; I would need to keep a tight reign on my control so I wouldn’t cum to quick. It was like sliding in and out of a perfect velvet glove, made just for me. I loved the feel of her tits mashed against my chest, and I loved how her face looked when she came on me.

Suddenly, she rolled over on top of me and impaled herself on me. Soon, she was bouncing up and down, hair flying, tits jiggling, as she fucked herself into orgasm after orgasm, screaming all the while. I loved the feel of her tight little pussy sliding up and down my cock, grabbing it as she came. She was very…vocal. I needed to be back in control of this, so I slid her off, and asked her to get on her hands and knees.

“Ooooh…my favorite…” she moaned as she complied and stuck that incredible ass in the air. “Please fuck me, please. I need that nice big cock deep inside me again.” Oh god, now the dirty talk, I thought as I rammed her good and hard with my stiff rod. She continued spewing forth filth from that innocent looking mouth as I pounded her behind. “Oh god yes, fuck me good, yes god I’m going to cum please don’t stop, you’re so fucking big it feels so good…” She was cut off as I hit the bottom of her pussy and she screamed and came all over my cock, squirting me with her cum and moaning. Dear God, she was amazing. I had already cum once tonight, and she had me on the verge of cumming again. I warned her. “Where do you want to shoot it?” She asked seductively. 

“All…over…your tits…and face…” I panted as I rammed her pussy good.

“Mmmmm…” was her only reply. As I felt my orgasm build for the second time, I withdrew and she knelt before me as she stroked my cock and fondled my balls. Soon, I unloaded with a groan all over her tits and her lovely face. As I staggered back, she wiped up my cum with her fingers and sucked it into her mouth. I moaned again and fell back on the bed, worn out. She laid down in the crook of my arm, and I brushed her hair with my fingers.

“I’m glad you gave me a ride home.” She said.

“I’m glad you came into my work.” I replied.

“Would you like to stay over?”

“Sure.” I said, and smiled and hugged her.

We drifted off in each others arms as the first light of dawn streaked the eastern sky.