 Author's Note: This is the first installment of a trilogy, with each part to be released every few days over the coming week or so. Chapter 1 (in the Erotic Couplings category) lays the foundation for their marital strife and his foray into unfaithfulness. Chapter 2 (in the Loving Wives Category) explores her cheating heart and the object of her affection. Chapter 3 (also Loving Wives) finds an unexpected resolution. 

***** 

Todd Russell rolled himself slowly toward his wife. He lifted the bedsheet slightly to keep it from wrapping underneath him. The last thing he needed was a satin-spun cock blocker. Jill was already doing a good enough job of that all by herself. 

Even in the dark, Todd could sense Jill stiffen as he narrowed the distance between them. As usual, she was turned away from him and wrapped in a full-length button-down nightgown. No easy access there. And she had long ago developed a bad habit of nodding off faster than a narcoleptic as soon as the lights went off. But tonight the rise and fall of her nocturnal breathing hadn't yet reached its sleep-filled syncopation. 

Todd chanced a brief caress of Jill's shoulder. Her immediate flinch sent the unspoken message that he'd expected. Another sexless Saturday night was unfolding before his very eyes. 

Five months had passed since their last sexual encounter of any sort, and more than two years since their days of passionate lovemaking. Was it because, five years into their marriage, the fertility clinic specialists had finally figured out that Todd was shooting blanks? Or was Jill, during the two years since, simply beginning to experience the feminine form of the seven-year itch? 

Whatever the cause of their sexual rift, it had led to an emotional schism. Todd no longer assumed the best in his wife, nor tried to bring out the best in her. Mundane topics often led him to harsh words or sarcastic criticism. And Jill responded in kind. "Blessed are the peacemakers" was a phrase not practiced in the Russell household. 

The thermal freeze in the bedroom was turning their other encounters frosty as well. But to be fair, which was the chicken and which was the egg? Todd didn't know, but he knew he was frustrated, angry and felt trapped in a loveless marriage. To boot, he had developed some bad habits of his own, not the least of which he was about to repeat. 

Todd listened to Jill's breathing pattern. She appeared to now be off to her narcoleptic dreams. Todd watched the red LED display on the clock. It was 11:37. He waited, willing himself not to fall asleep. He listened to Jill's breathing pattern, now certain that she was asleep. He stole occasional glances at the clock until its readout reached 11:45. He lifted the covers again, but this time he rolled in the other direction. 

Grabbing his jeans and the rest of his discarded clothes from beside the bed, Todd slipped stealthily into the bathroom. Without turning on the light so as not to wake Jill, he slipped out of his pajamas and into the clothes he had worn that evening. Within moments, he was behind the wheel of his bland charcoal gray 2010 Ford Fusion SE, headed down the road on a familiar journey, with AC/DC's "Highway to Hell" blaring on the radio. 

* * * * * * * 

"Hey there, Sport!" greeted the pretty brunette, rising from behind the counter. "What can we do for you tonight?" 

Todd gulped. He'd been visiting this establishment for three months now on a roughly bi-weekly basis, and she recognized him as a regular. "The usual," he replied. 

"Sure - 50 minutes, full body," she answered. "That's eighty dollars cash up front. Who'd you like to help ya?" 

Todd looked down at his shoes as he reached for his wallet. "Um, I was wondering..." 

"Wondering what?" she queried, a look of genuine puzzlement on her face. 

"Well, uh..." He handed her four crisp twenty dollar bills from the ATM he'd visited on the way. 

"Spit it out, Sport," she encouraged. 

"Well, Angie..." He'd noticed her name tag each time he'd visited the establishment, and now he was making use of it in an attempt to breed familiarity. Or maybe just to breed. "I was wondering if you always just ran the front desk, or if you, uh, sometimes..." His voice trailed off in shame. 

"If I sometimes - what?" A hint of a smirk now crept across her features. She had been down this road numerous times with other clients, and knew what was coming next. And, despite the fact that he was way cuter that most of the creeps who asked her to service them, she vowed internally to continue to stick to her desk job. 

"Well, uh, you're by far the best-looking girl that works in this place," the man blurted nervously. "And you're always so kind and friendly to me. So I was just wondering if maybe, with special customers, you might sometimes be the one to give a massage." He appeared to be on the verge of passing out. 

Whoa, she thought, not what I expected, even though I expected it. Why does he have to be so sweet? 

She waited a torturous thirty seconds or so before replying. "Well, I don't have the training that the other girls have..." 

"I'm easy to please..." he interjected. 

He really is cute, she thought, and he seems sweet. And he probably doesn't expect much... "Well, if that's what you really want, I could arrange for Sophie to watch the front," she surprised herself as the words spilled out of her mouth. 

"Really?" Todd's beaming smile provided her a sense of affirmation at her decision. 

"Well, I've never done it before, but you could be my first. Massage, that is," she clarified. 

Todd's cock began to swell inside his jeans. Thankfully, Angie was looking him in the eye rather than lower down. "Great!" he answered happily. If he'd been a puppy, he would have surely been wagging his tail. As it was, he was having trouble keeping his tongue inside his mouth. 

"You go get yourself comfortable in Massage Room 2, and I'll be down there after I speak with Sophie," said Angie. 

Todd knew the drill. He headed down the hallway and hung a left. After closing the door behind him, he disrobed completely, then wrapped one of the massage parlor's white terry-cloth towels around his waist. He lay face-down on the massage table, so as not to display his obvious erection under the towel. 

During his three months of visits, Todd had found the company's name - "Happy Endings" - to represent genuine truth in advertising. But tonight he was hoping for more than just a hand job. He'd brought plenty of cash, as the girls always worked on tips once he plunked down the eighty bucks' entry fee at the front desk. But none of his generous tips had gotten his penis into a mouth or a vagina at "Happy Endings." The organization had its standards, and the staff members were trained to keep just barely on the right side of the law. And in this town, penetration of any sort was where the legal lines were drawn. 

* * * * * * * 

Todd flinched when the door opened. But it wasn't the kind of flinch that Jill had given him earlier when he touched her. It was a flinch of excitement and anticipation. 

"Hey, Sport," said Angie, "You ready for a massage virgin?" 

Todd squirmed as his cock hardened beneath him. "Ready as I'll ever be," he quipped, trying to sound casual. 

"Before we get down to business, Sport, I've been wondering - what should I call you? 'Sport' just seems so impersonal." 

And I want to get very personal with you, Todd thought. "Um, it's..." He hesitated briefly before replying. "It's Todd." 

"That's your real name?" 

Todd flushed with embarrassment. He'd actually thought of lying in order to retain his anonymity when she first asked, but he'd decided better of it. Keeping lies straight was not his cup of tea. "Yes, it's my real name." 

Then, out of nowhere, he felt a sudden surge of confidence. "But that's all you'll get out of me, young lady - no last names until we're officially dating," he smiled. A pang of guilt washed over him as he visualized his wedding ring, sheathed in the tiny sub-pocket at the top of the right front pocket of his jeans. 

Pushing his negative emotions aside, Todd asked, "Is Angie your real name?" 

"Yep," she answered, "Couldn't you tell? I'd have come up with something more creative as a pseudonym. Like Jasmine, or Bambi, or Candi, or Fantasia..." 

"Or Kate," Todd interrupted, snapping his fingers. "That's it - that's your doppelganger. Kate Middleton. Duchess of Cambridge. Beautiful bride of Prince William." 

Now it was Angie's turn to blush. "Yes, well I guess," she stammered. "Yes, I've seen the resemblance in the tabloid photos at the supermarket checkout line." 

"Well, my beautiful princess, don't you think you should slip into something more comfortable - I mean practical - to do this job?" His gaze swept down her loose-fitting long sleeve blouse to her tight-fitting jeans. The billowy plaid blouse didn't provide much of a view of her breasts, but the hip-hugger jeans virtually invited him to ogle her ass. 

"I don't have another outfit here. I wasn't planning on... doing this." The shoe was now squarely on the other foot. Angie was now the nervous one, and Todd was growing more assertive by the moment. 

"That's not a problem. I'm naked under the towel. How about you make yourself just as comfortable?" 

"I - I - couldn't do that," she answered. 

"Why not? I have two hundred and twenty bucks that says you can." Todd was good at math, and had quickly calculated the difference between the $300 daily withdrawal limit on his ATM card and the eighty bucks he'd paid at the front. 

"You want me to strip and then give you a massage? And nothing more?" 

"Nothing that you don't want to do," Todd replied. 

"For two hundred and twenty bucks?" Angie was thinking about her rent. Her $12 an hour as the receptionist wouldn't pay her two hundred and twenty bucks in three evenings of work, especially not after taxes. And she knew from the other girls that cash tips were not easily taxed. 

Todd nodded, and watched greedily as Angie kicked off her sandals and began to unbutton her blouse. Soon it was discarded onto a chair, followed by those sensual jeans. Todd's erection was now in full bloom under the towel as Angie stood before him in peach-colored bra and panties. 

"Here goes nothin'," she joked as she reached for the front clasp of her bra. Todd held his breath, anticipating the view. 

And what a view it was. Her apple-sized breasts were pert and perky. Apparently this encounter was stimulating Angie. Todd could see plainly that her light brown areolae were distended and her nipples were clearly erect. 

"What?" asked Angie as she watched Todd's jaw drop and heard him gasp. 

"Never seen anything so beautiful," he breathed. And, wrong as it was, he meant it. 

Angie smiled and hooked her index fingers over the waistband of her panties. She pulled them down in a brisk motion and stepped out of them, tossing them in the heap of clothes on the chair. 

"I take it back. That's more beautiful," said Tom, staring at her shaven mound. The absence of hair afforded him a view of just the outer edge of her pussy lips. Anything more would require a different angle for one or the other (or both) of them. 

"You sure know how to make a girl feel appreciated," she whispered. 

"I know how to make a girl feel good, too - really good," he offered. 

"Why, sir - whatever do you mean?" Angie replied in her best Scarlett O'Hara imitation. 

"I mean, in the immortal words of James Bond, I'm quite a cunning linguist," said Todd. 

Holy shit, this guy is getting me horny, thought Angie. She stared at the pleading look on his face for the better part of a minute. "Oh, fuck it!" she finally muttered. "Let's trade places. I'm a fiend for a good pussy-licking." 

Todd couldn't believe his good fortune. As he turned over and stood up, his towel fell to the floor. Now it was Angie's turn to gasp. Todd's cock was at full erection, eight inches and with a wide girth. He could have sworn he saw Angie lick her lips. Maybe he'd get to do more than go muff-diving and receive a hand job. 

As Angie lay down on the table, leaned back and spread her legs for him, Todd was struck with the thought that he'd never been with a girl who had a shaved snatch. Jill certainly kept her bush neatly trimmed, though it seemed like eons since he had seen it. But there was something intriguing and almost taboo about a completely hairless pubic mound. Todd leaned in for a better view. 

The scent of Angie's sexual arousal struck not only Todd's nostrils, but his penis as well. He nearly came right then and there. Steeling himself, he adoringly examined the puffy folds of Angie's inner vaginal lips. He could see moisture beaded at the top, adorning her dilated and softly pulsating clitoris. 

"Are you just going to stare, or are you going to eat me out?" asked Angie, a note of desperation in her voice. 

Todd smiled, pleased at the hunger he had generated in her. He began kissing his way from her knees up along her inner thighs, alternating left and right. As he reached the juncture of her thighs, he paused to gently blow on her inner folds. 

"Please? Please, Todd!" she yelped. 

"I aim to please," her replied, and licked her inner lips from bottom to top. Her resultant intake of breath pleased him in return. He began nibbling her clit, and she pulled his head against her lady parts with both hands. That pleased him even more. He moved his right hand to absently play with her stiff left nipple, while his other hand caressed the right side of her lower back and buttocks. 

As he worked his tongue in and out of her slit while suckling her clit for several minutes, he could feel her body begin to tense and her pussy begin to clench. He took the hint and inserted two fingers into her vagina, working them to the rhythm of his slurping and suckling. 

"Todd... Todd... I... I think I'm gonna cum..." she panted, pressing her hands more firmly against the back of his head. 

Not wanting to break his rhythm or stem her release, he simply nodded against her hands and continued his nibbling, suckling, tongue-fucking and finger-fucking activities. Within moments her pussy began to spasm around his fingers. "Oh, god, oh, god, oh, god," she exclaimed loudly, proclaiming the orgasm he already knew she was experiencing. 

Todd continued to lick and suck and finger her until she was begging him to stop. And then he did it a little more, causing her to gently push him away. He came up smiling, his face coated with the sheen of her feminine juices mixed with his own saliva. 

As she came down from her high, Angie quipped, "You, sir, are indeed a cunning linguist." 

"And you, my lady, are one delectably responsive princess," he answered. 

"One can only hope for Kate that William has as skilled a tongue as yours. And what, pray tell," she asked, "am I to do with that princely staff you're sporting?" 

Todd looked down to his tumescent penis. Eating Angie's pussy had only heightened the intensity of his erection. "Well, the other girls only ever give me a happy ending with a hand job..." he ventured. 

"And how many of these girls have you serviced in the way you just serviced me?" she queried. 

"None. You're the first," he admitted. 

"And you're my first. And we definitely need to do something more exciting with the pistol you're packing. My god, it looks like it could split a girl in half!" 

So she's thinking of having my cock inside her vagina! Todd thought. "Well," he ventured, "A girl can accommodate just about any size if the guy she's with is willing to look after her well-being and take it at her pace." 

You sure know how to push the right buttons - how's a girl to resist? she thought. "And are you that kind of guy?" she asked. 

"Just call me 'Molasses'," Todd quipped. Angie smiled at his joke. 

"Well, Molasses, did you happen to bring some protection? I wasn't planning on anything like this, and I don't have anything with me." 

"Without seeming too presumptuous, I do have something in my pants pocket over there," said Todd. He walked to his heap of clothes and fished around in his jeans until he was able to pull out a 3-pack of condoms. "I learned a long time ago in Boy Scouts," he continued, "the importance of their motto: 'Be prepared.'" 

Within seconds, his penis was enveloped in a lubricated latex sheath. He leaned in and licked Angie's pussy lips and vaginal entrance a few more times to make sure she was still fully lubed. 

The massage table wasn't wide enough to accommodate two. Angie saw his hesitation and scooted toward the end of the table with her legs spread wide but dangling over the edge. She was now in perfect position for him to enter her while standing. Todd rubbed the head of his dick against her moist slit. He paused to look into her eyes. He could see anticipation, desire, and maybe something more reflected in their greenish irises. 

Gently, gently, he scolded himself. Todd reached to massage her breast as he positioned his cock for entry into her steamy love tunnel. He momentarily thought of Jill, but realized he was beyond the point of no return. He eased forward, his engorged dick gently separating Angie's inner labia. 

From this angle, Todd could see everything. The journey of his cock into her pussy seemed to take place in slow motion. He'd move in half an inch, then pause and back out a little to make sure she could accommodate. Two steps forward, one step back, Todd absently recalled from the story of the frog in a well. 

"You okay, Angie?" he asked. 

"More than okay," she replied. "That feels really good. Just keep taking it slow." 

Within a few minutes, he was completely inside her. They both simultaneously felt the bumping of their pubic bones. "Want to sit up?" he asked. 

Angie smiled up at him. She followed his suggestion. She was now seated on the edge of the massage table, his prick buried deep within her. Todd suddenly realized that they hadn't even kissed. He enfolded her in his arms, then kissed the top of her head. He trailed kisses down her forehead and onto her nose. He paused to look into her eyes before he reached her lips. 

Angie tilted her head up to meet his gaze. That was all the encouragement he needed to press his lips against hers. Within seconds, their tongues were lavishing each other with unfulfilled lust. Todd's erection surged, and he had to will his willy not to ejaculate. He began a slow rhythm of deep, sensual thrusts within her. 

Angie threw her arms around his neck, and Todd lifted her off the table. Gravity began to do its work, as Angie impaled herself repeatedly on his boner. Todd held her up by the twin globes of her luscious ass, bouncing her on his cock for their mutual pleasure. Her beautiful tits grazed his chest with each mutual thrust. 

Todd was so full of adrenaline that he could probably have carried Angie's weight for hours. But his balls and cock were screaming for release. He reached his finger between them, still holding her up with just one hand. He felt the joining of cock and pussy, found the nub of her clit and began to stroke it. She jerked back momentarily, but then allowed him to continue to play. "Think you can cum soon?" he asked. 

"Suck on my tits for just a minute," she begged, leaning away from him as she continued to ride his cock. He leaned down and licked one erect nipple, then encircled it with his lips. He began to suckle it, less gently than before. She reached an arm around his head and pulled him against her breast. "Fuck, that's good!" she squealed. 

Her obvious delight brought Todd nearly to the brink. He could feel his balls churning, his penis pulsating. But he wanted to make Angie cum at the same time. He wanted to watch the pleasure on her face, feel her pussy clenching around his cock, milking him of every last drop of sperm. 
