 I generally like powerful men. The kind that get hair cuts every two weeks and wear dress shirts to work. Men with careers that take them cross country and all over the world. Modern "Mad Men" types that seduce women with good looks and fat wallets. 

Johnny wasn't like that. Not even a little bit. 

He was a long haired hippy 15 years older. He wore concert t-shirts instead of polos and his jeans had holes in them more often than not; something only he could do at work due to his impressive career as a bass player in the 80's. 

The first time I met Johnny, I had no interest sexually. After all, aging rockers aren't really my thing. Maybe he had been an amazing guitar player at one time, shredding for prince and Michael Jackson, but now he was teaching at a community college like me. In the daylight, far away from screaming fans and dark smoke filled venues I didn't find old rockers all that hot. 

Even though he wasn't my style, we struck up a friendship. After all, we both taught music, and even if I was a buttoned up piano teacher and he was more free spirited we were still teaching music and dealing with the same administration and after awhile I found I liked him. 

Then one day during one of our routine talks, I noticed he had the dancing blue eyes of someone much younger. I started to realize how tall and broad he was, and began to appreciate his insights into teaching music and life really. 

I started dressing in the mornings with him in mind. I would dream of him at night while my husband snored next to me and he would even sneak into my thoughts at the grocery store. I remembered he liked Ritz crackers or Valencia Oranges and would pick up those items just to feel closer to him. 

If it hadn't been obvious before, my crush became as clear as a fog horn at midnight after a problem I had with a student. I wasn't able to get through to her, and she dropped the program. Johnny of course became a willing ear, in a way my husband couldn't be, and understood the intricacies of the problem in a way no one who outside of the school could. 

After that, my crush entered emotional affair territory. We found ourselves talking in private classrooms hours after everyone else had left, our spouses and kids forgotten for the rush of endorphins that came with seeing each other. There was lots of accidental yet on purpose touching and even a few long lingering hugs goodbye with only the bonds of matrimony keeping us from devouring each other. 

After a few months, we had gone too far and realized it. Neither one of us truly wanted to cause any pain to the other, so after a brief yet awkward talk, he stopped coming by my classroom after work, and in turn I stopped acting so happy to see him in the hallways. The loving looks between us morphed into quick nods of acknowledgment, and eventually we passed each other without even a glance. 

Finally, after a year of trying not to notice each other, my husband dropped a bomb: we would be moving 2000 miles away from California to Washington DC for his career as a doctor. That meant I would never see Johnny again. 

When word got out I had put in my two week notice, Johnny came by my office late in the day, right before I was heading out the door with a box of music that had been on the shelf of my classroom for the past 3 years. 

"So I guess you're moving, huh." he said sounding genuinely sad about it. 

I nodded and put the box of music on my desk. I bit my lip subtly as he slipped in the door closing it behind him. He came across the room and leaned on the wall next to me. 

"I'll miss seeing you around you know." he said. I lowered my eyes.. It was partially a submissive gesture but I also didn't want him to see how much I would miss him. 

"I'll miss teaching here." My words neutral, but I was well aware my body language was betraying me. My heart started to pound a little and I felt the heat rush to my face in a mixture of sadness, embarrassment and sexual tension I almost wished would go away.

I looked up into his eyes and they met mine with deep feeling. A gaze I couldn't ignore that held me captive like staring in the face of a deity. Our mutual gaze held for a few brief seconds before he brought his hand to my face and touched my cheek lightly. I didn't pull away and he leaned in close. 

I closed my eyes as he pressed his lips to mine and my knees went week. Fortunately his arm came around me and hugged my slight body to his, and for the first time after dreaming of it over a year and a half, I felt that hard part of him press through his jeans against my skirt and experienced a jolt of pleasure course through me that was better than anything I had imagined it. 

I gasp for breath and closed my eyes again as he put his open mouth on mine urgently and touched my tongue with his like a starving man sitting down to a banquet. Soon we were kissing passionately and any voice inside telling me this was wrong was drowned by a lust that overcame any logical part of me. All I could comprehend was the man I had dreamed about for the better part of a year and a half was finally kissing me. 

I gave a sideways look to the door and worried about being interrupted by a janitor or worse: another teacher. Johnny must have had a similar thought as he took me by the hand to lead me through the hallway that eventually came to the back entrance of a small performance stage used for smaller recitals and end of term jury examinations.

Behind the stage, Johnny flipped a few switches in the totally darkened space and it was quietly illuminated with a soft dim light. I could just make out his darkened features as he came to me for the second time that day and encircled my waste with his strong arms that made me feel small and delicate. It was amazing how I thought of Johnny as tall and thin, but up next to him I could feel his strength under the thin cotton of his t-shirt and could feel the power in his arms. 

I languished his kisses, feeling his mouth move urgently over mine. Soon we were against the wall with his hand riding up my businesslike skirt. I wrapped my right leg around him as he grabbed my butt and he pulled my body towards the large bulge in his pants. 

After a few minutes of making out, he whispered "Over here." and he directed me to a heap of old sound proofing curtains that were taken down from the hall last week. Some of the drama teachers had decided to keep them for props and costumes and it was sheer luck they hadn't been moved downstairs to the props studio yet. 

We lay on the curtains. They were musty and old I'm sure, but I have no recollection of that. Johnny touched me tenderly at the waste and then we were kissing again. I allowed myself to be taken away by the sensations Johnny was allowing me to feel. All I could register was the feeling of warmth and heat in my pussy that was crying out for him to take. 

I allowed my hands to travel under Johnny's black t-shirt and touched his bare flesh that was warm and hard underneath. I began pulling the fabric up, and he finished the job by pulling the shirt over his head. 

Once his naked torso was against me, I could feel a smattering of chest hair that peppered his chest as he moved his hands to the back of my skirt to unhook it and pull it down exposing my bare legs. 

Free from my skirt, he then tenderly put his large, guitar calloused hands between my legs and over my underwear to massage my clit. 

I gasp and he said "God you're wet." in my ear as I grounded my hips against his hand. 

I couldn't restrain myself any longer and my hand found his cock, and it throbbed from under his clothing. I used my fingernails to scratch it lightly then found the button and zipper on his jeans to expose him. 

When he was free of his pants, the half light revealed a massive organ that nearly had me gasping from the sight of it. It sprang from his pants a full 8 inches and was so thick I almost couldn't fit my thumb and middle finger around it. 

I must have said something or expressed my surprise somehow because he laughed a little. 

He then turned me over on my back and pulled my white cotton underpants over my thighs as my nerves ignited. He hovered his mouth over my hairless pussy and kissed it lightly. 

"Tell me you want it." he said. 

"Oh God yes, I want it." I said in a hushed whisper. 

He kissed around my clit and and teased it with his tongue pulling back after only an instant of pleasure. I wriggled on the mattress willing him to take me and begging with my body. Finally I could hold back no more. 

"Fuck me." I told him. "You have to or I'll go crazy." I told him. 

He gave a half smile that I was only vaguely aware of, and before I knew it, he was kissing my mouth again and poised to eased that beautiful large cock inside of me. 

I was wet. Probably wetter than I had ever been and it seemingly took a long time to get it all the way in because of the sheer size of it. 

Finally, when I could feel he was all the way in I said "Oh God, finally. Finally, you're fucking me." 

He thrust slow at first. He removed my shirt and bra, and started playing with my tits as he fucked, rolling them around in his hands and teasing the nipples. Finally, I begged him to go faster, and he began slamming up against me and I was aware of just how strong he really was. 

My pussy was so worked up, it didn't take long. As he thrust, he massaged my clit with his fingers, and I felt the build up to what would be a mind shattering orgasm. The pull back inside of me seemed to create more and more tension until finally I was released and felt like I had been thrown from my body only to be returned an instant later, limp and unmoving. 

"I'm gonna cum." Johnny said, moments later. 

"Cum inside me," I directed and Johnny tensed up and deposited what felt like a gallon of cum inside of me. 

I felt whole. Complete afterwards, and we held each other tight. After awhile I let out a little laugh. 

"Are you sorry?" I whispered. 

He didn't say anything for awhile, but then answered "No. I think we both wanted it." 

We talked again like we hadn't in a long time. About other teachers, some new rules and hoops the administration was putting into effect, and even a little about our families. How we were proud of our kids and what they had accomplished. 

On the way home I counted the days since my last period over and over, hoping I had already ovulated that month. My husband had a vasectomy operation after our second child and I didn't generally keep track of such things but I was fairly certain I was in the clear. 

Fortunately for me, I got my period a week later, and my husband was none the wiser. I still communicate with Johnny over social media every now and then, but it's over between us even if the sex was the hottest I've ever experienced.