 I had been on this bus for hours, travelling to meet in person a man I had met online. I had to admit I was so hot for him I couldn't stand it any longer. I had dreamed and fantasized about him for a long time. Finally, the bus pulled into the terminal. I collected my bags and went to waiting area where he said he would be waiting. The first sight of him close-up and in-person sent a lightning sizzle through the very center of me as he kissed and hugged me. 

Trembling, my pulse racing we headed out to his truck for the drive home. Sitting in the seat beside him I couldn't stand it any longer. I slowly slid my hand up his thigh and felt how huge and hard he was. I looked into his eyes and saw the same sexual hunger as he must have seen in mine. 

At last, I thought, as we pulled into his driveway. He grabbed my bags and carried them inside. He set my bags on the floor as he pulled me into his arms. Kissing him, caressing his tongue with my own, I got so hot and wet I didn't want to stop, I wanted this damnable waiting to end. I hurried to get out of my clothes while I watched him undress and gasped at the sight of his sexy naked body. 

His breathing became hard and heavy as I slid my hand inside his shirt, feeling his hard chest and firm nipples. I unbuttoned his shirt slowly as my lips slid down his neck over his chest and started to lick and suck his nipples. My wet little tongue slid over his belly. I sank to my knees on the floor. 

I licked up his thighs licking his balls, sucking his juicy cock slowly into my mouth, wrapping my tongue around him not wanting to stop. I sucked and licked the head of his dick, making him tremble. He grabbed my hair and shoved my mouth down his huge cock, thrusting hard into my mouth while he put both hands in my hair to hold my mouth down on him. 

Shaking hard, he pulled me to my feet, taking me into his bedroom. He bent to kiss my neck and licked my lips. He bent me over the bed and started licking my tight little asshole, shoving his tongue inside me. Slippery and wet, he slid his cock up and down the crack of my ass. I moaned with pleasure as he pushed the head of his dick into my tight little ass, teasing me with his gentle poking. 

He was ever so masterful as he turned me and pushed me back on the bed bending down to lick and gently bite my nipples. He slid his hand between my thighs, gently running his fingers over my clit and inside me. I pulled him down to me. Wanting to feel his body pressed close to mine. 

He rolled so I was on top of him and he urged me to kneel over face. His lips and tongue caressed my clit, his tongue slid inside me, licking up the pussy juices that were pouring from me. His tongue slid up to lick my tight little ass while I licked his balls, sucking them into my mouth. Licking up his huge cock, sucking it into my mouth loving the feel and taste of him. I began to suck harder and faster as I felt his tongue stabbing into my ass harder and faster. I screamed I was going to cum. He shifted position quickly, pushing me down on my back while he lowered himself between my thighs. I nearly went insane as he stabbed his cock into my wet hot pussy. Going crazy from the feel of that huge cock inside me as I lifted my ass to meet his hard thrusts. 

In and out, faster, and harder, I felt his dick throbbing inside me. i screamed his name as the cum burst forth from my pussy, dripping all over him as he stabbed into me harder and harder. Shuddering, shaking, wrapping my legs tightly around him as I begged him not to stop. With cum dripping from my soaking wet pussy, I felt him stiffen as his hot cum burst inside me, so hot I thought it would burn me. He moaned my name as my lips slid down his body to lick all the creamy delicious cum from his dick. I could taste both of us mixed together as I licked him dry. Exhausted, I laid back in his arms that held me so tightly feeling as if I had been waiting for him all my life.