 I wonder if I've ever accidentally gotten milk from my girlfriend's nipples when sucking on them. This is the first time I'm dating someone with a kid. Now I totally understand why the term "MILF" (Mom I'd Like to Fuck) is so common. Moms really are sexy! 

I would imagine getting milk out of the nipple, is a similar excitement to when cum comes out of a penis or pussy. I noticed myself imagining milk coming out of her thick red nipples when jerking off, and how unbelievably sexy the image was in my mind. 

Last night that dream came true. We were laying on my couch, and she was telling me how milk ducts were feeling really full since her child had been at the dad's house for a week now. She said they were so full that they were hurting. I was getting so turned on hearing this - and wondering if it was strange for me to be loving this. 

Was this some weird childhood fulfillment? I knocked that thought out of my head so I could focus back on her.

Thank God I focused back on her - she now had her shirt lifted up and was massaging her breasts. I couldn't tell if she was implying something...but then she started pressing around her milk ducts and squeezing her nipples while the tiniest bit of milk poured from her nipples. She gave me this shy, yet seductive look as she parted her lips slowly. I wasn't sure if I was reading everything right, and didn't want to freak her out - after all, I hear so many men to be grossed out by their wife's breast milk. 

I awkwardly asked her if there was anything I could do to help her full breasts feel better. She looked down with slight embarrassment and told me how she was practically putting it all in front of me. I didn't want to lose this amazing moment of vulnerability, so I immediately put my hands on her breasts. They were harder and more full than I ever felt them. 

I closed my eyes as I slowly licked the milk that was already out of her nipples. She was already moving her body from that little bit of contact. I decided to be brave and started sucking on her right nipple as she used her fingers to move the milk from her ducts, and into my mouth. I realized in this moment, that I've definitely been drinking her milk when we have sex, just didn't quite realize it. 

Oh my God was this the sexiest moment of my life. She was moaning with relief, and with pleasure as I continued sucking. She switched me to her other breast with such a confidence, that I couldn't help but start to grind my erect Penis against her underwear. As I started sucking with more confidence, I used my own fingers to move her milk into my mouth. Her free hands were in my hair, and quickly pushing my lower back down so our pelvics would be grinding even harder. I was so fucking turned on that I started to cum in my pants, but was able to stop myself. 

I wanted to be able to be inside of her. This all felt so fucking intimate, it was mind blowing. Now that a lot of the milk was out, her breasts weren't as hard, so I was able to bring them closer to one another, and get both of her hard nipples into my mouth, and suck on them both at the same time. This drove her off the edge, she immediately pulled my dick out of my pants, and continued grinding on it with her underwear on. She was so wet, I could feel her through her underwear. So warm and wet. I loved it, but I wanted to feel completely united with her, in every way. I told her if I didn't go inside of her soon, I would cum on her underwear. She laughed with a seriousness, and said, "Me too!" 

So she slipped her underwear to the side, and engulfed me with hardly any effort. We usually have to warm up to it, but she was immediately thrusting so hard and fast. She was already about to explode, I could feel it. While keeping both nipples in one hand, I pulled her to my mouth so I could let her taste her delicious milk from my tongue. Our tongues were all over one another while her wet pussy was gliding up and down my dick so fast. I think it was the fastest we have ever fucked. 

I love when she's on top of me, I get so turned on when she's assertive. She stuck her left nipple into my mouth, and I knew exactly what she wanted me to do this time. So I sucked every bit of milk I could out of her nipple as our hips were thrusting up and down. Her moans were getting louder and louder, almost startling how loud she was. I was trying so fucking hard to hold off on coming so we could cum together. I love her so much, I had never experienced coming with my partner. 

As we somehow were fucking even faster and harder, I could tell by the shift in her screams that she was about to come - THANK GOD because I'm about to blow. I was worried I was hurting her, but she was so into it. I let my hands spank her lightly as her ass was bouncing up and down, and this put her over the edge. She started screaming and shaking. I knew this was my time to finally let lose, so I finally allowed myself to cum inside of her as she came. 

It was the most beautiful sex we had ever had. She laid on me and we made out for a long time. We just couldn't get enough of each other. It wasn't about the sex, it felt like we were one person, and we didn't want to change that moment.

Holy shit, well I guess I had been drinking her milk all along. And now that image is a reality when I'm jacking off. I definitely don't need porn anymore!