 I walk up to the reception desk, my throat is dry and my heart is racing. I can feel my moisturised legs slide against each other as my pencil skirt hugs my thighs. I feel a gentle breeze down my cleavage as I walk under the air conditioning and my blouse flutters - my deep v-neck showing a hint of red lace bra. I give my name and ask for the room. He's already inside, I'm told.

I take the card and feel the buzz of my phone against my hip. It's him. He's impatient and he doesn't like to be kept waiting. It buzzes again as I press the cool steel button of the lift. Just the thought of him has me crossing my legs as I lean against the lift wall. Trying to control the quiver of excitement of my hands. The lift pings. I step out, my heels clink along the marble floor, echoing down the hall. I catch my reflection in the mirror. I can just see the lace show through the white blouse. I walk past and pause outside the door. I take the card key and slowly slide it in, and out. It clicks open and I push the handle down. 

I stare into the dim room - only the bedside light is on and the small mirror light in the bathroom casts a line of light to my left - the door is slightly ajar. I hear a voice from inside "stand by the window" it says. His voice is deep and full of power and control. I lick my lips. Take a sip of the ice water on the side and feel the condensation trickle down my fingers. I walk over to the window - the curtains are open and reveal the busy city around us. I lean on the window seal - it comes up to my hips. Just below the top of my high waisted skirt. I hear the door creak open. "Don't turn around." He commands. "Stay still". He comes up behind me and I feel his breath on my neck - his lips just inches from me. I feel his body so close to me - barely touching. It's been so long since I felt him. I hear him fumble and the sound of clothing ruffled. I see his arms come over my head and his hands rest on my shoulders. I can smell the aftershave. He's holding a tie in his hands which he holds gently across my throat, playing, teasing. It's silky and I can feel the weight of it. "Take off your top." 

As I start to protest the tie tightens slightly, pressing against my neck. "I will punish you if you do not do as I say". "Okay" I reply. He tightens the tie and tells me to call him "Sir". I begin to unbutton my blouse, my fingers struggle at first. But after I undo the first two buttons he suddenly presses up against me and I feel his hard cock press against the top of my ass. I finish undoing the final buttons and pull open the blouse, letting the soft fabric glide down my shoulders and off my body. I stand in the window - in my lace bra, my nipples are erect and easy to see - seven floors up showing the city my body. "Now the bra". My stomach flutters in anticipation and I let out a small moan. I unclip the bra and it falls to my feet. He stands there unmoving, pressed against me as I'm now top less. He doesn't move but I feel his chest rise and fall and his breathing quickens, his stance shuffles and he presses up against me harder and pushes me into the window- my nipples are now brushing the glass. The cold just makes them harder. I can feel myself get excited and my cunt getting wet.

"Turn around and take off your skirt." As I turn he wraps the tie around his hand and steps back to admire. Leaving the curtains open. I unzip the back of my skirt- as I do my chest is pushed out. I can see how I affect him, even as he's silent and I love it. I bend down and peel the skirt down, as it falls to the floor I kick it out of the way. I'm now standing there in my lace thong and high black, shiny heels. 

He purrs as he looks at me. Takes a step closer and pinches my nipple. Hard. He knows I like it. "Take off my clothes" he says as he sits down in the chair by the desk. I walk over and run my fingers through his hair. My fingers trace down to his lips and I sit on his lap, legs straddling him. I look him in the eyes as I undo his shirt, I run my hands across his bare chest and gently stroke the few chest hairs. I feel my bare thighs pressed against the fabric of his trousers.

I tilt my head to the side and bring my face to his. "Sir". I press my lips on his and slip my tongue into his mouth. It's warm and wet and his tongue massages mine as i unhook his belt and pull it off. I undo his trousers and take my tongue from his mouth. Licking my lips. I stand up and pull his trousers and pants down. I kneel on the floor and look up at him, taking his shoes and socks off and push them neatly out of the way. I brush my hands up his muscled legs - over his calves, knees and up his thighs. My hands rest on top and my thumbs brush down stroking his inner thigh. 

He beckons me to stand as he does. With one hand on my waist he traces a finger over my nipple, down my chest and stomach and over my panties. He slides his finger under and plays with my lips. I gasp - my hand reaches for his throbbing cock. I spit on my hand and massage it, up and down, slow and firm. 

He slips his finger inside me and I moan. He slips another finger in. I moan again. I cup his balls in my other hand and hold him gently massaging. 

He moves slowly then pumps quickly and deep five times. It almost hurts. He takes his fingers outside of me and I can feel my soaking wet pants on my cunt. His presses his fingers to my lips and makes me suck them, tasting myself. I taste good.

He takes the tie and wraps it round my throat. He pulls it tighter and shocks me. It makes me catch my breath for a second. "On your knees". I oblige and feel the soft carpet sponge on my knees. My toes curl against it as my heels come off. He still has the tie around me and it's hard to move. "Open" he purrs. 

I wet my lips and open my mouth, looking up at him, begging him to give me what I want. He gently slides in my mouth, then out, letting my saliva lube his cock. He grips the tie harder and his knuckles go slightly white, I choke and he thrusts his large, throbbing, rock hard cock deep to the back of my throat, I gag. He thrusts again. I feel breathless. He thrusts again. I gag. He pulls slightly tighter and then lets go. My tongue dances on his tip and my lips roll his foreskin up and down. My lips travel alongside his shaft, slowly, dribbling on him. I reach the base of his cock and I'm gagging quietly but he's purring and tilting his head back and his curly black hair - he looks so sexy. I bob up and down on his cock, surprising him with a deep throat again to watch him tilt his head back in ecstasy.

I love sucking him off. He grips my hair and pulls, forcing himself deeper - he's in full control now. He pulls himself out of my mouth and lifts me by my hair - grabbing my arm too. He presses his lips roughly to mine. "Ly on the bed, take your thong off, open your legs. Show me your tight cunt".

I slide the thing down my legs I can feel how wet I am as I walk over to the bed and ly on the cotton sheets - they feel so cool against my heated body. I can feel my Cunt dripping and making the small patch of duvet under me moist.

"Arch your knees. Slide your hand between your thighs. Stroke your lips." I obey and slide a finger inside myself and feel the warmth. He walks over and tells me to roll over and spanks me. Hard. I feel the sting and yelp. "You do only as I say." He stands up and moves away- pulling the chair just in front of me to watch as I lay back down. "Play with your lips. Slide them round, one either side of your cunt. Gently circle one finger around your clit." I do so and shiver - I'm so sensitive I feel the pleasure run all over my body. "Stop." I lay there waiting. Not moving. He gets up and comes back to me. I can't see what is in his hand but he slides something cold into me. It's hard and pushes against my lips. Only so far. I know this shape. He's done this before. It's the top of a whisky bottle.

The oddity exited me and I squirm in pleasure. He takes it out and makes me suck it clean. "Don't move. Just lay one finger on your clit". I hear him clunk ice cubes in a glass and pour the whisky over - the ice crackles. He sits opposite me and sips. I'm waiting and he knows it. "Slide one finger in, but don't move it". I do, it's so hard - I'm so wet and I want him. "Sir". I'm tempted to misbehave but I don't know what he'll do. "Slide another in, pull them up. Rub your clit how you like" I press two fingers against my clit. I circle it and feel the pleasure spreading, getting closer and closer. My knees start to bend in as I feel it rise. My back arches. I feel the pulse and my breath quickens. "Stop" he purrs as he stands up and walks over to me.