 Let me start by saying I am your average guy. I'm a little above average in height but I am average weight, average looks and yes, average penis size. I have had my share of average relationships and have even had your average marriages (that ended in your average divorces).

Soon after my first divorce I met a much younger Korean girl named Pam who was beautiful, absolutely gorgeous. She and I became friends due to our professional lives. She was new to the company and I had become some-what of a mentor to her. She was always asking me for work related advice and we shared a little our personal life with each other. Normally I would say we were friends but it really didn't feel like that. It was more of a close teacher/student relationship. Although I had a few fantasies, I never imagined she could be interested in me as anything more. I was partially wrong.

One Friday after work we met unexpectedly at the local watering hole. I had been in there having a beer when I saw her walk in. She saw me and came over and sat next to me. She said she came in for "one and out" – something to take the edge off the day before she headed home for the weekend.

"Can I buy you a drink?" I asked.

"Thanks, I'll have a white Russian".

Trying to be funny I came up with "So, what's a girl like you doing in a place like this?"

She laughed and said she was "slumming."

"Ouch, that hurts". I said.

"No not you, the bar". I had to agree. The bar was a dive. It smelled like stale beer, cigarettes, and body odor but I came here 'cause the beer was cheep and so were most the women who came in there – not that I ever got any but eventually I thought odds were I would..

"I'm surprised you aren't home getting ready for a big night out." Having heard her many stories of all the suitors who called on her I thought it odd she would be alone on a Friday night.

"Actually I am between boy friends and no one asked me out this week."

"If I thought I had a shot I know I would have asked." Was the only thing I could say. As soon as I said it I realized it was lame and wished I hadn't said it till she said:

"Don't sell your self so short. You are quite a catch for anyone"

"Thanks for making me feel better but there is not much demand for an average looking forty year old divorced man. Trust me, I am living it."

That's when her words stunned me. In fact I couldn't believe what she said. I had to ask "What did you say?"

"I said when was the last time you got laid?" That's what I thought she had said but damn, no one had ever asked me that before, little lone a beautiful 22 year old woman.

This was a loaded question. If I tell her the truth, I look lame and maybe even desperate. If I lie then she may ask who and I had no name to tell her. I thought for a second then said "About eight months." The truth, as much as it hurt, was easiest to remember.

"That is way too long. No one should have to go that long. Aren't you seeing anyone?"

"No. It's been just as long since I have dated." As pathetic as it was, I started to think the truth was actually helping me. "Why do you ask?" So what was I supposed to say?

"Well, I'm between boyfriends and you are between girlfriends so neither of us is going to get laid this weekend and that just sucks."

"Okay." Yeah that's the best I could do. Here I had a beautiful young lady telling me that the fact we weren't getting laid sucked. My mind was just spinning. I didn't know if she was putting me on or if I was imaging her saying what she was saying.

"Normally I'd call my sex buddy but he just moved out of town and I haven't had time to replace him."

"Sex buddy?" As stupidly simple as it sounded I had to ask.

"Yeah. I had a male friend that when either of us or both of us was horny and not dating, we would help each other get off. Surely you've heard of a sex buddy?"

"I have now. So what are you saying?" Duh! I knew what she was saying but there had to be a catch.

"WOW! You have never heard of a sex buddy! This is cool. For once I am teaching you something!"

"I guess so." Man am I killing the mood or what?

"Would you be interested?" Was the next thing out of her mouth. Of course it sent my mind reeling. Here was a fantasy coming true. Someone half my age is asking me to have no commitment, no relationship, sex with her.

"That is a very stupid question. No man in his right mind would say no."

"Great! Can we go now? This place is giving me a head ache."

Before I knew it we were in her bedroom, naked in the 69 position and eating each other out. She was sucking my cock like it was the first thing she had had to eat in weeks. I was licking her twat, sucking on her clit and fingering her ass. She tasted so sweet and smelled so good that I thought I had died and gone to heaven.

It wasn't long before she came screaming "I'm Cuming! Put your dick in my pussy now! Bang me, fuck me now!"

I turned around and slid my cock into her. She was so tight and wet and felt so good I thought I was going to cum right then. It took all my concentration to keep from "blowing" it. I sank completely into her and it felt like my cock was buried in the grip of fir lined hand. I pulled back out till just the head if my dick was in her. I then slammed back into her and started pounding her cunt. Every muscle of her pussy was massaging my cock and making it so hard I though it would burst. My balls were so tight they were bouncing off her ass. This was by far the best fuck I had ever had. 

I was holding on to her and kissing her neck while she was doing the same to me. I just kept pumping her and she started screaming again "OH MY GAWD, I'M CUMMING!" Well that did it for me. I shot my load deep into her but kept on pumping my cock into her.


"Lick my tits, lick my tits!" How could I refuse? I was still inside her and her pussy was still pulsating as I started licking her breasts and sucking her nipples.

I was nibbling on her nipples when she started screaming again"Oh my gawd I'm cuming agaaaain!" I looked up at her face and it was just squeezed in a contorted look of ecstasy.

When she finally came down from her orgasm she cuddled into my arms. My cock fell out of her and she made gasping noise.

"That was great. Thanks." She said.

Yeah, that's right. I said "you're welcome." We both drifted off to sleep.

I don't know how long I was asleep but she apparently woke up first because I was a waken from a fantastic dream to an even better reality. As I opened my eyes I could feel and now see her sucking on my cock.

She took my cock out of her mouth and said "Will this thing get hard again tonight?"

"Oh yeah. Especially if you keep doing that."

She went back to licking the head like a lollipop wrapping her tongue around the edge of the "helmet" and then down the shaft. Her right hand was fondling my balls and in no time I was hard as a rock.

She quickly straddled my hips and then slowly sank down onto my cock. Her muscles were doing their magic again making my cock that much harder.

She then leaned forward and kissed me square on the lips. We started frenching while she moved her pussy up and down my cock. I reached out and held her head and stroked her hair as she made love to me.

Then she broke her kiss looked me straight in the eyes and lifted off my cock. I thought I had done something wrong but was quickly relieved and surprised by her next move. With my cock soaked in her juices she placed my cock at the entrance to her ass and sat down slowly.

I thought her pussy was tight! She buried my cock into her ass in one smooth move. The look on her face was one of complete pleasure. She was Cuming again!

Her fingers were on her clit. My hands were on her hips as my hips rose to meet her but she was doing all the work. She was fucking me with her ass and it felt like nothing I had ever felt before. I literally hung on and watched her beautiful body bounce on my cock. She was in the middle of one long orgasm that even I could enjoy.

Soon she collapsed backwards onto the bed letting my cock slip out of her ass, gasping for breath.

"Please fuck my ass" was all she could manage to get out.

I got up onto my knees, lifted her legs on my shoulders and put my cock at the entrance to her ass.

I looked into her eyes. They were glossed over and she was still shaking from her orgasm. "Go on, put it in and fuck my ass."

I pushed into her and she immediately started screaming "OH MY GAWD, OH MY GAWD, OH MY GAWD!"

I sunk completely into her "BANG ME, NOW!"

I pulled out and slammed back in. She screamed again. She was withering under me.

I started banging her, pounding her ass with my cock. My balls were slapping her cunt. I felt that familiar feeling building in my groin. She started pinching her own nipples and screaming OH MY GAWD, OH MY GAWD!

I let loose the most powerful load of my life. It felt like the power of the orgasm sucked my balls right into my groin and down my cock. She was just laying there vibrating.

As I pulled my cock from her ass, she gasped "WOW!" I collapsed back onto the bed and fell asleep again.

When I awoke in the morning she wasn't in the bed. I could hear someone making noise in the kitchen and thought I could smell bacon. I got up put my underwear and pants on and headed out to find out what was up.

"Good morning." Was her first remark.

"Good morning." Was mine.

"I'm making breakfast. Can you stay and eat?" 

"Sure." I mean, what idiot would leave after the kind of night I had? Besides, where can a forty year old get 22 year old to have sex like that and make breakfast too?

"Why don't you go jump in the shower. It's going to be a few before its all ready. You should have time." Sounded like a good idea so I went took a shower and came out to a breakfast fit for a king.

"I hope you don't get the wrong idea about me."

"What do you mean?"

"Well, the first time we meet away from work and I seduce you into having sex with me."

"Let's just say there isn't a guy out there who hasn't had the fantasy of what happened last night. I should be thanking you."

"That's sweet but don't you think what I did was a little slutty?"

"Pam, you are a beautiful woman. I could never think of you as a slut. If a man does what you did, he's called a player. Why should you be concerned?"

"Actually, I do have a concern."

"What's that?"

"I don't want you to miss interpret what happen last night."

"How so?"

"I like you. I look up to you as a fellow worker I can trust and ask questions and learn from at work. I don't want to lose that. But…"

"But what?"

"I don't want a romantic relationship with you."

At first it stung. I mean I knew what had happened last night was just lust but the sex was so good I guess in the back of my mind I started to think maybe it could be more. But as I sat there in silence the only thought that came to my mind was exactly what she wanted to hear.

"I thought we were only going to be sex buddies?"

She smiled and the next six months were the best "dry spell" I had ever had in my life.