 It was the first weekend in June and having just finished my exams I was up in London, visiting my girlfriend. She was out at work though, and one of her other flatmates, Jane was off with her new boyfriend, which left just me and her other flatmate Lisa in the flat. Lisa had just been dumped by her boyfriend and probably failed her second year, so wasn't having a good week! So my girlfriend had told me before she left to make sure that I was nice to her and helped her in any way I could.

I was looking at the internet on my girlfriend's laptop when I heard a knock at the door: "Steve, could I come in?" She asked.

"Yeah." I shouted back.

Lisa opened the door and walked in, she was wearing a low cut top that pushed her ample 34D breasts together to give a wonderful deep cleavage and a short skirt that just about covered her ass, leaving plenty of her thighs on show. It was the first time I'd seen her since I'd arrived as she'd been in her room, so she walked over to me and I kissed her on both cheeks to say hello.

"You ok?" She asked.

"Yeah, fine. Really glad my exams are over though!" I replied.

"Yeah, that's not really something I want to talk about!" She said with a woeful smile.

"Ah, yeah. How are you apart from that?" I asked.

"Fine I suppose, a bit bored though, so I've been drawing." She replied.

"Anything in particular?" I asked, knowing that drawing was one of Lisa's favourite past times.

"Actually that's why I came to see you." She told me, "I was wondering if you'd mind posing for me?"

Remembering what my girlfriend said before she left I agreed and followed Lisa to her room, shutting the door behind us.

"Did you have any pose in particular you were thinking of?" I asked.

"Actually I did, as you know I've sketched Jane nude before, but I've never had a willing male model, so would you mind posing naked for me?" She asked, smiling hopefully.

"I don't know, what if my girlfriend found out?" I asked. I knew roughly what the answer to this would be and had planned ahead, I had always quite fancied seeing Lisa naked and I knew this would be my chance.

"Well, I already asked and she said it was fine, so long as you were happy, she trusts us both." Lisa replied. I knew she was lying, my girlfriend would say no such thing, but it was exactly what I wanted to hear.

"Well, um, I suppose so then, but on one condition." I told her.

"What's that?" She asked with a smile.

"As you're going to be seeing me naked, I think it's only fair that you strip for me first." I told her.

"OK, I suppose that's fair." She said. I could tell from the look on her face that she'd been very much prepared for this possibility, infact, taking into account her clothing I would say that there was a very good chance she actively encouraged it. I should really learn to be less cynical, I thought to myself, or maybe not!

"Right then, shall we go for it?" Lisa asked.

"Yep, let's get started!" I said with a smile.

Without hesitation Lisa quickly pulled her top up over her head, and unfastened her skirt, before allowing it to slip down her legs so she could step out of it. She was wearing a matching black bra and tie-side panties, the bra certainly did wonders for her breasts, pushing them up and together.

"I take it this isn't far enough yet?" She smiled.

"Not yet!" I replied.

Lisa turned around and reached behind her, so I could watch as she unsnapped her bra catch before turning back around and slowly peeling it away from her chest, allowing her natural breasts to bounce gently out of it. As she had such a slight frame her D cups looked absolutely huge on her and were topped off with chocolate areola about the size of a 50p piece and nipples, which due to the cool breeze in her room were rapidly getting erect. I finally dragged my eyes from her tits to see her giving me an expectant look.

"And your panties." I told her.

She pouted at me in faux disdain before untying her panties at both sides, whilst holding them to her, before letting them drop to the floor. She was shaved clean and had slightly protruding lips, upon which I swore I could see the tiny glint of some moisture.

"Right, your turn!" She said hands on hips, smiling.

I quickly slid my t-shirt off over my head before undoing my belt and jeans, letting them drop to the floor before stepping out of them and finally pulling my socks off so I was standing there in just my boxers, which by chance happened to be my tight Calvin Kleins and thus my nine inch hard-on would be very visible.

"And your panties." She said in a mocking tone.

I shot her a glare, quickly followed by a smile and she smiled back, a smile that got wider as I slid my boxers down my legs and she saw the full extent of my erect cock.

"Where do you want me then?" I asked.

I thought I saw her mouth 'Buried inside me' before she caught herself and said "Uh, up on the bed, lying on your side please."

I got up onto her bed, and lay on my side, propping my head up with my hand as Lisa grabbed her sketchbook and pencil off her desk, before sitting down, still naked, on a chair she positioned infront of the bed. She flipped to a blank page, picked up her pencil and started to draw me, I noticed that whenever she looked up at me her eyes were drawn to my still erect cock and when I looked at her pussy I could now definitely see moisture on her lips. So it came as no surprise when, after about 15 minutes she stood up and said:

"It's no use; I just can't bloody concentrate with your huge cock on show."

However, what she did next did slightly surprise me. I watched as Lisa stood up and carefully placed her sketchbook and pencil on her chair before walking over to the bed, pushing me onto my back and climbing ontop of me so that she was facing away from me.

She then looked over her shoulder at me and said: "I guess I'll just have to deal with it wont I!"

She moved herself back a bit, so her pussy was practically in my face, before bending down, her nipples grazing against my stomach as she took my cock into her mouth and started sucking it. 

This had now gone slightly further than I planned, but I wasn't about to complain, Lisa certainly knew how to give good head! I lay there enjoying the amazing blowjob I was getting for a while, but Lisa's pussy was proving to be too tempting too ignore and I grabbed her thighs and pulled her towards me, licking up her slit and collecting her juices on my tongue, she gave an appreciative moan of pleasure as I did. I licked up her slit again, this time pausing to dance my tongue on her clit for a while, she again moaned in appreciation; muffled by virtue of the fact her mouth was full of my cock. I once again ran my tongue slowly up and down her slit, teasing her, before plunging it into her wet pussy, swirling it all around, her sweet juices dancing on my taste buds as I tongue fucked her. She was breathing so heavily now that she had to let my cock fall from her mouth.

"Oh my God, what the fuck are you doing to me Steve? That feels amazing!" She moaned.

I kept swirling my tongue around the inside of her pussy, as her breathing got heavier, occasionally taking it out so I could penetrate her with it again, bringing her closer and closer to orgasm as her moans got louder.

"Ooooohhhhhhh, Godddddddd, Steve, I'm going to cuuuummmm soooooooonnnnn." She moaned.

I removed my tongue from her pussy and licked up her slit until I got to her engorged clit, then proceeded to lick, suck and nibble it until I brought her to a thunderous orgasm.

"Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuccccccccckkkkkkkk, shhhhiiiiiiiiiitttttttttttttt, yyyyyyyyyyeeeeeeeeessssssssssss!" Lisa screamed in pleasure as she exploded in orgasm.

I gently lapped up her juices as she recovered before she slowly got up and turned around so she was facing me.

"You bastard! That was amazing; where the fuck did you learn to do that?" She asked.

"Just practice." I replied.

"Well, practice certainly makes perfect! Now I'm gonna have to deal with your big cock another way!" She said.

Lisa then moved herself backwards on me, took my cock in her hand, lined the head up with her sopping pussy and sank herself down on it with a groan of pleasure until my full nine inches were buried deep inside her. She then started sliding herself up and down my cock, slowly at first but gradually speeding up. Her well lubricated pussy felt amazing as my cock sank into it, even better than her mouth infact, she was also tight enough that I could feel her pussy completely surround my cock, to the extent that if she wasn't so sopping wet she might of had trouble taking it all in her. After a while she slowed down again and bent over so that her breasts were grazing against my chest with every thrust, her nipples hard as rock as they skidded across my skin. Her pussy felt amazing as it slid up and down my cock, coupled with the sensual feeling of her breasts on my chest meant I knew it wouldn't be long until I came.

"Ooooooohhhhhh, Lisa, yesssss, I'm gonna cuuuuummmm soooooonnnnn." I moaned.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmm, goooooooooddddd." She moaned back.

Then, with a groan of pleasure I started filling Lisa's pussy with my cum as her pussy tightened her grip on my cock as she had another orgasm.

"Oooooohhhhhh, fuuuuuuuuuccccccckkkk, fillllll mmeeeeeeee with your cuuuuummmmmm Steve." She moaned loudly.

I kept thrusting as I pumped more and more of my cum up into her womb whilst she came on my cock. Eventually both of our orgasms finished and she collapsed down onto me as we regained our breath. After a while Lisa got off me and went back over to her chair, picked up her pad and pencil and sat down, my cum leaking out of her pussy and down onto her thighs and the chair.

"Back into position then, I might actually be able to concentrate now!" She said.

I rolled back onto my side, my cock now limp after the workout Lisa gave it and watched as she drew me, with my cum spilling out of her pussy. It took her another half hour to finish the drawing of me, when she did she called me over.

"Come here and tell me what you think then." Lisa instructed.

I got up off the bed and walked over so I was standing behind Lisa, and looked down past her breasts (with difficulty!) to the picture.

"Wow! It's really good!" I told her.

"You think so?" She asked with a smile.

"Yeah. But I'm not sure you've got the size of my dick right." I said.

"Oh really! Well I suppose I best check its size then. Come put it in my depth measurer so we can see!" She said.

Lisa then stood up, walked over to her bed and bent over it, presenting her cum filled pussy to me. I followed her over, my hard again cock leading the way, I easily slipped into her pussy, it was quite a turn-on to feel my earlier cum squishing against my cock as I slid into her.

"Mmmmmmmmm, maybe I did underestimate your cock. You best make sure I don't ever forget how big it is again!" She told me.

I leant over her and grabbed her breasts, they were so soft, just like two big pillows, and fondled them as I began to ram my cock in and out of Lisa's pussy.

"Fuuuuuuuuucccccccccckkkkkkkk, yyyyyyeeeeeesssssss, I won't forget how big your cock is eeeeeevvvvvvveeeeerrrrrrrrrr!" She moaned in delight as I ploughed in and out of her pussy.

I quickened my pace so I was slamming into her pussy, whilst she moaned in pleasure.

"Oh my God Steve, no-one ever fucked me this well before." She said.

"Glad to be of service!" I said, as I slammed my cock hard into her pussy whilst fondling her D cup breasts.

It wasn't long until I needed to cum again and with a grunt I started pumping cum into Lisa's pussy for the second time that day.

"I think that makes us even at 2 each!" I said whilst emptying my load into her.

I then pulled out of her, followed by a stream of cum. Lisa turned around and bent down to take my cock in her mouth and clean the cum from it before standing up and saying:

"I really enjoyed that!"

"Me too!" I replied.

"Although there is one thing I forgot to mention earlier..." She told me.

"What's that?" I asked.

"I probably should have told you this before you pumped cum into my womb, twice. But I'm not on the pill and I'm currently at my most fertile. So you've probably just got me pregnant." She informed me.

"Oh." Was all I could muster as a reply.

*******************************

*******************************

Sure enough nine months later Lisa gave birth to our daughter, although she passed it off as her ex-boyfriends, who wanted nothing to do with it, but still paid the maintenance.

Lisa and I still meet up at least once every month, mainly so I can see my daughter, but also so I can give her a good fucking! As a result she's now pregnant again, with a little brother or sister for our daughter.