 I had originally planned this to be a single short story (the part which became Act II). But anticipating that I'd want to add to it, I began writing other parts – all out of order. And by the time I decided to bring them together, I could not find a graceful way to link Act I and Act II. 

It is a little disjointed, I know, but I do not think this takes away from the story, as in my experience at least, first fumblings with clothes have never been all that sexy. So I hope you enjoy my story as is, and I apologize if the lack of transition diminishes that in any way for you. Or just start with Act II. I like it the best in any case.

Act I: Beginnings

After a few weeks of flirting, he had finally summoned the courage to ask her out and now, near the end of their date, he was almost confused by how well it was going. 

At 5-foot-6, with shoulder-length brown hair, a personality rivaled in perkiness only by her b-cup breasts and a bouncy backside that invited looks, she wasn't the type of girl he usually went after. His formative years had been spent lusting after large breasted redheads, whose sometimes-icy demeanors only added to their allure

Always quick with a smile and rarely cross with him at work, She didn't seem like the ball busters he'd been out with recently. And now he wondered why he hadn't asked her out sooner?

But then, feeling her taut skin and firm body beneath him, he remembered. He wouldn't have dreamed he could tempt such a woman into dinner with him, much less into a make-out session on his couch. But here he was, caressing her licorice-coated lips with his own as she ground into him from below.

He'd regretted not having a more well-stocked bar when they'd come to his place after the movie, having laughed themselves silly at the sequel to Kevin Smith's "Clerk's" - well, at least at parts of it. He had to admit that he'd cringed a little when the main characters spent what seemed like an eternity talking about going "ass to mouth." But she had picked the flick and she hadn't flinched at the conversation. 

A gentleman all night long, he was a little surprised by her forwardness in asking to be shown his apartment. Surprised, but pleased ... until he opened his bare liquor cabinet and found only a fifth of Jagermeister in the freezer from a party he'd had with friends a few nights before. 

When he'd told her what he had, she just smiled sweetly and said "Mmmmm. Cough syrupy goodness," before holding out her hand for the bottle and taking a good-sized gulp - giving an exaggerated shiver as she swallowed. "Just like Mama used to drink."

Half a bottle and only a little sweet talk later, he'd found himself entangled with her on his beat-up old couch, her pelvis working up toward his as they dry-humped like two high schoolers in the back of dear old dad's Oldsmobile.

Lowering his head, he kissed her neck, making little circles with his mouth and lightly pressing his tongue to her body as he drew back, only to replace his lips a few inches away. He quickly learned that she loved the feeling of his mouth just below and to the rear of her ear, navigating through the reactions of her body against his. 

He could feel her hands searching along his back and down to his ass, which she squeezed from time to time to show her appreciation. And, each time she did, he responded by grinding his now-rigid cock between her legs, separated only by the layers of denim jean between them.

Shifting his full weight to his left arm, which lying next to her, allowed him to play with her hair as they kissed, he reached up with his right hand and pulled on the knot tying her black halter behind her neck and then drew the soft fabric down her chest, exposing her breasts as he continued to work the left side of her neck with his mouth. His right hand moved to cup the pert little mound, which she pushed up with an arch of her back. 

Kissing her full on the mouth again, he massaged her flesh firmly, yet tenderly, taking care not to be too rough with her now completely erect left nipple. That would only come later, and only if she asked nicely. 

As he continued to kneed her left breast with his right hand, he brought his mouth down from her neck, kissing along the valley of her cleavage, dragging his tongue here and there, to prolong the sensation, until he reached her right breast, taking it whole into his mouth, tickling her areola with his tongue. Flattening his tongue so that he could taste every inch of her naked skin, he began working at her engorged nipple by making little circles lightly around the darker skin and punctuating the pleasure from time to time by pulling it again into his mouth. 

As he concentrated on her breasts, he felt her twirling her fingers through his hair mindlessly, sometimes massaging his head, other times grabbing clumps of his hair and pushing him hard onto her chest. 

And then, all too suddenly, she said, "Wait," and grabbed both sides of his head, tilting it so that she was looking into his eyes. Sure that their fun was over, he gave her his best sheepish grin and innocently asked "What?

"Nothing," she said, returning his gaze with much more predatory eyes, "I just thought you might prefer continuing that in the bedroom." 

Stunned, he stood up as she rolled off the couch and began walking toward the back of the apartment, untying the bottom knot of her halter as she went. Dropping it in the hallway, he saw her reaching down to unbutton her jeans as well. 

"Don't forget the bottle," came her voice from his bedroom. "And don't keep me waiting."

* * *

Act II: A real kiss

His tongue lingered there for a moment, allowing him to taste every drop of moisture that dripped from her silken slit. 

This muscle. This hot, wet, powerful muscle had opened her folds as surely as it had opened her heart ... and her legs. And now, it bathed in the juices his words had engendered. 

Slowly, he drew it up her crevasse, spreading it wide to enjoy the sensation of covering her mound with his mouth. From far below, he moved it over the bumps and ridges of her lips, riding the folds as its tip followed close behind and cleaved her pink wet pussy entirely. 

Slowly, he moved toward her clit, the little nub where her deepest pleasures lie. And finding it, he drew his lips around it and pulled it between them. Sucking it in, he allowed his tongue to play gently at its tip, already engorged with desire he could only imagine. 

Not that he didn't desire her as well. His jeans grew tighter by the second, so much so that he was sure he'd burst the seams (if not spill his seed) at any moment. But it had been a long time since he'd tasted a woman, and he wanted to enjoy it a little longer at least, before he allowed himself the pleasure of being inside her.

She'd shaven herself in preparation for tonight. At least he thought it was for him, and to think it was good enough. He'd told her before, in what had almost passed for casual conversation at the office, that he liked the feeling of bare flesh beneath his wet caress, and she'd moaned throatily at the thought. 

"Mmmmm," came the sound again as he returned to the base of her uncovered mound, flicking his up and down a little more as he again drew it along her most secret place. 

He placed a hand along her inner thigh then, spreading her legs wider still, so that he could probe deeper in her. She readily allowed him, placing fingers to either side of her slit, so that he could bury his tongue even further into her. 

Her pink flesh radiated heat as he dove into her, nuzzling her clit with his nose as he gave her the tongue-lashing she was crying out for. And then his tongue was on her clit again lapping like a dog at his bowl, as he brought the thumb of his right hand into her. Sliding his fingers below her cheeks, he pressed his thumb to the hilt, working it up and down inside her as he bathed her upper pussy and clit with his wet, hot mouth.

She urged him on, running her fingers through his hair, directing him to just the right spot as she arched her back to bring herself into his mouth even more. Taking his thumb from her, he replaced it with his index and middle fingers, wetting them before sliding them easily into her. 

In and out. In and out. Searching for the little rough patch inside that most people called the G-spot. Finding it full at his touch, he concentrated on it, massaging it with his fingertips as he made tiny circles around her clit with his tongue.

He could hear her moaning with delight, and imagined her above him, teeth clamping into her lower lip.

He returned to lapping faster then, making sure to flick her mini-phallus as he did. And then side to side, like an emphatic "No" that was no such thing. He knew he could only to this for a few minutes before his head began to hurt and he'd have to return to lapping at her as he had been. But he had already felt her begin to stiffen and knew her time was near. 

Reaching up with his free hand he cupped her right breast and kneaded it for a moment before tracing his fingers down her arm to find her hand, freed from the back of his head while its companion piece continued grabbing at his hair. 

He intertwined his fingers with hers and she gripped him tight as the first spasm of her orgasm ripped through her. He felt her push her pelvis into him as she came. And he could feel the warm rush of her juices flowing onto his chin. 

She squeezed tightly at his hand for a moment longer, then relaxed and brought both hands to his head. Running her fingers through his hair, she smiled down at him, sweat dripping from her brow. 

"Wow," was all she uttered, as, breathing heavily, she drew a fingernail down the side of his face. 

He playfully bit at her inner thigh and she jumped at the ticklish sensation, then smiled again, drawing him up to her, so that she could kiss him. His mouth settled again on this other, even more luscious set of lips, his tongue ready still to work more magic for her.

* * *

Act III: Two as one

Having drawn him up to her, they locked their mouths into a blistering embrace, each one's tongue battling for supremacy over the other and searching for that secret, sacred spot that would send the other deeper into the passion of the moment. 

He tasted her lips, sweet with the licorice flavors of the Jagermeister the two of them had drunken only minutes before. And she tasted herself on his tongue, only recently removed from her bare pudendum, the feeling now coursing through her as surely as the alcoholic buzz that had set off this little escapade to begin with. 

From above her, he could feel her graze her fingernails down his bare chest, stuttering as they passed over his well-formed abs and then turning her hand flat along his stomach as she glided it to the bulge in his pants. She squeezed his length and he could feel a smile work across her lips as they continued kissing, her other hand pulling his head closer to hers. 

Pulling his mouth away from her, he kissed her neck just below the jaw line, inches from her left ear, allowing his tongue to dot the skin beneath the perfectly-formed O of his lips, before simply asking "Ready?"

With one final squeeze, she released him and began to work at his belt and jeans. The metal buckle clinked softly as it came free, allowing her access to the button and zipper beneath. They were quickly done away with and she rose, pressing her breasts into him, as she pushed the jeans and boxers over his hips and down along his legs. 

His cock, heavy with exhaustion at struggling with his jeans and thick with expectation, fell hard onto the bed between her legs. Having shed his socks and shoes earlier, he easily stepped out of the rest of his clothes as she grabbed at his length again, now free of its constraints. 

Not huge, but very usable, his cock stood at attention in her hand as she gave it a quick tug and watched the pre-cum - which had been building since they had first come to the room - ooze out onto her palm. And as he watched her bring the hand to her mouth to clean it with her tongue, he had to resist the urge to stroke himself. His cock, after all, was hers now as well. 

Releasing his throbbing member, she grabbed him by the neck and pulled him down to her again. And as their mouths met again, he felt her reach between his legs, lift her own, and guide him into her. 

He was enveloped in a heavenly warmth as he slid into her. His head, disappearing with a quick pop, felt her close around him, drawing him ever deeper. Slowly, he worked his shaft into her, gliding along the well-lubricated walls of her pussy. He stopped after a few inches, not wanting to go too far too fast. But she grabbed the meat of his ass and pushed him further, until all of his eight inches was buried deep in her folds. 

She held him there for a moment, grinding up into him slowly as she adjusted herself to fit him and he breathed heavily into her ear, the warmth of his breath on her neck accentuating the feelings between her thighs.

Releasing him, he pulled back half way, balancing his weight on his hands as he looked down at her and she up at him. Eyes locked, he pushed back into her, the warmth inside of her beckoning him. In and again. In and again. She squeezed tight against his throbbing manhood. 

In and again. In and again. The rhythm of their bodies meeting as the heat built between them. Reaching beneath her, he brought one leg up in front of his arm, giving him even better access to that sweet golden spot beneath him.

In and again. And again. Their stomachs collided as they grew closer together, his arms beginning to grow weak from holding himself above her. How long had it been? He didn't know. He only knew that the sweat from his body was dripping down the hollow of his back, then rolling to one side to join hers as it rolled off onto the bed below.

In and again. The two of them heaving beasts controlled by their baser instincts to join a hot, sweaty mating dance from time immemorial. Pounding into her now, plumbing her depths with his full rod, he could feel her tighten again against him. 

Arching her back, she at once pushed into him and pulled him to her, her fingernails digging into his back as she did. 

"Wait!" came the words, forced from her lips as she stilled him against her. "Stop! There! Oh, God!"

He could feel her contracting around him, squeezing as if she were - by sheer force of will - going to pull him completely into her. As she held him there, he could feel her begin to relax into the mattress soaked with their sweat and now her orgasm. 

She pulled his ear to her mouth, and through heavy breaths, said "Your turn."

* * *

Act IV: His release

Music. Or at least as close as she could get with words. "Your turn."

And with a quick little flex of her hips, she pushed him into her once more - a reminder that he was still within her. Not that he needed to be reminded. He could feel her warmer still around him and - now that they were relatively still - he could feel the stubble of her shaven mound brush against his own lightly-trimmed pubic region.

Putting both her hands on his chest, she pushed him back and to the left, rolling him off of her and following him as he went. She could feel him slipping from inside her and felt the weight of his cock as it fell from her - still hard, but growing less rigid by the moment.

He fell onto his back, the apartment's air conditioner doing a cool dance between his legs, where her juices had soaked him. He was almost surprised at how wet he was down there now. But she had cum hard, and he now carried the proof of that on his skin.

As he relaxed onto the sweaty mattress, he felt her begin to stroke him with her right hand. Squeezing hard as she did and using the lubrication she'd provided only moments earlier, she massaged his member from head to base.

She kissed his chest, lightly flicking his skin with her tongue as she went. Closing her lips around his right nipple, making a circular motion matching what he'd don to her. Then to his right nipple, swirling her tongue around his areola in an attempt to make it as hard as hers.

She drew her tongue along the center of his chest now and he could see her pert breasts hang beneath her as she moved lower and lower on his body. Her right nipple, still hard as a diamond cutter, grazed his chest as she drew herself down - all the while stroking his cock. 

She had a firm grip on him, twisting clockwise slightly as she moved her hand up and down on his rod. 

Reaching his swollen hard on, she wrapped her lips around it. Her tongue, slick with anticipation, guided the head into her mouth and tickled the underside as it went.

Her hand still firmly on his cock, she followed it with her lips, moving down his shaft, wetting it again where it her come had gone dry. Moving up and down along his hardness, she followed her hand closely, providing an even tighter fit than her obviously well-trained mouth could. 

Taking her warm, wet mouth from him, she licked her lips as she continued to pump away at his cock and licked her lips as she looked up at him. And then, lowering herself again, she moved past his cock to his balls. 

As her right hand worked feverishly to pleasure his manhood, she lapped at its two companions, jiggling them with her tongue as she went. The balls, which had been soaked heavily only a few minutes earlier with her release were licked clean and then cleaned some more. 

With one hand like ridges and folds, trying to pound his flesh into its own submission and release, she reached down to kneed his balls as she returned her mouth to his cock to wet it again. Pulling him into her mouth, she again experienced the pre-cum she'd tasted earlier when she disrobed him. 

She could feel him tensing beneath her caress and knew he'd soon need to spend himself. And so she increased her pace, sliding her tongue along the underside of his cock as she stroked him. Harder. And harder still. 

Pulling her mouth from the swollen bulb of a head, she whispered, "Come on. I want you to cum for me."

And as if she'd just said "open sesame," his floodgates burst, sending ropy rivulets of hot protein into the air, taking her a little bit by surprise. Cum showered the lower half of her face and his stomach again and again, leaving pearls before them as he moaned with relief. 

After the spasms subsided, she squeezed his cock one last time, draining the salty fluid from him and then licking it from her fingers. She made comical little swirls in the spoo on his belly before joining him at the head of the bed.

Lying wrapped in one another's arms, both a little overheated but eager to be close nonetheless, he kissed her forehead and pulled her tightly to him. 

"Good date, huh?" he said breathing heavily. 

"Good date," she said and nuzzled her nose into his neck as she drifted off to sleep.