 I finally made it up to my hotel room shortly after midnight. My flight to the conference city had been a nightmare! A routine 5 1/2 hour transcontinental nonstop turned into a nightmare. Over the Rockies we encountered Clear Air Turbulence and a passenger who wasn't wearing her seatbelt got hurt as our Airbus battered its way through the sky. We made an emergency landing in Denver so the injured passenger could get prompt medical attention. After an hour on the ground, we resumed our journey East. As our aircraft taxied toward the takeoff runway a very nervous passenger decided he had to get off the plane NOW! 

The flight attendants and several fellow passengers attempted to subdue him, but he was scared to death and somehow made it to a rear exit door, which he tried to open. We were routed to a remote area of the airport where police and FBI agents surrounded the aircraft, perhaps thinking a hijacking was in progress. Eventually they stormed the cabin and removed the frightened passenger. By this time we were so late that our flight crew was nearing the limit of its legal active duty time. That meant an alternate crew had to be found to take over the flight. Finally, after a total of nearly six hours on the ground, we took off. The rest of our trip was uneventful and at last we landed at our destination. 

The room was typical hotel chain, but the bed was big and looked mighty inviting. I lay down and turned on the TV to catch up with news. The misadventures of my flight were one of the stories from the "lighter side" of the news. The anchor chuckled as he commented how unlucky we were to be on that flight. I mumbled a few choice expletives at him and then flipped through the channels to see if anything good was on. 

I wasn't tired and there was nothing worth watching on the tube and I didn't feel like reading or rehearsing my presentation to be made that afternoon. I scanned the hotel's directory and saw that the health club was accessible to guests 24 hours a day. I figured a good workout would use up my excess energy and tire me out enough to get several hours of deep sleep. I dressed in a tee shirt, shorts and sneakers and headed to the gym. 

I went straight to the loose weights and started a routine of dumbbell and barbell work. Before long I had a good sweat going and was feeling the "burn" associated with strenuous exercise. After finishing with the weights I wandered into the cardiovascular area. I estimated about 20 minutes on a treadmill and some cool down stretching would finish my workout. Then I'd shower and head back to my room for a well-earned rest. 

As I entered the CV area, I noticed a woman riding a stationary bike. I said hello but she just glanced at me and returned to her riding with no reply. I guess she didn't care for conversation and I didn't want to crowd her and make her feel nervous. I just set my treadmill for 20 minutes and started jogging. After about 15 minutes, my silent neighbor finished her bike ride and headed toward the locker area. I continued on the treadmill for my remaining time and concluded my routine with about five minutes of stretching. I walked into the men's locker room and stripped down and got in the shower. I turned on the water and stepped into its warm embrace. It felt really good! I let the water spray over all parts of my body before soaping up. I thoroughly lathered my face and chest and legs and then spent a couple of moments making sure my cock and balls were clean and free of sweat. I then did my ass and as much of my back as I could reach. I rinsed off and set about shampooing my hair. It was at this time I thought I heard a locker door slam shut, but figured it was a product of my imagination. 

One final time under the warm water to rinse the shampoo from my hair. I stood there allowing the spray to massage my body before turning it off. I reached for my towel and cleaned the soap and water from my eyes before drying myself off. As I dried off I slowly walked back into the men's locker room. I turned the corner to my locker and that's when I saw the biker woman. She was standing completely naked next to a bench. Her clothes were in a neat pile under the bench. She made no effort to cover her nakedness. She was about 5'6" tall and maybe 120 lbs. Her hair was of medium length and still wet from her own shower. She had a nice face, with piercing green eyes and lush lips. Her breasts were of modest size and slightly drooping, topped with small dark nipples. I figured her measurements at 34-B, 26, 36. She had shaved off almost all her pubic hair, leaving just a small trim triangle above her clit. 

I guess I stared at her for a while. Finally, the mysterious woman spread her towel on the bench and lay down. She raised her legs and bent her knees toward her ears. Her pussy lips parted and I noticed how swollen and prominent her clit and mound were and how deep pink and wet she was inside.

"Fuck me!" she growled in a husky voice. "Do it here and do it hard! Make me cum! NOW!!" 

The urgency of her statements took me by surprise. I didn't know how to act. I suppose I looked pretty stupid standing there, nude except for a towel around my shoulders with shower water dripping off. She looked back at me and smiled. 

"C'mon stud, you like girls, don't you? I won't hurt you! All I want is your cock in my pussy and my ass and my mouth. Just fuck my pussy, and then my ass and I'll let you cum in my mouth! I'm the kinda girl that loves the taste of cum! I'll let you watch me swallow it and then I'll lick your cock clean. How can you lose? Now, be a good boy and get it up and stick it in!" 

She made that last demand in a deep voice with her teeth tightly clenched. She would not be denied. Her satisfaction was all that mattered and she didn't care about anything, or anyone, else at that moment.

Maybe my brain couldn't sort things out, but my cock had no trouble. By this time I was well on my way to a super hardon. I dropped the towel and advanced toward her. She looked back at me and smirked and opened her pussy even wider with her fingers. Some droplets of cunt juice were drooling from inside her hole and running down her butt crack to land on the towel. I noticed the scent of this highly aroused woman's sex wafting through the air. 

My cock had grown thick and hard sex and resembled a weapon more than a mere penis. I straddled the bench, took one final step toward my unknown partner and plunged into her womanhood as far as I could. My God, she was hotter and wetter than I imagined! As soon as I bottomed out, I felt her vaginal muscles lock onto my shaft. I started pulling out, but she didn't make it easy. Her grip on my cock was incredible! I then realized this was how it was going to be done, so I let her cunt muscles suck my cock back in and then slowly push it back out. I have to admit I enjoyed her technique very much. With most women I've bedded I ended up doing most or all of the work. But this hottie was different! She wasn't interested in my pleasure, just her own, and I was lucky enough to have my cock be the instrument by which she achieved it! 

We continued this slow pace for quite some time. Finally, she had a massive orgasm during which time her cunt muscles put a death grip on my cock. I recall wondering what I would do if she never let go of my prick. But, I didn't have to worry. After about 60 seconds I felt her pussy relaxing her hold on my penis. I began to slowly withdraw from her love tunnel. As I came out, she said in a breathless voice, 

"That was really good. If you can fuck my ass the way you fucked my cunt and I'll reward you with the best blowjob of your life."

This was a challenge I could not refuse! I stood back, surveyed the situation and took a deep breath. She pulled her legs down a bit more, giving me easier access to her asshole. Thick pussy juice coated her little brown rosebud. I adjusted my stance and brought the tip of my cock in contact with her anus. I exhaled and took in another deep breath. Then I pushed in. Immediately her sphincter closed in around my shaft making her hole feel tighter than it was. Then I began a steady in and out, deep into her ass. I glanced up at her and noted the look of complete bliss on her face. I admit I was just as happy! 

I felt I could have gone on like this all night. However, all good things must end and she began a low moan which soon became the wailing of a deep orgasm. Her eyes rolled up into her head and her breathing became fast and shallow. She grabbed onto my arms and tried pulling me deeper into her body. All at once she stiffened. Her grip on my cock and my arms was incredible! A low guttural growl escaped from her lips. She'd had another orgasm, and this one seemed even more intense than the previous! 

It seemed that a long time passed before she took in a breath and eased her clench of my arms. I felt her slowly push my cock out of her anus. After it was out, she lowered her legs and sat up. Her face was covered in a sheen of sweat.

"Wow, that was great! I haven't been fucked that good for a long time! My ass'll be tingling for hours! You earned your reward. Come a little closer and claim it."

I thought for sure she'd want to at least wipe off my cock, and maybe wash it, but she just told hold and started licking. Around and around the head went her tongue, swirling around the turgid flesh. She probed into the piss-slit, scooping out the precum as it flowed out. Then, after thoroughly cleaning the head of all traces of her cunt and ass, she went to work on the shaft. I don't know how I managed to hold out, but I did. She licked every millimeter of my manhood. Finally She sucked me into her mouth down to the root. Those sensuous lips looked great around my flesh. Up and down, deeper and deeper, faster and faster she sucked until I couldn't keep control any longer. I told her I was going to cum but she didn't let go. It only took a few more seconds before jets of semen erupted from my balls into her mouth. By the time the last dribbles of jism exited my cock I was exhausted. My erection was softening and my legs felt like jelly. I sat down next to this wonderful sexy woman, trying to catch my breath. She turned to me and gestured for me to look up at her face. When I did, she opened her mouth. Her lower jaw was filled almost to the top of her teeth with my ejaculate. It looked very thick and cloudy with a few lighter streaks here and there. She closed her mouth and swallowed deeply. I imagined each little sperm flowing past her tongue, and down her throat into her belly. When she finished, she opened her mouth as if to prove that it was "all gone" and licked her lips. 

"Mmmmmm! That tasted nice. Not too strong and salty. I'm glad I met you!"

She then gently took hold of my flaccid shaft and licked off the bits of cooled cum that hadn't made it into her mouth. When she finished she gave the tip of my cock a big kiss and let it go. She gathered her belongings and got dressed. 

"Thank you for a great fuck! I hope you enjoyed it as much as me!"

She kissed me on the cheek and began walking away. Before she went too far I called out

"Wait! What's your name? Can I see you again?"

In reply I got the diminishing sound of her footsteps. Soon there was only silence.

The next night I came back to the gym hoping she was there, but I was alone. I asked at the front desk about her, but no one recognized her from my description. I'm sure I'll never see her again, but our encounter is one I'll never forget.