 Being the wife of a Southern Baptist minister left me sexually frustrated. Whenever I tried to suggest we try anything other than the "missionary" position, I was chastised. I couldn't keep any kind of device in the house that might help out my unfilled sexual appetite, as my husband would search my drawers and purse all the time. He told me that the devil wanted my soul and that's why I was such a Jezebel. He told me that whenever I felt those sexual urges I should go to the alter and pray until I no longer felt the burning desires inside of me. Needless to say, I was in extreme need for sexual fulfillment.

Our church was having its annual convention and my husband was working long, late hours. I spent time tending the house and garden. It was a particularly hot day and the sweat was rolling off my face down the front of my white blouse. My blouse was sticking to me and making me feel even hotter, so I shamelessly unbuttoned it and tossed it on the ground. 

How naughty I felt as my breasts were freed and the wind blew across my nipples. It felt so good, I couldn't stop with that. I slipped my shorts off and danced playfully around the yard in my satin thong bikini panties. The hedge was tall enough that someone would have to be standing on their tiptoes to see me. I grabbed the hose and turned on the water sprinkler. I hopped in and out of the water, squealing like a little child. The heat of the day continued to mount and I eventually just stood in the middle of the sprinkler, allowing it to keep my body cool. I slipped my hands into my thong bikini and massaged my clitoris hard and heavy until it began throbbing.

At the same time, my husband was in the middle of a crisis at the convention. He had forgotten the folders he needed for the night's meeting schedule. He decided he couldn't free himself up to go get them, so he sent his assistant, William, to go get them. He gave William the key to get in, in case I had gone to run an errand.

William pulled up to my house and knocked on the door. Of course, I didn't answer because I was playing in the sprinkler and couldn't hear a thing. William let himself in to the house. The first thing he saw when he looked through the patio door was me, in the sprinkler finger-fucking myself. He stood there in disbelief and then thought to himself, "I know the Reverend WON'T be coming home, I could just stand here and enjoy this sinful show." And enjoy it he did. He pulled a chair up, sat down, and unzipped his pants. 

After freeing his already growing hardness, he began stroking while he watched me. I was thrusting my hips as I brought myself to an orgasm. William stroked to each thrust. I must have frightened him terribly when I started walking toward the house. He couldn't move fast enough and when I walked in, dripping wet, there William stood with his hand around a stiff 9 inch cock. 

"Brother William," I gasped, startled at first. "Brother William, it looks like we are both in a sinful position here. Me, playing with my pussy and you playing with your, your really big dick." Brother William smiled as I said that, relaxing a bit. "Ms. Brown, I couldn't help myself. The Reverend told me about your ways, that you were the devil's curse to him. He has told me stories about the things you want to do."

I walked slowly up to William. I removed his hand from his dick and kneeled down in front of him. "Brother William, my husband tells me I should pray at the alter when I am filled with sexual desire. I bow down now to do so and pray that you will let me fulfill my deep desires."

"Ms. Brown," William said, "What do you desire?" "Let me show you," I said as I swallowed his cock into my mouth. I grabbed his ass cheeks and pumped his cock in and out of my mouth. I could feel his juices beginning to ooze out. With that, I sucked even harder, pulling his hands down to my breasts. I guided his hands over my breasts and to my nipples. I helped him to pinch me until it hurt. 

I could feel that William was close to shooting. As he began to breath with passion, I pulled my lips off his swollen cock and began jerking him off onto my tits. The hot cum shot all over my aching breasts and I squealed with each spurt.

As I cleaned myself and Brother William off with a towel, I made him promise me that he would cum back for more.