 Sexplorations - Episode 4 - The Vacation Part 1

John

My project at work was wrapping up, on schedule and even under budget. I was looking forward to the vacation time - I had really earned it. After some long discussions, Susan and I decided to make this a relaxing vacation - we'd stay at home, work on the garden, and just generally relax. Since the Fourth of July was right in the middle of the vacation this made a lot of sense - there would be crowds of people at most of the vacation spots anyway. And I was really kind of wiped out from all of the extra hours I had done. Of course, this would mean that we could get together with Rita. After Susan's episode with Rita I was hoping that the three of us could have some fun.

The final day at work arrived. My boss congratulated me on the fine job and told me to enjoy my vacation. In fact he surprised me by giving me an extra three days off as compensation for the overtime I had done. Susan was going to be surprised at this, although her time off from work was already set for the original vacation time and she'd have to go back and leave me to putter around the house. I could cook some extravagant dinners for her.

When I got home, Susan was already there. She had a light meal already prepared and waiting for my arrival. She was also dressed in her favorite red dress. She, and the meal, looked delicious. We sat down and enjoyed a fine bottle of wine with the meal.

"You look great, and this is really delicious. Where did you get the recipe?"

She answered, "Rita told me about it. I had told her I wanted to do something special for you to start off this vacation and she suggested this. I'm glad you like it."

"It's not all I like. Perhaps you have something in mind, being all dolled up?"

"Well, you never know what might happen, especially when there's no need to get up early the next day. Come on, finish eating so we can go relax on the couch. I bought a new CD today that I'm sure you'll like."

I was soon finished. We cleared the table together and then went into the living room. Susan put on the CD and then turned the lights down low. I recognized the group right away - it was something by Tangerine Dream. I hadn't heard it before, but their sound is very recognizable. Susan didn't join me on the couch, she started dancing to the music. I watched her for a short while, and then got up and joined her. We danced for a long time but as the music got to us we began to hold each other closer.

I started to kiss the nape of her neck. I felt her body against mine, it felt really good. I decided, or at least agreed with her unstated suggestion, that now was the time to make love. I reached to the zipper on her dress and began to pull it down. She had nothing on under it! I'd thought when I first saw her at the door in this that it looked especially good on her, now I understood why. The dress fell to the floor. She began to unbutton my shirt. Soon it was on the floor, joined soon thereafter by the rest of my clothes.

We resumed dancing. My erect cock rubbed against her as we swayed back and forth. I brought my hands around to her breasts and begun to excite the nipples even more then they already were. We began to kiss passionately, our tongues played together. I bent my knees a little to lower my cock to her cunt. I started to push it into her lips and rub it back and forth against her clit. She pushed her hips out to meet me. We still had the music to define our rhythm - the beat was still kind of slow and languid. Gradually my cock went closer and closer to her cunt. I felt it enter her, only a little bit. I teased her with it. She started to push her hips out trying to get more of it in. I backed up as she did this until I felt the couch behind me. I grabbed onto her lower back and pulled her with me as I sat down. I kept my legs between hers so she wound up sitting on my lap. I couldn't move away from her thrusts any more - she began to sit down on my cock, still following the time of the music. I was soon completely buried in her.

I looked up at her face - her eyes were closed and she was swaying her head to the music. I reached up and took a tit in each hand. I squeezed them and rubbed each nipple between a thumb and forefinger. She acknowledged this by smiling and squeezing all of her cunt muscles on my cock. She began to slowly move up and down on my cock. Each time it was in she would squeeze it. Tangerine Dream began to pick up the pace of the tune. We kept time to the music and so everything we did began to accelerate. I took one hand away from her tit and moved it to her clit. I began to rub it gently, but in time. Susan began to moan and started to move faster.

I took my other hand away and put it to her mouth. She pulled it in and began to tease at it with her tongue. I pushed it in and out of her mouth for awhile and then took it out and moved it around to her ass. Her position had her ass cheeks pulled apart, it was easy for me to find her asshole and begin to push my finger in. She groaned louder and started to move her hips back and forth over my cock. Each time she moved back her clit pinned my hand against me at the same time that the finger went farther up her ass. The music was building up to a crescendo, and so were we. I started to thrust up as she moved.

"Oh, this is so good. I'm going to come. Come on, join me!" she said. And then she really started to move around and up and down. I felt my cum begin its journey - I fucked up into her and grabbed her ass to pull her closer and get myself deeper. I began to spray her insides with my cum and her whole body spasmed as she came.

Susan

I was really looking forward to John's getting home tonight. It was the start of our vacation. He had labored so hard on his work project I wanted to give him a special reward. I had talked to Rita on the phone yesterday and told her about what I wanted to do. She suggested a new recipe she had found, when she told me about it I knew it would be very nice is I asked her to give me all the details.

I left work a couple of hours early so I could do the necessary shopping and preparation. I wanted everything to be ready when he walked in the door. While the dinner was cooking I went to our bedroom and picked out one of my favorite dresses, one that I knew John also really liked. I decided to not wear anything else but it - I knew that would turn him on. It also made me tingle all over just thinking about it.

Everything went as I planned. We had a delightful dinner. As we were finishing John complemented me on the dinner and my dress. He also suggested that with the way I was dressed there might be more to come.

I told him, "Well, you never know what might happen, especially when there's no need to get up early the next day. Come on, finish eating so we can go relax on the couch. I bought a new CD today that I'm sure you'll like."

We soon had the table cleared and headed for the living room. John sat down on the couch and I put a new CD on the stereo. It was a new CD by Tangerine Dream and was the perfect music to cap off the evening. I started to dance in front of John, moving to the music. He watched me as I moved about. I felt really sexy in the dress, as I moved it would keep adjusting itself to my new posture - the fabric rubbed parts of me that really liked to be rubbed.

Soon we were dancing together. It felt really good to be in his arms as he held me close. The music was also working its magic and I started to seriously think it was time to make love. I nestled closer to him, he started to kiss my neck. I felt the zipper on my dress start to go down. I liked the look on his face when he discovered I was nude underneath. I started to remove his clothes and he was soon as naked as I.

When we started dancing again I felt his hard prick rub against my stomach. It felt really nice, it was kind of electric as the head touched my body. John lowered himself a little and I felt it rub against my labia. We didn't stop kissing as he worked his prick into me, just a little. I pushed my hips out to him to get some more in but John started to back away so only the head was in. I could see the couch behind him - I decided that I wanted to ride him and so I went along as we headed towards the couch, with his prick head still teasing my pussy. I was starting to get really turned on - I felt really wet.

Soon we were at the couch, John started to sit down and I followed. I kept my legs apart and sat down on him. He wasn't going to just keep teasing me with it anymore. I worked myself down on his prick slowly and in time to the music. It really felt so good. I kept listening to the music, it guided me in my actions. John put a hand on each of my breasts. My nipples were already hard, he teased then with his fingers. I flexed my pelvic muscles and really squeezed his prick. He groaned when I did this.

I started moving up and down on his prick, in time to the music. I'd squeeze it every time it was in. Happily the music's pace was picking up so I started to move faster. John put one of his hands down by my pussy and started to rub my clitoris. That really got to me. Then he put one of his fingers up to my mouth. I sucked it in and licked it all over. He took it out and I was soon rewarded with a finger teasing my anus. I groaned as he pushed it in. I could feel the finger rub his prick as I moved up and down. I started to want more of it. I rotated my hips up towards his stomach and then reversed direction. As my clitoris pushed against his hand my buttocks went backwards and the finger drove deeper into my rectum. The music was reaching a climax and I was ready too. John started thrusting up.

"Oh, this is so good. I'm going to come. Come on, join me!" I said. I started to really go wild, he joined in and I began my climax. I felt John grab me and pull me closer - he was about to climax. I felt his orgasm spray into me. It was really good.

Slowly we began our descent back to normal feelings. But I wasn't ready to call it a night.

"John, why don't you stay here while I get us some more of that wine?" I said as I lifted myself up off his softening prick. He nodded his agreement. I went to the kitchen and poured two glasses. When I got back to the living room he was still sitting on the couch. I sat next to him and we each drank some of our wine. We just sat together, cuddling and listened to more of the CD. It was really comfortable.

He reached around me and began to gently rub one of my breasts. I was glad that he did - not only did it feel good but it told me that he was beginning to think about some more lovemaking. I finished my wine and put the glass aside. I looked down at his prick, it was still pretty soft and I was ready to encourage it. I got off the couch and got on my knees between his legs. I held it in my hand and squeezed it gently.

"That feels nice. As long as you're down there, why don't you suck on it for awhile?" he said. I certainly didn't object to his suggestion, that was why I was there in the first place. I put my head closer and began to kiss the head. I licked the head and then stroked my tongue up and down its length. It had begun to grow. I put the whole thing in my mouth and teased it with my tongue.

"Your mouth feels so wet and warm. My cock just loves that feeling."

I felt his prick grow in my mouth. I began to move my head up and down on it. I kept licking my lips to keep them nice and wet. His prick responded favorably to all of this and was soon quite firm. It was time for me to receive some attention, my whole crotch was feeling quite hot and wet. I wanted his tongue in me. I stood up.

"It's my turn for some oral stimulation. Get on the floor with your back to the couch and your head resting on the seat. I'm going to get on the couch and let you eat me." His eyes glinted with a lustful look as he quickly followed my instructions.

I got on the couch with my knees on either side of his head and my arms resting on the back of the couch. I could see his head between my legs. This was turning me on - I was going to let him eat me but I was going to direct the action since I could move my body easily.

I lowered myself a little and felt his tongue lick at my labia. I groaned a little, I really needed some of this. I moved back a little and he began to lick at my clitoris. I began to move up and down, if his tongue stayed still it would lick my vagina and my clit and then back to my vagina. He understood this, his tongue became rigid so I could rub myself on it. I got into a nice rhythm of back and forth movement on his tongue - my whole pussy was getting his attention.

During one motion that began at my clitoris, I kept moving myself so that his tongue came to rest on my anus. He groaned as I pushed out and his tongue began to enter me. He worked it around and around, it felt really good. I reached down with one hand and began to rub my clitoris in time with his tongue. Soon I was really hot and wanted more.

I said to him, "Get up on the couch again. It's time for your prick to do some work." I lifted myself off of him and he quickly got into position. I turned around and looked at him. His eyes had that wonderful look of love and lust. I looked down at his prick - it was oozing lubricant. I lowered myself between his legs and licked the sides of his prick to get it nice and wet. I used my fingers to smear the lubricant all over the head. He shuddered when I did this, it was really sensitive. I got up and turned around so my back was to him and began to sit down. I reached between my legs, grabbed onto his prick, and guided it to my anus. I rubbed the slippery head on my anus and then began to lower myself at the same time that I pushed out. His prick-head began to enter my anus, suddenly it slipped past the sphincter and began to enter my rectum. I slowed down and only gradually let it move into me. It felt tight but good. Finally I was sitting on his lap - his prick was really in me! I began to move up and down on it.

"Why don't you reach under that pillow to your left. I think you'll find something we'll both enjoy." He reached over and pulled out our dildo.

"Well aren't you clever to have this here. Hold still for a minute. I'm going to slide this tool into your hot cunt."

I did as I was told. I looked down and watched as he positioned the dildo. I reached down and helped guide it to my pussy. I held my labia apart with one hand as the other guided the dildo into my vagina. As it began to enter me it felt really tight - his prick was all the way in my rectum as the dildo slowly entered me. After it was about halfway in he started to pull it back out. Then he began to move it in and out. Each time it went in it traveled a little further. I began to move up and down in time to the dildo strokes - I was alternating between being really filled up and feeling empty.

John reached around with his free hand and began to squeeze my right breast. He tweaked the nipple in his fingers and pulled on it. I began to move faster up and down and he increased the tempo of the dildo to match me.

"Push the dildo all the way in and keep it there," I gasped. He held it deep in me. I concentrated on the feeling of his prick sliding in and out of me. I felt on fire again. It was time for some soothing, fire-quenching cum. I bounced up and down on his prick, each time trying to get it deeper into my rectum. I flexed my muscles on it. My climax began just as he thrust up strongly. He was climaxing too! Both our bodies bounced and twisted as we simultaneously climaxed.

After what seemed like an eternity I regained some control over my mind and body. I could feel his prick softening. I reached down to the dildo and pushed it in and out a few times. He grunted as I did this - it must have given his prick a good massage. I took the dildo out and stood up.

"I'm headed for the shower and bed. See you there." I felt very relaxed and satisfied as the water washed over me. I heard John come into the bathroom. He opened the shower door and joined me. We washed each other's bodies and when we were finished, toweled each other dry. We soon were cuddling in bed.