 Chapter 1

You walked through the door of the theater, pausing to adjust to the dimness of the room. You stood there, I could almost feel your muscular thighs rippling through those just right jeans. Could see the curve of your firm taut ass. You stood there, just observing for a minute -- looking like a warrior ready to take on the room. Piercing eyes, and not a hint of a smile. Your shoulders straight, and arms hanging loosely at your side, one hand slowly dropping down and rubbing over that semi-hard bulging cock -- just watching the room. 

You stepped further into the room, now adjusted to the darkness, curiously gazing around, finally stopping and leaning one shoulder against the wall, hip thrust out a bit, your hand still touching your now stiffening member. I can see the anticipation building, both of us wondering how long it will take to generate some attention. 

The room was full, and eerily quiet for such a crowd. We started noticing that you are garnering attention from several clusters of men. You watching from your subtly menacing stance at the wall, and me, standing back attempting to blend in with other voyeurs.

You wore a simple black t-shirt, fitted tightly across the chest, the sleeves snug against your biceps. Not a body builder physique, but obviously very fit -- very hard bodied, with the appearance of a tightly coiled energy needing release. Not the run of the mill cum whore usually seen here, but someone nicely put together, a little grey showing some maturity, and a look that said you knew exactly what you wanted. The menacing appearance, shows a little roughness about you, but just enough to let them know that while you are here to be taken and used, you would always be in control and not afraid to make that known. 

You have been here a few times before, just kind of feeling out the action. Had some interesting experiences, fun, a little hot, but always very quick, and you always left still wanting, need and hungry for, more. This is our first visit together, and we have both fantasized about making it very different this time. 

I can tell that you have piqued interest, the minute you cockily walked through the door. You could almost smell your sex from across the room where I stood, back away from the door and off to the side. I can already hear some buzzing among the crowd. Who is this guy, and is he here to take or be taken? It's already seeming warm in here, and hopefully time for some action. 

I watch with amusement as three of the regular guys saunter up, looking like predators, pausing behind you. You don't move, but I can sense from your stance that you are aware they are there. You don't move, just continue leaning against the wall, you hand laying casually against your bulging crotch. I am eagerly anticipating how this will play out, this will set the tone for the rest of the night, and damn I want it to be hot. 

I slip my hand up under my skirt, already moist just from watching your casual, sensuous strut through the room, emulating an animalistic sensuality that can set my senses on fire just with thoughts of your naked body stretched out and begging to be used. 

All man, and before this night is over, I will have you and make you mine. But from the attention you are receiving, my turn may not be for a while and I am willing to wait. It will be well worth it to watch you in action, before owning that sweet ass for a little while. And I will own it. 

Your three admirers close in. The first, Damon, coming around in front of you and undoing his belt, removing his 9" thick cut cock and begins stroking it -- taking your hand and replacing his with yours, urging you to take over. You don't disappoint, and quickly drop to your knees, taking that cock, deep throat style, caressing his balls and stroking his shaft with each thrust. 

Chapter 2

As I try to get closer, I notice that there are a few more people standing around the area where I last saw you, on your knees with a big black cock buried down your throat. Now I can't see you at all through the group blocking my view. I attempt to push though, getting some glares and a few shitty comments, and then I see you. 

Either you or one of them has unleashed your belt, and your jeans are down around your feet. Your t-shirt is gone, I can't see where it got tossed, but can see your armband tattoo flexing as you continue milking his cock. Damon is in front of you, holding you by the shoulders to balance you. Your leopard thong is still on, but the string pulled tight across your ass, your pussy exposed and gaping. Just as I slide around to where I can see clearly, you are rammed from behind by a black Adonis with the thickest cock I have ever seen. If there was any foreplay that took place or any lube used, I missed it. His name is Lee, and evidently a crowd pleaser. As the crowd watches his cock plunder deep into you, I can hear you gasp, the crowd thinks from shock, but I know it's from pleasure. I can tell there are more people now than there was before, and they continue to move closer I have to get shitty a couple of times to stay close enough to see and hear everything, but have evidently got through to them -- that I am staying -- front and center. 

You are fucked savagely, this thick black cock breeding you like a stallion. Long, deep thrust, so powerful that it's making it hard for the stud holing your shoulders t maintain his balance. Several in the crowd are now stroking themselves, and I can hear comments about that fine tight pussy needing more cock. Oh, baby, I agree with them. I watch your face, your eyes are closed, and I see that familiar look on your face-- the one telling me that all is good, and that you are ravenous for cock. That's all I need to see, and shove my hand back up under my skirt, rip my panties aside and slip two fingers inside my hole, while my thump hits a rhythm on my clit. Seconds and my hand is drenched, sticky, wet and seeping. 

By now there are several standing behind you. Their cocks released and in their hands, already stiffening as they watch the Adonis. He is close to coming. I can see his ass and leg muscles taut, his hands digging into your ass as he hits his final thrust, pulls out and shoots a hot pulsating load of cum all over your ass. He is holding on, trying to regain his balance when he is moved aside and the next one, Brandon, takes his place. He's not as thick, but his fucking cock must be 10" long and he is already rock hard and wanting his time with this white boy cum hole. He moves in and plunges deep. I'm not even sure you are aware there has been a change of players. You just know that you are being stretched and filled, and loving it. As am I. 

Damon, still holding your shoulders is getting excited again, watching the action and wants serviced again. His workout shorts drop to the floor and his cock springs free. He releases his hold on you and forces his cock into that hot sweet mouth. You take him greedily, the head of his cock hitting the back of the throat with such force that it rocks you back. Which just drives the crowd wild, and the guy fucking you to lose control and explode his hot load deep in the pussy. I can feel streams running down my leg, I want in!!! But I need to hold back a while longer. I can see there is still a lot of fucking to do, and I have a finale planned that I think this crowd is going to talk about for weeks. The fantasy we have talked about and wanted is exceeding anything we could have imagined. 

Chapter 3

I move closer, so I have a better view of what is happening. I need to be close enough to see every assault, every touch, every sound. The pure rapture on your face memorizes me. It always does. I know what you are feeling, thinking, needing. I know what they are wanting, craving. 

I know every inch of your sensuous physique. My hands have gently touched and massaged you from your strong muscular neck and shoulders to your feet and toes. My fingers have traced gentle patters of delight across that sexy tan line. They have held your cock during moments of intense and erotic sexual adventures. My fingers have left butterfly touches on your protruding man pussy lips, teasing them to orgasm again and again, and then moving inside, one finger at a time until my entire hand has stretched you taut. My lips have kissed your neck, suckled your nipples, rimmed that tan outline with soft wet licks until you are moaning and straining for more -- knowing exactly what you want, what you need, what you crave. Commanding you to your knees, you ass propped up and needing me behind you, my mouth slowly moving closer, the smell of you intoxicating. And knowing that the taste of you will push up both over the edge as I take you into my mouth, chewing on those pussy lips with the intensity that I know you love, softly at first, then more savagely as my tongue slips inside. My entire mouth feasting on your man pussy. 

I know, because we planned this night together, many times, as we lay in bed, sated from either, a solo evening of watching porn and sharing pleasure, or from those special nights when the doorbell rings, and we are joined by anonymous seekers of desire. Tonight we are looking for something a little different, a little more deviant than before. We planned it this way, to enter separately, me casually waiting for you to enter, knowing the interest you would generate the second you sauntered into the room, your rippling muscles and your sensuality generating hot stares, and stiffening cocks. 

We planned this, to stay apart, for me to watch from afar, until my arousal becomes so extreme that I can no longer hold back. Until you have been used, taken, assaulted. Your full smooth ass bent over for all to see as a line of horny hung men wait to pleasure you. I love that line -- that line of hard cocks eager to take you, not knowing or caring about the gift they are to receive, just wanting to be inside this tight cum hole, taking their own pleasure and not caring about yours. 

Chapter 4

I take a quick glance around the crown and notice that several are sneaking pictures with their phones and am instantly chagrined that I didn't think of trying to get this on video. The thought of us laying back later and watching the replay is intoxicating, but laughing to myself, I also know that I wouldn't be able to focus on filming. Never can, getting too wrapped up in the action and itching for my turn. 

You are still bent over, cum glistening all over your ass, and while I am not close enough to see, I can visualize your pussy already seeping from the powerful cum load you just received. You are still sucking and licking cock, taking all cummers as they step in front of you. Not knowing who, or how many. 

I watch as the next one steps up behind you. He's a little older than the other two, white, has the look of ex-military. Hard chiseled physique, shorter hair, a little grey at the temples, piercing eyes and beautiful tattooed forearms. He doesn't just step up behind you, he stalks, like a predator. He has broad shoulders and chest, tight flat belly, tapering to a narrow waist, his cock is ramrod stiff and standing at attention. He takes position, and through the hum of the crowd, I know they are anticipating him taking you with a vengeance. I am watching closely, a little nervous with this one. His demeanor is a little more intense, his stance indicating that he means business. I hold my breath as he removes his hand from his throbbing cock and reaches for you. He leans forward with both hands and grabs the soft, cum covered pillows of your ass, massaging and kneading. I can hear you moaning an see you arch your back, rotating your hips to show your pleasure. Your sounds and movements are arousing him. I can see his cock rise, jerking and throbbing, and my anticipation builds. 

His hands continue to stroke your ass, then with his huge hands, he gently spreads you apart, opening you wide and plunges his fist into your gaping pussy. The crown gasp with disbelief, you tense for a moment from the unexpected intrusion then I can see your eyes roll back as you pull away from the cock in your mouth, unable to think of anything other than the sweet violation of his fist stretching you beyond anything you have felt before. He pulls his arm back, holding you open with the broad span of his closed fist, just holding it there, as much for your pleasure as his, then deeply plunges back inside, pumping you, both with a unique tenderness, and a savage roughness at the same time. He's done this before. He knows exactly how to ravage the pussy, taking you to the edge with each vigorous punch, somehow knowing exactly where the pain becomes excruciating intense pleasure. You are gone, in that somewhere place, that has all your senses peaking at a level of ecstasy that drives the craving. I stand there in awe, both at his skill, but also, as always at your tenacious appetite and desire. Wetness is dripping from my pussy again, as I watch him make a final punch and slowly release. 

Chapter 5

I am holding my breath to see what he does next. The group crowded around has gone silent. I'm sure many of them have just witnessed something they have never seen before, and are both awed and amazed at both your stamina as well as your obvious craving for yet more. 

He steps away, and I stand there wondering, "what the hell". He never even got off, just pleasured you and moved off to the side. I have to know -- was he not pleased, didn't enjoy, had no desire or urge to complete his attack on you and enjoy his own sweet release? I walk over to him and ask -- his response still has me smiling. He said, "Baby, that is the tightest, sweetest pussy I have ever had the pleasure of taking, and I am in no way finished with that bitch. But the truth is he had such a grip on my hand that I thought he was going to break it, and I need a few minutes to get ready for another go at him. Right now he has my cock throbbing so fucking hard I can barely walk and the thought of pummeling that pussy has me about weak with need." I stand there with a stupid look of pride -- like the woman of an amazing hero that has just saved the world. Oh this is an amazing night. Exceeding all fantasies we have talked about. The spontaneity and anonymity only increasing the desire for more. 

I look over and your ass is convulsing with those aftershocks of pleasure, your head has dropped down and you look completely spent. The crowd is just standing around, talking among themselves, sure that the show is over, and that you have had all you can take. I know better. I slip the chiseled soldier a spray can and ask him to take it to you. He takes it, his hand still slick with your juices, and pulls another from his pocket, taking them both over to you and whispering something in your ear. Not sure what he said, but you grab the can, pop back u on your knees and say loud enough for those close to hear, "fuck this pussy, take it - use it. Please breed me, fill me with your seed, I want to have this pussy full of cum, until it can't hold anymore. Make me your slut." 

And he does, he grabs your ass, rubs his cock up against you, the huge head teasing against your cum hole -- both hands grasp your hips and he buries his thick hard cock into that man-pussy and fucks like a machine. Hard, deep thrust, pulling almost completely out each time, then driving balls deep inside. Over and over again, faster and harder. I can hear your pussy, sloppy and wet, can hear the sound of his groin sapping up against your ass. He is merciless -- earlier concerned with your pleasure, now only taking his own. 

His tight ass muscles constrict with each thrust ,his thick thighs struggle t hold him steady as he pouonds with a vicious savage intensity, and then -- his head falls back, his eyes close and he gives one final forceful plunge and he yells out, "Oh, yes, fucking yes. Bitch take my cum." And he lows -- filling you with his steamy hot steamy seed. His body rocking with each huge spurt. He pulls out and drops his still huge, heavy cock on your ass, still convulsing as his final cum shots squirt all over you. 

You collapse on the floor, covered in cum, your ass still glistening with the residue, and quivering with a volcanic eruption of your own release. 

Chapter 6

I'm beginning to feel a little concern. You look wiped out, the crowd is getting a little frenzied, the smell of sex has permeated the areas, that heady, intoxicating smell of you that I so love. I see a couple in the crown engaged in their own party -- she is bent over at the waist, her dress pulled up, no panties on. She has her mouth full of cock, taking it deep and has released her breast and using one hand to finger her extended nipple. He man is behind her, his dick buried in her pussy, giving her everything he has. It's turning into a fuck-fest. Everyone needing some release. I'm almost relieved that some of the attention and focus has shifted. I feel so protective of you, always needing to make sure you are ok, used but not bruised, sated but not harmed. 

You have been repeatedly and savagely fucked, fisted and sucked and swallowed loads of cum for over an hour. Taking everything forced n you with extreme passion and gusto. And I know you would take more. 

But I have a plan to complete, and am determined to give you a night you will never forget The thrill of having them here to watch only intensifies my excitement. I've befriended Max, the ex-military fister, and slip something into his hand. He steps over in front of you and slips the blindfold over your head, making sure that your eyes are covered completely. You raise your head, questioning -- WTF, we never talking about this. 

You can't see anything, but soon feel hands touching and massaging your ass Slipping a finger across your hole and playing gently, flickering in and out quickly gauging your wetness, your tender swollen lips savoring the softer touches. It isn't me. I move around in front of you and get on my knees -- thrusting my soppy wet pussy up to your mouth. I grab your head and force your mouth onto my screaming needy mound, and you take me greedily. Suckling and biting and pulling on my engorged lips, your tongue using deep inside of me. The crowd is pushing forward and yelling. I am looking up, watching you. She is completely naked, her breast free and already covered in a sheen of sweat, her nipples hard, the nipple clamps sending waves of that pain/pleasure through her. Her hips are a little thick, but her cock is huge and her scrotum hangs heavily between her legs. Her lips are painted a dark red, her eyes heavily made-up and we look at each other and smile. Knowing that this was part of the plan all night, and both of us highly anticipating your reaction as well as that of our spectators. 

You continue eating my pussy, my hands clasped around your head refusing to let you go, her hands pulling you apart and you greedily take her cock deep inside you. Our fan club goes wild. Oh god, I am so ready for this, so excited. I release my hold on your head and back away, your blindfold still preventing you from seeing what is happening around you. 

I slip on my strap-on and two of our new friends position the mirrors. One in front of you and one to the side. I move over behind her, and Max removes your blindfold. You see our TS friend her cock pummeling you with everything she has. Hips thrusting as she fucks you, mine pushing against her and letting my cock sink deeply into her over and over again. My hips rolling against her ass -- my legs creeping up and climbing atop her so I am assured that she gets every inch. But my eyes are on you. You can see every move with the position of the mirrors. You can see her fucking you, me fucking her, the two of us both riding man-pussy. Yours and hers. You are mesmerized by the images in the mirror, watching the three of us, attached by cock. 
