 Major Johnson woke up and stretched and looked around the bedroom. It was familiar and unfamiliar at the same time. He was up at the cabin, when he claimed to be on an inspection trip. It was all part of his elaborate plan to surprise Jennifer with a weekend away to celebrate their first anniversary. She knew that they were going to the SA Arts Gala but she did not know that they would be spending the weekend away. Jennifer's mother was in on the ruse by sending emails asking for anniversary details. She did this at Chip's request. This was beginning to wear on his wife, but he thought that she would enjoy the surprise. But he was bracing for the inevitable backlash if his plan failed. 

He would show up Friday in a chauffeured limo and it would take them to the SA Arts foundation Gala. The Gala was at the Rio Rancho resort and they would spend the rest of the weekend together. He had thought to use the cabin but Jennifer needed to be catered to for the weekend. The cost would be the same if he had hired people to work at the cabin. He had a few more details to work out and then the plan would be put in motion. 

He sent Jennifer a text "still on schedule will be home today in plenty of time." He sent a photo of a formation of cadets to add to the subterfuge. I just hope that I don't get attacked in the back of the limo. He looked over bags from the department store and started to pack the suitcase that he brought. The bags contained a set of clothes for Jennifer and him. It included a new pair of running shoes that he noticed that she had been admiring. There was also a very revealing swimsuit. He remembered the looks that he got from the sales help at the store. Chip reveled in the planning and the execution of his scheme. 

On the JBSA shooting range

Jennifer listened patiently to the instructor and followed her instructions. "Ma'am take aim and squeeze the trigger once."

The gun fired, she was not unfamiliar with shooting guns but the recoil did surprise her a little. "Again ma'am," said the Sargent.

The gun fired again. The instructor had only put two rounds in the gun and Jennifer put the gun on the counter. The Sargent hit a switch to bring the target to them so they could see the results. 

"Not bad Major Connolly you're in the center, your target is stopped," said the Sargent.

"You mean the target is dead, Sargent," replied Jennifer. 

"Yes Ma'am," said the Sargent.

The instructor placed tape on the two holes and hit the button to send the target back to is position and took the pistol and pulled the empty ammo clip out and replaced it with a full clip of fifteen rounds. She handed the weapon to Jennifer and again directed her to make the weapon ready to fire; then to take the shooting position and when ready, fire and continue firing until the pistol was empty.

Jennifer steadied the gun on the target and began to squeeze the trigger and repeated until the gun was empty. The Sargent hit the button and the target moved toward them and the two women looked at the results. "Major your kind of all over the map, you need to steady your aim between shots, but if the guy is coming at you he is not feeling well right now. A little more practice and you should get all your shots in the center of the target," said the Sargent.

"I will get a picture of my husband that will make me concentrate better," said Jennifer.

"Excuse me ma'am?"

"It is a joke Sargent."

Jennifer shot three more clips concentrating on aiming between the shots. The third target showed real improvement with all the shots generally in the center of the target. "Well Sargent I think I have had my fun for the day; do you need me to help clean up?"

"I will take care of it ma'am thank you for offering," said the Sargent.

Jennifer walked out of the range leaving the pistol on the counter so the Sargent could check it in to the armory. 

Her phone started to buzz; she picked it up and read the text there were two messages one from Chip saying that he would be on time and another from Corporal Grace stating that she would arrive at the Major's home at 15:30. 

Jennifer heard that one of the clerks in her office was a licensed cosmetician and for a small fee she agreed to come over to help Jennifer get dressed for the gala. Even though she arranged to take the day off she went by the office to see if things were going well. She was in her office checking email when Colonel Barns' assistant called and asked her to meet with the Colonel. Jennifer came over to the Colonel's office and was shown in. 

"Sit down Major, I thought you were taking off today?"

"Yes ma'am but I took a lesson at the shooting range and I thought I would come in and check up on my email and make sure there wasn't some crises in the office. I was about to leave when you wanted to meet with me," responded Jennifer.

"So you have met with Capt. Brice and the staff, and your comfortable with the new duties," asked the Colonel.

"I studied the cases on Sunday and met with Capt. Brice and the staff Monday," said Jennifer.

"Good, I really hope that you can light a fire under that group I want some of those cases cleared and off our books. Don't do anything unethical but get some of those old cases brought to an end Major."

Jennifer was taken aback by the Colonel's comments and told her that she would put the spurs to her group to clear the older cases. Jennifer stood and walked out of the office. She went back her office and started going through the cases and noticed that that there were a group of cases that were two years old that showed no progress. She sent out a meeting invitation to her staff and told them to be prepared to discuss cases that are older than one year. 

She left the office and headed home to wait for Corporal Grace. On the way home she got madder and madder that Chip was out of town. She did receive the text saying that he would be home in time, but she resolved to give him a piece of her mind over the incident.

The Corporal was waiting for her when she entered the townhouse project and she parked her car in the garage and opened the front door for the Corporal who came in with two cases of equipment and supplies. The two women went upstairs and Jennifer took her uniform off and took a shower. Corporal Grace started to layout her tools and supplies, in the bedroom and brought a chair from the dinning area for Jennifer to sit on. 

Jennifer's dress was in a plastic clothes carrier that was lying on the bed. Next to the dress was a shoebox with some new shoes. They were beautiful but even Jennifer could not under stand the $350.00 price, but they looked so good with the dress.

Jennifer emerged from the bathroom dressed in a bathrobe in her right hand was her phone. The Corporal went in to the bathroom and brought several towels and used them to cover the chair. "Have a seat Major."

Jennifer sat down and the corporal began to comb out her hair. Jennifer kept her hair short barely touching her shoulders. The Corporal trimmed Jennifer's hair here and there. She referred to a magazine showing a series of high fashion styles and had selected one that fit Jennifer's hair length and head shape. She spent a great amount of time shaping Jennifer's hair. She applied styling gel and hairspray to get Jennifer's hair to do what she wanted. 

The corporal stepped back and using her cell phone camera she took a picture of Jennifer from behind and two profiles one from each side to allow Jennifer to see the hairstyle. Jennifer gave her approval.

The Corporal came around and helped Jennifer out of the robe. This would allow her to apply the makeup all the way to Jennifer's breasts. She applied a moisturizer, followed by foundation. After waiting a few minutes for the foundation to set she started on the cheeks and eyes. She inspected the Corporal's work and started to wonder if it was her looking back at her in the mirror. Jennifer walked over to the dresser and took the small bottle of a special perfume and using stopper as an applicator and put the scent behind her ears and on her wrists.

The Corporal took the dress out of the carrier. It was a long black dress with a scoop neck and a beaded bodice that ended at her breasts. Jennifer got a pair of hose out of the drawer and let the Corporal help her put them on followed by underwear and finally the dress. The dress had a slight homage to 1920's flapper chic. Next to the dress was a box that contained a headpiece and a string of fake pearls. Also in the box was a pair of emerald earrings that her father had given to her mother. The Corporal assisted Jennifer in applying the headpiece and draped the pearls around her neck. Jennifer went to the mirror and put the earrings on and checked the look. Searching in her jewelry box she found one of her Oak Leaves and pinned it to the dress. 

At about the same time Jennifer was getting dressed, Major Johnson was checking them in to the Rio Rancho resort. He went to the room and after he showered he put on the formal Uniform. He waited in the lobby for the limo to arrive to take him back to the townhouse to pick up Jennifer. A bronze 1962 Lincoln Continental with rear suicide doors pulled up and the driver got out and held the door for the Major. He got in and the driver took off for the townhouse. Major Johnson pulled his phone out and texted Jennifer "About a half hour away from home see you soon."

Chip used the ride home to contemplate Jennifer's reaction to the surprise. She has stated over and over that she hated surprises. Major Johnson was an incurable romantic. He fell in love with Jennifer Connolly from the first time they were together. So Chip was ready for whatever awaited him. In his hand was a box with two pearl earrings and a long string of grey pearls. He hopped that the present would buffer her feelings of abandonment.

Corporal Grace gathered all of the soiled linens and put them in the laundry room. She got the vacuum and vacuumed the bedroom. Jennifer went to her purse and pulled a one hundred dollar bill and handed it to the corporal. "Thank you, you did a great job," said Jennifer 

When they pulled into the development there was a car parked in front of their town home. The limo pulled up behind the parked car. Chip got out and approached the front door. Just as he was to open the door it opened and he came face to face with Corporal Grace. The Corporal snapped to attention was about to drop her cases to salute when the Major told her to be at ease. Grace excused herself and walked out to her car and left. 

"Major Connolly I have returned just like I said."

"You can use the Office to dress, Chip."

"I am already dressed Jennifer, I have a limo outside waiting for us, are you ready?" asked Chip.

He heard the door open and waited for her to come down the stairs. He first saw her legs and then the rest of his wife. He was stunned by how beautiful she looked. The dress was perfect. 

"You will outshine all the other women at the gala Jennifer," said Chip. 

Chip approached the stair and took her hand and guided her to the main floor. 

"As much as I would love to kiss you it will ruin my makeup, but after I kiss you I would box your ears," she responded.

"Major Connolly I will explain everything in the car; here is my first peace offering,"

Chip pulled a small box from his inside coat pocket and handed it Jennifer. She opened the box and found a sixteen-inch string of four millimeter grey pearls with matching earrings. She put the box down on a table and turned around and chip assisted in removing the fake pearls and fastening the new set. 

"I's going to keep the emerald earrings on, but I will use those some other time. Thank you, darling. But I am still trying to decide if you are still in the doghouse, for leaving me adrift," said Jennifer as she admired the new necklace in the mirror. 

Chip held the door for her and she stepped outside. The driver was standing next to the car holding the door. Chip assisted Jennifer into the car and when they were set he closed the door and in the dark cabin Chip lightly kissed his wife. There was a small box on the floor between them and Chip opened the box and pulled a half bottle of champagne. He quickly opened the wine and handed a glass to Jennifer and divided the wine between her glass and his.

"Major Jennifer Connolly-Johnson would you do me the honor of being my wife for another year, Happy Anniversary darling," said Chip. 

For once Jennifer did not have a snappy retort; she looked at the lines of bubbles rising from the bottom of the glass. The major sat back in the seat feeling that he had just made the third out with the bases loaded.

"Chip, this is the most romantic I have felt in a while. If you can put up with the bitch when she comes out of the shadows I think that we will have the basis for a good marriage."

Jennifer moved her free hand down to Chip's crotch and patted the area around his cock. "Just checking to see if it is still interested," said Jennifer.

In the traffic it took almost an hour to get from their townhouse to the Rio Rancho resort. Jennifer looked around the car and pecked Chip on the cheek. "I love the ride in this car, darling. It is very romantic," said Jennifer.

The car pulled into the entrance and the doors opened and Chip assisted Jennifer out of the car. They walked into the hotel and followed the lines to the registration table. There were several photographers snapping candid photos of the participants. Since Chip registered earlier they bypassed the line and went into the reception. 

In the reception room there were five bars dispensing various brands of Gin, Vodka and sparkling wine. Chip and Jennifer walked up to a bar and were served two martinis. "I will need you to control my intake darling," said Jennifer. 

"I only have a few tickets so we are covered," replied Chip.

More people filtered into the reception and since San Antonio is heavily military there were several people like chip in formal uniform. Jennifer was drawn to two women in formal uniforms. The turned around and Jennifer recognized her former boss in the intelligence group and her current boss in the Jag Office. The two women walked arm in arm toward Jennifer and Chip, who braced to attention in the presence of the two superior officers. 

"Relax Major we are off duty, you must be Major Johnson that my new star goes on about all the time," said Colonel Barns.

"Jennifer you look fabulous in that dress," said Colonel Darr.


The two Colonels leaned in and kissed each other and moved off to sample another drink. 

"Now I have seen everything. I think I need another drink," said Jennifer.

Chip restrained her and they walked around the assembled collection of paintings that were up for auction. They paused in front of one canvas that showed bodies intertwined. "Someone has an erotic mind," said Chip.

"You mean dirty mind, darling," said Jennifer.

A waiter came by and they each picked up a glass of sparkling wine. They each finished the glass and found another waiter and retrieved two more drinks. "We are being driven home, darling?" asked Jennifer.

"No we are walking to our suite, we are spending the weekend," replied the Major as he picked up a hors d'oeuvres from a waiter passing by.

Chip leaned into his wife and whispered; "I want to make love to you over and over and over again, darling. When this weekend is over my cock is going to be a shriveled mess."

"Promise!" was Jennifer's only response.

They looked at each other and kissed. The two Colonels walked up to them again and asked if Jennifer could be spared a few moments. "You all out rank me," said Chip.

The three women walked over to a corner-leaving Chip by himself. He continued to walk around the art and sampled more of the sparkling wine. Chip looked around and didn't see Jennifer or the Colonels. The trio had taken refuge in the lady's lounge. 

"In case you haven't noticed Jaclyn and I are deeply in love, our previous marriages fell apart and we found each other I was wondering if you would be my best woman at our upcoming marriage?" said Colonel Darr.

"Major Connolly, I have been following your path through the Army and when you first came to JBSA I was shocked that you went into the intelligence group. In fact I had to give Denise several draft choices when you went to work for me. We both expect great things from you," said Colonel Barns.

"Thank you for the complements and yes I will act as your best Lady," said Jennifer.

The two colonels embraced and kissed a long slow kiss, and then they kissed Jennifer. 

"Chip will be jealous, I told him that he could not kiss me because of my makeup," said Jennifer.

Jennifer was carrying a gold colored clutch purse that suddenly vibrated. She opened her purse and pickup her phone Office was displaying on the screen. She touched answer and brought the phone to her ear. "Major Connolly it is Capt. Albright the MPs were called to base housing and found a woman that was beaten up. They arrested the man she was with."

"Albright I am out of town at a conference with Colonel Barns I can't get back, can you get someone to interview the victim and the accused?" said Jennifer.

"Ma'am Capt. Brice use to do all of the interview on incidents like this," said Albright.

"Capt. Albright I looked at your record you graduated from a good Law school I think that you can interview the victim or the accused. Make some calls and find someone to help you with the interviews. In case you haven't figured it out I am not Capt. Brice. I trust my people. I will read the report on Monday." Jennifer touched the "Hang-up icon" to end the conversation. 

"MP's were called to base housing it looks like we have a new case of domestic abuse," said Jennifer to the Colonels.

"I overheard the conversation, I think that I have the right person leading that group. Brice could not delegate to those working for him. Major Connolly you need to find that lovely husband of yours," said Colonel Barns. 

The three women exited the ladies lounge and Jennifer went to look for Chip. She found him at one of the bars and allowed him to get her a martini. "Did you solve the problems of the world?" asked Chip.

"No they asked me to be Colonel Darr's best lady when the two Colonels get married. My mind is exploding right now," said Jennifer. 

The organizers announced that dinner was served and the crowd made its way into the dinning room. Chip found the table that he and Jennifer were assigned. A waiter held Jennifer's chair as she sat down. On the table were two glasses one of white one of red wine, a salad of mixed greens. The centerpiece on the table was three miniature paintings by the artists that were on display in the reception room.

"I noticed an oak leaf on your dress is that the rank of your husband?" ask a somewhat older woman next to her.

"Yes ma'am this is my husband, but I am also a Major in the Army JAG Corp," responded Jennifer. 

"It is nice to meet you Major, I'm Doris Peterson, I am a partner in Peterson and Harget, Is your husband an attorney also?"

"No ma'am he helps train young men and women to be come warriors," replied Jennifer.

Peterson reached for her purse and pulled out a business card and handed it to Jennifer. "My firm does some defense work with members of the military. You and I should have lunch sometime if you don't mind meeting with the enemy."

"It would be a pleasure, ma'am," said Jennifer. She slipped the card into her purse making a mental note to ask Colonel Barnes if she knows Doris Peterson.

Jennifer finished all of the salad that she could stand and dropped both hands to her lap. Accept her left hand decided to play with Chip's crotch and she leaned over and whispered some of the things that she was prepared to do when they got in their suite. Chip leaned over and kissed his wife. "Happy Anniversary, darling."
