 The Majors' relationship continued through the fall. It usually meant that Jennifer met the Major on Saturday morning after he had run with the college's ROTC unit. She would spend the weekend with Johnson; accept during those times she was at her reserve training. Each of them were fine with the situation.

Law school was going well and she was asked to write an article on the UCMJ for the school's law review. She was in her dorm room in the afternoon when another of the major's famous texts showed up on her phone. This time it was just a picture of the Major dressed in his BDUs "Can you get in a uniform and meet me in MIL. 102 in about an hour."

She texted acceptance and pulled the uniform that she uses during the reserve weekend. She checked herself in full-length mirror mounted on the door and adjusted the beret and her hair. She wanted to look as professional as possible. She found the Military Science Building and it was strange that she had to return salutes from so many people. She rarely wore her uniform on campus, so it was a new experience. She found Rm 102, and walked in.

Someone called "Attention" and several students rose and stood at attention. "Everyone but Meyers and Walton can sit," said the major.

Several of the group sat and the two cadets that the major called out stood at ease. "Gentlemen I don't believe I gave you permission to stand at ease," said the major. The two cadets assumed the attention position. The major pointed to a chair and asked Jennifer to sit. 

The major stood and explained whom Major Connolly was "She is the leader of the headquarters group of the 1157th located at the reserve center. She is also pursuing a law degree at the university. She and I served in the 10th and served together in Afghanistan. I asked her here to offer legal advice, if needed. Sgt. Richards Please tell everyone what you told me."

An African-America NCO stood and said; "I was walking though the dorm after returning from a date; I was heading to my room when I observed the cadet lieutenant and cadet sergeant knock on two cadets dorm rooms. They verbally abuse the cadets and chased them outside at 24:00. I saw them start to force the cadets to perform exercises in the yard while verbally abusing the cadets. It was at that point that I intervened and dismissed the cadets to their rooms. I brought the incident to your attention this morning." 

The major looked at the two cadets that were standing and paused. He finally spoke, "Cadets do you remember that oath that you took when you joined this unit? It has three parts one about cheating, one about lying and one about theft. I am going to ask you one question, and please remember your oath, were you directed by any of the staff to roust two cadets out in the middle of the night and force them to do PT?

"No Sir" was the reply.

"Then what justified the activity, you are leaders not bullies."

"Sir, the two cadets were not performing up to standard and I thought some extra PT would get their mind right," said Meyers. 

"Yes possibly extra PT would be in order, but not accompanied by verbal abuse and at midnight. This could have become a hazing incident you two could have been suspended from school. It also could have brought an investigation from headquarters." responded the major.

There was silence in the room.

"Cadet Meyer to your knowledge have any other unit leaders initiated late night maneuvers with members of their units, outside of normal training, and remember your oath?" said the Major.

"No sir" was the response.

"So you two guys got some idea left over from summer camp and thought you would copy that in an attempt to get these two cadets to perform up to standard? Until Further notice Myers you are reduced to Cadet Corporal and Transferred to B Company. Walton you are also reduced to Cadet Corporal and transferred to A Company. You to are dismissed," said Roberts. 

The two cadets walked out of the room. "Sergeant I want you to lead C Company until we can find two people to promote. Post a notice that there will be an all unit assembly tomorrow after dinner. The only people excused will be students with night classes. I am going to nip this problem in the bud as they say."

The Sergeant and the other Cadets who witnessed the session left the room leaving the Johnson and Jennifer. 

"What did you need me for you seemed to handle that with out any advise from me," said Jennifer. 

"Your presents added an air of legitimacy, also I wanted an outside observer," said Major Johnson.

"I am hardly an outside observer since you have been inside of me so many, many times," said Jennifer with a slight laugh. 

"Let's get something to eat," said the Major.

"I don't believe that you and I have both been in uniform at the same time, I found it weird that I had to return all the salutes when I walked in here," said Jennifer.

The pair walked across campus toward the campus' hotel where the Faculty club was located. They were taken to a table and presented with menus and a wine list. A younger man dressed in black pants and white shirt with a black apron tied around his waist, approached the table and recognized Jennifer. 

"Could I interest you in a bottle of wine?"

"Ok Bill what is the deal I thought that you were working at a downtown law firm?" asked Jennifer.

The law firm gig is only two days a week. I work here on weeknights I have an interest in food and beverage so this is a good place to practice," 

"What kind of pink sparklers do you have?" asked Major Johnson.

We have a good one made by Mumm Napa," responded Bill.

"We will start with that and then decide on other wines later," said Major Johnson.

Bill withdrew and Johnson looked into Jennifer's eyes. 

"I don't know if I have ever seen you in Uniform since we served together," said Johnson.

"I only bring this out for reserve weekend. I will have a lot of time in the office uniform when I start working for JAG," said Jennifer.

Bill returned with an ice bucket and a bottle of the wine. He poured two glasses and stuck the bottle in the bucket and left. "What are we celebrating, Major?"

"Me seeing you in uniform. No I just thought it would be a good way to start dinner," said Johnson.

"And what are we doing after dinner, Major?"

"I plan on walking you back to your residence and kissing you good night, because I know your schedule," said Johnson.

"Hey maybe I don't want to be put away like an old coat," said Jennifer.

"Sorry darling but I will pull rank. I know you have some studying to do."

"I doubt that I will get a lot of reading done after we split this bottle," said Jennifer.

The waiter arrived and they ordered; they consumed the sparkling wine and did not order anymore. The meal arrived and they ate each sampling what the other ordered. The carbonation hit Jennifer and she grew drowsy on the way back to the housing area. They stopped outside of the door to Jennifer's dorm and kissed. They parted and Jennifer watched the Major walk over to his apartment. "Well at least I got a free meal out of the deal," she said to herself. She turned and swiped her card in the reader and walked inside. 

She woke up at the usual time Friday morning. It had been two days since the little hearing and she was present when the Major gave his talk to the Cadets about hazing. She left the assembly before it was over. 

After she did her bathroom routine she returned to her room and checked the Formal Dress uniform that she rented for the Reserve unit Fall Formal. The Major would collect her at 17:00 today to attend. Jennifer slipped in to the Major's apartment yesterday while he was away to check on his formal and was pleased that it looked good 

She packed a change of clothes in her pack along with her computer. This was a study day, as she didn't have any classes on Friday. She had a paper due in her Intellectual Property class and she was about to finish the Law Review article on the Modern Use of the UCMJ. It promised to be a day of following rat holes and rabbit trails.

At lunch she met her friend Barbara and caught up on gossip. Barbara was going down to the Corpus Christi Naval Air Station for three days to observe Navy JAG. She said that she would report back when she returned. Jennifer returned to the library and checked her email and found another message from her mother wondering if she would be coming home for either Thanksgiving or Christmas. She wrote a quick reply saying that she would let her know this weekend. 

She continued her research and writing until about 15:30 when she packed up and went back to her room. She grabbed the hanger with the formal uniform. She headed to the Major's apartment and slipped inside; with the key that the Major had given to her. He was still in his office and she decided to shower to remove the library funk. It was nice showering alone. As she was drying off she heard the door open. She peeked around the bathroom door wrapped in a towel, and saw the major coming in. She waited until he closed the door and then walked into the living room. 

He embraced her and they kissed. "You smell good," said the Major.

"I was in musty old library stacks all day and wanted to smell better for my fella," Jennifer said. 

The Major took her over to the couch and opened her legs. He brought his lips to her pussy and began to kiss her outer lips. "Now your going to make me shower again, but keep doing it," said Jennifer. 

The Major came up and kissed her and whispered in her ear, "Get dressed so we won't be late."

Jennifer went to the second bedroom and started dressing. She finished and was in the living room when the Major came out dressed in his formal.

"Did you bring a change of clothes as I got us a hotel room for the evening?" said the Major.

Jennifer pointed to a plastic bag with clothes, the major put her kit in the duffel bag with his clothing. They walked to his car.

"Don't we look like two swells in this get-up," said Jennifer.

"I believe that it was your idea," responded the Major. 

They got in the Major's car and he drove to the large hotel downtown. The Major surrendered the key to his car to the valet and they both walked into the lobby. Jennifer waited in the lobby bar while the Major registered them in the hotel. He took their spare clothing up to the room.

"I will have the driest martini you can make," said Jennifer when the waiter arrived. The Major returned and ordered a scotch on the rocks. The drinks arrived and they watched the people arriving for various functions. 

"Major, I think you will be taking advantage of me after this dinner," said Jennifer. 

"I would love to major," said Johnson.

The waiter reappeared and took their second round of drink orders.

"Can we talk seriously?" asked Jennifer.

"What do you want to talk about?"

"What are your plans for Thanksgiving and Christmas, my mother has emailed me several times this week asking for my plans," said Jennifer.

"Do I want to meet your mother?" 

"Well she doesn't have a horn growing out of her forehead," said Jennifer. 

"I'm sure she doesn't I'm sorry, I was hoping to go skiing, I haven't been for a while and I got us two tickets for thanksgiving," said the Major.

"I accept, I will write mother and say that we are coming for a few days at Christmas."

The Major knew that he had been out maneuvered and agreed to visiting her mother. 

"Mom will love you," said Jennifer with a little laugh and finished her second martini. 

"Have you had a bad day that you are hitting the gin?"

"No I am celebrating that I finished my papers and will not need to work this weekend. If you and I are here overnight who will take the battalion on the Saturday run?"

"Lt. Morrow will take the battalion tomorrow, but I feel like getting your cute butt out of bed and running you're your know what around tomorrow."

"Major I love it when you get mad," said Jennifer. 

Jennifer reached into her purse and pulled out her credit card. She slipped it into the folder containing the check. "My treat," said Jennifer. The waiter returned and picked up the folder and brought the charge slip for Jennifer to sign.

They rose and checked each other's uniform and walked to the registration table outside of one of the ballrooms. Offices and enlisted members of her unit along with several civilians in formal attire were already in the room. They found their seats and Jennifer went to the bar and ordered a martini for her and a glass of scotch for the Major. She placed the glass in front of him and kissed him. A tall man in a formal uniform with eagles on his shoulders approached. The Major stood and Jennifer came to attention and saluted. 

Major Connolly would you introduce me to your friend?"

Colonel March, this is Major Charles Johnson who commands the ROTC unit on campus He and I served in the tenth before I started Law school. We became reacquainted late last semester. Major Johnson my unit's commanding officer," replied Jennifer.

The two male officer's shook hands and the Colonel moved to another table. Several of Jennifer's colleagues came by the table wanting to know who the mystery officer was. A female Lieutenant, pulled Jennifer away and whispered to her "He is cute do not let him get away,"

"I plan not to," said Jennifer as the two women chuckled.

They walked around and looked at the silent auction items up for bid. Jennifer scribbled a bid on a case of high quality scotch, and the Major bid on some diamond earrings. Jennifer looked at him puzzled. "Do you have a jewelry fetish?" 

"No I was going to give them to you if I won but I don't think that will happen," replied the Major.

There was an announcement that dinner was being served and would the guests please take their seats. The Major held Jennifer's chair as she sat down. He sat next to her and her hand started to massage his cock through the uniform. He gently removed her hand and whispered to her to stop. Five waiters approached the table each carrying two salads the waiters approached and as if they were in the military, doing close order drill, they served each of the guests and then marched off. There were several officers at the table some of whom Jennifer did not know. There was a naval officer from the naval reserve unit that shared the reserve center. She noticed that he had a JAG badge. She engaged him in conversation stating that she was studying law. She also mentioned that a friend of hers was thinking about joining Navy JAG after school. All of the women focused on the Major and he fought off several advances by pointing to Jennifer. 

The squad of waiters approached and asked if the diners were finished with the salad. Again like a squad in a close order drill they removed the plates and were replaced by another group with the entre plates who placed them in front of the guests. Other waiters passed among the tables offering wine.

A half hour later the waiters returned and took the plates and leaving dessert. The commanding officers from the reserve units that use the reserve center approached the microphone to start the formal program. Each commander called up members of their units and presented various awards. Colonel March called Jennifer up and formally read her promotion to Major. The program continued as the other commanders gave their presentation and concluded the event. There was a DJ who started spinning records and several guests started to dance. The Major and Jennifer danced to a few tunes but when the silent auction winners were announced. Neither the Major nor Jennifer won the items that they bid on. The party was winding down and they decided to go up to their room. 

They got on the elevator with several other party guests and got off on their floor. The Major sat on the bed and kicked of his shoes Jennifer approached and kissed him. 

"Let me get out of this thing before we get frisky," said the Major. 

"Before you do I want you to assist me with mine," said Jennifer.

She stood and began unbuttoning the uniform Jacket followed by the skirt, leaving her in a bra and panties. She turned and assisted the Major out of the uniform coat and shirt, and finally she dropped his pants to the floor. They picked up the uniforms that they would need to send back to the rental house.

"Kiss me Major," said Jennifer. 

The Major kissed her lips, and embraced his lover. He unhooked her bra and freed her tits. He hooked her thumbs around his underwear and dropped them to the floor. She massaged his cock and put the tip in her mouth. "What plans to you have for us this evening?" asked Jennifer. 

"Oh I have plans for us, especially your pussy, dear," said the Major. 

They kissed again. The Major pulled her to the bedroom; Jennifer stroked his cock. 

"When did you register for this room?" 

"I came down here at noon."

There was an enormous bed in the room it looked like two kings put together. On a credenza was a ice bucket with another bottle of Champagne. Major Johnson opened the bottle and poured two glasses. He handed one to Jennifer who had gotten out of her clothes and was standing naked next to him. He leaned over and kissed her. 

"You have a good memory Major, you know that I like kisses," said Jennifer.

Jennifer marched the Major to the bed and sat him down. She continued to play with his organ, but kept denying the ultimate pleasure. She lightly kissed the crown of his cock, 

"Major you feel great." The Major stretched out on the bed and Jennifer climbed on top and kissed his cock again. She took his shaft in her mouth and used her saliva to lubricate it. 

"Major I need a good fuck," said Jennifer as she maneuvered his shaft into her tunnel of love. When his cock was fully lodged in her cunt she kissed the Major. 

"You and I are going to have massive hangovers tomorrow," said Major.

"Shish," said Jennifer as she leaned down and kissed him. 

She rose up and started to move allowing his cock to slide in and out of her love tunnel. "I love having you lodged in my pussy," said Jennifer 

She slowly moved up and down his shaft. Every time she came down, the Major's cock hit her clitoris causing her to scream. The Major pulled her down and kissed her. They rotated putting the Major on top and he continued to fuck her. Her breathing signaled that she was about to cum. The Major stopped allowing her to come down off the ledge. "Major please fuck me," said Jennifer.

The Major pulled his cock out and replaced it with his mouth. He placed his cock next to her mouth and she took the crown in her mouth and painted the tip with her tongue. She started to put his entire length in her mouth when the Major pulled away and drove it in to her cunt. He kissed her again and began to fuck her this time allowing her the climax. He continued and he suddenly felt his eruption building and he filled her with his hot love juice. 

They both collapsed with the Major seeking out her lips and kissed her. When they revived Jennifer got off the bed.

"I love the way you make love, darling," said the Major. 

Jennifer walked over to the large sofa opposite the bed and sat down, the major joined her leaned over and kissed her. He sat back and took in the vision of her naked in the large mirror on the wall. 

"How are you feeling?" asked the Major. 

"A little used but I love the feeling," said Jennifer.

Jennifer stood and sat on the Major's legs like she did when she shaved him. She kissed him and inserted her tongue in his mouth.

"Major what has gotten into you?" asked Johnson when they broke

"I am seeing the end of the road and I want to celebrate," answered Jennifer.

"You still have a few miles to go, don't take your eyes off the prize, Major."

"You can be a real spoil sport sir," said Jennifer with a slight laugh.
