 Readers of my Literotica novella "Adultery on the High Seas" have asked for a sequel, to continue the erotic exploits of officers' wives Jane and Heidi on their long voyage on a troopship in the nineteen-fifties. Having arrived in Singapore to join their husbands, they now sought some more amorous adventures while they impatiently await the return of the ship with their previous lovers. 

Though this story can stand alone, reading the first one is definitely recommended. 

***** 

'So what are we going to do for men? I don't know about you, but I'm, dying for a good fuck.' asked Heidi petulantly, crushing her cigarette out in an ashtray. She had a slight, but attractive accent which marked her down as German. 

'Give us a chance, we've only been ashore for a fortnight!' 

Jane Kent was her accomplice in their amorous activities, though the conversation was rather odd, as both women were married, their husbands currently being within a mile of where they were now sitting. 

The pair were sitting at a table on the terrace of the famous Singapore Swimming Club, drinking coffee and looking bored.. 

'There wasn't much activity in the Officer's Mess last night,' complained the dark-haired Heidi. 'Just a lot of stiff-necked old majors. What happened to all the randy subalterns and dishy sailors that we had on the ship'? 

Heidi was a curvaceous woman of thirty-three with dark hair and a provocative smile. She was very attractive, and though not actually beautiful, had a look in her eye that made most men wish that they could get her into bed. 

'Perhaps we should get away from the Army and join some sort of 'ex-pats' club?' suggested Jane. 'There must be thousands of Europeans in Singapore.' 

Heidi gave her a lascivious grin. 'Europeans? I don't care what colour they are, as long as they've got nice big cocks!' 

Jane looked around furtively to make sure that no one was listening to her friend's outspoken comments. In spite of them recently having spent four weeks in increasing debauchery on a troopship, Jane still had a puritanical streak that appeared when Heidi made some outrageous remark in public. 

Jane was both beautiful as well as attractive, her oval face framed by a cloud of golden hair tinged with auburn. Her large 'come-to-bed' eyes were always expertly made-up, as were her eminently-kissable scarlet lips. The tiny waist and jutting breasts were emphasised by the black satin swimsuit she was wearing.. 

'So what can we do about it?' persisted Heidi. 'It'll be two months before Roger and Lionel get back here on the ship. I just can't live like nun until then!' 

Jane had also been thinking longingly about the two ship's officers with whom they had had so many sexual adventures on the four-week voyage out from Britain. 

'But we've both got husbands, you know,' she said wickedly, knowing that this would provoke her friend's derision. 

'Hah! Your chap's quite dishy, but mine is about as much use as a limp lettuce.' 

Jane had met Heidi's husband, a short, tubby Major in the Royal Artillery - an amiable enough fellow at least ten years older than his wife, but hardly one to satisfy her passionate nature.Heidi had married him as means to escape the privations in Germany at the end of the war, but had soon looked elsewhere to satisfy her voracious sexual appetite. 

'My fellow is going up-country tomorrow,' said Jane, pensively. 'We've been apart for almost two years and all he gets when we're re-united is a measly week's leave!' 

'Well, you must have been having plenty ofsex these past few days, you lucky bitch,' exclaimed Heidi, with mock jealousy. 

Jane smiled ruefully. 'Just a few gentle cuddles, Heidi. I love Peter, but he's no Marlon Brando... more a 'once a week' man'. 

Her husband was a captain in the Intelligence Corps, a former Detective-Inspector in the Metropolitan Police. He had been seconded to the military to assist in the interrogation of captured Communist terrorists in the long campaign that now in 1957, had already being going on for nine years. 

Though based in FARELF, the army headquarters in Singapore, he spent much of his time 'up-country' in Malaya where the jungle war was being waged. Jane had been married to him for only two years and had lost him to the Army after the first six months. 

Heidi glanced at her wrist-watch, then pushed back her chair. 

'The sun's over the yard-arm, so it's time for a drink, my girl!' 

Jane readily agreed and they walked over to the outdoor bar, their high-heeled sandals accentuating their long legs and swaying hips. 

The bar was had a wide overhanging roof, with tables and chairs set out in front of it along the edge of the sandy beach, though most patrons preferred to use the large swimming pool. 

There were quite a few customers standing at the counter, which offered drinks of all types, as well as snacks such as club sandwiches and curry puffs. 

The two women were club members by virtue of their husband's membership and Heidi went for a couple of gin-and-tonics, their favourite tipple. 

Jane walked over to sit at a vacant table and when her friend brought the two tall glasses, complete with slices of lime, she noticed that Heidi seems a little excited. 

'See those two fellows at the bar? I think I may have pulled them!' she hissed. 

Jane looked across and saw two tall men staring at them. 

One was heavily-built and had jet black hair, the other was a dark blond, but both appeared very attractive to a couple of sex-starved women. 

'How did you manage that?' whispered Jane. 

'I heard them speaking German', said Heidi. 'So I wished them 'guten tag' and asked them if they came here often!' 

Jane already knew that her friend was never backward in approaching strangers, but this was new record for her. 

'But who are they?' hissed Jane, as she saw that the two men were putting down their empty glasses and starting to come towards them. 

'Journalists - one's German, the other Swiss,' murmured Heidi. 'But don't worry, they both speak excellent English.' 

They soon proved this when they came to stand over the two women, smiling as they introduced themselves. 

'It's very nice of you to take pity on us two lonely men!' 

The big dark- haired man seized Heidi's hand and touched his lips to the back of her fingers, as he briskly bowed his head to her. Jane thought that if he hadn't been wearing 'flip-flops', he might have clicked his heels as well! 

She was immediately diverted as the slimmer, but muscular fair man gave her a lovely smile and held out his hand to shake hers. 

'My Prussian friend is real ladies's man!' he said with a grin. 'He's Rudi and I'm Alex, at your service.' 

He seemed reluctant to let her fingers go, but Jane was more than happy to spin out contact with this very good-looking fellow. 

Invited to sit down, the two newcomers parked themselves, with Rudi next to Heidi and Alex alongside Jane, almost as if they had rehearsed the pairing-off beforehand. The barman came up with a tray of drinks and placed it before Rudi. 

'We saw you were drinking gin-and tonic, so we took the liberty of ordering the same for you.' said Alex. 

Jane saw Heidi a raise one of her pencilled eyebrows at Rudi, then say something to him in German. Alex translated in a stage-whisper to Jane. 

'Your friend is suggesting that we are already trying to use alcohol to break down your resistance, but I assure you that our intentions are entirely honourable!' 

'Oh dear, what a shame!' said Jane archly, raising broad smiles on the two men's faces. 

The next half-hour passed very pleasantly, lubricated by more drinks, though the men soon changed to Tiger beer. 

It was a steep learning curve, but the 'girls' discovered that both men were overseas correspondents, Alex Speer working for a Zurich news agency and Rudolf Weiss being on the staff of the Suddeutsche Zeitung, the main Munich morning paper. 

'We're stuck here for a few weeks to cover the work-up to the independence celebrations for Malaya in a few years time,' said Alex. 'Rather boring, but perhaps the outlook for our stay has suddenly improved'! As he spoke he covered Jane's hand with his strong fingers and gave her a wink. 

Meanwhile, Rudi was cosying up to Heidi, one arm draped across the back of her chair. They were speaking quietly together in German, Heidi enjoying not only the rare opportunity to use her native language, but also the close proximity of a large, rugged but handsome man. 

As both women were wearing wedding rings, the two men were well aware that they were not sitting with a pair of naive virgins. Having spent more than a decade seeking news in most parts of the world, they had chatted-up innumerable attractive women and had developed the technique of seduction to a fine art - not that it was needed in the present situation. 

After the first few drinks, Rudi suggested that they adjourned to enjoy a swim. As they walked the few yards to the pool, the women checked out the large physique of the two six-footers, especially Rudi, who had muscles like a wrestler. They also noticed with considerable approval, the large bulges in the front of their skimpy bathing-trunks. 

Rudi was deeply tanned and a thatch of black hair on his chest. 

His features were strong, but he was undoubtedly good-looking in a 'he-man' kind of way. 

Alex was more conventionally handsome, his fair hair wavy and his face more refined. Though slimmer than Rudi, his shoulders, arms and chest were also impressively muscular. Jane learned that he had worked in London for a year, accounting for his almost faultless English. 

Neither woman was much of a swimmer and they spent forty minutes in an aquatic form of flirtation as they bobbed up and down in the warm water, laughing and talking to their new acquaintances. They discovered that Rudi was married, but with no children and that Alex was divorced, also being childless. 

After a pleasant period of watery social intercourse, in which the women took care not to get their hair wet, they climbed out and had a last drink while they dried off. 

'It pains me to say it, ladies, but we working men will have to leave you soon,' said Alex, placing his hand over Jane's again as it lay on the table. 'As it's Friday, we both have to write our weekly reports and cable them to our editors.' 

Heidi pouted a little and Jane turned her large 'come-to-bed' eyes on the two men. 

'We've had too much of this 'ships that pass in the night' stuff lately,' she sighed dramatically. 'We were having a great time on our troopship with all those lovely men, then it suddenly sailed away and left us stranded!' 

Both she and Heidi avoided mentioning that they were planning to go up to Hong Kong on an 'indulgence passage' with at least two of those lovely men, when the Empire Avon returned to Singapore in September. 

Rudi and Alex rose to their feet reluctantly, then whispered together in German so softly that even Heidi could not hear them. 

'We have a solution, ladies,' said Alex, who tended to be the spokesman for the pair. 'We cannot just walk away and never see you again!' 

Rudi chipped in, with his deeper voice. 'We don't even have your addresses or telephone numbers! Though perhaps that might make some difficulties for you?' 

He was obviously thinking of the fact that these two attractive women were married and living with their husbands, which might make it hazardous for them to keep in contact. 

Alex returned to offer a solution 

'Tomorrow evening, there is a little party at the Foreign Correspondent's Club, where we also live. Just a few drinks, a nice buffet and some dancing. We wondered if we could persuade you to be our guests?' 

Heidi lost no time in accepting on their behalf. 

'Wonderbar!' she exclaimed. 'We'd love to come, wouldn't we, Jane?' 

Her golden-haired friend agreed enthusiastically. 

'Great, just tell us where and when! Is the party for any special reason?' 

Alex, with a wide smile on his face at their acceptance, explained in his excellent English. 

'A couple of the other journalists are going home next week, so we're using it as an excuse for a 'knees-up'! His command of English included many such idioms. 

There was a brief discussion about times and addresses and what they should wear. 

'Not too formal', suggested Rudi. 'Casual, but sexy!' he added mischievously. 

When the men had gone, the two women sat for while at the table, though this time drinking coffee with a club sandwich. 

'So what do you think of that?' asked Heidi, her eyes glistening with anticipation. 

'Can we pull it off without our spouses finding out?', asked Jane, now worried about the risk of detection. 

'Your chap is going away tomorrow for a week', said Heidi reassuringly. 'And my old man doesn't care too much, he's used to me vanishing for a night - I'll tell him I'm staying with you, as you'll be on your own.' 

'D'you think this might be an all-night affair, then?' 

Jane felt a frisson of excitement at the prospect, but her fellow-conspirator grinned. 

'If not all night, we'll be damned late getting home! It's obvious that our new friends want their evil way with us!' 

The next evening, Heidi walked the few hundred yards to Jane's bungalow from her new home in the officer's quarters of the Far East Land Forces HQ in Tanglin Park. 

As Heidi's husband was a long-serving major, he was allotted one of the Army bungalows in the large tree-lined compound, but Peter Kent, a Short-Service captain, was housed in private rented accommodation. 

It was just outside the FARELF compound, not that he was going to be there much, as most of his investigative work was up north in Malaya. 

Heidi had 'glammed-up' for the evening, wearing a slinky red dress with a low-cut top, under a black bolero. 

Jane was waiting for her on the raised veranda of her modern bungalow, looking ravishing in a 'cheongsam' of silvery Chinese silk brocade, which she had bought during their first shopping spree the previous week. 

The colour emphasised her reddish-gold hair and the thigh-high slit on each side of the skirt drew even more attention to her shapely legs. 

'The taxi is on its way - my amah phoned for it ten minutes ago,' she announced, a slight tremor nerves in her voice. She was still anxious about keeping their adventure secret - it was one thing to have high-jinks on a ship in the middle of an empty ocean, but another to carry-on in the incestuous surroundings of an army base. 

As they sat in the taxi that took them the ten minutes 

journey down-town, Heidi wondered how old their new admirers were. 

'Rudi looks at least forty to me,' she suggested. 'Your chap Alex is quite a bit younger, I think.' 

Jane agreed, her guess for the fair man from Switzerland being thirty-six or a little more. 

'That makes them almost ten years older than us,' she said hesitantly. 

Heidi shrugged. 'So what? They've obviously had plenty of experience in their travels around the world, so they should be hot-stuff in bed!' 

At this, Jane felt a stirring between her thighs, but this was cut short by their arrival at the Foreign Correspondent's Club. It was a typical colonial building on Bras Basah Road, not far from the Raffles Hotel. They looked up at the white portico and saw their two new friends waiting for them on the steps. 

'My God, they're keen!' murmured Heidi. 'We should be in for a strenuous time tonight, if we play our cards right.' 

Rudi and Alex enthusiastically claimed their guests and hustled them into the wide entrance hall, cooled by large brass fans whirring high overhead. 

'You both look superb tonight ' enthused Rudi. 'Come and join the party and meet some people.' 

'But don't let any randy 'ex-pat' steal you from me,' whispered Alex as he slipped an arm around Jane's silk-sheathed shoulders. Both men were smartly dressed in light tropical suits, Rudi with a bow tie and Alex with an elegant cravat. 

They were shepherded into a large air-conditioned side room, where a crowd of about fifty people were drinking and gossiping in typical cocktail party fashion. 

A discreet background of American hit-songs were playing from a record-player and within seconds, tall gasses were pressed into their hands, the first of an endless offer of gin, whisky, rum and a host of exotic-sounding cocktails. 

Alex and Rudi began to introduce them to half-a dozen of their friends, but kept close to their prizes as if guarding them from predators. An hour went by in pleasant conversation and repartee, though Jane could hardly recall the names of any people they had met. Most were men, but perhaps a third were women, some of them attractive Chinese. Presumably some were wives. others female journalists, but from the generally youthful age-span, many were either girl-friends or mistresses. 

Both Jane and Heidi were gregarious party-goers and soon became the focus of attention to which they responded with alacrity, especially as they were plied with more alcohol. 

Soon a more senior man made a short speech, saying how sad they were to lose three of their number who were returning home, provoking some witty and raucous calls that they had better start thinking of lies to tell their wives. 

The speech appeared to be the trigger for the buffet to be declared open, and as the Indian servants lifted snowy cloths off the long table. Scores of appetising dishes appeared and the crowd set upon them with enthusiasm. Rudi and Alex settled the two women at one of the many small tables set around the edge of the room and ferried plates of food, napkins and cutlery across to them, together with more alcohol. 

As usual in such parties, the level of noise rose as the level of drink in their glasses fell, but the four of them managed to keep up a spirited conversation, a mixture of flirtatious innuendo and some more serious talk, mainly anecdotes about the places that Rudi and Alex had been stationed in around the world. 

They tended to avoid personal matters and no husbands or wives or were mentioned - and both women had now unobtrusively hidden their wedding rings in their handbags, as was conventional during adulterous affairs. 

While she picked at the excellent food, Jane began to have feelings of unreality as she suddenly realised that she was sitting in Singapore with a couple of almost total strangers, in the hopeful expectation of having passionate sex with at least one of them that night! 

Six weeks ago, she had been sitting in her flat in London, still faithful to her fairly new husband. Then four weeks in the First Class accommodation of the Empire Avon had turned her into a scarlet woman, revealing to herself the fact that she was really a raving nymphomaniac. 

Following the encouragement and example of Heidi, she had had almost nightly sex with an army officer and two ship's officers, often with the active participation of Heidi herself. 

And now here she was, aching for more sex after only two weeks deprivation, as the addictive nature of the kind of love-making she enjoyed on the ship could never be achieved with her own husband. 

When everyone had eaten their fill, the background music was changed to popular dance rhythms and a large floor area ringed by the tables, was rapidly filled by couples. 

Alex and Rudi fended off the rush of men who descended upon their table and whisked Jane and Heidi off to gyrate to the first waltz. 

'You'll be in great demand tonight, Jane,' said Alex, pulling her close against his chest. 'Every red-blooded man is desperate to make passionate love to you!' 

She rolled her big eyes up at him. 

'Does that include you, Alex?' she whispered, in almost a parody of seduction. He grinned down at her and gave her waist an extra squeeze. 
