 Jimmy Woodhouse raced home after work hoping to arrive before his wife Laura. He was almost certain that if any remnants of his cum remained on his body Laura would sniff it out and there would be Hell to pay. Once inside the house he stripped off his clothing, stuffed it in the hamper and stepped into the shower. It didn't matter that the water wasn't even warm—he could handle shivering a while so he could soap up. 

****** 

Laura Woodhouse pulled into the garage and, as the door closed behind her, looked at the video Dan Watkins had taken of their anal adventure earlier in the day. She stared intently at her phone, gasping when she saw a glob of jism ooze from her puckered hole. Sighing, she reluctantly deleted the video and strolled into the house. When she heard the shower running she shouted, "Hey, babe. I'm home." 

****** 

"Hey, Laura," Jimmy yelled. "Come on in. The water just got warm." 

Laura stood outside the glass shower door and slowly removed her clothing. When she was naked she ran her hands over her breasts and asked, "Do you wish my tits were bigger?" 

Jimmy laughed. "I wish that they were in here with me," he said. "That's my wish." 

Laura stepped into the shower, faced Jimmy, wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him. "Your wish is my command. I wish you would get your hands soapy and wash my tits and ass." 

Jimmy lathered his hands and whispered in Laura's ear. "Your wish is my command. I wish you would get your hands soapy and wash my cock." 

Laura soaped her hands and slid one down Jimmy's body, grabbing his stiff prick while pressing up against him. "God, your cock is big," she murmured. 

"I know," Jimmy said. He slid his hands under Laura's butt and whispered, "God, your ass is perfect." 

Laura giggled before driving her tongue into Jimmy's mouth. "I know," she said. "You've told me many times." 

"We...uh...haven't, you know, in quite a while." 

"You're too big for me, Jimmy," Laura said. "The pain..." 

"But you always come." 

"I...I know but...but that's only after you've come and lubed my insides with your cum and, of course, when you're softer and a bit smaller." 

Jimmy slid his hand between Laura's butt cheeks and let a finger linger on her butt hole. When she didn't object he decided to push the issue. "I'll go easy. I promise." 

What Jimmy didn't know was that Laura was fully intent on having anal sex with him. Her plan was working perfectly. By letting Dan butt-fuck her earlier in the day she had been opened up and would be able to handle Jimmy better than normal. "Okay," she said. "But I want to do it in front of the mirror. I...I like seeing us in the mirror." 

"Jesus," Jimmy said. "I like seeing us, too." 

Jimmy and Laura stepped out of the shower, toweled off a bit and then made their way to the vanity. Laura turned her back to Jimmy, spread her legs and, her voice trembling, said, "Fuck me first, okay? Use my juices as a lube." 

Jimmy stood behind Laura and ran the tip of his cock up and down her slick pussy lips. "Put it in me," Laura moaned. "Put it in me." 

Jimmy eased his prick into her, marveling at her reflection in the mirror and how her mouth slowly formed the letter O. "Laura," he said. "When your mouth is open like that do you ever imagine having a cock in it?" 

"No," she said. For a moment she let herself imagine that Dan Watkins was standing in front of her with his stiff prick in his hand. "But...but I will now," she said. "Fuck me, Jimmy. Fuck me hard but don't come. Tell me. Do you ever think of...of...you know...another woman like this?" 

Jimmy started pounding his prick into Laura, banging up against her butt. "You feel so good," he groaned. Then he imagined his cock in Alicia's pussy and how good that would undoubtedly feel. "If you like the idea, though, I'll think of that now. In fact I can imagine you eating someone's pussy while I fuck you." 

Laura's excitement began to build. She had never entertained being with another woman but Jimmy's comment intrigued her. "God, Jimmy. You feel so good. So good, in fact, I think I could eat someone's pussy while we were like this." 

"Oh, my God," Jimmy moaned. "Keep talking like that and I'll blow my load." 

"Okay, then, "Laura said, "Think about my tits. Don't you wish my tits were bigger? If they were they'd be flying around. They hardly move at all." 

Jimmy reached around her and squeezed her nipples. "I like 'em just fine." He then pulled out of her pussy and slid his cock up and down the crack of her butt, all the time remembering the sight of his prick between Alicia's ass cheeks. "Are you ready?" 

"Uh huh. Just go...oh Jesus." 

"You're so tight." 

"Easy. Easy." 

"So fucking tight. I...I got the head in..." 

"You think I don't know that? Go slow. Please go slow." 

"Fuck. I can't...I'm gonna...mmmm." 

"I feel you," Laura cried. "I feel your hot cum inside me. I'm coming. I'm coming." 

For a few seconds the bathroom was filled with the sounds of moaning and groaning and then with the sounds of heavy breathing. Laura leaned forward and rested her chest on the vanity, while Jimmy leaned forward and rested his head on her back. 

After catching his breath Jimmy whispered, "Are you ready for round two?" 

"Yeah," Laura said. "You can fuck me now." 

Jimmy thrust his hips forward, burying his cock deep inside Laura. "Like this?" 

"Christ," Laura yelled. "Yes. Like that." 

Snarling, Jimmy grabbed the sides of her hips and jammed his prick inside her even further. "Like that?" 

"Oh, God, yes," Laura shouted. "Fuck me." 

The mirror began to become covered with mist as Jimmy and Laura's hot breath coated it. The sound of flesh slapping and guttural moaning filled the room. Jimmy focused on the twisted grimace on Laura's face reflected back by the mirror and Laura focused on his set jaw as he increased his pounding. 

It took almost ten minutes but finally Jimmy shouted, "I'm coming." 

Laura cried, "I'm coming, too." 

Sweat covered their bodies as they struggled to regain their breath. When Laura felt Jimmy slipping out of her she said, "Hold off as long as you can before you pull out. It'll make your cum pool at my asshole. I wanna feel it ooze down my thighs." 

Jimmy waited until his cock was so soft Laura's muscle pushed it out of her. Then he watched as a long stream of white viscous fluid flowed out of her. "God, Laura," he said. "If you could see what I see." 

"Yeah," she said. "We should have videoed it. But I can feel it and that's even better. After I clean up I'll make dinner." 

"Maybe we should just call out for pizza." 

"Good idea. I don't know how much longer my legs are gonna support me."