 "I...uh...I have to get back to you." Dan Watkins hung up the phone, tried to avoid looking up by staring down at his notepad and then, despite his efforts to control his emotions, broke into a sweat. When he lifted his eyes, the sweat became more profuse because, sitting across from him was Laura Woodhouse, her skirt barely covering her thighs, her blonde hair cascading over her shoulders and her blue eyes boring into his eyes. 

"That must have been an important phone call," she said. "You didn't even hear me come into your office." 

"I heard you," Dan said. "The truth is that I'm afraid to look at you. You...you look so beautiful that I... Did you...did you think about me this weekend?" 

Laura covered her mouth and laughed. "Of course." 

"I thought about you, too," Dan said. 

Laura smiled seductively, ran her fingers through her hair and lifted her arms over her head. Even though her breasts would barely fill out a training bra her nipples, pressed against the fabric of her blouse, became quite prominent. Once she was sure that she had Dan's full attention, she ran her tongue over her lips and in a husky voice she said, "What did you think about? My tiny tits? My pink nipples? Your tongue in my pussy? Your cock in my mouth? The way you blasted..." 

"Good God, Laura," Dan whined. "Are you trying to torture me? What we did was amazing but...but you know we shouldn't..." 

"But we did, didn't we, and we are going to do it again, aren't we?" 

Dan swallowed hard. "Yes, we are. But if anyone ever found out..." 

"Why would they? I'm not telling anyone." 

"But if they did..." 

Laura leaned forward and let her lips curl into a smirk. "You'd be fired, Dan. I'm just the poor girl who you, my boss, took advantage of." 

Dan leaned back in his chair, desperately trying to conceal the fear pulsing through his veins as well as the overwhelming throbbing he felt in his cock. "Would you actually do that to me?" 

Laura shrugged and flicked her hair over her shoulders. "Just make sure it doesn't come to that. Did you get the conference room like I asked?" 

"Yes. But I don't understand why..." 

"Because screwing around under everyone's noses makes it more exciting, doesn't it? Let's see. We've sixty-nined in the utility room, I gave you a hand job in..." 

"Okay, okay," Dan said. "But doing...what we do...also makes our time together limited. I'd like to spend more time with you." 

"Well, this is the way I want it. If you don't want to..." 

"No. no. I do." 

"Then let's go have a meeting." 

<><><><><><><><><><> 

Dan and Laura walked through the office hallways spouting out business terminology. None of it meant anything but if anyone listened they'd assume they were actually discussing work-related matters. 

When they entered the conference room, Dan turned a knob that said occupied, locked the conference room door and shoved Laura up against the wall. "You make me crazy," he said. 

"Oh, Dan..." Laura moaned. "I...I want you to..." 

Dan ran his hand under Laura's blouse and pinched her nipples between his thumbs and forefingers. "You want me to what?" 

"I want you to fuck me in the ass." 

"What?" 

Laura, in a matter-of-fact tone of voice, said, "You know I won't have intercourse with you and I'm tired of you fingering me and eating my pussy. I'm also tired of sucking your cock, so I want you to fuck me in the ass." 

"But...but you have these rules..." 

"That's right. If I were to let your cock in my pussy that would mean I was cheating on my husband. Oral sex is okay. Hands and fingers are okay. So I've made a new rule—I've decided that butt fucking is okay." 

"You are nuts," Dan said. He was apprehensive about getting caught, but he was so driven by desire that he reached under Laura's skirt and, pressing her upper body against the wall, pulled down her panties and jammed his hand into her pussy. After coating his fingers with her elixir he spread her slick secretions on her ass, letting his fingers move in and out of her tight hole. 

"Let me get my purse," Laura whispered. "Then I'll grab the table to give you perfect access to my ass and you can fuck me. Um...you have fucked a woman in the ass standing up, right?" 

"Uh...no," Dan mumbled. 

"Jesus," Laura said with a sigh. "I thought you were experienced. No matter. I'm sure you'll figure out what to do. Anyway, let me get everything ready." Laura stepped out of her panties, grabbed her purse, pulled out her cell phone and handed it to Dan. After bending over to grab the conference table, she said, "Video this, Dan." 

Dan, his heart pounding at the sight of Laura's exposed legs and butt protruding from the black mini yanked up around her hips, gulped, "Excuse me?" 

Laura turned her head to look over her shoulder. "Video this. I don't mean us—just your cock in my ass. I want to look at it later." 

"Jesus," Dan gasped. "I...I..." 

"Will you hurry," Laura snapped. "Just point and shoot. And let's be sure to be quiet!" 

Shaking, Dan crept up behind Laura, one hand holding his prick and the other the cell phone. "Laura," he whispered. "I kinda need two hands." 

"Let me help," she said. Reaching between her legs, she grabbed Dan's cock and guided it to her butt. "Push, Dan," she said. "I'll help you get in and then you'll only need one free hand. And keep the video going!" 

Dan struggled to remain calm, but his hand shook as he watched his cock slowly disappear into Laura's tight hole. "I...I can't believe what I'm seeing," he said. 

"I know," Laura said. "I wanna see it to. That's why we're videoing it. I'm always amazed that a cock can fit in there." 

As the pressure from Laura's muscle built around Dan's prick, his shaking stopped and his carnal desires took hold. "Christ," he whispered. "Your ass is so...so..." 

Laura giggled. "Perfect? Tight? I know. I've been told that before, you know. God, Dan. I'm close! I want to hold off, but...oh my God...I'm so excited...push in. Push in!" 

In an effort to get leverage, Dan reached around Laura and pressed his free hand on her pubic hair. "Yes," she moaned. "Finger my clit!" 

Dan's mind was a fuzzy ball of cotton. Acting purely on instinct, he pressed deeper into Laura and fingered her clit while still keeping her cell phone focused on her butt. 

"God, Dan," she cried. "Just don't push! Fuck me!" 

His blood boiling, Dan crammed his cock into Laura as far as he could, pulled out and crammed it into her again. Laura pushed back and, with one hand, massaged her breasts. "That's it," she whispered. "Keep fucking me. Oh my God. I...I'm coming!"  

"Me," Dan moaned, "too!" He arched his back. Driving his cock deep into Laura's ass as his cum spewed into her. His legs were about to give out but he had the presence of mind to keep the cell phone focused. 

Laura shuddered once and then again. Sighing with pleasure, she said, "Don't stop the video until you pull out, okay? I want to see it all." 

"Uh huh," Dan mumbled. Glancing up at the wall clock, though, he saw that they only had four minutes of conference room time left, so he slowly slid his softening prick out of her. When he pulled out he stared in wonder at the jism oozing from her puckered hole. 

Laura giggled and sighed. Spinning around to kiss Dan, she said, "Jesus, Dan. That was great, wasn't it?" 

"Yeah," Dan said. "It was." 

Laura stuffed her panties into her purse and took the cell phone from Dan. "I can't believe you've never videoed yourself," she said. "Everyone does." 

Dan felt stupid at feeling stupid. "Well," he mumbled, "I guess..." 

"Whatever," Laura said. "We should get outta here." 

"Wait," Dan said. "I...I want to know if you will ever...ever leave your husband." 

"Leave Jimmy? Never. I hate to tell you this but he is the best fuck I have ever had. His cock is so big. I hardly ever let him do what you just did because, frankly, there is too much pain involved." 

"Just great," Dan snorted. "Way to make me feel like a man." 

Laura gave Dan a brush of her lips on his cheek. "Don't be a baby. I gotta go wipe the cum off my butt. I don't want to stain my dress. Maybe we can figure out some way you can finally get your cock in my pussy. I mean, I'd love to let you fuck me some day but I do have my rules." She gave him one more kiss and left the conference room leaving Dan alone with his thoughts. 

"Yeah, maybe," he mumbled. "Maybe I'll get to fuck you some day."