 It was around eleven when Laura sauntered into the bedroom where, naked under the covers, her husband Jimmy waited. After their anal adventure earlier in the evening neither of them expected to be interested in more sex, but the events of the day fueled their lust. Jimmy remembered the stream of cum he shot onto Alicia's back after he fucked her ass cheeks and Laura replayed in her mind the video of Dan pounding her butt. 

"My ass is killing me," Laura said as she slid under the covers.

Jimmy stroked her hair and smiled. "Do you want me to get penis reduction surgery?"

"Ha," Laura said. "No. I love your big cock." She shuddered a little bit when she thought about how easily she could take Dan up her ass. That was fine but she needed a big cock as well. Afraid that she might slip up and say his name, she decided to talk about Dan to get him out of her mind.

"I...um...had an incident at work today," she said.

"Oh?"

"You know that guy I work for, that guy Dan?"

"Yeah. I've never met him but you have, I think, said he's pretty good looking."

"Right. Well, apparently he thinks he is as well. He flirts a lot, you know? So today he said something to me like, let me know if you ever get divorced because I'll be first in line to snatch you up. I mean, he says that to all the women but it bothered me today."

"Oh, well, that's nothing," Jimmy said. "Guys say stupid things like that all the time."

"Maybe," Laura said. "But later I took him aside and gave him a lecture on sexual harassment. I think he was shocked and apologized."

Jimmy immediately seized upon the opportunity to bring up Alicia to get her off his mind. "Funny," he said. "Maybe it's something in the air but I also had an incident at work today. Have I ever mentioned a woman by the name of Alicia who works for me?"

"Hmmm. I don't think so," Laura said.

"Well she's about your height and weight and almost—not quite, of course—as sexy as you are. She, too, is a flirt. In fact today she got so flirtatious with one of the guys in the office I thought the poor man was going to pass out. Well, I had to take her aside and give her a lecture on sexual harassment. I think she got the message."

"I'll bet she's not married," Laura said.

Jimmy pretended to think before answering. "No, I don't think she is," he said. "I'll bet Dan isn't married, either."

"Uh uh," Laura said. "It makes sense, right? I mean, married people would never carry on at work like that."

"Of course not," Jimmy said. Just then an idea popped into his head, and idea that might actually allow him to finally have normal sex with Alicia. "Maybe we should get them together."

Laura felt like she had been hit by lightning. She, too, suddenly realized that there might be a way she could have normal sex with Dan. "Good idea," she said. "We should all have dinner tomorrow night. We'll both bring it up at work tomorrow."

"Yes," Jimmy said. "Now, about your butt. Lie on your stomach. I'm gonna kiss it and make it better."

Giggling, Laura rolled onto her stomach. "Go easy. I am really sore."

As he traced his way down Laura's back with his tongue, Jimmy imagined that it was Alicia under him. When he reached Laura's puckered hole, he imagined that he was licking Alicia's perfect ass. 

Laura, on the other hand, imagined that Dan was pushing his tongue into her. Moaning, she slowly got to her knees, making sure that her ass was still being licked, until she whispered, "Fuck me. Fuck me."

When Jimmy rammed his cock into Laura he began to plan. This will only work if we have a four-way. Yes. I'll fuck Alicia while she sucks off Dan. But what about Laura? I can't exclude her. Think. Think. Got it. Alicia can eat Laura's pussy while I fuck her and Laura can suck off the other guy. Yes.

At the same time Laura was coming up with her own plan. This will only work if we have a four-way. Yes. Dan can fuck me while I suck off Jimmy. But what about Alicia. To heck with her. No. She has to be involved. I've got it. I'll eat her pussy while Dan is fucking me and she can suck off Jimmy. Yes.

Jimmy and Laura, their excitement getting the best of them, began to shout together. "Yes," they cried. "Yes."

<><><><><><>

Alicia took a deep breath, summoned her courage and walked into Jimmy's office ready to tell him it was over between them. When she saw him behind his desk, though, she hesitated, giving him enough time to start talking first.

"Shut the door and come in," he said, his eyes bright with excitement. "I have something to tell you."

Alicia closed the door, sat down and, hoping against hope, asked, "You...you're leaving your wife?"

"Well, no, but I have an idea about that. My wife's boss is very, very flirtatious. He's supposedly really good looking and—here's the best part—single. My wife and I discussed him and you last night..."

"Wait," Alicia said. "You discussed me?"

"You were on my mind," Jimmy said. "I was afraid that if I didn't get the chance just to say your name I'd burst. So, yeah, we discussed you. Anyway, we both concluded that, since you are single and gorgeous, we might get you and her boss together."

Alicia was confused. "But...but why?"

Jimmy leaned back in his chair and smiled. "Have you ever been in a foursome?"

Alicia gasped and, her heart racing, said, "Excuse me?"

"It doesn't matter if you have," Jimmy said. "Look—my wife is a real piece of ass, you are a real piece of ass, her boss is supposedly a stud and, as you know, I am pretty studly myself. So, if four incredibly sexy people get together for a little fun, who know what happens. Just think of the satisfaction you might have fucking me with my wife watching. It would be right under her nose. And, if you're into women, you could eat her pussy while I fuck you and she could suck off her boss. We'll figure something out. What do you think?"

Alicia stared at Jimmy for a long time before she began to laugh. "You're crazy," she said. "But so am I. I like it. What do we do next?"

"If her boss is interested in you, and I'm sure he will be after the buildup Laura is going to give him, he'll make the first move. He will call you. Our plan is to meet for dinner tonight assuming everything is a go. Getting to a foursome may take a couple of weeks but I think it might just happen. Laura has a pretty strong sex urge."

"I'll be waiting for the call," Alicia said. "Until then, though, there will be nothing between us."

"But..."

"No buts," Alicia said. "Especially my butt. Not today."

<><><><>

Instead of avoiding Laura's eyes, as he normally did when she sat down and crossed her legs, Dan Watkins stared straight at her. But his heart was pounding so hard that it took his breath away. Before he could tell Laura that it was over between them, she smiled, winked and said, "I have something interesting to discuss with you."

A momentary thrill raced through Dan's body. "You're leaving your husband?"

Laura rolled her eyes and laughed. "Don't be absurd. Listen. I can't sit here for long. My butt aches so bad. Thanks to what we did yesterday I was able to let him..."

"Please," Dan said. "I don't need details."

"Okay," Laura said. "My husband has an employee who is supposedly very flirtatious. She's also supposedly very hot and—here's the best part—she's single. My husband and I discussed her and you last night..."

Dan sat up like he had been hit by a bolt of lightning. "You talked about me? Don't tell me you showed him the...the video."

"Of course not," Laura said. "But you were on my mind. I was afraid that if I didn't get the chance just to say your name I'd explode. What happened was that my husband and I had a conversation about sexual harassment at work. I made up some story about how you flirted with everyone and how you needed a steady girl. Anyway, we both concluded that, since you are single and a stud, we might get you and his hot employee together."

Dan was confused. "But...but why?"

Laura uncrossed and crossed her legs, making sure Dan had a good look up her skirt. "Have you ever been in a foursome?"

Dan, wondering where the conversation was going, mumbled, "What?"

Laura, excited, leaned forward and in a low, husky voice, whispered, "Look. Let's say you and she hit it off. Let's say we become friends. Let's say we all want to fuck each other. Imagine this in your mind—I'm on my knees and you're fucking me. This other chick is on her knees and I'm eating her pussy and licking her ass while she sucks off my husband. There are so many combinations we could try, but you would finally get what you've been wanting—your cock in my pussy. What do you think?"

"Jesus," Dan said. "That sounds insane."

"So is fucking me in the ass in a conference room during the day and videoing it," Laura said. "What do you say?"

"I...I say okay."

"Good. I'll give you her number and you start things off." Laura laced her fingers behind her head and sighed. "I can almost feel you now."

<><><><>

Alicia picked up her phone on the second ring. "This is Alicia, How may I help you?"

"Alicia," Dan said. "I...uh...this is Dan Watkins. Laura Woodhouse gave me your number and..."

"Oh. My blind date."

"Yeah. I thought if you had some time we could talk a bit."

"I guess. Are you sure you want to do this? You know nothing about me."

"Oh, I'm sure," Dan said. "Based on how Laura described you I have to at least meet you."

"Laura described me? But I've never met her."

"Oh. Well she merely relayed what her husband had to say about you. I guess he kind of views you like a goddess which is interesting because Laura is kind of like a goddess as well."

"Really? That's interesting because Jimmy relayed what Laura had to say about you and she seems to view you like some kind of Greek god."

"Really? Huh. Well, let's talk a bit and get to know each other."

Laura and Dan talked for almost an hour. When she hung up she raced to the ladies' room, locked herself in a stall and fingered herself to an orgasm. "I think I'm gonna like you, Dan."

When he hung up Dan raced to the men's room, locked himself in a stall and jerked off into some tissue paper. "I think I'm gonna like you, Laura."

<><><><>

When the doorbell rang at six o'clock, Alicia smoothed down her dress to make sure it covered—barely—her butt. Then, taking a deep breath, she opened the front door. "You must be Dan," she said. "The description of you that I got hardly does you justice."

"And you must be Alicia," Dan said. "You're sexier than I could ever imagine. I was told you had a fondness for tight clothing but your dress—it's so tight that your panty lines would have to show, no?"

Alicia spun around and smiled. "Did you see any panty lines?"

"Um...no."

"That's because I'm not wearing any," Alicia said.

Dan swallowed hard. "Prove it," he said.

Giggling, Alicia lifted her dress up over her hips.

In a heartbeat Dan cupped his hands under her butt, lifted her off her feet and smashed his lips against hers. Gasping for air Alicia said, "I'm really wound up. I need a good lay."

"You're gonna get one," Dan said. "Or maybe two."

<><><><>

Jimmy and Laura sat at a table in a very exclusive French restaurant becoming increasingly impatient as they waited for Dan and Alicia to show up. After a while the maître d' approached them and, bending over, whispered, "We are very crowded tonight. If the other half of y our party is not going to arrive, perhaps you would be willing to share your table with the couple standing next to my podium."

They looked toward the podium where a tall, muscular black man stood along with a slender black woman who had dreadlocks cascading over her shoulders. 

I've never had a black man, Laura thought.

I've never had a black woman, Jimmy thought.

"Send them over," Jimmy said. "I'm sure we'll get along just fine."