 I sat at my desk and sighed. It had been a hard, stressful day, and as usual I felt as if nothing had been accomplished. There were still articles to edit, phone calls to make, emails to read, and all I really wanted to do was head home and go to bed. 

Actually, what I really wanted to do was go to bed with Steve, a 30-something handsome assistant hired to help me with my overload of work. He has been working with me for a week now, and ever since I met him I have had the hots for his well-built bod. It didn't help that he was also a very sweet guy with a cheerful smile. I always felt happier whenever he was nearby, not to mention an awful lot hornier as well.

I tried to focus on my work. I realized that I had just read the same paragraph six times over, and I was supposed to have it edited by 5pm. I sighed again and tried to put my distracting thoughts about Steve out of my mind. Of course, that didn't last very long when Steve knocked at my door and entered with another folder in his hand, and closed the door behind him like he always does. He always looked so damn good, just the sight of his presence aroused me, and just as it did again, I felt my cheeks redden, and my heart beginning to thud in my chest. 

"Mrs. Anderson says she needs this done ASAP." Steve said, offering the folder across the desk to me. 

I rolled my eyes in frustration. "Uh... like I don't have enough already in front of me," I grumbled. Then taking the report from my handsome assistant, I smiled at him and said, "Ah, don't mind me. Thanks, Steve."

"Hard day, I see," he said, grinning back at me. You could probably do with a vacation."

"Don't you know it," I laughed. "A permanent one!"

"Your shoulders look tense. You need to take a break and relax. Actually, I think I know just what you need." Steve walked around my desk and stood behind my chair. Then he placed his warm hands on my shoulder and began to rub the knotted muscles in them. "I'm studying remedial massage," he said. 

I knew that letting an employee massage my neck and shoulders at work wasn't the most appropriate thing for me to be doing. The company has strong regulations about anything that could possibly lead towards sexual harassment between bosses and their assistants, but at the moment, I didn't care. His fingers were working magic with my shoulders, and his very presence was playing havoc on my better judgment. I could smell his scent, and it was igniting an intense yearning within the very core of my body.

I glanced around the office. The blinds were closed, and the door was shut. I knew that after this moment, I couldn't possibly do any more work. The only thing on my mind was how much I wanted Steve to make love to me. My blinding lust was so convincing that I decided to take one of the biggest risks of my career.

"You know, Steve," I started as nonchalantly as I could. "I like what you're doing with your fingers. Would you mind terribly if I sexually harassed you?"

He stopped moving for a moment, which, of course, brought a moment of panic in me, wondering if I said more than I should have. "Err... what kind of harassment were you planning?" he asked. 

It took a couple of moments to register the acquiescence in his voice, but finally I relaxed enough to tell him, "Well, I was hoping to sexually harass you all over my desk, if possible."  

His hands slipped down the front of my shoulders and cupped my breasts, and I breathed in sharply as his fingers tweaked my nipples through my white dress. "Hmmm, nice!" he said. "I don't think that would be a problem. I certainly wouldn't file a complaint about it." 

He leaned down over my shoulder, and I turned my head up towards him, parting my lips for his. His lips were soft and wet, and I reveled in the kiss which was insistent, but still gentle, and I breathed in the scent of him with glee. Within moments, the heat was too much to sit still for, and he had me out of my chair and pushed back onto the desk, our mouths still hungrily joined, and we began to paw at each other's clothing, knocking things off the desk in the process. 

My heart was thumping wildly. My boss, or any other workmate could walk in at any moment, unannounced, and catch us in the act, but I couldn't stop. I didn't want to stop. Steve was mine now, and I could feel eager passion rushing through my veins. I wanted him, and I wanted him right that very instant!

His hand slid up my thigh, leaving tingling echoes in its wake. He tugged my panties down and pushed me flat onto the desk, opening my legs and admiring my now exposed pussy. Within seconds he had buried his face between my thighs, plunging his wet tongue into my folds. I was wet moments before, but I literally dripped when his tongue went to work on me. My passion and pleasure soared as he began to lick my clit with expert strokes.

I put my hand over my mouth, worried that I would moan too loudly as the pleasure steamed through my arteries. Steve obviously know what he was doing, because I felt an orgasm building quickly. When he grabbed my clit between his teeth and inserted a finger into my cunt, it overcame me, and I came so hard that I actually squirted. 

Still panting, I lifted my head and noticed the need in Steve's eyes. I scrambled to my feet and bent over the desk, tearing a runner into my stockings, presenting my ass to his gaze. I heard him unzip and take out his cock, then groaned as he pushed it into me, sliding his hard flesh all the way up to the hilt. 

Steve put his hands on my hips and began to move his cock in and out. I reached around and began to stroke my swollen clit. As Steve pushed harder and faster, I felt another orgasm swelling. I couldn't believe how good it felt to have him inside of me, and how crazy it felt to be doing it in my office, on my desk!

With a shudder, my climax arrived, and my cunt clenched around his hot cock. Within seconds, Steve followed my example, bucking against me with pleasure swelling his veins, he came inside of me, filling me with a hot load of cum that quenched my pussy to the max. 

As hot as it was, it was all over too soon, and we collapsed together, breathing heavily. 

Steve stood and zipped his pants, while I slipped my panties back on and straightened my dress and hair. 

"Steve," I said as I sat back down in my chair, acting like nothing happened, "would you be available for some overtime tonight. I have another chore for you, at my house, and my bed is much better suited for sexual harassment..."