 Alicia Hernandez sashayed into James Woodhouse's office with a sly smile on her face. She was a short, slender, dark-haired, dark-eyed Puerto Rican woman wearing a miniskirt, stacked heels and loose white silk blouse that showed more than just a hint of the swell of her breasts, breasts that were clearly unfettered by a bra. James's heart went into overtime when she eased into a chair next to his desk, her skirt riding up high on her thighs.

She crossed her legs, revealing more of her thighs, and whispered, "Are you staring at my tits?"

"Alicia—"

"Are you?"

"What do you think?"

"I think you are. Do you want to suck on them? I'd love you to do that. My nipples are getting so hard they hurt. I want you to kiss them and make them better."

Stammering, James said, "A...Alicia. Jesus. S...sexual harassment goes both ways, you know."

Alicia leaned closer to James's face and formed her lips into an O. "Oooh, are you gonna report me, Mister Woodhouse? Oooh, please don't report me, Mister Woodhouse."

James ran his tongue over his lips, his gaze riveted on Alicia's hard, dark nipples that were now clearly visible through the flimsy material of her blouse. "Please..." he groaned.

"Please what? Please suck my cock? Is that what you're thinking?"

James ran his the palms of his hand over his eyes. Without looking at Alicia he mumbled, "Yes. That's what I'm thinking."

"Good. Are you going to run at lunch?"

"Yes."

"I'll meet you outside. Look for me. Look hard." Alicia laughed and flipped her hips from side to side as she left his office.

"Jesus," James whispered. "You are really playing with fire, do you know that?"



Alicia was waiting for him, more naked than dressed, her nipples leaving outlines in her running bra. She smiled and stared James, his hard dick apparent even under his baggy shorts. "Are you ready to run, Mister Woodhouse?" Without waiting for an answer, she waved her ever-present towel at him and took off down the street. 

James ran behind her, marveling at the sight in front of him—a magnificently firm ass barely covered by skin-tight running shorts. It wasn't that Alicia's butt jiggled, a site he really enjoyed on other women, it was that it didn't jiggle that excited him. So firm—so tight! 

They ran three long blocks and then up a long hill that led to a city park. Once in the park, Alicia led James to a sawdust-covered path that wound through densely wooded parkland. After a quarter of a mile, she stopped, turned around and waited for him. The moment he caught up to her, she grabbed his hand and led him through the underbrush to a large oak tree that was at least three feet wide. Safely out of sight, she pushed him against the tree, shoved her hands under his tee shirt and lifted it over his head. Lifting her running bra over her head, she tossed it aside and pressed her small, hard breasts against his chest. 

"Oh, God, Jimmy," she whispered. "I love the feeling of your skin on mine." They pressed their lips together in an amorous kiss, their tongues mingling. Alicia slid her hands into the elastic waistband of James's shorts and pushed them to his ankles—then, grabbing his hands, she shoved them inside of the back of her shorts. "Take them off me, Jimmy. Take them off me." 

James didn't care if anyone saw them or not. He pushed her shorts down and cupped the hot flesh of her butt, pulling her toward him. She ground her pelvis against the underside of his cock, her pubic hair caressing him, his stiff dick massaging her clit. He pulled harder as she wrapped her arms around his neck and drove her tongue in deeper. He exploded against her, coating her stomach with his hot cum and sending electric shocks through her body. 

They rested, their hearts pounding, their hands never moving from their appointed places. 

"Did you like that, Jimmy?" 

"Of course, but...damn, Alicia. I want to make love to you. I'm tired of hand jobs and blow jobs and...and whatever you call what we just did. I want you, Alicia." 

Alicia giggled and rotated her upper torso, spreading his creamy, sticky fluid across their bodies. "You're tired of blow jobs, are you?" 

"You know what I mean, Alicia." 

"Are you tired of fucking the crack of my ass, too?" 

"Alicia..." 

Alicia gave him a quick kiss, scooped up some of his jism and spread it on his cock. She turned around and nestled his dick between her ass cheeks. She hissed at him as she slid up and down, making sure his cock slid over her tight hole. "Are you? Are you tired of this?" 

He knew—James knew that one look at her ass and his cock sliding up and down between her twin mounds would be all that it took. He looked but his lust was too much. He sent a stream of hot cum onto her back, moaning and trembling as he did. Alicia shuddered with pleasure, pressing hard against him, trying to squeeze out all that she could. After the satisfying aftershocks of an orgasm left her, she bent down and handed James her towel. "Clean my back, will you? Then I'll clean the rest of us up." 

He should have been happy, but all James felt was emptiness. He wanted her so much, but this was the best he would get. After he cleaned her back, he handed her the towel to let her wipe the now sticky paste off his stomach and hers. 

She pulled up her shorts and smiled at him. "I love that you always come twice, Jimmy. I love that. Let me know when you leave your wife, okay? Then you can fuck me. You can fuck me any way you like, but not until then." 

James watched as she trotted away from him. Would he leave his wife? Ever? He knew he wouldn't because, as sexual as Alicia was, his wife was even more so. She had a hold on him he couldn't shake.