 Alicia Hernandez was not in a good mood when she went to the gym after work. Her mood worsened as she lay on her stomach and did leg curl after leg curl to make sure her ass stayed as hard as a rock. She wondered why she bothered, though. What's the point? So Jimmy can fuck your ass cheeks and shoot cum on your back? He'll never leave his wife. You know that.

Her concentration, as well as her fury, was broken by a male voice. "Man," a guy said. "You sure put a lot of effort into those."

"Oh...uh...well, I want to be sure..."

"You can be sure," the guy said. "Your...um...derriere is about as perfect as I've ever seen. I hope you don't mind me telling you that."

"I don't mind," Alicia said. Sensing an opportunity to be a tease, she added, "I've heard that a lot, you know. What's your name?"

"Ken, and yours?"

"Alicia."

"Would you like to get a drink somewhere?"

Alicia weighed the pros and cons of the opportunity just handed to her. She could remain in her sweaty, skimpy outfit of tight shorts and workout bra or she could waste a lot of time taking a shower, changing and so on. No—she wanted to get laid and in a hurry. That was one of the problems with messing around with Jimmy. She was satisfied in the moment but left as horny as hell for the rest of the day. "No," she said. "I don't think so. I'd have to shower, change and all that," Alicia said. "I think I'll just head home."

"Oh," Ken said. "Well, let me grab my bag and I'll walk you to your car."

"Okay," Alicia said. Ken had taken the bait. When she picked up her gym bag, Alicia took a longer look at him. He was a gym rat for sure—ripped with big arms and, undoubtedly, a big prick. Perhaps her day wouldn't be such a disappointment after all.

Alicia's car was toward the back of the parking lot where it was bathed in light from a defective lamppost. The light somehow reacted with her white sports bra rendering it almost transparent. When she got to her car, Alicia turned around and batted her eyelids at Ken. "I guess I should have changed," she said. "It's pretty chilly out here."

"Yeah," Ken said. "I like what it's doing to your nipples, though."

Alicia raised an eyebrow. "Excuse me?"

"Your top is giving me a pretty good show," Ken said. "The cold seems to have turned your nipples into hard little rocks."

"Not just my nipples," Alicia said. "My tits as well. As you can tell, little is the operative word."

"Anything more than a mouthful is too much," Ken said. "Perhaps you'd like me to warm them up for you."

"Perhaps I would," Alicia said.

That was all the encouragement Ken needed. He lifted Alicia's bra up, bent his head and sucked one of her breasts into his mouth. Alicia moaned when the warmth of his caress flowed into her body. She arched her back while at the same time fumbling with the waistband of his workout shorts. When his stiff prick was freed, she grabbed it with one hand and pushed her own shorts down with her other hand. Ken grabbed her under the butt, lifted her in the air and deposited her on his hard cock. 

"Fuck," he said. "You're really wet. Hot and wet."

"Stop talking and start fucking," Alicia said.

"Yes ma'am," Ken snarled. He pressed Alicia up against the hood of her car and slammed into her.

"Harder," she moaned. "Faster. Finger my asshole."

"Jesus Christ," Ken said as he gasped for air.

Alicia wrapped her legs around Ken's body and squeezed as hard as she could, clamping down at the same time with her well-trained vaginal muscles. "That's it," she moaned. "That's it."

In less than two minutes Ken pressed into Alicia as deep as he could, unleashing a river of cum inside her. Alicia, feeling the heat of his spray, stifled a shout as an orgasm tore through her. Another minute passed while they both regained their composure. Finally Alicia unwrapped her legs and slid off Ken.

"That was great," she said. "Raw and primitive. No pretense."

"Yeah," Ken said. I wish my wife fucked like you do."

"Your...your wife? You're married?"

"Yeah," Ken said. "Aren't you?"

Alicia gave Ken a shove. "No," she said. "Get lost."

Without bothering to put on her gym shorts she climbed into her car and peeled out of the parking lot. "I'm done with married men," she mumbled. "Done."

<><><><><><>

Dan Watkins was in full moping mood when he wandered into the bar at the local Hilton Inn. Dan never drank outside of home. He hated paying four dollars for a beer when he could buy a whole six pack for twice that amount. Today, though, he just wanted to sip a beer and think about Laura. His mind wandered back to his conference room session with Laura and how he videoed their anal sex. It was an unbelievable experience, one he would never forget, but he was thinking that it might be time to forget about Laura. He was convinced that she would never leave her husband.

His remembrances were interrupted first by the smell of perfume and then by a husky female voice. "Rough day?"

He looked to his right where a fortyish, attractive, blue-eyed blonde sat sipping a glass of wine.

"Yeah," he said. "You might say that."

"Are you staying here?"

"Uh...no. I work across the street and felt the need to sit in semi-darkness nursing a beer."

The woman laughed. "Sounds like trouble with a woman. Me—I'm stuck here on business. Normally it takes less than five minutes for some creep to hit on me when I sit alone so, when I saw you, I thought I'd take advantage of the fact that you didn't hit on me."

"Well," Dan said. "I guess that works for me."

"So," the blonde said. "What happened?"

"You wouldn't believe me if I told you," Dan said.

"Try me."

"Okay. You asked for it. I went to a conference room with a married employee and fucked her in the ass while I videoed it...at her request, that is."

The blonde raised an eyebrow and gasped. "Jesus. That's...um...interesting. In fact that little story kind of turned me on. Are you up for a little more sex?"

"Are you serious?"

"Very."

"Damn right I am."

"Follow me, then."

Dan trotted behind the blonde like a puppy dog. Once in the hotel elevator she pushed him against the wall and drove her tongue into his mouth. "You're not gonna fuck me in the ass, okay? I just want to make that clear."

"Got it," Dan said.

She led him to her room, shoved him down onto the bed, pulled down his pants for free his cock, reached under her dress to remove her panties and practically jumped on top of him. "I'm so fuckin' horny," she said. "I'm gonna come soon. I wanna feel your seed in me so try to come with me."

Dan struggled not to laugh. My seed? Shit. That was straight out of a bad porno film. "Don't worry," he said. "I'm about to...mmmm....fuck."

"I feel you," the blonde cried. "Oooh. I feel your seed."

Dan mentally tried to figure out how long they had actually been fucking. A minute? Perhaps the next round would last longer. "Why don't you get undressed," he said. "We can take our time and..."

"No," the blonde said. "I gotta clean up and you gotta go. I'm picking up my husband at the airport in an hour. Can't have your jism in me, you know?"

"Your...your husband?"

"Yeah. He sucks in bed so I wanted a quickie. You don't mind, do you?"

Dan stood up and yanked up his pants. "Why should I mind? Guess I'll go."

When he closed the hotel room door behind him he sighed. "I didn't even get her name. Whatever. I'm done with married women. Done."