 "I've got a new kind of therapy that I'd like to try with you Andy," said Jenny. Jenny Addison is the therapist I've been seeing for the last six months for my addiction. Not drugs, alcohol or even food. It was sex. Porn and masturbation, specifically. It had become quite an obsession with me. It had been for many years. I finally decided to get help.

I found her completely at random through an on-line search. I did a Google search of porn addiction counseling in my town and she was one of the first names. Her picture was there too. Beautiful young woman. Mid 30's, long brown hair, blue eyes, very pretty face. She also had an incredible body. Perfect in every way. Great curves. Breasts were not small, but not big either. Nice round ass, and as far as I could tell, trim, shapely legs. She wore loose fitting clothes and didn't dress sexy in any way. Business casual, I suppose, so it wasn't obvious. I could still imagine it though. But I wasn't there for that kind of thing. I was there to get help. I was a little uncomfortable at first. I thought with my issues, I would have difficulty telling her all of my secrets. But it was easy. She was very understanding and completely non-judgmental. She has helped me a great deal.

"I've been attending some workshops over the last few weeks and learning about a revolutionary, yet unusual technique for clients with your issues," she said. It's a bit unorthodox, but clinical trials have shown it to be quite effective." 

"Well don't keep me in suspense, what is it?" 

"Hold on, I'm going to tell you. But it also involves some physical contact. Are you OK with that?"

"Um, sure, that's fine." I assumed it was some kind of touch therapy like holding my hands during my session or laying on of hands on my head.

"Great! Let's get started then. I'm sure this will do you a world of good, and I guarantee you'll enjoy it."

I didn't know what to make of this, but so far, she hasn't steered me wrong. I watched her stand up and walk over and stand in front of me. She reached up to her blouse and began to unbutton it.

"What are you doing?" I exclaimed. 

"It helps if you just let the therapy proceed without questioning anything," she said with a smile. "I went through extensive training and got the special license from the state that permits me to do this. Now relax, and follow my directions."

As I processed this, she continued to unbutton her blouse and took it off. She was wearing a black bra. Her stomach was flat and muscular, but still very feminine. She reached around, undid the clasps in the back, and took off her bra. "Wow, they're beautiful," I said. That was an understatement. They were gorgeous! Round, and firm, but still very soft looking. Her nipples and aureoles were a light tan and protruding slightly.

"Shh, just follow along," she said softly.

The white noise machine she used during the sessions was making its whooshing sounds. She slipped off her shoes and began to pull down her loose fitting leggings. She stood in front of me wearing nothing but black panties. Those came off last. Her legs we perfect. Smooth, toned, and long. Athletic looking, but not too muscular. Between her soft thighs was a pussy covered in chestnut brown hair. It was full, but not thick. She had it trimmed to the bikini line.

"Give me your hand," she said. She took my right hand and placed it gently upon her right breast. 

"Oh, they're cold!" she exclaimed. Not to worry, your whole body will be warming up soon enough. Now slowly move you hand down my body and stop just above my feet. But don't look away from my face."

She was right. I was getting warm. I could feel my cheeks flush. Mostly from arousal, but partly from astonishment. "Is this really happening?" I thought. 

I moved my hand to her left breast. It was firm and soft at the same time. I moved my hand down her taut stomach and down to her pussy. The hair was so soft. 

"Don't go between my legs just yet," she said. "Just feel the texture of the hair."

I did exactly as she said while continuing to look into her bright blue eyes. She had a slight smile and her lips were parted. My cock was pushing against my pants. I reached around and cupped her ass. It, like the rest of her, was smooth and firm. Perfectly rounded. I could envision it with my hands alone. I moved my hand back around to her pussy, stroked it one last time and continued down her legs. As nice as they looked, they felt even better. Not a single stray hair or hint of stubble. She put her right leg on the arm of my chair so I wouldn't have to lean over to caress her equally smooth calf and could keep my gaze fixed upon her face.

Finally, my journey was over. I reached her ankle. She took my hand, put her leg back down, leaned forward, caressed my cheek and kissed me. It was a soft, gentle kiss. Her tongue slid into my mouth and touched the tip of my tongue. In and out it darted, just barely touching my tongue with each gentle thrust. It lasted for about ten or fifteen seconds. It could have gone on for the next hour and I wouldn't have cared. 

"Come this way," she said. She took my hand, turned around, and led me to her chair. Did I say her ass was stunning? Well it was. Just as I had imagined it when I had it in my hand. She grabbed a cushion and put it on the floor in front of her chair. She sat down while I continued to stand in front of her. By now, my cock was tenting the front of my pants.

"Don't worry, we'll take care of that soon enough," she said as she looked at my crotch and smiled. Once again, my face flushed. I knew she saw it by then. 

"Thank you," I said sheepishly. " I was hoping we would".

"What an idiot!" I thought to myself.

My embarrassment didn't last long. She put one leg on each arm of her chair and sat there spread open in front of me. 

"Now kneel on the pillow" I had some idea of what was next and did what I was told. 

"Describe what you see," she said.

"I see the most beautiful pussy I've ever seen." And I wasn't exaggerating. The supple brown hair and pink lips. She was also slightly moist. 

"Now lean forward until your mouth just touches the hair on my pussy"

As I did that, she reached down with both hands and gently spread her lips. She was already wet inside. The hole was slightly open. The scent of it was so sexy. Lightly perfumed along with her own natural scent. I couldn't wait to hear what next she wanted me to do, though I had a pretty good idea.

"Now start by licking my clit," she whispered. Gently."

I stuck out my tongue and did what I was told. She tasted as wonderful as she looked. Slightly salty, but otherwise, not much else. As I gently licked, I felt her clitoris get harder and larger. It was protruding from underneath its hood. Without being told, I put my whole mouth over it and began to gently suck on it. I felt her body shudder as I did this.

"Ohhh, that's nice," she said softly with a slight moan. "Keep doing that and lick it also until I tell you what to do next."

As I continued to lick and suck, she pulled my face closer into her crotch. She began to move her hips in rhythm with my tongue. My face was buried in the soft fur of her pussy. I could feel her smooth thighs against my cheek. Her scent was getting stronger. "Now suck on the lips. Suck them and then back up to my clit." 

Her hips moved even more. Her pussy was pressed right up against my nose. Her juices were flowing. I knew she was getting close. 

"Now stick your tongue into my hole, as deep as you can and lick me inside." 

As per her instructions, I did just that. As I moved away from her now fully engorged clit, she released her lips and began to rub it with her right index finger. I could see her dark, blue nail polish shine even more from her soaked pussy. Her juices were flowing along my tongue and down my chin. Her hips moved even faster. Her breathing became more rapid. Her moans were getting louder. Good thing for the white noise machine. Then it happened. She began to come. The walls of her pussy started pulsating and squeezing tightly around my tongue. Her pussy juice actually squirted into my face.

"Oh yesss, yes, so good!" The throbbing of her pussy and the gyrations of her hips continued for another 10 seconds or so before slowing down. Finally, after nearly half a minute, they stopped.

She sat there for a moment, her breath slowly returning to normal. Between her legs, the chair cushion was dark with her juices. She slowly brought her legs together, stood up, turned around, and faced the chair. I was still kneeling on the cushion, my nose and chin glistening with her juices, and an incredible hard-on between my legs.

"I'm glad you're my last client for the day, Andy. "I never thought you would get me to squirt like that. I guess I'm going to have to clean that up," she said with a slight giggle.

I was thrilled to have done that, but I hope she didn't intend to send me home like this and make me jerk off again. Besides, I still had a half hour left in my session.

"Now stand up, walk over to the couch, turn around, and face me," she said. She sounded like a teacher. Like she was giving instructions for a lab experiment. You couldn't tell that just moments before, she was writhing with pleasure.

" Sit down on the couch." I did as I was told. 

She sat down next to me and looked down at my bulging crotch. She smiled. Without a word, she undid my belt, unbuttoned my jeans, and pulled my zipper down. My cock was straining against my underwear. 

"How do you feel, Andy?"

I didn't know what to say, but I had to say something. 

"Anxious?"

What I really wanted to say was horny as hell, but I didn't . My wife had given up sex almost a year ago and Jenny instructed me not to look at porn or masturbate since my last visit with her a week ago. Now I understood why. I was literally ready to explode!

"No need to feel anxious Andy, she said gently. I'm a professional and I only have your best interests in mind. Now, stand up and take off your clothes and sit back down next to me."

I followed her directions. My cock was sticking straight out and slightly up. I sat down next to her. She reached over and wrapped her right hand around my hard penis. Her hand was so soft and cool. She slowly started to stroke it.

She only did a few strokes before she stopped and stood up again. 

"Lie back on the couch and relax. The best and most therapeutic portion is about to happen."

My thoughts were racing. "Oh my gosh, she's going to fuck me!" I thought. I couldn't believe this. How could this be therapy?"

Next thing I knew, she was climbing on top of me. She again gently took my cock in her hand. She squatted above me, holding my cock against her pussy. She rubbed it against the soft hair. The anticipation was maddening. Finally, she lifted herself up slightly and guided me inside her. As she lowered herself onto me, I could feel my cock sliding into her. It was so soft, wet, warm and surprisingly tight for a woman in her mid thirties.

"Isn't it wonderful, Andy? A real vagina instead of a pocket pussy? Real love making instead of the fake stuff you see in porn?"

As she was saying this, she was gently riding up and down on me. She took my hands and placed them on her breasts. Her nipples were hard. She moaned softly in rhythm to her motions. I looked down and saw my cock slipping in and out of her pussy. I began to move my hips up and down using her motions for proper timing. My cock was glistening with her juices as the hair around her opening was getting more wet. She stated to ride faster. Her moans became louder. I began to moan also.

She leaned forward and took my hands from her breasts. "Grab my ass cheeks," she panted. 

As I did that she leaned all the way down. Her long brown hair was falling against my face. I was gently squeezing her ass and she was grinding her hips instead of just riding me. The feeling was intense. I didn't know how much longer I could last. 

"Try not to come yet, Andy. This has to last a while longer in order to help you." 

I concentrated. I went somewhere else in my head, with my eyes closed. I could still feel her tight pussy, but it helped not to see what was going on. Suddenly, she leaned forward and started to kiss me. Not like before though. This time is was more forceful. Her tongue thrust into my mouth and licked all around inside. I returned the favor. 

As we kissed, she alternated the grinding motions with the riding. Faster and harder she moved. 

"Ohh yes, ohh!" She was almost yelling. 

"Oh wow, ride me baby!" I exclaimed. 

She kept riding and groaning in pleasure. I answered with my own wordless sounds. Closer and closer. The feeling rose first in my stomach. The warmth was spreading. I couldn't last any longer. My body tensed up and the orgasm burst out of me. I was shouting in ecstasy. The cum was pumping into her like a fire hose. At the same moment, she shouted, "OH ANDY, I'M COMING!" She bore down on me as I pushed deeper into her. Her pussy was squeezing my dick like a vice. Her whole body was shaking. We locked lips and kissed as passionately as before. My cock pulsed. Her pussy was contracting like crazy. She kept grinding and riding as if she wanted to squeeze every drop out of me. I've never felt an orgasm like this before. It was almost spiritual. 

Finally it was subsiding. The throbbing in my cock was slowing. Her movements became slower. It was over. We lay together with her still on top of me. I was still inside of her, my cock still twitching, but the erection was waning. The only sounds were of the two of us catching our breath and the white noise machine.

After a few minutes like this, she climbed off of me, my now limp cock flopping out of her dripping pussy. There was a small stream of cum mixed with her own juices running down the inner thigh of her left leg. 

"C'mon, let's clean up," she said. We went into the bathroom adjoining her office and did just that. Afterwards, we went back into her office and got dressed. 

"OK, that was wonderful, I said. Probably the best sex I've ever had. But what kind of therapy is this?"

"Like I said, very unorthodox, but proven very effective. It's meant to show you how real, passionate sex can cure even the most difficult cases. The therapy lasts for 6 months on a bi-weekly basis. After the 6 months, we check the progress and reduce the frequency to once a month. That continues for an additional 6 months. This therapy has a one hundred percent success rate after the year is up. All sessions are recorded and you will keep the only copy of the recordings at the end of the 12 months. You can refer back to it as needed."

"You mean we get to do this again, for a whole year?" I was incredulous but excited at the prospect of sex with my beautiful therapist for the next 12 months.

"Of course," she laughed. Therapy like this must be done slowly and carefully. It took you years to get to this point and it takes a while to cure it. Now that you know this, do you wish to continue?"

"Well I do want to get better, I said with a mischievous smile. And if this really works, I'd be a fool to say no. Especially with insurance covering the sessions." 

"Very well then. I'll see you next Monday at 5:00?"

As I was writing the check for my co-pay, I said "Next Monday and every week after." 

"And I promise, I'll never miss an appointment."