 It had been a long year for Dan. The longest, most difficult of his life. His wife of 15 years - Emily, the love of his life and mother of his two beautiful daughters - had passed away two months ago, after a long and grueling battle with breast cancer. Now that the funeral and the initial chaos of it all was over, the reality of it all had begun to set in. She wasn't coming back. Things would never really be normal again. He was on his own. 

And that's why he had come back here, to Montana, to where he had grown up. The only reason he'd ever agreed to live out East was because his wife was from there and she couldn't stand the thought of moving far away from her family. But that wasn't an obstacle any more and now, more than ever, Dan needed to be where his heart was, where his family and best friends still lived, in Missoula. He'd flown out without the girls (who were with his wife's parents) so he could interview for jobs and try to find a house for them. As much as he hated to leave them so soon after their mother had died, he really badly needed some time without them, to get his head right and to figure some things out. And it would only be a week. 

Rather than stay at a hotel, he'd taken up his friend Mark's offer to let him stay at his place. Mark was Dan's best friend since middle school, and his wife, Alana, was a wonderful person who had been very close with Emily. They had both insisted that Dan stay with them in their amazing log cabin. They had no kids and plenty of room, and Dan really liked the idea of staying out on their ranch, which reminded him a lot of the property he'd grown up on, the one his parents had sold years ago. It was absolutely beautiful, the grass fields, the evergreen trees, the mountains in the background. He'd forgotten how much he loved Montana. There was nowhere better to clear his head.

But it was clear that Mark and Alana, like everyone else, didn't quite know how to act around him. Everything was tentative, like they didn't want to do or say the wrong thing, like they thought they had to be serious and somber instead of their normal funny and fun-loving selves. So Dan did his best to encourage them to just be themselves and to treat him like they would have if nothing had happened. 

It took them a while, but by the second night, they had adjusted to his presence and were acting much more like the couple he'd known for so long. Mark grilled up dinner, cracked an occasional joke (though not as many as he normally would), and Alana, who was one of the more beautiful people Dan had ever met, inside and out, was a little closer to her normal effervescent self. 

Dan had always been a little captivated by Alana, though he'd tried his hardest not let it show around Emily. Alana was a professional masseuse. And she was gorgeous. She had long curly brown hair that went halfway down her chest and made her look a little like Alannis Morrisette, which was funny given the similarity of their names. She was much prettier than Alannis, though, with striking features and plenty of curves. And like a lot of people in Missoula, she had just a bit of hippy in her, often looking like she just stepped off the set of Dazed & Confused. Tonight she wore a loose, backless shirt that tied around her neck and showed quite a bit of her ample chest. 

As beautiful as she was, it was her personality that really captivated Dan. Though she didn't have any kids of her own, she had a very nurturing, motherly aura to her and an effortless charm. She was the kind of person who seemed completely comfortable in her own skin, not remotely arrogant, but the kind of person who Dan could not imagine hid any insecurities or ever felt shy or inhibited. 

As Mark worked at the grill, Dan sat on the porch, admiring the view. It was a perfect early summer day and the view of the mountains was stunning. He felt an arm around his neck. It was Alana coming up from behind him, a beer in her hand. He took the beer and thanked her, but she kept her arm around his neck and sat down next to him on the porch, leaning her head against his shoulder. 

"I'm so glad you decided to stay with us, Dan. You know how much we love you, right?"

"I do," Dan replied, "And I'm glad I came. I'd forgotten how beautiful it is here." As Dan said that, he glanced down to his side. With Alana leaning in to him the way she was, he could see straight down her shirt. She was not wearing a bra and the view was almost as beautiful as the mountains in front of him. 

The sight of her breasts and the warm contact of her body against his caused a stirring inside him that he hadn't felt in a long time. It had been a long time since Dan had had any intimate contact. Emily had been sick for a long time before she died, too sick for sex. How long had it been since he'd done anything but jerk off? Nine months? A year? Whatever it was, it was too long. Dan could feel himself getting an erection, which was a little embarrassing. 

He stood up, maybe a little too abruptly, and walked over to talk to Matt. He hoped he hadn't offended Alana.

Despite that brief moment of awkwardness, they went on to have a pleasant night, the best one Dan had had since Emily died. The grilled trout was amazing and they each had quite a bit to drink, which helped them overcome the awkwardness and find that old familiar dynamic, or at least a reasonably close facsimile. 

That night, as he lay in his bed in the guest bedroom, Dan heard Mark and Alana. The house was a genuine log cabin, with walls dividing the rooms, but no ceiling other than the top of the A-frame itself. So sound carried easily across the house. It began with the rhythmic sound of a bed creaking, soon followed by a soft moaning, which grew steadily louder and more insistent. They were clearly having sex. And the acoustics of the house made it feel like Dan was in the room with them. It was the most voyeuristic thing Dan had ever experienced. He felt like he was an intruder, that he was violating his friends' privacy. But he was also instantly and intensely aroused. He felt like a man who hadn't eaten in two weeks and had suddenly walked into the kitchen of an italian restaurant. His libido, which had been buried deep down by the hardship and grief of the last year, had suddenly reawakened, and with a vengeance.

Dan pulled off the sheets and shimmied his boxers down, freeing his rock hard erection. As Alana's moaning grew louder, he stroked his cock furiously. As she seemed to climax, so did he, letting out an involuntary groan that he only afterward realized must have been audible to Mark and Alana. As he lay there, soaked in his own cum, the house was silent. 

...

The next morning Dan slept in. He'd had a little too much to drink. By the time he made it downstairs, Mark had already left for the day. Alana was sitting at the kitchen table, drinking a cup of coffee. When she saw Dan, she gave him a big smile and got up to pour him a cup. 

"How are you feeling?" she asked, "you had quite a bit last night."

"Not great, actually. I think I'm getting old. I can't hold my liquor any more."

She smiled again, "I'm sorry we kept giving you drinks. But I think you needed it."

She was right. Last night was the closest Dan had felt to 'normal' in a long time. It was absolutely what he'd needed.

"I tell you what," she continued, "I think I know what'll make you feel better. Let me give you a massage today. I don't have to work until this afternoon."

"I don't know know, Alana. I appreciate the offer, but..."

"Oh come on, Dan. Don't overthink this. I'm good at what I do. You'll feel better afterward."

Dan felt a little awkward about having his best friend's wife give him a massage. But she was a professional and he was just another client. And he didn't really feel like arguing with her. 

"Okay, why not," he finally said.

...

A half hour later, Dan walked into the living room, where Alanna had set up her massage table. As instructed, he was wearing just a towel wrapped around his waist. And he felt very awkward about it. He'd never had a professional massage before and had no idea what was normal. Alana smiled as he entered the room. She was wearing a white one-piece cover up that tied around her neck, the kind of thing women wore over their bathing suits at the beach, but he wasn't sure what (if anything) she had on underneath it. It fit her snuggly, accentuating her curves, and it ended mid-thigh. Dan felt a stirring in his groin and was suddenly aware of how little material he had covering his penis. He looked away, hoping to eliminate the source of the stimulation. 

"Hop on the table, Dan, and lie on your stomach. You can let the towel drape down."

Dan did what he was told, thankful to be on his stomach. He undid the knot in the towel and let it drape down over the table, his balls and semi-erect penis making direct contact with the cool vinyl surface of the table. 

Alanna squirted some oil onto her hands and walked over to him. The second she touched his shoulders it felt like a jolt of electricity shooting through him. God, how he'd missed human touch, real skin-on-skin contact. Just that little bit of contact was enough to make him erect. He shifted his position a little to give his cock some space. 

"Did that hurt?" she asked, probably noticing his squirming. 

"Oh god no. It feels great. I'm just...well...it's been a while since anyone's touched me like that." 

As soon as the words came out, Dan wished he could take them back. The way he said it made it sound sexual, which is not what he had intended. But Alana was the kind of person who seemed immune to awkward moments, the kind of person who took everything in stride. And this was no exception.

"I completely understand, Dan." Her tone was immediately reassuring, calm, unfazed. "Human touch is a basic need, like food or water or shelter. You can only go so long without it."

As her hands moved from his shoulders to his back and sides, Dan had to acknowledge the truth of her words. He needed this in the worst way. After massaging his lower back, she moved all the way down to the end of the table and began massaging his toes and feet. 

She slowly worked her way up his legs, eventually reaching his hamstrings. She hadn't said much up until that point, but it wasn't an awkward silence. Dan felt completely relaxed. As she began working his hamstrings, she began to talk again.

"You know, Dan, I think we owe you an apology. We're not used to having guests here and we forget how sound travels in this place." 

Dan froze. She was talking about the sex last night, wasn't she? With anyone else, Dan would have been mortified and tried to end the conversation as soon as possible. But something about Alana was disarming; he never seemed to fear where a conversation might go.

She continued, "We had a good time with you last night, and more to drink than we normally do, and, well, we weren't really thinking. I hope we didn't make things awkward for you." 

For a moment, Dan considered playing dumb, acting like he didn't know what she was talking about. But what was the point? Plus, he suspected his own climax had been audible as well, in which case, she'd know he was lying. So he decided to just be honest.

"You don't have to be sorry. It's your house, and I'd hate to think that I was cramping your style by being here. And ... well ... if I've learned anything over the last couple years, it's that life is short. Too short to pass up moments like that." Tears welled up in Dan's eyes and he barely got those last words out.

A moment later, he felt Alana's lips press against his cheek. "You're a wonderful person, Dan."

She resumed the massage, getting progressively higher up his leg. His erection, which had disappeared for a while, was soon back with full force. Then the moment he dreaded happened; she asked him to turn over on his back.

As she turned around to get more oil, he slowly turned over, careful to let the towel stay draped over his mid-section. He had hoped that, with the towel over him, his raging erection might not be obvious. He was very wrong. Though he tried to adjust himself, there was just no hiding the pitched tent.

When Alana turned back around, there was no question she noticed. He saw her eyes track down to his mid-section and saw the flicker of recognition. But she betrayed no discomfort or surprise and soon she was massaging his chest and shoulders, her warm smile unchanged. She continued to work through every knot in his body, eventually making her way down to his legs and then slowly working back upward. Eventually she broke the silence again.

"Dan, I'm going to ask you something very personal. You don't have to answer it, and I apologize ahead of time if it makes you uncomfortable."

"Um. Okay." Dan wasn't sure where she was going with this and didn't know what else to say.

"When was the last time you were...intimate with someone?"

Wow. Dan had really not been expecting that. How long had it been? A year? Maybe longer?

After a substantial pause, Dan finally said "probably at least a year." 

"That's what I thought," she said. Her expression was kind, but with a measure of pity mixed in. "I want to do something for you, Dan, and I hope you'll let me."

Dan's mind was a whirlwind. What was she talking about? Where was this going? Before he could get much beyond that, Alana's hand was on top of the towel, pressed against his cock. If her touch to his shoulders had been a jolt of electricity, this was a lightning strike. The sensation was so powerful that his hand shot up reflexively to grab her arm.

"What are you..."

"Relax, Dan," she interrupted him, her tone still so calm and reassuring. "It's okay."

"But...but..." Dan sputtered, "what about Mark?" 

She smiled, "he'll be glad to know you said that. But believe me, he's fine. I believe his exact words on his way out this morning were 'don't forget the happy ending.' He said if anyone ever needed one, it was you.'"

Dan was having a hard time processing all this, but he wasn't actively fighting it either. Within seconds, Alana had removed the towel entirely, exposing Dan's now rock hard cock. She gave him a mischievous smile and a wink and then wrapped one of her oiled up hands firmly around the shaft of his cock. 

It was all Dan could do not to come right then and there, but he willed himself not to. She soon had both hands working up and down his cock as he stared, transfixed. Given how long it had been since he'd had anything like this done to him, she could have been terrible at it and it still would have felt great. But she was quite skilled. 

"You have an amazing cock, Dan." God, she was sexy. He couldn't take this much longer. In fact, he was just about to come when, perhaps sensing it, she let go. "Before I finish, I just want to even the playing field a little bit. I've seen you naked. It's only fair that you see me."

With that, she reached up behind her neck and undid the string that was holding up her cover up. Down it came, revealing a truly magnificent set of breasts. Her chest fully exposed, Alana once again reached out and grasped Dan's cock. She began to stroke faster, working up a lather with the oil. 

Dan was completely out of his mind with lust and ready to come. Sensing this, Alana slowed her pace. Then she looked him right in the eyes and said, "come for me, Dan." With that he finally let go, letting out a groan and shooting a rope of cum that shot across his stomach and chest. She grinned from ear to ear.

"My god, Alana, that was incredible. You have no idea how badly I needed that."

She grinned, "you don't need to thank me, Dan. It was absolutely my pleasure. You needed that and I'm glad I got to share it with you." The way she said it, so calm and matter-of-factly, she almost had Dan convinced that this wasn't strange, that this was just something that friends do for one another, like picking him up at the airport or something. Casually, she grabbed a towel and wiped the cum off his chest and stomach. Then she pulled up her cover up and re-tied its straps around her neck. 

Taking his cue from her, Dan sat up and tried to remember where he'd left his clothes. Before he could get to his feet, Alana leaned in again and kissed him once more on the cheek. She whispered, "if you need a release again tomorrow, just ask. I'm here all week." Then she winked and turned around to head back to her bedroom.

Dan sat there for a few minutes, still completely naked, just trying to gather his thoughts. His mind was a jumble of questions. Did all of that really just happen? Did she really mean that all he had to do was ask and she'd do this again? What if he asked for something else? Was Mark really okay with this? Did he just betray his best friend?

--

That night, when Mark got home, Dan initially felt very awkward, but Alana had such a way of putting people at ease. Before long, he'd almost forgotten about the events of that morning; it was like it had never happened. It was just three old friends, sharing each other's company.

The next morning, after Mark had left for work, Dan sat on the couch watching TV. Though he'd thought about nothing else all morning, he'd resolved that he wasn't going to take Alana up on her offer to "ask" for a second round. He just couldn't bring himself to do that. That said, if she offered, it would be rude to turn her down, right?

Eventually Alana sat down on the couch next to him. She was in a pair of jogging shorts and a tank top and looked like she was ready for a workout. "Any interest in going for a run with me, Dan?" 

"Oh, no thanks, Alana. I gave up running years ago. Too hard on my knees."

"Fair enough. Can I get you anything before I go?"

"No, I'm good. Thanks, though."

"Are you sure?" Was she asking what he thought she was asking? "My offer from yesterday still stands, you know."

Dan paused, not really wanting to ask, but not strong enough to say no.

Alana looked at him expectantly, a mischievous smile slowly forming on her face. She reached out a hand and touched his knee.

"Alana, I..."

"It's okay, I won't make you ask." With that, she slowly maneuvered onto the floor in front of him until she was on her knees and facing him. Then she reached up and began to undo the button and fly on his cargo shorts and slowly slid them down, taking his boxers with them. His cock, which was already nearly fully erect, sprung out into the open. Alana continued to pull his shorts and boxers down until they were all the way off. 

Then she sat back and lifted her tank top up over her head, removing it completely in one motion and again displaying her exquisite breasts, natural and round, the size of peaches, with large, dark brown areola the size of quarters. As Dan admired the view, she reached over to grab his cock with her right hand and began to stroke it gently. Dan silently wished she had brought some of that massage oil with her, but he wasn't about to complain, not with this view. 

Then, without warning, Alana leaned in and before Dan could even register what was happening, his cock was deep inside her mouth. Was this really happening? Emily had seldom gone down on him even in good times, and Dan had no idea how long it had been since his last blow job. Three years maybe? As he watched Alana's head bob up and down on his cock, he tried to put all thoughts of Emily or Mark or anything that might complicate this moment out of his mind and focus on the incredible sensation. Alana was applying just the right amount of pressure and she was using her hands at the same time, sliding them up and down the shaft of his cock in sync with her mouth. She was so very good at this. 

And so beautiful. The way her breasts bobbed up and down. The way her long curly hair draped over his stomach. He gathered her hair up in his hands and held it up so he could get a better view of her beautiful face. She stared up at him with wide, soulful eyes as she continued to suck his cock. He wasn't going to last much longer.
