 At the start of last year I was unfortunate enough to be admitted to hospital, and not only that, but to be admitted to a hospital miles from home. It's no exaggeration to say that I was really poorly; however it was easy to tell when I was feeling better in the second week of my stay.

Chris, my husband, was an absolute gem, and came to visit me as often as he could; it was fair to say though that there was something missing in a major way. By the start of my second week in hospital I was absolutely desperate for sex, gagging for it in fact, and the occasional crafty wank in the shower was doing very little alleviate the problem.

In the middle of my second week of admission was Valentine's Day. My feelings at being stuck in hospital and sex-deprived to boot on Valentines Day can be summed up in very few words, none of which are printable.

Chris made a concerted effort to leave work early that day so that he could not only make sure that he got to see me on Valentine's Day, but also be able to spend the whole of visiting hours with me instead of the normal 45 minutes that we were managing.

So, bang on the start of visiting time at 6.00pm, Chris arrived on the ward with an armful of roses and a smile on his face. Setting the roses down on the locker at the side of my bed, he grinned and held out his arms. I flew into his embrace, covering his face and mouth with kisses, and promptly burst into tears. Chris held me close, stroking my hair and crooning softly until my sobs subsided.

"Hey, now what was all that for?" he asked gently. "Hazel?" I sighed deeply and wiped away the tears which had run down my face and under my chin.

"I just wish there was some way I could tell you how much I miss you when you're not here. It's driving my crazy." I paused and giggled in spite of myself. "Not to mention making me as horny as hell!" Chris grinned.

"Trust me; you don't need to tell me." He squeezed me even harder, "Especially about the last part!" His grin had a distinctly lascivious quality to it, backed up by what was pressing firmly against my belly though the front of his trousers. Choosing to ignore it for the time being, I sat Chris down in the chair next to my bed, settled into his lap and snuggled up to him a sigh of pure happiness.

The next hour and a half passed in a happy haze of cuddles, kisses and quiet conversation, and all too quickly the bell rang to mark the end of visiting. I couldn't help it; the tears began to well up again all too early. I really wasn't coping with my incarceration in hospital as well as I would have had everybody think I was.

As I had taken to doing in order to stretch out the time I had with Chris as much as possible, I found and put on my slippers so that I could walk with him as far as the lifts.

Hand in hand we strolled out to the lobby, one of his fingers idly caressing the sensitive skin on the inside of my wrist, sending sparks of pleasure shooting to the deepest and most intimate parts of me with every touch. He pressed the button to call the lift, and we stood leaning against each other as we waited, each lost in our own thoughts.

As I watched the number on the lift ascending, getting closer and closer to our floor, my eye was drawn to the door beside the lift where I knew to be the stairwell and also... I was seized by a sudden uncharacteristic and reckless urge to do something really, seriously, naughty.

Without giving him the opportunity to resist, I tightened my grip on Chris' hand, and pulled him through the door, into the stairwell and straight through the door into the disabled toilet, slamming and locking it behind me. I looked Chris straight in the eye, meeting an expression of abject bewilderment.

"Hazel, what...?" I put my finger to his lips.

"Shh!" He didn't argue.

Grabbing him by the front of his shirt, I spun him around, pinned him against the wall and dropped to my knees. Lust lent my fingers speed as I worked to unbuckle his belt and to free his rapidly hardening cock from the confines of his trousers and underwear - which just happened to be a black lace thong, which I recognised as one of my own. I grinned up at him saucily.

"My my, you have been missing me!" The blush which spread across his face as gratifying, but short-lived, as I grabbed the sides of the thong and pulled it down. I was practically salivating as his long, thick cock sprang free and into my waiting and eager mouth.

With a moan of satisfaction, I slid my mouth down the fill length of his cock until my nose was buried in his crotch and the tip of his cock was buried in my throat. Sliding up and down his length ever so slowly, pausing every now and then to flick my tongue back and forth across the head, I suddenly plunged all the way down again, sucking hard as I did so.

I heard a sharp intake of breath from above my head and smiled inwardly as I felt his hand entwine in my hair and take a firm hold, before he began to fuck my face slowly and deliberately. I reached up wit my right hand to cup and fondle his balls. I've been told before that I give great head; suffice to say, the noises that I was hearing from above me suggested that the previous testimonials were fair. Not that I'm smug about this in any way, you understand.

Slipping my free hand round behind him, I pulled Chris' trousers all the way down, exposing his delectable arse to the cold winter air. Turning him sideways on, I continued giving him the blow job of his life, then with absolutely no warning pulled my hand back and slapped his arse hard several times. I heard him gasp and felt him tremble as I did so, and felt his balls tighten in my hand. Suddenly there was a shaky voice from above my head.

"Unless you want a mouthful of spunk, you really are going to have to stop that!"

Drawing back from my task reluctantly, I looked up at him with a smile.

"I take it you have a better idea?" I enquired huskily.

"I think that if I don't get to fuck you extremely soon, I'm going to explode." he retorted.

Pulling me to my feet, he took hold of either side of my face and roughly claimed my mouth with his; I knew he was relishing the taste of his own precum on my mouth and tongue as he moaned softly, running his tongue over my lips.

With impressive restraint, he pushed me away, spun me around and bent me over, gently pushing me forward until I was kneeling on the lid of the toilet. Shivering with anticipation, I knew that my pussy was absolutely dripping, and I simply couldn't wait for what I knew was coming next - most likely me!

Suddenly I felt my trousers and knickers roughly yanked down around my knees, and it was my turn to feel the cold night air on my arse. It was one of those beautiful moments which seems to stretch out forever with the delicious anticipation of what you know is to come. I knelt on the lid of that toilet with my arse in the air, just waiting; but even now, after 8 years, he still ahs the ability to surprise me.

Suddenly I felt a warm breath on my pussy and felt his tongue begin to lick me, ever so slowly, in long strokes from my clit to the entrance to my pussy, circling lazily and dipping inside until I was sodden and desperate wit desire. Grabbing hold of the rails to the side of the toilet, all I could do was moan, helplessly.

Chris has always had a sixth sense for when I'm reaching the point of no return, and today was to be no different. As abruptly as it had started, the gentle attention from his tongue ceased, and there was nothing gentle about what happened next.

Before I had the chance to gather my wits, with one swift stroke Chris slammed his cock into my aching pussy up to the hilt. How I didn't scream I shall never know, but I came instantly and hard. He's always known that I like it rough, and his hand entwined in my hair once more, yanking my head back as his balls hammered against my arse, the tip of his cock hitting my G-spot with every thrust.

How many times I came, I have no idea, but finally I felt his thrusts quicken and grow harder still, until with a low growl of pleasure he came, clocking his hips against mine as he shot jet after jet of cum deep inside me, triggering a final and explosive orgasm which left me trembling from head to toe.

For two or three minutes we could only stay as we were, locked together like rutting animals and breathing hard, until we were finally able to move. Sore and sated, but utterly satisfied, we collapsed together into a heap in the floor, my head on his chest as we slowly drifted back to earth and reality, and the realisation that we now had to go our separate ways - which suddenly didn't seem like quite so much of a hardship, not after that many orgasms.

Propping myself up on one elbow, I grinned broadly.

"What?" he said, with a gentle and curious smile lighting the post-coital bliss on his face.

"Happy Valentines' Day, darling!"