 I thought all I needed to forget about the day was a drink at the hotel bar. A whole day of conferences with arrogant men wearing suits was exhausting. Sitting alone at a table I kept refusing the offers to buy me drinks. They all looked the same, and I just didn't want to hear what Ivy League School they graduated from or how high on the corporate ladder they were. I too was high up in my company, I didn't brag about it but you could tell by the shoes I wore or the way I held myself when I walked. I just wanted to be alone. 

Then I saw him. He was at a work thing himself but he was the antithesis of corporate. Blue jeans, long hair with his right hand in his pocket, his left hand holding his drink. He was absolutely gorgeous. A face to die for, brown eyes you could melt into, and a grin that made my heart skip. I couldn't take my eyes off him. He was talking to his coworkers and I kept sneaking glances. How could someone so sexy be alone?

Some may say he was too thin or too tall. I thought he was perfect. He just oozed sex. Somehow the dress I wore to the meetings all day seemed too tight, my cleavage too much. He looked over and caught me looking at him. It felt like I was instantly undressed with that one look. 

I tried to look away, but I melted into his eyes. Once he grinned, I knew he understood. He didn't walk, he sauntered. I've never seen anything like it. The suits who kept trying to get my attention all night started snickering thinking he wouldn't have a chance. I was too corporate he was blue collar. No way would she even talk to him. Little did they know he was everything I wanted but didn't know I did. 

When he asked if he could sit. I couldn't even answer I just nodded. His voice was deep and sexy. I was in trouble and I knew it. So did he. He asked what I did. I asked what he did. We made small talk while we finished our drinks. 

Then he leaned over to ask a question and put his hand on my knee. The electricity was immediate. I hadn't even heard him, I was so surprised by my body's reaction to him. I asked him to repeat the question and when he leaned closer his hand slid a little more up my thigh. I couldn't believe it. The suits watching couldn't believe it either. I was known as a bitch and they were waiting for me to handle him like I would handle one of them. When my blue eyes looked up from seeing his hand on my thigh, he knew in that moment. He looked at me leaned over and said the 5 words I'll never forget. "I want to fuck you". 

Such a simple sentence. Such a simple statement. And yet, I instantly regretted not wearing panties I was so wet with just those words. I started nodding and stood up. I always wore heels despite my 5'11" height. It always intimidated the men. Yet, I still had to look up into his eyes. He threw money on the table to cover the drinks and grabbed my ass leading me away. Every eye wearing a suit watched in disbelief.

We walked to the elevator. My stomach was in knots. I couldn't believe I was doing this, but the chemistry was so thick you could cut it with a knife. We entered the elevator and he intentionally stood behind me. I could feel the warmth of his breath on my neck. He stood closer, his hands on my waist, pulling me close, my ass up against his erection. I couldn't breath. He didn't move. The doors opened and he followed me to my room. 

I had barely opened the door when he pushed my back to the wall. My hands held by his over my head he kissed me. My knees buckled my pussy was instantly wet. My heart beating so fast, I could not believe my reaction to him. 

His one hand moved from above my head to between my legs so fast I didn't know it until I felt his finger inside me. Kissing me he groaned when he felt how wet he made me. I didn't realize I was trying to get his finger deeper inside me until he held my hips to stop them from moving. Leaning against me his cock was so hard I took one hand down so I could feel if it was all him. I'm not very experienced, but even I knew he was exceptional.

One minute I was fully dressed the next I was left in my bra, thigh high stockings, and heels. I don't remember how he got my dress off so fast. He told me to unbuckle his belt and ordered me to stand there when I was done. His cock was huge. Unbuckled pants meant it was out waiting for me. I had to stand there, feeling his eyes on every curve I had. But that meant I could look at him too. 

I had never seen anything so exquisite. His cock was just perfect. Standing at attention it was huge. I don't know what possessed me but I just wanted to suck him. I started to kneel but he made me stand with my face to the wall. Next I knew he licked me from my toes to my ass. I wanted him so badly and he knew it. He spread my long legs and his tongue flicked my button instantly taking my breath away. I honestly thought I would cum on his tongue.

He knew I was ready for anything. He flipped me around and ordered me to suck him. No pretense. No sweet talk. An order. Simply, "suck my cock". I couldn't wait. Kneeling on the floor I looked up at him. I parted my lips and took as much of him as I could down my throat. His balls were glorious in the palm of my hand. I sucked him hungrily. Faster, deeper, hearing his breathing change knowing he was close. I wanted more before he came. I didn't realize he had stopped me until it was his tongue in my mouth instead of his balls. 

He removed my bra and when he put his lips on my nipples my body ached for him. I needed to feel him inside of me. I begged him to just fuck me, but he wanted to take his time. Playing with me like a cat plays with a mouse. I wasn't used to letting anyone control me or the situation. He spread my legs and slowly kissed me from my nipples to my very wet pussy. He ordered me to stop moving or he would stop touching me. OMG I couldn't do it. The anticipation was too much. 

He flicked his tongue on my hairless pussy and slowly put his finger inside me. I couldn't handle it. I came on his tongue. My body shuddering with one stroke of his tongue. How was that possible? He chuckled as if he knew that he could make me come and flipped me over. 

In one movement he entered me and held my hands above my head. My body still sensitive from my climax made my pussy clamp around his cock with every stroke. He was so big and I was so wet it didn't take long to make me come again. His hips circling instead of pumping was what made me come for a third time. I had never come with a cock inside me before. How did he do that? Three times?? 

He couldn't wait anymore and I wanted to feel him. I told him I wanted him to come inside me so I could feel all of him. He came right after my third climax. It was amazing. He kissed me and left. We never even exchanged names. I had never been fucked like that before and I will never forget it.