 I don't travel by bus very often as I prefer the comfort and convenience of my car. However last week I found it easier to go into Central London by bus. It was getting towards rush hour in the evening and so the bus was very busy. Luckily I got myself a seat halfway up the bus on the aisle and was grateful.

A little about myself first – I am a mature male, 66, carrying a little extra weight – but not too much – and think I look a little younger than that – but that's my opinion. However back to the story. As the bus filled up people were standing in the aisle and standing next to me was a young redhead, probably mid-twenties, and as she was carrying her jacket over her arms, clearly had a nice figure.

As the bus trundled along, we touched briefly on a number of occasions, purely innocently. Then, after a few minutes the bus went over a big pothole and she almost fell on my lap. We exchanged apologies and I steadied her with my arm until she was able to stand without help, and as I let go she smiled down at me, apparently in thanks. As we carried on, I sensed that she was looking down at me, and it seemed she was 'bumping' into me more than previously, even when the bus was going smoothly. 

I glanced up occasionally, and sensed some interest in her eyes – but felt I was imagining it and let it go. But again, her body touched mine, and her groin was against my hand which was on the back of the seat in front. I felt sure I must be imagining it, but it dawned on me that this could be nothing other than deliberate as her pussy pressed against my hand continually. There was no doubt she was coming on to me. Well who was I to complain. 

I moved my hand from the seat, and moved it to her leg, rubbing it slowly but surely. She smiled in approval, so I became a little more daring, moving my hand up to her thigh feeling the smooth skin on her legs. Although I would have loved to the tight skirt she was wearing, and the other passengers made it impossible to go any higher so we had to both be content with me stroking her thighs gently, although the smile on her face told me she was clearly enjoying it. This carried on for about ten minutes, my cock hardening all the time as I stroked these lovely smooth thighs.

She then moved as if to get off the bus, but signalled to me with her eyes to get off with her. Who am I to argue with a lovely young girl so I followed. As soon as we were off the bus she put her hands round my waist and pulled me to her tightly, kissing me hard on the lips. I returned the kiss enthusiastically, our tongues intertwined, in the darkness of the British autumn. As she broke the kiss, she whispered in my ear that she only lived round the corner.

I didn't need asking twice, so putting my arm around her waist, we walked to her home – it was a cosy one bedroom flat in the East of London, in a quiet residential street. We entered the flat, and as soon as I was in the door she shut it, pulled me to her and we kissed hard again – this time though, we were able to roam more freely with our hands, mine pulling her head towards me, hers cupping my arse pulling me tight, my hard cock pushing towards that lovely pussy that had been grinding against my hand on the bus. As she felt it against her, she moved her hand round towards the front and pulled the zip down, her hand searching inside until she found my extremely hard cock.

As she did this, my hand had slipped inside the back of her top, searching for the bra release – I found it quickly, and after releasing it, slipped my hand around, cupping her lovely tits and squeezing her nipples. At this, she grabbed my cock – now released - even tighter and started wanking it firmly. I suggested that we go somewhere more comfortable – she agreed and dragged me by the cock into the bedroom. We speedily removed each other's clothing – I am not sure who removed what – and we were soon naked revealing all. Her tits were gorgeous, with lovely large brown nipples which I soon sucked in turn, flicking them with my tongue. She in turn, wanked my cock, feeling the fullness of my balls as she did so.

Leaving her tits, my mouth travelled down kissing all the way, eventually reaching that gorgeous pussy – clean shaven. I ran my tongue along her lips, savouring the gorgeous smell and taste emanating from her slit. In the meantime, we had changed position so that we were in a 69, allowing her to take my cock into her mouth. I am not huge, but sport a reasonable 6 ½ inches, and it is quite thick. She managed to take all of it into her mouth quite easily, slurping away as I fucked her mouth.

Meantime at the other end, I was fucking her cunt with my tongue pushing it inside as deep as it would go – we were both moaning with pleasure when she began to tense her body – she shouted that she was cumming encouraging me to fuck her harder with my tongue . She orgasmed for some time, seemingly one after the other, her juices filling her cunt, running on to my tongue – she tasted fucking lovely. Throughout her orgasm, my cock stayed in her mouth, although she did bite a little at the height of her orgasm – giving me an extra sensation. Mmmmmm.

As she recovered from her orgasm, she began to lick my still hard cock up its length, often taking my full balls into her mouth. As a more mature guy, I tend to be able to last longer than my younger counterparts so was not quite ready to cum just yet. I asked her where she wanted me to cum, and she replied that was up to me – so I suggested that she sit on my cock and ride me hard. She lowered herself down, her tight cunt slowly but surely being filled by my hard cock, until it was all inside her – god was she tight. 

She then slowly began to ride me, taking my cock to just the tip before forcing herself down again. This felt great and as she gradually increased the speed riding me harder and harder, I began to thrust up into her ensuring that most of my cock was inside her all of the time. Her tight pussy squeezed harder as we fucked, and her cunt muscles were clearly in good form. I found it harder and harder to keep from cumming, but wanted to last a little longer yet. 

So I reluctantly moved my cock from her cunt, and started wanking it slowly. As I did so, she ran her tongue up and down my shaft, tasting her own juices from my cock. This felt great and as I continued wanking I felt that I was about to cum. I told her this, and she pushed my hand away, taking me in her mouth again as she did so. My full cock was in her mouth, and she slurped greedily as I fucked her face. It wasn't long before I told her I was cumming – she only sucked harder as I shot my load into her mouth. She kept sucking as load after load of spunk shot into her mouth. She swallowed greedily, and then reluctantly released me from her grip. My spunk was dripping from her mouth, and I reached over and kissed her full on the lips, enabling me to taste my own spunk which I love.

As our excitement subsided, we lay there in each other's arms, stroking and fondling gently enjoying each other's company. We chatted briefly, finding out a little about each other. It turned out that she had just split from her boyfriend a week previously, and she just needed fucked. Her fall onto my lap in the bus turned her on slightly – and we know the rest. We exchanged phone numbers – and while we haven't contacted each other yet – I can't help feeling that I will in the next week or so. Watch this space.