 Alayna found herself going through the motions that week. She was anticipating, and not in a patient way. By the time her next appointment with Mark rolled around, she more than a little nervous.

He had asked for her to be in a cupless leather body harness – not something on her typical list of options. Holly, her appointment setter, raised an eyebrow when she relayed this information. Okay, they were on the phone, but Ana knew Holly and knew this expression.

"Eh. He's a good client."

"How would you know that? You've only seen him twice."

"I can just tell, okay? Besides, he wants me there once a week so I'm going to do what it takes to make him happy." Alayna cursed herself as the words came out of her mouth. 

Holly gasped. "I would hope you're not considering crossing the line." It was something of a fake gasp; they both well knew that some of the other girls very much crossed the line, and on a regular basis. But they also both knew that Alayna wasn't one of those girls.

"That's not what I meant, Holly. Besides, I should be grateful he doesn't want me in a fuzzy panda costume."

Holly giggled. They did have a "furry" client a few months back. She let Alayna go with a gentle warning, and Alayna assured her friend that there would be no mischief. Well, maybe there would be some, but Holly didn't need to know that.

Alayna arrived at Mark's door twelve minutes early, and considered waiting in the car for a bit because she didn't want to seem to eager. But then again, Mark lived in a very nice neighborhood, and a girl in a trench coat sitting in a beat up car was sure to raise some eyebrows. She knocked.

"Hi Ana, you're early," Mark said.

She shrugged. "Traffic was light."

He grinned; it was wry grin, as if he knew the truth. "Would you like a glass of water or a cup of coffee beforehand?"

Alayna shook her head. "We can just start now."

This time his smile was wide and genuine. "I have no problem with that."

Alayna unbuttoned her coat and shrugged it off. Underneath she had on exactly what he asked for: a leather harness with thin straps that crisscrossed her body. It left her breasts exposed, and a thin strap of leather slid between her pussy lips. She felt absolutely hot in it.

Feeling a bit brave, she spun to face. "What do you think?" 

"I think you look incredible and you know it."

Alayna blushed but did not reply to his accusation. "What would you like me to clean today?" she asked.

"The kitchen counters and cabinets could be detailed," he said, and gestured for her to lead the way. He very much enjoyed the view of her backside, clearly hanging out of the thin leather harness.

"Is your outfit comfortable?"

"Quite."

"Did you buy it special for me?" he asked.

She paused. To say yes would be admitting something, while to say know would be lying. "Maybe."

"You did, didn't you? You chose well."

"Thank you," she kept her voice even and turned away in an attempt to regain professionalism.

He stayed near her in the kitchen the whole time. Mostly he teased her with questions or statements, subtly enough that she couldn't (or didn't want to) protest, but overt enough for her to see it as flirting. He deliberately wanted her to get as worked up as possible.

It was effective. By the end of the hour her nipples were so swollen they were sore, and her cunt was so wet she felt it down her thighs. Mark noticed, and professed it to be pleasing.

"Would you like to continue what we started next week?"

Alayna hesitated for a split second, then nodded vigorously. 

He led her to the master bath, which had a large shower room with jets on three walls. It was done in a deep burnt red tile, and there was a large bench along one wall of the shower. . He asked her to stand in the shower and wait for him.

He returned with a camera and a small silver bucket. He handed her the bucket and turned the camera at her. The bucket was full of ice cubes.

"Do you feel sexy today, Ana?"

Behind the camera Mark watched her battle between shy and aroused...it was part of what he found so becoming of her.

She nodded, but her eyes were downcast. "I do."

"What do you find sexy about yourself?" he asked. He liked making her a little uncomfortable. 

This time she looked straight at the camera and answered promptly. "That I'm smart."

He gave her a sly grin. "What else?"

She hesitated, and he filled in the silence. "I want you to take an ice cube and tease your nipples. You may only touch yourself with the ice cube. "While you're doing that I want you to think of four more things you find sexy about yourself." 

The cold ice made her sensitive nipples scream for a firmer touch. She gasped audibly and used the ice cube to flick her nipple back and forth. She had a hard time concentrating on her list, but a hard stare from Mark reminded her.

"Mmmm, okay, four things," she stalled as the cube began to melt and drip down her near naked form.

"I think that I am caring....mmm...empathetic and that that's sexy," she pushed the words our in irregular spurts. "I'm...um...creative and....artistic." She was furiously working the remains of the ice cube on her nipple, seeking release she could not find.

"Okay, two more."

"Uhhhhuhuh...I have nice eyes....and...uhhh...a...nice smile."

"I wasn't asking for nice I was asking for sexy."

The ice cube had all melted and she dropped her arms to her sides. "Fine, I have sexy eyes and a sexy mouth," she sighed.

"You do. But I still think there are plenty of things left out. For example, your nipples. See how hard and swollen they are? See how erect they get, how far they push out from your breasts? That's sexy, don't you agree?"

Alayna nodded. 

"And your pussy...it's dripping wet and perfectly pink. I think it's very sexy, don't you?" he didn't wait for her to answer. "Let's see how hot it is, Ana. I want you to take one of the ice cubes and I want you to put it inside you. Put one leg up on the bench so I can see you."

What about this seemed so dirty? And why was it so hot? Alayna didn't over analyze it, though, she just did as told. She pushed the tiny scrap of leather aside and delicately slid an ice cube into her cunt. The cold stung, and aroused her somewhat; it was the action itself that really turned her on. That she was his to do with what he pleased.

Water immediately began to drip from her pussy. 

"Mmmm you are hot. Add another." She did as told. "And another."

Her cunt was full of rapidly melting ice. There was already a puddle around her feet, and her pussy lips glistened with more than just the water. 

"Good girl," he said. "Do you like the way that feels?"

Her eyes heavy lidded, she nodded as if in a trance.

"Tell me, Ana, what do you like about it most?" 

She still felt shy, despite her actions. Somehow it was harder to talk than to do.

"Do you like feeling dirty? Or do you like doing what I ask of you?"

She looked at herself – her full breasts thrusting out of the hardness with her firm, swollen nipples. Her leg propped up on the high bench, her pussy fully exposed. Just the thought of it sent another course of excitement through her. "Both," she nearly whispered.

"Good girl," he said. "Turn around for me now." She acted without question. "Leg up on the bench again, sweetie," he requested.

Alayna was glad he couldn't see her face because it was flushed red. She had a sense of what was coming and tingled in anticipation.

He noticed her shiver and smiled behind the camera. "You know what I want you to do now, Ana." He said it as a statement.

Wordlessly she took another ice cube. Because he couldn't see her face, she felt a little more brazen. She bent over so he could get a better view, and held one cheek opened so he could see her puckered little hole. She rimmed herself with the ice cube, and slowly pushed it inside. "How many?" she asked sofly.

He groaned inwardly; his cock was at full attention now. "As many as you can," he grumbled.

The cubes popped into her asshole, one after another. They melted nearly as quickly as they went in."

"Do you like having your asshole filled?" he asked.

"Yes. Yes!" she squeaked as another went in.

"Good girl," he said. "But now it's time for a shower. Take your lovely costume off for me," he said.

A small lump formed in Alayna's throat. The harness was held together with half a dozen tiny eye hooks. She could not get it on without some help. "Um..."

"Come on Ana, I know you can do this for me," he said.

"Well...it's just that...I need help. Getting this off, I mean."

"Oh.'' He meant for his voice to sound neutral, but it came out as more of a squeak than he'd like.

Alayna said nothing, she just turned her back towards him by way of request. Each step closer he took to her, the more bubbly and out of control her body felt.

"Is it just a zipper?" for the first time that Alayna had seen, Mark sounded unsure of himself.

"No, there are a bunch of tiny hooks."

He was gently, delicate, even, searching for the hooks, barely grazing her skill. It still felt like a trail of fire where his fingers touched her skin.

He couldn't help himself. Here she was, just under her nose, all hot and sexy and responsive to him. Her skin was smooth and creamy and it smelled like rain. He had to touch her. 

He slid his hands under the loosened harness, his palms and fingertips slid up her back, and around to her sides, to help her shrug off the garment. He heard her breath hitch the moment he touched her, and she leaned back slightly, into his touch.

The harness fell from her upper body and slid down her legs. His hands still lay firmly against her sides, his fingertips a fraction of a inch from touching the side of her breasts. The both froze for a moment. Alayna waited for the touch to develop with held breath, but Mark removed his hands and stepped back. He mumbled "sorry," and backed off.

Mark filmed her in the shower, soaping and caressing herself. He teased her by letting her touch her pussy for a few seconds at a time, than asked her to drop her hand. He got her so revved up that by the time he just let her have at it, she came in thirty seconds flat. 

Mark found Alayna amazing to look at when she came. For those moments, she was loud and wild and she didn't try to hide it. It was very hot to watch.

It was also awkward. Something unspoken had happened between them – there was no denying the chemistry. But Mark didn't want to scare her off. Nor did he want to do anything with her beyond the voyeurism, lest she think he was paying her for that too. 

When Alayna got home she had to masturbate again. Three times actually. Once all the sexual urges were flushed from her, she faced confusion and indecision. Probably he did want to fuck her as bad as she wanted to be fucked. But he probably wanted to do so with her as a paid worker, no strings attached. While she had no moral qualms with women who wanted to sell their bodies for sex, she herself did not want to. It was too sacred for her to cheapen.

XXXXXXXXXXXXX

The following week Alayna showed up with a resolve to not let it get any further. She would acknowledge her excitement and play along, but that would be it.

Mark greeted her with a big smile. "Ana, a pleasure to see you again." He did a deep bow, and she giggled a little at his comical formality. He was both cute and sexy, but she pushed the thought away.

He let her choose her outfit this week, and she deliberated for far too long before she picked an all time favorite: a black, cupless bustier, black thigh highs clipped to a garter belt, and black high heels. For other clients, she wore skimpy undies, but she didn't feel the need for that pretension with Mark.

He smiled appreciatively. "I should let you choose your dress more often," he said.

She shrugged. "I don't have that many. You'd get tired of repeats."

He shook his head. "You could come dressed in that every day for ten years and I wouldn't get tired of it."

"Master of exaggeration," she tsked. "Where would you like me to start today?"

"My silverware needs polishing," he said.

She let out a very unprofessional laugh. "Really?"

"Yeah. I got it as a gift from my grandmother, and I'm having her and some other family here this weekend. She is a sweet lady, but she has no idea what a 21 year old boy wants for his birthday."

"Hey, it could have been worse. At least you can use yours. You could have gotten The Complete Idiot's Guide to Communicating with Spirits."

He chuckled. "Really, you got that? Why?"

Alayna rolled her eyes. "My grandmother convinced herself I was psychic when I was six years old. I was talking about how I always pictured my grandfather up in heaven, fishing with a yellow hat on. I had never met him, and true, he liked to fish in his yellow hat. But she never took into account that there was a framed picture of him fishing in my father's study, and that my father kept his yellow hat as a memento."

"Hey, at least she never gave up on your gift," he teased.

He set her up with the flatware and the polish, and told her to sit at the dining room table. Certainly, it wasn't the most provocative task her could have asked of her, but he seemed content to sit next to her and chat. The silverware was done in less than twenty minutes.

"Okay, now what?"

"How would you feel about skipping the cleaning?"

Alayna shrugged. "That's okay." She sounded casual but her heart sped up. Cleaning time was cushion between video time, and she wasn't ready yet. 

"Are you okay?" he asked as he led her down the hallway.

She looked away. "Yeah, mostly. It's just butterflies."

"Why butterflies?" He stopped in the hallway and blocked her path. She tried to evade him but he lifted her chin with his finger, daring her to look him in the eye.

She both hated and loved that he challenged her. "I...I think the excitement part is obvious," she muttered, decidedly not looking him in the eye. "And the nervousness...I don't know. It come from the way I was raised-- to be ashamed of my sexuality. Like part of me feels as if I shouldn't like the things I like." I

"Listen to me," he said and moved towards her, boxing her against the wall. "You have nothing to be ashamed of. Nothing at all. You have found a way that you enjoy expressing your sexuality – it is your good fortune that you can profit from it, nothing more." He stood inches from her face.

"But...I'm a slut," she stated as if it were an irrefutable fact.

"Maybe. But so what if you are? There is nothing wrong with enjoying your sexuality, and you have done nothing you haven't wanted to do. Maybe some of society would find fault in what you do, but you don't have to. You are beautiful and sexy inside and out, that is all you need to know."

She did lift her eyes to him then, for a moment. They were filled with a sweet hope; the corner of her mouth turned up as if she wanted to believe him. She became endeared to him in that moment. 

His face moved closer to hers. All of the good reasons each of them had for avoiding this dissipated. His lips moved softly over hers, tentative for the second it took her to respond, and then confident and hungry. Like a match lit, then dropped into a dry field, ignition was instant and all consuming.

The instant intensity was nothing she had ever felt before. Their mouth were desperate for each other, their hands sought flesh, became bolder, as their bodies pressed together. Urgently their mouths did battle, and Mark wished Ana had wore something a little simpler to remove. She tugged at the bottom of his shirt, and he lifted his arms long enough to take it off. "How do you get your top off?" he asked while the moment was there.

"You don't," she said. "It's a pain."

She went to kiss him again but he stopped her. "No. I want to feel your skin. Turn around."

In silence, he undid the laces of the corset. She was almost sure he was taking his time to torture her. As the top slipped down her body, he kissed the base of her neck. He kissed a trail down, until it was time for him to remove the garters, and time for him to nip the back of her thigh. His hand traced the inside of her calf, up past her knee, up her thigh, until it was centimeters away from the center of her. Her pussy ached for his finger to cross that last little bit of space. But he didn't.

"You like teasing me," she accused as he stood back up to her level.

His grin was wolfish. "Of course I do." Then he descended him mouth on her nipples until she was squirming and whimpering. He managed to tug his pants off while doing so...he was rather large and rock hard. 

"Please don't --- tease anymore," she grunted between her fevered breath.

"What do you want, Ana?" he demanded. His finger took the place of his lips on her nipple.

"I want...release."

"And how do you want it?"

"Uh..uh...oh," she just grunted. He was pinching and flicking her nipples, the action sent darts of desire to her already wet cunt.

"You have to say what you want or you won't get it." One of his hands traveled lower, approaching her heat.

"I want you to fuck me," Alayna said.

He kissed her mouth. "Mmm, good girl. And how do you want me to fuck you?" He picked her up in his arms so that her legs wrapped around his waist, and he held her by her firm, round ass. The tip of his cock rubbed against her entrance.

"Fuck me now. Fuck me hard," she breathed. Dirty talk had always been hard for her, but once the words came out of her mouth she loved hearing herself sound nasty.

He slid into her; she was as hot and tight and dripping as he'd dreamed of. His length was enough to fill her to bursting; he'd plunged as deep as he could and held himself there, unmoving.

"Play with your clit," Mark demanded. 

She didn't stall. Her finger found her little swollen button and she found her rhythm. He took two steps back to the wall, and braced her against it so he could have a free hand. Her nipples were so sensitive, he loved hearing her breath hitch at his touch.

He listened to her breath getting ragged, and her heart pounding, and her little moans and mewls and cries. With extreme discipline he held himself within her, not moving, until he was sure of the signs of her rising climax. 

Without warning he pumped in and out of her, quick, hard, deep. It was animalistic, his fucking of her, as were her cries in response. There was grunting and howling and scratching and biting. It was pure need in rhythm, his pushing to her depths, and then pulling to his tip, over and over, harder and faster.

"Cum for me," Mark cried, knowing he couldn't last much longer. "Cum all over my cock," he goaded.

"Yes, yes, yes, yes...yuuhhhhh..Uh UH UHHHHHHHHHH." She moaned, as if she had been waiting for permission. Tswonderhe walls of her pussy spasmed and squeezed his cock in its already tight home. His orgasm followed, and he had enough sense of mind to pull out just in time, to spew ropey gobs of cum all over both of them.

He put her down, but her feet weren't too steady. He helped her stand and then drew her in for an embrace. Neither knew what to say, but they held each other until they both stopped panting.