 Jan rolled down her window to allow the cool breeze to flow into her car. She really needed to unwind from her long day at work, so she decided to head to a local jazz spot. The freeway wasn't too crowded this time of the evening, so it was easy for her to maneuver from lane to lane. She looked out at the cloudy sky and thought to herself, 'hmm, looks like rain.' She loved the rain. It reminded her of her more promiscuous days when she'd slept with this guy on the first date. They fucked each other in the rain on the beach. She got chills thinking about the heat their bodies created that night.

She was snapped out of her thoughts by the sound of a siren and flashing lights. "Shit!!" she exclaimed. 

She looked down and noticed she was going 95mph in the 60mph speed zone. "Damn! I don't need this now!" she pulled over to the shoulder of the road. 

She grabbed her purse and began looking for her driver's license. The police officer approached her car only to hear her frustrations as she rattled on. "And I'm gonna ask this asshole why the..."

"License and registration please ma'am." The officer spoke with a stern voice. 

Never looking up from her purse, she replied, irritated. "Okay, okay, just a minute. And why do you cops always have to flash that bright ass light into our cars?! It's not like you can see inside the damn car anyway!" 

Now, usually, the officer would have replied with a rather callous remark. But this time he didn't. In fact, he thought it was funny watching this woman scramble through her purse. 

"I mean damn, like you're not already causing enough attention with the flashes and sirens!" she complained. 

The officer was looking in her car, slyly taking glimpses of her body. Her firm brown breasts were partially exposed from behind her half unbuttoned blouse. Her skirt was hiked up, exposing her firm thighs. The officer's eyes crawled over her body slowly. Finally, he responded to her complaints. 

"Well, it seems to me like you need the light ma'am. You seem to be having some problems finding your license." 

She looked up at him with a 'oh no he didn't' look in her eyes. He almost smiled, but managed to keep it hidden. She looked back down again, still searching. Showing a little sarcasm, he took his flashlight and shined it into her purse. 

"That is not necessary!!" she said with an attitude. The she muttered, "asshole" under her breath. The officer laughed to himself, but as she looked up, he straightened his face. 

"Here!" she scowled. 

The officer took it and began to examine it as he spoke. "Ms...Richmond, did you know you were going 95mph in the 60mph zone?" 

"Now, if I told you yes, it wouldn't help me---and if I told you no, it wouldn't matter either. So what the hell you askin' me for? Just give me my damn ticket and stop wasting my time!" She was really pissed off. 

"Ma'am, just relax. All you have to do is answer my question, I'm just doing my job." he said.

Jan cooled off when she realized how rude she was being. She also knew he could really hike up the fine. She looked at him as he walked back to his patrol car. 'Nice ass' she thought out loud. 

He walked back to her car and handed her license back to her. "Long day huh?" he said as he wrote out her ticket. 

Jan laid her head back on the head rest. "Yeah, I'm sorry." she replied. 

"So am I." he said. "Where are you headed?" 

Contemplating her answer, she knew it wouldn't be in her best interest to tell him she was going to get a drink. "Somewhere to unwind." she answered. 

He continued writing, "There's a nice jazz spot not too far from here."

'Damn!' Jan thought to herself, 'What's taking him so long?' He ripped the ticket from the pad, folded it and handed it to her. "Have a safe evening." 

Jan watched him in her side view mirror as he walked off. She then looked down at the ticket. Hesitantly, she unfolded it. To her surprise, there was no actual fine, just a note. 'Since It's not too often I have the pleasure of stopping a beautiful woman, I will not ruin my chances of a possible rendezvous with her by giving her a ticket.' A broad smile spread across Jan's face. 'Meet me at Smokey's tonight, 10 o'clock.' She started her car and got back on the freeway. 'He was kinda cute', she thought to herself. Instead of going straight to the club as she had planned, she went home to shower and change clothes. 

Arriving at the club, she walked in and sat at the bar. Shortly after she sat down, the bartender handed her a note. 'Look in the far left hand corner, come join me. ~~~Officer Friendly' Jan laughed and looked up to see him smiling at her. She walked over to his table. The two-piece skirt outfit clung to her body, and her slinky sway entranced him. The midriff shirt exposed a small portion of her flat stomach and her skirt hugged her shapely hips and thighs. He stood up as she approached. 

"Glad you could make it." he smiled. 

His semi-baritone voice was very sexy, something she didn't pay much attention to before. 

"I was coming anyway." she said nonchalantly. She looked down at the note again, and smiled. "Officer Friendly huh?" she teased, "So, how friendly are you?" 

He took a sip of his drink, "If you're nice, maybe you'll find out." 

She looked at him, this time taking more notice of his features. The deepness in his eyes was hypnotizing. His facial features were very defined, and he had a very sexy presence about him. 

"Would you like a drink?" he asked and summoned the waiter over. 

"Yes, thank you." Jan replied, "Cognac please." The officer was taken aback by her order, which caused a smile to grace her lips. "By the way, you never told me your name." 

"Derek, Derek Mitchell." He took her hand in his, "And you are one very beautiful Lady Jan." He kissed her on the hand with freshly licked lips. His kiss gave her a warm feeling-- or it could have been the cognac. The jazz music played softly as they spoke. There was a lit candle in the middle of each table. Their conversation was 'informative'. They spoke briefly about their careers. Jan could feel boredom creeping in, so could Derek. He did it intentionally though, so he could catch her off guard. 

He looked deep in her eyes. His gaze made her uncomfortable at first, but almost instantly, she could feel herself becoming aroused by the sensuality in his gaze. His muscular arms bulged underneath his snug fitting shirt. The sleeves cut off right underneath his shoulders. 

"Would you mind if I sat closer to you?" he asked.

"No, not at all." she replied. He picked up his drink and pushed his chair next to her. The soft hinted scent of his cologne mixed well with his natural scent, and it was as intoxicating as he was. "You smell good." She told him. 

He gazed into her eyes again. "Can I smell you?" he asked as he leaned over near her neck. She could feel his warm breath against her ear and it made her heart race. He breathed her in deeply and exhaled with a low moan. "Mmmm...you smell so good, I wonder what you taste like." He licked the tip of her ear. That did it! She was wet. She did not know what to say, so she did not say anything. All she knew is that she wanted his body all over hers. He stood up and reached for her hand. 

"Come with me, please..." he said, and she followed. He took her to a different part of the club, an area where the jazz music was blaring, except this area was empty. "Derek, what..." His lips cut off her sentence. She kissed him back passionately, throwing caution to the wind. Their tongues rotated and twisted over each other's feverishly. They moaned as their lips switched from necks, ears, and to lips again. 

Derek placed one of his feet between her feet and parted her legs. He placed his hands on her breasts and through her shirt, he manipulated her nipples until they were hard and tight. He ran his hands down her back and gently squeezed her ass. She ran her hands over his chest then down past his belt. She could feel how hard he was, and how well endowed he was. The thought of him entering her with his thickness made her breathing even more erratic. For one second she thought, 'Anyone could just come in here.' It excited her even more. He pushed her against the wall and lifted her skirt. She parted her legs more as his fingers slid past her wet panties into her hot pussy. She moaned as he slid his fingers in and out, adding 1, 2, then 3 of them inside of her. Beads of sweat appeared on his forehead as he tried desperately not to give in to the urge of shoving his dick in her. He removed his fingers from her wetness and moaned as he licked them one by one. 

"Mmmm...sweet, just like I'd imagined." He said. 

They kissed lustfully, sucking, licking, and biting each other. He lifted her leg and began grinding against her. She could feel his hard dick pushing against her sensitive clit and it drove her insane. She snatched his belt loose and unbuttoned and unzipped his pants. His dick was straining, trying to push past his boxers. She slid down his body as she removed his pants and boxers. He placed his hands on the wall and stepped out of his pants just as she took his throbbing dick in her warm mouth. 

"Mmmmmm...". She felt so good, all he could do was moan...groan...and cuss. "Shit!!" 

She sucked him to the point when she thought he was ready to explode, and he stopped her. He pulled her up and turned her so that she, too, faced the wall. Her skirt was raised above her waist, fully exposing the G-string and her smooth brown ass. He slid his fingers past the lace and kissed, sucked and bit her ass softly while he pulled the string to the side. Down on his knees, he pulled her towards him by her waist, spread her ass, and licked her deeply. The sensations made her light headed and excited all at once. She leaned against the wall and spread her legs more so he could taste all of her. He dragged his tongue slowly from her pussy back to her ass, making her tremble with each lick. He moved underneath her with his back to the wall and sucked her clit hungrily. Jan could not believe the pleasure she was experiencing. He grabbed her thighs and massaged her clit vigorously with his tongue. Jan tried reaching for something to squeeze, but she had nothing but the wall. Derek could tell by the pitch in her moans that she was about to cum. It excited him. He moaned with her as he placed his lips over her clit and licked it. "Cum baby!!" He hummed on her clit.

Jan's moans turned to screams of pleasure as her body tightened before she climaxed. Derek licked all of her juices until she couldn't take it anymore. He moved swiftly between her legs to position himself behind her again. She arched her back slightly in anticipation, and he pushed himself inside of her. 

They both cussed, "Oh shit!!" 

The heat was intense as he slid in and out of her. Wanting more, he lifted her, filling her with his length. He hadn't been inside her too long before she came again. The contraction of her muscles squeezed his dick and he couldn't hold back. He buried his head in her back, grunted, and moaned as he surrendered to a leg trembling orgasm. Their bodies were weak as they fell to the floor. 

They caught their breaths and began gathering their clothes. Fully dressed, they made their way through the club, out to Jan's car. They exchanged phone numbers and made plans to meet again. They kissed goodnight and she drove off. 

Jan let down her windows so the midnight breeze could blow through her car. She looked at the cloudy skies and smiled as she relived her orgasm in her mind repeatedly. She was snapped out of her thoughts by a siren and flashing lights...

*wink*