 Kamini Shyamala, Kamakshi Shyamala, Kama Sundari, Kavya Sundari, Kakinada Kaja, Kala Sundari, Kama Sutra, Kinky Sexy, Kokila Sundari, Kaluva Shyamala, Kalla Sundari, Kama Shankhini, Kama Shobha, Kurala Sundari, Kinetic & Sensuous.

 

Part 1

Chapter 1

Shyamalavathy, a lecturer whose husband was alcoholic and suffered from diabetes that had robbed him of all sexual desire and left them in a sexless marriage for many years. She was forty seven, mother of two girls and a boy aged twenty two, nineteen and sixteen respectively when her husband died. Shyamalavathy was twenty two when she married to her thirty two years old husband, a Lecturer, one year after his first wife died. He was a suspecting and dominating husband. She led the life accepting the fate, living with her cruel and abusive husband for the sake of son and daughters She was beautiful and sexy. Every man who looked at her desired her. Her husband used to torment her for no fault of her, when a man looked at her. She did not have financial freedom and suffered humiliation, physical and emotional abuse from her suspecting husband.

She did not feel sad or have feelings of grief. She did not mourn. She felt relief, free as if she is set free from life term imprisonment. She felt happy, joyous and elated. Instead of being gloomy and sad she felt monstrous joy which means there would be no powerful will bending hers in that blind persistence with which men and women believe they have a right to impose a private will upon a fellow-creature. She did not have feelings of grief, sorrow and sad. She is experiencing complete joy over the death of her husband, because of the resentment and helplessness that built up over the years. she has been mistreated by her husband in the relationship since marriage. His death is for the best for her. She felt relief that he is dead and can't hurt now. She felt better, calmer and Safer and happy.

She thought, 'I wasn't good at being assertive, so his selfish, inconsiderate domination walked all over me. I was a living doormat. It's not easy being a living doormat. Anyone woman who has attempted to survive such an existence will agree. I was resentful, exhausted, used up, abused and wounded. I did not feel loved. At the same time, I knew he needed me in his life because of my salary. I was used and abused. I've never been happier since my husband died.' Being a widow is good for her because there is no suffering and less stress after her husband died and free to live her life as she wants. She was thinking how best to use her newly acquired freedom.

She accepted condolences from friends and relatives calmly. Since her happiness is socially unacceptable, she masked her happiness feelings in the presence of other people, except in front of son and daughters Surprisingly even the children did not feel sad due to the loss of dominating and dictatorial father. During the customary mourning period of her husband, she said it repeatedly under her breath - free, free, free! The vacant look that was present in her utterance followed it into and escaped her eyes, they remained bright and keen. She kept saying free! Body and soul free. She has gone through customary mourning period till 13th day ceremony for the sake of society concealing her pleasure and freedom.

On 15th day after her husband's demise, She received a letter from an unknown person named Shiva. He praised her beauty, expressed his love, admiration, She was surprised to receive such letter immediately after becoming a widow. She wondered whether a man known to her has written with a pseudo name. Every day she received handwritten voluminous letters on beautiful stationary containing erotic kamasutra positions and Khujaraho sculptures in the background for a week from him. The letters day by day became more voluminous, amorous, erotic, explicit, enthralling, romantic, and passionate. Each day she read the letters with curiosity.

 

Chapter 2 - The letters

My darling beautiful Sweet Sexy Kama Shyamalavathy,

I love you. I like you. I want you. You are beautiful, erotic and sexy. I like your smile, the way you hold your head, and your very essence entrances me and takes me to a place where, for reasons unknown to me, I feel like I want to have you as mine. I guess some people would call that love, but it is much more intense and passionate. I fell in love with you ten years ago, the first time I saw you - Love at first sight. But could not express my heartfelt intense love, lust and immense desire to you because you are married and have children and various other reasons. I am thirty three years old. I have been in love with you for ten years. The feelings inside me for you are profound, intense, terrifying and terrific all at once.

I like your tall, dark, curvaceous sexy erotic sensuous body, smooth, radiant glowing healthy skin, beautiful face, deep set kajal lined expressive eyes, well defined thick curvaceous eyebrows. Your well-defined juicy wide full thick pouting pronounced cupid bow heart shaped lips reveals passionate, artistic, creative, intelligent, energetic, erotic, seductive and sensuous personality. I am attracted to your long, curved, and almost-concave slope with a slight upward peak at the tip nose, long smooth neck and sexy round shoulders, fat smooth arms, artistic long fingers, large huge voluminous firm pendulous mountainous breasts hung from lean chest, big nipples extending out of your brazenly top heavy frame. I admire your taut thin waist curvaceously spread onto wide bottom and big hemispherical protruding inverted pots-like hips, your beautiful black, hip length, soft, silky, lustrous, smooth, shining, wavy, voluminous, uniformly thick hair. I want to hold your hair arranged into a bewitchingly beautiful thick braid. I admire your curvaceous erotic exciting body, firm yet full at the bosom and wide round hips. I want to kiss your prominent fleshy belly button with deep hole and wide rim carving lusciously in a vortex to fit a jewel. I like your beautiful and sexy taut and fit body with flat stomach. Your curves are well defined for a forty seven year old mature woman. I want to fondle your large, globular, firm, and voluminous breasts hanging from your lean chest. Your thick smooth fat arms, huge enormous hips and butt excite me. I think you have an erotic body of 36DD-26-38. Incredible hip size, that is! You maintained and stayed pretty fit, but left enough fat on your ass, thighs and chest to shape a curvy figure despite advancing age. Your sexy curvaceous body and personality makes you immensely desirable. Your thick arms also indicate that you have very thick fat enormous thunderous thighs. The shape and size of your wide mouth succulent juicy thick cupid lips indicate that you have juicy thick cunt lips and enormously significant big clitoris. and deep big cunt.

Your name K. Shyamalavathy reveals your style and nature - Kama, Sexy, Horny, Aphrodisiac, Magnificent, Adorable, Lust, Admirable, Voluptuous, Amorous, Tantalizing, Hot and Yearning. Your initials KS indicate Kama Shyamala, Kamini Shyamala, Kamakshi Shyamala, Kama Sundari, Kavya Sundari, Kala Sundari, Kama Sutra, Kinky Sexy, Kokila Sundari, Kaluva Shyamala, Kalla Sundari, Kama Shankhini, Kama Shobha, Kurala Sundari, Kinetic & Sensuous. You are like Kakinada Kaja, hard on the surface and sweet and juicy in the core. Only when someone bites into Kakinada Kaja the real taste is experienced.

I wish I could kiss you in the morning everyday and remind you fresh each day how lovely and sexy you are, how beautiful your smile is, how sexy your husky voice is, your words, your hands, your freckles, your expressive eyes, your thick arms, your mouth, your juicy succulent thick cupid shaped lips, your huge protruding, breasts, your thin waist, and your nose make me crazy with desire, to kiss you for every sweet thing about you even though that would take a thousand years. I would like to kiss your juicy lips and drink your cunt kamarasa - nectar every night. I wish I could whisper in your ear and have it be the first thing you hear in the morning; tell you what you mean to me, how wonderful you are, how special you are, how the world is a better place with you in it, desire you, crave you right there in your bedroom. No matter what you think you look like, you are heart-breaking, beautiful and desirable to me in every way. I wish I knew your feelings and thoughts, tastes, preferences, desires and fantasies.

On seeing you first time I felt fatal physical attraction and immense desire to have you. I find that I nevertheless share some sort of connection with you. I am obviously sexually attracted to you and enamored by your beautiful and sexy appearance, but at the same time have this sense that the two of us are related for more than one life. We will be able to connect on a deeper emotional level than purely a physical one. I want to know the real you. Let us begin to get to know each other. Let us know and explore each other. I want you to be mine. I feel you are mine and you belong to me. Let us share aspirations, dreams, desires, fantasies, feelings, ideas, memories, musings, secrets, thoughts uninhibitedly without any hesitation. Open up your mind for me and share your thoughts, whatever they are I can understand and appreciate you without criticism. Consider me as your close intimate friend, your soul mate, and your alter ego. Let me enter you, your mind and explore you. The God surely took extra care when he made you so beautiful sexy and erotic for me. I do not know why did God send you to earth without enjoying your beauty. He must have been in love with you. You are a divine courtesan. God created you so beautiful for me.

You look absorbing, abstemious, adamantine, adaptable, aphrodisiac, alluring, amative, amenable, amorphous, amorous, angelic, animated, appealing, appreciable, archangelic, ardent, arresting, artistic, aristocratic, austere, bawdy, beguiling, beautiful, beatific, beckoning, beguiling, bewitching, bimbo, bubbly, bouncy, buoyant, calm, captivating, carnal, celestial, charming, chirpy, commendable, compelling, concubine, concupiscent, cognizable, cognitive, cognoscible, confident, consummate, contemplative, covetable, curious, concubine, cougar, courtesan, curvaceous, dainty, debauched, delicate, delightful, delirious, desirable, discernible, distinguishable, divine, dreamy, dazzling,, earthy, edible, ecstatic, effervescent, elated, elegant, elfin, enchanting, energetic, encomiastical, engrossing, engaging, enticing, enthusiastic, enthralling, epicurean, erogenous, erotic, estimable, euphoric, euphemistic, evoking, excellent, exemplary, exciting, expansive, extenuative, exuberant, exquisite, fabulous, fascinating, flaunting, flamboyant, flawless, floozy, fervent, flirtatious, fleshly, flowery, fuckable, frothy, galvanic, gentle, gracious, gripping, glorious, gorgeous, haunting, harlot, hedonistic, heavenly, hot, holy, hypnotic, hypnotizing, impeccable, immaculate, impish, impressive, inciting, iniquitous, intriguing, interesting, inviting, intelligent, intense, introspective, juicy, kinky, lascivious, lavish, laudable, libidinous, licentious, lovely, lovable, libertine, likable, lickable, lubricious, luring, luscious, lush, lustful, luxurious, magnetic, magnificent, magnanimous, malleable, marvellous, mature, meritorious, mischievous, mesmerizing, munificent, mystical, natty, naughty, noble, nubile, nymphomaniac, obsequious, obstinate, opulent, ostentatious, passionate, perceivable, percipient, physical, pleasantly plump, pleasing, pleasurable, pleasure-loving, pleasure-seeking, pretty, primrose, promiscuous, profligate, promiscuous, positive, proactive, provocative, prurient, pulchritudinous, putain, puzzling, ravenous, ravishing, rapacious, restrained, rich, riveting, rousing, ravenous, ribald, salacious, scopious, sexy, seductive, sensuous, sensitive, sensational, sensuous, sensory, sensualistic, slut, splendid, spellbinding, sprightly, stimulating, stirring, stunning, sparkling, steamy, stupendous, stunning, sober, soft, sublime, submissive, succulent, strumpet, sumptuous, supple, sybaritic, sycophantic, symmetrical, tramp, stunning, sybaritic, tantalizing, temptress, transcendent, tempting, thoughtful, titillating, tolerant, and vicious, voluptuous, unique, wampole, whore, wild, wonderful, zippy and zealous.

I am attracted, bewitched, captivated, enamored, enraptured, entranced, aroused, and fascinated by your ethereal beauty. You are such a pulchritudinous woman, every man that beholds you surrenders to your beauty. No words can express your beauty and alluring personality. Mere words cannot express and communicate your extraordinary feminine beauty and erotic personality. With all the qualities you possess, you could have become a rich courtesan! Instead you have been leading a life of suffering woman.

I have been observing, admiring, appreciating you, your erotic beauty and alluring, erotic, exciting, gracious sexy personality for the last ten years with intense love and immense desire to have you, own you, posses you, take you, cuddle you, feel you, fondle you, kiss you, meet you, eat you, excite you, embarrass you, enter you, enjoy you, explore you, devour you, meet you, mate you and to unite with you but never get an opportunity to talk to you or meet you in person. Despite the deceptive, calm, sedate, subtle, subdued, orthodox, understated, sophisticated outward personality you present to the society, I know that you are a woman with abundant stored unfulfilled deep desires and sexual energy lurking inside like a simmering volcano of bold, untrammeled passion. I will make your volcano erupt and the hot lava pour out emptying you.

In the past, you might have often felt embarrassed by your desire, like it is something to be ashamed of -- after all, you are a woman. It is your relationship with desire, your physical, somatic experience of the potency of desire itself, that most frightens you. Desire in your body feels too big, too much, too out of control. Desire itself feels dangerous. You are like a volcano -- a mix of beauty, heat, fire that both destroys and creates.

You are a definition of female eroticism. There are many kinds of power, used and unused, acknowledged or otherwise. The erotic is a resource within a female that lies and firmly rooted in the power of unexpressed or unrecognized feeling. The erotic offers a well of replenishing and provocative force to the woman who does not fear its revelation, nor succumb to the belief that sensation is enough. Of course, women so empowered are dangerous. So we are taught to separate the erotic demand from the most vital areas of our lives other than sex. This is why the erotic is so feared, and so often relegated to the bedroom alone, when it is recognized at all. For once we begin to feel deeply all the aspects of our lives, we begin to demand from ourselves and from our life-pursuits that they feel in accordance with our deepest erotic knowledge and joy. Our erotic knowledge empowers us, becomes a lens through which we scrutinize all aspects of our existence, forcing us to evaluate those aspects honestly in terms of their relative meaning within our lives. And this is a grave responsibility, projected from within each of us, not to settle for the convenient, the shoddy, the conventionally expected, nor the merely safe.

I will help you to celebrate your female eroticism. I wonder what type of woman you are. You have qualities of Padmini and Hasthini as described in Vatsayana Kama sutra. Read the description of various types of woman. Try and figure out which one you are. It is not easy to define women's characteristics. It could be more complex to define a woman under one category. Each woman is unique having combination of characteristics and behave differently in each occasion depending on circumstances, opportunity, and societal restrictions.

There four types Padmini, Chitrini, Shankhini, and Hasthini. each type is subdivided into three categories called Mrigini, Ashvini, and the Karini, based on women's yoni size. Hence the combination of type and category makes into twelve different kinds of women.

It will be interesting to know what type and category of woman you are. It does not matter what type of woman you are! Because I love you as you are and want to have you as mine. I want to know everything about you. I am not asking for just friendship and love. I am asking you to be mine. You belong to me. I posses you. I own you. You are mine. You will be happy to be mine. You are my property. God created you for me. You should realize this.

Shyamalavathy, Know yourself. Identify what type of woman your are! I am sending you by separate register parcel containing Sari, Brasseries and Lingerie for you.

I am sure that you need a man to satisfy your urges, desire and needs both psychological and physical despite your mature age. I am the right man to understand and appreciate your qualities, help you know your own self and satisfy all your aspirations, dreams, desires, creative and fertile imaginations and fantasies. I have been trying to communicate with you telepathically. Tune your mind while you read my letters and then when you are thinking of me, It is easy to receive my mind and thoughts and to communicate with each other..

Lovingly & Intimately

Your Master Shiva

Chapter 3

She was not offended but amazed, amused, astound, captivated, delighted, ebullient, ecstatic, elated, joyous, happy, pleased, surprised, and thrilled and to receive such letters from an unknown man. He did not offer condolences or mention her recent widowhood. Instead he expressed his love. She tried to guess who could have written such a amorous letters? She wondered, 'Is someone known to her trying to take advantage of her being a widow.' The letter came from a faraway place as indicated by postal stamp on the envelope. His handwriting is beautiful. She received voluminous detailed handwritten letters on beautiful and elegant stationery admiring, apotheosizing, complementing, consecrating, eulogizing, ennobling, exalting, glorifying, idealizing, rhapsodizing and praising her beauty, expressing immense love and intense erotic desire. The letters increasingly became more amorous, romantic, bold, erotic and explicitly vivid and descriptive. She was not angry but happy. She was amused and enthralled.

She was overjoyed to receive Sari, Bras and Lingerie for you. She started waiting for his letter every day and reading them again and again experiencing the love. It is the first time in her life to receive such love letters. She never had an opportunity to share her thoughts and inner romantic feelings with anyone. However, all that changed when a mysterious lover begins to write to her. For the first time, she gets to know a man's inner soul that loves and desires her. Whoever he is, this man is interesting, intriguing and a mystery and the best thing that has ever happened to her. She was able to get to know his intense love, innermost feelings, immense desire for her. She wants to share her feelings. She wants him as her friend, lover and soul mate.

She thought that "we all tend to hide our true inner feelings in person but when writing a letter, it's easier to write our deepest feelings. She had never thought about it like that before. His letters were so romantic and explicitly erotic and it touched her heart and excited her like no other erotic and romantic story ever told. The act of writing encourages people to present a more profound and sincere picture of their true self. It is often easier to describe your heart in writing while you are alone than it is when you are talking about your feelings in front of another person. Indeed, self-disclosure in the initial stages of a relationship is often greater in letters than in offline communication. Moreover, unlike phone calls, letters can be reread again and again and thereby enhance romantic responses. When we write a letter, we have a sense of being in company, even if we are secluded. When we receive a letter, the feeling that we are not forgotten is prominent as well."
