 I had known Cindy for years; we both volunteered for a community service organization. When I met her, she was married to a nice, but rather dull guy, whereas she was a rather sassy, impetuous lady with a bawdy sense of humor. I figured, opposites attract. Cindy and I were good buddies, and there was a little mild flirting, but it never crossed the line of propriety. Once, during a meeting, she was sitting on the floor, wearing jeans, with her knees pulled up to her chest, and she happened to slowly part her legs. It just happened that our eyes met at that moment. Her face didn't change expression, but I had the feeling that there was a little telepathy there.

As the years went on, I got married, too. I didn't see so much of Cindy, but I noticed that she was starting to jazz up her appearance a bit -- she was now in her '50s, and still hot as can be, but probably beginning to wonder whether she still had it. She had her hair done more often, wore flashier clothes, and so on.

Last night, we were both at the center. I hadn't seen her for a while. I noticed that she had painted her toenails a deep red color, and her feet looked really great. She sat next to me and made conversation, and I found myself wondering what kind of panties she was wearing. I had a hunch that they were something provocative -- lacy, skimpy, some hot color. I was very distracted.

Later that evening, I had an argument with another staff member. I was really steamed. Cindy saw it, and offered a sympathetic ear. She gave me a ride home, and we stopped at the beer and wine emporium and picked up a couple of rather large bottles of dark ale. I was still a bit upset, and we stopped along the way in order to have a drink and talk as the sun was going down.

The ale was potent. I noticed that she smelled really good; it was very noticable within the confines of the car. I thought to myself, watch it. We kept talking in an animated way, and kept drinking -- the ale bottles seemed bottomless. The little voice that said "watch it" was becoming more and more distant.

Suddenly, on impulse, I reached for her ankle, took off her sandal, and began massaging her lovely foot. She exclaimed, "Wow, that feels great." "Watch it!" , said an impossibly distant little voice. She had shifted her hips, so that her legs were sprawled and her skirt rode up provocatively. Suddenly she reached for my neck, and pulled me in for a slow, liquid, lingering kiss. When it finally ended, I managed to say, "Hey, we're going to get ourselves in trouble here --" She put her finger to her lips for silence, and handed me my bottle of ale, which somehow was still substantially full. I took a long drink, because my mouth was very dry. She took a longer drink from hers.

Then she looked me in the eye, and hitched her skirt up, exposing her panties. The sun was going down, and I couldn't really tell what color they were, but they were skimpy, and lacy. I could see her pubic hair bursting out around the edges. I tried to protest, and she said, "Just touch me a little, I really need it." With all that ale taking possession of me, her request seemed completely reasonable.

I ran my finger along her crotch, and she made a low, growling, satisfied sound. Her panties were completely wet, and her pussy lips felt very swollen under the material. The little voice was completely gone now, and it seemed perfectly all right to slide my finger under the fabric, where I felt her fleshy folds, and that incredible wetness. I dipped my finger inside, and then it inevitably found its way to my mouth -- how delicious.

At that point, it seemed that our minds were on the same track, because she scooted backwards on the seat and stripped off her panties, while I knelt before her, took her ass in my hands, and plunged my face into her cunt. I took as much of it into my mouth as I could, circling her clit with my tongue. She was cumming, loudly and happily. Then she ordered me to lie down on the seat -- I can't understand how we could be so agile while so intoxicated. She swung around and planted her cunt right on my mouth where I wanted it, while she nimbly undid my pants, and slipped them down, and took my cock ALL THE WAY into her wonderful mouth.

I felt my orgasm building up, as I savored the beautiful taste of her abundant pussy juices. I knew she was cumming again, and so was I, and she kept sucking, and it was so satisfying. And then, she kept sucking, more gently at first, until I was completely hard again, while I continued to relish the delectable taste and smell and feel of her pussy against my face.

She got up off me, and I sat up, and she straddled me, teasing my erect cock with her dripping pussy, as she kissed me long and deep. Our faces were covered with the taste and smell of sex, as our tongues entwined and explored.

Very gradually, she lowered herself onto my cock, as my fingers found and pinched her nipples, and our mouthes never parted. She fit me like a glove. We held each other tight, and continued to kiss, until I had to release her nipples, and take hold of her ass, and we began to move. This was my old friend -- it dawned on me how much I had always wanted this, and I stopped to tell her so. She said she wanted it too -- then, she reached for her bottle of ale, and drained it, and I did the same. Then, her mouth was back on mine, and her cunt was gripping my cock with heavenly force, and the sun was down, and we kept moving together, relentlessly toward another orgasm.