 It was early February and I had spent the night in a hotel in Telford after visiting a client and was on my way to visit another client in Macclesfield before finally heading home to Greater Manchester.

First of all let me tell you a little about myself. I am an accountant called John and am in my early 60s. Most of my clients are based within an hour's drive of my office but very occasionally I have to stay overnight and when this happens I try to combine visits wherever possible so as to spend as little time away from home as I need to.

I had dealt with my client in Telford and had toyed with the idea of driving home and heading to Macclesfield direct from home the next morning but it was already dark and starting to snow very slightly and the Park Inn looked far too inviting to pass by especially once I realised a special mid-week deal applied. Well, we accountants know a good deal when we see one.

I had dinner and a couple of drinks before retiring early and as I glanced out of my window before slipping into bed I saw that the snow was still falling. I lay there for a few minutes wondering how travelling would be the next morning but then I fell into a deep sleep.

I woke early and looking again through the window it seemed it had snowed all night. I showered, dressed and grabbed breakfast before checking out and walking to my car. The snow was even deeper than it had appeared from by room window and I started to wish that I had taken the decision to drive home the night before. That way I could have rung my client in Macclesfield and rearranged the appointment. But as I was already south of my destination I decided that the least I could do was see how bad the roads were.

I set off across country bypassing Stafford and Stone and aiming to go around Stoke before cutting up to Macclesfield. I had done the journey before but never in snow. Snow that was still falling and getting ever deeper.

I was heading via a place called Longton when I saw the flashing blue lights ahead. There had been a smash and traffic had ground to a halt. Turning around seemed impossible and so I figured the best bet was to pull over to the side of the road and let the emergency services get on with their job. I parked in a safe spot and donning my coat set off to walk towards the flashing lights. Perhaps it was curiosity or perhaps just the need to stretch my legs but it was a walk that was about to change my day.

As I walked I saw someone at her front door. We made eye contact and although it was only for a fleeting second I felt myself drawn towards her. I got closer and she smiled a warm smile. I smiled back.

"You look frozen" she said "would you like to come inside for a coffee?"

I just nodded and walked towards her.

Little did I know that I was destined to share much more than coffee with Linda before the day was out.

I closed the front door of the house behind me and immediately realised how cold it was outside.

"I suppose I should introduce myself" the lady said with a smile "my name is Linda"

"And I am John" I volunteered, still a little embarrassed at having been welcomed so warmly by a total stranger. But that was all part of Linda's charm as I was to discover. A warmth and a generosity of spirit that made her special.

Linda showed me into the lounge and told me to make myself comfortable while she disappeared into the kitchen before returning with 2 mugs of coffee.

"I forgot to ask if coffee was ok" Linda smiled again.

"No, coffee is fine" I replied "anything warming is welcome. It's so good of you"

Linda was wearing a lime green top and a black skirt and the top was a little revealing, especially when she leant forward to put the mug of coffee before me. I tried to be a gentleman and not look but it was hard to ignore the flash of white lacy bra and even harder to ignore what it contained. My mind was wandering already.

We started to chat about anything and everything, from the accident on the road ahead, to the weather, to where I was heading to, our families and so much more.

In a very short time I felt I knew Linda. We seemed to have a lot in common and almost immediately I felt totally comfortable in her company and in her home. It started to feel as if I had known her for years and not minutes.

As I grew more comfortable I started to take in even more of Linda's appearance. She was a lady of a similar age to myself, perhaps a few years younger. Her hair was a chocolate brown and shoulder length. The hair surrounded a face that had clearly been quite stunning in her youth and was still very attractive. There was no hint of make-up but her natural beauty did not need it. Her eyes sparkled and when she smiled the room lit up.

Linda wore glasses but that was not a problem to me. I could never understand why some men were put off by glasses as I found them quite sexy. They seemed to add to the mystery of a woman and also seemed to imply intelligence in the wearer. I have always found something sexy about bright and intelligent women and from our conversation Linda came across as bright and articulate. 

Her lips looked enticing as she spoke and my mind started to wonder how it would feel to be kissing them. Perhaps my mind was racing ahead of me but there was something very special and very sexy about Linda and with every passing minute my mind was wandering more and more in directions it perhaps shouldn't.

Breaking eye contact from time to time my eyes were drawn to Linda's breasts. I had always been a man who hated those skinny model types and much preferred women who looked like women, with curves in all the right places. Linda ticked all the boxes in the curve department and that lime green top showed her cleavage to good effect. Her breasts were rounded and more than ample and the more I looked at them the harder it became to maintain eye contact. I kept thinking back to that flash of lacy white bra and was starting to feel more than a little aroused. 

Maintaining eye contact with Linda was not the only thing that was becoming harder.

Looking back I sensed that Linda could see the effect she was starting to have on me.

As my eyes strayed more and more to Linda's breasts I would swear I could make out the outlines of her nipples hardening and becoming more prominent. Much later she did tell me that she realised that I was attracted to her and the effect she was causing and this, in turn, was arousing her too.

As we carried on chatting I noticed Linda cross and un-cross her legs which drew my attention to them. Despite the weather her legs were bare. The skirt was quite loose and as she crossed and un-crossed her legs there was a brief glimpse of her lower thighs. 

I was not the type of man who acted on impulse, we accountants rarely are, but there was something magnetic about Linda. An hour ago we had never met and yet I was beginning to think that Fate had more in store for us than just this brief encounter.

Much as I was enjoying the conversation with Linda my thoughts were straying elsewhere. I was starting to undress her in my head. There was something so prim and proper about her but also something that hinted at a tigress hidden deep inside. Passions locked away that needed the right man to find that key. I wondered if I could be that man.

The phone rang and broke my train of thought. It was Linda's husband making contact. He was a lorry driver who had left early for a trip towards the Peak District. The snow had not been too bad when he set off but now he was stuck in a roadside halt with several other drivers. They were busy enjoying the adventure of being semi-stranded in the wilds of Derbyshire and it might be late when he got home.

Linda smiled as she recounted the information to me.

"It looks like Macclesfield is not the best place to be heading for right now. Fancy another coffee??"

I smiled and nodded. I was grateful for any excuse to spend as much time as I could with Linda.

As she walked away from me to the kitchen door I watched her hips sway and saw the outline of her backside through the skirt. My mind was racing again.

My life at home was one that had not featured sexual contact for many years and I had never been one to look for pleasures elsewhere. I had buried myself in my work and also some voluntary work and told myself that my days as a sexual man were behind me. Not that there had been too many of those days. But as I watched Linda disappear into the kitchen I felt the urge to follow her. Was this what she wanted too? Had I misread the signals?

Before I had a chance to doubt my gut reaction I stood up and followed Linda into the kitchen. She had her back to me as I crept up behind her. I wasn't sure if this was about to be the biggest mistake of my life or the start of something special but something told me that I would regret it forever if I did not make some kind of move.

I had known Linda for little more than an hour, I did not even know her surname but there was a sexual chemistry growing between us that I could not ignore.

I lifted Linda's hair and kissed the back of her neck. Then I waited for her to turn and slap my face. But she didn't - and so I kissed it again. I heard her sigh gently.

Linda made no attempt to turn and face me. I later found out she was somewhat embarrassed at my actions but did not want to frighten me off by doing anything. She had felt the connection between us as much as I did and just wanted to go with the flow.

I was not a man who would ever force my attentions on a woman but Linda was showing no signs of objecting to my actions and so as I carried on kissing her neck my hands slid under her arms and cupped her breasts. Linda sighed again and as I started to fondle and caress her breasts through her top and bra I sensed her sigh more and more. 

Her tits felt better than I could have imagined, despite the clothing between them and my hands. I was trying to be gentle but I could feel with every second that Linda's nipples were responding. Getting harder and bigger.

Linda's hands came up to mine and for one second I presumed that she thought that things had gone far enough, but she started to use them to demonstrate that she wanted me to become firmer and more meaningful in my approach to her tits.

She guided my hands to her nipples and indicated how she wanted me to tweak them and squeeze them through the fabric between. Finally she took both my hands and guided then down and inside her lime-green top before resting then on the cups of her bra. Then she left my hands to do their job as they rolled and tweaked her nipples though the lace and fondled the expanses of beautiful flesh.

These actions only served to demonstrate that Linda was just as much a willing participant in all of this as I was myself and with this confidence I was soon undoing the fastening of Linda's bra so that there was nothing between her magnificent tits and my hands. They felt amazing and her nipples were like none I had ever felt before - hard and stood proud like organ stops.

My head was racing to images of them deep in my mouth and the pleasure that would bring us both.

I felt Linda pushing back against me - she could clearly feel the hardness of my cock as it seemed to press in between the cheeks of her arse through that black skirt. Especially as by know I was pushing it up and down gently in a humping motion.

Suddenly Linda's hands were behind her backside and rubbing the front of my trousers, trying to get a grip of my cock through them. She was starting to moan in the way of a woman that wanted more.

She was trying to undo my zip but was struggling because of the situation and so I decided as a gentleman it was only right to help her. I removed my hands from her tits and lowered my trouser zip. Then I undid my belt and also the waist fastening of the trousers. The trousers fell to my knees.

Earlier Linda had guided me when playing with her tits and it was my turn to repay the favour now. I took her hands and guided them into my boxers. She gasped as her right hand took hold of my hard cock.

She gently started to use her hands to make it even bigger and for my part I gently eased my boxers down and out of the way to help.

By now she was wanking me gently with her right hand and gently squeezing my balls with her left.

I had to have this incredibly sexy lady.

I lifted the black skirt to find very plain white knickers that she later described to me as "sensibles" - saying that she would have worn something much sexier if she had known what the day was about to bring. But right at that minute Linda ouzed sex-appeal. She was most definitely sexy in sensibles.

I toyed with the idea of lowering them but wanted her right there and then and I sensed she wanted me to. I moved the crotch of those "sensibles" to one side and as Linda bent forward against the kitchen work-tops I was soon sliding gently past the crotch of those knickers and inside the lips of her pussy. 

Linda was so wet and I slid in easily, deep inside her. Her pussy muscles held me firmly there. There was no escape, not that I wanted to escape.

I started to thrust gently and with each inward thrust Linda moaned. The deeper and harder the thrust the louder the moan. The lady in her was becoming that tigress I had imagined earlier and she was starting to say things to me - the kind of language only lovers shared. The kind of language that made me realise she was enjoying this even more than me.

I later found out that Linda's home situation was not dissimilar to mine, the physical side of her marriage had gone the way of many marriages after 30+ years together and this experience was the first sex she had enjoyed for many years. And enjoying it she most certainly was.

"Oh god that's amazing," Linda moaned "please don't stop."

I had no intention of stopping and told her so in no uncertain terms.

It felt so surreal that 2 hours ago I had never met Linda, even now we had never kissed and yet here I was in her kitchen, fucking her doggie-style as if it was the most natural thing in the world.

Linda lifted her left leg onto the washing machine door and she bent more forward across the sink. It was clearly a more comfortable position for her and with her legs more open I could penetrate even deeper inside her. Linda later told me that she loved me being so deep inside her and the excitement of my balls banging against those white sensibles. 

I felt Linda's right hand take my own and guide it round to her clit and as I started to touch it through her knickers her moans got louder and deeper. I soon found my way inside the knickers to stroke that clit properly and Linda continued to moan her approval. Her hands had disappeared up the front of her top and were clearly playing with her nipples as I rubbed a clit that was so hard and so sensitive. I continued burying my cock over and over again into Linda's hot, wet pussy.

It was a long time since I had witnessed a female orgasm but I sensed it was getting quite close.

Linda confirmed it.

"Oh my God I'm cumming." she moaned through gritted teeth "Fuck me harder - please."

That spurred me on to greater efforts and with each deep thrust I knew the moment was so close for Linda. She started to shake and tremble and let out noises that felt so unusual but, at the same time, so welcome.

Her pussy had been wet from the very start but now it was dripping, dripping with her hot cum which felt like a hot tap had been turned on - it felt as if she had been storing it up just for this moment as I felt it start to drip from my balls onto my thighs and down on to the floor.

The thrill of having aroused Linda so much drove me on to continue thrusting deep inside her and moments later I felt the first signs of my own orgasm. I reached the point of no return and thought I had better warn Linda.

"I'm cumming too." I warned.

That only served to drive Linda even wilder. She later told me how much she missed that sensation of a man cumming deep inside her and she was determined to enjoy every second.

"Oh yes," she said excitedly, "Fill me up with your cum. I want that so badly. I want to feel it dripping down my thighs."

Soon her wish came true as I started to pump and pump deep inside her, so much that her pussy could not hope to contain it and it ran hot and sticky down the insides of both her thighs.

Eventually I could thrust no more and started to feel myself going softer. We stood up and Linda turned round to face me. We made eye contact.

Just then the phone rang again. Linda adjusted her skirt and answered it. It was her husband updating her on his situation.

Linda looked at me and smiled as she replaced the receiver.

"It's still snowing quite badly. It looks as if my husband won't be back for ages."

A naughty look came on her face as she started to gently play with my limp cock.

"How about we go upstairs and make ourselves more comfortable. And when I can breathe some life back into this thing you can fuck me again - this time in bed."

I lifted my trousers temporarily as Linda took my hand and led me to the stairs.

It looked as if that second mug of coffee would have to wait.