 She wasn't waiting for him. She was simply enjoying her morning coffee, and the window she was staring out of just happened to overlook the parking lot where he always parked. She didn't purposely show up early, she had just been worried about traffic. She really wanted to impress her shift supervisor. It had nothing to do with him. 

Until he roared into view. She heard the motorcycle before she saw him. She could feel the rumble from her toes all the way up her thighs, and she tingled slightly as she watched him. He swung his leg over the black and chrome body and pulled his helmet off. God he was good-looking – always with that three-days beard growth, slightly disheveled hair, jeans and his motorcycle jacket. No need to wear work clothes, since they all changed at the hospital, anyway. 

And that wasn't a bad thing – he looked great in his greens, too. What was it about scrubs that were so sexy, she wondered to herself? Maybe it was because of the way they were designed - easy to remove, especially the pants – untie that drawstring at the waist and off they went. Or, it might be the fact that they were all the same – so she got pretty good at telling what was under them. His hung lose on his torso, tight on his arms and across his back. He must be so strong – just thinking about his arms around her gave her goosebumps. Just thinking about what filled out his pants made her temperature rise. 

She knew his name was Hank... she'd sleuthed that out the day she first saw him. 

They'd had a few brief conversations in the elevator, and one outside the ICU, waiting for a patient to arrive. She had walked up, and he was sitting down, palm to his forehead, shaking his head back and forth. "Hey, are you okay?" she asked. He hadn't noticed that she was standing in front of him. 

He looked up at her and smiled. "Oh, yeah. Thanks. I just... well, my little brother is an idiot, that's all." 

She laughed. "I have one of those, too. Not much you can do but let them make their own mistakes." He started to say something else, when the elevator opened and their patient was being wheeled towards them. 

It had been a hard week, and she was happy to see it end. She was meeting friends after work, so she had changed in the locker room. She was in the parking lot, wearing satin capri pants and 4 inch heels, staring at a flat tire on the car she had received as a college graduation present. She heard the bike before she saw it, felt the rumble of the engine and she immediately knew who it was. 

"Looks like you're slightly over-dressed to change a tire..." he said, laughing. 

She rolled her eyes at him and said "Um, not exactly what I planning on doing just right now. I'm actually late to meet some friends." 

"I can give you a lift if you'd like, but the helmet might mess up your hair. Wasn't it up earlier?" Her heart fluttered a little. It had been up in a bun, out of her face for work, but she had let it down, falling in soft waves around her shoulders, to go out. "Oh, it's just hair" she said blithely, grabbing the helmet from him. She sat behind him on the bike, and put her hands tentatively at his waist. 

"Honey," he said, "You're going to have to get a little friendlier than that. Don't worry, I don't bite." 

She laughed nervously, but what she really thought was, I wouldn't mind a little biting. She pressed herself right up against his back and held her arms tightly across his chest. 

"Hold on tight," he said, and they took off. 

It wasn't but a few minutes, and they pulled up in front of the club. "Thanks" she said, as she reluctantly removed her hands from around him, and slid off the side of the bike. 

"It was my pleasure" he said smiling, and then drove off. Her friends were none-too-shy about demanding details as soon as she walked in. 

"Whoa! Who's the hottie?" 

"What's his name?" 

"Where can I get one?" 

She held her hands up in mock self-defense. 

"Okay, okay, one at a time... His name is Hank. He's a doctor at my hospital. I don't know him very well, but his bike got very friendly with me." 

They all laughed, and her friend Sarah said, "No fair – it's my birthday, but it looks like you got the gift!" 

The next day, as she was waiting for AAA to come change her tire, she saw him drive by. Just the thought of him, and his vibrating ride, left her all-a-quiver. She'd heard of people hooking up in the supply closet, and she was wondering how she could drop the hint to him that she was DTF. Which would sound a little skanky, if she was to actually say it, so she would probably refrain from using those exact words... but she hoped he would utilize his ESP and pick up on the vibe. 

He stepped into the elevator. She smiled at him, and said "Thanks for the ride the other day..." 

He raised his eyebrows and smirked as he replied "I'll give you a ride any day, Nurse Dayna." 

This must have been her lucky day – she decided to be bold. "Hmmmm, really? It just so happens I need a ride to the bar after work." 

He smiled and said "I'll see you on the back of my bike at six..." 

She was nervous. Maybe he hadn't meant it – it could have been just a flirty elevator comment. But she rolled the dice, re-applied her lipstick, and went out to the parking lot at 5:55. He sauntered out the door at 6:01 with the confidence she expected from a hot-shot surgeon. He grabbed her hand as he walked past her and said "Where to?" 

"Um, On The Rocks?" she said. There certainly were bars located closer to the hospital, but that would afford her less time holding onto him. 

"Let's hit it," he replied, and threw his leg over the back of his Triumph, pulling her with him. 

It took seven delicious minutes to drive to the bar. Four hundred and twenty seconds of her arms around his chest and the power of ninety-five horses between her legs. She was smiling as she walked in beside him. The post-work crowd was a typical mix of suits, scrubs, and hipsters. There was one unoccupied high-top table in the corner, and they headed straight to it. Once they sat down, they were immediately greeted by a waiter. 

"Yeah?" he asked. Dayna laughed. Hank ordered a whiskey, neat, and she ordered a Manhattan. Both men looked a little dubious at the choice, but neither said anything. 

"So, " Hank said, "You needed a ride here? Are you meeting someone?" He started to look around. 

Dayna smiled. "No... I just wanted to ride on your bike." And they both laughed. "Seriously, I wanted to thank you for giving me a ride the other day. It was birthday drinks for my friend Sarah, and I was already running late. I really appreciate it. So, this round's on me." 

He smiled and shrugged his shoulders. "If you insist..." 

She liked the fact he didn't argue, or act all macho about it. The waiter returned with their drinks as they were rehashing what had happened at the hospital earlier that day. He had spent most of the day working on a 17 year-old kid who came in with a gunshot wound to his face. She had spent hers in the NICU, working with critical care infants. 

"I don't actually love how this drink tastes" she said, as she put the Manhattan up to her lips, "but they ALWAYS come with cherries." With that, she popped the stem in her mouth, and ten seconds later, plucked a neat little red knot off her tongue. 

He started to laugh, as he said, "I've never actually seen anyone do that!" 

"Oh yeah... I got free drinks all through college," she replied, laughing. "You utilize all the skills you need for a good mouth trick – Your tongue. Your teeth. And suction." 

He stopped laughing and said huskily "I wonder what else you can do with that tongue?" 

She thought about being coy, or playing hard to get, and decided to hell with that. She'd been fantasizing about him for months. She couldn't wait to see what he could do with his surgeon's hands, let alone the rest of him. She licked the last of her drink off her lips and said, "Your place or mine?" 

Back on the bike, she got as close to him as possible, pressing herself up against his back. It took all of her will-power to not put her hands directly in his crotch as they rode the to his house. She couldn't wait to get her hands on his cock. And with the vibration of the bike going straight to her core, it wasn't going to take much to send her over the edge. 

It was a short ride from the bar to his house. Dayna tried to look around and assess his place, but as soon as they got off the bike, he started to kiss her. His hands were on her back, pulling her into his broad chest. She had one hand on the back of his neck, and the other found its way down to his ass. She moved them both to his waist, and then snaked them underneath his shirt, her hands finding their way up to his firm pecs. Finally she broke from his kiss, laughing. 

"You gonna show me the rest of your nest, or are we just going to make out in the driveway like teenagers?" 

He smiled, shook his head slightly, grabbed her hand and headed inside. 

"This is the entry way, and here is the living room." She pulled off his shirt. "Beyond that, is the kitchen..." She stopped him from talking with a kiss. 

"Yeah." She said, and then kissed him again. "I don't care." She kissed him hungrily, as he began undressing her. He pulled off her shirt, and palmed her nipple through her red lace bra. He pulled down the other cup, exposing her breast, and took her nipple in his mouth, running his tongue and teeth over her sensitive skin. Her head dropped back and she moaned "That feels amaaaaazing". He undid her pants and slid them off, urging her down on the couch. She was already breathing fast – he knew she was on the brink. He didn't even bother to take off her red satin panties – just pushed them to the side as he pushed two fingers into her and she gasped. "Oh, fuck..." she said breathlessly, as his deft fingers danced up and down, in and out. Her hips began to buck against him – his tongue flicking her nipple and his thumb circling her clit. He thrust his fingers inside her just a few more times before she completely dissolved - quivering and panting. 

"That didn't take very long" he said, teasingly. 

"I blame your bike" she said laughing. 

"So, what was it you asked back at the bar, about my tongue?" she said, unbuttoning his pants and stroking his cock. 

"I think I asked what else it could do, besides that cherry-stem trick," he said, while she kissed down his chest, down his torso. "Uuhhh, I..." he closed his eyes and his head rolled back as she took him in her mouth. She licked him up and down his length, putting her mouth around the end, and then sucking. 

He put his hands in her hair, squeezing the back of her head as she took him all the way in her mouth, the tip of his shaft at the back of her throat. Slowly she pulled her head back, lightly grazing his length with her teeth as she went. Once she got to the end, she began licking the top like an ice-cream cone. He shuddered slightly, and she laughed. 

"Although you are slightly more challenging than a cherry stem" she said, while firmly stroking his shaft, "the same principles apply..." 

"You see, first we have tongue" she said, licking the tip. "Then, teeth" she said, biting down into his girth. He shuddered again. "And... suction" and with that, she began sucking the end of his cock in earnest, while simultaneously stoking the base. She deftly switched between the three techniques – licking, sucking, and biting... licking, sucking, and biting, until she brought him to the brink. 

""Oooh,, oh... Dayna, I'm... about to..." he said, warning her. 

She laughed a little. "Yeah, that's kinda the point..." she said, and with that she sucked him as hard and deep as she could. He grasped the back of her head, his breath coming in short gasps, and as his hips jerked, he unloaded into her mouth. He exhaled and fell back against the couch. She stood up, went to the kitchen, and grabbed a glass of water. 

"Uh, Doctor Hank? Any chance you have a toothbrush I could borrow?" 

He mumbled something incoherent, still horizontal on the couch. 

"Ok, well, I'll take that as help yourself"... she said, smiling. 

She wandered back beyond the kitchen, and found the bathroom. She grabbed his toothbrush and toothpaste from the top drawer, and laughed to herself. Everything was sooo tidy and orderly. She wasn't surprised - he was a surgeon after all - but seeing all his personal care items laid out like sterilized medical instruments was funny. As she brushed her teeth she wandered into his bedroom. Everything was in soothing shades of blue and gray. His bed was a mess of sheets, pillows, and blankets, but his closet was completely organized, everything exactly in place. 

She wandered back into the bathroom to rinse her mouth. As she stood up, she saw him walk around the corner. 

"There you are..." he said. "I was wondering if you ran off." 

She rolled her eyes and said "I left my car at the hospital... we got here on your giant vibrator, remember?" 

He laughed and grabbed her by the waist, kissing her. "Good" he said, "because I'm not done with you yet..." With that, he pulled her into the bedroom. 

He sat down on the edge of the bed, and pulled her toward him, until she was straddling his legs, facing him. He kissed her, and with one hand in her hair, ran his other hand down her back. It stopped at her bra, and with the flick of his fingers, the clasp was undone. She gasped slightly and looked at him. 

He laughed. "Yeah, I can undo a bra with one hand. It's how I got free drinks all through college." 

She laughed, pushed him onto the bed, and laying down on top of him. "You have mighty talented hands, Hank." 

He rolled on top of her and said "They aren't even my best attribute." 

"Oh, really...?" She asked, as he simultaneously kissed her and helped free her of her panties. 

"Let me guess. Your feet?" she said, giggling. 

"Oh God, no. I'm a terrible dancer." 

"Your hair?" 

"Really? I'm already starting to thin at my temples." 

"I give up. What, pray tell, is your best attribute?" 

"Well" he said, kissing her, running his hands down the length of her body, "I know it's decidedly un-sexy for a guy to talk about himself in the third person, so I'm just going to have to show you..." 

With that he hitched her knees up and buried his cock deep inside her. Her back arched, her eyes rolled back in her head, and she inhaled sharply. "Wow" she gasped, "I think you're right. Your hands are great, but not quite as good as this." He pulled himself almost out of her, then slammed back in, pushing her knees towards her ears. She was pretty sure her teeth were rattling. "Oh. My. God" she managed to get out between thrusts. He pounded into her without restraint, and she loved every minute of it. 

She felt light headed – good thing she was getting banged by a doctor – if she passed out, at least he would know what to do. As wave after wave of orgasm ripped through her, she called out his name, and hoped he would find release soon – otherwise they were going to have to put "Literally fucked to death" on her tombstone. With one final "Aaaahhhh" he collapsed on top her, and she exhaled. She hadn't realized she had been holding her breath. 

So this is why the French called it "the little death..." She was barely conscious after that pounding. She closed her eyes and was almost immediately asleep. 

She woke to a light tickling on her arm. "Dayna," Hank said, "I'm sorry to wake you – but I have to get back to the hospital, and I don't know your schedule. You're welcome to sleep here, but I didn't want you to wonder what happened if you woke up and I was gone..." 

She rubbed her eyes and looked at the clock. Shit, her next shift stared in less than an hour. 

"I guess I need a ride," she said, half smiling. 

"Like I said" Hank said, smiling back, "I'll give you ride any day..."