 My mother was French and she named me Bonaparte. Only a few people know that because for as long as I can remember I’ve been called Bo. I’m in my late fifties and seriously considering early retirement from my five-day, nine-to-five job as regional manager of a major wholesaler. My wife, Rita, is a real estate agent. She often is away from home evenings, week- ends, and frequently overnight to attend seminars. We’ve been married almost twenty-six years.

I love my wife, but as far as I’m concerned our sex life went to hell at least ten years ago. I masturbate frequently, usually while looking at photos in Penthouse. And I often fantasize about the woman next door.

Her name is Patricia, better known as Pat. She and her husband, Rick, moved here about seven years ago. Since then, I’ve become fairly-well acquainted with them. Pat is attractive and, to me, sexy as can be. I’ve seen her in a snug-fitting top, apparently not wearing a bra, so I know she has rather small breasts with big nipples. She works at an accounting firm and has the same hours as I do. Rick’s job requires a lot of travel, which upsets Pat because he often has to be gone overnight and weekends.

On a warm Saturday morning, the phone rang just after my wife had left to attend an all-day meeting in a town which is a two-hour drive from here. When I answered the phone, a sexy voice that I immediately recognized, said, "Bo, this is Pat. Rick’s gone this weekend and I need some help. When you get a chance, will you give me a hand?"

"No problem. I’ll be right over."

When I arrived at Pat’s, she told me, "I’m replacing fluorescent tubes in our kitchen. The last time I did, I dropped one of them and shattered glass all over the place."

"I’ll be glad to do the job for you."

"Thanks, but all I’d like for you to do is stand by the ladder to hand me the tubes and to catch one if I happen to drop it."

We went to the kitchen. She climbed the ladder as I stood beside it and handed her a tube. As she reached to install it, I looked up her skirt and felt myself getting hard. Her legs were far enough apart for me to see the strip of pink panties nestled in her crotch and between the luscious cheeks of her ass. After installing the second tube, she momentarily lost her balance and suddenly lurched. I still was looking up her skirt. Thinking she was about to fall, I instinctively grabbed her leg. Above the knee. 

"Watch it, buster," she snarled.

"That’s what I was doing."

"What’s what you were doing?" she asked indignantly.

"I was trying to watch it."

"Watch what?" she growled as she climbed down the ladder.

"The place between your legs."

"That’s disgusting. You’re nothing but a dirty old man."

"That’s for sure. As a matter of fact, I’ve wanted to lick you there from the moment I first saw you."

"You’re perverted. Go home." 

When I got home, I recalled how nice it had been to see up Pat’s skirt. I considered jacking off while the image was fresh in my mind. But I decided to wait, and work off my frustration by painting our deck chairs, a job I’d avoided for weeks.

I couldn’t stop thinking of Pat. And each time I did, I got a hard-on. When the phone rang, it took me a minute or so before I could answer. It was Pat. "Bo, I apologize for what I said a while ago. Can you come over?"

"Sorry, I’m in the middle of painting. I’ll come over when as I can. What’s up?"

"I’ll tell you when I see you."

Several hours later, Pat answered my knock and invited me in. I’m terribly sorry I called you perverted. And I’ve been wondering if you meant what you said when you were here."

"About looking up your dress? I sure did."

"No, not that. You said you’d like to lick me between my legs. Did you mean it?"

"God, yes." 

I got a hard-on as she told me about her sex life. She and Rick make love several times a week. Lucky guy. She loves fellatio. I really envied him. And she loves cunnilingus. He didn’t like to lick her snatch and only rarely did so just to please her. Stupid bastard. 

"You’ll probably think I’m horrible, but I’d love to have you lick me while you’re here. Will you?" 

I got on my knees. "Just lift your skirt and I’ll take off your panties."

"Oh, Bo," she said, "I’m more than ready." She took my hand. "But let’s go in the bedroom."

When we were seated on the bed, she said, "I’m not wearing any panties." Although I didn’t think it was possible, my penis got even harder.

My eyes were burning a hole through her clothes. "Let’s get undressed," I urged. If we don’t, my prick is going to bust open my zipper." She took off her skirt and blouse as I took off my clothes.

When she scooted back onto the bed, I reveled in her nakedness. "Jesus, Pat, your body’s better looking than a lot of those I’ve seen in Playboy and Penthouse. And your nipples are so unbelievably suckable I hardly can wait to taste them." 

"I’d love to have you suck my nipples, but right now I’d much rather have your mouth between my legs." She spread her thighs as I knelt and opened her cunt lips with my thumbs. She glistened wetly, invitingly. I couldn’t believe I actually was looking at the delectable spot I had for years longed to see.

When I put my lips against her curl-covered pussy, I didn’t know whether to kiss it, nibble it, lick it, probe it or suck it. I did all five. As she became even wetter, I moved my mouth to her firm clit and gently sucked. She tasted heavenly as she writhed against my face. When she came, she drenched my mouth with the most-wonderful-tasting warmth imaginable. I licked my fill, then moved beside her on the bed.

We both were breathing heavily in the aftermath of passion. I fondled one of her gorgeous nipples. Our eyes met, hot and intense. "What you just did was fantastic," she sighed. "That was the absolutely best orgasm I’ve had in a long time." 

I hungrily sucked a nipple as she placed her hand around my prick and stroked it. "You’re not circumcised," she said. "I like the way I can feel your foreskin slide back and forth over the knob. I want to look at you because I’ve never seen an uncircumcised cock."

She turned around so that her face was near my crotch. I almost purred as I felt her warm breath on my pubic hair and her hand moving up and down around my prick. Suddenly her soft, 

wet mouth engulfed it. Good grief, the woman for whom I lusted was eagerly sucking me.

"Pat," I groaned in ecstasy as I fondled her lush cunt, "I’m going to come." "Uh huh," she mumbled. Then I came. Instead of releasing me from her mouth, she swallowed. This never before had happened to me. All I could do was weakly utter her name.

For several minutes, during which time my cock softened, Pat laid with her head on my stomach. Neither of us spoke as she moved up beside me. Our gazes locked as we felt emotion too powerful to express.

I put my arm around her and she rested her head on my chest. Minutes passed.

"I can’t believe we’re lying here naked as though it’s the most natural thing in the world," I said.

"I was thinking the very same thing. But I’m not the least bit sorry or ashamed about what we’ve done."

With that, we began talking just as we often had out in the yard.

Soon, my prick started to harden. I ran my hand along Pat’s side and ass. She raised her head, looked at me intimately and snuggled me to her breasts.

I put my hand on the back of her head and pulled her mouth to mine. Our mouths opened. Kissing her was more pleasurable than I ever had dreamed. Her wet tongue was so warm I couldn’t seem to get enough of it. She obviously felt the same for our tongues plunged and sucked longingly and wantonly.

She rubbed her leg against my thigh and fire raged in my crotch as she swung her body over mine and lowered herself around my hard-on. I grasped her hips, raised her slightly, then tugged her down until our pubic hair tangled.

She smiled lewdly and squirmed from side to side. We made love with exquisite slowness, watching each other and tenderly relishing the pleasure we were sharing. We finally reached the point where we couldn’t wait. Her come drenched my prick and balls as mine spurted far inside her.

When she collapsed on my chest, I wondered how soon we’d again spend such sexually- gratifying time together.