 This is a standalone scene from the next book that I'm working on. As always, I appreciate feedback constructive criticism. Thanks!

****

When Chris entered his apartment, Paige was waiting for him, perched on the edge of his desk, legs crossed, reading a book.

"Hey, baby, I missed you," he said, as he closed the door behind him.

She looked up from the book she was reading and peered at him over her glasses.

Glasses?

She put a finger to her shiny red lips, said, "Shhhhh," and turned back to her book.

Chris's mouth quirked into a grin as he took a moment to really look at her. Paige had her hair up in a slightly disarrayed bun, and in addition to the glasses she was wearing a tight pencil skirt, and hose, and sexy pumps... and a tight cardigan sweater unbuttoned too far with what appeared to be a black lace bra peeking out from underneath.

She heard a sound that could only be described as a soft growl come from Chris, and struggled to keep her stern demeanor while continuing to study her book.

"You look so hot."

"Shhhh!" She repeated her admonishment, and added, "This is a library!" in a whisper with what was supposed to be a harsh glare. It almost succeeded, but Chris was now standing next to her, and his presence was more distracting than she had anticipated. He was warm - she could feel the heat flowing from his body - and his breathing had already picked up.

"Oh," he whispered quietly, his mouth close enough to her neck that she could feel his breath. "I'm sorry," he breathed into her ear. "Can you help me find something?"

Paige sat up, closed her book, and uncrossed her legs.

"Of course, sir," she replied, standing up in a way that accentuated the shortness of her skirt. Chris thought he caught a glimpse of the top of a stocking, but wasn't sure. Just the idea added to the already rapid blood flow to his groin. As did looking down the open front of Paige's sweater as she stood in front of him.

"What are you looking for today?" she asked, pushing her glasses up on her nose.

Chris glanced around his apartment quickly, and replied, "Poetry. British poetry." His voice was rough as he tried to keep to a whisper. "Do you have anything like that?"

"We do," she replied, briefly taking hold of his tie near the knot and then running her fingers down it. "Please follow me."

Paige was standing close enough to him that she brushed the front of his suit pants as she turned, and she smiled to herself when she felt the hard bulge underneath, and heard his quick intake of breath.

Walking slowly, with a sway that emphasized every curve, Paige made her way over to the big bookshelf near the window. She took her time, first reaching up over her head standing on her toes, which pulled the cardigan up and exposed her midriff. Chris was standing close behind her, and ran his hands softly across the exposed skin.

Paige turned her head and said quietly, "Sir, please, keep your hands to yourself while I find your book," and grinned to herself again at the resulting sound of aroused frustration.

She continued perusing the bookshelf, bending over at the waist to look closely at the book bindings, which allowed the back of the tight skirt to lift over the tops of the stockings, showing the garters that held them up.

The groan from Chris was loud enough to allow her to shush him again, turning from her bent position, causing more exposure.

As she reached the lowest shelf, she got down on her knees, spreading her legs slightly, hitching the skirt higher on her thighs to make room. Tilting the compilation of English poetry from the shelf, she asked over her shoulder, "Is this what you were looking for?"

Chris knelt down behind her, one knee between her legs, and said, "Yes, that's exactly what I'm looking for, as he ran his hands up the outsides of her thighs, moving her skirt even higher.

"Are you sure, sir?" Paige's voice was a breathy whisper, and she gasped as his hands now came over her skirt and up over her sweater to cup her breasts.

"Are there other books that might be better than that one?" he asked into her ear as he teased her nipples into hard points through her clothing.

Paige could feel his swollen arousal pressed against her, and the insistent throbbing between her own thighs was making it more difficult to keep up the conversation.

"Possibly."

"Then please keep looking." Chris smiled against her neck as she shuddered from the nipple play.

Paige made a point of "looking," whispering the titles and authors of each book across the shelf. Chris had now backed up a bit, and had pulled her skirt even higher.

"Isn't it customary for librarians to wear panties?" he asked, his hands having reached her hips.

"Yes, sir," she replied.

"Then it seems you might be somewhat of a unconventional librarian, as it appears that you are wearing none."

"Yes, sir."

She lost track of what he was doing for a moment, and was going to turn, when she felt his hand wrap around her thighs as he moved his head under her, between her legs, lying face up on the floor. Paige gasped at the sudden feel of his hair brushing her inner thighs, and panted as his gently blew on her swollen lips.

"You are absolutely not wearing panties, miss."

She whimpered loudly as he placed one kiss on her labia.

"Shhhhh." He had his face near her skin, so she felt the sound. "This is a library. You need to stay quiet."

And then he pulled her down onto his mouth.

Paige gripped the bookshelf as she moved against his hot, teasing, oh-so-talented mouth, unable to keep still, and unable to keep entirely quiet, as he drove her to distraction.

But he wasn't trying to take her over the edge. He was trying to bring her to the edge, and keep her there.

And he was succeeding.

Paige was moving against him more desperately, and had given up trying to be quiet. She reached down with one hand and gripped his hair.

"Chris, please," she panted, and then made a sound of desperate frustration as he pushed away from her and slid back out between her legs and moved behind her.

"Put your hands back on the bookcase and don't move." He rasped the instructions into her ear as he unzipped and pushed his pants and boxers down.

Heart pounding, hips still moving in desperate need, Paige complied. Her moan mixed with his low groan as he slid into her from behind, all the way in on the first thrust, and then held there.

"Now," he said, reaching around to stroke her clit with his fingers, "don't make a sound. This is a library, miss."

Paige disappeared, transformed into hot, wet bliss as Chris thrust deeply into her, again and again, circling his finger in a rhythm with his hips, trying to comply with his request for silence. She pressed back against him, trying to take him even deeper, feeling the pressure building, spreading underneath her skin, ready to envelope her entire being.

He lost himself in her, his breath hot against the back of her neck as he bent to be closer to her, even in this moment of complete intimacy. The pulsing rhythm of their joining increased, and he felt the rush of impending climax.

"Oh, God, baby." He couldn't stay quiet any longer. "Oh, God, I can't wait. I can't wait any more, Paige." With one rough final thrust, he emptied himself into her, hearing her cry out her own release, feeling her legs shudder against him as they dissolved in shared extasy.

Chris held her close to his body, holding her up, his arms wrapped around her from behind. When their breathing slowed, he nuzzled his face into her neck, and finally turned her around and brushed her hair away from her face; the bun had come undone sometime during their activities, he didn't remember when. Holding her face in his hands, he gave her a kiss, and then stood, ready to pick her up to take her to bed, only to realize that his pants were around his ankles. Paige laughed, trying to get up off of the floor, unsteady on the high heels, and ended up on her rear on the floor again.

He grinned at her, and said, "This is the part that the romantic movies don't show... the aftermath." Bending down to retrieve his pants before giving her a hand up off the floor, he said, "There's just no way to be manful and sexy when trying to pull up your pants."

"Also no way to gracefully stand up off the floor in a tight skirt and heels." Once standing she pulled the skirt down over her hips, smoothing it down. "At least, I've never figured out how to do it."

Chris pulled her to him, saying, "Thank you, Paige. That was... amazing. Incredible." He pushed back from her to look at her face. "Mind-blowing sex."

They kissed for a moment more before Paige pushed back and said, "Tiger, I'll be your sexy librarian any time you want."