 Kristin and Ken pulled into the parking lot about the same time the next evening, as they both arrived home from work. Kristin noticed that his wife's car was in the parking lot. When Ken came over to Kristin to give her a kiss, she pulled back and nodded over to his wife's car. 

"Shit." Ken had wanted to spend the next two nights in bed with his lover, not his wife. His wife, obviously had other plans, coming home early from her business trip. 

"I'll talk to you later," he whispered and walked into the building and up to his apartment. Kristin followed him into the building, but went to her own apartment. She heard someone in the kitchen in the apartment above her, and thought his wife was probably making him dinner. As Kristin went to bed that night, she heard them having sex. She heard the bed squealing, and her moans of delight as he pummeled into her, hard. Kristin missed having Ken's warm arms around her.

FOUR MONTHS LATER

Kristin had a doctors appointment Friday morning, and not knowing how long it was going to take, had taken the whole day off work. She had found out she was pregnant two months ago. She wasn't sure if she should tell Ken that she was pregnant with his baby, or not. 

She arrived back at her apartment mid-morning, and saw Ken's car in the parking lot, but not his wife's. She decided to go up and see what was going on. She walked upstairs and knocked on Ken's door.

"Good morning, sexy," he greeted her. He looked down her gorgeously sexy body, and noticed the slight bulge of her stomach. "It's my baby, isn't it?" 

"Yes, it is," she answered. "I found out two months ago, but wasn't sure how to tell you." Ken waved his hand into the apartment indicating she should come in. She noticed a few boxes being packed.

"You moving?" she inquired.

"Yeah, my wife and I are getting a divorce." Ken sat down on the couch and patted the seat next to him for Kristin to take. "She's staying at her parents for the weekend so I can move my stuff out." His hand found Kristin's thigh below the hem of her skirt as he was talking to her. 

"Does she know about us?" Kristin asked leaning back against the back of the couch which caused the hem of her skirt to rise. Ken's hand moved up her thigh, rubbing it lightly.

"No, she doesn't know about us. She didn't want kids, and I did. It was nothing more than that." He leaned over closer to Kristin's ear, and nibbled it. Kristin's legs automatically parted, giving his hand access to her nether region.

A moan escaped Kristin's lips. His hand slipped up to rub her moist slit through her panties. He continued nibbling on her ear, and neck. Kristin's hands moved to her breasts and started kneading them. 

"She doesn't know how hot the sex was between us." He whispered, as she unbuttoned her own blouse. Her blouse fell off her shoulders, and she undid the front clasp of her bra. Once her tits were free, her hands started kneading the flesh, moaning as she worked them in the palm of her hands.

"You are so gorgeous, Kristin. Even more so with my child growing inside of you." His fingers found their way into her honey pot, stroking in and out. His mouth found hers, and they engaged in a passionate kiss, with tongues battling.

Kristin broke away from the kiss, and pushed Ken back, she pulled herself off his fingers, and leaned over to take his cock in her mouth. She kissed and licked the length of him before enveloping the piece of meat in her mouth. Her head bobbed up and down, tongue swirling around his shaft.

"Suck it baby, suck my cock. That's it honey, you're such a great cocksucker. Deeper baby, you get it in your mouth further, work it." He chanted his lover. 

She responded by pistoning the bottom of his shaft while her mouth continued bobbing up and down on the head. She started humming, and moaning around his shaft, causing vibrations in her mouth, that caused a euphoric sensation in Ken.

"OH MY GOD!!!!!!!! THAT'S INCREDIBLE!!!!!!!! KEEP GOING, BABY!!!!!" Kristin's tongue swirled around Ken's shaft as she sucked him harder into her mouth.

Ken felt the boiling starting, and he wasn't ready to cum yet, so he pulled her off of him, and he climbed down on the floor and in between her legs. He slowly ran his hands up her inner thighs, and around to her cleft. His right hand started massaging up and down her slit, while his left hand continued traveling up her body to massage her breasts. His fingers on his right hand penetrated her cunt, while the fingers on his left hand pinched her sensitive nipples. His tongue started circling her clit, eliciting moans of pleasure from his mistress.

"Oh baby, that feels so good. Don't stop, Ken, don't stop." Ken had no intention of stopping. After a few minutes of teasing her, his mouth latched onto her clit, and sucked it hard into his mouth. 

"OH MY GOD! I'M CUMMMMMMMINNNNNNGGGGGG!!!!!" 

As Kristin subsided from her orgasm, Ken had her get down on the floor on all fours. He walked up on his knees behind her, and started massaging her ass. He pulled her as cheeks aside and his cock found its way home inside her cunt. He pounded her in and out, in and out, in and out. 

"Kristin, your cunt is so tight. It feels so good around my cock." He grunted. "I'm going to fill you up with my cum, baby." He started pounding into her harder.

"Oh yeah, Ken, baby. Give me your seed, fuck me, baby!" Kristin encouraged her lover.

"I've already knocked you up baby, and I want to fuck you for a long time to come, honey." He wanted to propose to her, but knew the heat of the moment wasn't the time to do it.

"Ken, I'm almost there, Fuck me harder, baby. You can do it." He didn't need any more encouragement. Kristin's hand reached down to play with her clit to help push her over the edge.

"I'MMMMM CUMMMINNNNGGG" Kristin screamed.

"I'M RIGHT BEHIND YOU!!!!!!! I'M CUMMMMMINNNNNGGGGGG!!!!!!!!!" Ken screamed as he thrust into her one last time, unleashing his load deep into Kristin's pussy. 

They both collapsed onto the floor, exhausted. Ken rolled them so they were on their sides, spooned. He didn't want to put too much weight onto her swollen belly. 

"I can't wait to do this again, in our new home," Ken whispered before drifting off to sleep.