 Kathy and I flirted plenty, but I didn't really expect things to go any further than that. It was kind of complicated because Kathy was Rob's oldest sister and, even though we were both over eighteen, I didn't really see their parents being too cool about something going on between us because I was younger than her and her bother's friend. If anything ever happened, it would have to be in secret and I thought that would be tough to do. Hence, I never really pushed things.

One night when their parents were out of town, Rob and his sisters had a few people over. When things wrapped up, I was still there because I was planning to stay over and Sue's boyfriend, Steve, was staying over whether he had planned to or not because he had passed out in Kathy's bed. Kathy and I were the last ones up that night, partly because neither of us had a bed to go to. I suggested that we could both sleep in her parents' king-size bed, but their mom was so meticulous that she'd know if anyone had slept there; then she'd want to know why. We decided to try sleeping side-by-side on the couch and, is it any wonder, we started fooling around.

I was erect from the moment I first felt her tongue slip into my mouth, but I don't think she knew it right away. As we shifted around, though, she must have felt my throbbing tool pressing against her; my hands were squeezing and kneading her ass, pulling her against me. Kathy was quite thin, but tall with large breasts, so I was anxious to finally get my hands under her shirt. I started gently running my hands over the front of her shirt, feeling her nipples pressing out and thinking that was a good sign. I worked my hand up under her shirt, feeling the smooth material of her bra and the softness of her fleshy globes while still getting no resistance from her. Finally, I reached around behind her and skillfully popped her bra open, despite the number of hooks required to support her big beauties.

I slid my hand around and onto the soft, smooth flesh of her large tits while brushing my palms over her hard, thick nipples. Kathy moaned softly, apparently enjoying the feel of my hand exploring her big titties. I started kissing my way down her neck while pushing her shirt and bra up to expose her breasts, then lowered my head even more to lick and suck her hard nipples. She ran her fingers through my hair as my tongue traced circles around her large, pink aureoles and my lips gently tugged on her nipples. While my tongue and lips were preoccupied with her tits, I slid one of my hands over her smooth stomach to the waistband of her shorts. Before slipping it inside, I slid it down between her legs, which she spread apart for me; another good sign.

I could feel the warmth and dampness between her legs even through her shorts and noticed a subtle rocking of her hips as I slid my fingers up and down. Moving back up to her waistband, I slipped my hand under it and over the front of her panties, which felt even more damp. I could feel the coarse texture of her bush before I encountered a definite wet patch below. Her hip movements were even more pronounced now, so it wasn't long before my fingertips were venturing under the waistband of her panties and through her bush. As I encountered the dripping folds of her pussy, I raised my head from Kathy's tits and went back to making out with her briefly. When she started moaning and breathing more heavily as my fingers explored her, I lowered my head again to kiss her neck.

As she got more fired up and was writhing around on the couch, I figured that I could make her feel even better. I went back to kissing my way down her body, pausing only briefly at her tits this time before continuing over her smooth, flat stomach. I was kneeling beside the couch as my lips reached the waistband of her shorts and I slid my hand free to slide them off. Kathy brought her legs back together only long enough for me to slide her shorts and panties over her ass and down her long, thin legs. With one foot on the couch and the other planted on the other side of me on the floor, Kathy had her legs spread wide with me between them. I admired her trim, brown bush as I slid my hands up her smooth inner thighs and lowered my head toward her waiting pussy.

I could smell her arousal as I approached and wasn't surprised to find her dripping with juices as I ran my tongue up her slit from her ass to her clit. Kathy moaned and grabbed my head again as I licked her pussy, tasting the copious juices she was producing. Once I'd slurped up a substantial amount, I focused my tonguing on her clit and slipped my middle finger into her. She continued to moan softly and writhe about while I licked and sucked her clit and pumped my finger in and out. My cock was throbbing, aching to be embedded in her sweet pussy, and I had no reason to expect that it wouldn't be soon. I looked up Kathy's long, lean body to see that she had her eyes closed but her mouth hung open. With her hands still holding my head in place, her arms were squeezing her tits together, making them look ripe for fucking. Her stomach was working like a belly-dancer's as she rocked her hips faster and faster.

I could feel her pussy becoming more engorged and more slippery as a result of her impending orgasm and thought that it was only going to feel that much better when I slipped my cock into her. Finally, she forced her pussy against my face while simultaneously pulling my head down and let out a soft cry as she came. She shook and convulsed on the couch while I continued to eat her, a thin sheen of sweat breaking out on her body. It was a long and intense orgasm followed by a long sigh of relief from Kathy.

She pushed my head away from her pussy and raised herself to a sitting position while I sat back on my heels. She brought her face to mine and we made out briefly before she had both of us stand. After she pulled my shirt up and off, I followed suit and pulled off her shirt and bra, which had slid back down to cover her tits. She now stood before me naked and I admired and caressed her body while she worked on getting my jeans open. She pushed my jeans and underwear down just far enough to free my cock, which she then stroked in her hand while we made out again. When we stopped, she had me sit on the couch and pulled my jeans the rest of the way off. I was sitting there with my rigid, throbbing cock standing straight up as I gazed upon her long, lithe body before me.

She moved to straddle me on the couch on her knees, bringing her tits right to my face as she took my cock in her hand and guided it to her pussy. I took her tits in my hands and licked and sucked her hard nipples as she started lowering herself onto my cock. Once she had completely engulfed me, her tits were too low for me to suck, but her pussy felt so damn good that I really didn't care that much. As she sat on my lap, my cock fully embedded in her luscious pussy, she leaned toward me and we started making out while I still fondled her tits. She started slowly riding up and down on my tool as we made out while I slid my hands around from her big tits to her firm, round ass. I squeezed her ass while helping to move her up and down on my cock, pushing my own ass up off the couch as I pushed into her.

Her pussy felt incredible as she moved it up and down my throbbing cock while her tongue explored my mouth. Her arms were around my neck as I slowly slid the full length of my cock in and out of her over and over. Gradually, she began to ride me harder and faster and, consequently, my strokes ended up being a bit shorter as she bounced up and down enthusiastically on my lap. I could feel her tits bouncing against my chest as I enjoyed the slick warmth of her pussy sliding up and down my cock. Her pussy continued feeling better and better the longer she rode me and when she pulled her face away from mine, I realized that she was on the verge of cumming again.

I thought maybe that I could cum simultaneously with her, feeling my own orgasm beginning to loom but not realizing how close hers was. As she approached her second climax and her pussy continued to feel better and better with each stroke, I could feel my own orgasm getting closer and closer. She was slamming herself down on my lap, sending pleasure coursing through my body and causing her tits to bounce wildly. Finally, she slammed herself down hard one more time and stopped, my cock fully embedded in her hot pussy as she started to cum.

She held me tightly against her as she came and I could do little more than feel the tremors coursing through her like electric shocks. As she loosened her grip, I was anticipating continuing to fuck her, sliding my throbbing cock in and out of her now even juicier pussy. Kathy surprised me when she rose up off my cock and stepped backward off the couch. I was a bit nervous that she was done with me as she had me stand up, but felt a sense of relief as she sat down on the couch in front of me and took my cock in her hand, gently stroking it while fondling my balls. Holding my cock at the base, she wrapped her lips around it and slid them down my shaft.

I ran my fingers through Kathy's hair as she bobbed her head up and down on my tool, pumping the base while gently fondling my balls. She was no slouch when it came to cocksucking and I could feel my orgasm continuing to build. I didn't want it to come to quickly because I was enjoying Kathy's lips sliding up and down my cock, but I needn't have worried because she was quite talented at prolonging the pleasure I was feeling. As my orgasm got closer, I started subtly pushing my hips toward her face. I thought briefly about fucking her tits, but I was enjoying her oral talents too much and figured I'd have another opportunity; I couldn't imagine us not getting together again after this hot encounter.

My breathing rate was picking up as my cock started to swell with my impending orgasm and Kathy continued sliding her lips up and down my shaft. She must have been aware that I was on the verge of cumming, but she maintained a constant pace, which drew out my pleasure even longer. When I finally started to spew into her mouth, I moaned as much in relief as I did as a result of the tremendous pleasure I was feeling. Kathy swallowed my load and continued to milk my cock until I started to go limp, when she let it fall from her mouth and sat back on the couch. I sat beside her and kissed her before sitting back to catch my breath.

After a few minutes, we decided we'd better get dressed before we both fell asleep, despite how much we both wanted to sleep naked in each other's arms; we'd have to look for another opportunity to do that. We'd drained each other enough that when we lay together fully-dressed on the couch once again, we were asleep pretty quickly.

Despite being the last ones asleep, Kathy was up early and making coffee so that no one caught us sleeping together on the couch. It wasn't easy, but we managed to get together fairly often after this, sometimes strictly for sex and other times just because we enjoyed being together. We were still unsure about coming clean about our relationship to Rob or the rest of the family. I can't even speculate as to how many times we had sex in either her car or mine. There were times, though, that we were able to come up with other options, like the time at the football game, for example.

Rob had to work one Friday night, so Kathy and I decided to go over to the high school, which was just a couple of blocks from their place, to watch the football game. We watched some of the game, but tried to avoid running into anyone we knew so that we could make out and hang all over each other. We snuck around behind the bleachers like a couple of high schoolers again, but it wasn't the most ideal location. After halftime, I had an idea to try to slip into the fieldhouse. I doubted anyone would be hanging around in there and I knew the layout from when I'd been in high school. We casually wandered over and, when there was no one to challenge our being there, we slipped inside.

There didn't appear to be anyone around, but we took a quick look to make sure. We probably could have showered together and fucked on one of the benches, but, as we passed the coaches' office, the couch looked mighty appealing. We were pleased to find the door unlocked and slipped in, locking the door and drawing the shade behind us. We were aware that time was of the essence, since we could be discovered at any time, so we got right down to business. After a quick, passionate kiss, we began working on each other's jeans and, once I got hers open, I dropped down to the floor to take them down to her ankles. She sat on the couch and I got one leg out of her jeans while leaving the other one in. She spread her legs and slid down so that her ass was right on the edge of the couch. I pushed my jeans and underwear down enough for my cock to pop out, then immediately guided it into Kathy's dripping pussy.

Leaning forward, I was able to fuck Kathy and make out with her at the same time. I thought we'd be done pretty quickly, given the situation and that we were both so horny for each other, but even fucking her hard and fast I wasn't in immediate danger of cumming. After a few minutes, Kathy stopped my rapid thrusting and had me pull out of her while she moved up onto the couch and turned around. With her ass aiming at me while she leaned on the back of the couch, she looked over her shoulder as I got up on the couch behind her. I guided my cock back into her and started fucking her hard and fast again while she reached between her legs and fingered her clit.

In this position, I was able to slip my hands up under her sweater and cup her swinging breasts while I fucked her. I ended up unhooking her bra so that I could feel their soft flesh against my palms which made my throbbing cock that much harder. I could feel Kathy's pussy quickly becoming more engorged, which I had learned was always a sure sign that she was on the verge of cumming. I was getting pretty close, but I thought she'd get there before I did, and I was right. Just a minute or two later, Kathy let out a moan as her body started to quake. I figured I'd just keep fucking her through her orgasm and, with her pussy feeling even hotter, cum soon after she did. Kathy must have been feeling a little adventurous, though.

She stopped me in the midst of my fucking her hard enough that my hips were smacking against her ass. I pulled out and stood up beside the couch while she lay on her back on the couch and pulled her shirt and bra up to expose her succulent boobs. I quickly kicked off my shoe and yanked my jeans off that leg, then straddled her ribs and lay my cock between her mounds. She squeezed them together while I leaned forward and started fucking them. I'd been on the verge of cumming while slamming her pussy from behind and, with the help of the warm, smooth flesh of her tits wrapped around my cock, was quickly building back up again.

Kathy told me that she wanted me to cum in her mouth so, after fucking her tits until I was right on the brink, I moved up over her and guided my cock between her lips. It only took a few strokes in her hot, wet mouth before I was spewing down her throat. She was fondling my balls as she sucked me dry, enhancing the pleasure of her oral skills. When I was spent, I got off of the couch and pulled my underwear and jeans back up while Kathy first fixed her bra and shirt before pulling her own panties and jeans back on. We each got our shoe back on, then cautiously raised the shade on the office door and, seeing no one, unlocked and slipped out the door.

Just before we stepped out of the fieldhouse, we stopped and held each other tightly while making out. As we walked out the door, Kathy said that she wished we could fuck freely every day whenever we wanted. I suggested that the only way that was going to happen would be if we moved in together. We both laughed at the idea of presenting that to her family, then agreed that we'd have to come up with something else.