 Chapter one

Part one

Chad Berwick smiled complacently as his latest conquest leaned back and thrust downward on his stiff cock, her pussy arching lewdly toward him. What could he say? He had a good life. This was just how things went for him. His first night in Tanzania with the summer research team from UNC and he'd already scored his first quality piece of ass. She was maybe a little flat chested for his liking. But she had pert upturned tits and long dark nipples that stood out on her pale skin, long thin legs and arms, tight stomach, and that upturned nose that made her look a little snobby, a little superior. That's what had really gotten him. She was probably the hottest girl on the trip, actually, but she wasn't the only hottie in the group by any means. Yeah, it was going to be an interesting four weeks. Three guys and six girls, all undergrads from UNC, conducting intensive field work on primate behavior in the wild, chimpanzees to be precise. 

Nine girls, come to think of it, if you counted the graduate student, the postdoc, and the assistant professor—Kate Morgan—who would be leading the team. They were staying in a hotel near the beach in Dar es Salaam for a few days for a crash course on research methods in the field, but then they'd be heading out for the mountains and the rain forest, deep in the interior.

Yeah, I have a good life, Chad reflected, as his new partner leaned forward and slid her sweaty body up the length of his. The humidity here was really something! She was grinding her hips now in smooth, slow strokes. 

Chad knew that most guys would kill to be as successful with the ladies as he was, and he couldn't help feeling a little smug about it, even arrogant, though he was basically a nice guy. He wasn't a full-time cooze hound or anything, like some of the frat guys he knew. Most weeknights he was too exhausted from soccer practice and hitting the books to do much partying. His talents with a soccer ball had been his ticket out of the Appalachian foothills—a full ride to play for his beloved Tar-heels!—and he wasn't going to squander it. His kids would have all the advantages in life he'd been denied, all the ones his mostly well-off classmates took for granted.

But on weekends, when Chad did have time for his other favorite "sport," he was very good at it indeed. And not just because of his boyish good looks and soccer player body, all jet black hair, blue eyes, and long lean muscle. It wasn't like girls just threw themselves at him, like they did with the basketball and football players. He had to show a little interest and give a little effort. 

It didn't hurt that he was unusually intelligent for a "dumb jock," a double major in anthropology and biology, and an excellent student at that. He liked to think that his studies had given him a keen insight into human behavior—especially female behavior—and the deep, unconscious forces that drove it. Girls were so predictable, and the right method could easily produce the desired results. For example: 1) Identify a hot girl in the lecture hall or lab; 2) ask her questions and actually listen to the answers; 3) invite her and her friend to a party at the athletics dorm; 4) flirt with her friend; 5) tease the hot girl about her looks or brains while smiling a lot. Before you knew it her body would be sending out all the expected signals, on the dance floor or just talking in the corner, or on a couch. Tits forward slightly, almost imperceptibly if you didn't know what to look for, ass sticking out, hips swaying subtly, eyes bright and receptive. It was almost as if they had a sign over their head that only he could read: "available for mounting." It almost never failed. Especially with the brainy, hot girls that Chad preferred, and that were in such abundant supply in Chapel Hill. All those gorgeous southern belles with impeccable grades and plans for med school, law school, or business school. 

Chad relaxed into the mattress and closed his eyes as the sperm welled up in his balls. He was close, but wanted to prolong the pleasure. He sat up quickly and put the girl on his lap facing him, making sure his cock stayed buried deep inside her.

Yes, girls were predictable. And thank God for that! Because Chad truly loved to fuck them. And he was truly good at it. This was not just because he had a big dick, though he did. Ten inches, and thick as hell, with a broad bulbous head. And it was not just because had an amazing body either, though he was long, lean and ripped. No, it was mostly because he took such genuine pleasure in the chase, and such twisted delight in driving girls past their accepted limits. 

He liked to make them do things that they hadn't realized they would do, that they couldn't quite believe they were doing. Fucking him on the first "date" (if you could even call them dates). Fucking him when they weren't sure they really liked him, or he really liked them (he was always teasing and undermining them in subtle ways). Fucking him in positions they hadn't tried before, even with their long-term boyfriends, maybe even their current long-term boyfriend. Letting him cum on their tits or in their mouth. Letting him fuck them unprotected. Letting him cum inside. That was the absolute hottest! As sweet as he seemed, and in fact was most of the time, Chad definitely had a little sadistic streak. Not that the girls ever complained. They almost always got off, most of them just from penetration. 

Take Elise here. She was definitely about to blow. 

"Ugh, Chad, o my god, ugh, fuck."

Chad stuck his fingers in her mouth roughly with his left hand, while his right hand reached around and pulled her ass cheeks apart. His teeth bit hard into her pale neck. 

She'd been pretty easy to get in bed, Chad reflected, though she'd seemed a little stuck up and distant when he first met her on the long plane trip from Raleigh. He'd ended up sitting between her and her friend Courtney for most of the trip, and most of the time he'd flirted with Courtney. She was a good-looking bottle blonde (maybe a little slutty?) with big soft tits in a tight scoop neck t-shirt. But all the while he'd made sure to keep asking Elise questions too, and to needle her a little about her answers, smiling his boyish smile as he rolled his eyes at her. She'd run cross-country at some preppy "Day School" outside Durham ("no kidding?"). But now she'd given up running seriously to focus on her classes in pre-med ("really?"). She'd rushed a popular sorority in her first semester ("interesting!") and met her boyfriend at a fall mixer, a finance major ("sounds like a solid provider"). Chad liked her blonde hair pulled back in a short pony-tail, and her cute little nose turned up at the end. He liked her pale blue eyes with the half-disdainful, half-mischievous expression. 

By the time they'd landed in Dar es Salaam and got to their hotel they were all exhausted. But the whole group stayed up drinking in the lobby bar. Well, the undergrads anyway. Then one of the guys scored some weed from one of the bell hops and a smaller group moved out to the patio to smoke a joint. They sat there for a while, listening to the tide rise slowly in the darkness behind them, just beyond the palm trees. He'd noticed that Elise wrinkled her nose at the joint when it came around to her, until Ellen elbowed her in the ribs and called her some nick-name, he couldn't hear what. Soon everyone was heading up to their rooms to grab their swimsuits for a midnight swim (Courtney's idea). And before they knew it they were in the surf splashing and making playful comments about each other's swim attire. Chad had made sure to slip in a few off-color compliments about Ellen in her polka dot string bikini. And she really did look pretty good. But Elise looked fantastic in her little blue two-piece. And she knew it. Smallish tits sticking straight up at the stars. Long nipples that poked obscenely through her wet top. Those skinny runner's arms and legs. Wide hips that flared out dramatically from her small waist. And best of all, a truly spectacular ass.

Chad kneaded her ass with his big hands as the little preppy girl bounced excitedly on his shaft, taking the whole length of him in quick strokes. He stuck his tongue down her throat and reached a finger toward her anus. 

It had been almost too corny the way they'd all ended up drunk and half naked, Chad thought to himself, joking and splashing in the warm surf. So predictable, really, though still a blast. It was like they were all just playing out some script they weren't aware of, and that had been written for them long ago, as the tide kept rising all around them. Chad had waded over to Elise standing alone in the moonlight (a full moon, of course). She was sulking a little from the attentions he'd been giving Courtney (right on cue!). Up close her tits were much fuller than he'd thought at first. Smallish, yeah, but definite handfuls. He'd leaned in for a drunken kiss.

"What about Courtney?" 

"What about that boyfriend?" 

She'd parted her lips and stumbled into him. 

And now he was fucking her in his plush hotel bed (his roommate for the trip had hooked up with Courtney, conveniently enough). Chad reached up with his left hand and pushed Elise's chest away from him a little, rubbing his palms over her sweaty breasts and feeling her nipples stiffen. He pinched them hard. Elise tilted her hips a little and her pussy opened to him with the new angle. Christ this little preppy girl really knew how to fuck! He'd had a feeling about that, and he was not disappointed. He seemed to have a sixth sense about such things. She leaned back on her hands and looked straight at him with that stuck up expression, rotating her crotch in quick tight circles. Chad lunged forward and licked the sweat off her tits as he pushed her back on the bed, the heat building in his testicles. She threw her legs around his waist and rode along with him as he gave her a serious pounding.

"Ugh, Chad, fuck me, ugh."

This was some of the best sex he'd had in a while, truth be told. He'd been so busy at the end of spring term, with double practice sessions and cramming for exams. It would be perfect, actually, if he could just slip off this stupid condom. He knew it was sort of wrong, but he found it so much hotter like that, especially when the girl got carried away and let him cum inside her, maybe even asked him to. 

It wasn't just that it felt so much better. Though it did. It was more the thought of it. All these privileged girls, with their whole lives planned out ahead of them losing control for once, doing things that their rational mind told them not to, as their primate brain took charge of their bodies. Were they seeking out Chad's obviously successful genes, their own genetic programming overcoming their disgust for his hillbilly accent? Unfortunately, it was harder to get girls to fuck him bareback now, at least the brainy, straight-laced ones he liked best, and that he'd be willing to take the risk with. He'd developed a reputation as a real player. 

Elise had put a rubber on him as soon as they'd gotten back to his room, almost like she'd heard about him (she probably had) and wanted to be absolutely sure she wouldn't lose control. It felt better for girls too, after all. They always said so. He'd have time to work on Elise though. They would definitely be fucking again, probably later that night. Chad closed his eyes and thrust into her deeply as his balls contracted and emptied.

Part 2

Later that night, after they'd had sex a second time, Chad lay awake thinking about how much he was looking forward to this trip (Elise had woken him up with a hand job and they'd ended up fucking doggy style—again with a condom). It was partly because of all the pussy he was counting on getting. Definitely with Elise again. Definitely with Courtney and a few of the other undergrads he'd flirted with at the bar last night. Hell, maybe even with the hot post-doc, Karin, who'd been his TA for "Evolutionary Biology." 

All the guys in the class had been crazy for her. Chad had made a point of signing up for her lab section in particular after looking up the different instructors on ratemyprofessors.com. Karin had a blazing chili pepper next to her name and a steady stream of enthusiastic comments underneath it, many of them about her looks and personality. "She is so fine it's distracting! And sweet too!" "Smart, sassy, and great body." "I'm a straight woman and even I think she's hot!'" Of course he'd looked her up on Facebook right away. No bikini pictures, alas, but a couple of pretty decent shots of her in a tight t-shirt and short running shorts on top of some mountain with her boyfriend. She was just slightly on the chunky side, maybe, but definitely hot. One of those dark Jewish princess types he'd never encountered before he came to UNC. They didn't have those in Appalachia. He'd jerked off a couple of times since then imagining the full rack so obvious beneath her t-shirt ("Nice rack" had been one of the racier comments about her). She was what, 26? Only seven years older than him, and probably not that much more experienced in the sack. She'd been with her boyfriend (fiancé actually, and a successful psychologist at Duke) since high school. You could tell by the way he showed up in all her old profile pictures. 

In class you couldn't see much of her body beneath the white lab coat she wore most days, but a couple of times when she took it off at the end of a long lab session, jutting her chest out as she slipped the coat off her shoulders . . . wow! Every male in the room took notice, praying they wouldn't get caught. He imagined he'd be getting a lot of good look at her assets in the weeks ahead. He felt himself harden again as he pictured those short shorts clinging to her in the humid mountains . . . just in front of him on a steep trail . . . swaying her ass in his face . . . so close he could almost smell her.

Yes, the female talent on the trip would be an added bonus. But Chad was mostly looking forward to studying the chimps. Truthfully. He'd been kind of obsessed by chimps since he took an advanced seminar with Professor Brian Phare last fall on "Sexual Behavior in Human and Non-Human Primates." He was such an awesome guy and the subject was riveting. Chad was even considering going to graduate school for it, if a career in Major League Soccer didn't work out. Professor Phare was that inspiring. Pushing forty now and a tenured professor with several published books to his name, he'd been a scholarship kid like Chad at Berkeley back in the day. He'd even tried out for the soccer team there, but hadn't made the cut. The way he explained things really shifted Chad's perspective on life. 

Human beings think that they act with all this conscious will and intention. But in some areas, especially sexual behavior and what the Professor called "mating systems," this idea of free will doesn't really hold up when you study it logically. We're closer to chimps and bonobos then we are to our own arrogant visions of ourselves as walking gods. Either we're deluding ourselves about free will and conscious choice (of partners, desires, when to pair off and reproduce, etc.) or chimps and bonobos make conscious decisions too! Either way, the whole question of what a human life is, and who controls it, became way more complicated and interesting. Our human brains make decisions, maybe, but our behavior is also shaped by powerful biological urges—behaviors linked to the evolution of our bodies across millions of years, behaviors we share in many cases with other primates.

As soon as the semester had ended he'd rushed to sign up for "Primate Anthropology" the next term. The instructor, as it happened, was Professor Phare's wife Kate Morgan (she hadn't changed her name when they married). An assistant professor in her early thirties, she'd be up for tenure in a couple of years. That class had been really interesting too, though not as electrifying as Professor Phare's. Kate—Professor Morgan, that is—had seemed kind of distracted and stressed out a lot of the time. So her lectures, while clear and informative, weren't always the liveliest. Still he appreciated her efforts. He liked the contrast between her demure appearance in class and the wild subjects she liked to talk about best. 

She was particularly keen on bonobo sexual behavior, dwelling at length on the way that bonobos used copulation, like humans, for a variety of reasons other than just brute reproduction. To relieve aggression and competition in a small group, for instance. And she loved talking about the way that bonobo females formed tight bonds in order to dominate the males, while the males got all kinds of sex out of the bargain. Sex with every female in the group on a regular basis! Including face-to-face genital sex, tongue kissing, even oral sex. They were interesting apes! 

It was kind of adorable the few times when Professor Morgan got excited about all this in class, not seeming to realize that the content of her lecture was so erotically charged, or that some of the students were shifting uncomfortably in their seats. She was a real looker too, though Chad tried hard not to think about it. He had so much respect for her husband. It felt wrong somehow. 

He'd looked at her ratemyprofessors.com page before signing up for the class, of course. Everyone seemed to like her as a teacher, but at first it didn't seem like anyone had much to say about her physical appearance, beyond a few tame comments that she was "attractive" and "pleasing to look at." She did have a chili pepper though. But on the last page of comments, back from when she had just arrived at UNC fresh out of grad school, there were a couple of juicier ones. "Those pant suits. Mmmmmmmm." "She seems kind of up tight in class. But I bet she's a real wildcat." "Nice lady. Nice body." Obviously he had looked her up on Facebook right away, feeling kind of bad about himself as he clicked on her profile. But there was nothing there other than a single picture, the same one as on her faculty webpage, a professional shot of her standing next to a podium in one of her dark pantsuits. 

He had to admit she looked good in it. Long auburn brown hair tied back in a tight bun . . . standard academic glasses . . . medium height . . . definitely fit . . . but with the outlines of some nice curves just visible beneath her conservative clothes (or was he imagining that?) . . . a little playful glimmer in her big brown eyes? . . . "a real wildcat." 

Chad's hand wandered down to his cock, just beginning to stiffen again, as he drifted off to sleep.

Part 3

Kate Morgan couldn't get back to sleep. The couple next door seemed to be having the sex of their lives judging by the way the headboard of their bed kept pounding into the wall behind her, making her own mattress vibrate slightly. This was second time that night they'd gone at it like monkeys. There had been a break in the action for an hour or two around 2am, but now they were awake again, and the headboard was pounding louder than ever. They must have changed positions, she thought to herself mischievously, blushing a little, though no one was there. 

She wished her husband were there. But he'd left that morning for a worldwide lecture tour to promote his latest book. His new work on chimpanzee "apha males" and the so-called "violence gene" that ensured dominance was getting so much attention! She was happy for him, of course, but a little jealous all the same. It had been such a struggle for her to get any recognition at all for her own work on female bonding and mate selection among bonobos. And if she didn't get it published soon in a top journal she'd be at real risk of getting denied (and fired!) when she came up for tenure in a couple of years. She'd worked her whole life for this, and she couldn't bear the thought of falling short when she was so close to tasting success. Hopefully this research trip would yield some good results. 
