 My name is Samantha and I love to give head. I'm 23 and married to a great man and an amazing lover. He swears by my oral technique and says it's the best he's ever had. A couple of weeks ago I decided to give him something special. There really was no reason for it but I figured what the hell I'm married and fucking bloody horny so why should I wait for a special occasion to blow my husband's socks off.

You see, I was married after college and Dean never knew me in college. While there, I was in sorority and well, you learn a lot of things in a sorority. One, never drink alone with a Fraternity guy at a party unless you're horny and you like him because you will get fucked. And the other... how to give amazing blow-jobs. This was kind off passed along by the girls as a trade secret and boy it kept em coming. And the trick is don't swallow... until the end that is.

When my husband came home that night I had dinner ready. A romantic meal of light chicken in a wine sauce with a vegetable vinaigrette mix and some strong wine. Chocolate covered cherries for desert and much more wine. The cherries were the ones with the sweet burst of alcohol in them, my favorite candy. I met him at the door in only a black thong and a satin robe. He would have probably taken me right there but I wouldn't allow it. I was the one that would be doing the taking tonight. When dinner was done I excused myself and tipsily retreated to the bedroom where I had lit some candles. Just in case he didn't get the hint I threw my robe around the corner followed by the thong. He got the hint.

In only minutes he was in the room groping my naked body from head to toe. It felt so good but I had to go on with the evening's plans. I pushed his hands away and guided him back to the bed. Slowly I removed his shirt and caressed his chest, stopping only to suck his nipples and brush his chest hair with my cheek. (I love that feeling, a strong man's chest with just a little bit of soft hair brushing against my cheek ­ wonderful!) Then I carefully unbuttoned his jeans, careful not to injure the beautiful bulge that filled them.

I reached in, found his stiff cock, and pulled it out. I admired its beauty for a moment before licking the precum off the tip. My husband is about seven inches and nice and thick. He let out a soft moan, and I took him into my mouth. I sucked gently at first, licking up and down the shaft getting it thoroughly wet. Then more forcefully. His breathing became heavier, and I reached back into his pants and fished out his balls. I continued to stroke with one hand as I sucked, and fondled his balls with the other. He moaned ever so slightly as I wrapped a finger around the belt-loops at his hips and with one quick thrust pulled his pants down giving me full access to that beautiful cock. It glistened from the sucking I had already given it. Again I took his member into my wet mouth but deeper this time. I pulled his rod deep into my throat and held it there for a moment just taking in the sheer pleasure of having my man's cock buried between my lips. As I held it there my mouth was filling up with wetness. My saliva was running down the shaft and onto the balls I was still playing with his balls causing him to moan even louder.

I could feel the heat welling up between my legs and then I felt something else. His fingers were carefully circling around my beautiful ass and approaching my pearl. He started playing with my clit and I let out a throaty moan. It was only then that I realized I still had almost the whole length of his cock in my throat. I started sucking even faster now. I bobbed up and down on that amazing prick sucking my heart out. I could hear him moaning louder and breathing heavy and this only turned me on more.

I redoubled my efforts and began sucking with raw abandon. I was going to give him the best damn head of his life. I was like an animal. I forgot about everything else except sucking the throbbing prick in front of me. Rapidly I raised and lowered my head on the meat in front of me. I'm not talking about nice and neat either, I'm talking sloppy, dripping saliva everywhere, down his shaft, all over his balls, my hands, my face. I became animal controlled only by lust. A sex-crazed slut put on this earth to do two things alone, suck cock and drink cum.

The fingering my clit was getting had gotten even more intense and now he was also using his other, once free, hand to play with my nipples. I was in unabashed ecstasy! I stopped only for a moment to look up at my husband, saliva drooling from my mouth and connecting me to his cock with thin strings of wetness. I could tell that seeing me this wild, this completely lost in lust was driving him over the edge. I took his sopping cock back into my mouth and went in for the kill. The taste of precum was driving me insane. I could feel his cock getting larger. It pulsed with blood and raw power. His legs started to tense up and his cock began to buck wildly. There was no stopping it now. I sucked him in deeper again and again until I thought my jaw would fall off. With so much saliva coming from my mouth my actions were making loud slurping noises which only made us both more excited.

He now had three fingers buried deep inside my cunt fucking me as his thumb massaged my clit. My mouth wasn't the only thing dripping. My juices were flowing incredibly tonight. The harder I sucked the faster he played with my delicate clit. Any control I had before we started was gone long ago. I moaned loudly; a moan from deep inside my slutty soul. I started humping his hand with my drenched pussy grunting and moaning like a wild animal in heat. Short shrill screams rose up from my busily slurping mouth. I wasn't conscious of my movements anymore. I was coming... coming HARD!

I mashed my pussy into his manly fingers dripping my juice all over his hand. My body had found a primitive rhythm and I just sucked and slurped away. "Oh, god." Was all I heard before it happened. With one final intense thrust he exploded into my sloppy mouth. The first burst came so fast I didn't even think I just swallowed but it kept coming and I swallowed as much of the sweet cum as I could. Only a little escaped, dribbling down his shaft and the corners of my mouth. I continued to gently suck and lick his prick clean until he lost his hardon. Then I looked up at him again and smiled licking the cum from the corners of my mouth and swallowing it.

I was about cuddle up in his arms when he looked at me with a devilish smile and said, "Now I want some....

To Be Continued...