 Looking at the text from my wife I felt a combination of emotions. I smiled reading that she was excited for our date night; my cock throbbed in my slacks as I thought about what that meant; and I felt shame that instead of thinking about my wife, my thoughts were full our latest babysitter. 

Kat was twenty years old, a sophomore in college, and sexy as hell. A few months previous we had posted an ad for a new babysitter after my sister-in-law moved to California to go to USC. Kat had called and agreed to come in and speak to my wife and I about watching our two kids from time to time. That first meeting was uneventful, as it was my wife that did all of the talking. I simply had time to shake her hand and introduce myself. 

I remember thinking at the time that she looked very cute and sexy in her black shorts and blue t-shirt. Her short five foot frame not even coming up to my shoulder, and her long red hair was draped around her shoulders. After she left my wife asked what I thought. 

"She seems nice," I replied, "What do you think?" 

"I like her," my wife responded, "She is at school on a scholarship but could use the extra money. The only thing is; she doesn't have a car and isn't sure if she wants to be walking home late at night"

"That won't be a problem, one of us can give her a ride," I said reassuringly, "That is, if you want her."

So it was decided that Kat would be our new babysitter. I had no idea at the time just how much that decision would affect my life. My wife and I try to have a weekly date night which meant that once a week Kat would come over to the house around the same time I returned home from work. I'd change out of my work suit and then we'd be off, leaving her money to order pizza or ingredients to cook dinner. 

That first month I noticed that Kat would dress very professionally, almost like she was going to a job as a secretary. Her hair was always down over her shoulders and a couple of times she wore cute little glasses. Usually my wife would be slow getting ready, so I would sit downstairs with Kat waiting. I really enjoyed talking to her, she had a very sarcastic sense of humor that I loved and a little smirk that I found extremely sexy. She was just the kind of girl that I would have been all over when I was in college. 

Soon I began looking at her in those skirts and blouses, wondering what she looked like underneath, wondering what kind of underwear she wore. Secretly, I have a huge lingerie fetish. In fact, not even my wife knows just how much I loved the sight of a gorgeous girl in matching bra and panties, or a corset. As I got to know Kat I realized that she reminded me of someone; a girl that I had met online a few months before Kat had started to babysit for us.

****************************************** 

On top of my job as an IT project manager I also ran a sex blog as an outlet for my own fantasies and kinky thoughts. Writing erotica and communicating with people who shared my naughtiest desires kept my urges under control. It allowed me to continue my happy marriage without having my dark secrets come between us. 

One person I had been communicating with was a submissive young lady actively looking for a Dom. She went by the name Naughty Kitty and we instantly hit it off. It was clear that she longed to have a man who could truly dominate her. She would tell me how she craved to have someone to please, to do everything he wanted or needed. The pleasure she received from serving and pleasing was so intense, so overwhelming that she could do nothing but continue her search.

As we got to know each other we became more comfortable with each other. Talking and flirting soon turned to sharing our kinkiest fantasies and role playing. We chatted often, enjoying thoughts of her fulfilling my every desire. She was absolutely perfect for my domination fantasies and I knew that I was hooked. She loved to call me Daddy and Sir and I had fun finding new nicknames for her.

Part of me was glad that I didn't know her real name or where she lived because I knew the temptation would be too great to pass up. Already my desire for her was far greater than any I'd experienced since marrying my wife. 

One day I had locked myself in my office and enjoyed a very steamy session with her, describing exactly how I would take her, making her cum over and over before allowing her to please me as she craved. Unfortunately the untimely arrival of a co-worker prevented me from cumming for her, and then it was time to go. I cursed when I got in the car, realizing that I was actually running late. I hurried home, not even noticing in my rush that I had passed by Kat hurrying down the sidewalk a block away from my house. 

I ran in the house, surprised to see that my wife wasn't upstairs getting ready. "Where's Kat?" I asked as I pulled off my tie. 

"She called to say she's on her way, fell asleep doing her homework," she responded as I hurried upstairs to change. 

Breathing deep I slowed, realizing that I had a little more time than I thought. I was just pulling on a comfortable pair of jeans when the doorbell rang. I heard Kat's voice join my wife's as they greeted each other, then heard my wife say something about a button on Kat's blouse. Their voices were cut off then because I had turned on the water to brush my teeth. After sliding my tongue over my minty fresh teeth I looked for my watch that usually was on the counter. It was gone. 

Remembering that I had left it in the other bathroom I hurried down the hall in just my jeans and into the bathroom. A gasp from inside told me that it wasn't empty like I had originally thought. Kat stood before me in the process of unbuttoning her blouse and straightening it so that she could get it buttoned back up properly. But the thing that caught my eye was the purple corset that she wore under the blouse. Black lace was trailed along the top, hiding the cleavage of her cute little breasts. It extended down to the top of her skirt but displayed the sexiness of her trim figure. The uncomfortable swelling in my pants brought me back to reality and I coughed, lifting my eyes up to hers. "Sorry Kat," I said and grabbed my watch, hurrying away. 

When I got back to the bedroom I saw my wife getting ready so I pulled on a button down and hurried downstairs to make sure the kids were alright. Kat was already on the floor playing dolls with my little girl and when I met her eyes, she smiled as if nothing at all had happened. "Hi, Mr. Stone," she said smiling. "Sorry I was a little late. I got caught up with something." 

"Not a problem Kat, We really appreciate you being here," I said and pulled out my wallet to give her some pizza money. Taking it she placed it in the pocket of her blouse, her hand brushing along the top of the corset I now knew she wore underneath. My cock gave another throb in my jeans and I started looking for an excuse to walk away. My wife came down at that moment so I hurried her out the door and we left on our date. 

After that night I couldn't look at Kat without seeing that corset, or another type of lingerie. Each time I saw her I wondered what she was wearing, again wondering why she always dressed up when she came to babysit. I had told Naughty Kitty about the corset and the other lingerie that I was constantly imagining on Kat's sexy body. Naughty Kitty responded by sending me a picture of her body from the neck down. She wore nothing but a very sexy bra and panties set, displaying her midriff for the first time since we started talking. I groaned audibly at the sight of a large tattoo on her right hip, a stalking black panther, seemingly crawling down her body as if ready to pounce. 

Our session that night was one of the sexiest ever, as I imagined what I would do to her incredible body, and shared those imaginings with her. For some reason Kat's face kept popping into my head as I fantasized, making the scenario even hotter. At the end I asked her to take a very special picture for me, and told her what I wanted her to wear for me. She promised that she would but it might take a few days. She also wished me luck the following night when the babysitter would be coming back.

********************************************

And this brings us back to the beginning of this story, my feeling excited at getting to see Kat again, and ashamed of how my cock was already twitching. As I walked in the door I saw that Kat was already there and her outfit made me stop and stare. She was wearing a grey skirt and white blouse, the skirt extending to just below the middle of her thigh. Her legs were encased in sheer black stockings and she wore black high heels. As she turned I saw that her blouse was unbuttoned at the top, displaying more cleavage than I'd ever seen on her, other than when I saw the corset. 

She was telling my wife a story, it sounded like she'd had a lunch date that afternoon and had come straight to our home afterwards. That explained why she was dressed even sexier than her normal professional skirt and blouse. As I looked at her I realized that she was wearing the exact outfit I had told Naughty Kitty to wear for me. Sure I couldn't see if the stockings were thigh highs or if the lingerie matched, but the clothes were exactly right. As she turned around I saw that she even had on the glasses and her hair was done up and held in place with pens. She was straight out of my fantasies.

As I cleared my throat and hurried upstairs to change I noticed a long blue coat draped over the back of the couch and realized that it must be Kat's. I heard my wife giggling with Kat downstairs as I got dressed. I wondered what they were talking about. The only time my wife giggled like that was when she was discussing something sexual. I assumed it had to do with Kat's date. 

As we said goodbye to the kids and I handed Kat some money for takeout she seemed to hold my hand for a minute longer than usual and said softly, *See you soon, Mr. Stone* 

The tone in her voice stayed with me the entire evening, as did the sparkle in her eyes. I couldn't focus on what my wife was saying, I just kept seeing those eyes looking up at me, her voice echoing in my ears. I shook my head trying to clear it. Damn I had it bad for this girl! 

When we returned home the kids were asleep and Kat was pulling her long blue coat over her blouse, having seen us pull in. My wife kissed her cheek then went up to check on the kids. I looked at Kat to see if she was ready for me to take her home, but she quickly excused herself and went down the hall to the bathroom. A few minutes later she came back out to the living room where I sat on a couch waiting for her. 

Standing I smiled and asked, "Are you ready to go?" 

An incredibly sexy smirk crossed her face and she pulled on the tie that kept her coat closed. As she pulled it open I saw that her skirt and blouse were gone. All she wore under the coat was a mouthwatering set of black lingerie with white lace designs. The stockings were indeed thigh highs, attached to a black garter belt. Her sexy panties were pulled up on top of the garter. allowing for easier removal. They looked so good barely hiding her smooth mound.

My eyes moved up Kat's incredible little body. I had seen the bra, knowing it matched the panties exactly, but my eyes froze on something else. Right there on her hip crouched a tattoo of a stalking black panther. I immediately recognized it as being exactly the same as the one I had seen the day before. My breath caught as I realized who stood in front of me. "Yes Daddy, I am ready to go," she said sexily.

I stood there gaping at her, blown away that the babysitter that I had been secretly lusting after for months was in fact the same girl that I had been flirting with and sharing fantasies with for even longer. My cock was instantly trying to rip its way through my jeans as I stared at her. I was fully aware of all of the things I had promised to do to the sexy little body that now stood in front of me. 

She smiled and walked sexily to me. "I know you love your wife," she whispered as her hand slid up the front of my pants. "But I need my Daddy. I need to really make you cum, not just think about you cumming for me. And I know that you need me too." 

My hand lifted almost on its own until it was wrapped around her neck. That first claiming touch sent shivers through her and she cupped my bulging cock more insistently. "Please Daddy," she said, "Let me please you. Let me be yours." 

Before I could answer I heard my wife coming down the stairs. I quickly stepped back from Kat and she closed her coat, tying it again before turning around. After thanking Kat again and wishing her luck with the guy she'd been on a date with she headed to the laundry room and I turned to head for the door. 

When I didn't hear Kat following me I turned. She was still standing in her same spot, looking at me with pleading in her eyes. With a soft growl I said, "Come here little one," and pointed to the floor. Immediately a smile broke across her face and she hurried forward to stand in front of me. Opening her coat I again looked at her and reached down to pet her panther, which now had much more significance to me as I recognized the hidden fierceness inside the sweet, professional girl that I had known. 

"You will go out to the car with your coat open," I instructed in her ear. "And before climbing in you will remove those panties for me." 

She shivered and gasped but immediately walked to the door and outside. I watched her go, noticing that she kept her arms to her sides, making sure the coat didn't close in front of her. As she got to the car she bent down and slid her black panties down her legs, then took the coat completely off and climbed into the passenger seat. 

I followed, my throbbing member leading the way, pointing straight at her. As I climbed in she was looking over at me, silently begging. I started the car and pulled away, and as soon as I left the driveway I leaned back and said. "Your mouth, now!" 

With a hungry moan she leaped forward towards me, her hands clawing at my belt in her haste to get it off and get at the waiting cock below. In moments I felt the first touch of her fingers, then her tongue as she licked me. Seconds later my shaft was buried in her mouth and she was moaning contentedly. "Oh Daddy you taste even better than I imagined," she said looking up at me, her hand sliding up and down my now slick shaft. 

I growled and grabbed her hair where it was pulled back into her ponytail and pushed her face back down. Thrusting my hips up I drove my cock straight into her throat and held her there until she gagged and choked on it. Finally releasing her I let her resume her blowjob, lovingly licking my cock in between her attempts to swallow it whole. 

A groan forced itself from my chest as she did all of the little tricks she had promised in our chats. Her tongue ring was driving me wild and I idly wondered how I'd never seen it when talking to her in person. Her hands approached my balls and she looked up for permission. She knew that I loved to have my balls played with but still needed me to give her the ok. With a nod I told her to proceed and she began to massage them in her little fingers, her cheeks hollowed out as she applied incredible suction to my cock. 

"Ohhhh Kat I'm going to cum," I groaned loudly as we stopped at a red light. I was about to blow when I saw a trucker pull up on my right. Suddenly, I had a different idea. I managed to hold off my orgasm and gave her another instruction. 

"On your knees little one," I gasped, "There is a trucker next to us staring straight down at your naughty little pussy. I want you to give him a clear view, and I want you to put your fingers inside that sweet little cunt. I will not give you my cum until you have made yourself cum in front of him, do you understand?"

She moaned and looked up at me, desire and pleasure at being shown off evident in her eyes as she lifted herself onto her knees and got into position. In mere seconds she was moaning around my cock as her fingers worked her pussy and clit. Her body began to shake and she looked up at me, her mouth coming off my cock with a pop. "Please Daddy, she begged, "I can't cum unless you tell me to. And I want your cum so please tell me to cum so I can have yours!" 

Reaching over I gave her ass a hard slap, my palm leaving a bright red hand-print on her bare flesh. Looking into her eyes I spanked her again, seeing the shock run through her whole body. "Cum for me my little whore. Cum for Daddy my naughty kitty Kat. Show that trucker how much you love obeying me!" 

Kat screamed and her body tensed as her orgasm rushed through her. Her eyes rolled back and her legs clamped around her hand, trapping it inside her. Before she could stop screaming I pushed her face back onto my cock and buried in into her throat, roaring as I exploded, shooting rope after rope of cum up into her mouth. Our orgasms seemed to go on and on, pleasure wracking both our bodies until we were left gasping for breath. 

A blast from the truck's air horn as he drove forward told me how much he had liked the show, and that the light was green. Shaking my head I hit the gas and drove forward, realizing that we were getting close to Kat's apartment. 

She didn't stop licking my cock until we were parked out front and I told her it was time to go. Lifting her head back up she looked at me with a sad smirk and said, "I've needed that for so long Sir. I can't wait to taste you again." 

I held out my hand and she gave me the panties she'd removed, already knowing what I wanted. I kissed her, tasting myself on her lips, and said. "Soon little one. You were perfect." 

I watched her pull her coat back around herself and hurry to the apartment before heading back home. I wondered how I was going to explain this to my wife. I had never considered myself a cheater, but when it came to Kat / Naughty Kitty, I was powerless to resist. I hadn't lied to her, she was perfect, and she was MINE!