 Mark thought Jada was the sexiest student he had ever taught. She was Puerto Rican, 5'2" with ample breasts and plenty of ass. Her waist was tiny and she radiated sex. Wherever she went, any man in the room was attracted to her. Even the least likely of people...

That August day was a hot one. They always are, in Texas. 18-year-old Jada decided to go sans underwear to school. In fact, she decided to wear the least clothes possible that day, and Mark noticed. When she walked into his room for the last period of the day, all he could think was, "Jesus, WHY do I have to be her TEACHER?" 

Mark didn't look like any other teacher Jada had ever seen, though. He was around 40 but as fit as any 20 year old, with dark brown hair, green eyes, and a tanned body that stood well over six feet. 

They had a test that day. Mark handed out the papers and as he got to Jada's desk he couldn't help but peek down her low cut wraparound shirt. She wore no bra. Her breasts were full and round, so beautiful, so spherical. As he handed her the test, she glanced up at him and mouthed, "I saw that," with a wink. His face flushed bright red and hot, and all he could do was stare at her blankly until he gained enough composure to walk to the next desk. 

Mark sat back down at his desk and pretended to be very occupied with some paper or another for the rest of the class period. He knew he was supposed to be making his lesson plans for the next unit, but all he could think about was Jada's little pink nipples poking out a little, aroused by her voyeuristic tendencies, and the perfect curve of her breasts inside her constricting top that pushed them up even further. His cock twitched as he imagined running his tongue over those cute nipples and down between her breasts, licking her stomach until he came to her desire-swollen pussy. He wanted to play with her virgin hole with his fingers until she screamed, all the while sucking on her engorged clit, pulsing it in and out of his mouth. 

"Mr. Landon? Mr. Landon....? Hello?" 

The sharp tone of the voice in front of him awoke him from his fantasy. And who was there but Jada. "The bell rang, sir," (twitch) "but I'm not finished with my test...I was wondering if, since it's the last period of the day, I could stay and finish up?" 

"Ahm, yeah, just...just sit down and take it." 

"Ooh, I'll take it for you Mr. Landon, I like a man who gets right to the point." Wink. 

His cock jumped again. He stroked it through his pants softly underneath his desk but stopped when he got to the point of cumming. "I will NOT make a fantasy out of a student," he thought. Oh, if he only knew...

---

"I'm done Mr. Landon." 

"Right, well just leave it with me and I'll grade it and you'll get it back tomorrow."

"But there was one more thing I wanted to ask you about it."

"Shoot."

Jada walked, swaying her hips playfully as she went, around his desk and sat on the arm of his big leather chair. "I've always wanted you, Mr. Landon. My pussy gets wet every day during this class period, just from thinking about you."

Mark's eyes widened and his mouth dropped open. He was rendered speechless by her little confession and had no idea what to say. 

"I can see you're a little surprised," she said, eyeing his growing cock. "I think I might want to take care of that for you..."

She dropped to her knees and scooted until she was kneeling between his legs, facing him. She ran her hands up and down his thighs, each time growing closer and closer to his bulging cock. 

All of a sudden, Mark covered his dick with his hands. "No, Jada, we can't do this. It's not allowed."

She pouted. "You don't waaaaant me?" 

"It's not allowed."

"Nice job of avoiding the question there, sir." His cock jumped when she called him sir. "If you want me, just tell me. No one will find out," she told him in her trademark throaty, seductive whisper. 

"I...I...I just can't Jada." 

She raised her eyebrow at him and stood up. She walked until she was standing several feet away from him and untied the side of her shirt. It fell open and revealed her shapely tits and tight stomach, belly button pierced with a silver banana bell. She slid it off her shoulders and pulled her mini skirt down to her ankles and stepped out of it. Her shaven pussy was on full display and she was loving it. So, in fact, was Mark. She bit her lip and ran her tongue over it. 

"Do you want me now, sir?" 

He couldn't resist this perfect girl sitting in front of him any longer. "Yes, yes...I want you." 

"Good."

She walked a little more happily over to his desk one more time and sat on it with her legs spread open in front of him. She put her index finger into her mouth and then slid it down her stomach onto her soaking pussy. She opened her pussy lips and wet her finger with her own sweet juices. She pulled her finger up and put it onto Mark's lips. "Taste," was her concise command. 

He did. He sucked her finger until it was clean. Hers was the best pussy he had ever had the pleasure of tasting. 

"Kneel."

He did so, and he didn't have to be told what to do. He leaned forward until his head was buried between her soccer player's thighs. He licked two wet, slow lines where her legs met her pussy and flicked his tongue back and forth over her outer pussy lips, teasing her. He then, ever so softly, opened her pussy with his tongue and licked several circles around her opening. He ran his tongue upwards on her pussy but when he came to her clit he drew a circle around it but never once touched it. She tried to shove her pussy further onto his face, but alas her efforts were in vain. 

"I know what I'm doing. I'll get there sweetie." 

Her clit was pulsing by itself now, free of its hood and swollen to its limit. He planted several small kisses all over her pussy and licked her pussy so lightly she had to watch to make sure he was still really eating her. And then, all of a sudden, he sucked her clit into his mouth and pulled it in and out of his mouth rhythmically. He grazed it with his teeth once or twice, sending shudders throughout her entire body. 

He brought his hand up to her wet sex and tickled her opening with his index and middle fingers. He slid one finger in about an inch and her pussy gripped it tightly. 

"Jesus, baby, is this your first time?" 

She looked a little bashful and said, "Yes, why?"

"You're so tight baby, your pussy is so tight." 

She smiled at him and motioned for him to continue. He returned his tongue to her clit, licking over and around it with varying pressure and slid the rest of his finger into her. Her eyes rolled back into her head with pleasure and she moaned. He slowly, so slowly, began to work his second finger into her pussy. She winced just a little until she got used to the size of it. He began to pulse his fingers in and out of her, slowly at first and then gradually gaining speed until, 5 minutes later, he was pounding them into her and she was arching her back and her body was blissfully being thrown into oblivion. 

Her first orgasm came when he took her clit back into his mouth and french kissed it like he would her tongue. She shook slightly and her muscles began to tighten. She tensed her entire body and then in one instant came all over his face. Her pussy contracted around his fingers and she shook until the earth shattering climax subsided. 

She leaned her body, glistening with a thin sheen of sweat, onto his body as he stood. He held her until her breathing returned to normal. He lifted her chin with his fingers and kissed her lightly on her lips. The little kiss progressed as his tongue found its way into hers and they began exploring each other's mouths. 

A minute later, her hand was snaking down his rippled stomach and expertly unbuckling his belt and unbuttoning his pants. She slid them both down his legs and he kicked them aside. She began to unbutton his shirt, all the while passionately kissing him. She ran her hands up his defined chest and over his toned arms and shoulders and moved her kiss to his neck. She licked little circles around it and then finally stopped above where his collarbone was visible. She sucked his neck and nibbled on it until his cock was ready to explode right then. 

He was naked in front of her and she couldn't resist that big, waiting cock. She wrapped her little hand around the base. It only reached a third of the way up his dick. She slid her hand up and down the shaft, squeezing slightly, and kissed the tip lightly. She flicked it with her tongue, to tease him like he teased her. She swirled it over the head of his swollen, hard cock and took it into her mouth. She circled it inside her mouth slowly and used her other hand to tickle his balls with her fingers. She squeezed them very, very gently and he almost came right there. With a lot of restraint, he stopped himself and allowed her to continue her escapade down his shaft. 

She slowly slid her wet mouth over his entire cock until her nose was touching his skin. She moved her head up and down until he could feel his cock penetrating her throat. He hadn't been deepthroated in forever and it felt just as good as the first time it happened to him. He ran his fingers through her hair and moaned short words of encouragement. She could feel his cock growing thicker and thicker as he got closer to cumming. 

She released his cock from her mouth and licked one straight, clean line from his balls to his head and that did him in. He began shooting into her mouth and she swallowed it all, savoring the unique taste of him. He collapsed backwards into his chair and she sat on his knees, straddling him. She pressed her body into his and they breathed in unison for several minutes, both of them exhausted. 

---

"We had probably better get going, sweetie. It's getting kind of late to be in school together."

"Oh, well...hmm. I had kind of wanted to, um...have sex with you." 

"Wow. I would love to oblige, but...it IS getting late, and, well...it's just late. How about I drive you home?" 

She looked slightly put down but didn't say anything except, "Sure, that's fine."

They walked out to the car, but as soon as she climbed into the front seat and he closed the door for her (not, of course, before giving her a healthy little spank on her perfect ass), she told him where they were going. 

"Your apartment, Mark. I want you to fuck me in your bed."