 This is a story about what a professor and her students learn about sex, nature, and themselves on a research trip to study wild chimps. You can go back to the first chapter (probably better) or just start here. Chad is a soccer player from UNC who is an undergrad assistant on the trip, and is very good with the ladies. Kate is a professor at a crossroads in her life as she faces tenure and starting a family.

*****

Part 1

Chad woke up to the sound of strange birds outside and the feel of a warm mouth around his shaft. Apparently Elise was a morning person. She'd already taken a shower and was kneeling on the bed between his legs in a grey push-up bra and matching underwear.

"Good mooning, sleepyhead," she teased him.

She looked straight at him as her tongue licked the whole ten inches of him, from base to bulbous head. Then she opened her mouth and lowered her face down slowly, taking as much of his thick shaft as she could manage. Chad watched for a while as she bobbed her head up and down, holding her hair back to get a better view. He could definitely get used to this.

Elise paused, still holding the base of his shaft in her tiny hand, and looked up at him again quizzically.

"So. Are you my boyfriend now?" she asked.

"Do I look like him?"

Elise looked down at his shaft and gave it a long stroke or two.

"No. You don't," she replied, a playful glint in her eyes. Then she put him back in her mouth. Yeah, this was going to be an interesting four weeks.

Part 2

"This is not about sex," Kate told herself, "it's about work." If she didn't have at least one solid orgasm this morning she'd have cramps and a headache all day. And she needed to be sharp for the official first day of the research trip. Dealing with all the logistical hassles, not to mention the raging hormones of nine undergrads, not to mention her own, was going to be quite a task. And she'd only gotten a few hours of sleep last night at most. She thought of the sounds coming through the wall last night as Chad and Elise pounded their headboard against her wall. She thought of how crazy she'd been acting since she started menstruating this time, now that she wasn't on the pill anymore and she and Brian were trying to make a baby. She was glad Karin, her postdoc, and her new graduate student Jessica were there to help keep the younger ones on task. There was so much riding on this trip for her.

She'd realized in the shower. What she needed to do now was to get herself off quickly, then get dressed and head down to breakfast before the first orientation session at 9 am sharp. She but on a bathrobe and strode decisively over to the little desk where she'd set up her laptop. Lucky thing Brian had texted her this morning about the spare flash drive he'd left behind. And lucky she'd remembered the small stash of porn he kept on it for when he was travelling or when she was out of town. She didn't begrudge him this little "vice." He had needs like every other guy, or woman, and masturbating to a video now and then was better than anything else he could do to meet them when she wasn't around. She knew he had loads of opportunities to hook up with his colleagues and "groupies" while he was travelling, or with the female students in his lab when she was away giving a talk somewhere, and she appreciated the way he kept such clear boundaries with all of that. 

And she didn't mind, really, that most of the videos he liked best were about older authority figures hooking up with younger people in inappropriate ways. She understood the illicit appeal. There had been an age difference between them when they met. Still was one, she reflected. And not that it really mattered, but technically he was still kind of in a position of authority over her. She didn't have tenure, after all, and he did.

So she understood why he was drawn to videos like the one she was opening now as she untied her bathrobe and let it fall away from her, her legs spreading wide as she eased back in the desk chair.

She'd watched this scene with him late one night when neither of them could sleep and they needed a little inspiration to get their juices flowing. It had worked like a charm. They'd had great sex afterwards. A little bit corny, she had to admit. It was from a video called "Sex Teacher" that had a bunch of other vignettes that were pretty good too. She'd watched them all one night, the night she'd masturbated three times. Brian was out of town and he'd forgotten the flash-drive again. She loved all those boyish traits he still had. 

In this one an older male professor type (or was it high school?) was talking in his office with a skinny blonde girl with a short pony-tail. She was chewing gum and asking questions about her paper and the grade, Kate supposed. She hadn't been able to find her headphones and didn't have time to look for them any more. The older guy was leaning back in his desk chair with his hands behind his head as he appraised the girl coolly. 

Kate's hands went to her breasts and began to knead them hard. The girl's expression changed. She seemed to be saying something more flirtatious, dirtier. Kate flicked her nipples as the older guy leaned forward and smiled. Then the girl walked around to the side of the desk and took the gum out of her mouth.

Kate's right hand went to her crotch as she continued to massage her breasts. "This is not about sex," she reminded herself. She had things to do and places to be. She reached out with her right hand and scanned forward a little in the scene. Now the girl was on her knees with her tongue sticking out and the professor's cock in her tiny hand as she stroked it roughly, licking the head once or twice. Kate's hand went back to her crotch, taking some of the wetness from inside her and spreading it on her labia and clit. It was hard now and she traced a few slow circles around it with her finger. 

She leaned back further in the chair as the girl took the whole length of the professor in her mouth, gazing up at him with her devilish blue eyes. She scanned a little further and she was still on her knees with her smallish breasts wrapped around the professor's dick as he thrusted up between them. Further and the girl was bent over the desk with her bottom half exposed. The professor stood behind her, naked with his hands on his hips. Kate liked watching his butt muscles contract as he pounded into the girl. He looked kind of like Brian, but beefier and with more of a gut.

Kate was making faster circles on her clit now and raising her butt off the chair as she leaned back to get the right angle. She scanned to the end of the scene. The girl was on her knees again and the professor was cumming now on her smallish breasts as she held them up to him with her hands. A few more quick circles and Kate felt the orgasm wash over her. She sat back in the chair a minute and stared idly at the screen.

Before she realized what has happening the next scene had already started. This one showed pretty much the same situation but with the professor as an older brunette woman and the student as a skinny blonde guy with an earring. She scanned through it quickly. He was telling her something with an "aw shucks" expression and a look of embarrassment on his face. She was listening sympathetically with her big brown eyes and nodding her head as her hand reached across the desk toward him. Then he came around the desk and stood in front of her with his pants down while she stroked and blew him, still seated. Then she put him on his back on the desk and mounted him, still wearing her skirt and bra, but with the cups pulled down to display her large breasts. That scene was good too, she remembered, but she'd have to save it for later. Still, it was tempting to get herself off again, just one more time to make sure the cramps went away, even if she risked being late. No. She better not.

She walked over to the closet, throwing her bathrobe to the floor, and paused for a minute in front of the full-length mirror. She really did have a terrific body. For any age, let alone thirty-four. The woman in the video couldn't hold a candle to her, though she guessed they were supposed to be the same "type." They both wore "serious" glasses over their round, brown eyes and had darkish hair that parted in the middle and hung down to just below their shoulders. They were both the same age and in exceptional shape (Kate was religious about her yoga and running) but still with womanly figures. Big round hips and generous butts, firm and heart-shaped. Kate turned around and stuck her butt out a little to inspect it. 

"Nice lady, Nice body" she laughed to herself. Then she wrinkled her nose as she remembered where that comment had come from originally.

Of all the comments on ratemyprofessors.com Brian loved to tease her about that one the most (though he also liked the pantsuit and wildcat comments). He was always repeating it to her around the house while he groped her breasts from behind or weighed her ass in his hands. She didn't mind too much, though she still found the comment an offensive one from a student, and wanted it removed from the website. But it was important to their marriage to keep a little edge in their sex life.

Kate turned around and appraised her front side. The woman in the video definitely had much bigger breasts, though like Kate's they were appealingly natural. Large and heavy but with a great shape. They felt firm in your hands. Kate reached up and cupped her breasts from underneath, bouncing them a little to make sure. Then she opened the chest of drawers beside her and took out a bra, a simple black number that she usually wore under her teaching clothes. She reached behind her to clasp it. Jesus, she could hardly get it shut. Her breasts were definitely bigger when she menstruated, though still not nearly as big as the woman's in the video. There was no way she could disguise hers under a pantsuit jacket.

When she finally got the clasp shut Kate looked up into the mirror again, and, without even thinking about it, pulled the cups down from her breasts and tucked the fabric under them, the added support making her breasts stick up a little higher. Not bad, she thought. She'd have to keep that trick in mind for Brian's next visit. She stuck her chest out and smiled flirtatiously like the woman professor in the video had to the skinny blonde guy. She had a crazy idea to go find her glasses and complete the look, just to see the effect it created. But she didn't have time. She rearranged her breasts and opened another drawer to find a shirt.

Her first idea was the cute purple scoop-neck she'd worn out to dinner with Brian a couple of nights ago. It was casual, and would keep her as cool as possible. But would it be too tight now that her period was about to start? She pulled it over her head and inspected the results in the mirror. No way, she laughed. Her breasts were way too big today for this one. They looked like they were about to burst through the stretchy purple fabric. She was even showing a little cleavage. 

She put on a loose white blouse instead (damn, she was late already) and reached for her usual black pants, the kind that went with her pantsuits. She had a lot of things to get together before she went down to breakfast and she needed to get moving.

Part 3

Kate strode confidently through the hotel restaurant where Karin, Jessica, and most of the undergrads were already eating. At least she tried to seem confident. On the elevator down she'd realized that her blouse wasn't quite as unrevealing as she'd thought at first. Her breasts were definitely straining against the white fabric a little and it looked like a couple of the buttons were pulling apart. She hoped no one could see her bra, or worse her breasts, through the small gaps opening between the buttons. Her pants felt tight on her bottom too, and on her crotch. She wished she'd brought her jacket with her, even if it would be uncomfortable in the heat. But it was too late to go back upstairs now. 

She took a deep breath and kept her eyes fixed on the center table where Karin and Jessica were already seated, chatting over coffee. She felt the eyes of the undergads inspecting her as she strode through the room, trying not to bounce too much in her simple flat-soled shoes. Not all of the kids were up yet, she noticed, but Chad and Elise were sitting at a table with another girl (Courtney?) and some guy she didn't know. Well, it was natural enough if they looked at her. She was the group leader after all. The alpha.

"Good morning," she said to Karin and Jessica, throwing her briefcase hurriedly on the table and heading off to the buffet to get some coffee and something to eat. She felt the undergrads looking at her again, especially the guys, as she picked up a plate and tried to decide what to eat. She had her back to them. She knew she had a nice butt. She was always catching guys staring at it. And today it was popping out a little extra in her suddenly too tight slacks. It felt humiliating and strangely alluring all at the same time, she thought, as she poured herself some coffee. Jesus, maybe she should have masturbated a second time before she came downstairs. She needed a clear head today.

Kate strode back to the table trying not to be too bouncy again and sat down between Karin and Jessica.

"Sorry I'm a little late. I didn't sleep well last night."

"Missing Brian?" Jessica asked, with a playful expression.

Kate wrinkled her nose at her, vaguely disapproving. Jessica was a talented young Ph.D. student. She had loads of potential. But she also had a habit of stepping over the kinds of professional boundaries you needed to respect if you were going to be a successful academic, especially if you were a woman. 

"Well, yes, I guess I am." 

Jessica laughed. Karin shot a look at Kate and rolled her eyes. They'd talked about Jess a number of times. 

They made small talk about the flight and their rooms and the trip ahead of them while Kate pushed her food around her plate with the fork. Her cramps were gone for now but she still didn't feel very hungry. She pushed her plate away from her and leaned back in her chair, sighing. Jess and Karin eyed each other significantly. They were both thinking the same thing. Was she feeling nauseous? Maybe even morning sickness? Or just a bad case of the cramps? Kate could tell what they were thinking and resented the feeling of being scrutinized. Like some ape in heat.

"What?" she snapped, her temper getting the best of her. 

Jess and Karin looked at each other. They'd both seen this kind of thing before.

"Nothing," smiled Karin, the older and more polished of the two young scientists. "Not feeling well or something?"

"No, not especially," Kate smiled back at her, recovering her composure. 

Suddenly she felt the urge to confide in the two young women, her only two adult companions for the four weeks in the rain forest. They were female like her, after all, and they'd have to work together smoothly if the research trip was going to be a success. She'd have to become more friendly with them. And it would be nice to have some friends to talk with these days, when she was so stressed out and conflicted with all this intense stuff happening about her tenure and trying to get pregnant.

"Sorry I'm such a bitch this morning."

The younger women nodded.

"It's just that I have an epic case of menstrual cramps," she continued.

It felt good to talk and once she started she couldn't stop. Before she knew it she was saying too much.

"They started last night and kept me up and I have a headache too and my cramps are always pretty bad but this time they're horrible because I went off the pill a couple months ago and my hormones are still crazy."

Jess and Kate laughed. She could see the wheels turning in their heads.

"Wait, you went off the pill?" Jess asked, suddenly connecting the dots, "O my god, are you and Brian trying for a baby?"

Kate nodded and both the younger women gave her big, excited smiles. They were really very nice. She felt good around them.

"I know how it is," said Karin.

Jess and Kate gawked at her.

"Not about getting pregnant!," she clarified, "about going off the pill. You feel like a madwoman at first but then once your hormones balance out it's much better. I totally prefer it now that I'm off it too. It's much better to follow your natural cycle. You know that you don't ovulate when you're on the pill, right?"

Kate nodded.

"It feels better when you get that back," Karin continued. "You feel so powerful and energized on your fertile days," her eyes flashed as she said it. "I've really noticed the difference since I stopped the pill."

"Yeah, and you feel so horny too!" Jess gushed. "When I went off it I could barely keep my legs together. My poor boyfriend! Not only did he have to wear a condom but he actually got an injury from all the sex we were having! Too bad for me. Lab sessions were torture with all those cute boys ogling me all the time. You know they loved that lab coat! Sometimes I'd tease them a little at the end of class."

She pretended to take her coat off for them, closing her eyes and sticking out her breasts, wiggling them a little, as she pulled it from her shoulders. 

"Jess, please!," cried Karin, looking around at the undergrads nearby, though she was laughing a little too. 

Kate clearly disapproved. She wrinkled her nose at Jess and turned her attention to some papers in front of her.

Jess really was a beautiful girl. An olive-skinned stunner from Argentina, who dressed the part, Kate noted, and had a shapely pair of b-cups. Kate kind of envied them this morning, with her own breasts feeling so swollen and out there in the open. Jess wouldn't have any trouble concealing hers, if she ever tried. 

Kate surveyed Jess's outfit wondering if it were professional enough for an instructor. She was wearing a neat maroon v-neck top, sleeveless. Kate glanced under the table quickly and noted the olive skirt that showed a lot of Jess's legs. 

I don't know, Kate thought. It's right on the edge. She might even have to say something about it. She didn't mind the views of Jess's strong arms and legs, toned from all the cross-fit she did (all the new grad students were into that). Why not show that off! But her chest and rear-end! The v-neck was cut a little too low and Jess was a wearing a pushup bra that made her breasts point upward slightly, their full outline visible beneath the stretchy fabric. It wasn't obscene or anything but it was definitely too tight for Kate's taste. She wondered if the skirt was too.

Had she gotten too prudish about these things in her mid-thirties, she wondered? She looked at Karin's outfit and was struck by how much it revealed too. She was also a very beautiful woman. Almost a younger version of Kate, she thought, with unconscious pride and maybe even a flash of jealousy. But she was darker, like a lot of Jewish girls, and with curly hair, longer and browner than Kate's, almost black. 

Karin had returned to the buffet table and Kate watched her butt stick out a little as she leaned over with her plate to grab some food. She had a large but firm butt like Kate's and was wearing some fairly short blue tennis shorts that complimented the shape of it and showed off her long tennis player legs. She'd played at Duke, where she'd met her fiancé, a psychology professor, who'd pursued Karin when she was a student, just out of high school.

Karin was walking back to the table now and Kate admired her full hips in the shorts, which were revealing but kind of sporty in a way that made them seem more appropriate somehow. The shirt was the same way, a tight navy tank-top that showed off Karin's substantial, but shapely chest, a little smaller than Kate's, but definitely in the ballpark. She was a sexy young woman, you couldn't deny, but the outfit managed to present her more as a confident professional with important things to do and the energy and focus to get them done. Her whole body language said plainly that she wouldn't waste time worrying if her students enjoyed the view. If she felt comfortable and confident and it helped her do her work then that was what she'd wear! 
