 As soon as they arrived at Mark's apartment, Jada asked, "Which floor?" 

"Third," he told her, shaking his head and rolling his eyes at his utter lack of self-control. God, did he want her...

She ran ahead of him and began climbing the stairs slowly, sticking out her ass and swinging her hips with every step. "Oh, god," Mark muttered under his breath as he glanced up and got a full view of Jada's wet and very, very virgin pussy. He tried to walk at an angle that would conceal his erection, but it was impossible. They just came so fast with this girl. 

They reached the third floor after what seemed like hours of torturous, teasing agony to Mark, who wanted so badly to just grab this little tease and fuck her until she screamed. Jada waited at the top of the stairs, not knowing which room to go to. He took her to room 302 and unlocked the door. He helped her through the doorway by pushing lightly on the small of her back...and then her ass...and as his fingers were just about to touch her pussy she said, "I'm hungry, Mark." 

"Ahm...well let me see what I have, bachelors aren't usually known for their stocked refrigerators..." 

"Oh shut up, Mr. Landon. I'm not talking about food. I'm hungry for your cock," she winked. 

"How do you DO it?" he asked Jada in amazement. "How can you possibly still be a virgin when you're this blatantly sexual??" 

"It's a secret, one that I'll tell you if you take me to your bedroom." 

When she stepped into his room, Jada noted that it was actually very, very clean – not befitting the bachelor image. His king sized bed was a rich, red mahogany that matched his dresser, which was covered in dozens of colognes. Jada glanced at it and said, "No wonder you always smell so good, Mark. But I think I like you better right now...when you just smell like sex," she smiled. "Oh, and the reason I'm still a virgin is that I've been waiting for a real man to do the job." 

He grinned at her and told her what a bad girl she was. "I know," she told him. "But that's what makes me all the more alluring." 

"You're damn straight it does," he told her as he wrapped one arm around her tiny waist and pulled her womanly body into him. He tilted her chin upwards with his other hand and bent down to kiss her, a feat which proved very difficult, as he was a good 14 or 15 inches taller than she. Their lips collided softly. Jada smiled as her teacher's stubble tickled her face. "You need to shave," she told him. 

"Yeah, I do...but you don't," he smiled at her. Her eyebrows furled in confusion, but before she could ask what he was talking about he gently guided her to his bed and pushed her onto it until she lay on her back with her ass at the edge. He pushed her skirt up to her waist and caressed her pussy with his fingers. "See, so smooth, not a hair to be found," he said, and then she understood. He motioned for her to raise her hips and he slid her skirt down over her feet and let it drop to the floor. She untied her shirt and threw it over the side of the bed. 

He turned and walked around the side of the bed and climbed up onto it. He patted the space next to him and said, "Come on up baby." She scooted to where he was lying and lay on her stomach. She gazed up at him with her pretty green eyes and smiled. He sat up and began massaging her neck and shoulders slowly and sensually. He moved his hands to her arms and rubbed them until her muscles melted in his hands and she felt like she wouldn't be able to move them ever again. He slowly rubbed his way down to the small of her back, which he kneaded with his knuckles until she groaned with pleasure. He slid his hands over her ass and massaged it too, except this time, without warning, he raised his hand and slapped it hard down onto her skin. 

"OW!!" she screamed. "That hurt!" 

"Alright, alright, I couldn't resist. It's just so ...round and perfect." 

"Well you see, I didn't mind it, per se, I just wasn't expecting it." 

"Oh really?" he asked her with a gleam in his eye. "Really," she replied and turned back around. Clearly she wasn't afraid. 

He rubbed her ass some more and then smacked it again. She jerked with pain again, but there was no denying the growing wetness between her thighs. Every time Mark spanked her perfect ass, Jada moaned in a mixture of pain and ecstasy. 

He stopped with difficulty after a few minutes and resumed his massage down her legs. He squeezed from her thick thighs to her calves and back up again. By the time he had reached her pussy she was dripping wet. "You want me bad, don't you?" he asked her. 

"At the risk of feeding your ego, I want you so bad I could scream with frustration." 

Mark pushed her legs apart and licked her juices from her pussy and told her to flip over. She did, but she also sat up and began ripping his clothes off. As far as she was concerned, no time was too soon for his cock to be buried inside her, even just a few seconds later when he slowly but firmly pushed her back until her head rested on his pillows and he brought her knees up at a 90 degree angle with her body and used them to steady himself as he put his cock right against her pussy. Bit by bit, he began pushing himself into her. He was glad she was so wet, because without her juices she would be too tight for him to get inside her. After a minute or two he had only his head inside her and she was wincing slightly. Her pussy gripped him so tightly that he thought he might explode before he ever got to thrust his entire cock into her. He gradually began to inch his cock forward into her. 

"Just fuck me, Mark! I can't take it anymore!" she screamed suddenly as she leaned up and grabbed his hips and pulled. 

Oh, FUCK yes, he thought as he rammed his thick cock inside her. 

She screamed in pain but he didn't stop. If she wanted to be fucked, he would fuck her well. She squeezed her pussy muscles around his rock hard dick and he savored the tightest pussy he had ever felt. An hour earlier it had been unbelievably tight around just one finger, and now it was wrapped around his cock and he was in heaven. Because of her wetness, he slid easily in and out of her pussy but never once did she cease to squeeze him tight. 

Mark reached to Jada's ankles and propped them up over his shoulders and fucked her even harder, with every thrust ramming into her g-spot. She orgasmed almost immediately and with that he pummeled his cock deep into her pussy and held it there as he shot inside her tiny, pink, wet pussy. He slowed his thrusts but kept going for a few minutes until he was soft and she was too sensitive to continue. 

He laid his body on top of hers, sweaty chest against sweaty chest, and they panted together for a few minutes. He rolled sideways but didn't remove his cock from her pussy, and there they fell asleep, and only when Jada's cell phone rang did they wake. She reluctantly climbed out of her teacher's bed and answered it. 

Her mother's voice echoed from across the line, "Where are you? I've been worried!"

"Don't worry mom," Jada replied. "Mar- Mr. Landon has just been teaching me some things. He'll bring me home when we're done." 

"Okay honey, but be careful. You know that these days it's not always a good idea to be alone with a male teacher." 

"I know mom, I know." 

If she only knew, Jada thought. If she only knew.