 Part 1

Chad couldn't believe how hot Jess looked when she came downstairs in her scarlet Rutgers t-shirt and a pair of tiny shorts that showed off her long, lean legs and her big ass. He loved the way that girls started looking when they got a little older. Fuller and more substantial. Elise's tits were great, yeah, but Jess was in her mid twenties now (a grad student) and hers just had that little bit extra: a little rounder and heavier, but still firm and high and pointing upward when you saw then bouncing from the side, like Chad was right now in the form-fitting t-shirt. Chad pictured the photo of Jess in the bikini in Argentina. The one from the side where she was looking at the camera and smiling flirtatiously, with one hand on her hip and the other hand holding up her long brown hair. She was kind of turned a little at the hips and she was sticking her ass out, full and ripe, and she was sticking out her tits too and they were definitely juicy. Today she was wearing red, Chad noted, and maybe it was because she was ovulating that her body looked so ripe and he couldn't take his eyes off her. 

Jesus. Maybe he should have jerked off to her before he came downstairs. He wanted to have a clear head today so he could do a good job as team leader and learn as much as he could about the chimps they'd be studying. Professor Morgan's lecture yesterday afternoon had been really interesting, more passionate and more deeply insightful about the apes than a lot her lectures had been last term, and he wanted to be able to pay close attention to what she might say today. Maybe he still had time to sneak upstairs and rub one out.

"Chad are you even listening to me," said the girl next to him at the table.

Chad turned to face her and gave his friendly smile. It was the cute redhead with the freckles and the thick wavy hair and the scrunched up nose with green eyes. Ellen. He couldn't remember whether he was supposed to be acting nice and friendly to her at the moment or more teasing and flirtatious, more aggressive. Friendly was the safe bet.

"Of course I am. It's really interesting."

Ellen smiled back at him and kind of dropped her head to the side a little.

Chad turned toward Elise and made a note that she was really pissed at him, leaning backward in her chair with her arms folded across her chest and frowning. Chad leaned back in his own chair and looked right back at her, letting his eyes travel slowly down the front of her. He liked the way her folded arms pushed her smallish tits together and made them sit higher and fuller on her chest, in the blue v-neck. 

He turned back to Ellen and looked straight at her now and dropped his head to the side. Her face was cute and he'd just remembered that she had a cute body too.

Part 2

Kate walked into the breakfast room where most of the undergrads and Karin and Jess were already eating. She looked hot and she knew it and she liked it and that bothered her a little and it pissed her off too. She felt the room get quiet when she entered it but she just kept on walking, nodding to Jess and Karin as she tossed her briefcase on the table and strode right over to the buffet for a cup of coffee and a croissant, not worrying at all when she had to stick her ass out in the tennis shorts to reach the bowl of pastries, her backside to the student tables. 

"Let 'em look," she thought, "little pervs." She looked great and she had more important things on her mind. She grabbed a croissant and a muffin and picked up her coffee and marched right over to the women's table and sat her ass down.

"Okay," she said to the younger women (she had their complete attention) "I'm going to do the first session this morning as a surprise question and answer. To review what we went over yesterday. I need the kids to be sharp before we get out to the field site. And we leave tomorrow. And if I have to be a little bit sharp with them this morning to get their attention then that's how it is." 

She turned to face Jess who looked bright-eyed and alert in her no non-sense t-shirt and her comfortable shorts. 

"Jess I need you to go upstairs and get all of the undergrads who aren't down here yet out of their bedrooms and at a table eating breakfast. No staying up there masturbating half the morning."

She smiled and raised her eyebrows. Jess laughed and stood straight up and walked out of the room to the elevators.

Kate felt awesome. She was being a complete bitch and she liked it and her whole body was tingling. And more than that, she could tell that Jess and Karin liked it too. It wasn't just her that had a lot riding on this trip. They had things they wanted as well: a dissertation topic and a good job. And to have a successful trip they needed to have a strong leader.

She turned to Karin. She was such a beautiful and soulful looking young woman and Kate sensed a lot of potential in her. She wanted to tap into that more deeply on this trip because it would be good for both of them, and it would help them both achieve what they wanted to in their lives and careers.

"Karin I need you to come in after the question and answer session to go over everything again with the kids. Be patient with them. Bad cop, good cop. You know the routine."

Karin smiled and nodded.

"Then I need you to start organizing them into teams for the more practical stuff about getting the equipment prepped and packed and ready for the flight tomorrow. Actually, we can give that to Elise and Chad."

She pushed her chair back and stood up and faced Elise and Chad's table and called them over to her in a clear loud voice:

"Chad, Elise, I need you over here for a minute."

They both looked right at her. Then they pushed their own chairs back and stood up and walked straight over to her.

Part 3

Kate was on fire. She was laying it down to the kids like she never had before and she was in complete control of herself and no one was thinking about anything except her and what she was saying. They were all looking straight at her. And it wasn't just because she had just snapped at a couple of them when she saw them texting or when a couple more had gotten busted for obviously not paying very close attention to an important part of one of the sessions yesterday. It was also because what she had to say to them was fucking brilliant and she was saying it in the most compelling way. 

She felt like she'd finally figured out her own way of doing this, her own style. Firing questions at the kids and giving them a warm pat on the back if they gave an answer she liked and a sharp kick in the ass if it wasn't good enough.

So far Chad and Elise had been excellent and she could tell Courtney had a lot of potential too. But the other two guys and a couple of the girls seemed like they'd just been kind of drifting along yesterday and she couldn't have that once they were out in the field.

"Okay. So why do chimps have sex?"

"To reproduce," said Elise.

"Good. Why else?" 

She rolled her eyes and shook her head and kind of held her hands out toward them and waved them in frustration.

"Come on. It's not rocket science. Do you want to make a baby every time you have sex?"

They all laughed.

"Then why do it? What else do the chimps get out of it? Come on. Think about bonobos. It's not totally different than with chimps."

"Peace and quiet," said Chad. "Group harmony."

She was impressed. She smiled at him and nodded her head and waved her hands again a little so he would keep going. She felt her breasts start bouncing as she moved her hands excitedly but she didn't let it distract her.

"Yeah, and how does sex give them that?"

Chad looked at his notebook for a second and then raised his eyes to hers, the deep blue eyes she'd been fantasizing about last night when she fucked herself silly to a shattering orgasm. 

"Because it helps relieve stress and promotes cooperation in a tight-knight group."

Does it ever! thought Kate, as she smiled and nodded.

"Good. And how do we know that? Come on. Someone else this time. Courtney, your turn.

"Well, sometimes when there hasn't been enough food for a while and a group of bonobos finds some ripe fruit tree or something, well, everyone gets all excited about it and conflicts start to break out. Sometimes then they'll start to have, what's it called, a 'general copulation.'"

"Excellent Courtney. And what is that? What is a general copulation?"

One of the weaker male students in the back shifted in his seat a little and started answering:

"It's when everyone starts having sex with each other" he began, kind of slowly but carefully too. He was sitting up in his seat a little higher now and making better eye contact with Kate and just acting in general like he gave a shit about what they were all going to be doing in the rain forest for the next month.

"Go on," she encouraged him.

"Yeah, well, there's too much tension, and the high status apes are afraid that there's going to be violence and maybe a baby might get killed by accident or something so they start encouraging everyone to have sex with each other. All different kind of pairings: intercourse in all kinds of positions, females rubbing their genitals against each other, males rubbing their penises together." 

"O I see you were paying attention to that part," she flashed her eyes at him as she said it. 

Everyone laughed, including him. He seemed okay. And then she smiled too.

"Great. So all I'm saying is that when we get to the chimps we want to be looking for that kind of thing all the time. It won't be as obvious as with the bonobos but I think it's happening. And I think if we look really carefully and are all really on top of our game in terms of being up and out there early and knowing what we're doing, and really sharp about having the equipment working and everything packed where we can find it, then I think we're going to see some amazing things out there."

She scanned the room and all of the kids were nodding at her and looking serious and alert. She nodded back at them. Then she clasped her hands behind her back and looked down and started pacing again, back and forth, in the narrow aisle of carpet between the first row of seats and the podium. 

She was so close to the kids in the front, like Chad and Elise and a couple of the other bright ones, that she could almost smell them. It was hot and humid and everyone was sweating. A couple times when she almost tripped over the slide projector cord she was afraid she might fall into one of their laps or something. But it was good to get right on top of them like this once in a while. Right up in their faces. She could sense that. 

Their eyes followed her from one side of the room to the other. She knew what they were seeing. The tennis shorts were still too tight on her ass and her boobs were still swollen and they were sticking out almost obscenely in the purple scoop-neck. But as long as they were respectful about it, as long as they didn't make it obvious and it didn't keep them from doing their jobs, she was fine with it. They could look all they wanted at her full, womanly body, even fuller than normal in the right places because she was about to get her period and she'd just gone off the pill. And when they got to their rooms later that night they could do what they wanted while they thought about it and wished they could have it there with them, imagining her doing all kinds of things to them as they stroked themselves off or had sex with one of the other undergrads. She unclasped her hands behind her back and gave them a full view of her ass now as she started swinging her hips a little while she paced. That should give them something to remember tonight, she laughed to herself, something to aspire to. 

She stopped and turned to face them. She was standing in front of Chad and he was sitting up and looking right at her with a notebook full of notes but also kind of leaning back in his chair to give her more room to move around in. 

"Okay. Good. But we're also going to see this."

She pushed the clicker in her hand and a new image appeared on the screen behind her. It showed a picture of a male chimp facing the camera with his mouth open and his hands beating his chest and a shiny red hard penis, about the size of a finger, sticking straight out at the kids.

Everyone laughed again, louder this time.

"So who can tell me how males in a group will announce their presence to females in estrus, in heat?"

Courtney jumped right in: "Lots of ways. But the one we concentrated on yesterday was through displays of penis size."

"Good. And what kind of behaviors does a large penis and large testes tend to correlate to?"

"Aggression, violence, and social dominance," Courtney piped up again.

"Good. What else?"

"Reproductive success with the most popular females," Chad jumped in.

"Yes. Good. That's what we want to stay focused on. That's our question. Why do the males with the biggest penises tend to be the most dominant, and the most aggressive, and why do they get to mate more often with the highest-status females, the most popular females, when they are most fertile?"

She scanned the room again. They were thinking seriously about her question and they seemed absolutely riveted by the new direction she was taking things.

"Anyone?"

She put her hands on her hips and stood up straighter, puffing her chest out a little as she waited for an answer. She was really worked up now and she was sweating a little and her nipples were rock hard and sticking straight out through the tight purple shirt as her lungs heaved. Chad went first, rising to the challenge.

"Well, weren't you saying yesterday that that's kind of the wrong question?"

Her eyes flashed at him: "You tell me."

"Well, what I heard you saying was that you had to separate the question about why males with bigger penises tend to be more aggressive and violent from the question about why they are so successful at mating. They may not be connected after all."

She was impressed, but she wanted to push him a little further.

"Good. So, if it's not because of the threat of violence, primarily, then why do the most popular females tend to select the males with the biggest penises and the largest testes, the males who are most aggressive, on their most fertile days?"

"Because it's the best tool for the job," Chad shot back immediately, not embarrassed or self-conscious in the least. "It's like looking around for a stick or something to scratch their backside with. It's just a better tool."

All the other students laughed, and even Jess and Karin joined in.

"Good," Kate smiled. He'd been listening closely and she was impressed, even flattered. "And why is it the best tool?"

No one answered. Chad seemed a little less sure of himself now, a little more hesitant. Kate put her hands on her hips and stuck out her chest again, practically looming over Chad as he leaned back in his chair to give her room. It made his pecs and shoulders stand out and it showed off his flat stomach in his tight "UNC Soccer" t-shirt. He had some stubble on his chin and he looked fantastic and he smelled fantastic too. Kate breathed in deeply through her nose and caught a whiff of his heavy scent as she felt her crotch moisten. She wondered if he could smell her scent too. She was pretty sure she'd started bleeding and she was pretty sure she could smell it herself, so she was glad she'd put a tampon in before rushing downstairs in her short white shorts. She'd been out of control this morning.

"Come on people. This is going to be important when we get out in the field. You have to know this cold! What can female chimps have that every other female primate can have including humans?"

Ellen's hand shot straight up: "Multiple orgasms. Female chimps can have multiple orgasms. And they tend to have more frequent and more lengthy orgasms when they mate with the males with the biggest penises and the largest testes." 

Kate smiled.

"Nice to hear from you this morning Ellen. I can see that at least something I said yesterday got your attention."

Everyone laughed. Ellen looked a little embarrassed but basically fine.

"So why do big penises give the females better orgasms and why does that make them the best tool for the job?"

Elise answered this time. She looked like it was starting to click for her.

"Well, for a bunch of reasons. For one because it ejaculates their sperm closer to the female's ovum so it has a higher chance of getting there before anyone else's sperm. Female chimps are promiscuous so a lot of times they'll mate with more than one male while they're fertile. But it also helps them be first in other ways too. It's not just the size of their penises. It's also about big testes that allow them to ejaculate more often and more voluminously."

"Excellent. I'm impressed. What else?"

Elise wasn't sure.

"Because it gives them more pleasure," said Chad. "That's what your theory was yesterday. That the popular females mate with the well endowed males first, and most often, because it gives them the most sexual satisfaction. You even said that the female orgasms might create a suction or something that actually draws the sperm into the ovum."

Kate was impressed and delighted. The class was doing great and Chad was being a great team leader and he looked and smelled great doing it. She paused to plan her next remarks and while she did so she suddenly had a crazy idea that she should just march right up to him with her swollen breasts and her glasses and reach into his shorts and fish out his cock and stroke and blow it like the female professor in the video from this morning. I bet the other two guys would start trying harder then, she thought to herself archly.

"Good. That's a good start. We're going to be asking some questions about that theory when we get into the field. But you guys are getting there. Keep it up. I'm going to hand you over to Karin now."

She turned her back to the students and strode out of the room, sashaying a little so they'd have something to remember her lesson by.

Part 4.

In the bar that night Chad couldn't take his eyes off Kate. He needed to get working on Jess tonight, he reminded himself, if he was going to have the best chance of having sex with her, unprotected hopefully, while she was probably fertile. But for now he just wanted to observe his professor a little and see what kinds of signals he could pick up. She had her hair down now and it was a little wavier in the humid air, and she looked relaxed and happy, flashing her big brown eyes at Jess and Karin and any of the undergrads who came over to chat with them at their little table near the center of the room. He noticed that Kate had let Jess get her a second drink tonight and that she'd drunk about half of it and was starting to be a little more playful with Jess and Karin and whatever undergrad they were chatting with. 

At one point Courtney walked over to them, stumbling a little with the effects of her third drink, and before he knew it she'd grabbed Jess and Kate by the hand and led them straight over to the dance floor where they started swaying their hips a little and laughing with each other as they held their drinks, careful not to spill them. Chad was practically losing his mind with the lust and confusion. Professor Morgan looked fertile too, almost bursting out of her shorts and shirt (purple, kind of reddish, he observed) and her voice sounded sexier today, and she'd even smelled different (stronger and saltier) when she'd waved her ass in his face during her lecture this morning. And more than that she looked, how to put it, she looked like she'd enjoy nothing more right now than to grab the hottest guy she could find and drag him up to her room and screw him senseless and then send him home when she was done with him. She looked like her body was on fire. But even so, Chad also noticed, he wasn't picking up even the slightest sign that this could really ever happen, that she was actually receptive to an actual fuck from one of the actual people in this room, including him. And it was driving him crazy and his balls hurt and he felt like he was losing his mind.
