 Office parties have rules.

Rule Number 1:

They are notoriously boring and are never as exciting and stimulating as they are cracked up to be. 

Rule Number 2:

The rumours that you hear going round about things happening in office storerooms are absolute rot. 

Rule Number 3:

Someone decides on the seating plan and you have no say in it. 

I was not looking forward to the event at all, but had to go as it was "expected." I had put on a slinky velvet dress, hoping to at least look a little less like a number and more like a woman and I liked the way it showed off some cleavage and nipped in at the waist a bit over my curvy hips. 

I had wanted to sit next to my mates, but no, I had been allocated a seat next to a complete stranger for the sake of "networking" (and sticking to the rules). Mind you, he was quite cute. Short, dark hair, dark eyes, a good tan and a good body. I suspected there might be a six-pack under the shirt from the way it fitted and I was pleasantly surprised to find someone attractive, because . . . 

Rule Number 4:

Everyone in one's own office is singularly unattractive and definitely not eligible! 

I was introduced to the stranger, and we sat and chatted politely. I drank a lot of wine and wished the evening would go away. Unfortunately, it didn't. 

Rule Number 5:

The party must labour on interminably, with the "hilarity" of party hats and jokes about the boss. 

I looked at this man next to me. He was not looking at me, but gazing longingly down my dress. I considered slapping him, but I liked the way he looked at me, and felt the colour rise to my cheeks a little. I had had a fair bit of wine, and it had an "effect" on me. It made me horny as Hell! 

I couldn't help thinking about him looking and wondering if he liked the amply displayed cleavage. I continued to look at him out of the corner of my eye and noticed his nice bum when he bent over to pick up a napkin. Nice and firm in trousers tight enough to tell his religion. Yum. 

It was then I realised I was wet.

I started speaking to him again, putting forward the opinion that office parties were boring and nobody ever did anything that was worth being gossiped about the morning after. He smiled and said he'd noticed that too. I liked his smile, and was feeling randy enough by now to take a shot at teasing him. 

"We should do something to create office gossip," I said, daringly. "But something really worth "them" talking about."

He leaned over, taking another quick peek down my cleavage and licking his lips openly. 

"I agree," he said. "So would a fuck be out of the question?" 

I stared at him. He was cute and the wine was having an effect. 

"Your place or mine" I countered, not believing I'd said it.

We left the rounds of appalling jokes about chickens crossing the road and slipped out of the restaurant. A quick taxi ride and we were at his hotel. 

We had flirted outrageously in the taxi back and promised each other a whole schedule of positions, much to the taxi driver's amusement and not altogether hidden arousal. The conversation moved to groping and my colleague soon had his finger inside my knickers and I had my hand rubbing his bulge. 

By the time we had got to the hotel we were both incredibly horny. He had a nice body and quite honestly I probably wouldn't have cared anyway - it just really helped that I liked his conversation, I liked him in general and he was so attractive. 

When we got to his room we hit a bottle of wine from the minbar and continued groping and fumbling while we drank. That was about as polite as either of us wanted, because after we had gulped down the contents of the bottle we wasted no time at all.

"I think we first agreed I would lick you," he said, gently pushing me onto the bed and prising my legs apart (well ok, I opened them before he got the sentence out, but it sounded better). 

He pushed my dress up and slid his fingers under my knicker elastic and eased them off. They were little more than a scrap of silk, so it didn't exactly take long!

He went down on me slowly, licking my clit very gently and sliding his tongue up and down my pussy lips. Occasionally pushing his tongue in, he started to rub my clit vigorously. I moaned and opened my legs wider, grasping his hair gently in my hands and guiding him. He moved with me, licking faster and then inserting goodness knows how many fingers into my pussy, thrusting them in and out enthusiastically.

It actually took me only seconds to cum. I am reasonably vocal (and one of the other people from the office was in the room next door) so I had to control that, but I couldn't control the flood of cum from my pussy. He got up with his face shining with it, and kissed me hard making me taste my own juices. 

"Excellent!" he said. "Now I think it's your turn to return the compliment?"

I didn't need telling twice. I grabbed his belt and undid it quickly, then attacked his fly and finally got his trousers down. His boxers went the same way. He stripped off his shirt and stepped out of the clothes around his ankles. I watched him lie down on his back and looked at his cock. He had insisted it was small, but I was greeted with an excellent size and a good girth too. It stood to attention like a soldier on parade and seemed to beckon my lips.

"Mmmm" I mumbled and opened my mouth to take it. He groaned as I slid my mouth over it and slowly moved my lips up and down, making sure my tongue licked him as I did so. I still had my dress on, and felt pretty naughty rubbing the velvet against his legs as I sucked him.

I swirled my tongue around the head, licked him up and down the length and then put my mouth over the head again and gently slid down on it. I ensured that I had encompassed most of it down my throat. I continued to deep throat him as he sighed and moaned. Then I pulled away and started to lick his balls. He groaned again, and gently grabbed my head to guide me back onto his cock, liking the feeling too much to worry about any neglect of his balls. I sucked him for a while, making sure that I took him all in, so that he could feel the back of my throat with the tip. I felt his balls tighten and knew he didn't have long.

At that point, I got the devil in me. I had had so much to drink and was now so horny I didn't care. "I want to fuck you," I said. "I want to slide your cock into my pussy and ride you until you come." "Fabulous" he said. 

Then I gave him the winning line:

"I want you to come inside me and fill my pussy with your cum. I want to feel you shoot your hot load in me and I want to see your face as you do it." And with that I got astride him and positioned his cock at the entrance to my now dripping pussy. He looked at me in awe. "Fabulous!" he grinned "Go for it girl, fuck me as hard as you can and I won't disappoint you!" 

"If you insist," I grinned back, and pushed myself onto him so that he was right up inside my wet, hot pussy, almost hurting me. I moved my hands up to my tits and started to rub them while he watched, pinching the nipples slightly.

"You wouldn't take it like that for long though, would you?" he said. 

"Wouldn't I?" I said, picking up his gauntlet and pushing him up me as far as he could go, this time now slightly painfully so. He groaned in pleasure. "I'll tell you what," I teased. "I'll let you fuck me up the arse if you come in me here." He groaned again, and looked at me pained. "I have to come," he said. "I'm going to fill your pussy with my cum and then I'm going to bend you over the bed and ram it up your arse." "Oh goody," I smiled. "Want me to clean it up afterwards?"

That did it. His face contorted and he grabbed me round the waist and pulled me down on him, pushing his cock up in desperation and filling my pussy with cum. He groaned, stroking it hard and fast as he came in floods. I thought he would never stop. I could feel the warmth as he climaxed inside me and I could see his face as he sighed and thrust. He looked as if he had died and gone to Heaven and I knew how he felt.

I came too. Squealing in pleasure I thrust down on him too, pinching my nipples and hurting myself slightly, feeling his cock reach the top of my womb, and feeling his hot cum continue to spurt out inside me. After the feeling had subsided he looked at me and stared. "God, you are such a bad girl" he grinned.

He grabbed me, pulled at my dress and I lifted my arms up to help him get it off. I had no bra on, and stood there in hold-up stockings and my birthday suit. He flipped me over the bed on my front and pushed his finger to my arsehole. "As I need a moment or two to get stiff again, I'll give you a little something to think about" he said, and started pushing his finger up my arse. I squealed, and pushed back on his finger. 

"So you do want me up your arse?" he asked, knowing the answer. 

"I want you up my arse" I said. "I want you to ram your dick up my arse and fuck me senseless. And then I want to suck your cock until you cum and then lick you clean afterwards."

That sorted out his lack of stiffy. He spat and I knew he was rubbing it over his dick. He mumbled something about me being a horny bitch and I could feel his dick at the entrance to my arse. 

"So are you going to wait there all day or are you going to give me a good roger with that thing," I said, wondering how the hell I was going to take the pain if he pushed hard. He didn't. Although I had egged him on he eased his dick into my hole slowly and gently wiggled it in and out until I had relaxed enough. Then he pushed slowly. I moaned a little, and then pushed back gently too. 

He was soon up my arse to his balls. He started to move his dick in and out, taking his time to pull it almost all the way out and then push it back in again - slowly at first and then increasing the pace. He was intently watching his actions; I could see his face in the mirror opposite the bed. He smiled as he pushed it in and out, slowly and deliberately. By now I was ready for it and pushed back to meet him.

He was making appreciative noises and was obviously getting more and more turned on by this and more adventurous too. 

"Are you going to suck it when I'm finished?" he said. "Are you going to suck my dirty cock for me until it's stiff again?"

"Oh yes!" I said, knowing that it was turning him on so much. "I'll suck your cock after you've had my arse, I really want to clean it for you."

With that he pulled out of me, leaving me gasping, turned me over onto my back and thrust his cock in my mouth. I couldn't believe he'd actually done it, but I was so turned on I didn't care.

"Suck me then!" he gasped. "Suck my cock, clean everything off it for me and make me cum. Suck my dick and swallow my cum!" I did. I sucked his cock, not really caring what state it was in, watching him sigh and moan in obvious pleasure. I knew that he was getting off the fact that it may be dirty and I wasn't going to disappoint him or tell him whether it was or not.

He didn't last more than a second or two and came so long and hard and with such groaning I was sure he would wake our workmate next door. I couldn't even hold it all in my mouth, and it dribbled out the side of my mouth as I gagged to keep it in.

He pulled away, exhausted. I flopped onto the bed, and he leaned over me, watching me swallow and lick the drips of cum from around my mouth. I took a while, exaggerating my licking and slurping and watching him enjoy the show. He smiled, but obviously was having trouble saying anything. I knew how he felt. He reached out his hand and lazily stroked one of my nipples, sighing as he did so.

"You're a great fuck," he said. "Do you think anyone has realised what we are up to?"

"I doubt it," I returned. "But I almost wish they did, they'd be so jealous." He smiled. "In case they do, perhaps we had better make sure we have a whole list of things that they can talk about." With that he leaned right over me and kissed me. I kissed him back, and then smiled at him. 

I saw his exhaustion, but noticed the gleam in his eye. I got up onto my knees and moved to straddle his head so he could see my pussy.

"Stay there babe, I have something to show you," I smirked and opened my legs so that he could see right up my pussy. I put my fingers to it and pushed one up experimentally. 

He smiled and stared. I pushed my finger in and rubbed my clit with the other hand. "Want to watch me wank?" 

He continued to stare. I rubbed my clit in slow circles, enjoying the sensation and pushing another finger into my pussy for good measure. I continued to rub and took my fingers out and licked them slowly, watching his face. He was grinning from ear to ear. I put them back in again, moving up and down on them over his face. I was getting wetter and some juices dripped from my pussy onto his face. He licked his lips and continued staring.

"I am just thinking about your cock," I said, truthfully. "But if you want to pass that empty bottle I could use that instead!" He didn't say a thing, but grabbed it and handed it to me. I slid it in, feeling the cold of the neck and shivered a little, with the cold and the pleasure all at once. "It feels good," I said "And I'm going to get as much in as I can." I shoved it in slowly, taking all of the neck and some of the wider part. He gasped, his eyes never leaving the scene.

"I'd give the Brooklyn tunnel a run for its money, huh?" I said, now frigging myself enthusiastically. His eyes gleamed and he reached up to take the bottle from me and replaced my thrusting with his. 

He was a little rough in sheer enthusiasm and I yelped. Unfortunately, this seemed to turn him on, so he pushed a bit more and a bit harder. I thought I would pass out, but the feeling subsided and I started to enjoy the good stretch he was giving my pussy walls. 

I was starting to get close as he pushed it hard and fast. I moaned and cried, moving with it and rubbing my clit as he fucked me with the bottle. It wasn't long before the feeling became too much and I swayed and pushed and came, screaming in a combination of ecstasy and pain. 

I finally collapsed on the bed, a bit awkwardly so that I almost fell off. He gently withdrew the bottle. "Another glass dear?" he said, and held the bottle neck for me to suck. With what breath I had I obliged, so that he could see me take it in the mouth as well.

That was enough for both of us. There was no energy left and we lay there.

"Look, " I said. "I think I should admit that I know you have someone; I overheard you speaking to the boss about her. It is really nice that you are so romantic and so kind, but I do know that this is a once off. I don't expect this again. I know the score."

He smiled at me. "I thought you knew," he said. "I wouldn't have done this if I thought you didn't know how things were. But I would so like this again. And I do really, truly like you very much. Can't we be friends, and a little more, too? This has been so very, very good."

"Ok, then" I said. "Mates it is." 

"Shagmates" he smiled.