 Things get wild and wet in the mountains.

Ever since she woke up this morning Kate had been in another world. She'd opened her eyes and stretched herself out long and slow and naked on the plush bed, remembering the force of her orgasm the night before when she'd pictured Chad on top of her and inside her while she urged him on. She felt calm and refreshed and when she got to the toilet she saw that her flow had been heavy last night but now it was much lighter. Maybe orgasms did that, she thought to herself. Hadn't she read that somewhere on the internet or maybe even in a scientific journal? That all the craziness and horniness she'd been feeling the last couple of days might serve an evolutionary purpose. That maybe those long, shuddering orgasms she'd been giving herself were designed to flush the uterine lining right out of her, so that her period would end more quickly and her body would be fertile and receptive again sooner, ready to mate with an attractive male and pass on her genes. 

Why did she find that so hot and alluring? This idea that her primate body and her primate brain were leading her down some preordained path, not the one she would have chosen herself, necessarily, but one that felt so deeply good and right that she couldn't stop herself.

Well, whatever the reason her cramps were gone now. She stepped into the shower and started to soap herself off, noting that her shapely chest was still a little swollen and her butt was too. She felt around a little with her hand and noticed that her labia and clit were still engorged and sensitive. It felt good when her soapy hand and the hot water hit them and she wondered whether she should sit down at the desk with her laptop and try to take the edge off a little before the busy morning.

But there was too much to do. She needed to grab a quick breakfast and then head straight for the lobby to make sure the gear got packed properly in the vans, so that there wouldn't be any screw ups getting it onto the little charter plane they'd be flying to Mahale and the mountains. She couldn't wait to get into them! She could practically smell the forest, still lush and green at the beginning of the long dry season. The first thing she was going to do after the charter plane landed, and after the little boat carried them over Lake Tanganyika to the lodge they'd be using as base camp, was to take her backpack and her camera and march straight up the green slopes behind the camp until she reached the forest line and the little stream where the chimps liked to drink sometimes in the afternoon heat. She'd been reading avidly about them, and especially about Group M with the missing alpha.

She walked over to the mirror and thought carefully about the day ahead, admiring her toned body as she eased herself into her black bathing suit, the halter-top cut low down the front and hugging her hips and ass snugly, the most conservative one she owned. She inspected the results. Her breasts were still heavier then normal and they were a little unsupported in the halter-top, and that might be annoying with all the bending and lifting and hiking she'd have to do between now and the forest. But she was thinking about how amazing it would feel when she got to a good swimming hole—the first one she saw—and stripped down and dove straight in. She smiled at the thought of it as she pulled on her black yoga pants over her suit. Cute, she thought, as she turned and stuck out her butt. They were cropped at mid-calf and showed off her thin legs and the stretchy fabric was still tighter than normal around her backside, which looked firm and fit. 

She put her hair in a ponytail and pulled on a loose white linen shirt, long-sleeved, and buttoned it to the top. Then she undid the top two buttons so you could see the straps of her halter-top where they rose up to meet each other behind her neck. Nice, she thought. Brian always loved it when she wore this shirt, especially with the yoga pants. He was always sneaking up behind her and groping her and grinding her and reminding her of the racy comments her students wrote on ratemyprofessors.com. 

She caught herself wondering if Chad would like it. She had a lot to do today but one thing she knew for sure would happen was that before she went to sleep tonight she would get herself off again picturing him inside her, fucking her again, more slowly and quietly this time because she'd be sharing a cottage with Karin and Jess, but hard too so she'd cum hard and get a good night's sleep. Then she'd wake up rejuvenated and full of energy and ready to do her work, like she was feeling right now. She'd felt so creative and focused in the last two days, and so deeply insightful about the chimps, and she wanted that feeling to last. 

And even though it wasn't a conscious decision exactly, and she felt a little queasy about it if she admitted it to herself too directly, she'd already made up her mind that for the rest of the trip she was going to have a kind of "mental fling" with Chad. For the rest of the trip, or until her husband Brian visited in a couple weeks, she was going to be fantasizing about Chad and fucking Chad as often as she could in her thoughts before she went to sleep. She knew it was crazy and it didn't make sense and she didn't care. This was her research trip, for her work and her career and she deserved it. And she'd never done anything like that in her whole life, had a quick hot fling with a guy whose body she liked and whose eyes and hair she liked, and his smell, and who made her cum hard, a younger guy, because she'd been with just Brian since she was a teenager. And anyway she needed to do whatever she had to for her work with all the pressure she was under, and this was the thing that would make her feel the most creative, and the most relaxed, and help her be the best scientist and teacher she could be. Then she'd go home and write a brilliant paper about her discoveries on the trip, and get it published and get tenure and make a baby with Brian and start the rest of her life with him. And maybe she even needed to do this in order to be the best wife to him that she could be, to be his true equal, intellectually and professionally.

So if she was going to be fantasizing about Chad again tonight, she reasoned, then it would help if there were a little sexual tension between them today, the way there had been yesterday in the lecture hall and on the dance floor. So she wanted to look good for him. She would be subtle about it, she told herself, but she wanted to get close to him too a couple of times, to smell him and maybe even feel his heat, so she'd have something to build on when she imagined him mounting her tonight, however he wanted to, and riding her to a big climax and a sound sleep and a productive next day. She shivered a little remembering her vision of him coming inside her last night while she begged him to fill her up and give her a baby, then blushed when she remembered how loud she'd gotten. Her "mating call." Designed by evolution to make her mate cum hardest and make him longer and harder so she'd cum hard too. 

She liked imagining Chad that way, with his cock naked and his balls ready to pump her full. Ever since she'd started letting Brian fuck her unprotected, cumming gallons inside her as her pussy contracted and pulsed around his shaft, ever since then she'd realized that this was the kind of sex that her body liked best, that it was programmed to enjoy the most, at least at this stage in her life: raw sex driven by the deep desire to pass on her genes as quickly as she could and as often as she could and with the best cock she could find. Too bad she'd have to be quieter in the little cottage in the mountains. 

She walked over to the night table and picked up her phone and sent a quick text to Brian in Europe. "Headed for the mountains. Will be in touch next week. Love you." There was no phone reception at the lodge and no internet either, so this was the last time she'd be in contact with him until she made a quick trip to the nearest town in a week like they'd planned. She wondered whether he'd be able to visit after all. Her crotch ached a little at the thought of having him there with her and having sex for real again with a real man in the cool mountain air as the insects chanted and the moon rose high over the wide, dark lake. She picked up her phone and texted him again, "Miss you. See you soon?" 

Part 2: 

Chad was practically laughing out loud at his good fortune in life. Here he was, a kid from Appalachia, on a boat carrying him across the blue expanse of Lake Tanganyika toward the little lodge with the Mahale mountains rising green and lush behind them. Somewhere beneath the dense forest canopy were the wild chimps, the ones he'd been so obsessed about since he took Professor Phare's class on "Primate Sexuality." That class had just raised all these maddening questions for him about what a human being is, and about why humans want what they want, despite what their reason tells them, and he was excited to maybe get some answers to those questions by finally seeing the chimps for himself. People were such puzzles.

Take him, for example. Or take Professor Morgan. What were they doing here exactly? He'd already fucked three of the nine females on the trip and tonight he was determined to fuck the fourth, Jess, and he had a pretty good shot at her. And before the trip ended maybe he'd have to fuck all of them, maybe his primate body and his primate brain would want that and demand that. Maybe he'd even fuck Professor Morgan, who'd been screaming out his name last night through the wall while he screwed Ellen and Courtney to ecstasy for reasons he didn't even begin to understand but that made him feel hard and flushed and dizzy. Yeah, maybe he'd fuck her too, even though he was sure it would make her feel awful about herself, and even though he really liked and respected her and didn't want her to feel that way, and even though it would make him feel awful too because he liked and admired her husband, Professor Phare, so much. How do you explain that?

And how do you explain what he was thinking about Jess as he watched her lean out over the bow of the boat in her tribal print bike shorts with her big juicy ass and her long strong legs. He absolutely had to fuck her. And it had to be tonight or tomorrow night because he was almost sure she was ovulating. All the signs were there. He knew he was going to have to use a condom if he wanted to get inside her tonight. He could see that now. He'd pushed too far last night. But maybe tomorrow he could fuck her the way he really wanted to, raw and hard and with her begging him to finish exactly where he pleased. 

The messed up part was that he didn't want to get her pregnant, he really didn't, but he was still determined to cum his absolute hardest inside her while she had the best chance of conceiving. How fucked up was that? And how hot! And where else to go but the rain forest and the wild chimps to get even the remotest fucking clue about why he wanted that and what it meant. 

Jess was standing next to Kate and Karin now in the bow of the boat and they were all facing away from him. Karin was wearing the same style of tribal print bike shorts as Jess, but hers were bluish while Jess's were pink. He pictured them trying them on together in the dressing room in some trendy shop in Chapel Hill before the trip and making a plan to wear them the first time on the same day while they laughed and rolled their eyes about how crazy it would make the boys. Girls were so predictable, he'd always known that, and now he was learning that women were no different. There had been lots of "accidental" touching and teasing and stuff while they'd been packing the gear this morning, and not just with Jess (the grad student). With Karin (the postdoc) too. He was beginning to think that he had a real chance with her. He smiled to himself as he took in her full, firm, thirty-year old ass and her dark hair, almost kinky now in the humidity. Yeah, he thought to himself, before the month was over he just might be shoving his long Appalachian cock up that sweet Jewish ass.

And maybe he even had a chance with Professor Morgan. He couldn't see Kate's ass much now with the white linen shirt hanging down over it. But the shirt was a little sheer and you could still make out the gorgeous shape of her in the dark yoga pants. Her full hips. And from the front, he remembered, you could see the black bathing suit she was wearing underneath, the low cut one that showed off her phenomenal breasts, really amazing, hanging a little freer on her chest in the halter top and looking firm and succulent. He was a little hard now thinking that maybe he'd get to see her in that suit sometime soon, maybe even today. 

He'd gotten some nice long looks at her fine ass too in the yoga pants when she'd bent over a couple times to pick up a bag right there in front of him, almost like she'd planned it. And a couple of times when he'd stood up and turned around suddenly he'd been surprised and excited to find Professor Morgan right there, right in his space, so that his hard pecs had almost brushed up against her soft chest, almost pressed right into it. It had taken everything he had to back away from her and keep his distance, acting embarrassed and awkward, and even a little grossed out, like touching her was something he'd prefer to avoid. But that was the plan, the script he had to follow. She was a real woman, no doubt, but she was still a female like every other girl he'd ever scored with, and he had a method for these things. If he wanted to be offered a chance to fuck her, which he did want very badly even though he wasn't sure what he'd do if she ever gave it up to him, if he wanted that he had to make her think that he didn't want her at all, that it had never crossed his mind. He had to make her feel a little bad about herself and maybe draw her out a little, make her make the first move. So he'd been flirting with Jess and Karin like crazy and looking for opportunities to make Kate feel like she was a little too old for him, and a little too much, and he didn't like being near her. 

Part 3

Kate was pissed at herself and at everyone else in the group and at the whole world too, including the fucking apes. She'd hiked up to the forest as soon as the boat landed but she hadn't found any chimps and she hadn't found a good swimming hole either. And the whole time the head naturalist in the park, Roger from South Africa, who'd met her at the plane and insisted on hiking with her even though he was the most boring fucking person she'd ever met in her whole life, the whole time he'd been telling these horrible stories about what was happening in M group since the alpha disappeared. Stories that would make Brian feel thrilled, she couldn't help thinking with more than a little resentment. 

He'd practically be cumming in his pants! The way that Roger described it sounded like some nightmare vision of what Brian called the "violence gene" on steroids. His whole theory was that the most violent males were also the most successful at passing on their genes. And so over tens of millions of years primate societies had evolved to be reward male aggression, and that's why humans are the way they are too, like it or not. Everything that Roger was telling her about all the tension and fighting and fucking and even killing between the male chimps and the female chimps in M group in the last week seemed to confirm that nightmare and she didn't want to hear any of it. She felt like crying. She felt like an idiot for thinking that she might be able to see something that no one else who studied chimps had ever seen before, and that proved everyone else wrong. 

And even more than that, strangely, considering that it didn't fucking matter one bit in the grand scheme of things, even more than that she was pissed at herself for acting like a pathetic schoolgirl around Chad. What the fuck was she doing? Maneuvering to get close to him and let him get nice looks at her butt and her tits while they were packing the gear this morning, in the outfit she'd picked out in part because it was a good outfit for hiking and swimming and working in, but also because she thought he'd like it too. She told herself that it was more "subtle" when she did it but she was really acting no differently than any of the undergrad girls, or Jess. Or even Karin who'd she'd seen showing off for Chad a little too, joking with him and finding ways to be a little closer to him than she needed to be just to get the job done. 

The flirting with Jess was one thing, but for Karin to do it too with Chad had really kind of hurt Kate! She couldn't blame Chad of course. Karin was beautiful, almost a younger version of Kate but with that exotic Jewish princess thing going for her with her kinky hair and her interesting nose and her olive skin. She'd probably look like a goddess in a few days with all the sun they'd been getting.

And there was that moment when Chad turned toward her without knowing it and she was right behind him, enjoying his shoulders and backside on the sly, and smelling him a little, and they'd found themselves chest to chest for a second. He'd kind of recoiled away from her in embarrassment and maybe like he was a little disgusted too. And why wouldn't he be? She was his fucking professor and she was thirty-four years old and married to his other fucking professor, and she was having her period and she was overweight and she felt like a big fat cow. And now she was pissed at herself for having felt any of those things and she felt like an idiot.

They'd finished their work for the day and they were all waiting for dinner. She was sitting on a towel by the lake looking out at it while the undergrads and Jess played some game with a soccer ball in the water that was really just an excuse to splash each other and flirt with each other and grope each other's half naked bodies. And Karin was lying next to her in her blue polka dot bikini and she looked so hot and young in her thirty-year old tennis player body that Kate felt like murdering her. And Jess was wearing a hot red bikini top that barely covered her perfect tits and a thong bottom that showed off her absolutely perfect ass. And Kate wanted to murder her too. But Chad clearly wanted to mount her as soon as possible. He was like a fly on shit around her and so were the other two guys too, like adolescent chimps hanging around the swollen pink rump of a mature female in heat. 

There was one point in the game where Chad turned around suddenly and found himself chest to chest with Jess, though he was so much taller than her that her tits were more at his stomach level. He'd kind of pretended to lose his balance in really the most adorable way and ended up hugging Jess to keep from falling over and then pulling her down in the water on top of him while she laughed and pushed her tits together for him, practically right in his face.

The game ended and Jess came jogging up toward Kate and Karin where she'd left her towel. Kate eyed her up and down as she dried herself off, with as much displeasure and contempt as she could show, and Jess noticed eventually and looked uncomfortable and a little surprised and hurt. Kate tore into her.

"Look. If you're going to fuck him, then fuck him. I know I said you couldn't but honestly it would be better if you fucked him in private in your bedroom every night for the rest of the trip than to flirt with him like a fucking teenager in front of the other kids. It's going to fuck up the chain of command and then we're not going to be able to do our work. And I'm here to work and I thought you were too."

Jess and Karin were eyeing each other warily, rooted to the spot.

