 She wasn’t sure what time it was but she knew it had to be early. There wasn’t much traffic noise and the sun was just beginning to shine in the windows.  She smiled to herself when she felt his arm wrapped around her and his body spooning hers.  She rolled onto her back and he shifted slightly.  She looked at the clock to see it was just after 7am, kissing his cheek softly she slide herself out from under his arm.  Slipping into the bathroom she started the shower.  She didn’t have to be to work till 11am so she had plenty of time to shower and then head home to get changed.  Stepping into the shower and closing the glass door behind her she stood with the warm water flowing over her thinking about last night.  She was so lost in thought she didn’t see him come into the bathroom until he was closing the shower door behind him.

“Well good morning beautiful” he smiled at her as he leaned down to kiss her.

“Good morning to you too … I didn’t want to wake you, you looked so peaceful sleeping there.” She replied returning his kiss. “Did you sleep well Hun?’

Wrapping his arms around her and pulling her close to him “I haven’t slept that good in a very long time.” She was caressing up and down his arms as she leaned her head back to let the water run thru her hair, pressing her body up against his she could feel his cock hard against her thigh.  Straightening back up, she slides her hand down his chest and caresses his cock,  “Hmmm what have we here?” she says playfully.  

Laughing, “I’m not sure, I kind of woke up with it.” He kisses her again, this time more passionately as his hands begin to wander up and down her back finding the curve of her ass he pulls her tighter to him.  She pushed him back softly so he is leaning against the back wall and with a wicked little grin. The water now splashing off his chest, she begins kissing her way down his stomach all the while stroking his penis. As her other hand gently cups and massages his balls.  Hearing him moan she looks up at him, and continues, taking him into her mouth she feels him grow at the touch of her tongue.  “Oh god” groaning he lays his head back to enjoy being consumed by this woman.  Returning her mouth to his penis, loving the feeling of him growing in her mouth as she caresses and sucks him.  She gently massages his balls and moves her mouth to the head, switching her mouth and her hands she begins to lick and suck his balls while her hand works his shaft with slow movements.  She returns her tongue to his cock, which is now fully erect licking her way up and down the sides she slowly takes him deep into her mouth.  Feeling his fingers in her hair, she uses her teeth gently as she comes up the shaft.  She hears him groan “oh god” as his fingers tighten in her hair.  He pulls her to her feet and she sees the passion in his eyes, she kisses him passionately as she wraps her leg around his waist.  He positions himself so his cock is against her pussy. He pushes her gently against the tile.  Guiding his cock into her hole.  She moans loudly as she feels him entering her inch by inch.  Wrapping her arms around his neck he drives into her.  Feeling her body shake as he continues to drive in and out of her … moaning she kisses him passionately running her tongue around his lips.  He in turn takes her breasts in his hands and massages, running his thumbs over her nipples.  He bends his head to take one into his mouth.  Using his teeth he gently nips as he hears her moan from the mixture of slight pain and pleasure.  All the while he moves easily in and out of her.

Pushing him away she turns around and braces herself with her hands against the shower wall bending over.  He groans “Oh god honey … what are you trying to do to me?” as he positions himself to take her from behind.

Taking his cock he begins to run it up and down her slit, the warm water bouncing off both their bodies he soon finds her hole.  He hears “Oh my god Jim” as he eases the head into her.  He grabs her gently by the hips as he feels her begin to push back onto him.  Soon his cock is buried deep in her pussy and he can feel her muscles contracting around him. She lifts her right leg and places it on the edge of the tub as she straighten slightly, giving him more access to her, he begins pumping in and out of her, he feels bigger to her this way than he did last night, filling her pussy deeper and deeper with each stroke.   Stroke after stroke he moves in and out of her with ease.  She tightens her muscles around him holding him tightly.  She reaches down with one hand and begins fingering her clit.  He picks up his pace and begins pounding into her hearing the slapping of skin.  Fingering her clit she begins moaning as her body begins to shake with her orgasm.  That is all he needs as he strokes a few more times he feels his own release. Pounding into hard as he shoots stream after stream into her. 

She leans against the shower wall as his cock slides out of her, both breathing hard she turns and smiles at him. “Hell of a way to say good morning!” She leans forward and kisses him. 

“WOW …” was all he could say. Reaching for her, he pulls her to him. Just holding her close as the water runs over them.  He pulls back and leans against the back wall of the shower as she leans back and puts her hair under the shower.  Reaching for his shampoo she begins to slowly wash her hair as he watches.  Smiling at her as she continues washing and rinsing her hair.  “Would you pass me the soap Hun?” She says smiling at him.  He takes the soap and begins slowly lathering up her body.  Gently reaching between her legs she stops him.  “You had better let me do that … it’s a little too sensitive right now!” He hands her the soap and kisses the tip of her nose.  

“Well if you insist …” They switch spots in the shower and he quickly washes his hair and takes the soap from her.  Then leans back against the shower and pulls her to him under the warm water.  They stand there just holding each other for a moment and she then rinses her hair.  Shutting off the water, he opens the door and grabs a towel and hands it to her.  She wraps her hair and steps out of the shower, wrapping a towel around his waist he then wraps a towel around her.  “You look gorgeous sweetheart.” 

Laughing at him, “I think your brain must of gotten water-logged”

She left him in the bathroom and went to find her clothes on the bedroom floor.  She was just finishing dressing when he came out of the bathroom still dressed in just his towel.  “What time do you have to be in Cathy?”

“My first appointment is at 11:00 am, how about you?  What is on your agenda for today?” 

“Well I have a meeting at 11:00 am and a conference call regarding my next trip at 4:00pm. Do you have plans this evening?” 

“Well thankfully I have a short day today. I’ll be done around 6:00 … did you want to have dinner when you’re done?” She said smiling up at him as she watched him dress. 

“I would love that, why don’t I call you a little later and we can set it up.”

He walked over to her and pulled her to him, kissing her softly.  “Last night and this morning were wonderful.”

“Hmmm … yes they were.  Now I have got to get my butt home and change …” She walked out into the sitting room and found her purse, coat and shoes, and he walked her to the door.  Turning she hugs him tight and kisses him passionately. “You have a wonderful day Hun, and I will see you tonight.”

With that she is out the door. Smiling to himself as the door closes behind her.