 She had been hairdressing for a number of years and had never crossed the client/stylist line, but she had been having fantasies about him for quite some time. He wasn't drop dead gorgeous but there was something about him. He was an attractive man, with a smile that would light up his face. They had a comfortable relationship, teased and joked all the time. He travelled a lot for business and always had interesting stories to tell. She flirted openly with him and he never seemed to mind. She had always wanted to invite him to dinner or drinks but never got up the nerve. Tonight he was her last client and he had just called to apologize but he would be about 20 minutes late. When Michelle the receptionist came to tell her, she said it was fine. Michelle had offered to stay late but she said it was ok and that she would close up. 

With his running late she decided to get started with the clean up, she was in the back folding towels when she felt she was being watched... she looked up and there he stood leaning against the door jam, dressed in his usual Dockers and golf shirt and looking as good as ever. 

"Well hello Jim, I didn't hear you come in." she smiled at him, openly pleased to see him. 

"Hi Cathy, sorry for running late... meeting I just couldn't seem to end. Here", handing her a bottle of wine from behind his back "thought I owed you at least that for being late"

"Thank you... that wasn't necessary... " she smiled at his thoughtfulness. "Let me just finish with these towels and we can get started." She folded the last of the towels and turned to see him sitting in a chair leafing through a magazine. "Catching up and the latest gossip are you?" she teased.

He looked up and smiled at her... "Well had to keep my mind occupied"

She laughed "Follow me to the sink sir and we can get started"

She took him to the sink and draped him.

They chatted comfortably as she began to shampoo his hair, she always enjoyed this part of her job because it is when the client truly relaxed. She stopped talking as she began to massage his scalp. She looked down to see his eyes closed and a smile playing on his lips, she thought again how attractive he was.

He had been coming to her for months now, and couldn't get up the nerve to ask her out. But he had promised himself tonight was the night, he had to know once and for all if their flirting was just that, or if perhaps she was attracted to him as he was to her. He had always had fantasies about her since he first began coming here. When she shampooed his hair he often wondered if she lingered that long with all her clients or not, for her touch definitely stimulated more than just his scalp. She spent a great deal of time massaging his scalp and when she leaned over to get the shampoo he felt her breasts brush against his arm. She was an extremely attractive woman, and he loved the way she looked in her clothes, always dressed comfortably but tonight she looked particularly good in her low cut blue sweater that fit her just right and those black jeans and boots, her hair straight and framing her face just right. Her blue eyes dancing as she talked and when she smiled it lit up her whole face. He peeked up at her through half open eyes and watched a smile play on her lips. 

Her mind wandered a little and thought about what it would be like to kiss those lips... snap back to reality Cathy, she shook her head and she saw him looking up at her.

"What were you thinking Cathy? You looked to be about a million miles away."

She felt her face begin to go red, as he looked at her. 

"Must have been a hell of a thought" he joked.

"If you only knew!" she composed herself and finished his massage and then rinsed him one last time. "Ok Jim you can head to my chair if you like, would you care for a cup of coffee? Or perhaps a glass of that wine you brought?"

"I'll have a glass only if you promise to join me" he replied smiling at her.

"Now... I can't have you drinking alone now can I?"

He headed off to her seat and she opened the wine and grabbed a couple of wine glasses they had for those staff meetings after work. She walked over to her station and handed him his glass.

"Cheers... here's to great haircuts and much more" he proposed.

"Cheers..." she smiled "hmmm... this is good, I should probably get started cutting your hair before I finish that glass, other wise you will be here all night and I don't want to hold you up tonight."

"No worries here Cath, I am done for the day... so take your time, always enjoy when you run your fingers through my hair."

She laughed "Well ok then..." She went about the job of cutting his hair as they chatted and talked comfortably. Stopping every now and then for another sip of wine. She felt his eyes on her the entire time. She had dressed specifically for him today, wanting to show off her assets without being too sleazy. He talked about his day and the trip he had just returned from. "You know Cath... I truly look forward to this part of my month, always enjoy your haircuts." He smiled at her. 

She was running gel through his hair, she turned him around in the chair and leaned over slightly to check to see if the sides were even, she felt his eyes lower and could see a smile playing on his lips.

"Like the view?" she teased.

It was his turn to blush, but before he could say anything she turned him back around and looked at him in the mirror. "so does it look alright to you?" she asked, as she rested her hands on his shoulders. 

Ok he thought to himself its now or never. He grabbed her hand and brought it too his lips, kissing it softly and looking at her in the mirror "Perfect as always Cath."

She felt a shiver go through as she felt the softness of his lips on her palm.

"Cathy?"

"Yes Jim?"

"Would you like to have dinner with me tonight?" There he said it... now all he had to do was wait for her answer.

"I'd love to Jim, thank you." Smiling at him, she thought to herself, he finally did it.

She picked up the blow dryer and finished off his hair. "Ok Jim, all done here. Did you want me to meet you somewhere? It's going to take a bit for me to tidy up and close the shop."

"If its ok with you, I'll just wait. I'm pretty good at sweeping floors you know."

As she removed the cape, she again smiled at him... "If you really want to... I'll lead you to the broom."

He stood up and walked around the chair "ok... lead me to the broom." He followed her around to the back room, loving the view from where he was. She handed him the broom and he placed his hand over hers, his eyes locked on hers, he leaned down and kissed her softly on the lips, a very soft tentative kiss at first. He opened his eyes to see her smiling up at him. "I've been waiting a very long time to do that... I hope I didn't over step my bounds."

She didn't say a word but instead kissed him again, her arm going around his neck as she moved in closer to him. He let go of the broom and wrapped his arms around her and pulled her to him. Their tongues beginning a slow sensual dance as her fingers played with the back of his neck and found their way into his freshly cut hair. His hands began roaming her back and down to her butt. Pulling her tighter to him he felt her relax into him. She pulled back slightly and looked up at him, "Does that answer your question Jim? I've been wondering if you by chance felt the same way as I did. I've been trying to get your attention for months now. If you hadn't of invited me to dinner tonight I was going to ask you!"

"Oh my god... you mean that we could have been doing this months ago????" He smiled down at her. "Come on... let's finish up so I can buy you that dinner"

He kissed her one more time and grabbed the broom. Needing to calm down a little, her mere touch was enough to get him excited. He was finished sweeping and was sitting in her chair as she closed up the till and such. She walked up to him and he grabbed her hand and pulled her to him kissing her passionately. She straddled him and sat down in his lap. Kissing him back and feeling his hands running up and down her back as she massaged the back of his neck she felt him stirring underneath her and his hands running up her sides brushing lightly the sides of her breasts. Causing her to moan softly. His hands went under her sweater and she could feel the heat between his legs as she began to trail her kisses down his neck and back along his jaw. His hands moving around to cup her tits, His thumbs flicking over her already hard nipples. Moaning she kissed him and sucked his tongue as it snaked into her mouth. Pulling back slightly she looked at him... "keep this up and we are likely not to have dinner!" 

Laughing he kissed your one last time and helped her off his lap. He knew she could feel him hard under her and liked the way she responded. "So where shall we have dinner? Any good suggestions..." 

"Well there are a few good places around, what do you feel like eating?"

Looking at her he replied, "What I want for dinner... definitely isn't on any menu"

He helped her with her coat and grabbed her hand as they walked out the door. Stopping to lock it behind her and check it one last time. The night air cool on her face is just what she needed to get herself together. His touch and kisses had stirred something in her she hadn't felt in a very long time. He took her hand again as they walked to the parking lot, it felt very comfortable. His hands were large compared her slender ones and she kept thinking of how they would feel on her body. 

"Where are you staying this time Jim?"

"Best Western downtown... why?" He stopped beside his car and pulled her into his arms. "What part of town do you live in? Should we drop off your car?"

"How about I go home and change and meet you at the hotel in about an hour? Will give you a chance to get the hair out of the back of your neck as well." She laughed softly.

"Sounds like a plan, I'm in room 605, just call me from the lobby and I'll make reservations in the dining room for about 8:00... sound alright to you?"

"Perfect..."

He walked her to her car and gently pulled her to him, kissing her softly... "Now go home, change, and meet me at the hotel in an hour. Drive safe."

Once at home Cathy took a quick shower, redid her hair and make up and carefully chose what she was going wear. Looking at herself in the mirror she was happy with what she saw. Checking her watch she was right on schedule. She didn't want to arrive to early but also didn't want to be late. Pulling into the hotel parking lot she checked her watch again 7:45, not bad at all. Instead of calling from the lobby she took the elevator up to the 6th floor, and knocked on his door.

"Who is it?" 

"Room service Mr. Black..." she stifled a giggle. 

Opening the door "But I didn't....Ah very funny Cathy." He had a robe wrapped around as he smiled at her. "You're early, and I'm running late as usual. Come on in." He kissed her softly. "Can I get you a glass of wine while I finish getting ready?"

"That would be nice, thank you. Wow... quite the set up you have here." She took a look around. It wasn't just a room, it was a small suite complete with sitting room and separate bedroom.

He smiled at her as he said, "Feel free to look around, the view from the balcony is quite breath taking." He excused himself and entered the bedroom as she made her way to the balcony. Stepping out she immediately agreed with him, the view was breathtaking, looking over the ocean and the snow capped mountains. There was a definite chill in the air and she pulled her coat tighter to her. She didn't hear him come out on the balcony but felt his arms wrap around her from behind. His lips next to her temple where he placed a soft kiss. " Are you cold Cath?"

"Not anymore, feeling nice and cozy now." She turned slightly and kissed him softly. They stood there for a few minutes just talking softly and enjoying the fresh night air, his arms holding her tight and the feel of his warm breath on her. He turned her so that she was facing him and began to kiss her more intently. His hands caressing her back as he felt her body moulding to his, kissing along her jaw and down her neck and back up to her ear his voice sounding deeper as he whisper "we had better get downstairs to dinner." He kissed her one last time and took her by the hand and they were out the door on their way downstairs. They were led to a quiet table in the corner, other than a few other patrons the restaurant was empty. She removed her coat and sat down as Jim held her chair. "Wow... you look amazing." She had changed into a low cut royal blue blouse, and black slacks.

"Thank you..." she could feel her cheeks getting warmer.

Laughing softly... "I can not believe it Jim, you are one of few people who can still make me blush after all theses years!"

"Now that is not such a bad thing, I happen to like when you blush."

They sat quietly for a few minutes looking at the menus when the waiter arrived to take their drink order, "Would like some more wine Cath? Or would care for something else?"

"I think I'll stick to wine for now, what we had earlier if that's ok?"

Jim ordered a bottle of wine and they discussed what looked good on the menu. When the waiter returned, Jim ordered for both of them and they settled in for what promised to be a wonderful evening. They talked non-stop until the waiter brought their dinners and it was then Cathy realized she hadn't eaten since breakfast. "Good thing I'm not driving anywhere for a bit" she said laughing

"Oh why is that?"

"I just realized I haven't eaten since breakfast and I'm not sure my legs will hold me after all this wine!"

"Hmmm now there is a plan" Jim smiled "get ya drunk and have my way with you" He was laughing "I'm just teasing you"

"Well Jim, you don't have to get me drunk for that" she smiled coyly. He took her hand in his and brought it to his lips, kissing it softly. "Thank you Cathy."

"For what Hun?"

"I have not had such an enjoyable night in a very long time."

"Neither have I."

They both ate in silence for a few minutes and then began chatting away again. Cathy telling him stories about work and he about his trips. The waiter came and went quietly only interrupting to ask if they wanted coffee. 

"Oh my... I think we might be holding these guys up Jim." She said laughingly. 

He looked around the restaurant and noticed they were the only ones there other than the bartender and their waiter. He looked at his watch and realized it was after 11:00. "I guess we should let the poor guys head home huh?"

He motioned to the waiter for the check and Cathy excused herself and headed to the ladies room. She checked herself in the mirror and reapplied her lipstick before heading back to the table. Jim stood and helped her with her jacket. "Would you like to head to the bar for a drink or do you need to get home?" 

"How about we head up to your room and enjoy that bottle of wine you opened earlier?" she knew she was being forward but whether it was the wine or her desire to have him she wasn't going to let this opportunity go. 

"Sounds like a great idea to me." He had hoped she didn't need to leave. He lead her through the lobby and up in the elevator. Once the doors closed behind them he took her in his arms and kissed her passionately. She met his kisses with the same amount of passion and her body melted into his. "I have been waiting all night to do that... my god you look so sexy in that." 

With that the doors opened on the sixth floor. He opened the door and followed her in. 

"Let me take your coat." She entered the sitting area and opened the stereo cabinet finding a soft station on the radio. "Now how about that glass of wine?"

She sat down on the couch and watched him as he poured them each a glass, handing it to her he came and sat beside her. "To a wonderful way to end a day..."

"To a wonderful way to start a night" she smiles at him with a wicked little grin. 

"Oh I like that even better." He laughed. Taking her glass and putting it on the table he took her in his arms and kissed her. Her arms went around his neck pulling him back with her as she leaned back on the couch. 

"I have wanted you since the first time you cut my hair almost a year ago." 

She kissed him passionately "I have wanted this for a long time too." 

They both sat back up and she stood taking his hand and leading him through the doors and to his bedroom. Neither saying a word the look of passion in her eyes telling him all he needed to know. They both kicked off their shoes and she stood looking up at his handsome face, reaching out to stroke his cheek, feeling the softness of goatee as she ran her hand down his face. He took her and kissed her palm, sending shivers down her spine. She led him to the bed and laid down pulling him with her. His body half on hers he began kissing her, their tongues locked in a slow sensual dance as their hands began exploring. He began caressing her breast through the silky materiel of her blouse and she began to un-tuck his shirt, he in turn began to unbutton her blouse and moaned softly as he exposed the blue satin bra underneath.

"You are so beautiful" He lay beside her and continued kissing her passionately as she began running her hands up and down his arms and around his neck. Their kisses taking on more urgency as his hands found their way back to her tits. Caressing them and feeling her nipples hardening as he ran his thumbs over them, he pulled one out of her bra and lowered his mouth to it. He began flicking is tongue over its diamond hard point and took it between his lips and sucked on it hard. Her fingers finding their way into his hair he could feel her grip tighten as he began to tease her nipple with his teeth and tongue, slow soft moans escaping her lips, he could feel her body tremble slightly as he made his way over to her other nipple. First teasing it through the satin then pulling it free as well. She arched her back slightly and he reached under to undo her bra, pulling it free and tossing it aside, he continued licking and sucking her magnificent tits. Her nipples aching and hard, she pulled him up so their lips met, kissing him hard and sucking on his tongue her hands running down his chest to the buckle on his pants she struggled with it but managed to get it undone. They stopped kissing as she began to unzip his pants he rolled off of her and removed them for her as she began to remover her own. She gasped slightly when she saw his cock hard in Calvin's, he was larger than she thought, as a smile played across her lips. She reached out and began to caress him, running her fingers up and down his shaft through the fabric. She pushed him back a little so he was lying on his back and she leaned over and began kissing him, soft, sweet kisses along his jaw to his ear, then down his neck and a long his collarbone. His hands finding her tits he continued massaging them and teasing her nipples. She kissed her way down his chest and softly bit and teased his nipples before nipping and licking her way down to his throbbing cock. The tip poking out the top of his briefs she flicked her tongue over it and she heard him gasp and then moan. She slid his shorts down and he kicked them off as her hands took hold of his hard eight inches. She lowered her head and began teasing him with her mouth, flicking her tongue over his slit then licking down his shaft and back up again. Wanting her to take him in her mouth as she reached the top, but she wouldn't, she continued to tease him, driving him crazy as he could feel himself getting harder still. She finally took him into her mouth, sucking softly on his head before sliding down and taking as much as she could. She stopped, allowing herself to get used to his thickness and his size, as she came back up she used her teeth scraping softly the underside of his shaft, and she felt his hands in her hair and heard him gasp as she did this. She continued sucking and licking on his cock until he pulled her off him, he pulled her up to him feeling her tits against his chest he kissed her long and hard and rolled her onto her back. His hand reaching down between her legs, he began to caress her mound, her silk panties already drenched, he pulled them to the side and it was her turn to moan as he slipped his finger between her lips. She was already dripping and more than ready as he slipped first one, then the second finger into her tight hole. He felt her pussy tighten around his fingers as he heard her whisper "I want you."
