 Shanti opened the shower curtain and gestured for Lokesh to step in and for him this time, her argument made sense. 

She knew how to turn things to her advantage as Lokesh stepped into the shower and she followed. Shanti secretly smiled, knowing that once he was in the shower, he had once again become trapped in her web of seduction, the shower curtain fell shut, sealing in Lokesh's fate for the next few minutes. There was no escape for Lokesh's erotic needs and wants. Lokesh wondered how he had gone so far astray. He considered himself faithful to his wife and a strong willed man though he had strong desires for a lurid secret extramarital liaison but not so soon, he was still and yet contemplating and it had happened so quick, this temptress had somehow seduced him and pulled him across the line of morality and decency. 

Lokesh's thoughts vanished when he looked at Shanti. He couldn't help but admire her body under the running water. Her breasts were firm, her waist was slim and her legs were long and slender. Soon his cock was growing hard again. It was then that he realized how weak and pathetic he was. Shanti had tantalized him over and over again. Like a fish he instinctively went for the bait every time.

Shanti's soapy hands grasped his growing cock and massaged it to its full hardness. 

Lokesh's insides turned to putty in her hands. He leaned against her warm body and cupped her ass. It was not long before they were both panting and kissing Shanti guided Lokesh's cock into her hole. He shuddered at the warm tightness around his cock and then she surprised him by grabbing onto his shoulders, jumping up and wrapping her legs around his waist as they laughed as they nearly fell over. Lokesh was able to grab her ass with his hands and stabilize himself and then he was now supporting the full weight of Shanti's body and his cock was pushed deep into her pussy. 

Shanti hugged him tightly and kissed him deeply. 

It was an awkward position but very erotic. as Lokesh began to bounce Shanti up and down on his cock, the pleasure was intense for Shanti and she climaxed quickly as Lokesh continued to bounce her, trying to squeeze out his own pleasure, his legs were starting to get tired and he didn't know how long he could hold her and he was about to give up when suddenly an orgasm came out of nowhere. 

He could feel Shanti's body spasm into another orgasm as he bucked and held her tightly as he filled her with his warm cum as soon as he finished he released her and regained the strength in his legs, 

Shanti and Lokesh finished the shower together and let the water and soap wash away the evidence while they shared one final intimate kiss and then started to dress. 

Shanti rather quickly pointed out the shoes that Lokesh had been looking for when he originally entered the room. He picked them up and left the room just as Shanti began to dry her hair. 

Lokesh walked into the reception, which was a frenzy of drunk dancing and shouting. He pulled Meghna from the dance floor and handed her the shoes. Her feet were extremely grateful to slide into the comfort of her everyday shoes. Next he walked around and scanned the crowd looking for his wife. He found it ironic when his eyes discovered Shanti's husband, Sridhar talking to his wife. 

The DJ switched from fast to slow music as Lokesh made his way over to his wife and Sridhar. 

When he approached them, Sridhar looked up with a strange smirk. Lokesh couldn't explain it, but it was as if Shanti's husband knew what had just happened between Shanti and him. 

Shanti was the first to speak. "Hey Lokesh. I was just going to ask your wife to dance with me. You don't mind do you," he said as he pulled her towards the floor. 

Feeling a little guilty about what had just happened in the hotel room, Lokesh had no objections. "Not at all. Have a blast." 

Sridhar pointed behind Lokesh and said, "Here's comes Shanti." He raised his voice and shouted, "Shanti, honey. Come dance with Lokesh."

Shanti was all smiles as she grabbed Lokesh's hand and pulled him toward the dance floor. Her make-up was touched up perfectly and she smelled of fresh perfume. Lokesh nervously looked over at his wife dancing and noticed something a bit odd. Just like Shanti, compared to everyone else in the room, her hair and make-up seemed a little too perfect. It did not look like she had danced and drank all night. As Shanti pulled Lokesh closer he could not help but wonder if he had not been the only one seduced that night.

The next thing was already framing inher mind and in the evening while at the fucntion, Shanti wasted no time with Lokesh. 

She wore a dress today, a patterned, close-fitting garment that clung to her contours. It was buttoned down the front and had a low, scooped neck. She stepped into the house, kicked off her heeled shoes dumped her bag and, before he realized what was happening, was standing before him, slipping her arms around his neck, lifting her face to his. L

Lokesh's cock throbbed erect and he gripped her hips and pulled her body to his, his pulse racing, his flesh hot and feverish with lust.

"You want me, don't you?" she murmured, and her breath was warm on his face.

He nodded, sinking into the deep brown pools of her *kajal*-rimmed eyes that glittered with a strange flame.

"Then take me, Lokesh," she whispered. "Fuck me. Show me what you've learned, what you know."

She pulled his head down to hers and her lips flowered under his lips and her tongue snaked out to his mouth. He stilled himself and when he let his lips part, her tongue darted into his mouth quick as an eel, flicking sexily against his. She held the kiss, sucking his lower lip, drawing his tongue into her mouth and her hands slid slowly down his body, undoing his shirt, pulling it out of his jeans, pulling it wide and her fingers touched his naked flesh and caressed the hard, clean contours of his torso. 

"Take off my dress," she murmured, her tongue swirling through his ear. "I'm naked under it."

Fumbling, Lokesh popped the large buttons down the front of her dress and pulled it wide off her shoulders. It rustled to her feet and she stepped into his arms naked and slender and sensuous, her golden skin glowing, her face soft and radiant with pleasure. Taking his hands, she put them on her breasts.

"Squeeze them," she murmured. "Yes ... that's it ... see how my tits get hard and bigger ... yes ... now pinch my nipples ... oh that's good ..."

She looked lovely, her hair curled in a short, flouncing club behind her head, the gold chain twinkling around her neck. She took his hand and put it in her crotch and he groaned at the touch of her soft, downy pubic fuzz against his fingers and he felt the first sticky wetness seeping from the tender lips of her slit.

"I'm hot," she moaned. "I'm hot and wet for you, Lokesh ... I want your cock in my slit ... and your tongue ... you will fuck me, won't you?"

He nodded dumbly. Her fingers slid down his body and she undid his jeans, pulled down the fly and he gasped as her fingers curled around his cock. She jerked his penis tenderly.

"You're beautiful," she murmured. "You've got a beautiful body and a beautiful cock. I want it." He groaned, and his penis throbbed and quivered as she pumped it gently, raking her fingernails up and down the long shaft.

She kissed him again and when she broke the kiss, drowning in her warm brown eyes, he gasped, "You. Was it really you?"

"Of course," she murmured, kissing him again, sliding her tongue along his lips, rubbing her breasts against his chest. "Of course it was."

Quick as a snake, then, she went down on her knees before him. Lokesh looked down, incredulous, thinking it's happening it's happening! Shanti's lips parted and her tongue swirled out and over his thick cock-head.

"OHHHHH uhh yes!" he gasped sharply, his belly snapping inward in shock.

Instantly, her lips slipped around his cock-head and she took his cock deep in her mouth and began sucking it with a steadily intensifying pressure, using her tongue cunningly on his bulging, swollen cock-head. Lokesh gasped and moaned and instinct took over and he began fucking her mouth, jerking his hips back and forth, pushing his cock in and out of her mouth. She moaned deep in her cock-filled throat and sucked his penis hungrily, her fingers and thumbs encircling his shaft.

"Ohhhh uhhh yes! Oh god yes!" he gasped.

Lokesh moaned, his head bent, watching incredulously, scarcely believing that it was happening. His body burned with lust and exhilaration and his balls and cock throbbed with an excitement he'd never known. His pulse raced and there was a pounding in his head. He moaned and panted, his chest heaving and thought, she's sucking it, sucking it just like she was on screen and now there's no difference, none at all, he's doing it, he's with her, he can touch and feel and oh god yes, he can, he can enter her and take her and have her and, oh lord yes, oh yes, and fuck her. His cock spurted pre-cum gunk and she groaned, opening her mouth wide and jerking his cock over her lips so he could see his jizz spurting into her mouth. She took his cock in her mouth again. He was about to come when she stopped and leaned back. She got to her feet and kissed him again while her cunt writhed against his crotch. Her cunt was wetter now.

"Fuck me," she said softly. "Shove your cock into my slit, Lokesh. Come on."

They went to the bedroom at the function hall at Wedding premise booked for guests and not meant for such misuse and stumbled into bed. She went down on her back, kissing him hungrily and drew his body over hers spreading her legs wide, bending her knees. The callow young married fumbled in her crotch.

"Gently," she murmured and, taking his cock in her hand, guided it to her cunt. "There," she said. "Can you feel my cunt's heat now on your prick? Can you feel how wet it is? Come on, Lokesh ...shove your cock into my slit!"

The young married gasped and lurched into her. Shanti moaned, arching her body under his. Her cunt rose to meet his and he gasped at its heat and tightness, at its fierce convulsions on his cock. His loins bubbled, the heat was unbearable.

"Don't!" she hissed sharply. "Don't come! Not yet! Not so soon! You must fuck me slowly ... for a long time ... think, Lokesh!Think! Remember the porn you watch the videos! Fuck me like that porn hero does, one of them! Remember how he did it?"

How could he forget? Each image was seared into memory. He gasped, panting like an animal and forced his body to stillness.

"That's it," she murmured, smiling wantonly, her eyes dancing. "That's it. You can control your body, Lokesh, but only with your mind. Never forget that. Control is everything and to have control you must concentrate, you must focus. If your mind loses control, your body will lose control. Understand?"

He gasped, biting his lower lip, and nodded. She smiled and drew his head down to hers, kissed him. Her breasts were hot and heavy under his chest and her rigid nipples scraped his hard chest. The gold necklace glittered on her golden skin. He stared at her drowning in the warmth offer eyes. She arched lazily and her hips began to writhe under his, churning her cunt with his cock. It felt wonderful. She whimpered softly, caressing his body, stroking his powerful back and shoulders, clenching his buttocks, pulling him deep inside her.

"Mm ... that's so good, Lokesh ... your cock is pressing on my clitoris ... that feels lovely ... c'mon ... suck my tits!" She arched and squeezed her breasts in her hands, lifting them to his face.

"Yes ... suck harder ... oh ma yes ... that's it! Bite my nipples uhhh ahhh yes oh god you're good, Lokesh, you're so good!"

She guided the young married, murmuring her instructions and gasping in pleasure as he obeyed. He was very good. His cock was big and hard and thick and, in this, unlike his studies, his will was strong and his mind was firm. He was uneducated, but that problem she could meet.

Now, bent over her, his rhythm steadied gradually, evened out. 

It was like learning to ride a bicycle, Shanti thought, once you got the hang of it you could spin away on your own.

Lokesh's mind soared. He arched his head and moved rhythmically over her, flexing and un-flexing his buttocks alternately, swinging his hips up and down, up and down in a ceaseless, effortless stroke. He felt powerful and strong. He was fit and healthy and his body obeyed his mind. He focused on what he was doing, as she told him to do concentrate on fucking her rather than the clamor in his gonads, which he forced into the background. It worked. She wasn't faking anything, and he knew that with certainty. She really liked what he was doing to her.

"Yes ... oh god yes! Ohhh uhhh yes, Lokesh, yes! C'mon ... faster... uhhh yes ... harder ... oh ma uhhh yes ... keep going ... oh fuck yes ... c'mon Lokesh ... yes ... do it ... fuck me uhhh oh ma uhhhh yes ... c'mon baby ... shove it in ... yes! That's it! Shove it right in, lover! Oh god oh god oh god yes!"

He moved faster and faster and her body rocked and jerked under his thrusts, her breasts jiggling as he rammed his cock in and out of her cunt.

"Lokesh ... c'mon ... say something! Talk! Use those lovely dirty words you know! Let me hear you, Lokesh!"

He gasped. "Yes ... oh uhhh yes ... oh fuck yes ... c'mon ... whore!"

"Yes!" she cried. "Say it again!"

"Whore! Cunt! Take it! Take it, slut! Take my cock you fucking bitch!"

"OHHHHHHHHH uhhh yes Oh ma uhhhh yes! Oh god yes!" she cried.

The bed rocked and bounced as he fucked her, pounding furiously in and out of her cunt now, his hips bobbing and bouncing in frenzy over her thighs. She gasped and cried out, her head jerking from side to side, her body whipping and tossing frantically on the bed, her hips bucking and heaving under his, her cunt spasm and contract feverishly on his piston penis.

Suddenly, she stopped him, gasping and panting, her chest heaving. "Not so fast!" she hissed. "Not so fast, not yet! C'mon ... lick my slit! Tongue-fuck me!"

Lokesh moaned and thrust his cock into her feverishly a few times before he obeyed. He slid out of her and began to slide down her body.

"Not like that," she snapped. "Slowly ... lick my tits ... suck them ... then go down slowly ... then tongue-fuck me."

Lokesh squeezed one breast and took it in his mouth. She groaned, arching. Her nipple quivered under his tongue. He whipped it rapidly.

"Ohhh uhh yes! That's it!" she gasped, squeezing her other breast in frenzy as flames of lust leaped through her body. "Oh yes!"

He moved to the other breast, sucked it sharply, nibble her nipple. Instinct guided him and he slid his hand into her crotch and arched a finger into her slit. She gasped in surprised delight. Her hips bucked under his hand. He began masturbating her slowly, twisting his finger in her cunt, pressing his knuckle to her gorged clitoris. Slowly, he rocked his hand back and forth, running his finger in and out of her cunt, which convulsed in a hot, wet frenzy on his finger. Squeezing her breasts together, he sucked and nibbled both nipples simultaneously. 

Shanti's body writhed and twisted on the bed, her head jerked to one side, her chest heaving, her hips bucking, her face twisted in lust, her eyes screwed shut, her mouth torn open. Her cries rang in his ears, arousing him further. Slowly, he released her breasts and slid downward, dragging his tongue over her slender, gorgeous body, lapping at the dewdrops of sweat that beaded her belly going lower, swirling his tongue through her navel, descending further. Her legs forked apart and she clawed her cunt-lips open for him. 

Lokesh stared in fascination at her lovely, wet, soft cunt. The long stem of her stiff clitoris quivered. He pulled her cunt-lips open and, opening his mouth, thrust his tongue into the moist cavern. The effect was astonishing.

"Oh mauh ahuh OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" Shanti gasped, her body arching steeply, her hands flying to her breasts, squeezing and crushing them erotically, her head arched back, her long neck craned. "OHHHHHH uhh yes oh god yes!"

Her juices were tangy to the taste and he lapped them gently then flipped his tongue at her clitoris. She gasped again, hissing in delight and her hands twined in his hair and she moved his head round and round in her crotch to suit her pleasure. Lokesh pushed his face deeper into her crotch and probed her crevice with his tongue.

"Ohh uhh oh fuck yes!" Shanti called. "Oh ma uhh ahhh yes oh god yes, Lokesh, yes oh yes there! That's it oh yes! That's it baby... yes ... tongue-fuck me lover ... ahhhhhh uhh oh god oh god oh god yes! Do it ... ohhh uhhh yes!"

His tongue felt wonderful, tentative at first and then greedy and demanding as he probed and pried in her slit, exploring its recesses, lapping at her streaming juices. Shanti whimpered ecstatically, her loins blazing with un-faked lust, her head flipping from side to side, her body twitching and jerking as if she was being fucked, her breasts jiggling between her arms. She arched her tongue over her slender, bowed upper lip in a curiously wanton gesture and, hissing in joy slid her hands up her body, over her snapped-in belly to her breasts, lifting and squeezing them eagerly, sensuously rolling the nipples under her palms pinching her erect, quivering nipples.

"Mm ... oh baby yes!" she breathed, her voice sexily sibilant with lust. "Oh god that's so good ... now ... stick your finger back in... yes! That's it!"

Lokesh began to finger- and tongue-fuck her simultaneously. Again instinct guided him and, without instruction, he swung around so that his crotch was over her face. Shanti opened her mouth immediately and drew his cock into it and began to suck it hungrily, exulting at the knowledge that he had done this on his own, without bidding. They sixty-nine eagerly, their heads buried in each other's crotches, his hips bucking over her face as he fucked it, his head rolling and twisting as he tongue-fucked her cunt while he tormented her gorged clitoris with his fingertips.

She heaved him off her body and flipped around onto her forearms and knees, spreading her legs.

"C'mon Lokesh," she panted. "Fuck me again now ... fuck me from behind ... fuck me like a bitch ... do it!"

Lokesh scrambled to his knees behind her, panting and gasping, his muscular body shining with sweat, his chest heaving. He pressed his cock-head between her buttocks as he had seen the other man on the porn videos.

"Not there," she groaned. "That's my ass ... not there ... not now anyway ... you can fuck it later if you like ... first take my cunt, Lokesh ... fuck me hard!"

Reaching back, she guided his cock to her cunt. He gripped her buttocks and with a shuddering moan, thrust powerfully into her. Shanti cried out, her head snapping up, her face contorting and twisting in a rictus of lust as the huge cock surged into her cunt-flesh driving a tidal wave of pleasure before it. Her body lurched forward and her long neck arched upward.

"OHHHHHHHHHHH uhh Oh ma uh Lokesh uhhh oh Muhhhhniiish uhh OHHHHHHHHHHHH!" she cried.

Her cry thrilled him. He gasped loudly. "C'mon! Take it, bitch! C'mon! Take my cock, whore! Take my cock in your cunt!"

"Yes!" she cried. "Oh fuck yes, Lokesh, yes! Fuck me! Fuck me hard!"

He began fucking her rapidly, jerking his hips back and forth, gripping her waist and rocking her body to and fro beneath his, Shanti gasped and cried out, her gold chain tossing and swinging, her pendulous breasts jiggling. He slid his hands up her body and squeezed them eagerly. There was thunder in his groin. His pulse raced. He moved faster pummel her buttocks with his thighs, slapping his flesh loudly at hers, his balls swinging up against her cunt-lips as he plowed into her hot furrow. She jerked and rocked under him, dragging her cunt up and down the length of his tumescence, her breasts jiggling, her face arched, her necklace swinging. She turned her face over her shoulder. Lokesh thought he had never seen anyone so lovely.
