 Part 1

After breakfast with the rest of the undergrads in their little mess hall Chad and Elise walked over to the lawn in front of the women's cottage that was going to be the staging area for their first day in the field. Chad was jumpy with excitement. They would be splitting into three groups, each led by one of the women, and each group would follow one of the three main paths that the chimps in Group M used to forage for food and patrol the borders of their territory this time of year, now that the rainy season was ending and the long dry season was about to begin. As undergrad team leaders Chad and Elise had to make sure that the gear was packed properly so that each group had enough water and food and emergency supplies to make sure that everyone got back safe and sound (it was no joke out there from the way Karin and Jess described it) and that the cameras and microphones and such were charged and in good working order.

Elise looked cute in the little "safari" outfit she'd picked out for the first day of fieldwork. Khaki pants cut mid-calf and stretched snug over her slim hips and her tight little runner's ass. Hiking boots. Tar Heels baseball hat. A light blue t-shirt hugged her perky little tits. God I love girls, Chad thought to himself. The way they dressed for him and displayed their bodies for him. He felt like putting Elise over his knee right then and there and pulling down those cute little khakis and fingering her to orgasm right there in the open. She saw him eyeing her.

"What's the matter, stud, Jess didn't take care of you last night?"

Chad cocked his head and squinted like he didn't know what she was talking about.

"O don't play dumb, the whole group knows about it. Karin got pretty buzzed last night and told us everything. How Professor Morgan gave Jess permission to use little Chad here as her personal fuck toy for the rest of the trip if that would keep her happy and make her a good worker!"

Chad was annoyed at Elise but he was also dying of curiosity. Had Kate really said that? He was getting hard now just at the idea of it, that Kate had given him to Jess as some kind of sexual reward or something. 

"Well, did the little fuck toy do a good job last night?"

"I think you know," Chad drawled in his best hillbilly accent, laying it on thick.

"O I do know!" said Elise, her eyes flashing at him mischievously. "And I miss it, to be honest."

She stopped suddenly and turned toward him and stopped him in his tracks. She came right up to him and put her hands on his balls and squeezed them a little as she pressed her tits against him. She put her nose to his neck and inhaled deeply.

"Ahhhhh. I do like your scent. I tell you what, stud, come to the girl's bunkhouse tonight and I'll make it worth your while. I'll let you fuck me right there in the middle of the room on the floor with all the girls watching, and when I'm good and finished you can have any of them you want."

Chad laughed and shook his head. "Sounds fun. But I don't think I could handle the pressure."

"O I think you could. And I want you to. I want you to be MY fuck toy on this trip and I'll do whatever you want to get what I want.

"O yeah? Like what?"

Elise smiled at him and rubbed his shaft a little through his jean shorts. She looked like she definitely thought she had his number, knew which buttons to push.

"Like maybe I'd let you fuck me raw and cum inside me. Would you like that? Maybe I'd let all the girls watch you do that to me, and see how hot it made me, so they'd want to try it too. Maybe you'd get to come inside all of us, if you're up to it."

Jess came outside onto the porch and saw Elise pressed up against Chad and fondling him and flirting with him. She laughed and rolled her eyes and walked down the steps toward them to inspect the gear. She was wearing her own little safari outfit that was carefully selected to protect her from thorns and insect bites, sure, but also to display her ass and breasts for Chad's own personal pleasure. It was pretty much the same as Elise's outfit. The pants were identical actually (girls were so weird!) except Jess's ass was practically bursting out of hers, and when she bent down to open her camera bag where it lay on the ground Chad caught sight of her bright red thong. His cock was completely hard now. He pulled his t-shirt down over it. He looked down at Elise.

"Sounds interesting. Can I have a rain check on that? Maybe for tomorrow?"

Elise stomped hard on his foot and turned and walked away. She wiggled her ass for him though, clearly enjoying herself and her little game.

Chad looked up and saw Kate at the top of the stairs now, stretching her arms over her head as she gazed out at the blue expanse of lake Tanganyika. She looked tired and sad maybe but also somehow otherworldly, like her mind was already in the forest with the chimps and everything happening around her right now was just a means to an end to get her where she really wanted to be. She was wearing the same outfit as yesterday except she had on a UNC baseball hat too and it made her look younger (not that she was old!) and more approachable somehow. She didn't have her glasses on either. He looked carefully at the sheer white button-down shirt and noticed that she was wearing a bikini underneath it today and that it was light blue and it had a little underwire support that made her breasts stick up a little higher. She looked phenomenal at the moment, stretching her long arms above her and arching her back so that her breasts pushed straight out at him. She opened her eyes and caught him looking at her, not for the first time today. She flashed him a friendly smile and looked him up and down again, like she had earlier that morning when he'd been watching her ass while she did yoga. He knew he looked good in his UNC soccer t-shirt and his skinny jeans cut off at the knees. He had on his speedo underneath.

If he knew anything about anything in the wide world he knew that he definitely wanted to be there when she slid that white shirt off her shoulders sometime later today, after the work was done, and jumped into a swimming hole somewhere. He remembered the photo of her in the string bikini in Puerto Rico from her husband's Flickr page, with her large breasts wet and glistening as she smiled shyly at the camera. He thought carefully about how to arrange things so he'd end up in her group today.

Part 2

Kate's emotions were strange. On one level she felt abysmal, truly abject. She felt like she'd been kicked in the stomach by that picture on her husband's flash drive: Elise with her husband's dick in her hand and his cum on her face and that smug smile on it too. She felt like she was going to throw up. And she was beyond tired from not having slept all night. But on another level she also felt weirdly dispassionate about the whole thing, almost objective. It made sense. It wasn't about her. In Brian's mind he was an alpha male, always had been, ever since she knew him and he sweet talked his way into her bed and between her legs when she was nineteen and he was her brilliant, unbelievably hot TA with the hot soccer body and the deep tan. And now he was pushing forty and he was about to make a baby with his wife and things were getting very serious. And he had tenure and a world famous book and dozens of little nineteen year olds still ready to suck his cock for him and to ride it for him if he showed even the slightest interest in them. It wasn't that she forgave him. She didn't. She didn't know if she ever would. But she understood how it was almost inevitable given the way that he thought of himself, and thought about his masculinity, given how it would make him feel to be at the pinnacle of his fame and power, and maybe even to fear that he'd start losing that soon. What a shithead! Men were such boys.

She'd given her laptop to Roger's wife Alex that morning and asked her to take it to the village with her today when she went to do her errands. She asked her to go to the little internet café and send the email she'd written and then to go back when she was done with her errands and check her email again to see if her husband had replied. Alex was boring like Roger, but sweet too. Kate felt like she could trust her.

Her email to Brian was simple: "I know about Elise. I saw the flash drive. Don't contact me and don't come here. If you do I will leave you. I will call next week as planned." She knew he'd write back anyway and in a way she wanted him to. But she didn't want him to come. She was afraid of what she might do to him, and she needed to focus on her work now.

Kate looked up at the green slope above her. They'd been hiking for almost an hour and they were almost to the forest line. She could feel the air starting to get cooler and she caught the heavy scent of wet leaves, and flowers, and fruit. Courtney and Kevin were behind her and Chad was in front of her. For the last hour she'd been watching his butt muscles work hard in the tight jean shorts he was wearing and she'd been kind of enjoying herself to tell the truth. It had been a hard night and she needed to find her pleasure where she could. And Chad's nineteen-year-old ass was like a soothing dream.

Suddenly she had a crazy idea to order him to stop right where he was. She wanted to walk up behind him and unzip his jean shorts and pull them down and stick her face in his crotch and take a deep whiff of him. That's what a bonobo matriarch would do, if one of her favorite older males had copulated with a younger female who wasn't part of the main clique. She'd walk straight over to the hottest, youngest male she could find and inspect his hair and his underarms and his penis. And if she liked what she saw she'd fuck him hard and raw, face to face with her tongue in his mouth, right there in front of the whole group while she screamed out her pleasure. Then she'd lay with her head in his lap and let him groom her the whole rest of the day. That's what a bonobo would do. And Kate had always considered herself part bonobo. 

It was sweet the way Chad had pretended to end up in her group by accident this morning, assigning everyone else to Jess and Karin and then acting surprised when that left him with her group. She appreciated it, actually. She wasn't going to fall apart because Brian had been fucking Elise for god knows how long, and god knows how many other girls too. She'd thrown his flash drive into the lake this morning because she didn't want to know and it didn't fucking matter anyway. She was still going to do the work she'd come here to do. But she was also hurting. And it felt good that Chad wanted to be around her, even if it was just to learn from her about chimps and sex. Even if he didn't want her body too, which she was pretty sure he did. She'd seen the way he looked at her this morning, on the beach and on the porch.

She admired his ass again in the jeans as he climbed the slope in front of her. She was looking forward to finding a cool swimming hole somewhere after lunch and stripping down to her bikini for him, and watching him strip down for her, and then slipping into the water with him and flirting with him a little, making him want her. That would feel good.

They reached the forest line and hiked for another thirty minutes and then they found some chimps from group M on a wide flat rock beneath a late-blooming fig tree. Kate motioned for everyone to squat down and avoid eye contact like she'd taught them in the orientation sessions. The chimps were habituated to people but they were still no joke if you made them feel angry or threatened. She'd been charged by them before, teeth bared and shrieking.

She took out her little note pad and her binoculars and everything else around her except the chimps just disappeared. She was in her element, her natural state. She did not exactly like what she was seeing as she studied the chimps carefully. In her heart of hearts she wished they were bonobos instead. She didn't really even like chimps. But she also felt strangely removed from what was happening with the apes. Gone was all the competitive fire she usually felt at times like this, that burning passion to show the world, and to show Brian, that she could see something that no one else could. What she felt instead was a strange sense of calm and sadness. This wasn't about her, or about what she wanted to see. It was about these beautiful animals, so closely related to her, and yet so otherworldly. 

So she didn't feel any of the anger she normally felt as she watched the males dominate the females, almost terrorizing them. There were three young adult males and five females ranging from mature to pre-pubescent. The males had finished gorging themselves on the figs and now they were strutting around and challenging each other by beating branches on the rock. And they were displaying their hard penises to the females as they moved in for their turn to eat, finally. She could tell that there was no clear alpha yet who'd moved in to fill the power vacuum since the old alpha disappeared (probably murdered by a rival?) and the atmosphere was crackling with tension. She watched one of the males raise his fist to strike one of the females when she reached for a fig that was too close to a rival male. Kate could tell she'd been beaten before by him, probably recently, and she knew this meant she would be more likely to have sex with him when she came into heat, which looked liked it would happen pretty soon. She had the beginnings of her swelling already. 

But for now all eyes were on a beautiful young female, the "pink lady" Kate decided to call her, who was barely out of adolescence and whose sex skin was full and enflamed. It looked like her backside was on fire. She was sitting there to the side of the rock munching a handful of figs and waiting to see which of the males would end up winning the challenges and would come over to her to claim his prize and mount her. 

Kate lost herself in the chimps for a while and then her attention shifted to a different female who she hadn't noticed before. She was sitting off to the side quietly, surveying the scene. She was maybe thirty-five, about the same age as Kate, but unlike her she had surely given birth to many children by now and she probably had about ten more years to live. She was beautiful. She had a beautiful body. Soft and fleshy and curvy and she had big, dark expressive eyes. Mahalia. That was what Kate decided to name her, right on the spot, because she'd always loved that name and because it sounded like Mahale and because in Kate's mind this was the empress. These were her mountains. 

She knew that when Mahalia came into heat she would be the most popular female in the group and she would drive the males absolutely wild. Lots of research showed that young males preferred to copulate with the most mature females, who had proven their reproductive success and therefore made the best mate to mix their genes with. But for now she had only one admirer. A young adolescent male, a "teenager." He was long and lean and handsome. Brad, Kate decided to call him because he was a pretty hot young chimp, she had to admit, and it rhymed with Chad. It was probably obvious, and the other women would probably tease her about it when she told them, but she was way past caring.

Brad kept fetching Mahalia figs from the high branches and handing them to her and smiling his big toothy grin and making sweet, friendly sounds. Then Kate saw something amazing. Mahalia stood up suddenly and walked straight over to Brad and looked him in the eye and then squatted down on her haunches in front of him and reached for his penis. She tweaked it a little so it got hard and red and then she inspected it all around from every angle. She seemed fascinated by it. Then she stood up and went back to her figs. Brad looked flushed and dazed, standing and swaying a little like he was a tree that had just been cut down and was about to fall over.

Kate looked over her shoulder to see if the kids were watching and she saw Chad behind her with the camera out shooting a video. Good boy, she thought. She smiled and gave him a big thumbs up. She was happy to have a recording of the interaction to study later that evening back at the cottage. There was definitely something interesting going on with these two. She stood up and walked straight over to Chad, swinging her hips, and noticed that he was blushing a little and looking down at his feet like she'd just caught him watching porn or something. It HAD been pretty steamy. She laughed and blushed too. 

They hiked back down the mountain and stopped at a good swimming hole and ate lunch. Then the four of them stretched out on a grassy slope near the little pool and Kate almost fell asleep. She was exhausted. She could hear Courtney and Kevin chatting and flirting next to her and at some point she heard them get up and wander off into the forest. Penis inspection time, Kate thought to herself. She liked Courtney. She would make a good bonobo. She wished she could fire Elise's ass and make Courtney the new undergrad team leader. But that would raise suspicions. She noticed that Courtney had cut her hair short sometime in the last couple of days and it really looked good on her with her full, strong body and her handsome jaw. She was glad that she was letting Kevin get a little of that sweet backside of hers. That would be good for him, and for group morale. Good girl, she thought to herself.

She turned on her side and looked at Chad, stretched out on the grass with his t-shirt riding up and his flat stomach exposed. He had his forearm over his eyes to shield them from the midday sun and it showed off his lean bicep and his underarm. She could smell him and she liked it. She poked him in the ribs. He turned on his side toward her and smiled.

"So why didn't go with Jess's group today, huh tiger? From the sound of it you guys had a pretty good time last night."

Chad eyed her uncertainly. "Uh, sorry about that. Jess said you were fine with it."

"It's okay. I am fine with it. I think it's great actually. You two have a lot in common. You're both smart and young and like to have a good time. But you have to keep it between us okay? I could get in real trouble if anyone at the college found out. She is your teacher, technically."

"Don't worry. Believe me, I'm not going to complain!"

They both laughed and turned a little red.

"So why aren't you with Jess today?" 

She had her head propped up on her elbow and she was nibbling on the end of a long spear of grass. She let her eyes wander down the whole length of him, taking in his hard body. She knew he noticed but she didn't care. She was enjoying herself.

"Well, I mean, Jess is really hot and everything. And it's flattering that she's attracted to me. And yeah we did have a great time last night. But that's not what I'm here for. And not to be an egomaniac or anything but it's not that surprising either. People have always wanted me for my physical talents, for what I could do with my feet to a soccer ball, or what I could do with other parts of my body."

He rolled his eyes at Kate adorably and blushed. She felt a little bad now for perving on him all morning. She raised her own eyes from his flat stomach to meet his deep blue stare.

"What ARE you here for?"

"I'm here for the chimps," he shot back right away. "I'm here to learn. And you know the most about the chimps so I wanted to be with you today."

Kate smiled at him, almost beaming. She really liked this kid. He was sweet and smart and he was comfortable opening up to an older woman and talking with her, being intimate. He'd been raised by a single mom with a drinking problem (hadn't Karin told her that?) so it all made sense. He'd probably been a real confidant for her, a real support.
