 Suhas did not lose much time in reaching out to Geeta – the mother of all sluts and in reality, the mother of our stars Shanti Chitra and grandmother to Madhavi.

He reached Coimbatore a few days later for a Corporate meeting with a local company whose board he chaired and quickly pinged her and she was reluctant to speak to him, he had not bothered to meet him for nearly 5 months now – she was wondering if he had lost interest in her and she was aware of his exploits all over the world – including those he was involved in with her daughters.

Geeta Swaminathan was very beautiful even at 49, Aishwarya the eldest daughter was her step daughter and she had her first Shanti when she was 21. 

Geeta had a quality that Suhas found intensely erotic. Her face her manner her softly musical, sibilant speech made men wanted to fling her to the nearest bed and fuck her passionately. Her hair was thick and glossy with auburn highlights. Her nose was fine and straight, her mouth full, wide and sensual and her teeth even and strong. 

She had a firm-chinned oval face and her eyes were devastating, elongated, almond-shaped, rimmed with *kajal*. She was of medium height, fair-skinned, slender stunningly curved. She had a long neck, around which she wore the traditional symbol of her marital status, a black-and-gold beaded *mangalsutra*. Her husband was a drunk and, till Suhas put a stop to it, had forced her to whore for him, to keep him in liquor. Now she rarely saw him. 

There were plenty of other men in her life. Her long, graceful neck led to full breasts, superbly shaped, like ripe mangoes, succulent and shapely with long nipples in dainty bright aureoles. Her belly was firm and flat and her hips flared to softly delectable buttocks that closed around a particularly dainty, puckered anus in which she especially enjoyed entertaining a thick, hard penis even at this age, her genes were there plenty in both her daughters. 

Her arms and legs were smooth, slender, nicely turned, and her hands and feet were shapely and elegant.

Apart from the *mangalsutra *she wore a small silver nose-stud in one nostril, gold earrings, finger-rings, bangles, anklets, toe-rings. She had a wonderful posture: the spine dipping in a delectable hollow down its length. Her body was curved like an hourglass, sweeping from her shoulders to a narrow waist, than opening out again to her hips and buttocks. Her beauty was complemented by her enthusiasm and aptitude for sex. Ordinarily, no man could pass her by without a second glance. She was every man's fantasy, she looked twenty years younger of her age and in fact Shanti and Chitra rarely looked like her daughters, she looked so young with all facials and makeups she made sure – her sexuality was preserved and she was desirable.

In her, fortune brought fantasy to truth: in bed, she was irresistible. There was magic in her tongue, in her teeth, in her incredible fingers, between her legs. Once aroused - which was often and easily - she could hold her lover for hours together. Even in Suhas's world of incessant debauchery, with its Olympian sexual standards, her prowess was acknowledged.

Suhas and she had been lovers since she was eighteen and he twenty. He never tired of her nor was she of him. He regularly commanded her to his bed and each time, he was filled with a sense of delight at her eagerness and ability, the way she surrendered herself to him without reserve. For her part, she loved him from the first, as all his lovers did, for his gentleness his patience, his kindness and above all, for his awesome sexual prowess.

Geeta had taken lovers before, during and after her marriage, and borne four children, none of whom looked alike, although they all bore her unmistakable stamp. She herself could not have said with any certainty who was their father or who fathered them.

But, astonishingly, four children had done nothing to put surplus weight on her or to deplete her fine figure. She smiled gently at Suhas as he stepped out of the bathroom, fresh from a shower, clad only in a thick white terry-cloth robe. His jet black hair was slicked back. His cologne was quiet, but entirely sensual. The robe was belted loosely about his waist and she knew he was naked beneath. The thought of his warm, superbly sculpted body excited her, and, involuntarily her lips parted. His eyes smiled at her in return, bathing her in their limpid, fluid warmth, beckoning, irresistible. She wore a light printed *sari* with a *bindi* dotting the middle of her forehead. Therewere small gold earrings in either lobe, and except her finger-ring, anklets, bangles and *mangalsutra*, she wore no other jewelry. She had deliberately worn the mangalsutra* although she had been sorely tempted to discard it, especially once she had found an adequate and unending source of male companionship in Suhas's household with a variety of men.

But she had resisted the temptation knowing well how it excited some of her lovers to feel that they were fucking another's wife.

Now they were very close, their bodies almost touching. Silently he took her by her slim waist and drew her to him. Her back never failed to give him pleasure with its superb posture and erotically hollowed spine, the smooth skin, like satin, the hollows above the collarbone. His fingers were warm and strong on the naked flesh of her bare midriff and she felt her innermost being throb with pleasure at this merest of touches. Her breath shortened, and she leaned her forehead against his chest, fighting for control. Even after all this time, this man could make her feel like a wanton, desperate slut, craving flesh in flesh.

She slipped her long, slender fingers under the lapels of his robe and pulled it wide open, tugging open the knot, slipping the robe off his massive shoulders. Her bare feet climbed his and now she tingled in pleasure as she felt the enormous size and weight of his penis against her belly. Her magical fingers glided over the magnificent contours of his torso as at last, she tilted her face up to his, her lips fluttering open. His eyes held hers for a long moment and the fires of her lust danced in her eyes. Her nostrils were slightly flared and her breath was warm and sweet on his face. She slid her arms up and around his neck and arched her head, rising on her toes and he bent his head to hers. His lips met hers and she stiffened at the first, electric touch of his lips and then his tongue slid past her lips and met hers in flickering reply.

She sucked on his tongue, on his lips, met his kiss in measure. His hands were on the nape of her neck, caressing, sliding up and down her slender frame, cupping her breasts. He slid the *pallu* of her *sari* off her shoulder, unravelling it expertly. It rustled to her feet and he tugged at the draw-cord of her petticoat, letting that, too, drop, she was naked beneath that her cunt fuzz neatly trimmed in anticipation. One by one, he flicked open the buttons of her blouse and she wriggled out of it, finally naked in his arms, his for the asking, for the taking, to be had and possessed and enjoyed at will.

"How was my daughter Shanti, this time, you are the one who took her cherry 6 years ago" she murmured softly, her eyes closed, arms taut about his shoulders as he tongued her ear and sucked and nibbled on her earlobe. Her nipples stiffened against his chest and she moaned softly when his big, strong hands cupped her breasts with infinite tenderness. 

Her aureoles puckered and her nipples grew longer and stiffer in his fingers, her body going hot.

"She is the most exciting slut today in the circuit and now she charges me for every fuck – I pay her a fortune and understand both of them are currently dating a stud by the name Ratan who is also a fortune holder and is keeping them wealthy – he pumps a lot of money to both of them" quipped Suhas. 

She took his face in his hand and kissed him hungrily, already burning with lust. He had that effect on his women. Possessed of a rapier-like mind of considerable renown in several distinct fields of endeavour, he was also devastatingly handsome and impossibly muscled. Clean-shaven and square-jawed, with a wide, clear brow and a fine, aquiline nose he was often mistaken for a film star. He had wide-set, deep, gentle eyes of a dark brown that could change from ice to fire in minutes. His merest look could do to women what lesser men - and his women had yet to meet one not lesser - would have spent a fortune and hours, if not months and years, to achieve. His mouth was wide and sensual without being fleshy, the teeth very strong and white and even. He had high cheekbones and slightly hollowed cheeks and a cleft in his chin. His face was that of an outdoor man, used to long hours in merciless sun, doing manual labour - rugged and tough, with every feature honed, filled with strong sinew and deep reserves of strength and power and speed.

His body matched his features in every respect. His shoulders were immense, broad and deep and bulging with muscle. His back was a superb, deeply sweeping, swooping ripple of musculature from shoulder and arm to spine and beyond again. His neck was thick and bullish with strength. The chest was immensely deep and heavy, the pectorals like two huge slabs of rock, the cleft between them deep and ridged with veins and muscles, the taut, dark nipples pulled wide and low on either side. From his triceps, a continuous ridge of muscle flew down the immensity of his chest in a mighty W to its counterpart opposite. His belly was flat, and like a washboard, the flesh marked with the rectangles of muscle. The waist was narrow and small, the hips high and arrogant, the buttocks taut and firm. His arms and legs were long and thick and rounded and bulging with muscle, the feet and hands big and powerful. His forearms were thick and ridged with veins, the calves and thighs stronger than oak. There was no hair on his torso anywhere; even the armpits were depilated. He took good care of his body, and used it well - in combat, in play, in work.

Above all, there was his penis. It was a thing of beauty, a joy to behold a greater joy still for a woman to stroke and caress and lick and suck and then be fucked by. Limp, it was bigger and thicker and longer than most erections: it dangled a good ten inches in length, over an inch and a half around, before a brace of big, low, loaded balls that stored, she knew, an almost unending cornucopia of delicious jizz. When erect, it would swell to an awe-inspiring eleven-and-a half inches or more in length, over two and a half around.

It sprang from a mat of cropped black curly pubic hair. He regularly had one of his lovers shave the shaft all the way down to the base. There were good reasons for this. For one thing, there were some women with whom he performed on stage or on film who could take his cock whole, when erect. Then, the sight of his smooth, hairless penis glistening and throbbing, plunging in and out of cunts, mouths, anuses added to the eroticism. But, more important, he found it gave him greater satisfaction and allowed him to gauge his lover's responses a fraction more accurately. It was this attention to detail, to minute that set him apart from the rest and made him their leader. She loved it this way. She loved him, every bit of him every inch of his cock. True, Kishore's was a tad bigger - but, as he himself readily admitted, Suhas was by far his superior in matters lecherous.

Now Suhas smiled in pleasure as Geeta bent her head and began to suck on his nipples gently, her sharp, warm, moist tongue and fierce teeth nibbling and suckling and toying with his nipples, arousing them painfully. Meanwhile, her elegant fingers coiled about the shaft of his cock and began to caress it expertly and it swelled and thickened in her fist. She moved to the other nipple, sucking hard, letting go sucking hard again. He moaned and murmured and caressed her face and the nape of her long neck, her dangling breasts, finding them swollen and turgid.

Geeta slid lower, her lips at his belly, then lower still. Suhas gasped when Geeta knelt before him, and, her breathing short, her fist curling lovingly around his cock, her lips parting, her long tongue snaked out over his cock-head and flickered across his glans. Geeta felt a thrill of pleasure at his response. She began to jerk his cock slowly, licking and kissing his cock, sucking on his balls, not yet giving him the satisfaction of her warm mouth. He held her head in hands and tugged her mouth to his rampant penis.

"*Chul* ... *chul* Geeta Eṉ cēval cak cak,!" he gasped in Hindi and Tamil. "Suck it hard!"

At last, she relented, her face distending, cheeks hollowing as she parted her lips wide to engulf him deep in her mouth. He groaned, holding her head, looking down to watch her, fascinated by the sight of his enormously swollen penis, now dark and glistening, flecked with his pre-cum gunk emerging and disappearing into her mouth. She licked his cock-head slowly, sucked tenderly. 

The warmth, the moisture, the incessant sucking setting his loins aflame, her cheeks were distended with the size of his monstrous cock in her mouth. The bangles tinkled on her slim wrists. Her head jerked back and forth, the strands of the *mangalsutra* tossing on her chest. Her *sari* was undone, her blouse open, her breasts, small and firm bare, the long nipples hard as rock. He groaned as she began to suck him off harder still, her head rocking back and forth, drawing him deeper and deeper into her mouth, slurping audibly on his cock. He grunted, fucking her face slowly, with exquisite pleasure, moving her head with his hands to suit his pleasure, moving it back and forth, back and forth.

Her fingers were now sticky and shining with his jizz. His balls ached for release. He felt his jizz surge powerfully in his loins. Her mouth was pure magic, warm and moist, sucking with an insistent pressure. Her delicate tongue toyed and played with his cock-head and shaft so adroitly that he was tempted to cave in and let her drink his juice. He succumbed to the temptation. He fucked her mouth rapidly, pumping his hips at her face, jerking her head back and forth with one hand. She sucked him effortlessly and hard, knowing what he intended and desiring it, too. He came suddenly, spurting hot jizz into her mouth. She groaned in her throat and swallowed his gunk, opening her lips wide and closing her eyes, shaking his cock to spatter her face and breasts. She licked her lips lasciviously and caught the dribbling gunk on her cheeks and licked her fingers sensuously.

He grinned. His cock was still rock-hard and she knew he could fuck her several times before he was sated. She sucked his cock again and he fucked her face gently for a long time, till he was finally ready for her cunt. He dropped to his knees beside her.

They kissed again, and he – the 52 year old tasted the muskiness of his own jizz on her lips- the 49 year old and tongue as she responded hungrily, her arms curling lovingly about his massive shoulders. He stripped her completely and caressed her slender body tenderly. She quivered at his touch, her large breasts growing hot and tight as he fondled them, her thick, long nipples quivering exquisitely. Kneeling before each other, they kissed and caressed one another. She moaned, her mouth wide open, her eyes fluttering as thick rivers of passion rippled through her body. He drew his finger along her slit and she trembled, dying for something - anything - to fill it. Her cunt-lips were sodden, the juices flowing and oozing warm and musky.

He moved back with his legs folded beneath him, on his knees, and made her turn around, her back to him. She understood at once the position he desired to take and she turned about on her knees, her thighs spreading wide. She backed herself onto his lap, one hand on the floor before her, the other between their legs, holding his rigid, throbbing cock delicately by the cock-head, guiding it to her hole. She paused, trembling, with his burning cock-head at the portals of her wet cunt. Tensing, her head arching, she squeezed his cock-head into her slit. It was huge, distending her cunt-lips painfully wide open, hot and throbbing, pulsating and vibrating inside her. 

"AHHHHHHHHHHHH!" She moaned in a low, lust-laden tone.

"Mm c'mon ... *Intavoru intavoru* ... Geeta *chul* ..." he murmured softly, her cunt like a furnace, hot and wet, clamping, sucking, spasm almost uncontrollably on his penis. She released his cock, and leaned forward on both hands now. They paused for a long moment, savouring the exquisite delicacy of the sensations in their loins. Her head was arched, her back and lovely spine arched deeply inward, her buttocks flexed and taut as her cunt spasm and clamped and sucked hard on his cock. He caressed her gently, his hands sliding up and down her flanks and back and torso, making her shudder in delight. He reached around her and caught her rigid, throbbing nipples, twirling them in his fingers. His lips pressed hot at the nape of her neck, and her face turned now to one side, her lips questing for his. He kissed her deeply, thrusting his tongue into her mouth, fencing it with her own. Their lips parted reluctantly, plucking at each other's, and again his hands ventured over her slender body, exploring all of it, now at her cunt-lips, fingering her clitoris, now between her buttocks, lobbing them open and teasing her puckered anus. She moaned thickly, overcome with lust. Her hips began to writhe, undulating and rolling in heavy, slow circles, churning her cunt-flesh with his massive pestle. He gasped and leaned back on his buttocks, his hands pries her buttocks apart, his eyes riveted by the sight of her expanding cunt-lips gyrating and slowly descending on the monstrous enormity of his penis.

Her breath came in short, rasping gasps as her cunt sank and sank and sank, slowly descending the length of his cock, his penis dark and hard and thick and long disappearing inch by glorious inch into her hot cunt. He pressed his thumbs between her buttocks as she groaned as she felt the insistent pressure at her puckered anus. Again she paused, and now only a good third of his cock still protruded from her impaled cunt. Her shoulders hunched, her head sagged and she gasped, her body heaving and shaking with tension, her belly and loins on fire, her breasts hurting. His cock was so big, so incredibly huge that she thought it would rip in her two from head to cunt, it must surely pierce her and erupt from her throat - and there was still more, and she wanted it all, every little bit; both knew that she could take it; that she would.

Gasping, she began to move before him, rocking back and forth, back and forth on her hands and knees. Her buttocks rose and fell, rose and fell, her spine dipped and arched, her *mangalsutra* tossed and swung. His cock emerged and disappeared between the lobes of her slim buttocks, her cunt rising up its length, then slithering down again. His hands on her hips, he guided her motions, keeping her rhythm steady. With each downward thrust, her cunt slid down deeper and deeper on his cock. He himself did not move, letting her do the work, knowing well what utter satisfaction she derived from it.

Her buttocks flexed and un-flexed rapidly in a squeezing motion, her cunt contracting powerfully on his penis. He grunted. Her belly drew in with the strain and now she was moving rapidly, jerking faster and faster up and down, back and forth, back and forth, up and down, faster and faster and faster. "OH ... OHh ... uhh OHhhh ... Uhhhh ... OHhh ... uhh OHma uhhh Ohma uhh OHhhhmauhh ahhhh uhh ahhhh uhhhh ohhhh ... *saheb* ohhh uhhh Ohhh ... OH ... Oh-OH- OHHH uhh OHHHHHHH!" she went.

She was gasping and panting, her head now arching, now sagging, age was truly not on her side though intent and amorous blood was intact, she was now arching again, her voice ragged already. He fondled her expertly, his own belly sucked in, his hips utterly still, his head bent, watching her buttocks come down deeper and deeper onto his cock. He pursed his lips, his nostrils flared, heat and jizz surging in his loins, his cock hard and hot and throbbing, the thick veins standing out angrily along its length rasping against her inflamed clitoris.
