 Part 1

It had been really hard not to make a move on Professor Morgan at the swimming hole yesterday. Chad was pretty sure he could have kissed her, maybe felt her tits a little. All the signals were there. All it would have taken was for him to turn over and pull her to him when they were lying on the grass, or just swim a little closer to her while they were treading water, backing her up slowly onto the shallow ledge. They wouldn't have fucked. Courtney and Kevin were too close by and Kate (Professor Morgan) would never have taken the risk. But he definitely could have made out with her and felt her tits, and maybe even felt her incredible ass. 

There it was again doing yoga in the black bikini bottom in downward dog. She opened her eyes and smiled at him upside down, then closed her eyes as she stepped forward into a lunge, her suit bottom riding up her crack a little. Christ she had a beautiful ass. Firm and wide and shaped just like a heart. 

He smiled when he remembered all that "Uncle Brian" stuff from their talk yesterday. All that stuff about how she and her husband were like family to him. It wasn't that he didn't mean it in his own way. He did. But it was also calculated to get him where he wanted to be with Kate, which was between her legs with his cock inside her while she screamed out his name. He'd made up his mind now that he wanted that.

She was a little different than other females he'd pursued, he'd finally worked out, and not just because she was older and married and his professor. He needed to find ways to make her feel comfortable being close to him. And to feel that way she had to feel like she wasn't doing anything wrong. She had to feel like it was the right thing to do. She had to feel like being intimate with him, and comfortable with him physically, was just a natural extension of being the best teacher she could be. Chad had worked it out that, as messed up as it seemed, that would be the reason she decided to fuck him in the end. She would feel more and more comfortable with him, and more and more hot for him, and she would tell herself she needed to fuck him to be a good teacher.

Chad was playing the long game. He remembered the waning three-quarter moon through the window of Jess's bedroom last night. Kate had her period on the full moon five days ago and in nine days it would be a new moon, a dark moon, and she would be wild with lust. That was the time to really push his luck. Until then he'd let her take the lead.

It was good the way he'd opened up to her. That kind of thing was so easy for him and it always worked like a charm. He'd been raised by a single mom so he was used to talking openly with a woman who was Kate's age and it felt good when he started. And the fact that it felt wrong too just made it that much hotter. 

His mom was drunk a lot of the time so there weren't always the clearest boundaries between them. And sometimes when she was in rehab (which was a lot) he'd live with her younger sister, his aunt. They talked about things they probably shouldn't have, and they were very intimate with other physically when he was already a teenager, and even until he left for college. Just a little too comfortable, like an old couple cuddling on the sofa while they watched a movie and maybe he fell asleep with his head in her lap, or she fell asleep on his shoulder with his arm around her. A couple times he'd fallen asleep spooning her and once he'd woken up with a hard-on and she'd wiggled her ass against him a couple times. Chad dove into the cold water and swam straight out from shore.

He smiled remembering fucking Jess hard yesterday afternoon and then twice more back in her bedroom after the evening work was done. The second time he took her from behind on all fours and the third time she got things started and rode him reverse cowgirl while they tried to keep it quiet. Not that they succeeded. She was the kind of girl who didn't like to change positions a lot. She liked to find one that felt good and just ride it wherever it took her and for however long it took. She was hands down the best fuck he'd ever had. He remembered her big ass shaking for him while she pounded on his cock and held her hair up for him so he could see her whole back, her delicate spine. 

He would have thought her ass was a little big for him but he'd have been dead wrong. He'd cum inside her three times yesterday and the third time hurt his balls a little. He wished he'd brought some Viagra on the trip. The football and basketball players were always popping those on weekends when the girls lined up down the hall.

He and Jess had talked about the fact that he was cumming inside her as they were drifting off to sleep. Jess thought they should probably go back to condoms because she was pretty sure that when the moon changed from three quarters to half it would be a dangerous time for her. But she was almost positive she was safe right now. Chad was almost positive she was wrong and he felt a little bad about it. He really hoped she wasn't pregnant. But he wouldn't be putting on a condom with her anytime soon to make up for it, especially if her fertile days were already over. 

Chad sliced through the water with smooth strokes as he reviewed his plans for the day ahead. He would be in Kate's group again with Courntey, but today he would bring Ellen (instead of Kevin) and just take it from there. 

Part 2

Kate lunged her right foot forward between her hands, breathing in smoothly as she arched her shoulders and her chest expanded in the blue jog bra. Her face was pointed at the sun and her butt muscles were tensed in the black bikini bottom that was riding up her crack in a way she was kind of enjoying at the moment. It had been another long night and she needed to relax her body and clear her head so she'd be calm and alert when they found Mahalia and Brad again (the older female chimp and the younger male) and she got a chance to observe them.

They'd have to be quick. It was one of those heavy, humid days you can still get in the "shoulder season" of early June and the group wouldn't last long in the heat. There was a storm coming in too, though Roger thought it wouldn't hit until early afternoon. She stepped her left foot next to her right and went into a deep forward bend, exhaling slowly.

When Alex, the naturalist's wife, brought her laptop back from the village she told Kate there was an email from her husband but she hadn't read it. Kate thanked her and took the laptop down to the beach while everyone else went to dinner. 

The email was a complete and abject apology. He was so sorry. He would do anything she wanted. He would go into therapy or couples therapy or he would take a leave of absence from the university and finally get his head together. And he was sorry because he knew that finding out about his affair with Elise would really mess up her research. And he was even more sorry because he was so ecstatic at the idea of starting a family together. He would do whatever it took to make it up to her and win her back. But he respected her decision to cancel his visit and he would wait for her to call in a week. 

She wouldn't have expected anything less really. He was a complete and utter shithead. He was a vain, insecure little boy who let his testicles rule his world. But he was not a terrible man. Kate pushed her hands into the grass and let her hips swing back into downward dog, exhaling deeply again. 

She opened her eyes and saw Chad standing there watching her again, not in the speedo this time but in a longer suit that still looked great on him, riding low on his hips. She'd heard him walking up behind her down the grassy slope. She opened her big, brown eyes and just drank him down in one gulp, flashing a calm smile before she closed her eyes again and lunged her left foot forward between her hands, her butt muscles straining again as the bikini bottom rode up between her cheeks. 

This could work for her, this new routine, she laughed to herself. She liked to watch him swim laps in front of her while she did her sun salutations and felt that surge of energy and pleasure at the start of the day. They had a lot in common actually. They were disciplined, focused, and they both liked to take care of their bodies. 

She was not going to have sex with him. For one thing she was his teacher and that meant something to her, unlike Brian. It was true that he was a full-grown man, physically and sexually speaking, but psychologically he was still a kid. So while she knew that he would rock her world if she ever let him between her legs, and though she very much wanted him between them, she also knew that she needed to be careful with him. He was like a lost puppy with her at the swimming hole yesterday when he opened up about his family, like a sweet adolescent chimp fetching her ripe figs from the high branches.

She knew he had a different side. She'd heard him and Jess yesterday afternoon when she'd come back to the cottage to drop off her laptop before she went to the mess hall for dinner. She heard Jess saying things to Chad that she had never heard a woman say to a man before in her whole life and that made her feel dizzy and hot and jittery all over. That she didn't love anything in the world except his fat cock and that he should just shut up and fuck her with it, and that her pussy belonged to him now. And then Chad asked if he could fill it up and she just gasped and gasped and he groaned out long and slow. And then everything went quiet. It was insane. Before Kate even knew what was happening she was on the couch with the laptop thrown next to her and her hand inside her yoga pants, slick with her juices. It felt electric.

Thank god her period was over or she definitely wouldn't have been able to stop herself. She felt a little less horny now and a little more in control, but just barely. She shook her head remembering what had happened through the wall back at the hotel. When you really thought about it from a certain angle it was almost like Chad had physically torn through that wall with his voice and his powerful hips and just taken her for his own sweet pleasure. It was almost like her desire and her pleasure had just been a byproduct of what Chad and his body wanted, something that her body did almost independently of her, like an animal in response to him.

She couldn't deny that she wanted to know what it would feel like to fuck him for real once or twice, or maybe more than that, in her tiny bedroom in the cottage while the insects chanted and the moon rose over the lake.

She'd watched the moon for a long time last night after they'd finished going over their notes and plotting out courses for the next day. The moon had been full back at the hotel but now it was more like three quarters and it looked like a sideways, deflated soccer ball. Waning gibbous she thought it was called. She remembered that she'd gotten her period on the full moon and she wondered if that was just a coincidence this time or if she always did that. She didn't pay close attention to these things, but maybe she should. Maybe it would make her a better scientist. Help her understand the chimps.

She'd been noticing signs that maybe Jess was ovulating right now and that was part of the reason she had insisted she use protection with Chad, which it didn't sound like she was. She'd noticed that Jess's voice was more musical and more attractive these days, even to Kate, and that she smelled more enticing somehow. She'd been wearing a lot of tight clothes and bright colors, even by her standards, and being more wild and flirty with all the kids, not just with Chad. 

Maybe that was the reason Chad was so irresistibly attracted to Jess right now. Why he was so hot to fuck her that he couldn't even wait for dinner when they got back from fieldwork yesterday and he'd just grabbed her in front of everyone and dragged her after him. And maybe it was why Jess couldn't stop herself, if she even wanted to. If it even meant anything to her that she had crossed that line. Fucking someone else beside her sweet boyfriend. Betraying him like that for a hot fuck with a hot young guy who came on sweet and then hard. Then doing it again and again in the last 48 hours.

Isn't that what Brian was always saying on the lecture circuit? His studies showed that women in relationships with "nice guys" were more attracted to "alpha males" when they were ovulating, even more than single girls were, and that they wanted to fuck them the most on their most fertile days. Just because it was one of Brian's theories, and just because she hated it, didn't mean it wasn't true. She'd been a scientist for long enough to know that nature didn't much care how you wanted it to be. 

She was not going fuck Chad. But she had every intention of enjoying herself with him. She needed someone fun and attracted to her to talk with and flirt with and keep her focused and together. But she was not going to fuck him. And she was not going to blow him or jerk him off or let him finger her or feel her tits or even make out with her. She was not going to do any of that because she was not going to give Brian that easy way out. She was not going to give him that satisfaction, if that was the right word. He had wronged her and hurt her very badly and she wanted to hurt him back and make him suffer. 

And maybe it would hurt him in a way if she just pushed him out of her mind and did her work during the day and had hot sex with Chad at night. If she did make out with him and let him finger her and suck her breasts and fuck her and all that other stuff. If they shared her bed. Maybe that would hurt Brian. But it would also make them even in a way. And in her mind they were most definitely not even. He had crossed a line and she wouldn't. 

She had her arms stretched out wide and her legs spread wide in warrior pose and she felt strong and calm. Chad had finished swimming laps and he was walking slowly up the green slope in his loose trunks. The sun was behind him and the water was dripping off him and his muscles were rippling.

Part 3

They got lucky and found Brad and Mahalia after an hour of hiking. They were with the same group of chimps as yesterday beneath another late blooming fig tree. The humidity was unbearable and Kate and the kids were exhausted already and drenched with sweat. Kate settled down on her haunches and took out the binoculars and lost herself in the chimps.

For the first thirty minutes or so she watched the "pink lady," the young, hot female in heat. She'd been mounted by three of the more aggressive males already. Every time two of them got involved in a challenge, beating sticks against the rocks or charging each other, the third would take the opportunity to run over and copulate with her from behind while he eyed the other two nervously. Kate got bored of the four of them and turned her attention to Brad and Mahalia. For the last hour or so she'd been watching Brad groom her patiently, almost lovingly, picking thorns and insects out of her hair and making those sweet, friendly sounds as he smiled his toothy grin. Every once in a while he would stand up and display his penis to her, hoping that she'd turn around and inspect it, but so far she hadn't shown much interest. But then maybe the fifth or sixth time she did it Mahalia finally turned around on her haunches in front of him and tweaked his penis and gave it a good, long look. Kate was pretty sure she knew what was going on in Mahalia's head. It wasn't just the size of the thing she liked, though Brad was above average for a chimp. Kate was pretty sure that she was also checking out the shape, and color, and smell and flexibility of Brad's tool to see if the was the kind of tool that would please her. She had a lot of experience, this lady, and she was so popular with the males when she was in heat that she could afford to be choosy. And Kate was pretty sure that she was also trying to figure out if Brad's tool was attached to the kind of male that she could have a good time with, maybe even go "on safari" with for a couple of days of non-stop exclusive mating, the kind of male who would be sweet and fun and wouldn't beat her or go all dominant on her. Kate would have to find a way to prove her theory, and maybe demonstrate it experimentally. But she knew she was right. It was already a great result, definitely publishable in a big journal.

She turned around and saw Chad with the camera again getting it all on video and she gave him a big thumbs up. He nodded and smiled at her, pleased with himself. 

On the way back down the mountain they stopped at the same swimming hole as yesterday but this time they all stripped down right away and dove in. Everyone was too hot and tired to eat. They swam around and treaded water for a while. Kate could feel Chad's eyes on her when she floated on her back in front of him and then she watched him for a while when he returned the favor and floated on his back in front of her. Ellen and Courtney started splashing each other and trying to dunk each other under water and after a few minutes Chad joined in, and Kate even splashed them once or twice, laughing. Then they all lay out on their towels on the grassy slope. All three girls were wearing bikinis and Chad had on his customary speedo. Kate turned on her side to face him, both of them still dripping wet. She was wearing the blue bikini again and it showed off her breasts and hips nicely.

"So do you always swim during the off-season? Is that how you keep in such good shape?"

Chad turned on his side and faced her, his hand playing with the wet grass between them, plucking out blades slowly and tossing them aside. He looked up at her.

"No, I used to swim in high school but I haven't much since. But my soccer coach made me promise to swim every morning if I came on this trip so I'd be ready for double sessions when I got back. I'm trying to keep at it. But my shoulders are getting pretty sore to be honest, and my hips too."

Kate nodded seriously.

"I noticed your hips looked tight when you were climbing up the mountain yesterday. Yoga would really help with that. Have you ever tried it?"

"No. To be honest the trainers think all that yoga stuff is kind of soft. No offense."

"None taken," Kate laughed. "Maybe it is soft, but it will definitely make you more flexible. You should let me show you a few poses after you're done with your laps tomorrow. I used to teach classes back in grad school."

"Sounds great. Thanks."

"It's a date!" chirped Courtney. She and Ellen busted out laughing.

"Pipe down you too," Kate chided them, not serious though, "and try to keep your brains out of the gutter."

"I would if I could," Ellen shot back. "It must be something about the air in this place but ever since we got here everyone has turned into total fuck fiends. It's crazy over in those bunkhouses let me tell you." She elbowed Courtney in the ribs and they both cracked up again.

"That reminds me," said Courtney, "we've almost run out of condoms already. I had everyone in the group pool theirs yesterday and we only have six or seven left. I guess no one expected to be having this much sex. Do you think you could ask Roger or Alex to get some the next time they go to the village?" 

"I can try," said Kate, "but you might be out of luck. Condoms are pretty scarce around here with all the foreign aid cut backs."

"Well, if they could try that would be great. Just about all the girls are on the pill so it's not like they'll all end up pregnant or anything, but it'd be great to have the condoms too."

Kate nodded and turned on her side to face Chad again while Courtney and Ellen started chatting and flirting. Chad was on his back now with his forearm over his eyes and his scent pouring off his armpit and making Kate feel woozy. She took a deep breath and closed her eyes and before she knew it she was asleep. It had been another hard night and she was exhausted. She had taken a sleeping pill at 2am out of sheer desperation and the effects of it hadn't worn off yet. 
