 Part 1

Kate liked doing yoga with Chad like this. She liked it even more than she liked watching him swim laps in front of her while the sun rose over the lake like she'd been doing ten minutes ago, admiring his powerful shoulders and long lean arms as they pulled him across the calm surface. She'd been going through her sun salutations like always, breathing in and out and feeling that warm glow start building in the little spot between her stomach and her groin, and then spreading out from there until her whole body felt alive and open. She was facing him in warrior pose as he walked toward her up the green slope and grabbed his towel from the ground and started to dry himself. She felt her stomach drop and her lips moisten. He flashed her that wide sweet smile. 

Now she was guiding him through some simple poses to help open his hips and back and shoulders. He was so strong, but he was surprisingly tight for such a young guy. Like lots of soccer players. Like her husband, in fact. She pushed him right out of her thoughts.

Chad was on all fours facing the sun and she was on her knees beside him while she tried to talk him through cat pose. It was a little awkward to be in that position with him, but she was his professor and he was her student and she was trying to teach him something so it was all perfectly fine. The pose was the most basic one she could think of, and the most gentle on his back and shoulders, but he just couldn't get it. It was simple once it clicked for you but a little tricky at first because you had to get the breathing right, and the rhythm. Lowering your back and relaxing it as you breathed in and let your chest expand and your shoulders and head rise, then breathing out and hunching your shoulders and letting your lower back arch and your backside relax. It was subtle, but powerful once you understood how it worked.

Chad was still a little damp from his swim in his long loose trunks and his wet bangs were hanging down over his blue eyes. Water was dripping onto his nose and his jaw. Jesus he was handsome. You could draw a line down the center of his face and flip the halves of it and he would look exactly the same, except for the bangs. His jaw was so square, and sharp and symmetrical. His skin was dark and his blue eyes were set deep and shadowed a little by his brow. She wasn't sure if she liked the new beard he'd grown since the trip started. She wasn't sure if she liked him better with his smooth and boyish look or with this rougher one, more mature. Maybe she should ask him to shave it for her. That would be kind of hot. 

Or maybe she should just run her fingers through it and tell him how handsome and distinguished and grown up it made him look. They were so comfortable with each other now that they'd been working closely together for a few days, and she was really enjoying the way it gave her license to flirt with him a little more, to play the part of his encouraging teacher. She could compliment him on being in such good shape, or call him little pet names, or maybe run her fingers through his stubble. Would that cross a line? She definitely wanted to feel that beard against her fingers and hands, and maybe against her neck and shoulders, and maybe even against her stomach and the inside of her thighs if she was honest about it. She was probably going to have to rethink her new rules about what she could and couldn't do with him. 

He looked so thin and graceful when she watched him walking up toward her from the lake after his swim, but now that she was right up next to him she realized how strong he was, how massive and powerful in his shoulders, and in his hips, and his whole core. He was having real trouble with the pose so after a minute or two she put one hand on his chest and one hand on the small of his back to guide him through it. She pushed his lower back down gently as she told him to breathe in slowly. Then she shifted her hands and pushed his stomach up just slightly with her fingertips while she told him to let go and exhale. 

Kate couldn't stop thinking about last night in the cottage when she'd watched him take Jess first and then Ellen on the floor in the living room while she hid behind the sliding door to her tiny bedroom. She was thinking about that moment when Ellen was lying underneath him while he did a half pushup over her so that his hard body was suspended just a few inches above her. She was thinking about how Ellen grabbed him and pulled herself up on him, like a little monkey almost, and started biting his neck and rubbing her sweaty tits all over him, and her wet crotch too. Kate's knees had buckled it had looked so lewd and hot. 

She had really wanted it to be her down there clinging to him tightly and rubbing her sweaty breasts and stomach all over his hard body while he held her up off the floor with his powerful arms. And she wanted it to be her when he rolled Ellen into a little ball and fingered her wet slit, almost teasingly, and when he held her by the ankles and raised her legs up until she rolled back on her shoulders and looked up at him. And she wanted it to be her as the tip of his beautiful cock, so blue and plump in the moonlight, pushed into Ellen's swollen lips and parted them. 

The sight of it had made Kate feel so wet and hot and she'd started bucking her hips and her tiny shorts were around her knees and she had two fingers inside her. There was a cold breeze blowing in off the lake and her tank top was pulled up over her breasts and her nipples were rock hard and jutting straight out at Chad, almost calling to him. She was watching his ass clench and unclench and his hips slide forward smooth but hard. Kate hadn't expected it: the strength and the skill and the raw desire. It took her breath away. She'd grunted loud, just once, before she caught herself. 

She remembered it all like it was a dream. She was kneading her breasts with one hand and her shorts were around her ankles as she rocked her hips and slid three fingers inside her, and out again, and right back in, hard and smooth just like Chad's cock was doing to Ellen. Chad had Ellen's ass in his hands and she had her legs wrapped around his thin waist. She he was rolled back on her shoulders and watching him through half-lidded eyes and making little sexy moans and gasps so he'd fuck her harder and deeper. She could tell that Ellen was right on the edge and she could tell she was too. She was admiring Chad's butt muscles and his heavy balls from behind while she pouted at him like Ellen and wished he could turn around and see her. She was gasping and sticking her ass out behind her a little so she could get her hand inside deeper. She groaned out again, a second time, when the tip of her middle finger hit the little rough spot on the front side of her slick canal, just behind her belly, the g-spot, and she started to breathe faster and bend her knees a little deeper and fall over forward a little, her breasts spilling down and hanging beneath her, firm and full.

She wished Chad could turn around and see her like that. See how hot she was and how hot he was making her. That wouldn't break any rules, would it? If she opened her door wide and called to him and let him watch her like that, like she was watching him?

She held her finger against the little rough place and started grinding her hips and her ass and her pelvis harder as she spread her feet a little wider and almost squatted down on her hand, just holding it there and riding it so hard that her wrist started to hurt and her crotch was dripping. Her little rough spot felt wet and firm, like the roof of her mouth when she was sucking on a piece of rock candy or something, sweet and sour. She was shivering all over and her pelvis went into spasm and her whole body felt hot and alive, like an electric current was shooting through her, and her wrist and forearm were hurting so bad she thought she might have sprained them. She held herself hard against her hand and bucked her hips as wave after blue wave rose deep inside her and travelled up the whole length her and crested at the crown of her head and broke all around her in warm foam. Chad's cock was pulsing inside Ellen and her pelvis was shaking and Kate didn't think it would ever stop. And he pulled it out slowly and his thick seed just flowed right out of her, painting her red lips and the inside of her thighs with a hot, white coat, and then dripping down her crack across her anus and making a puddle on the floor. 

The next thing she knew Chad was on his back against the wall with some pillows propped up behind him and Jess and Ellen collapsed in little heaps on either side of him in his strong arms while his chest heaved. Kate was standing there looking right at him and panting and kneading her breasts slowly and her boy shorts were around her ankles and her thighs were glistening with her juices. He was looking right at her too. She was pretty sure she was in shadow but she took a quick step back to make sure as Chad closed his eyes and started to stroke himself idly. Kate pulled down her shirt and pulled up her shorts and fell face down on her bed, dead asleep.

Now it was morning and she was in child's pose bending low toward Chad so that the top of her head was almost touching his. He'd finally gotten the hang of the motion and the breathing in cat's pose and it was good to feel his shoulders and his stomach when it clicked for him and he started to relax and enjoy it.

Kate was relaxed and focused and she felt calm. She was breathing in smoothly and holding it for an instant and then just letting it all go. 

She was maybe going to have to change her rule about not making out with Chad, and maybe even her rule about keeping her hands off his cock. She was his Professor and he was her student and that still meant something. They couldn't do whatever they wanted. They couldn't just march back to her room right now and fuck each other senseless the whole morning and just see where it led, which was kind of what she wanted to do if she was honest with herself. And definitely what she would do in an ideal world. Where she was his yoga teacher, say, instead of his professor, and he was some hot young guy she happened to be working with, her client, who seemed interesting and fun and into her. Still, he was just a kid and she didn't want to complicate her life with all the emotions and problems she'd have to deal with eventually when she had to stop fucking him and go back to her husband and make a baby with him, which was what she'd made her mind up to do, if he met her conditions. She would call him in a few days as planned and lay them out for him and agree to take him back.

And then she would come back to the lodge and the mountains and finish her research. She needed to feel calm and fulfilled and inspired if she was going to do that work well. And to feel that way she was going to have to figure out a way to pleasure herself with Chad without crossing the line. Otherwise something bad would happen, if she stayed this out of control. He would catch her watching him, one of these nights, or she would wake up at the swimming hole one of these days, after teasing him too much, and he'd be right on top of her, and there would be no way to stop what happened next. She needed to find a way to get on top of her desire for him, to control it and ride it out. She was going to do yoga with him in the mornings and try that for a while. And maybe she'd massage his shoulders at the swimming hole later today, like a yoga teacher might after a hard session, and maybe he'd massage her. And maybe she'd want to be held by him then, and to fall asleep with him in the grass. And maybe when she woke up she'd want to kiss his neck and rub her body against him and feel his cock get long and stiff between them. Maybe that would be allowed under the new rules.

Kate and Chad were sitting cross-legged now and facing each other and breathing in and out. She looked at him and smiled and he smiled back.

Part 2

It was sheer chaos in M group when they finally found it. It took longer than normal because the chimps had gone deeper into the forest, up the mountainside, to try to escape the rain yesterday. The air was still heavy and humid and Kate and the kids (Chad, Courtney, and Ellen) were exhausted again from the long hike up from the lake. 

She and Chad were squatting close to each other, and sweating, and breathing hard, and watching the chimps with rapt fascination. The challenges between the aggressive males were flying fast and furious. The "pink lady" was in heat still and driving the males wild with lust and anxiety, but worse than that one of the older females had come into estrus too and her swollen pink sex skin was the center of everyone's attention, chimps and humans included. She was probably the second most popular female in the group after Mahalia, Kate guessed. She was not quite as old (maybe 28 years old) but her body was soft and curvy like Mahalia's and she had a serene and confident air about her. She was a female who knew she could make beautiful baby chimps that would survive and grow up to be strong, maybe dominant. And the males knew it too and they wanted to empty their seed inside her so badly that they would maim or even kill any male who stood in their way. They wanted it to be their genes in the baby that she would carry and nurture and raise. The stakes were much higher now that she was in heat and the tension and violence were at fever pitch. You could feel it in the atmosphere.

So far she'd only been mounted by one male, who seemed the best bet to establish himself as the new alpha. He was sticking close to her and fending off challenges from the other two aggressive males left and right. Everyone once in a while he would raise his fists and beat one of the other males or bare his long fangs at him. And when they retreated to gather their courage again or lick their wounds he would hurry over to the mature female and grab her from behind and take her. 

But the whole time he had his eye on Brad and Mahalia too. Brad kept drifting casually over to the edge of the little clearing where the group was and calling out to Mahalia and gesturing to her to follow him into the forest. And the new alpha was worried that maybe she would. She wasn't in heat yet, but Kate's guess was that she usually came into estrus soon after the other mature female, and that the males remembered this at some level. He didn't want her wandering off now with her young guy friend who was luring her so skillfully with food and grooming. He wanted her close to him when her sex skin flamed out. He wanted her in his domain. A couple of times when Mahalia stood up and wandered over toward Brad the new alpha charged right over to her and raised his fists and kind of herded her back over to where she'd been sitting. And every time he did the other two males would come closer to the mature female in heat and start displaying their red penises. The new alpha would charge right back over and back them away from her. He looked frantic with anxiety and desire.

Part 3

As soon as they got to the swimming hole Ellen and Courtney jumped straight in without taking off their tank tops or their running shorts or anything. Chad slid the pack off his shoulders and laughed and when he turned toward Kate she was laughing too and sliding her pack off her shoulders. Jesus she looked good doing it. Kind of shimmying her shoulders as she arched her back and stuck her chest straight out and shook her breasts a little too. She was wearing a loose grey tank top and her black yoga pants and all morning Chad had been dying to see what she had on under there. He'd been watching her ass the whole way up the mountain.

And the whole time they were observing the chimps he'd been watching her face too, holding the camera in front of him, trained on M Group, while he stole glances at her squatting on her haunches and lost in her thoughts. Christ she was beautiful when she was in her element like that, in her zone.

He could tell that she was fascinated by what was happening with the chimps and he very much wanted to know if it was for the same reasons as him. Because even though he knew it was kind of twisted and wrong, Chad was finding the whole atmosphere of the place and the group today kind of strangely intense, kind of hot almost. 

That was partly because he was so keyed up and crazy from his little yoga session with Kate this morning, true. That had been really something. She had to know that it was impossible for him be in those positions with her, dressed the way they were, without picturing having sex with her the entire time in vivid detail. And he was pretty sure it was the same for her. But the whole time they had to pretend that this was the farthest thing from their mind, or that if it had crossed their mind that it was just a fact of life and not a big deal. But it was a big deal. It was maybe the most important thing that had ever happened to him. It was maybe the most important thing happening on the planet right now. He didn't know why and he didn't care. It just was. 

There was something so gripping about all the tension and aggression and anxiety between the males, and all the raw desire for the new mature female who'd just come into heat. All of the chimps wanted to mate with her right now very badly, because they all wanted to survive in the most basic sense of the word. They were all mad with the desire to pass along their genes. And they felt that way because nature had designed them in a way that made it feel so necessary and good to do that, and so unbearably painful not to. They had no choice. The new alpha was practically losing his mind because he had to mate with the younger mature female as often as possible right now when she was primed, but he also had to mate with Mahalia soon and so he needed to keep her close. He needed to keep her close because she was very beautiful and she always made beautiful babies. And in a week or so she would be in heat and her backside would be the center of the world. 

Part 4

Kate laid on her back on her towel on the grassy slope with Ellen and Courtney to the right of her and Chad to the left. He was on his side looking at her and his hand was playing with the wet grass between them. She knew she looked good in her navy blue bikini with the little sport bra top that made her breasts sit up high and full on her chest, and the tiny little bottom that showed off her hips and ass. The suit was practical and sensible and anyway she was proud of her body. Chad could look at it as long as he wanted. It was only natural and she wanted him to. 

Courtney sat up suddenly and held her knees to her chest and started talking.

"Why are you studying chimps this summer anyway? Why aren't you studying bonobos?"

Kate turned and looked up at her. Her new short hair cut really looked nice on her now that her face had some more color and her blonde dye job was growing out and you could see her dark roots. She was a very handsome girl.

"Well, for a lot of reasons, why do you ask?"

"I don't know," Courtney sighed, "I guess I just wish we were studying bonobos. The chimps are just so depressing somehow. Almost sad. I mean, why do the females just sit there and wait for the males to decide everything! Why don't they bond together and take control of the situation or something, or at least have some kind of role in it! I mean why don't they do something. And why can't we be studying the kind of female apes who don't just sit around and get dominated."

Ellen was laughing and Kate was too. 

"I know what you mean," Kate answered, sitting up and holding her knees in front of her and smiling warmly at Courtney. She really liked her and she would make an excellent graduate student. She could remember feeling just like that. 
