 Author's Notes: This is another chapter in my story about Eve. Please read the previous chapters for background on the characters and story plot before reading this chapter.

* * * * * 

After my threesome with Brad and Luke, my sex routine returned to what I would consider my 'new normal'. I had sex with Jerry 2-3 times week. I had one of my other lovers, Frank, Joe, or Steve, over for a sex photo shoot each Saturday. And my husband, Bill, and I fucked almost every night, often while discussing my sexual encounters with these other men. Bill really enjoyed hearing what I felt and thought while having sex with other men. And I was aroused by listening to Bill telling me how horny he got watching other men having sex with me.

I had expected that my first threesome would have satisfied certain sexual desires to push the boundaries and try new things. It was an incredible, erotic experience. But it lit more fires of desire inside me than it put out. By encouraging me to have sex with other men, Bill had unlocked desires I never knew were inside me. And each sexual encounter just created more desires. 

I bid my time to discuss with Bill a further relaxing of our rules. One opportunity came when Bill was to be out of town for a week of tax preparation training before the upcoming tax season. And our neighbor, my fuck buddy Jerry, would also be out of town for business.

"I can't go a full week without a good fucking!" I insisted to Bill.

"You'll have your dildo, Charlie. And Jerry will be back on Friday night. So actually only five nights, not a full week." Bill tried to placate me.

"Bill, you know that is not enough to satisfy me." I pleaded passionately. "I need a waiver of our rules. You have allowed this for Jerry. Can't we try this with others?" 

"Do you have someone in mind?" he asked as he cocked an eye at me.

Actually I did. There was a guy from my high school days who was notorious for having sex with nearly every girl in school, but never with me. He had a bad boy appeal and I heard he had a good cock and knew how to use it. I had always wondered how sex with him would feel. However, I didn't want to identify him to Bill before it happened.

"I do have someone in mind. A guy I knew in high school. I don't know if he's still in town, or even if we would want to have sex with me. I'd rather not say who he is, but if we have sex, I promise to tell you all about it."

Bill looked at me with doubt on his face.

"You really want this, don't you?" he asked.

"Yes, Honey. I do. And this is the right time." And then I added. "If you allow this, you know I will love you even more."

"Oh, OK. Just this one time and then we can discuss this more." Bill gave me a big hug and kiss. "You know I love you and trust you to only do what we agree to."

Bill left on Sunday and wouldn't return until the following Sunday. Jerry was also out of town, but would be back Friday afternoon. He and I already had a date for Friday night and all day Saturday. What a wonderful neighbor.

- - - - - 

Mitch was the bad boy of our high school. He rode a motorcycle to school each day, arriving late so everyone heard his bike roar into the parking lot. He always wore old jeans, an old t-shirt, a leather jacket, and riding boots. He had steely black eyes, and black wavy, unkempt hair. He was only about 5'10" with a lean body. But he had a certain swagger. No one wanted to mess with Mitch. And usually at the end of each day, he rode off on his bike with a different girl riding with him, her legs spread open around him. We all knew what they would be doing later, her legs still open for him.

The other things I knew about Mitch was that his dad, Mike, had a motorcycle repair shop on the south side of town. Mike was a drunk and a hard man. Mitch's mom had left them some years ago. And If I remembered correctly, Mike died when Mitch was a senior in school. Soon after that Mitch dropped out. I wondered if Mitch now operated the repair shop.

It didn't take me long searching the Internet to find 'Mike's Bikes', the motorcycle repair shop on the south of town. It was still in business, presumably operated by Mitch.

I considered calling in advance, but decided that wasn't the correct approach. I just needed to drop in on him at work.

Monday morning I dressed in a tight fitting, red T-top, a tight blue jean mini skirt, and a pair of old leather boots that came up almost to my knees. Underneath I wore a matching red bra and bikini panties. I put on heavy make-up, especially around my eyes, red lipstick, and tousled my hair. I wanted to look slutty.

Mike's Bikes was housed in an old metal building. The front had large, barn style metal doors that were closed. I entered through an open doorway on the side.

The repair shop was one large room with concrete floor, bare metal walls, and a high ceiling. A few lights hung from the exposed metal rafters. Around the room there were several motor bikes in different states of disassembly. Parts were strewn everywhere. An open cabinet held most of the tools, the other tools scattered about on the floor or on the few work benches. An older model car was in the back, near the back garage door.

Near the center of the room, in area with a bright light overhead, was Mitch, hunched down, back towards me, with a wrench in his hand as he worked upon a motorcycle. He was dressed in his usual jeans, t-shirt, and boots. It appeared he hadn't shaved in a few days. And maybe he hadn't brushed his hair for that long as well.

"Hello Mitch." I said.

Mitch turned to look over his shoulder, and upon seeing me he put down the wrench, rose to his feet and turned to face me. He didn't say anything but just looked me over, from head to foot, very carefully with those steely eyes. He smiled and nodded, as if approving what he saw.

"Do you remember me?" I asked.

"Eve. You're Eve." he replied. "One of the chicks I never had."

"You kept track of all the girls you slept with?" I asked.

"Easier to remember the few I didn't have." he replied with a sly grin on his face.

"You haven't changed much, other than your shoulders and arms are more muscular. You're looking good." I complemented him.

"You're looking pretty hot yourself. You have filled out more in all the right places." He said as he stared at my breasts and hips.

We stood about ten feet apart, studying each other.

"Are you curious why I am here?" I broke the silence. 

"Chicks come here for two reasons." he replied. "Either for me to give their bike a tune-up, or for me to give them a tune-up. And you didn't come on a bike."

"Still giving your special tune-ups to the girls?" I asked, knowing the answer.

He stared at me for asking such a stupid question.

"Is that what you want?" he asked as if to confirm my intentions. "You always avoided me in school."

"I was afraid you might hurt me. You were always so intense." I said.

"And now?"

"Maybe I want you to hurt me, just a little." By saying that, I had just surrendered control to Mitch.

I immediately wished I hadn't said that. I had no idea what type of person Mitch was. Before this morning, I hadn't seen him in years. However, at the same time, my body tingled in excitement. Maybe I was pushing the sexual envelop a bit more, maybe a lot more. There was a certain animal sexual attraction to Mitch.

"Take off your clothes." Mitch commanded me.

"Here? Now?" I was shocked by his abruptness. I looked around the workshop, the door still open.

"Yes. I work in here and I fuck in here." he said. "Take them off. Take it all off."

I realized that I had put myself here, for exactly this reason. My handbag was over my shoulder and I let it drop to the floor. I stooped down and unzipped my boots and removed them. The floor was chilly and dirty. But this was Mitch's place, and suited him well. Next I pulled the t-top off over my head and tossed it on a workbench that was close by. Likewise I removed my miniskirt and tossed it on the workbench.

I stood there, dressed only in my bra and panties, before Mitch. I had goose bumps, my body tingled all over. Not from a chill, but from the excitement of the moment. I was used to being in control, but now I desired someone to dominate me, to control me. And Mitch was that man. He continued to glare at me with those eyes, a grin still on his face.

"Take it all off." he said again.

I reached behind my back and unclasped my bra. I let it slide off my shoulders and into my hands. It joined the pile of clothes on the workbench.

"Nice tits." he said.

"Thank you." I said as I stood up and displayed my chest for him.

"And the panties." he commanded.

I turned my back to Mitch and wiggled my ass as I pulled down my panties. I stepped out of my panties and turned back towards him.

"Give those to me." He said with a gruff voice.

As I handed him my panties, I noticed how rough and dirty his hands were. Obviously working on motorcycles was a dirty, grimy job. Some amount of grease was on his hands. He took my panties and used them as a rag to wipe off his hands. He made a point to wipe off as much grease and grim as he could.

"You won't want to wear these again." he said as he tossed my very soiled panties onto the floor near some other rags.

Mitch then unbuckled his belt, unfastened and unzipped his jeans, and in one motion pulled down his pants and boxers to mid-thigh level. His cock hung there, mostly limp.

As the rumors had reported back in high school, Mitch had a really nice cock. I don't often think about 'good looking' cocks, but he had one. It appeared well proportioned, a bit longer and thicker than average.

"Get down and suck this." He commanded while holding his cock in one hand and pointing it at me.

It hit me that this was real, and somewhat intense. I was about to have sex with someone I hardly knew, and what I knew was that he was a 'bad boy'. This was his world, dirty and rough. And I had come here exactly for this. It scared me. And excited me.

I didn't want to kneel on the dirty, cold floor so I squatted down, my knees spread on either side of his legs. I took his cock in my hand, moved forward and began to lick it.

"Play with your pussy. Get yourself wet for me." he commanded.

With one hand I held the base of his cock which helped steady me. With my other hand, I was fingering my pussy. I was already wet. I was scared about this, but I was also aroused and excited.

I sucked his cock and it slowly grew. I did my best deep throating of it and I fully took him into my mouth.

"You're a good cock sucker. A really good cock sucker." He praised me.

I felt proud of my abilities. His kind words made me feel better about the situation. My fear of Mitch ebbed away.

I continued licking and sucking him. His cock became larger and harder. I hoped that soon his cock would be in my pussy. I really wanted him to fuck me, and fuck me good. But this wasn't a bedroom, so I didn't know where or how he would take me.

"Damn, bitch. That is fucking good." he said. "Are you ready for me?"

I moaned an affirmative response.

"Get up. Stand next to my bike and lean over my it. Put your tits on the seat and spread your legs." he commanded me.

I did as he commanded. I reached over the bike and found something to hold onto. My tits were pressed into the leather seat, my feet spread on the floor and my backside exposed to him.

I felt him press his cock against my opening.

"Are you using protection?" I asked, suddenly worried again.

"Do you think I need protection? Bitch!" he said as he grabbed a fist of my hair and pulled my head back. He shoved his cock into my pussy.

I winced as he pulled my hair and forcibly entered my body. He started to rock back and forth, driving his cock deeper within me with each forward thrust. While the way he pulled my hair was uncomfortable, I was quickly beginning to love how his cock felt in my cunt.

"Fuck me Mitch. Fuck me harder." I implored him.

"You want it harder? I'll give you harder." He accepted the challenge.

He let go of my hair and used both hands to grab my hips. He then used his leverage to thrust his hard cock as deep as possible. His cock filled me in a very good way. It felt so good.

"Oh that's good. Fuck me. Fuck me." I begged him. Mitch got into a rhythm and was pounding my pussy hard. We fucked for several minutes, the only sounds were that of skin slapping upon skin, and the wet sounds of a cock plunging into my hole. 

I could feel the fire begin in my pussy. My orgasm was coming.

"Damn, Bitch. You're a hot one. Take my cock." he said as he fucked me harder.

"OH FUCK!" I screamed as my orgasm hit. My body shook. I gasped for air. My cunt clenched around his cock and squeezed it hard.

Mitch stopped and held me in place as my orgasm washed over my body.

"Damn! That is one hell of a cunt. You sure squeeze tight." he exclaimed.

We stood there a moment, his cock still deep inside me. I had orgasmed, but he hadn't. I felt certain he wanted to fuck me more, and I hoped he would.

He pulled out and stepped back.

"You are a great cock sucker and a great fuck. Turn around bitch and face me."

Again I did as he commanded. He put his hands on the sides of my body and easily lifted me onto the seat of the motorbike. He and I were about the same height and size, but he had great strength in his upper body and could easily move me.

Mitch reached around my thighs and pulled my legs apart and slightly up. This caused me to lean back and I almost fell backward off the other side of the bike. I reached up and caught myself by holding onto his shoulders. He positioned his cock at my pussy and pushed into me.

"I've waited a long time for this. You're one of the best fucks I've ever had. Worth the wait." He said as he began pumping his cock in and out of me as I held on to him.

"You're married, aren't you?" He asked. "Does your husband know you are fucking another man?"

"Not exactly." I said.

"What the fuck does that mean? Bitch!" he didn't like my answer.

"My husband likes to watch me fuck other men. He takes pictures of me fucking other men. He gets off to it." I said as Mitch continued to fuck my pussy. That felt so good.

"So where is your fucked up husband photographer right now? Why isn't he here taking pictures of me fucking his sweet wife?"

"He's out of town on business. He told me I could fuck someone else while he was away." I said matter-of-factly. 

Then I added "He would love to see photos of you fucking me."

Mitch stopped cold and glared at me.

"Really? That wimp of a husband, he with the world's best fucking wife, would want to see me doing his wife?" Mitch sounded incredulous.

"Absolutely! If you look inside my purse, my cell phone is in there. We could take some photos and send them to him. Right here. Right now." I added, almost taunting Mitch to do so.

Mitch sat me upright on the bike and went to my purse and pulled out my phone. He turned it on and started the camera app.

I leaned over to side, resting on the gas tank, and raise one leg up onto the back of the bike, allowing my legs to spread wide open.

"Let me pose for a few photos, to set the scene." I told Mitch.

He began taking photos with my cell. He walked over to me and grabbed my tit with one hand and took a photo with the other hand. Then he shoved two fingers into my pussy and took a photo of that. I tried to not think about the places his fingers had been that day.

"Get off the bike and back into the position where I fucked you from behind." he commanded.

I got into that position, spreading open my legs so that my wet, used pussy was clearly visible. Mitch took one picture that captured all of me and the bike. Then he moved in for a close up of my used pussy. Next he shoved his cock back into me and took a photo of his cock buried inside me.

He handed me the phone and told me to send those photos to my husband. It sounded like a dare, as if he didn't believe my story about Bill and me. I wrote a quick text message that I was fucking an old high school friend and would tell him more later. I also sent five of those photos.

"You really sent those?" Mitch said, still not fully believing me.

"I did. Now fuck me some more and let's take some more photos." I insisted.

Mitch didn't need to hear more. He put me back up on the bike seat, facing him, and held my legs up and out as he fucked me more. I used one hand to hold onto his shoulder while still taking photos with my camera in my other hand. This was a very surreal experience.

"You are one fucking nasty bitch, aren't you?" he asked as he continued to plunge his cock into my cunt as hard and as deep as he could.

"I've been called a sex crazed nymphomaniac. But not a fucking nasty bitch. I'll add that to my list of titles." I said with a laugh and thrust my pussy back on his cock even more.

Mitch continued to fuck me for several minutes. He was working hard, likely on his own orgasm. But I didn't mind that he was only intent on his own needs. I just wanted him to have me.

"Fuck me Mitch. Fuck me hard." I said as I took a couple more photos of his cock in my cunt.

Mitch was breathing heavily. I could feel and see a sheen of sweat on his body. The smell of sweat and sex was intense. He held me firm and continued to thrust his cock into my pussy. It felt so naughty, and felt so fucking good.

Then I felt another orgasm growing inside me. It suddenly erupted.

"FUCK! FUCK! FUCK!" I screamed as my body trembled uncontrollably, my pussy squeezing tight around his cock.

"Oh Fucking Shit!" Mitch screamed as his orgasm hit.

I felt his cock enlarge suddenly and then it began pulsating as it pumped a large amount of his cum into my body. I momentarily panicked as this was unprotected sex. I was on birth control and shouldn't get pregnant, but I had no idea if Mitch was clean of STDs or not.

But what was done, was done. So I enjoyed the moment. I held Mitch close to me while we both enjoyed our orgasms. Eventually he pulled away and stood in front of me, his cock limp and covered in our fluids.

My cell phone dinged. Bill had sent a message back. He loved the pics and hoped to see more.

I showed the message to Mitch.

"Fuck!" he exclaimed. "Let's show him your well used cunt now."

I leaned to the side again, one leg up and spread my pussy open. It was covered in fluids, Mitch's cum leaking out of me. Mitch took more photos. One caught a load of cum as it dripped out of me. I sent that pic to Bill as well.

"Your one fucking nasty bitch." Mitch repeated his name for me.

While I know the name is very derogatory, I somehow felt proud to be called this by Mitch, such a bad boy in his own right.

"I need to get back to work. You should leave now." He told me as he zipped up his pants.

"Is there a bathroom where I can clean up?" I asked.

"Sorry, no bathroom here. The service station about half mile down the road has a bathroom, but it is dirtier than this place." He said and then turned back to the bike he was working on.

I stood there a moment with cum dripping out of my pussy and down my thighs. There was nothing to do but put on what clothes I could and go home. I couldn't wear my panties. So I just wore my bra, my t-top, and jean miniskirt. And let the cum flow out.

- - - - - 

When I got home I took a long shower and gave myself a good douche. I prayed that I hadn't caught anything.

I sent all the other photos to Bill. That evening he called and we had a long discussion. I gave him the whole story of Mitch and what we did together at his repair shop. I could tell that Bill was masturbating while I retold the story, and I knew he spurted cum into his hand about when I described the shared orgasm I had with Mitch.

= = = = = = = = = = 
