 Karin stretched herself out naked on the white sheets and opened her eyes slowly. The sun was just coming over the horizon and light was flooding into her tiny bedroom. Chad was already gone, probably swimming laps and doing yoga with Kate, and Karin felt a little twinge of disappointment and maybe even jealousy. She'd been planning to wake up before Chad and clean him off slowly with a warm wet towel and then take him in her mouth and thank him properly for how wonderfully he'd treated her last night and how special he'd made it.

She looked down at herself and smiled. She looked beautiful and she felt beautiful. Her breasts were full and ripe and they sat up high on her chest and bounced just right when a man put her on her back and fucked her, and her hips were wide and her ass was firm and juicy. She knew it looked amazing from behind. 

It was no wonder that Chad couldn't keep his hands off her last night, or his cock outside of her. It was no wonder he'd stayed rock hard for her practically all night long. She'd cum so many times with him inside her that she'd lost count. She was feeling rested and satisfied and eager for the day. She'd be in Kate's group with Chad and one other student today and she'd finally get to see Brad and Mahalia in person. Kate had told her last night. She needed another experienced set of eyes on the mature female chimp and the seductive young male. She was counting on Karin to be able to see things that she might have missed.

She was going to have to be careful with Chad. She could see that now. She loved his hard body, and his handsome face, and his big cock, and he was the kind of guy that if they were the same age and she'd met him when they were both in college she might have ended up dating him seriously, maybe even marrying him. They would have had a good marriage! He would have kept her very happy, she thought, blushing a little as she remembered the feel of him, heavy and hard inside her, grinding and thrusting. She would spend one more night with him and then she'd thank him and give him a long deep kiss and end it for good.

She'd expected him be a hot fuck, of course. She'd seen him take Ellen and Jess the other night when she spied on them through the gap in her door, so she knew he was hung and that he loved to drive women wild. She knew he had lots of experience. But still, she hadn't expected him to be such a skillful lover somehow, so attentive and responsive to her body and its desires. It was like he knew what she wanted before she did. They'd fucked so many different ways and he'd cum all over her three times, pumping liters of hot seed all over her stomach and tits and neck and even her ass and back and shoulder blades. Every time she was amazed by how happy it made her feel and how much she loved being covered by him like that. He was like some pagan fertility god or something the way he spewed seed all over her with his chiseled body and his square jaw and his tree root cock. She loved how thick it was and how much it seemed to fill her up and make her feel heavy and swollen inside. 

She smiled remembering falling asleep with him spooning her, and she shivered when she remembered waking up on her side with his naked shaft inside her. She didn't mind one bit. He'd treated her just right when she'd asked him to massage her, first with his hands and then with his cock, and now she owed him one. It was fine if he wanted to take her like that, while she was asleep, without even asking. He'd earned that right.

She made him stop so she could put some more spermicide in her diaphragm (she was still wearing it like she was supposed to) and then she went right back on her side in his arms and spread her legs for him and watched him ease himself all the way in from behind. She loved the way he stretched her out like that. She loved how it looked and she loved how it felt and she loved the idea of it. She was wild with anticipation to be taken from behind by him because he really knew how to do that thing with his fat mushroom head and her sweet spot. She hardly ever came from penetration with her fiancé Rick but it seemed like Chad knew a dozen positions that were perfect for it if the guy had the right technique and the girl was wet and excited and making him rock hard. She was learning so much from him and her marriage was going to be so much better for it.

She remembered him rolling over on top of her and laying her flat on her stomach and just shoving himself in again all the way and putting all his weight on top of her. He was grinding her slowly and angling the tip of his cock up toward her sweet spot while his hand reached around her and fingered her fat button until she started gushing and quaking all around him. That was a big one, she laughed, remembering how loud she'd gotten. Her mating call.

It worked like a charm. Chad had been so patient and skillful the whole night up till then but she knew he was dying to fuck her hard and raw, and when she started crying out for him there was no way he could hold himself back.

"Oooohhhhhh fuck. Oooohhhhhh fuck me. Ohhhhh fuck I love it when you fill me up like that."

"Yeah? You want me to fill you up?"

She did want him to, she had to admit, but she couldn't let him. She couldn't fuck him raw, and she couldn't let him cum inside her. But she could let him fuck her hard. 

"I want you to fuck me hard and then I want you to cum all over me, okay stud? I want you to fuck me hard with your beautiful cock and cum all over me, wherever you want."

She was on all fours in front of him and he was on his knees behind her and he was fucking her so hard she thought she might pass out from how hot and tight his cock felt sliding against the walls of her pussy and how feverish it was making her. She knew she had a beautiful ass and she knew it looked big and round and lewd in this position with her cheeks spread wide and her rose puckering for him. And she could tell how much he loved it by how thick and hard he was getting inside her and by how powerfully she was being fucked by him. She loved it this way. She had her chest and shoulders and face on the mattress now and her back was arched so that her ass was held high for him. He was driving down into her over and over. It was like his cock was the root of a tree or something and she was the moist earth and he was extending and growing and probing down into her and then drinking her right up. She was cumming for him again and she could tell that she was about to pull him right over the edge of the waterfall with her, and they were about to drop straight down into the whirlpool, foaming and white. 

There was nothing she could do to stop it. There was nothing she could do on the wide earth except quake and gush long and hard around his shaft and pray that he'd pull out and spray his seed all over her ass and back. She couldn't do anything about it. She couldn't even really blame him if he did cum inside her. She couldn't really say she hadn't wanted him to, even made him do it in a way. Her pussy was contracting around his shaft, almost squeezing it like a warm hand around an udder or something, and he was all the way inside her. She had her face in the pillow and she was screaming out for him to fuck her just like that with his big fat cock and make her his. 

She felt a wave of relief and gratitude and maybe disappointment wash over her as he pulled out of her and she felt the thick ropes of hot sperm start lashing her all over her butt cheeks and back and shoulders. He was lashing her gently with his hot seed. He was painting her all over with white hot lines in an intricate pattern all over her beautiful backside and her strong shoulders and her delicate spine. And he was groaning and gasping out over and over and her legs and ass were quaking again just from the thought of how much sperm he was covering her with, and how much her body loved it. She was getting off just on the idea of how completely he was possessing her and her making her body his for as long as she let him have it.

He collapsed on top of her and they lay there panting for a while and then she felt him get up and put his boxers on and walk out of the room. He came back in and sat on the bed beside her and started cleaning her off. She fell asleep with him washing her back with a wet warm towel. She was going to have to be very careful with this kid.

Part 2

Kate was on her knees next to Chad down by the lake trying to show him cat pose again while the sun came up in front of them and she couldn't tell if she felt good or bad. On the one hand she felt safer and calmer with him now that he was with Karin, and that seemed like a good thing if they were going to keep working together as a team. She'd already felt comfortable with him because she'd overheard him telling Jess and Ellen the other night that he wouldn't let her cross any lines with him because he admired her so much and he knew how much it meant to her to be a good professor. That's why she'd felt comfortable enough to massage him the way she had at the swimming hole yesterday, and to "massage" herself to a nice hard orgasm on the sly while she was doing it to him. She knew she could depend on him to keep it within bounds, even if she couldn't depend on herself. And now that he was with Karin she felt just a little more comfortable. Karin was the kind of older woman that could really hold the attention of a young guy like Chad, that could really blow his mind with her deep, soulful nature and her hot thirty-year-old body in its absolute prime. She was glad to have Karin around to take care of him at night and take a little of the edge off for her so she could work with him during the days.

But on the other hand Kate could feel that Chad's mind was elsewhere, probably still in bed with Karin and having fantastic sex with her, and it was driving her crazy. She wanted him here with her right now, body and mind, and it was starting to piss her off and even hurt her feelings the way his thoughts kept drifting back to Karin and her bed and her beautiful body. He was so much less tight today, so loose and relaxed through his back and shoulders and hips, and his body felt wonderful as a result. But she knew it was his night with Karin that had made him feel that way, and it was taking some of the fun out of it for Kate.

She was only four or five years older than Karin, and they were both Chad's teachers, and neither one of them had tenure. And neither one of them was really married at the moment when you really thought about it. Karin was only engaged, and she had her fiance's permission to be with Chad anyway, and who knew what was going to happen between Kate and her husband when they finally talked and she started grilling him about his affairs and he started confessing. Why should Karin have all the fun? If Karin was going to have sex with him all night long then Kate deserved to have at least a little fun with him during the long, hard work days. She deserved to have his full attention. She was going to have to tease him a little for "revenge."

Kate had her right hand on Chad's chest and her left hand on the small of his back as she talked him through the pose and helped him time his breathing. He was still having a little trouble with the rhythm and motion. She smiled to herself archly as she started scratching his chest, subtly, with the nails of her right hand, and stroking the little dark hairs on his pecs, and even touching his nipples once or twice with her fingertips. And she smiled a little wider as she brought her left hand to his backside and started squeezing his ass cheeks just a little, one after the other, and telling him to just relax and stop resisting and let himself go. He was exhaling slowly and she shifted her position and brought her left hand up between his shoulder blades and started raking her nails across the vertebrae of his upper spine. Then she reached up a little further and started scratching his neck. She brought her right hand to his stomach, and then a little lower, right over that spot between his belly and his pubic bone. She was sliding her fingers through the trail of dark curls that led down from his navel. She was marveling that he had such tight defined muscles even there, right down to the low waistline of his damp speedo. She felt his breath get smoother and stronger and she smiled inwardly to herself because she knew he was enjoying her touch, and she knew that he'd come back to her now, body and mind.

She eased him back into child's pose and then she crouched down into the same pose right in front of him so they could relax together. They were rolled up in little balls and breathing deeply and just melting into the wet grass with the tops of their heads practically touching. After a few minutes she told him to sit up and they faced each other with their legs crossed, still breathing smoothly. Chad's hips had loosened up since yesterday and he had his knees flatter to the ground, and his groin was open wider, and his pelvis was thrust toward her a little more. He was sitting up straighter and higher and looking right at her. 

Kate was pretty sure she'd never been looked at like that before, and definitely not by a student, by a teenaged guy. He was right there with her, right there in the present moment, and he was enjoying her body. He was calm and relaxed but she could see that he wanted her very badly. And he looked very sure that he would have her when the time was right. Kate looked him up and down, not trying to hide it at all, and then she looked right back in his eyes and smiled at him. She wanted to let him know how much she was enjoying his body too. And then he looked her up and down too and it felt like his eyes were burning her from head to toe. He drank her right down in one gulp, from her face, to her neck, to her full breasts in the little sport bra bikini top that made them sit up high and full on her chest, to her toned, womanly abs and stomach and hips in the tiny bottom that showed them off nicely, to the place between her legs where her pelvis was opened wide to him and thrust forward a little as she enjoyed that warm glow of happiness and pleasure.

After a while they stood up and stretched their arms over the heads, still facing each other, and then they turned together and walked back to the women's cottage to get dressed for the workday. Kate was feeling so comfortable with Chad, and so close to him, and she was wondering how far she could push the boundaries at the swimming hole later. She was wondering if she could even fool around with him a little, if it would help to ease the tension between them and help them work together as a team and get the job done. Maybe it would give Chad more confidence and make him feel appreciated and rewarded for all the hard work he was doing. Maybe there could be a few adjustments to the lesson plan, she thought to herself, almost laughing. Maybe there could be a new curriculum. Maybe Karin would "work" with him during the long cool nights, teaching him things about his body and about life, and maybe Kate would "work" with him during the long hot days, teaching him other things. 

Maybe she and Chad could wake up every morning and do yoga and then go out into the field and watch the chimps do amazing things that no one had ever seen before. And maybe later at the swimming hole, after they ate and swam and rested in the grass, maybe they could reward each other every now and then for a job well done. They were a good team. She liked mentoring him and being with him and he made her feel inspired and confident. They would make a good couple, she caught herself thinking, if he wasn't practically half her age and an undergraduate at the university where she taught, and where her shithead husband taught too. Still, if Karin could fuck him then Kate could at least make out with him and let him hold her in his arms. It wasn't that much different than doing yoga with him to help him relax and focus, or giving him a long massage in the grass, or giving him a big thumbs up when he did good job with the camera. She was his teacher and she needed to do special things with him to reward him and encourage him. He was a very special student who she was working closely with, almost as a colleague, and it made sense that they were getting more intimate with each other, mind and body, and it made sense if her rewards were more intimate too. Anyway she wanted to, and fuck her husband, and no one but she and Chad would ever know anyway.

They were walking close together, almost shoulder to shoulder, and all of a sudden Kate elbowed Chad in the ribs and started teasing him.

"You seemed a lot less stiff this morning, tiger. What did Karin do to you last night to get you all relaxed like that? It must have been something pretty special."

Chad turned to face her and eyed her curiously.

"Nice guys don't tell," he shot back, smiling.

"Is that what you are? A nice guy?"

"Sometimes."

They were walking past the little thatched roof cabana down by the lakeshore and Kate had a flash of inspiration. There was something she really wanted to do to him. It wasn't dirty or anything but she didn't want anyone else to see and get the wrong idea. They were probably the only two people awake yet and it was the perfect time. She grabbed him by the hand and pulled him into the cabana and once they were both inside she stepped toward him, slowly, still holding his hand. She stepped right up to him, right into his body heat, until she was just a few inches a way from him. She put her hands to his shoulders and backed him against the wall. Then she held his hands again. She was looking up at him and he could tell that she wanted to say something, but she couldn't make herself say it.

"What is it?" he asked her, almost whispering.

Kate rolled her eyes and blushed.

"It's stupid. Let's go."

She dropped one of his hands and turned and started leading him out of the cabana. Chad took control. It was the right moment, though he hadn't been expecting it. He held her hand tighter and kind of swung her back to him, like a dance step almost.

"It's not stupid. Tell me."

He did that very nicely, Kate thought to herself, almost gracefully. The way he shifted their roles like that. The way he reassured her and encouraged her and promised to listen with his eyes. He knew what women wanted. He was so intuitive like that. She took a deep breath and stepped toward him a little and dropped his hands. She put her hands to his chest and pushed him back a little and looked at him seriously, blushing a little too. She tried to look him in the eye but she couldn't. She looked at his hard chest instead and lowered her voice. She inched a little closer to him. She was standing right in his heat. It felt so good and so right.

"I want to ask you if I can do something, okay? But I don't want anyone to get the wrong idea, including you, okay? Can I ask you for something? Promise you won't get the wrong idea?"

Chad nodded. 

"Promise you won't laugh?" Kate pleaded, a little girlishly, and loving the way it felt to flirt with him in that new way. Then she got serious again, "And promise you won't let it go to your head? I'm still your professor and you're still my student, okay? You're my best student. My favorite."

Chad nodded again. He was playing it as cool and quiet as he could. He was letting her know with his body language and his expression that he was paying close attention and that she could ask him whatever she wanted. But he was trying not to be too passionate about it or excited even. He was trying to let her take the lead so she wouldn't get nervous, or embarrassed or think better of what she wanted to do, whatever it was.

Kate opened her mouth and started to say something but she couldn't. She dropped her head and laughed.
