 (Part 1)

LAJORIA

Day 1 10:50p.m. (school) Tuesday

Rrrriiiinnnnnggggg!!!! The school bell rung to begin first lunch and I grabbed my books and left my Calculus class. I headed downstairs to my locker then to the lunchroom. 

“LaJoria!” a familiar voice yelled up from behind. I turned around to find Tyrell Isaiah Jordan b.k.a. Black a.k.a. Rell, the school’s finest line backer swiftly walking towards me. 

“Hey!”

“Sup Black?”

“I haven’t talked to you in a long time.” he said and smiled.

“Yeah I know, and we’ve been going to this school together for I what…don’t know… three years now.” I shook my head and he laughed it off. 

“How’ve you been?”

“Fine thank you!” Awkward silence.

“Ok, well, what you doin’ Friday?” 

“I don’t have any plans if that’s what you wanted to know” I replied and cocked my head to the side and hugged my books tight to my chest to hid my hard nipples. Damn that boy could turn you on just by laying those gray on you. 

“Yeah well uh, I thought that you would come to the game and watch me play. Then,” he continued, “we could maybe hook up after the game or sumpt’n, sumpt’n.” He gave me a half smile. 

I looked deep in his gray eyes and was mesmerized. 

“Huh?” I stumbled. 

“Uh, the game Friday and sumpt’n after?” 

“Oh, yeah, sure I’ll be there, fa sho.” I smiled and he returned one with those pretty, straight, white teeth. Damn he’s so sexy.  

“Alright then I’ll see you there!” he said, winked at me, and ran off for his locker. 

I stood there with my mouth open, and watched him as he swiftly walked off towards his locker and put his books in. He turned and left for the lunch room.

Black has a very dark even complexion. Stands about 6’1” and weighs in at a sensational 260lbs. His muscular legs were slightly bow, and one of them had a long scar on it because he got hit by a car when was twelve.  I had to catch the drool that formed at the corner of my mouth before it rolled down my face.  

First Lunch 10:50 a.m.

All through lunch all I could think of was Black. How handsome he had become and how he had me so mesmerized.  Mrs. LaJoria Monique Jordan-Richardson has a nice ring to it.  My mind began to dream of loosing my virginity to him. Will it hurt, will it feel good, is he big or….

“Sup Jori,” Sarita said and slapped me on the shoulder blade, as she placed her lunch tray next to mine. Damn why’d she interrupt me, I had a good thing going.

Sarita Shipmen was a thick, with a deep carmel complexion. She weighed about 190lbs and stood around 5’11”.  She was way taller and heavier than I was. Her top half was of a small frame but the bottom half was fat. Round hips and a shapely ass that rose and fell when she walked. Never once thought I’d be looking at another girls ass, but, with that fat ass you can’t help but to look at it bounce.  

Me, I just turned 18 and I am a mere 147lbs, 5’6½”, nice round ass and hips (if I should say so myself) and thick muscular legs and calf from running track every other day after school for Mr. Hogginsbay. Sarita’s 34B bra size paled in comparison to my 36C. 

“Wasssup Sarita?” 

“Nothing girl I got the bomb ass plan fa Friday, you down?” 

“Well Sarita, Black did ask me to the football game that day, can we do it another time?” “It’s all good” she groaned “it’s all good”.  “Aaawwwwhhhh shit girl, what’s the dilly yo with you and ole’ Black huh?” She stuffing a French fry into her mouth. 

“Nothin’, girl he just asked me to come see him play and grab a burger after the game that’s all.” 

“Girl you know what that means,” 

“No I don‘t, why don‘t you enlighten me?!” 

“Don’t play dumb with me, you know he want that.” 

“Want what?” I questioned already knowing her reply. 

“That” she said pointing to my crouch. 

“Look now, don’t get mad but unlike you, every time someone asks me out don’t mean that they want pussy.” I fired, rollin’ my head and eyes at her. 

“Aahh Bitch don’t get fresh, I was just warnin’ yo’ dumb ass, cause you know he got a girlfriend name Ronda and they, from what I hear, have sex every night.” 

“Damn girl why you dissin’ ole boy like that, and anyway so what, he just asked me to a football game not my hand in holy matrimony! Why you tellin’ me this anyway?” 

“I don’t reveal my sources, but any who just be careful,” she warned and stuffed two more fries into her mouth. 

We ate and put our trays on the conveyer belt. Sarita and I went outside and that is where she revealed to me her source after an unscrupulous grilling. 

“Alright, I’ll tell you!” She took out a cigarette and started smoking it. 

“Well it was the year before last and he asked me to a football game.” she began. “I thought he liked me and wanted to date me but I found out later that he didn’t.” I could see the hurt in her eyes when she started to continue. “After the game I followed the team into the school then there he was kissing and clothes burning with Ronda outside of the locker room. I ran out side,” she continued “I was so hurt, but by then it was too late.” She hung her head down. 

“Why were you mad girl he only asked you to go to the game, not to go steady.” I said without thinking, thinking to myself that she was really overreacting about this. Then a tear fell from her eye. 

“Do you remember the baby I told you I put up for adoption?” she asked and looked her tear filled brown eyes into mine. Her stare sent ice through to my soul. 

“Yeah I remember…are you saying that…” 

“No,” she blerted “ I’m just telling you to be careful, that’s all I’m saying.” she said and sniffed her nose. 

“Girl why didn’t you tell me?” 

“Tell you what, there’s nothing to tell. Look we can talk about this another time, just remember what I said and don’t tell no one about this.” I promised and the bell rang to end first lunch. 

1:17p.m. (school)

In my English Lit. class I was truly disturbed about what Surita had just told me. It ran through my mind like my track team around the field. The thoughts were so loud that I didn’t even hear Mrs. Jackson call my name.  

“Ms. Richardson,” she yelled at the back of the room. It startled me. 

“Yes Mrs. Jackson?” 

“I need you to take these papers down to the office and wait for them to be signed and bring them back to me.” 

“Yes Mrs. Jackson,” I got the papers and left her room for the office. Walking down the hall to the office I didn’t hear someone sneak up behind me. 

He grabbed my waist with one arm, lifted me up, and put his hands over my mouth to muffle my screams. He carried me towards the steps. Scared out of my mind, I didn’t know who he was or what he was trying to do so I began buking and kicking. 

“Jori it’s me, it’s me,” Black said in order to stop me from kicking at his shins. He put me down and grabbed my hand. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” I was so mad at him I could spit in his face, until I saw his face that is... He brushed the scuff marks off the bottom of his perfectly starched pants. 

He is so FUCKIN’ FINE!!! His hair fit his face so right. It was jet black, thick and wavy, cut in a short afro and lined so perfectly. His skin so dark chocolate I could lick his face. “What the fuck do you think you were doin’?” I asked and punched him in the arm. 

“Ouch! I said I’m sorry, damn.” 

I straightened my shirt and pulled my skirt back down. “What?” I asked pretending to be aggravated. 

“Come here” he said pulling me towards the stairs. 

“Come where?” 

“Over here, I wanna show you something!”  His tug got harder and almost tripped me. 

Curiously I followed him to the bottom of the stairs to where the old and empty band room was. 

“Now what?” 

“Now this,” he said and plugged his mouth over mine. Scared, I tried to push him away but he was too strong. I dropped the papers that Mrs. Jackson gave me as he backed me against the wall.  For a moment I was kissing him back, I ran one hand through his ’fro, the other hand went on his waist. I’ve always wanted him in more ways than one but fear got the best of me. He wrapped one arm tightly around my waist and grinded his erect middle against my leg. With the other hand, I felt him lift my shirt and then my bra. His big hand squeezed my tit until it hurt. Oh my God, what is he doing to me, my pussy’s tingling? He found my nipple and rolled and squeezed it between his first finger and thumb until it stung.  His breathing became hard and loud through his nose. His lips felt like they were on fire on top of mine, everywhere mine went his followed with precision. I pulled his hands off my tit not yet able to remove my mouth from under his. He pulled my skirt up and grabbed my ass cheeks tight as he rocked his steel erection against my leg again. 

Things were moving too fast, my head was whirling. I had to get out of there before things went too far. When I managed to break free from his mouth…

“STOP Black!” I yelled almost to the top of my lungs. 

He stopped flooding my face with kisses and removed his hands from under my skirt. I pushed his arm from around my waist, slapped his Hershey chocolate face, picked up the papers I dropped, and ran upstairs. I looked back at him and he was rubbing his face staring up at me. I left him downstairs as I ran to the office. 

When I got into the office the secretary gave me a weird stare. I gave the secretary the papers and she left the room. I looked at myself after she left and realized why she gave me that awkward glare. While I stood there waiting for her to return I tucked my shirt in and adjusted my skirt.  I could still felt my pussy tingling and my titty stinging from his rough hand. I sat down and rubbed my leg where Black’s protrusion jabbed against it. 

“Here you go LaJoria.” the secretary said and handed me the papers. 

I thanked her and left the office. When I returned to the class I passed Black in the hall. 

“You still comin’ to the game Friday right?” I walked past him like I didn’t even hear him.

I entered my class room and closed the door. 

2:20p.m. (after school)

Sarita caught up with me at my car and we started to drive off. 

“Watch out!!” Sarita yelled as Black jumped out in front of my car. 

“What the fuck you doin’?” 

“Jori please, can I talk to you?” 

“NO!!” I sped off.  

“What was that about?” 

“He felt me up in the basement and I smacked him!” I fumed.  

“Wwwhhhaat?” 

“Yes! He felt me up and I smacked his ass.” 

“I told you to be careful with him.” 

“I know Sarita… but damn…” trailed off. Silence.



“You still going to the game Friday night?” 

“No, I don’t think so. I think I have to work.” 

“I’m goin’, It’ll be fun, please come with?!!!” 

“I don’t know Sarita, I have to call work to see if they need me ‘cause you know Fridays be jam packed.” 

“Please Jori, I don’t want to go alone.” she begged. 

“You can go watch Antwon play since you like him so much and maybe the two of you can hook up.” 

Antwon Lamar Taylor b.k.a. Twon was the star quarter back and a fine one at that. He had long hair, much longer than mine, it went all the way down to his back that he sometimes wear down, majority of the time it’s was in braids. He was slim and stood about 6‘4“ tall and weighed 190lbs. He had a vanilla complexion with freckles and a lanky build. He looked as though he should’ve played basketball more so than the football.

“Jori come on, you know Antwon don’t even know I exist.” 

“Well, what about Jay, you can hook up with him!”

JaVarius DreMond Hayes b.k.a. Jay was a line backer, like Black. He wasn’t ugly, but he didn’t stand on the same platform as Black and Twon. He had a low cut fade. He stood about 6’ and weighed 244lbs. He wasn’t dark like Black but his skin was much darker than Twons. He had light brown eyes and a unibrow. When we were in grade school Twon and Black use to call him the Mask because he had a long face.  

“What ever Jori, if you don’t want to go then say you don’t want to go!”

“Well Sarita, like I said I don’t know. To tell you the truth, I don’t want to ever see Black after what he did to me in the basement today.” I turned at her street and parked in front of her house. 

“Thank you!” she yelled as she jumped out the car, I’ll call you at 5:30 to see if you can still go with me.” 

I blew my horn in acknowledgement and drove home. 

5:36p.m. (home)

I answered the phone, “Hello?”  

“So do you have to go to work Friday?” Sarita asked. 

“Yeah Rita, I’m sorry.” 

“Yeah I’m sorry too!” she added. 

“Why don’t you come in Friday too, you could use the over time?” 

“Yeah I guess so, now that I don’t have anyone to go to the game with and you know I don’t want to go by myself.” 

“Ok?” 

“Alright,” she said reluctantly. 

I hung up the phone and took my shower. I couldn’t help myself but to reminisce about Black touching me. How his strong hands touch my sexual parts and made me mad horny. I stood under the hot stream of water and started washing up. The heat of the hot water turned me on. I ran the towel over my pussy and it tingled up my spine. I dropped the towel and attacked my pussy. My clit ached for some action ever since Black groped me after lunch. 

I ran big circles around my clit. My hips gyrated on the flicker of my fingers and I began climaxed. The water from the shower head beat upon my breast helping to bring me to my peek. I thought of Black’s big hands on my titties as I came. My cum rocked me so hard with waves of pure ecstasy I almost fell to my knees. I finished my shower, did my hair, got dressed, and picked up Sarita for work. 



LASHAUNDA

Tuesday (After school) 6:55p.m. LaShaunda’s kitchen

“Come on now stop moving, so I can finish your hair!” I barked at AnTwon sitting between my legs on the floor as I braided his hair. 

“I AM being still, you hurtin’ me!” he cried. 

“Do you want me to finish or not?” I questioned him pulling his hair and turning his head so he could face me. He had a mean glare. “Alright then. You need to cut yo hair if you this damned tender headed.” I continued braiding. 

AnTwon’s hair was long and auburn, and reached well below his shoulder blade. He had freckles and fine hair like his moms, she was a white, red headed older lady. He had a bit of his dad’s fiery attitude in him too. His dad was black but, his skin color was so light he could easily be mistaken for white. He had strong facial features like his dad, and his goatee made him look damn good.  Occasionally he, Black, and the rest of his friends go to the gym to work out. 

Black and I was long time friends ever since he moved next door to me when we were in sixth grade together. He was always over our house, especially in the summer time. Janet, my mom, loved Black like a son so he was like family and could enter the house anytime he wanted to.  When we were in middle school and he and his step father got into it, he would stay with us for a couple of days. It was kind of fun to have someone else around besides Janet and I. I’d see him and Twon together all the time in school and around the block. When they weren’t together he’d come over and sit on my porch and we’d talk about my friends for hours.  In 11th Black and I shared the same home room class and I asked him to hook me up with AnTwon. He finally did after almost seven months, and so far we’ve been together for the past eight weeks, off and on.  

“You finished yet?” 

“No but let me finish this one braid and then you can get up for a minute.” I continued braiding until I felt his hands on my thigh. 

“You know we haven’t done it in a while, what do you say we…” he trailed off as his hands traveled up further up my thigh. 

“I told you we can’t, not right now.” I pushed his hands down.  

“Why not, you raggin’?” 

“No, I’m still hurtin’!!” I braided the last braid tight so he can feel what I was saying. “Damn Shauny, you ain’t gotta to braid so hard!” he barked and stood up. 

“Sup y’all” Black sang as he entered the kitchen. 

“Sup Black!” Twon and I said simultaneously. 

“Was sup?” 

“Yo dog, I need to holla at you ‘bout sumpt’n!” he said and they both looked directly at me. 

“I ight I get the picture!” I , rolled my eyes, and walked out the kitchen.

I walked out on the porch and saw Ronda in Black ‘s car. At first, Ronda and I were good friends, that is until she found out Twon and I were going out. Now we’d speak and have cordial conversation.  Her and Twon used to go together until Twon caught her sucking Black’s dick on the side of the school building. Black and Twon didn‘t talk for weeks after that. But you know, I had to talked to Black and he apologized to Twon. It was all good after that.

“Hey Shauny,” Ronda called getting out the car. 

“Hey! What y‘all doin‘ over here?” I replied giving a fake smile. 

Jay was in the back seat and got out too. He leaned on Black’s car and waved to me. I waved back and smiled, a real smile. He still looked good to me!

Jay and I use to date back when we were in the eighth grade. We broke up because I saw him kissin’ a girl named Jalisa on the playground. I kicked her ass after that incident too, and he still wanted her! 

“Nothing girl, you know Black , he have to stop and speak to everyone he knows on the way to somewhere.” She stepped up on the porch. 

“AH YEAH?” 

“Yeah, we goin’ to the block party over my brothers house. We just picked up Jay and he came to see if Twon wants to go.” 

“AH FA REAL!” I knew nothing to say. Silence… 

“COME ON SHAUNY!!” I heard Twon call. 

“Well I’ll see you later Ronda!” I returned and was happy to be leaving her presence. I gave Jay a wave good bye, he winked and smiled those pearly whites at me. He had some sexy lips, the top lip was a little bigger and darker than the bottom. I must say, he had changed a lot since the eighth grade. His braces were gone and he did comb his hair daily.

“See y’all later!” Black called and skipped out the house. 

“Yeah Twon?” 

“Come on Shauny, and finish my hair cause I gotta go!” he spat and sat down in front of the stool. 

I finished his hair and he drove his jeep off to the block party I guess. We don’t ever go anywhere together anymore. The only time I get to do something with him is at a game or when I waited for him after practice. 

Shauny’s den 11:44p.m.

Twon came rolling in at quarter to twelve, reeking of alcohol and weed. When he entered the house, he knocked over the end table and scared me shitless. Janet didn’t mind if he’d stay with us if he respected the house rules. No drugs of any kind in the house at all was the main one. 

“Be quiet Twon, you making too much noise.” I spat at him. He walked over to me and stood in front of the T.V. 

“Move Twon!” I barked and scooted over to the other side of the couch. 

He jumped in front of me again. 

“What’s wrong with you boy, move?” 

I looked in his face and saw a familiar gaze. A gaze I shall never forget. His eyes went from my face, to my tits, then to my legs. He’d subtly lick his lips then it was over.  “I got yo boy!” 

He swiftly grabbed my arm and forcefully yanked me off the couch. 

“STOP TWON!” I screamed for I knew what was next to come. He snatched me out the den, and down the hall to my room. 

“NOOO!!! TWON PLEASE!!!” I begged and cried. I grabbed hold of the wall for support but he was too strong. 

He picked me up and slammed me down on the bed. I tried to scoot away, I pulled the covers and bed but he grabbed hold of my sweats. His long manicured nails scratched me down my sides as he pulled my sweats down my legs. I kicked, hit, punched and screamed at him to stop, but she still managed to pull my pants completely off. 

“TWON DON’T, PLEEEZZZZEEEE!!!!!!” I cried through tears of pain still kicking him and pulling at the bed. He dove on me and violently held me down. He dug his knee between my legs to pry them open. 
