 My ears were ringing a bit as I stepped out into the street. The cool air felt nice against my skin after being packed on the floor, pressed against strangers, sharing sweat and breathing in the musky smell of a hundred writhing bodies. As uncomfortable as it was being packed into the space with music blaring at me through the speakers a few feet from my face, I have to admit I found it incredibly sexy. All those random anonymous arms rubbing against me, hips bumping into me, hands grazing my ass and thighs. 

It was a little after 12 when the show ended and the crowd spilled out onto the pavement onto an otherwise desolate street. A fine mist had begun to descend on the city and the idea to start searching for a cab quickly entered my slightly drunk mind. The friend I had come with met a guy inside when we first went in and they had been flirting throughout the show. As we got to the door to the street, my friend leaned in and whispered "Hey, I think I'm gonna head back with this guy, ok? Will you be alright getting home on your own?" I turned to look at her and then stole a glance at the guy who was following behind her closely, looking anxious to hear my answer as though he and my friend needed permission.

"Sure, I'll be fine," I said to her, and then whispered to her with a sly smile, "Have fun."

She smiled back with the same devious look and headed off in the opposite direction with her new-found man. As they walked away I watched as he placed his hand on the small of her back, sliding it down to her ass.

Seeing this made me feel a little disappointed to be heading home alone. Why hadn't anyone checked out my ass? Recalling what I looked like as I took one last look in the mirror as I left home, I was looking hot. My tight-fitting black top with the plunging neckline that dipped inches from my navel, the tight denim skirt that stopped dangerously close to the bottom curve of my ass, the black strappy heels that scream sex. Considering all of this, I began to think back if I had seen anyone at the show I had even wanted to go home with. I had glimpsed a few potential victims, but no one worth pursuing. I resigned myself to the idea that I was going to have to put my vibrator to work tonight.

I turned the corner and started walking uptown, hoping I'd see a cab on the way. I wasn't the only person from the show who had this idea – groups of loud, drunken 20-somethings trickled up the street behind me. Suddenly, I spotted a cab coming down the street in the opposite direction. The light changed just in time as I ran across the street to grab it. As I got to the door of the cab, someone else reached for the handle as well. I looked up into a pair of chocolate brown eyes peeking out from behind tousled chestnut hair. We both just looked at each other for a moment, speechless.

He smiled and asked, "Where are you heading?"

"Umm… I'm going uptown… the west side." I stuttered a bit, overwhelmed by his caramel-coated voice.

"Me too. Would you mind sharing it with me?" He grinned slyly now.

"Sure," I replied, returning the smile. I stepped back to let him into the cab, hoping to catch a glimpse of his ass on his way in, but he insisted I go first. I wondered if he was being chivalrous or if he had the same idea I did. I climbed in, letting him get a good look if that's what he wanted. He followed me into the cab as I told the driver where I was going. The guy pulled the door closed behind him and the driver drove off.

We sat there silently for a few minutes. I tried to get a better look at the rest of him out of the corner of my eye – an olive green t-shirt with a red star printed on the front, slightly baggy jeans, green suede Adidas. I could also see that he was staring at my thigh. I looked over at him and he did the same. We smiled shyly and turned away from each other. 

"What's your name?" he asked.

"Dahlia. You?"

"That's pretty. I'm Jeremy."

The cab got quiet again. His left hand was resting on the seat inches from my thigh. My skin was burning – I wanted to feel his hands on me so badly. I started to slowly slide my legs open so that my right thigh could just barely touch his fingertips. From the corner of my eye I could see that Jeremy had noticed what I was doing. He looked down at his hand touching my thigh and then looked up at me to see if it was intentional. I looked down at his hand too, which was enough of a sign for him to let his fingertips travel up onto my thigh. His whole hand pressed against my skin, wrapping around to my inner thigh, and squeezing gently. I was mesmerized by his hand on me. I wondered if– no, hoped – he would discover the dampness developing inches from his fingers. I put my hand on his and encouraged him to move up to the wet, aching opening between my legs. I let out a muffled moan the moment his fingers grazed against the silky crotch of my panties. His fingers slipped beneath the fabric, dipped inside me and then circled the opening with the slick juice that was practically dripping from me at this point.

He began sliding back and forth along the lips and rubbing my clit as I reached over to reciprocate. I could feel his hard cock pressing eagerly against his jeans. The cab hit a pothole as I unzipped Jeremy's fly. I reached in, releasing his throbbing dick from his pants. I glanced quickly at the cab driver to see if he was watching us, if he could see what we were doing, but he seemed pretty focused on the road ahead of him. I looked over at Jeremy, looking into his eyes, watching him as I leaned over to take him into my mouth. I swirled my tongue around his thick, fleshy cock and began bobbing my head up and down, sucking mercilessly. I could hear him moaning softly, trying hard to keep himself from being heard. I started moving faster and I could tell it was getting more difficult from him to silence himself. With my right hand I could feel his balls tensing up. And then, suddenly, I felt him cum shoot straight at the back of my throat, warm and sweetly sour. 

I picked my head up from his lap and looked up at him, carefully wiping my lips. We were about a block from my apartment. I squirmed, pulling my skirt down, while Jeremy tucked his dick back into his pants.

"Right here is fine," I said to the driver as I dug into my purse for a $10 bill. He pulled up to the building and Jeremy and I looked at each other. "So, are you gonna come up?" I asked, grinning.

"Of course," he replied, "I'm nowhere near home."

"But I thought you said you lived up here too?" I asked, confused.

"I lied."