 Part 1

Kate couldn't sleep. She felt awful about herself and about everything that had happened yesterday. She felt awful about fooling around with Chad and letting him make her cum with his hand like that while she was smelling him in the thatched cabana after yoga, and about the way she'd let Mahalia trick her by going on safari with the clever young male chimp a little sooner than she'd expected, and even about the way she'd used her husband and his body for distraction and selfish pleasure and maybe even revenge last night, turning around on top of him and shoving her ass in his face and slamming it down on him hard even though she could tell she was hurting him. She'd even bent his cock backward a little at one point because it gave her a better angle. She shook her head remembering beating him on the back of his head when she was finished and wanted him to get off her right away. 

She could always rationalize what she was doing in some messed up way. That was one of her gifts, really, and one of her biggest flaws too. She could always use her reason like that to explain herself, no matter how impulsively she was acting. But there was no point denying it. She'd been insane the whole day.

She thought about taking a sleeping pill but decided against it. She needed to think things through. She needed to sort out all the vague, ungovernable feelings that had been swirling around inside her ever since the trip started. She needed to figure out who she was angry at, and who she loved, and who she hated and why. A few weeks ago she'd been ready to mate with Brian in the true sense of the word, to join her body to his as intimately as possible for two people and make a baby with him. But now she didn't really know what she wanted.

Or she did know what she wanted, but she couldn't quite believe it yet. She was pretty sure she didn't want to mate with Brian anymore, at least not anytime soon. And she was very sure she wanted to have sex with Chad, probably more than a few times, while she was alone with him for three or four nights in the cloud forest high in the mountains. She needed to figure out why, and what she was going to do about it. 

And to make things worse she needed to figure out pretty much the same things about the chimps too, especially about Brad and Mahalia, or her whole career would go up in smoke. She needed to figure out what made them tick when they partnered off like that, despite the age and status difference between them, or maybe because of it, and slipped away into the forest together. 

That was why she'd become a primatologist. That was the attraction and the mystery. In her entire life Kate had never met a single primate—the human ones included—who wasn't ruled by their desires in some way, by their partner's if not by their own. Even her typical, suburban, affluent parents in Pasadena back in the nineties, right at the beginning of the tech boom, with their long sexless marriage, and her father's business trips practically every week, and the fights and tears and seething bitterness from her mother whenever he came back from certain places. 

She'd known about their unspoken arrangement at some level the whole time she was growing up but she'd only figured it out consciously when she was in her late twenties, and suffering from extreme writer's block, and finally got herself on the couch for some serious therapy. She'd finally figured out that her handsome, successful, charming daddy was the kind of man who needed to be pleased by many women, in many different places, and that he was allowed to live that way as long as he loved his wife and daughter in the way that mattered the most to her mom. As long as he gave them the best house and clothes and schools that money could buy, and went to the really important parties and galas with her mom and was his charming, attractive self, and as long as he was careful and discrete so that his daughter would never know the truth. That was the deal. 

And that was why the atmosphere in her house had always been so tense and charged that it made Kate feel nauseous and jittery every time she walked in, but especially when she came home from college. And that was why she'd always been so fascinated with chimps, who were ruled by their desires and fears in just the same way as her parents, but with so much more honesty and directness in their own primate way. And that was why she had fallen head over heels for Brian as soon as she met him, and clung to him like a barnacle to the side of a big rock or a whale or something.

She was sitting cross-legged at the lake looking out over the wide dark water toward a horizon full of radiant stars. She'd been tossing and turning in bed and she was afraid Brian would wake up (she didn't want to talk with him yet) so she walked down to the shore almost without realizing it. The air was crystal clear and the moon was directly over her head—a blazing crescent, sharp and white. She could smell the mountains and the forest behind her.

She was thinking about the millions of strange fishes swimming beneath the surface of the water, in the shallows close to her, and in the dark, almost unfathomable depths at the center of the lake, right where it met the sky. It was one of the oldest lakes in the world and one of the deepest too, formed tens of millions of years ago, and the fish that lived there, the cichlids, were some of the strangest creatures on the planet. They were bright and intricately patterned, more like ocean fish on some tropical reef, and there were hundreds of different species of them living together in a single lake, and each of them had evolved unique behaviors for feeding and reproducing and protecting their young. They didn't live in any other lake on the whole planet. Life was so various like that. It could take so many forms. 

She was thinking about how in the forest behind her lived a species of primate who shared 98% of her genes, and who were her closest living relatives on earth, but who remained complete puzzles to her, even though she'd studied them seriously since she was a girl. And she was thinking about how every one of the billions of bright or faint stars in the vast sweep of sky above her head could be another world, a sun at the center of a distant solar system, with a hunk of lava, and rock and gas orbiting it at just the right distance so that life could take hold there too, and other creatures could evolve, infinitely strange. 

Kate sat there thinking about all of these things until her brain felt like a tight knot. It was like her brain was a big knot someone had tied inside her skull, and the ends of the rope were coming out her ears, and God or the universe or whatever was pulling the ends of the rope tighter and tighter until she had a searing pain in her forehead and a vague sense of anxiety and terror in the pit of her stomach. She sat there feeling like that for maybe three or four hours, maybe longer, and then all of a sudden the knot pulled a little bit tighter, and then somehow, almost magically, it slipped right open. She felt calm and free. The sun was rising and the clouds at the far horizon were glowing red, like warm coals. 

Kate knew what she had to do. She stood up and walked straight over to the mess hall and made a big pot of coffee. She grabbed the pot and two mugs and walked to her tiny bedroom in the women's cottage. She sat on the edge of her bed and watched Brian sleeping on his side. He looked so beautiful and fragile in that position, like a young boy, with his head cradled in his own arm and his knees pulled up toward him a little. He was older now than when she'd met him but he was still very beautiful, maybe more so even. He was still strong and masculine looking, so powerful in the chest and shoulders. But he was covered all over with soft gray hairs, and his face and limbs were softer and more voluptuous too. He reminded her of certain older alpha chimps who grow beautiful in just that manner. She loved him so much it made her chest ache when she looked at him like that—like a beautiful primate. He was so natural and pure in his own way.

He was also just like her father. She knew that for a dead certainty now, and she'd felt it in the back of her mind for years, like a vague, nameless dread. He was the kind of man who would always need to be pleasured by many women, not just one. She didn't hate him for it and she didn't even blame him. But she was pretty sure that she couldn't be his wife, and she was almost positive that she couldn't have his children. She'd have to become too much like her mother to do that. It would mean killing off the best parts of her.

She didn't know what she was going to say to him, but she knew that whatever she said would be the whole truth. She'd try her best not to hurt him.

She reached over and shook him by the shoulder, looking down at him with sadness and real affection as he opened his eyes, and stirred himself awake, and tried to remember where he was and what was happening in his life.

Part 2

Brian was in a daze. It had all been so quick and clean and unexpected, like getting your head chopped off by a guillotine.

At first it felt awful. He'd wanted to throw up. She woke him up and let him drink a little coffee while she asked him how his head felt and apologized for being so insane the night before. Then she took a deep breath and started talking and the more she said the more he felt like he'd been kicked in the stomach and was about to vomit. She told him that she'd picked Chad as her partner for the mission to find Brad and Mahalia, and that some stuff had already happened between them, and that she couldn't make any promises about what might happen when they were alone together in the mountains. She could see how badly she was hurting him and she was sorry but she needed to be honest. They had to tell each other the truth. She hadn't meant to do things with Chad, but she'd felt hurt and angry and confused, and things had happened, and now she had feelings for him. 

She told him that she knew that Elise had not been his first affair, not by a long shot, and that neither of them believed she would be the last. Neither of them believed it because it simply wasn't in Brian's nature. That was the way he had to behave, and the way that he was going to behave, because that was simply his nature. He was the kind of older, high status male with strong physical desires that overpowered his will, and with a lust for life in all its magnificent variety, and with the brains and physical appeal and charm to get pretty much whatever he wanted from whoever he wanted. He was the kind of male who would always need a variety of females to satisfy him, on a rotating basis.

She didn't hate him for it, or blame him for it, or anything like that. They were both primatologists for crying out loud! Neither of them believed for a second that there was anything particularly natural or necessary or even morally right about the ideal of lifelong monogamy between a man and a woman or any of that crap! Both of them knew that there were hundreds of ways for primates to live and mate and form groups together that were good and right for them! Life was so various like that. She didn't blame him.

But she couldn't be his wife under those conditions either, because it wasn't in her nature. She needed to give herself to one man, body and soul, and she needed him to do the same. And she didn't think Brian could change. She didn't think he could be that man. She knew it was terrifying and she could see how much she was hurting him but she had to be honest. It couldn't be a lie. She would always love him and support him if he would promise to be honest with her right now. She wanted to ask him two questions because it would be better if she knew the answers. 

Brian nodded. It was like he was in a trance or something. The first question was whether Elise was the only student he'd had sex with since their marriage. The second was whether he really believed she would be the last. Brian was kind of watching himself from the other side of the room in amazement as he looked at Kate and shook his head slowly to the first question, almost without meaning to, and then kept on shaking it. It felt terrifying but in a messed up way it was a relief at the same time. He was short of breath and his heart was racing but he was relieved all the same. She was the person who knew him best and who loved him the most and now she knew the truth. She wasn't blaming him or screaming at him or even judging him or anything.

Part 3

Chad was headed for the mess hall when he saw Elise and Sanjana and Pamela walking toward him in their short running shorts and their tiny bikini tops in different bright colors and patterns. They were all looking right at him and striding toward him in the way that would display their breasts and stomachs and hips for him to their best advantage, showing him how swollen and full and shapely they all they were in their own beautiful ways. Chad was thanking God or evolution or whatever it was that had made the world this way, with so many infinite varieties of the female form. 

He was looking at Sanjana's breasts, and thinking how much he wanted to oil them up with his big hands and squeeze and rub them all over, but especially her big nipples with the wide dark areolas (like Karin's) that were so womanly and fertile looking. And he was looking at Pamela's chest and picturing her flat on her back with his cock driving deep up inside her while her long nipples stood up on her tiny tits like two obscene red flower stamen or something, practically calling out to him to keep doing what he was doing because she was a beautiful flower, full of sweet nectar, and she was ready for him to drink her up. 

Elise saw him looking and she turned aside and walked over to him until she was right in his heat. She looked up at him with her pale blue mischievous eyes and her little upturned nose.

"Have a good time with Professor Morgan, okay stud. She's counting on you. Do a good job for her keeping her safe during those long dark scary nights in the big bad mountains."

Chad smirked at her and she smirked back. It was too bad he didn't get a chance to fool around with her a little more before he switched over to Ellen, and Jess, and Karin, and now even Professor Morgan. That was the problem with variety. Elise was a very interesting female and she made his cock very hard. She did funny things to his brain the way she teased him and got under his skin like that with her innuendo and her chest and ass and her whole way of carrying herself.

"I'm so glad we'll have big strong Professor Phare to check in on us at the girls' bunkhouse. We'll be so bored and lonely now that Kevin's gone."

She pushed her breasts together with her arms and pouted for him, bending forward a little.

"O well. I guess we'll find some way to amuse ourselves. Maybe we'll play some tricks on Brian when he checks in on us during those long dark nights. Maybe we'll have a little fun with him. I know he likes me, and I told the other girls all about his big professor cock and how good it feels when he fucks you with it. Ask Kate about it, stud, she'll tell you everything you need to know about what's going on here."

Part 4

Brian was walking across camp to find Roger. He'd just said goodbye to Kate and kissed her on the cheek and watched her put her pack on her shoulders and turn and follow that kid Chad Berwick up the green slope toward the mountains. It was all so fucked up, he thought to himself, and yet in a fucked up way it also made perfect sense. 

Chad was the strongest and the smartest and the most determined of the students and he would give her the best chance of success. They were attractive qualities in a mate. That's what Kate was going to do with him in the mountains, when you really thought about it. She was going to mate with him. She was going to join her body to his, and give herself to him completely, whether she knew it or not, because that was her nature: to give herself like that to one male at a time, for as long as it made sense. 

She was going to the cloud forest to mate with Chad in exactly the same sense that Mahalia was going to the same place to mate with her young male. Not that Kate would get pregnant and have a baby with Chad. Not that. Probably. Not on purpose anyway. But she was going to mate with Chad all the same, to bond with him as closely and deeply as two primates could. Once she'd set things in motion by starting a physical relationship with him, once she'd done that, there was no other way for the story to end for a woman like Kate living and working in close quarters alone with a guy like Chad. He wondered when her last period was, and whether it was a bad time for her, and what kind of birth control she had, if any. He wondered if she was ovulating and that had been a factor in her "choice." 

It was all so fucked up and yet it made perfect sense. He couldn't sort it out. Part of him felt like he'd just gotten his head chopped off and part of him liked it. Kate knew him better than anyone, better than himself maybe. There was no denying she was right. He was the kind of man who would always need a variety of women to please him, a harem with one of every kind of female he liked best.

He was going to try to find his old friend Roger and see if he had a bottle of scotch or rum or anything strong, and if he could talk him into taking the little fishing boat out to the center of the lake and getting well and truly loaded. 

He looked up and saw Elise walking toward him with two other girls he maybe recognized from one of his classes last year. They were walking shoulder to shoulder in a line and each of them was wearing a pair of tiny running shorts and a tiny bikini top in a different bright color and pattern. The skinny Asian girl was wearing a green top with stripes and he could see her long nipples sticking out at him on her tiny chest. And the curvy Indian girl was wearing a white top with pink flowers and her full breasts were hanging out of it a little and bouncing nicely. And Elise's top was pale blue with little white polka dots and her tits looked fuller and rounder maybe than the last time he'd seen her, but they were still sticking straight up to the sky, and her pert nose was too. The three of them were like varieties of cichlids, each specially designed to be a different shape and size and color to delight his eyes.

Elise walked over to Brian, right up close to him, and looked up at him with that half mischievous half innocent expression that did such funny things to his brain. 

"Professor Phare! I'm so happy to see you!"

She reached up and put her hands around his neck and stood on tiptoes so she could give him a big kiss on the cheek.

"I'm so happy you'll be looking after us while all the other grown ups are in the mountains. It gets so frightening sometimes just the three of us alone in the girls' bunk house at night."

She turned and looked at her two friends over her shoulder. They smiled and laughed, arching their eyebrows at each other.

"We get so bored and restless. Sometimes we have to bring Kevin over to entertain us. We would ask Chad to protect us and keep us company at night, he's so much bigger and stronger, not to mention hotter."

She turned and shot a look to her friends again and they all busted out laughing.

"But, well, you know, Chad's busy taking care of business at the women's cottage most nights."

She shot him a wicked look, arching her eyebrows and flashing her eyes and making a little dreamy face like a woman who'd just been truly satisfied. Then she put her finger to her chin and made her eyes real big and played the innocent again, like she'd just thought of something really interesting.

"That's probably why Professor Morgan chose him as her field work partner! He's such a hard worker! He can work hard all night and be ready to work hard again first thing in the morning! Well, bye!"
