 Part 1

Kate woke up alone in the tent with the birds calling all around her, almost shrieking. She was wearing her loose sweatshirt and nothing else. Chad had gotten it for her in the middle of the night after they made love to each other a second time and drifted off to sleep again. She was going to have to be careful with this boy. She could see what Karin meant now. 

They'd only been together for one night and they'd already given in and let their bodies do what she'd been fantasizing about in vivid detail for the last week and a half. She shivered a little remembering how desperately he wanted to finish inside her and the way he kind of pleaded and argued with her and even ignored her and shook his head when she told him it was too risky. It was so crazy and intense the way he kept thrusting along with her, a little harder and deeper. 

She appreciated that he made sure they were at a relatively good time in her cycle before they both gave in, and it was sweet they way he explained it to her and reassured her. But she wasn't some bubble-headed teenager! She knew there was no such thing as a truly safe time for a guy to let himself go inside her like that, as deep as he could get, and fill her up like that, twice in one night, especially the week before she was ovulating. It was probably fine but it was most definitely not safe. It was only their first night together and she'd already woken up with her pussy fucked wide open and full of his sperm! She needed to be careful. She was the grown-up in this relationship. 

She caught herself thinking the word and then realized how strange it sounded. But that's what it was, really. They were in a relationship now, even though he was half her age and she was his professor and she was still married, technically. She was the grown-up and she had to make sure it didn't get too out of control. She had to make sure it ended well for both of them. She couldn't have wild sex with him like that anymore, at least until they got back to camp and found some proper birth control. She couldn't just let go and fuck him raw like that the whole time they were alone in the mountains together!

She was pretty she could find some other ways to satisfy him, though, and she was pretty sure he was going to love them. She wanted to get started bright and early this morning so they could head straight into the cloud forest to find Brad and Mahalia without being distracted all day. She arranged her sweatshirt on her shoulders just so and ran her fingers through her hair to work out the tangles and give it some more wave and volume. 

She smiled to herself remembering how it played out the second time she fucked him. She woke up with her head resting on Chad's chest and her leg thrown over him. She drank in his scent and before she knew it she was scratching his chest with her nails and working her way down his stomach and his dark curls until she felt him stiffen at her touch. She loved the way his balls were still firm and round for her. She couldn't keep her hands off them!

Somehow or other she ended up on top of him with his cock inside her again while she thoroughly enjoyed herself, trying every position and angle she liked best: placing her hands flat on his lower abs and bouncing straight up and down on him, leaning forward over him and riding him hard and smooth with her hips with her nipples in his mouth, leaning back with her hands on his knees and swirling her pelvis in tight circles while he watched her breasts swirl too and her tights abs working hard for him. That was the position that made him hardest and longest, apparently, and she loved it too. She loved the way it felt every time their pubic bones clicked together and their dark curls tangled together and brushed against each other. And she loved it when her clit started rubbing against the base of his cock or maybe his pelvic bone. Whatever it was it felt amazing. 

That was the position that really did it for both of them and they made love that way for what seemed like an hour. It ended with both of them cumming hard with their eyes wide open and looking right at each other. They were breathing fast. They were making little sexy gasps and moans for each other so they'd both keep doing exactly what they were doing. So they wouldn't even think about stopping or even changing the tempo because it felt so good and they needed to just ride it out. They needed to just ride it out because she needed to have his cock inside her when she came for him because it would make her cum harder and it would drive him wild. It would drive him completely wild and before long she'd feel his cock start pulsing inside her, and feeling fatter and hotter just like she loved it, and longer too so he was giving little kisses to her cervix with his plump crown. 

She'd be swirling her pelvis for him so smooth and slow and his cock would be pulsing inside her and she'd be cumming all over him and coating him with her oils. She'd be coating him with her oils and pretty seen he'd be bathing her insides all over with his sperm like it was fine ointment or lotion or something. He'd be shooting inside her and his seed would be splashing against her cervix. It would push her right over the edge and she'd have another orgasm, a different kind, all through her body and deep down in her core, right on top of the first one. 

And that's just what they did. They did it raw and smooth and passionate just like that and Chad came gallons inside her and Kate loved every second of it. She wanted to do it with him just like that over and over for as long as it made sense. For as long as it was still safe. Which it definitely wasn't. She felt cold after they finished and she asked him to get her sweatshirt from outside and he did it for her right away. He even helped her put it on. 

Now it was morning and she could hear him making breakfast on the little stove outside the tent. She sat up and arranged her sweatshirt just right. She unzipped the tent and crawled out on her hands and knees to say good morning. He wasn't wearing a shirt and his hair was wet and she could tell that he'd already washed himself in the stream. He was leaning over a pot of oatmeal and stirring in some brown sugar with a big spoon and it smelled delicious. 

She walked over to the flat rocks they were using as chairs last night and sat down on the nearest pile. She spread her knees wide and watched him until he noticed her, and noticed that she wasn't wearing her shorts, and that she was already red and swollen and moist. 

"Come here," she said, a little huskily.

She needed to be very careful with him. How many days could sperm survive inside her? And weren't there reasons a woman could ovulate a few days early? Like if she was under stress or something? She'd always been so bad at keeping track of those things, so put off by it. But she knew it wasn't truly safe and she needed to take the edge off.

Chad dropped the spoon, and stood up slowly, and walked over to her, almost sauntering.

He was standing right in front of her looking down at her so pleased with himself and she was looking up at him with her big brown eyes with a little sparkle around the edges. She was smiling up at him and unbuckling and unzipping him and everything else, taking her sweet time.

She laughed to herself thinking that Chad was in for a real surprise. He knew her mostly as the demure professor in her glasses and pantsuits in front of a lecture hall but now he was about to see a different side of her. Now her long auburn hair was all messy and wavy from sleeping half naked with him in the little tent all night, instead of in a tight bun the way she wore it for lectures. It was hanging past her shoulders and he was about to see a whole different side of her. She loved to please a man with her mouth, and she was very skilled at it, and she always did an amazing job. Brian had encouraged her to learn how to do it properly when she was still a teenager and she'd always be grateful to him for that. He taught her how unbelievably hot and satisfying it felt to have a man filling your mouth all the way, and he taught her lots of tricks for how a girl could use her tongue and lips and teeth to make a guy all thick and hard, and he taught her how to relax her throat once she got him that way, and breathe out through her nose so he could feel her hot breath in his curls. 

Chad was in for a surprise all right. She smiled up at him and parted her lips and brought his fleshy crown right up close to her. She stuck out her tongue a little and started swirling it just so. She needed to take the edge off and keep it safe for both of them.

Part 2

Brian was standing at the toilet with his cock in his hand pissing gallons. His head was pounding and he was trying to piece together the night before. He was leaning against the wall to keep from falling over.

He remembered Elise giving him a glass of water and maybe even a pill at some point. The sun was up so it must have been morning by then. And he remembered waking up a little later with Elise naked on her knees in front of him, worshipping his cock just like he taught her to, bathing it from balls to bulb with her little pink tongue. She was such a good student. She had good instincts, and she enjoyed her lessons, and she paid close attention to all the right details. She had an indescribable freshness and purity to her, a genuine youthful beauty that took his breath away sometimes, with her blond hair and her pale blue eyes and her radiant skin. Her smallish breasts that were shaped like no others he'd ever seen. They were surprisingly full and round and they were growing more and more womanly by the week. And at the same time she had a dirtiness to her that made him rock hard every time. 

After a while she stopped pleasing him with her mouth and crawled on top of him and took him inside her. She leaned back with her hands on his knees and started grinding him slowly, so lewdly, with her blond pussy hair jutting out to him and then grinding back down on him. She rode him just like that until she could feel him about to explode inside her and then she just smiled mischievously and kept riding him, leaning forward over him and rubbing her sweaty breasts all over him. She knew how a man liked to finish. She knew it felt hotter and more pleasurable and more fulfilling when a man's seed went right where it was designed to go, right up inside her. He'd told her lots of times and she was a very good student.

Yeah, he laughed to himself, it had been quite a night and quite a morning and it was going to be fun times at the lake for the next few days with Kate and the other women away. He'd finished pissing and he was standing in the middle of the common room now stark naked with his cock sticking straight out in front of him. Elise must have slipped him some Viagra or something. She was a very naughty girl that way.

He wondered where Sanjana and Pamela were. He could remember Sanjana giving him a pretty decent blow job on the couch before he passed out. She had definite potential, and she had big soft breasts, and he was looking forward to working with her closely. And he remembered how dirty little flat-chested Pamela looked getting herself off with her hand on the floor

He noticed that the doors to the other two bedrooms were open a crack. He walked over to the nearest one and looked inside. Sanjana was sleeping stark naked on top of the white sheets. She was on her side rolled away from him with her big round brown ass perfectly displayed. Nice, he smiled to himself. He backed away quietly and went to the other door to see what other delights he might find. 

He pushed the door open quietly and peered in. Pamela was stark naked on her back with her eyes closed and beads of sweat on her forehead and her hand between her legs. Her tiny tits were bouncing a little and her red nipples were long and stiff and her tight stomach muscles were clenched. He could see every one of her ribs. He stood there watching her and stroking himself for a minute, maybe longer. 

He groaned out, lost in his pleasure and in his brave new thoughts. There were going to be some changes around the Phare lab when he got back to Chapel Hill. There was going to be a new curriculum. He was going to be rich and famous now that his new book about the dominance gene was such a runaway success and the university wouldn't say shit about anything he did if he kept the grant money and the prizes and the newspaper articles flowing. They wouldn't say a thing if every one of his postdocs and graduate students and undergraduate students was a beautiful young woman, all the varieties that pleased and delighted him, and if they all lived in his big house, each of them with a tiny bedroom of their own. And they wouldn't say a thing if he gave lessons to all of them on a rotating basis, every night, teaching them things that would make them better playmates, and better women, and maybe even better scientists too. They were training to be primatologists after all! They needed to understand the power of the alpha. They needed to understand it with their whole minds and their whole bodies.

Part 3

After breakfast Kate agreed that they would make a base camp on the little bluff where they slept last night and explore the cloud forest by day. It was right on the edge of the forest and it was high enough to keep them out of the heat and humidity and insects at night. It would be better for sleeping. It was a smart idea. Chad was resourceful like that. 

It would be a better place to store her samples too. She told him her idea to collect urine specimens from Brad and Mahalia and bring them back to her lab in Chapel Hill to check their stress levels. She told him her new theory about "consortship mating," about why mature females like Mahalia choose to go on safari with young males like Brad much more frequently than younger females do. Her idea was that they were more relaxed and receptive when they were alone with a younger male who took good care of them, with lots of food and grooming and calm interaction, and that as their stress levels went down their fertility went through the roof. So "consortship mating" was probably a big advantage to the mature female during one of her last opportunities to pass on her genes. It gave her a much better chance of conceiving. And she was near the top of the female social hierarchy, so she had enough rank and status and popularity to get away with it! 

The idea had come to her when she was drifting off to sleep after the second time Chad fucked her. Her hypothesis was that "consortship pairs" like Brad and Mahalia were responsible for a much higher percentage of pregnancies and births among chimps than previous scientists thought. And she even thought it was possible that an unusually high proportion of alpha males were born from such arrangements. Either way, it was almost like the mature females were the real decision makers when it came to the all important question of which genes were passed down to the next generation, and which traits were selected for. Even more shockingly, it was almost like all the tension and violence the alpha male used to maintain his dominance was actually a disadvantage! That it made the females less fertile. That it was being selected against over and over every time a female like Mahalia slipped away with a male like Brad!

"Smart lady," Chad drawled, looking right at her admiringly. Kate dropped her head and blushed.

She still needed to demonstrate it experimentally, but all the evidence so far pointed in the right direction. She showed Chad how to use a pipette to collect urine from leaves and grass and how to seal it properly in a test tube and store it in the padded cooler. She put him in charge of carrying it and keeping it safe and dry.

"You're carrying my whole career in that thing, okay tiger?" she reminded him.

They climbed down into the valley and looked for signs of Brad and Mahalia. It was hard work in the humidity, and they couldn't see very well in the early morning mist that was still pouring off the dense foliage. It was like another world in the cloud forest with the oversized leaves hemming them in all around and the high canopy full of buds and birds and lizards that she didn't know the names of. But before long Chad spotted a nest high up in the canopy and fresh prints leading off toward a stream. Kate couldn't believe her luck! It was a large forest and she expected it to take maybe a couple days to find them.

They walked quietly toward the stream. They didn't want to be too quiet because they didn't want Brad and Mahalia to think they were trying to sneak up on them. They'd be on the alert for that. The other males in M Group might form a patrol to hunt for the pair. But they didn't want to make any sudden noises either. They just needed to walk toward them calmly and let themselves be identified as humans, the boring kind who like to sit on their haunches and observe and take notes. All of the chimps in M group were used to that kind of human and they all pretty much ignored them.

Kate parted the leaves in front of her slowly and what she saw made her heart ache. It wasn't Brad and Mahalia. She should have known that. There was only one set of prints leading off from the nest but she'd been too excited to look closely. There was only one set of prints but there were two chimps: a mother and an infant, still young enough to be carried around on his mother's belly almost all the time, clinging to her tightly.

He was maybe a year old, and he was hanging from a vine upside down and making sweet noises at his mother while she used a short, thick branch to crack nuts on a rock and feed them to him, one by one. It was painstaking work but she did it so skillfully and patiently. She held the thick branch in her hands, just so, and pressed down on the nuts carefully but firmly until the shells split open. Then she picked up the soft insides in her fingers and held them up to him in her palm. He devoured them greedily, still hanging from his feet, and then hooted at her for more. He was adorable and the mother was obviously in love. She kept reaching up and tickling his belly and batting him from side to side gently while he clung to the vine and made happy excited noises. She was doing it to amuse him so he wouldn't get in the way while she was trying to prepare his food. But she was also doing it to help him grow up faster, to make him strong and agile in the trees. She would have her next child before long and the bond between them would loosen. She had lots to teach him before then if she was going to be a successful mother.

Kate looked over at Chad. He was looking at the mother with an expression of curiosity, and sadness, and maybe even reverence. Kate had a pretty good idea what he was thinking. He was thinking of his own mother, and missing her, and wishing that she had been as dedicated and capable as this one. And she knew exactly why her own chest was aching. She'd been so ready to have a baby with Brian. It was the right time in her life. She realized that now. It was the right time and she wanted one very badly. 

She reached over to Chad and scratched him gently on his back. He looked at her and smiled. They both stood up and walked deeper into the forest.

Part 4

I need to get my fucking head examined, Brian thought to himself. He was taking the kids over to a little cove he knew for a day of snorkeling and sunbathing and probably all kinds of sex and he was still nursing an epic hangover from all the vodka and weed last night. First thing I'm going to do when I get back to Chapel Hill, he told himself, is to hire the best shrink I can find, maybe Karin's fiancé, and get my head thoroughly examined until I figure out what the fuck is wrong with me.
