 I used to date Sharon about 5 years ago. We stopped seeing each other when she decided to move from New York to Los Angeles to follow her company in their move across the country. We had kept in touch only for a short while as our lives got busier. I am now 38 years old, 6 ft tall and 190 lbs. I have short brown hair and I try and keep myself fit by going to the gym several times a week. Sharon is also 38 and 5'6" tall. She has 36C breasts and has a slim but curvy build. She has dark blonde hair and gorgeous hazel eyes.

 I was checking my Facebook page and I noticed that Sharon had found me and requested to be my friend. I approved the request and sent her a hello message. To my surprise, she was already logged on and we started a conversation. I found out that Sharon was back in town visiting her family and she asked if we could meet and chat about old times. We set a date for the next night which was Friday.

 I remembered where Sharon's mom lived and I showed up at 7. Sharon answered my knock and when my eyes met hers it was like the 5 years never occurred. She looked amazing! She said hello, and gave me a soft kiss on my lips and walked out the door and headed to my car. I gazed upon the most perfect ass a woman could have, as she walked to the passenger door. I opened the car door and she slid inside. 

 I drove us to a nearby club where we used to go to drink and dance. Upon entering, Sharon said, "This place hasn't changed a bit. It's like I never left." Sharon and I found our favorite booth to be empty and we sat down across from each other. We talked and got to know each other again over a couple of drinks. I asked Sharon to dance, and we stayed on the dance floor for several songs. The last song was a slow number, and we danced close enough so I could take in the scent of her intoxicating perfume. 

 We wnt bact to our table and sat down in our seats to finish our last drink. Sharon slipped her foot out of her shoe and slid it up and down on the inside of my upper leg. That used to be her signal to me that she was in the mood for some lovin' and it was time to leave. I payed our bar tab and we headed back to my car.

 When we got inside my car, Sharon leaned over to me and said, "I want to relive some really good memories." Then she leaned over and kissed me. Sharon and I always had fantastic sex. We experimented with dozens of positions, and there were no holes barred. Knowing what was going to be coming my way, my cock began to grow in my jeans.

 Not a word was said between us during the quick drive to my apartment. When we arrived at my place, I shut and locked the door behind us, and I grabbed Sharon by the arm and pulled her to me. I kissed her passionately, our tongues meeting for the first time in several years. I led Sharon to my bedroom and I slowly undressed her, my hands gliding over her hot, very fit body. When I removed the last stitch of fabric from her body, I stood back and admired her. Her tits stood out proudly with only a very slight sag. Her stomach was still flat and her pussy was totally shaven, just as it had been when we were dating. Sharon was smiling at me as I took in her beauty and she said, "Like what you see?" All I could do was nod in agreement.

 Sharon asked, "Are you planning on getting undressed, or are you just going to stand there ogling me?"

 "You're just so beautiful." I muttered. "Much better than I remembered." I undressed quickly as she watched me. When I removed my underwear, my 8 inch cock bounced in front of me, hard as stone. 

 "I see you still keep yourself clean." Sharon said, Speaking about my shaved scrotum.

 "I've done it ever since you first shaved me." I replied. Then Sharon came over to me and lightly scratched my balls with her well manicured nails. She massaged them in her hand and knelt in front of me.

 "I've missed sucking on this beautiful cock." Sharon said. "I want to taste your cum." Sharon continued to squeeze my balls with her left hand and began to stroke my aching cock with her right. Her fingers didn't quite make it around my shaft as she pulled a drop of clear fluid from the tip of my cock. Sharon licked it off and kissed around the purple head. She got me slick with her saliva then took me into her warm mouth. 

 Sharon sucked on me slowly, remembering the way I liked it. She hit all the right spots with her tongue and she knew that she was driving me wild. Sharon drew my cock deeper into her mouth, and finally I was in her throat. She worked her throat muscles around the head of my prick and the suction she applied to the rest of my cock brought me over the edge. My cock began to spasm and twitch, jets of hot cum flooding her mouth. Sharon squeezed my balls and shaft, milking me of as much cum as she could. She let my cock slip from between her lips, and as she looked up at me with her hazel eyes, she swallowed my semen. "Delicious as always." she said.

 Sharon stood and kissed me, and I tasted my cum on her lips and tongue. I laid Sharon down on the bed and I crawled between her legs. It was my turn to relive some memories and I looked down at Sharon's pussy. She was already wet, and her labia were swollen and glistening with her juices. She smelled clean and the smoothness of her skin was exciting. Sharon slipped two fingers between her labia, and the French manicured nails looked amazing against the bright pink of her pussy. She let out a moan when my tongue dipped inside of her. My god did she taste sweet!

 I licked and sucked on her lips and played with her pussy with my tongue. I was avoiding her clit, and she tried to move her hips in order to try and make contact. Sharon started to rub her clit with her fingers, but I pushed them away. After a few minutes more of my teasing, I licked at her hardened clit lightly, and moans escaped from Sharon open mouth. I looked up at her and saw that her eyes were tightly shut and her hands were gripping at the sheets. After a couple more licks, I slipped my lips over her clit and sucked hard. Sharon's hands moved to my head and pulled me in closer to her clit. Her breathing was getting faster and shallower and I knew she was close. Seconds later, Sharon began to convulse. I had a difficult time keeping contact with her clit during her orgasm. Quite a bit of her cum seeped from her pussy, and I tried my best to lick up all of her sweet juices. What I missed oozed down to her ass and dripped onto the bed, making a pronounced wet spot. I moved up and kissed Sharon and we rested in each others arms.

"That was fantastic!" Sharon said in between breaths. 

"I always enjoyed eating that gorgeous pussy of yours." I replied. "Your juices are still very sweet."

After about 20 minutes of resting and making pillow talk, Sharon lowered her lips to my soft cock. She sucked me to hardness, and when she let go of me she said, "Now fuck me with this beautiful cock."

 Sharon rolled over onto her back and I aimed my revived cock at the entrance to her pussy. I slowly slid inside, and when I was fully buried in her velvety cunt, I stopped all movement and said, "I've missed you very much. Your pussy is just as I remembered it. You feel amazing."

 "I've missed you and your cock too. Fuck me....please fuck me." Sharon said.

 I started to thrust in and out of her slick pussy. Sharon was still tight, and she got hotter the deeper I went. I looked down and watched her full tits bounce in time with my thrusting. I took the pink nipple of her left tit into my mouth and sucked on it. When it got stiff, I did the same to her right nipple. I was fucking and sucking on Sharon for 10 minutes when she said, "I want to be on top."

Sharon and I switched places. She took my cock into her soft hand and put the swollen head at her pussy. Sharon slid down my cock in a single stroke, and her ass rested on top of my balls. She put her hands onto my chest for support and she started to slide up and down on my aching cock. Every now and then Sharon would grind her clit on the base of my prick, causing her to moan loudly. Sharon bounced on my dick for 20 minutes, her orgasm building and finally taking over her. "Oh shit I'm cumming!" Sharon exclaimed. She arched her back and dug her nails into my chest as she came. She ground her pussy on me, her cum flowing down my balls and causing another wet spot on my bed. 

 Sharon climbed off my throbbing cock and rubbed her puffy pussy lips."You didn't cum." she said.

 "No, not yet." I replied.

 "What are you waiting for?" Sharon asked.

 "Your ass." I answered.

 Sharon laughed and got on her hands and knees at the edge of the bed. I stood behind her and stuck my cock back into her slick cunt to get it slippery. When I placed the tip of my manhood at the tight entrance of her ass, Sharon stopped me and said," No one has been in my ass since you 5 years ago. Please be gentle and go easy."

 "I will. Let me know if it hurts." I replied. I slowly pushed my cock into her sphincter. When I got past her tight ass ring, I stopped and asked Sharon if everything was ok?

 "It hurts a little. Just go slow." Sharon said. I spit down onto my cock and slowly pushed my way deeper. I was surprised, yet happy that no one else had enjoyed Sharon's beautiful, firm ass since we split up. I took her ass cherry many years ago, and it felt like I was doing it all over again.

 When my cock could go no further, I asked Sharon how she felt. She replied,"I missed having you buried in my ass Babe. I feel so full of your cock right now. Start out slow and I will tell you when to have at it." I started out slow and easy, making love to Sharon's ass. I spit on my cock again to keep it lubed, and my thrusts got a little faster. "You feel sooo good." Sharon moaned. "Go ahead and fuck my ass, Sweetheart."

 I needed no further encouragement from Sharon. My balls were slapping against her wet pussy, as I stopped making love to her ass and started to fuck it. Sharon's hand moved to her clit and began to rub it, and she occassionally let her hand go back further to tickle my balls. I was slamming into her ass hard and deep and she was furiously rubbing at her pussy and clit. Sharon's butt was tight and her colon was super smooth. I watched my cock fuck her ass and the visual as well as the intense feeling was overwhelming. "I'm gonna cum!" I yelled. 

 "Cum in my ass Babe!" Sharon demanded. "Fill me with your hot cum!" Seconds later I grunted and shot ribbons of cum into Sharon's rectum. My cock spasmed over and over as I continued to thrust in and out of her. "I..I'm gonna cum too." Sharon yelped. Sharon rubbed her clit faster and then she loudly came again. Juices flowed down and coated the insides of her legs.

 I withdrew my softening cock from Sharon's well fucked ass. Her hole was gaping open and I could see some of my cum pooled inside. "My god that felt good." I said.

 As Sharon laid down she stated,"Mmmm, that was good. I needed that badly." After a few minutes of rest to catch my breath, I started a hot shower and Sharon and I soaped each other as we kissed. As the hot water cascaded over our bodies, Sharon asked, "Are you seeing anyone?"

 "No, not for a while." I answered. "Why do you ask?"

 "I have an opportunity to relocate back here and I really miss you and getting fucked by that wonderful cock of yours." Sharon stated. "Would you be interested in getting back together?"

 "Hell yeah!" was my reply. With my hands resting on Sharon's firm ass, I pulled her close and kissed her deeply. "Welcome home and back into my life. This is where you belong."

 Sharon and I spent the rest of the weekend fucking and making plans for her return. In about two weeks she will be back for good and life will be better.