 Part 1

Kate woke up to the sound of rain pelting the roof of the tent. Chad was curled on his side with his knees drawn toward him and his head resting on her breast, snoring deeply. She'd been having the strangest dream! She held Chad a little tighter to her and stroked his back gently with the tips of her fingers, trying to relax and remember. Her heart was still racing!

She shuddered a little as the details returned to her. They were back at the hotel in Dar es Salaam and she was on all fours in front of the sliding glass doors with the ocean and the stars spread out in front of her and Chad behind her thrusting. Her breasts were hanging down below her and swaying and she was rocking backwards to meet his thrusts. Her backside was slapping hard against his pelvis and she was grunting and gasping and calling out his name.

"Ohhh god . . . ooohhhh Chad."

The surf was breaking gently in front of her, white and foaming, and the stars were blazing and her whole body was pulsing and glowing. She was reaching for him with her tail and trying to hold him in deeper and give her a better angle.

"Awwww Kate . . . awwww Jesus."

He was all the way inside her and his cock was thicker and longer than she'd ever felt it. She had her eyes closed so she could concentrate. It was like nothing she'd felt before. It was almost like she was kissing and licking and sucking him with her sex and holding him just where she wanted him. White waves were breaking all through her body and she could feel little pricks of starlight burning her skin all over. He was massaging her cervix and she was coating him with her oils and pretty soon she felt his hot cum bathing her insides.

"Awww Kate . . . Awww Jesus."

She looked up and saw a dark round disk hanging low in the sky and she knew it was the dark moon, the new moon, and Chad was filling her with his seed. She was so excited! She tried to sing for him again but this time it came out different and strange:

"Hooot hooot hooot hoooooooooot"

Kate looked down and saw that her arms and hands were covered with thick, dark fur. She woke up in the tent with her heart pounding.

What was that all about, she wondered, as she turned on her side toward Chad and tried to cuddle up in his heat. She wanted to be close to him, to be held by him, but his knees kept getting in the way. She pushed him over onto his back gently, careful not to wake him. The sun was just over the horizon by now and the rain had paused and Kate's heart skipped a beat when she saw him stretched out on his back, stark naked, bathed in pale light. He was a very beautiful guy, and she cared about him deeply. She cared about him in a different way than she'd ever cared about a guy before. She couldn't figure it out. On the one hand she felt responsible for him, like she wanted to take care of him and maybe even help him grow up a little, and on the other she felt this raw sense of reckless lust, like she wanted to screw him exactly how she wanted for exactly as long as she wanted and screw the consequences for either of them. 

She wanted to climb on top of him right now, in fact, and she thought about it for a minute, trying to remember where she hid the condoms last night. He was semi-hard already and when she reached her hand down she couldn't believe how wet she was. She wondered if it was just her imagination or if her fluids felt thinner and more slippery this morning.

It was messed up but it made sense when you really thought about it. Just because she was divorcing Brian didn't mean that she'd suddenly stopped wanting to have a baby. She wanted one very badly! She couldn't turn her desires on and off like that, with a switch or something! And she was alone in the mountains with a very attractive mate who she cared about sincerely, and who she loved having sex with, and who was obviously very fertile. He was a very good candidate to give her what she wanted most in life right now, at least part of her: a big belly, round and full, and then a healthy baby with lots of successful genes. That's why her body responded so powerfully to his signals! The way he smelled, and moved, and the sparkle in his eye when he put her on her back and took her that first night in the tent. 

Kate was on her back now with her hand still between her legs. Maybe her fluids did feel more slippery. She held her fingers to her nose to see if she smelled different too. But she was so unfamiliar with her own scent, really, that there was no way of telling. She couldn't be sure but she thought she was maybe a little saltier and sharper. It was almost the new moon, after all, and she might be ovulating a little early. That would definitely help explain how horny she was feeling! She wanted to wake Chad up right that second and have hot sex with him before the workday started. 

She was all set to roll over on top of him when she remembered the condoms. She didn't feel like talking about all that complicated stuff right now: asking him whether he knew about them and kept it secret the first night when they had unprotected sex and he came inside her twice. What did it matter anyway? They barely knew each other a few nights ago. What did it matter if he lied? She thought about waking him up again but he looked so peaceful sleeping there, like a child almost. They were both tired and could use a little extra rest. They had a long day ahead of them. 

She couldn't wait to get to the cloud forest and find the chimps again! She was feeling so confident and excited about her research. She knew with a dead certainty that it was all going to work out perfectly! She was going to prove her hypothesis about Brad and Mahalia with evidence that no one could refute, and she was going to write it up in an argument that was so persuasive and logical that no one could deny it, including Brian, and it was going to knock everyone on their asses! She was going to get tenure, and buy her own house, and have a bigger lab with a bigger budget, and then . . .

Kate stopped herself, stunned by the strangeness of the thought. And then . . . she was going to have a baby. She couldn't understand how automatically it had come to her as the next item on the list, like it was inevitable. But why should that be strange? It was the most natural thing in the world for a woman her age, a woman at her peak. She would be an amazing mother! Anyone could see that. She could do it all by herself if she wanted to. She almost laughed out loud as soon as she thought it consciously. Maybe she should kill two birds with one stone up here in the cloud forest. Maybe she should use the long, hard days to collect all of the data and evidence she needed to get to the next level in her career, and maybe at night she and Chad should eat and talk and relax together and have sex in the tent, and maybe, just maybe they should make a baby together too. She couldn't believe she was even thinking about it! It was too crazy, even if it was just an idle fantasy. Or maybe it was better that way. Maybe it was better to think it consciously, and fantasize about it too, instead of pretending she wasn't feeling it. That way they wouldn't get surprised and carried away by their desires.

She couldn't wait for her work in the field today and she couldn't wait for after dinner tonight. She was going to ask Chad about the condoms, and she was going to tell him about her dreams in vivid detail, and there were going to be fewer condoms in the morning for sure. 

Kate's hand was between her legs and she was fingering herself absently as she remembered another dream, from earlier in the night. They were in the hotel bed and the mattress and the sheets felt cool and plush against her back and Chad's cock felt incredible all naked and fat inside her. He was looking down at her and his blue eyes were pleading and she was nodding up at him and pulling her knees toward her chest and tilting her uterus up toward him. 

Part 2

"Ahhhhhhhhhhh," Brian groaned out loud. "There's nothing like some twenty-year-old pussy and a good hard fuck first thing in the morning," he thought to himself, looking down at Elise. She was curled up in a ball on the mattress with her knees to her chest and her snatch tilted up to him so he could plunge his whole length straight down inside her. 

Jesus this little stuck up preppy girl knows how to fuck a man right, Brian marveled, not for the first time. She was a real blast, in fact. She was just the thing to take his mind off Kate and the collapse of his marriage. She was gasping and grunting every time his balls slapped her ass and her blonde hair was spread wide on the white sheets. Her pale skin was flushed deep red and covered with a thin sheen of sweat. They were both on the edge.

"You like fucking my pussy?" she asked him, rolling back on her shoulders and spreading her legs a little wider. "You like fucking my pussy with your big professor cock?"

"Ahhhhhhhhh" Brian gasped out in pleasure, nodding down at her smugly.

"I bet you do, you dirty old bastard," she teased him, her smallish breasts shaking and jiggling as he picked up the pace. "I bet you like fucking my tight young pussy."

"Ohhhhhh fuck," he cried as she wrapped her legs around him tight and pulled him deep inside.

"And I bet you liked fucking Pamela with that big cock last night too," she chided him, "I bet you liked it a lot. Be a good professor for me this morning and I'll make sure you get some fresh pussy tonight. Okay? Be a good professor and fuck me hard and I'll get you any girl you want."

"Ohhhh fuck me," he groaned, lost in his pleasure.

"Maybe you can fuck Ellen," she purred to him, raking his back with her nails and squeezing her legs together hard. "She's pretty serious about that girlfriend but I bet we can get her hot enough to cheat. Would you like that?"

Brian nodded down at her, sweat dripping from his forehead and all over her chest. Her nipples were long and stiff and he bent down to taste them, savoring their salty plumpness.

"Or maybe you can fuck Alex," she teased him mercilessly, her pale blue eyes glinting. "I saw you looking at her plump little British ass in her bathing suit yesterday and I know you liked it. I know you like the married ones. I know you like it when they spread their legs for you so you can make them cum over and over with your big famous professor cock."

Brian was fucking her wildly now, pulling all the way out and then plunging straight down in.

"Did you know that Roger is going away tonight? Did you know he's going to the village for supplies and he won't be back until the morning? Maybe I can convince her to go snorkeling with us today. Maybe she'll wear a bikini this time. Maybe I can talk her into partying with us tonight and we can get her drunk and high and have some fun together. Would you like that?"

"Ohhhhhh fuck . . . Ohhhhh yes."

"Ohhhhh Brian," Elise gasped for him, doing her best imitation of a posh British accent. "Ohhhh Brian . . . Ohhh fuck me . . . Oh fuck me hard with your big fat American cock and make me cum with it."

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh," he groaned long and loud as his balls contracted and emptied inside her. He collapsed on top of her, both of them still breathing hard and laughing. 

Elise was a real blast, for sure, but he could never be serious about her. She was just what he needed to help him get over Kate but she was all wrong for him in the long run. No, what he needed eventually was someone older, and a little less wild, and a little more like Kate. It was a shame she couldn't handle his cheating in the end because other than that she was perfect. Yes, he needed someone pretty much exactly like Kate, but a little more yielding, more feminine even, and maybe a little younger too.

Part 3

Karin stretched herself out in her sleeping bag listening to the birds sing in the canopy above the tent and remembering her conversation with Courtney from the night before. They were good friends by now and she felt comfortable opening up with her. She was surprised at first when Courtney came right out with it asked her why she'd cheated on her fiancé with Chad. But it felt good in the end to talk about it. She told her all about her "bucket list" with her fiancé Rick and how Chad had been the only real guy on it. Courtney wanted to know why. She wanted to know what it was about Chad that made him so irresistible to girls. Was it really just the alpha male thing? Was it really just the broad shoulders, and the square jaw, and the ripped stomach, and the big cock. She wanted to know about his big cock in particular. She wanted to know how it made her feel.

Courtney was just like a guy, Karin laughed to herself. Rick wanted to know all about Chad's big cock too. One time when they were having sex and he was asking about him again Karin mentioned what she'd overheard in lab that day. It was the end of a long session and Elise and her friends seemed to have forgotten that she was there. She overheard them talking about Chad and about how he'd slept with one of Elise's sorority sisters that weekend. She said he was hung like a porn star! Karin had never seen Rick so excited as when she told him! His face was bright red and she could see the veins popping out on the sides of his head. He was thrusting into her like a maniac and she thought he was going to pass out from the rush of blood to his brain.

Why did he find it so thrilling? And why did she find it so thrilling too? She tried to pretend otherwise with Courtney, but neither of them was convinced. She tried to tell her that it was no big deal, that it was even kind of tiresome, like you were obligated to act amazed by it, and worship it, and tell him about it all the time. But in the end there was no denying that Chad had rocked her world with that big cock of his. 

Sure, part of it was just the excitement of being penetrated by someone other than her fiancé, and with his permission, sort of. And part of it was the fact that Chad was very sexy, and he'd been with lots of women, and he'd mastered the fine art of thrusting, among other things. But part of it was definitely the raw surprise and rush of being filled up so completely and fucked so very, very hard. She'd never cum so hard in her life! 

She wondered how her fiancé would take the news when she got home and told him the details. If history were any guide it would probably drive him mad with lust! They would probably get off to it for months, hell, for years, for the rest of their lives together maybe! 

The only time she'd seen him more excited was when she told him about catching Brian and Elise having sex on the desk in his office. She opened the door without knocking and she was too shocked to move and they didn't notice her standing there watching. Elise was bent over the desk. Brian was pounding her from behind and on the out strokes Karin could see his whole length and girth. It was the biggest cock she'd ever seen in person. Rick was beyond excited! He wanted to know if she liked looking at it, even just a little, in a twisted way. He wanted to know if it turned her on, maybe just a little bit. He wanted to know if she wished it were her bent over the desk being taken by her powerful boss, the one who could make her a star in her field if he wanted to, if she made him want to. 

Later that night, as they were drifting off to sleep, he asked her if she wanted to put Brian on her bucket list too, because that would be okay with him as long as she was very discrete. Karin punched him hard in the chest and told him that the whole idea repulsed her. He was her boss and he was maybe fifteen years older than her! But it didn't repulse her. She'd thought about it lots of times in the weeks since, and she'd given herself some very hard orgasms.

Part 4

It had been a hard day in the field and Kate was famished by the time she and Chad stopped for lunch. They'd skipped breakfast that morning, munching on some nutrition bars while they hiked down into the cloud forest to find Brad and Mahalia's nest. She wanted to locate them early before they wandered off in search of food and water. 

The found the chimps at the base of the same tree where they left them yesterday. Then they spent the whole morning making observations and collecting samples. Kate took lots of photographs and videos of Mahalia that she was planning to analyze later. She wanted to see if they held any clues about her mood and stress levels. Female chimps were a puzzle alright, especially the older experienced ones. She spent hours staring into Mahalia's round dark eyes trying to sense what she was thinking and feeling but still she couldn't be sure. 

Absorbed in her work, she forgot to remind Chad to collect the urine samples that she would use to check hormone levels back in the lab at UNC. So when she looked up at one point and saw him placing two test tubes into the cooler beside her she was beyond delighted. She felt like running her fingers through his beard and kissing him. He smiled at her and held another test tube up close to her in the sunlight so she could see what was inside.

"Some of Brad's hair. I found it on the tree trunk over there after he was scratching his back against it. We'll need it to check paternity, right? For his DNA? They sure have been busy this morning!"

Kate dropped her head and laughed. They sure had been! They'd copulated four times already and it was only 2pm. Each time had been quick and anxious. Kate could sense they were still on the alert for an ambush by the jealous males of M group. But she managed to gets lots of good footage that she could study carefully later.

What she wanted to know more than anything was if Mahalia was actually having orgasms when Brad penetrated her from behind, so quickly and crude like that. She wanted to know if it got her off. That would help explain why she had chosen Brad for an exclusive safari, and it would help flesh out her theory about the role of female orgasms in determining which males passed on their genes. 

She was always surprised by the abruptness and clumsiness of chimp sex. It was nothing at all like with bonobos—those long, languid sessions full of foreplay and obvious climaxes for the males and females. The high-status females would sometimes close their eyes and roll their heads back and shudder long and slow for three to four seconds. With chimps it was never like that. But Mahalia seemed to be enjoying herself all the same, in her own inscrutable way.

Kate looked over at Chad and saw that he was handing her a bowl filled with bits of jerky in a mound of leftover rice. It smelled wonderful. He was wearing his Carolina blue tank top with a soccer ball logo. She savored the look of his brown arms and chest and neck. His beard was growing in nicely—thicker and darker and wilder. 

"So how old are you anyway?" she asked him.

Chad looked up at her from his bowl, a little uncertainly. 

"I'll be twenty-one in July," he answered, nodding at her, almost proudly.

"Don't say it that way," Kate laughed at him.

"What way?"

"Like a kid, silly. You sound like a little boy bragging that he's nine and three-quarters."

"Okay," Chad agreed, turning bright red. "How should I say it?"

"Just say you're twenty."

"Okay. I'm twenty."

"Good boy." She reached her hand out and stroked his beard under his chin. They gazed at each other for a few second and then they both fell silent, devouring the rice with their fingers. After a while she looked up at him again.

"So, you got any plans for the big day?" she asked.

"What day?"

"Your twenty first birthday, silly. Are you and the other soccer players going to throw a wild party, somewhere off campus maybe? With lots of beautiful co-eds?"

"I don't know," Chad muttered, looking upset all of a sudden. Kate expected him to react to the part about the beautiful co-eds, to flirt with her about it maybe, but he went in another direction entirely. "I'm supposed to go back home and stay with my mom for July, actually, but I'm kind of dreading it. I wish I could stay in Chapel Hill instead."
