 My wife and I have a friend, Sharon. When she needed a place to stay we offered, we had a large guest room in our house and could use the extra money.

Sharon had lived with us about 6 months when I started noticing little things she did. When I would pass her in the hall or stairs she would "accidentally" rub her breasts up against me. Sometimes her hand would brush the front of my pants and kind of push my cock. I just put this down to the tight space we were passing in.

My wife had to go to a week long training seminar for her work. It was in another town, so she packed, kissed me and said goodbye.

I was alone with Sharon, but that wasn't a big deal. We would eat, watch a little tv, then since I get up early I would take a shower and go to bed. One night that all changed.

Sharon had started wearing shorter night shirts when we would watch tv. One night she was sitting back in the recliner and her legs were opened a bit. I couldn't help but look and saw she wasn't wearing any panties. Of course I had to take a second look just to make sure. When I glanced up I saw she was looking at me smiling. I was embarrassed to say the least. Not at looking a naked pussy, but getting caught looking. She didn't make any effort to close her legs, I looked away back to the tv. After a while I got up, said good night and went to take my shower.

I had just gotten in the shower and was starting to soap up. Looking at Sharon's pussy, and her not stopping me, made me kind of horny. My cock was kind of half hard. Just as I started stroking it the shower door opened and Sharon stepped in!

"Sharon, what the hell?" I almost yelled.

She just tilted her head up and kissed me. Her tongue went deep into mine.

Sharon is not raving beauty, and is a bit over weight, but then so am I, so I returned the kiss.

I don't know about you, but my nipples are a direct line to my cock. As she kissed me she started playing with my nipples. My cock came to attention immediately and started pushing against her belly. I figured what the hell, if she was going to play with my nipples, then I was going return the favor. I started rolling her nipples between my thumb and forefinger. As she continued to kiss me she moaned into my mouth.

I reached around behind me and turned the shower off. There are times when a cold shower is good, but this wasn't one of them.

I let my hand slide down to her pussy. I slid my finger between the lips and found her clit. I started rubbing it, she broke the kiss and made a sharp intake of breath. She tiled her head back and moaned, that put her nipples in the right position to suck them. I sucked and nipped them, all the while rubbing her pussy and clit. I slid a finger in her hole and started to finger fuck her. It wasn't long before she stiffened and started shaking. I felt the contractions of an orgasm and her pussy clenching my finger. Her legs went rubbery, and I thought she might fall but she just sat down on the little shower bench. 

She reached around, put her hands on my ass cheeks and pulled me close. My cock was hard and right at mouth level. She put it in her mouth and started sucking. Then she looked me in the eye and said, "I have never done this before, so teach me."

"If you just think of it as a popsicle, suck on it, then run your tongue up and down the sides. You'll be fine." I said.

She did just that, and wow was she a fast learner! Precum started flowing, and she pulled back.

"Does this mean you are ready to cum?" she asked.

I was going crazy! I wanted her to keep on, I was almost there. "Yes, it means I am ready to blow my load." I said through gritted teeth.

She abruptly stood up, turned, leaned against the wall and stuck her ass out. Her pussy was in the perfect position, I stood behind her and slipped my cock in very slowly. Her pussy was so wet there was almost no friction. My cock slid in and out so easily, it was nice. She was tight! As I pumped in and out we both started moaning and groaning.

It didn't take long before I blew my load. After my cock stopped throbbing it started to slowly get soft. I left it in her until her pussy pushed it out.

She turned and kissed me again. Then said, "that was nice. I have been wanting to do that for so long."

As we stood there and kissed she played with my nipples again. As I said, I get hard when my nipples are played with.

I stepped out of the shower and grabbed some lube my wife and I kept on the counter. I turned her around and put some lube between her ass cheeks. I put a bunch on my finger and slid it in her ass. She gasped, but didn't stop me. I lubed up my cock and put it at the entrance to her ass. I gave a little push and the head popped in.

"I am a virgin back there," she said. "Why do you want to fuck me in the ass?"

I grabbed her hips and stood there, then I leaned forward and whispered in her ear. "This lets me know you are mine. That you are in complete submission to me and I can do what I like."

"Let me do this please. It kind of hurts." She said. Then she slowly pushed back. She pulled forward then back a little more. After a few times of this my cock was balls deep in her ass. I stood there wanting to make sure her ass was relaxed. Then I started to fuck her.

To my surprise she started to push back harder and harder. All I had to do was stand there, she was using her ass to fuck my cock.

She started slowly at first then louder, "oh yah. I like this. Make sure you are all the way in, I want to know I am yours!"

It took a bit longer than the first time, but when I blew my load I thought it was going to come out her mouth! I pulled out, she turned around sat on the bench and cleaned my cock. This was such a turn on I thought I was going to cum again.

We spent the night fucking and enjoying each other.

The next day my wife called and said, "Did you enjoy Sharon?"

I was a bit surprised and wasn't sure what to say.

She continued, "Sharon has wanted you to fuck her for a long time. She wasn't sure how to go about getting you to do it. I suggested she get in the shower with you and play with your nipples. Just think of all the fun the three of us are going to have when I get back."