 Needless to say, things were a bit tense whenever Jane, Kenny, and I were together. I don't think she knew, but I am sure she was surprised when she got home that evening to find the bed had been changed. We really had to because Kenny came so much there was a big wet spot on the sheets.

As I said, things were a bit tense between Kenny and me for the next few weeks. I made excuses for not going to the bar some of Kenny's friends owned just to keep from having to pretend nothing happened for Jane's sake. 

Every time I saw Jane and Kenny together I was torn between really disliking him for how he behaved when Jane isn't around, and the recollection of how hot the sex was between us. 

Every Sunday morning when I heard Jane leave for her part-time job, I had to fight the urge to go see if Kenny was awake.

It only took a few weeks before my desires took over. I waited about 20 minutes after Jane had left, got up, and walked to the kitchen totally nude. As I passed by Jane's bedroom, I didn't stop to look to see if Kenny was awake, but continued to the kitchen. After getting a drink of water, I took a deep breath and walked back to be door to the bedroom.

Kenny was lying in bed with his back to the door. I walked into the room quickly and slid under the sheet. I am not sure if he was awake when I got into bed with him, but when I wrapped my hand around his large, but flaccid cock he realized he wasn't alone.

His cock was hot and thick in my hand. His body twitched when I wrapped my hand around the shaft and he seemed to rouse from his sleep. He rolled toward me onto his back, but my hand never left his cock. 

He looked over at me, still a bit groggy from sleep, "Good morning," I said as I slowly started stroking his cock. "Can Big come out and play?" (I was being cute, referring to Kenny's cock as Big, a reference to Sex and the City).

Kenny smiled over at me and sort of grunted as my stroking of his shaft quickened and as his cock got firmer and firmer and hotter in my hand. "I knew you'd be back for some more," Kenny teased. "It has that effect on a lot of women," he said confidently. 

"Too bad Jane isn't one of them," I shot back. "You are nothing special to her, because she hasn't had any others."

"It takes an experienced cunt, like you, to know that I'm bigger than 90% of the guys out there," he said. "She barely lets me get more than half way in before she makes me stop pushing."

"So I guess getting all the way into me was quite a treat for you," I said.

He didn't say a word, just smiled as I slowly stroked his now fully erect cock.

"So, you just going to put it in and cum in me again today," I asked.

"Nope," he said confidently, "today you are getting the best you've ever had."

"Maybe. We'll see," I said, "maybe not. And don't ever call me a cunt again."

"OK, OK, I thought you liked it," he said. "The guys at the bar call you a tight cunt all the time."

"Well, you are the only one that has had it, so how would they know," I asked. "If Stephen wasn't such a dick I would have let him fuck me in his car."

"And you only got some because I was so horny," I said. "It was quite a turn on to have you in me, but I wasn't expecting you to cum so fast."

"We'll today we'll take our time," he said, "Jane is working until five so we have pretty much all day."

"Pretty confident," I said, "last time you only lasted about 3 minutes."

"Shut the fuck up," he said, as he moved to get up in his knees on the bed. He moved one knee on either side of me straddling my waist. He looked down at me and moved forward. For a moment I thought he was going to fuck my mouth. His cock was hard and pointing slightly up, his shaft has a slight upward bend to it when he was fully aroused.

He moved up but stopped when his knees were on either side of my chest. He looked down and smiled, "You have really great tits. Anyone ever tit fuck you before," he asked.

Before I could answer, he reached over to the night stand and pulled a bottle of baby oil out of the drawer. He opened the bottle and poured some on the palm of his hand. He then spread the oil over the length of his dick. After setting the oil back down he moved his cock between my tits as he reached down and pushed my tits together around his cock. "Push them together around my cock," he said.

His cock was gliding between by breasts, slippery from the lubrication and hot. I looked up at Kenny and saw a look of pleasure sweep over his face. He slowly pushed his dick between my tits until I could feel his balls rubbing against my chest. My tits filled my hands as I pushed them tight against Kenny's cock.

His cock was hot against my skin. He slid as far forward as he could, then slowly withdrew completely. The lubrication from the baby oil allowed his thick cock to again slip between my breasts as he moved forward.

He tit-fucked me slowly for a couple of minutes, I was amazed at the look on his face. He closed his eyes and concentrated on the pleasure the warmth and fullness of my tits was transferring to his cock. His breathing became more and more rapid as he slid his cock back and forth. Occasionally he would look down at me and reach down to pinch one of my nipples.

He started breathing more and more rapidly and I knew he wouldn't last too much longer. Suddenly he grunted loudly and pushed his cock deeply between my tits. Seconds later I felt his cock twitch violently and felt a huge spurt of his semen hit my chin. "Oh, God yes," he moaned loudly as he started coming. I felt his balls contracting violently and his cock throbbed with each long gush.

He came several full spurts and the last few spurts landed on my face and mouth. He reached down to mush my tits even harder against his cock shaft as he emptied his balls. When he finally stopped coming, he looked down at my semen covered face and smiled.

"Not bad," I teased, "this time you lasted almost 4 minutes."

"Maybe so, but no one has ever come that much on you before," he bragged.

As he moved off of my, I noticed that his cock was still hard and erect. "Kenny has a special talent," I thought to myself.

After he moved off of me he lay next to me on the bed, his cock still rock hard and pointing toward the ceiling. "I have to clean up," I said as I got out of bed and headed toward the bathroom."

"Don't be long," Kenny called after me.

When I got to the bathroom, I looked at myself in the mirror. My face, neck and tits were covered with his come. I thought to myself, "Damn, the bastard sure does come a lot," as I washed up.

A few minutes later, I was back in the bedroom lying next to Kenny. He had turned on the television while I was gone and he was seemingly wrapped up in some sports highlights show. 

I watched for a few minutes, then turned on my side facing away from Kenny. After a few minutes he rolled toward me and put one hand over my body and cupped one of my breasts. "God these are big," he said, "I wish Jane's were this big."

He moved slightly to me and I felt his hard cock press against my ass. I am not sure if it ever got soft after he tit-fucked me, but it was hard and hot against my skin.

He moved closer and slid his cock along my ass and I opened my legs so that he could glide his prick along the lips of my vagina.

We lay there for a few minutes before Kenny started slowly guiding his cock back and forth against my cunt. It felt nice, so I let him continue.

His hand cupped my breast and every so often he gently squeezed it. I felt myself starting to get excited and my nipples started to harden. His hot cock caressing the lips of my vagina also added to my growing arousal. I felt myself starting to get moist and my cunt starting to tingle.

"Lift up," Kenny said as he slipped his other hand under my body so he could cup my other breast. "God, whoever said more than a handful is too much was so wrong."

I was nude, in bed with my roommate's boyfriend, he had a huge erection and was slowly teasing my pussy with it. Hot and hard his cock slid between my legs and over the lips of my vagina. I was getting more and more excited with each slow pass of his cock between my legs.

I could tell that I was getting excited, my cunt getting wetter and wetter, and my nipples hard and erect. His hands cupped my full, firm breasts, and his shaft started to feel wet from the natural lubricant I was oozing from my pussy.

With each thrust from Kenny his cockhead pushed against my clit. His shaft ground tightly against my erect clit stimulating me to new heights of arousal. I could feel every vein, bump or ripple in the skin of his cock.

His, and my, breathing became more and more rapid as our excitement built.

Suddenly he stopped sliding his cock over my cunt lips. He moved slightly and pushed slowly forward. I felt the thick head of his cock touch my moist opening for a brief second and then felt my vagina pushed open as his cock penetrated me. He just put the broad head of his cock in and stopped.

I contracted the muscles of my vagina around his cockhead and we both groaned from pleasure. "God, you are tight," Kenny moaned.

"And your cock is so thick and hot," I moaned. "Push it in, please. I want all of you in me again."

Kenny needed no further permission, he started to slowly push his cock into me. It seemed like it took forever to get his cock deep into my aching cunt. I exhaled as he filled me completely, until I could feel his ball against my tingling cunt lips.

We lay there, Kenny deep in my cunt. His cock hot and thick and filling me as I wanted, no longed, to be filled. I was conflicted. On one hand Kenny was an ass and I really disliked him for oh so many reasons. On the other hand, his cock filled me completely. It was hot, long, and broad. Stretching my vagina wide and owning my cunt.

I caressed his shaft with the muscles of my pussy and felt the glorious thickness of his prick. He moaned with pleasure each time I clamped down on his dick. We lay there for a couple of minutes before I felt Kenny quickly pull his cock out of me and kneel on the bed.

He pulled me to a position where I was laying on my back and he quickly moved to a position where he was kneeling between my legs. He pushed my legs open and moved up to me.

"Damn, that cunt looks good," he grunted and he reached for his cock. He slid the head of his hard cock between my already excited cunt lips. The tip of his cock felt hot against my vagina. Kenny pushed his cock slowly into my moist cunt and we both moaned from the pleasure of his penetration.

I lifted my hips to allow his cock complete and deep access to my cunt. I know it was wrong to be fucking someone else's boyfriend, but I wanted his cock, all of it. His penetration was slow, deliciously sensual, but complete. He pushed his thick, long cock as far into me as he could. When fully inside me, he grabbed my thighs and pushed them up. I was under his control.

Slowly Kenny pulled his thick cock from my oozing pussy. To my surprise he pulled it all the way out, I looked down between my legs and could see his cock glistening with my lubrication. Seconds later he thrust his cock back into my cunt.

He started fucking me hard. I felt my excitement starting to build and realized I was getting closer and closer to an orgasm. "No, damn it, I am not going to give this bastard the satisfaction of knowing he can make me come," I thought to myself.

Kenny fucked me as hard as any man had ever fucked me. Long, deep, full strokes of his cock filled my cunt. I could feel his balls slapping against my ass with each thrust. He was certainly enjoying himself using my pussy.

He propped himself up on his hands so he could look into my face and said, "I love to watch those big tits of your sway while I am fucking you." 

He then re-grasped my thighs and started fucking me even faster than before.

"Oh, yes, Kenny yes, fuck me," I said. It was all he needed, "Yea baby, yea, that hot cunt of yours is the best," he said back.

He continued on for a few more minutes. His thick cock scraped against my erect clit with each thrust. It felt so good, so wrong, so exciting, but I held myself back from my orgasm.

After a few more minutes of the delicious sensation of Kenny's big cock fucking my tight, smooth cunt, I sensed that his cock was getting hotter and harder. I know he would be coming sometime soon.

Moments later, Kenny screamed, "Oh fuck, I'm gonna come." I felt his balls twitch and his cock throb as the first jet of his semen filled my excited cunt. He pumped several jets of come deep inside me, the warmth and volume adding to the pleasure I was feeling.

Even though Kenny was shooting his load into me, he kept fucking my cunt vigorously. After several spurts of his hot come filled me, I couldn't hold back any longer and felt my body tense as wave after wave of pleasure coursed through my body.

As I shook with pleasure, I felt Kenny start to slow the pace of his fucking me. He slowed and then collapsed onto my body, his cock still buried deep into my cunt. His cock was still throbbing, and I felt the volume of his semen start to ooze out of my quivering pussy. 

Kenny lay on top of me, his cock still deep in my cunt. I tried to clamp down around his shaft, but my pussy was exhausted from the pounding that it had taken from that long, thick dick. I expected that after he had drained himself deep inside me that his cock would start to go limp. I was mistaken. We lay there for several minutes and Kenny's cock stayed as hard as it was when we started.

Finally I said, "Ok, get off of me."

Slowly Kenny raised himself up and I felt his cock slip out of me. He rolled over next to me on the bed and grunted, "Damn, that was a great fuck. I can't wait to tell all my buddies how tight your cunt is."

"You do," I said, "and I'll cut your balls off. By the way, do you have some sort of medical condition? Why don't you get limp after you come?"

He lay there and smiled over at me, his cock thick and hard, pointing up at the ceiling, "It is what the ladies love about Kenny. I can stay hard for a long time. In about 10 minutes I can fuck you again and come almost as much as before," he bragged.

"Some talent," I said, "but I have a talent of my own." Saying that I moved down to a position near his cock and started licking it clean. His come tasted different than any other man I had ever tasted. I wrapped my hand around his shaft and slowly pumped as I engulfed his cock with my mouth.

After I had licked his beautiful cock clean, I looked up at him and smiled. I then lowered my head to his cock and slowly, ever so slowly, engulfed it completely. I swirled my tongue over the head of his cock before starting to engulf it completely.

Inch by inch I took more and more of his cock into my mouth. I inched down the shaft with my lips into I had his cock completely in my mouth and throat. I could hear Kenny moaning in pleasure.

I clamped my lips tightly around the base of his cock and slowly pulled back so that his cock came out of my mouth. I still had a grip on his cock and smiled at him, "I see you like my talent as well. I bet Jane doesn't do that," I said.

His hand reached up to my head and pushed me back down to his cock. "Suck it," was all he said.

I again took all of Kenny's cock into my mouth and into my throat. I did it several times as he moaned in pleasure. I felt his pulse throb through the vein of his cock and knew he was getting closer and closer to coming.

I let his cock slip from my mouth teasingly, but quickly engulfed it again and swallowed him again completely. I was about to pull back again when I felt Kenny quickly grab my head and hold it firmly on his cock. Then I felt his cock throb and felt the first jet of his semen as it coursed through his cock.

The first gush chocked me with its force and volume and I tried to pull away from his cock. Kenny held my head tightly as I struggled. I widened my lips around the base of his prick and felt his second massive spurt force his semen out of my mouth and throat around his cock.

I struggled to get free of his grip on my head, but he held firm. Finally I pulled free and was able to get his cock out of my mouth before gagging. As I pulled free an addition couple of massive spurts hit me directly in the face.

When I was free, I watched as his jets of semen arched high into the air. His balls continued to twitch and his cock visibly throbbed with each jet. He must have come at least eight to ten massive jets of come.

When he stopped coming, he pulled my head back to his cock, "Lick it clean, cunt," he said contemptuously. I did what I was told, taking his cock shaft in my hand and eagerly licked his shaft to get every last drop if his salty semen off his cock and balls.

When finished, I rolled away from him on the bed. I waited a few moments to catch my breath before getting up to go take a shower. "You might want to change the sheets," I said to him, "Jane might wonder who you were fucking while she was away. The sheets are covered with your come."

"When you get done with your shower," he said, "you can do it. That's woman's work."

"Fat fucking chance, you made the mess, you change the sheets," I said

As I looked back at Kenny on the bed, he smiled over at me, and he was still hard.

(To be continued...)