 The sensation felt so good. So warm and wet from something slithering around that just tickled in the most pleasing way. My eyes fluttered open and I moaned with satisfaction. I looked down at my waist and saw a head crowned with the most beautiful chestnut hair as it bobbed up and down on my cock. The gentle slurping and sucking sounds were like music to accompany this incredibly sexy sight. I looked over at the alarm clock and it read 8:17 am.

"Well, good morning," I said.

Sharon lifted her head up off my cock with a loud slurp and looked at me, a slutty little smile decorating her face. "Morning," she said.

"You enjoying yourself down there?" I asked putting a hand behind my head for a better view.

"I wanted you up," she said sounding like a spoiled little teenager. Her hand stroking up and down my cock, her other hand massaging my balls.

"Well, you've accomplished that," I said. "Please don't stop on my account."

She smiled and hungrily swallowed my cock again. Most of our night had been nothing but great sex that had been interrupted by occasional bouts of sleep in each others arms or sprawled across each other. It was sex like I'd never had before. More than just two people lying together and pounding away at each other. It was an enjoyment and an excitement that came from discovering someone else's body by licking and sucking all of their hidden sensitive areas. Through letting our hands explore each other, telling the other what felt good, and showing each other what we liked. Sharon knew what she wanted when it came to sex. She loved being put in different positions, having her hair pulled, her arms pinned down by the wrists or behind her back while she was fucked. She loved being turned onto her side and one leg put up on my shoulder. She said it felt so good when I could get in that deep. Sharon could get so into her love making that she could even be "fucked stupid", she'd let herself go so much that her words would make absolutely no sense at all. I got a little confused the first time I heard it and it threw me off my game for a second, but that turned out to be a blessing because it made me last long enough to give her another orgasm. Sharon was an absolute whore in bed who loved to be manhandled, but wasn't afraid to take the lead as well, which made it just amazing.

While she continued to give me one of her amazing blowjobs I saw how her body was angled to mine. I reached down under her tummy and between her legs to feel the soft folds of her pussy lips, than smiled since it was in easy reach. I pulled my hand back to wet my fingers and felt her grab my wrist. She lifted her mouth off my cock and sucked my index and middle fingers into her mouth sloppily and loudly. When she pulled them out they were soaked with her spit. "My mouth was already wet, so I thought I'd give you a hand," she said than threw herself back onto my cock.

"Ah, fuck," I said as my cock was once again surrounded by her warm mouth and snaking tongue.

I reached back under her and began to stroke up and down her smooth pussy lips. She was so relaxed it didn't take but a few seconds for them to part so my fingers could slither inside. She was already wet from sucking my cock. I slipped my fingers in and began exploring inside than trailed up to her clit and began circling the tip of my middle finger over the tip. I could hear her moan in satisfaction as she kept sucking my engorged dick. I took both slick fingers and gently rolled her clit between them. Sharon squeaked in shock and pleasure. The first time I'd done this earlier in the night she jumped as if she'd touched the prong on a light socket. Apparently it still surprised her, but she was a bit more prepared for it. We continued to play with each other for a few more minutes until she slurped off my cock and looked up at me. 

"God, I need your cock inside me." She looked at me like she was about to eat me alive.

She climbed on top of me and swung her body around so her ass was pointed at my face, than reached down for my cock and slipped it into her soaking wet pussy. I was so slick from her sucking me I just glided right inside her folds. Sharon settled down onto my hips and began to rock her hips back and forth. I could feel the walls of her pussy grip and release me as she flexed her muscles. We both moaned at how wonderful it felt. I watched her work her body on my cock in fascination. When she rocked forward towards my feet I could see my cock sliding out of her tight little snatch than disappear as she came back up to me. I reached out and grabbed hold of her hips and began helping her as she fucked me, pushing her forward till just the head of my cock was inside her, than pulling her back harder so it would spear her deeply.

"Oh, God," she moaned. She began matching my rhythm and force. It wasn't long until her ass cheeks were slapping against my pelvis each time she came down. I reached up and smacked one of those glorious round globes, the sound of the crack of my hand on her cheek filled the room followed by an "Aaaah" from her. Naturally I couldn't leave out the other one, so I generously gave her a matching set. I grabbed both cheeks and shook them both than spread them apart which gave an even better view of my cock disappearing into her pussy.

My eyes became transfixed on her puckered little ass ring when a thought occurred to me. I wet my middle finger and pressed it against her little butt hole until it popped inside her.

Sharon gasped. "What are you...? Who taught you to do that?" Her rhythm faltered a little but she never stopped riding me.

"No one, I was just looking at it and..."

"And, thought it'd be fun to goose me while I'm riding your cock?" she asked.

"Mmmm hmmmm," I responded. It bears mentioning that I still had my finger in her ass during this whole exchange and she never told me to take it out.

Sharon kept riding me for a few more minutes. "Well, are you going to go deeper or are you just going to leave it at the first knuckle?"

I had no words. I actually felt a surge go through my body when I heard those words and it made me lightheaded for a second. Eagerly I began to push my finger deeper inside her ass, however it may have been a bit too eagerly at first.

"Oh, oh, wait a second, not so fast," she said and stopped riding me. "Go slowly, let me get used to you. You can't just drive in on me. Here, wait a second." She reached back and pulled my finger from her ass than climbed off me. She crawled over to her end table and pulled out a small white tube than squeezed some of its contents onto my finger. "A little KY always goes a long way." She tossed the bottle onto the bed next to her and put herself in doggy with her head on her pillows and her ass sticking up in the air. "Come here, little horn dog. I got a feeling this is brand new territory for you, so do exactly what I tell you and I promise your going to love every second of it."

I got up on my knees and positioned myself behind her.

"First thing," she said than reached between her legs and grabbed hold of my cock. "No reason he should get cold," than slid me back into her pussy. My hips instinctively began to gently fuck her again. "Mmmm, there you go. Now, grab the bottle of KY and squirt a little onto my asshole, than slowly start to work it in." I did as I was told and gently began to push my finger inside her ass feeling the lube slide in with it. It was so tight and small. I could hear her moaning and I wasn't sure if she was enjoying it or if I was hurting her.

"Is this okay, do you want me to stop?" I asked.

"No, no, it just takes a couple minutes for me to relax and get used to you," she said. "Just keep going at this pace, don't go any faster."

I continued sliding my finger in and out of her ass. I figured it might be a good idea to squeeze a little more lube onto her ass to make it easier for her. Another quarter size drop and my finger was gliding in and out with ease. Sharon began to moan louder as my cock slid in and out of her pussy and my finger slid in and out of her ass. I was completely transfixed on the sight in front of me. "Oh, my God, Sharon, this is awesome," I said sounding like a dorky teenager.

"You like it, baby?" she asked.

"Oh yeah," I said.

"I know what'll feel even more awesome," she said.

"What?"

"Your cock fucking my ass," she said as she looked back at me over her shoulder.

I stopped in my tracks and stared at her. "Really?"

"Come on, it's all lubed up and ready for you," she said. Her hands reached back and grabbed her ass cheeks spreading them apart even further. "It's all yours."

A flood of emotions hit me like a tsunami. Excitement, fear, surprise; I was completely overcome. Sharon must have noticed what I was feeling from the look on my face. She reached back and slid my cock out of her pussy and positioned it right between her ass cheeks. "Come on, you got me all ready for you, you can't leave me with only the feeling of a skinny little finger in there. Fuck my ass with that thick cock of yours."

It was like I was in a trance. I grabbed my cock and pressed the head against her ass ring. It was so lubed up and my cock was so covered in her pussy juices it just slipped right inside.

"Oooh," Sharon cried out. "That was... a little more than I was expecting."

"You want me to-"

"Shut up and keep going," she moaned.

I slowly kept working my cock into her ass, sliding in and out at what felt like a centimeter at a time. I was trying to be careful not to hurt her, but the feel of her tight ass clamped around the shaft of my cock was like a drug and I wanted more. My hips rocked back and forth, back and forth, making more and more of my cock disappear into her ass. Slowly I began gliding in and out of her as she finally relaxed enough to take me. Sharon's pussy was absolutely amazing, but her ass was so tight it felt indescribable. The sight of that tight little hole swallowing my cock, her two smooth porcelain ass cheeks jiggling and shaking each time my body pounded into her, it was almost too much. She moaned and whined and grunted with each thrust.

"Oh, fuck, Jake, you're cock is buried so deep in my ass," she whimpered. Her words were like a cheering section. "How do you like your first time being in a woman's ass?" she asked looking back at me.

"How'd you know it was my first time?" Her question made me stop.

"It wasn't that hard to tell," she said with a smile. "Now," she turned back and laid her head back down on the pillow, "do you want to continue this conversation, or are you going to get back to pounding my ass?"

I smiled, grabbed hold of her hips and thrust myself into her again. Sharon let out an "Ugh" as I buried myself all the way to my balls in her ass. "Oh, fuck, that's more like it. That's your ass, you fuck it the way you want to fuck it."

I reached forward and grabbed a handful of her hair than pulled her head up. "Oh, yeah," she said. My hand came down hard on her ass cheek with a loud smack. She yelped but didn't say a word about it being too hard. She was enjoying this as much as I was. I quickly became lost in our rhythmic fucking. I began to feel a slight undulating sensation beneath me, a circular motion. She'd started playing with her clit while I was ass fucking her and she began to moan louder. 

"Ah, Jake you feel so good in my ass." 

"Oh shit," I muttered. I was quickly getting close. "You are so tight. I'm going to come."

"Come in my ass, baby," she whined.

That was it. As soon as she said that I couldn't hold back any longer. I grabbed hold of her hips and thrusted my cock deep into her ass as I shot my load. "OH, FUCK," I cried out. "SHIT! AAAAHHHHH GOD! FUCK!"

I could still feel her playing with her pussy underneath me. Her moans became louder and her body began to tremble. "Ooooh, oh Jake. Oh, fuck. OOOOOHHHHH, OOOOHHHHHH, AAAAHHHH! I'M CUMMMMMMIIIIIIINNNNNGGGGGG!" Her screams were like music. God she was so sexual, so beautiful, and right here and now she was mine. All of her, she was mine.

When she finally came down from her high, I slid my cock out of her ass and fell back onto the bed. "Holy shit! That was... I never felt..."

Sharon was breathing heavy as she crawled over and laid on top of me. "You didn't know how tight a woman's ass can be?"

"Yeah," I said looking up at the ceiling.

"And, did you like fucking my ass?" she said.

"God, yes," I said.

"Good, cause I don't want it to be the last time you do," she said.

I couldn't help the smile that crossed my lips. Sharon was drawing me in in such a way that I didn't want to pull away from her. I'd never been in love before, so I was wondering if this was what it felt like.

Sharon lifted her head and looked at the clock. "You need to get going, your parents are going to be home soon and this won't look good if they see you coming home from here."

I let out a sigh. She was right. "Damn," I said hitting the bed.

"Oh, it's not that bad," she said. She climbed off the bed and held out her hand to me. "Come on, let's go shower."

"Shower?" My head perked up.

"Yeah, shower. Don't need you going home smelling of sweat and sex. Besides," she said taking my hand and lifting me off the bed. "I think you have another one left in you." She grabbed my now soft cock and lead my toward the door.

"Maybe leaving won't be so bad, especially with a send off like this," I said, as I let her lead me by my cock which quickly grew in her hand.



It had been two days since that incredible night with Sharon. Part of me still couldn't believe that it had happened. I remembered how it felt walking out of her house that morning, like I was lightheaded, drained, and more content with the world than I had ever been. That may have also been because she gave me a blowjob before I left her house. She asked me how far my truck was from her house. I told her it was about 5 blocks. "That far?" she asked. "A man could get real horny walking 5 blocks," she said getting on her knees in front of me. "Maybe this'll take the edge off." And with that she whipped out my cock and started sucking. Christ, I don't think I've ever met a woman who was as cock crazy as she was. She was wrong though. All I could think about was her lips wrapped around my dick the whole time I was walking, which only got me horny again. Damn her.

I wasn't supposed to go back to her place until the middle of the week and we agreed to stay away from each other just to keep any suspicion down. Those were the worst two days of my life so far. Every waking moment she occupied my thoughts. Seeing her curvaceous naked body, the feel of her silky skin against me, the lingering taste of her lips and her pussy on my mouth, and the sounds of her voice and moans as we fucked. It made each day seem like a year. We'd see each other in passing, if one of us were leaving for work or walking outside for some kind of errand. I'd purposely take Shadow for an extra long walk and take my time as I passed her house. We'd wave to each other, say a casual hi, how are you, which only made it that much worse for me. If it was bothering her, she didn't show it, she was totally cool.

I came home Wednesday night to the sounds of female laughter in my kitchen. When I walked inside I saw Sharon sitting at the kitchen table talking with my mother and laughing about something. My heart nearly stopped as a wave of panic rose in my chest. What was she doing here? What was going on?

"Oh, hey sweetie," my mom said.

"Hi, Jake," Sharon said.

"Hey." I looked from one woman to the other. "What's going on?" I tried to maintain a mask of aloofness, but I was insanely curious as to why Sharon was here. She was wearing a denim shirt that was frayed at the bottom and a plain red t-shirt that wasn't tight, but clung to her form in way that made me jealous. The coup de grace was the wedge sandals she had on that showed off her beautifully painted red toenails. Even in a relaxed outfit, she looked too damn sexy for words.

"Nothing, your boss here was just telling me about how hard you've been working for her," my mom said.

"Was she?" I said and looked at Sharon.

"Just bragging a little on how good my house looks, now, thanks to you," Sharon said.

"Yes, she says she's surprised that you even came back after how hard she worked you," my mom said.

"Well, what can I say. I've got a lot of stamina." I tried not to look at Sharon with a lustful leer. She simply cleared her throat and crossed her legs.

"Good, cause I've got another project for you," Sharon said. "I just stopped over to see if it was okay with your mom if I stole you again. I didn't want to occupy too much of your time, especially if she needs you," Sharon said. She looked at my mom with a questioning glance.

"No, no, if you need him, take him," she said.

"Perfect," she said in a way that sounded like she had just caught her next meal. "Than why not come by tomorrow night 

after you get home and I'll show you what needs to be done," Sharon said. She stood up and gave mom a peck on the cheek as she walked out. 

"Sounds great," I said. "I'll walk you out."

I followed her out the door, trying not to make it too obvious not to stare at her swaying ass as she walked. When we got to the end of the sidewalk I pulled her over to the garage and into my arms where I laid a hard and deep kiss on her. One arm wrapped around the small of her back while the other clutched one of her round ass cheeks. She let out a little squeak of surprise which melted into a moan of pleasure while I kissed her. Our tongues wrestled one another as our hands roamed all over each other's bodies. When we finally broke it was with great reluctance.

"Where do you keep them?" I asked her.

"Keep what?" she asked with a puzzled look.

"Those two brass balls you have. I can't believe you actually asked my mom's permission for me to fuck you," I said.

"Oh, is that what I just did? I could've swore that I only asked if it was okay to borrow you for some work," she said innocently.

I chuckled. "Okay, we're gonna play this game. However you want to do it."

"See you tomorrow," she said and gave me one last long kiss. When she broke she reached down and gripped my cock and balls through my jeans.

"Guh," was the only sound I let out when I felt her squeeze.

"Don't forget your tool," she said and walked off with a little extra swing in her hips.



The next morning I was at her door by 8 am. I couldn't recall the last time I was this excited for something before. She answered the door wearing the same denim skirt and a white t-shirt that did little to hide the red bikini top underneath. Her hair was pulled up exposing her neck and a pair of small hoop earrings. How does she always to manage to look so fuckable?

"Morning," she said.

"Morning," I said. As soon as she shut the door I pulled her toward me and began kissing her. She didn't resist, but did pull away from me a little sooner than I expected.

"Whoa, take it easy, killer," she said.

"What's the matter?" I asked.

"Nothing, it's just..." she glanced toward the back door. "I really do have some work for you to do."

"You were serious about that?" I was perplexed.

"Afraid I was," she said. "Sorry."

My shoulders slumped a little and I sighed. I'd kind of 

forgotten that this whole thing did start out as a business arrangement. "What do you need?"

"The stockade fence in the back needs to be water sealed," she said. "I got all the stuff for you, it's just sitting out back waiting for you." She took me by the hand and lead me 

out the back door. "See, all that's left if for you to put it on the fence."

I looked from the three cans of water seal to the fence than to her. "I can't believe you really have work for me."

"Oh, it won't be that bad. You get to work and in a little while I'll make you some lunch," she said pressing her body into me and laying he head on my shoulder.
