 After the guys had left the studio, I took a shower and cleaned up. I went to the office to confront my husband, but he was nowhere to be found. I called his cell number, but he didn't answer.

I pondered in my head what to do. I really didn't want to go home.

I finally decided to go to a restaurant to get something to eat before going to a hotel for the evening so I wouldn't have to confront the obvious problem with my husband.

On the way to the restaurant, I thought back through all the adventures we had shared over the past few years. We shared sexual adventures since before we got married. He took me to an adult theater after we had a frank discussion of his sexual fixations and to boost my sexual self-confidence. He took me, willingly, to a swinger's club in a town about 100 miles away from our home. I had at least 3 sexual adventures on my own, but always told him about everything. I loved the man that gave me the self-confidence, and the understanding of my own sexual being, through experiences and taking beautifully erotic photographs of me. I also loved the fact that he encouraged me to be sexual, but at the same time helped me insure the anonymity that our lifestyle and adventures demanded. He was always discrete.

I knew I was beautiful and that men desired me. I enjoyed the responses I got when I dressed to show off my curves. I learned, with his encouragement and pleasure, to tease other men, to make them think I was infatuated with them, to use my body and my beauty to tease and to please. I loved being the center of attention.

I also loved the secret life we had together, knowing that we had to be discrete or lose everything. I often got a sexual rush when someone looked at me -- perhaps they had seen me somewhere being the woman my husband wanted me to be, the woman that I had enjoyed becoming.

I had fucked total strangers at adult theaters while others watched. I had posed for nudes, showing my cunt and tits, so that my husband's career as a photographer might be enhanced. I had posed for sex pictures with strangers in his studio, allowed him to photograph me as I had sex with other men in various locations. I had teased and had sex with men I didn't know, both with my husband and without him. I had been discrete because we needed to be,even when I was tempted by the fathers of the students I taught or the people I worked with (well, except for Kelvin).

We had moved through this tangled life supporting each other's desires and fantasies, knowing that our mutual love and respect was strong.

Now that seems to have failed. Earlier in the day, when we were involved in a porn shoot with three professional porn actors, my husband has simply walked away, leaving me while I fucked, and was fucked by, three men. When asked about why he left, he displayed an unusual jealousy, accusing me of enjoying myself too much, and much to my shock, calling me a cunt.

I didn't have a plan as to what I would do next. I'd get a bite to eat, then drove by our house to see if there was any sign of life.

Sitting in the taxi, my mind strayed back to the events of the day. I loved being a slut for the three guys that my husband had paid to perform with me. As I thought about the number of times I climaxed during the fuck sessions, I found myself getting turned on.

Walking into the restaurant I heard someone call out, "Hello Sharon." I turned to see Ken, the husband of my aerobics instructor sitting near the bar. "What brings you here," he asked.

"Didn't feel like eating at home tonight, husband is away," I said.

"Great, I'm batching it myself tonight, Jane is visiting her parents this week," he said.

Let me be honest here, I always found Ken to be a very attractive man. He is a tall, good looking, older man who I have fantasized over several times. My husband has teased me about it several times in the past.

"Well, if Jane wouldn't mind, perhaps we can get a table and chat," I said.

"She probably would, if she ever found out. I won't tell and I am sure that you can be discrete," he said.

"You know I always am," I said with a wink.

I was quite sure he was referring to an event that happened last summer when he and Jane and my husband and I vacationed together. Ken and I have been attracted to each other and have flirted and teased for over a year now.

The time was while we were on vacation at a beach resort in Delaware. Ken and Jane have two girls and we'd all go to the beach to enjoy the sun. I wore what I thought was appropriate for a beach day, a nice two piece that showed off my tits quite well. When we met up with Ken and Jane at the beach I saw the Ken enjoyed my outfit a bit more than Jane.

Ok, cut to the chase, we spend several days flirting and me showing him more attention than necessary, but I was enjoying teasing and my husband seemed to like watching me in action. We were mindful to the discretion we needed to show because Ken and Jane were both residents of the suburb we work in and Ken had dealings with the school district where I work.

After several days flirting with Ken, we came back to the condo they were renting after a day at the beach and the bars along the boardwalk near the beach. Jane had taken the girls into the town to do some shopping and my husband was off photographing.

We entered the condo and Ken offered me a drink. I was standing looking out the window of the condo when I felt Ken come up behind me. I was somewhat startled to feel his hands cup my tits and felt him push his body tight against me from behind. "Oh, God, your body is so beautiful," Ken whispered in my ear.

I pushed my ass back against the front of his swimsuit and felt his cock starting to grow and thicken with excitement. I also felt my nipples harden at Ken's touch. I arched my back as his big hands engulfed the fullness of my breasts and felt his lips brush against my neck. He kissed my neck and squeezed my tits.

I felt his hand slip beneath the material of my small bikini top and he pushed the material up and out of the way. His hands felt hot against my skin and my nipples were now fully hard and erect with excitement.

I pushed back against his cock and felt it getting hotter and hotter. He moved me to the back of the soft and bent me over the edge. I felt his hands slide from my breasts and down my sides until they reached my bikini bottom. It was a string bikini and I felt his hand tugging on one of the strings. Suddenly I felt the side un-tie and it slipped to the floor.

He stepped back and I heard him slip off his trunks and move back against me, his big, hot cock brushing against my ass. Being bent over the sofa, I reached quickly back between my legs to cup his balls. He moaned as I cupped his balls and moved against my ass.

He then stepped back and his balls pulled from my hand. I felt him guide his cock between my legs, the head of his prick making my cunt lips tingle. His hand guided his cock along my slit and I felt my cunt rapidly moisten with excitement. He slid his shaft along my excited pussy and we both moaned with excitement.

"God, your cunt is so hot," Ken said.

"Your cock is so thick," I moaned. "Put it in, Ken, put it in me, please," I begged.

"But I don't have a condom," he said.

"I don't care, fill me with your dick," I said.

Needing no encouragement, Ken pulled back slightly, grasped his cock and slowly pushed the head between my swollen cunt lips. His cock slowly and ever so deliciously slid into my cunt. He and I again both moaned as the pleasure of his penetrating me waved over both of us.

I pushed back against his penetration as his cock filled me completely. Again, I reached back between my legs to cup his balls. They filled my hand and were pushed tightly against my pussy.

Slowly he pulled his cock all the way out of me as my cunt muscles gripped tightly around this thick shaft. Again I felt the sensuous pleasure of his rod penetrating me fully. His hands moved to my hips as he pushed himself fully into me.

Before he could begin fucking me, we heard the sound of people in the hallway outside the condo. I recognized the voice immediately as Jane, Ken's wife.

I struggled to pull free of Ken. "It's your wife," I said, "You have to stop. Take it out please."

Ken didn't say a word but pulled his cock out and quickly re-inserted himself back into me. He started fucking my cunt rapidly.

I heard the key in the lock and Jane talking to the girls. Somehow I managed to pull away, and grabbed the bottom of my suit and made a dash for the powder room. Ken moved away and into the master bedroom, just as Jane and the girls walked in.

I had my beach bag and bottom of my suit, but I noticed that the top of my suit wasn't to be found. I quickly put on my cover-up and came out of the bathroom.

"Oh, hi Sharon, how are you," Jane said.

"Good, just back using your powder room on the way up to our condo," I said.

I noticed the top I was wearing was lying on the floor near the sofa. I reached down and picked it upquickly hoping no one had noticed.

"Ok, thanks, got to get back home to get cleaned up for dinner tonight," I continued. "Are you folks joining us?"

"I'm not sure what Ken has in mind," Jane said. "I'll call you and we can work something out."

"OK, see you later," I said. I quickly exited Ken and Jane's place and rushed to the elevator.

When I got to the condo my husband and I were renting, I was trembling with excitement. I could still feel the thickness and length of Ken's cock. I was excited because it was obvious that Ken wanted to fuck me, even with the possibility of getting caught. It was exciting as to how close we had come to getting caught, I still felt the rush of being penetrated by his cock and the sound of his wife entering the condo where just moments before her husband was buried up to his balls in my hot, willing cunt.

I undressed and got on the bed and stroked my cunt until my body was wracked with an intense orgasm. As my fingers plunged into my cunt I felt the hotness and thickness of Ken's cock filling me. It was a very satisfying orgasm, even if it was self-induced.

When my husband returned, I told him of the event. "Too bad he didn't get to finish, I guess you owe him," my husband said.

About an hour later, Jane called to say that they were going to a seafood restaurant within walking distance and asked if we'd like to join them.

We met about a half-hour later; I wore one of my lightweight summer dresses that showed off my tits quite well and a small thong. I managed to get quite a bit of attention during the walk over and at the restaurant.

We met Ken and Jane and the girls, teenagers, at the place. I managed to sit next to Ken at the restaurant. When we were seated, I suddenly felt Ken's hand on my thigh under the table. He looked over and smiled.

We made small talk about the day and the fun we were having on vacation. Ken's hand slowly worked its way further up my thigh as the conversation continued. I was glad it was a nice place with long table cloths.

His hand continued up my thigh until it was under my dress. His hand moved across my thigh getting closer and closer to my pussy. When his hand finally reached my pussy, I felt him caress my cunt through the thin material of my thong. I opened my legs slightly to allow his fingers to run along my slit. I could feel myself flushing from excitement as he stroked my excited cunt.

"This drink must be pretty strong," I said. "I can feel myself flushing already."

Ken looked over and smiled. We continued to chat as my friend's husband slowly stroked my pussy.

Moments later, I felt his finger push aside the thin material of my thong and stroke the entire length of my slit. He then guided his one finger into my vagina. Slowly he stroked me with his finger.

As I grew more and more excited, I had to let Ken know that he had to stop. I squeezed my legs around his hand and used my hand to pull his hand from between my legs. He looked over at me and frowned.

After dinner we walked the boardwalk for an hour or so, we then headed back toward the condo building at the end of the boardwalk. My husband and Jane and the girls were tagging slightly behind as Ken and I walked into one of the shops along the way. I had the chance for a few moments to talk with Ken.

"Do you realize you close we came today," I said. "We could have gotten caught by your wife and daughters. Think any of them would be please by catching their husband or their father with his cock in another woman's cunt?"

"I want you as much as you want me, but we can't, not here," I said. "You don't want your wife to be suspicious and I certainly don't want my husband finding out."

"I know, but when," Ken said?

"I'm sure we'll get the chance some time but we need to be discrete," I said.

"But I can't stop thinking about you, those tits of yours and how hot and tight your cunt feels around my dick," Ken said.

"I know," I said. "And I can't stop thinking about how big and thick your cock is, but not here, not now."

We never got the chance that summer, but I did get to stroke Ken's beautiful, thick dick at a party Jane had for her aerobics class. There too, we almost got caught, but not by Jane but by one of the other women at the party. Almost!

Back at the restaurant, "My husband said I owe you," I said to Ken.

"Owe me, for what," he asked.

"Don't tell me you have already forgotten about last summer," I said.

"I will never forget last summer," Ken said. "It was the most exciting experience I have had in years." "How, or should I say what, does your husband know about last summer?"

"I told him everything," I said. "We have a very solid relationship." "I'm sure you have told Jane what happened by now."

"No, I haven't thought it worth mentioning to her," he said. "Did you husband take it well, or should I keep an eye out for him?"

"He was quite excited by the experience," I said. "He often asks me to tell him about it while we are having sex." "He said that since you had to stop before you finished that I owe you."

"Ok," Ken said, "so when are you paying this debt?"

"Well, since I am pissed at my husband for something he did earlier, perhaps tonight would be a good time," I said.

Ken's eyes widened, "We are talking about what I think we are, right," he asked.

"We are," I said staring deeply into his eyes.

A few minutes later we were in Ken's car leaving the restaurant parking lot. "So, your place or mine," I said?

"How about your place," he asked.

"Let's drive over to see if the coast is clear," I said. "As I said earlier, I am pissed at my husband, so I am not sure if he will be home tonight or staying at his studio."

As we approached our house I could see that the lights were off. It didn't look like anyone was there. "Pull in the driveway," I told Ken, "I'll see if anyone is home."

I went inside and there didn't seem to be anyone home, but the message light on the phone was blinking. I picked up the phone to hear a message from my husband. He said he was sorry, but thought it best if he stayed at the studio tonight and he hoped we could talk in the morning.

"Well, I guess that makes things a lot simpler," I thought to myself.

I went back to the door and signaled to Ken to come in. He shut off the car and came inside.

"So, shall I go put my swimsuit on so we can start where we left off, or do you want to start over," I asked?

"Let's start over," Ken said as he pulled me to him and kissed me deeply.

I kissed him back as eagerly as he kissed me. His arms circled me and pulled me tightly to his body. My breasts pressed against him. I could feel his cock through his pants as it began to harden.

I pulled away enough to run the palm of my hand down over the front of his pants to caress his thickening cock. His hand moved to my breasts and caressed them through the material of my blouse. He moaned as I squeezed his cock through his pants. Slowly I moved my hand up to his zipper and pulled it down. I reached into his pants seeking his ever hardening cock. My hand circled its hot shaft and he grew even more hard and rigid.

He stepped back and unfastened his belt and let his pants fall to the floor. I realized then that Ken wasn't wearing any underwear. He stepped out of his pants as my hand continued to slowly manipulate his cock. "God, your cock is big," I said.

His hands moved to the buttons of my blouse and began to eagerly, if somewhat clumsily, unbutton them. I arched my shoulder as he pulled my blouse off and let it drop to the floor. His hands returned to my tits caressing them through the thin material of my bra.

I felt my nipples hardening as I became more and more aroused at his actions. I felt one of his hands working on the clasp of the bra, but fumbling. I reached around quickly to uh-hook the clasp and he smiled as his hands pulled my bra from my full breasts. I arched my back to give him a great view of my tits. 

"Beautiful," was all he could say.

I stepped back and unzipped my skirt while Ken quickly took off his shirt. My skirt quickly fell to the floor leaving me only wearing a small lacy thong and my heels.

His hands encircled me again pulling me to him, his hard cock pushing against my belly throbbing with heat. His hands grabbed my ass and pushed my body tightly against his body. "God, your cock is so hard and thick," was all I could say.

I pulled away and stepped back to step out of my thong. I looked deep into his eyes as I pulled the thin, small garment down over my hips and stepped out of it. His eyes widened as he notice that my vagina was completely shaved.

"That is something I forgot about," he said. "It looks good enough to eat," he teased.

"Maybe later," I said, "now I want to suck that beautiful cock of yours." 

I lowered myself to kneeling in front of Ken and took his beautiful cock in my hand. I looked up at him as my hand circled his shaft and slowly began pumping his thick hot cock.

He moaned as I began stimulating his cock, first with my hand and then eagerly engulfing his cock-head with my mouth. Inside my mouth, I swirled my tongue over the ridge of his cock-head, causing Ken to moan loudly. While my mouth pleasured his cock-head, my hand was wrapped around his shaft tightly slowly pumping the length of his dick.

"I've wanted to pleasure your cock for a long time now," I said after pulling his cock momentarily from my mouth. 

Quickly I again engulfed his cock with my mouth and began sucking him eagerly. I felt his hands move to the back of my head, pushing his cock further and further into my mouth.

Kneeling in front of Ken, I could feel my cunt tingling as I got more excited from both the sensation of his cock in my mouth and his response to my cock sucking skills. He was enjoying it as much as I was.

"Let's take a break for a few minutes," Ken said, "you're getting me awfully close to the edge.

He pulled his cock from my mouth and reached out his hand to mine to help me stand. "Let's go upstairs," he said.

I smiled and led him upstairs to our master bedroom. I got on the bed and lay on my back. He approached the bed and reached out with his hands to spread my legs. Slowly he lowered his head to my cunt and began licking my pussy eagerly. He ran his tongue up and down my slit along my swollen cunt lips for a few moments.

I felt Ken changing positions on the bed so that his knees were straddling my head. Again he lowered himself so that one hand could open my excited lips to allow access for his tongue to my excited clit.

In the position he was in, his big cock was near my head, I reached out to touch his thick cock and when my hand engulfed it I felt a twitch of pleasure through his cock. I was tempted to pull his cock to my mouth, but knew if I did I would soon make him cum. I wanted this sex to last as long as possible.
