 Part 1

Chad held Kate tightly from behind while she rode out the last throes of her orgasm. She was sitting in his lap with his cock inside her. Her whole body was limp in his arms. He had one hand on her belly and the other on her full breasts, still sweaty from their feverish session. She was falling forward and her lungs were heaving as he held her up, caressing her all over. The rain had slowed to a shower by now. He closed his eyes and listened and inhaled deeply through his nose. The air inside the tent was hot and moist and heavy with the scent of saliva and sweat and cum. 

He loved this part. He tried not to be a jerk about it, because he truly loved and admired the female half of the human species, but he loved this part all the same. He loved how dreamy, and yielding, and open to suggestion a woman became in the moments after he'd satisfied her body. If he played it skillfully, if he kept her cresting from orgasm to orgasm, showing her new positions and new delights and letting her rest just long enough to gather strength for the next round of pleasure, then he could keep them in that state of mind for hours, until the sun came up even, until they'd crossed all their boundaries. He'd seen it happen with dozens of girls.

Professor Phare (Kate's soon to be ex-husband) had taught him all about the physical and psychological basis of it in his class last year, explaining the science behind what Chad had always known intuitively about the "chemistry" of sex. Kate was probably thinking and feeling a lot of things right now, but he knew that she was thinking and feeling a few things for certain. He knew that at the peak of her orgasm Kate's brain had released a massive dose of a hormone called oxytocin and that the effects of it were flooding through her. He knew that she was feeling a deep sense of relaxation and security. The little dials in her brain that controlled happiness and physical pleasure had been turned up as high as they could go, and the ones that controlled anxiety and fear had been shut down completely. Her whole body was telling her that she was in the presence of someone she could relax her guard with because he would treat her well, even protect her. He knew that at some level, whether she was aware of it or not, her whole brain and body were producing the kinds of sensations and feelings that can tell her, "This is real love."

Professor Phare taught him that a woman always had these kinds of feelings and thoughts, at some level, even if it wasn't conscious, after she'd been satisfied by a male. It was a simple matter of physiology and brain chemistry and it had been proven over and over with dozens of experiments in the lab. They couldn't help feeling that way. At the level of hormones and neurotransmitters it was out of their control! And that didn't mean that women were somehow inferior to men. It was out of his control too. At the peak of his own orgasm he'd been flooded by dopamine—the pleasure hormone—and now he was crashing hard. Research had shown that it was like doing a line of cocaine. The withdrawal made a guy start craving more and more sex, as soon he was ready, usually after a nap.

One study that Chad was particularly interested in showed that the "cuddle response" induced by oxytocin was especially high in women when they were ovulating. It was practically off the charts! Professor Phare got really excited talking about it in seminar and the enthusiasm was contagious. He told them about how scientists already know that women have stronger sex drives during the fertile days, and that they signal their availability and willingness to men in a variety of almost imperceptible ways—that women's breasts and buttocks and lips swelled, that they tended to dress in more revealing clothes or brighter colors, that they were more likely to attend social gatherings (clubs, parties, whatever) where there were lots of available males, and that they tended to be especially attracted at those times to males who exhibited aggression and dominance. The tall, broad-shouldered, cocky type was practically irresistible. In fact, one fascinating experiment showed that women in relationships with sensitive provider types (nice guys) were particularly attracted to alpha males (bad boys) on their fertile days, and that they reported feeling far more likely to have sex outside the primary pair bond!

Professor Phare got especially excited describing the big contradiction at the center of all this new research. The really mind-blowing part was not only that women were far more likely to hook up with "bad boys" when they had the greatest chance of getting pregnant. It was also that they were wired in such a way that, in the state of post-orgasmic bliss that followed the sexual encounter, their perceptions of the "bad boy" shifted. They started to see him, and treat him, as a "nice guy." The underlying cause was that women were more likely to have stronger orgasms during their fertile days, and from the thrill of transgression. And simple logic dictated that the harder the orgasm, the more careless and risk-taking their behavior would become afterward, because a harder orgasm meant a bigger dose of oxytocin to the brain. So a woman who was ovulating and had just been fucked good and long and hard by a dominant male (Brian didn't put it that way but Chad could read between the lines) would also be feeling incredibly relaxed and connected and trusting. She'd want to have more orgasms with him for sure. She'd want to bond with him. She'd want to meld her body with his in the deepest and most intimate sense possible.

Chad knew why it was so exciting to Professor Phare because it was exciting to him for the same reason. When you really thought about it, when you really pushed aside all your preconceived ideas about why people do what they do, it was like nature was specifically designed to provide guys like him with the kind of sex that he had always liked best, for his own fucked up reasons! Hard, impulsive, raw sex with a girl at her most dangerous time, when her rational mind was telling her it was crazy and wrong! That she was crossing a line, no matter how good and right it felt in her body. It was almost like he could see the wheels turning behind their wide eyes as he smiled down at them: that it was crazy to just let go and have hot sex with this guy who she barely knew and who was a little bit teasing and mean to her, and who talked like a hick. Even if it was kind of a turn on how confident and brazen he was to flirt with her openly at the party. She had a boyfriend and she was surrounded by her sorority sisters for christ's sake! She wasn't going to just drop her panties for him and spread her legs! Even if it did drive her wild the way he came onto her so hard and pushed her buttons like that. He was kind of sweet at the same time, wasn't he? He listened to her stories, didn't he? He had a sweet face to go along with that hard, lean body with the slim waist and the broad shoulders and the tight butt. Before long they'd be shaking and moaning and gasping and doing whatever he asked them. 

Chad loved women. He truly did! And he didn't mean any disrespect for thinking about them this way. He even felt a little guilty about it! But in the end it was just a fact. Women were designed by nature—when you really thought about it from the right perspective—to desire reckless sex with guys like him the most when they were at greatest risk of conceiving. It didn't matter if they were richer than him or smarter than him or in a monogamous relationship or his professor or anything! And if he played it right, and treated them right, they were designed to have the most trust for him at precisely those times, the deepest need to connect with him fully. 

Kate was way more beautiful and intelligent than any of the dozens of coeds he'd slept with since he got to UNC (he had a decent chance of breaking the century mark with his senior year still ahead of him). And she was a real woman, no doubt about it. He could see it and feel it and taste it. He looked down and saw that his cock was still buried inside her shapely rear. He eased himself out, careful not to let the condom slip off, and laid her down gently on her side on the sleeping bag facing away from him. He spooned up behind her and reached his arms around so he could hold her belly and breasts again. She scooted closer and wiggled her ass against him.

Kate was a beautiful woman, for sure, and a good friend too, though it still felt weird to think of her that way. His head was still swimming from the fact that he would be living in her guesthouse for the rest of the summer, and they'd be lab partners during the days (with benefits during the nights!). He couldn't believe his luck! Even for a young guy of his unusual good fortune this was beyond expectations! Not only was it a really interesting job to help her analyze the samples from the trip, and not only was it super cool of her to help him figure out a way to live independently of his deadbeat mom over vacation, but beyond that she was an absolute wildcat in the sack! There were so many ways he wanted to penetrate and lick and finger her and they were going to have time to try all of them! He cupped her breasts in his hands and noted again that they felt bouncier and riper than the night before.

She was a real woman, not one of those dime a dozen co-eds that were always spreading their legs for him and letting him fuck them silly. But she was a female all the same. She had the same biochemistry and the same brain structure and everything. She was feeling and thinking all the same kinds of things that girls usually felt and thought when he slipped his cock inside them and fucked them long and hard and well. She was feeling like pretty soon, after a short rest, she wanted to fuck him again, maybe harder this time, and again after that, until there were no more barriers between them. He felt his cock stiffen as he remembered how sweet and luscious her ass looked when she got on her knees in front of him and held her tail up high, and how he thrust into her like a madman while she called out all kinds of crazy things!

It blew his mind every time how completely and passionately she threw herself into her deepest fantasy: of fucking him raw . . . and letting him cum inside her . . . on her fertile day . . . making her belly full. 

It was obvious that it was something that part of her actually wanted to happen, and it made him dizzy with lust and confusion the way she let herself act out that desire in vivid detail. In one sense it scared the crap out of him! There was no way he wanted to be a dad before his twenty-first birthday! No way! But at the same time, in another sense, he wanted it too. He wanted it badly. That's why it made him feel so frustrated and edgy when Kate made sure to take careful precautions with birth control and "rules" and such before she let herself go and acted out those little impregnation scenes with him. My god they were hot! But he wanted it to be more than a fantasy. He wanted her to want it for real. He wanted her to ask him for it. He wanted to push her and push her until she crossed the last boundary a woman could have with a guy, until she asked for his baby. It was the right moment and he was determined to see how far she'd take it. Kate was a complete puzzle. She gave him a weird ache in his balls, and a queasy feeling in his stomach, and he wasn't sure he liked either of them.

He had no idea where any of this was headed with Professor Morgan. He scooted away from her and rolled her over on her back so he could lie on his side and survey the full length of her, naked and spent and sweaty. With a little coaxing she'd be ready to fuck again in no time. He brought his hand to her crotch and spread her legs apart, just a few centimeters, and cupped her wetness with his hand. He couldn't help himself either. He was still a player, after all, and Kate was a very, very attractive female. She was more than that. She was a beautiful woman, and she was playing his favorite game.

Part 2

How could I have forgotten about this place, Brian wondered, as he watched Elise, Ellen, and Alex chatting in the small circle of steaming, bubbling water. They were in the wood-fired hot tub that was attached to the main lodge where Alex and her husband Roger lived in the caretaker's quarters, near the luxury suites where the ultra wealthy guests stayed when they flew in by helicopter from Europe or wherever. 

It was normally off limits to scientific researchers (university budgets couldn't afford the very best rooms and amenities at the lodge) but he and Roger had ended up back here once, a few years ago maybe, after a hard night of drinking. The design of the place was ingenious. Roger had built high stone walls all around the tub for privacy and left the roof open to the stars. There was a mosquito net over the top to keep out the nocturnal insects. Brian was lying in a hammock just to the side of the tub watching the three women relaxing, still in their bikinis from a long afternoon of snorkeling and sunbathing. 

He'd already made up his mind that nothing would happen with Alex. Brian was too good of a friend, and he was pretty sure that Alex would refuse him anyhow, despite the vibes he'd been feeling. More importantly, he wasn't going to do anything stupid (like fucking the caretaker's wife) to jeopardize his access to the lodge and the chimp preserve. They were too important to his career. 

But Alex was a fine looking woman all the same, and he was having too good a time to part with her company entirely. He wanted to observe her. Twenty minutes ago, thereabouts, he'd yawned theatrically and winked at Elise while he told the other ladies that he was wasted from all the sun and weed and booze and he was going back to the cottage to sleep.

"But I don't want to walk back to the cottage all alone!" Elise protested, snuggling up a little closer to him. They'd been all over each other all day and it must have been obvious to Alex that they were sleeping together, if it hadn't been already. He could see the disapproval and moral judgment written all over her face. She knew that his marriage with Kate was over, except for the technicalities, but he could tell that she didn't think highly of him for seducing a student. For seducing several of them! Still, she hadn't said no when Elise invited her to go snorkeling with them for the day, even though her husband was away on an errand. She might disapprove but she was definitely curious about something.

"It's scary out there in the dark with the snakes and everything," Elise whined. "Why don't you just 'sleep' in the hammock," she suggested, winking at him slyly with her back to the other girls, "and I'll wake you up when I'm ready to go back to the bedroom?"

"Okay," Brian agreed, making a show of yawning again and standing up in his slim fitting swim trunks to make his way to the hammock. He pulled a towel over himself as a blanket and arranged himself so he could see all three of the women. He was in shadow and they were in starlight and he had his fisherman hat pulled down over his eyes. They couldn't tell he was looking, everyone except Elise. She knew the game he wanted to play for sure. She was a real partner in crime, that girl.

He was definitely attracted to Alex and there was definitely a little chemistry between them, not that either of them were going to act on it. But he wanted to see what would happen if he left her alone in the tub with Elise and Ellen. He wanted to see if she would cut loose a little in the company of these younger girls, so much wilder than she was, and unattached. He wanted to hear what they might talk about. He smiled to himself thinking that Elise would know exactly the kinds of things he'd want to hear, the kinds of things that would turn him on.

Alex was about Kate's age, he reflected, maybe a few years younger. He'd finally gotten a good look at her body in the conservative plaid bikini she wore to the beach that afternoon (far less conservative, he noticed, than the one-piece she wore when her husband was with her the day before). Her torso and arms were surprisingly petite and toned. So while her breasts weren't especially large, objectively speaking, they looked positively buxom on her small frame. But her best quality by far was the contrast between her tiny torso and waist and the womanly curves below it. She was delicate up top but she was generously proportioned down below, all through her thighs and hips and ass. He smiled to himself again remembering watching her snorkeling beneath him earlier in the day, kicking her feet and wiggling her bottom in the clear blue depths. He felt his cock stir in his trunks and he reached a hand inside. He wasn't going to jerk off or anything while he spied on his friend's wife. That would cross a line. But he wanted to feel himself stiffen.

Brian was a connoisseur of female bodies and he specialized in discovering diamonds in the rough like Alex, in detecting the hidden signs of voluptuousness and beauty in women who weren't conventional knockouts by any means, and who were too prim and self-doubting to flaunt their assets anyway. It was a skill that came in handy working in the sciences and traveling to all those boring conferences and such where the most attractive women weren't built like models or anything. You had to look a little deeper to see through the pantsuits and severe glasses and find the really exceptional bodies on women who were sometimes right on the borderline of plainness. The benefit was that women like that were often inexperienced sexually, and secretly dying to experiment. They were unaccustomed to the chase as well. So they were vulnerable to a decisive move by a seasoned player like Brian. It was easy to catch them off guard with that first salacious comment, or kiss, or grope, and once you had them in bed it was easy to take them to new heights. 

That's why he decided that he couldn't stay in the hot tub with the ladies. The longer he stayed in there, and flirted with Elise, and watched Alex get all bothered and flustered by the fact that he was fucking a twenty year old girl, and felt the tension between them mount, the greater the chance that he was going to make a move on her before the night was through. She'd reject him, probably, in the end. But he couldn't take the risk. When a player like Brian made a play for a wallflower like Alex all bets were off. There was no telling what might happen. She might let his hand stay on her thigh just a little too long (they were just playing after all!) or she might let him kiss her (just playfully!) the way he'd been kissing Elise, the way he'd be kissing Ellen too in all likelihood. 

It was something about the way she responded when Brian suggested that the four of them adjourn to the hot tub later that evening on the boat ride back from the reef. Alex was wearing a sheer white cover up and he could make out her curves in the bikini. She didn't say anything at first. Brian felt oddly excited trying to make out her expression through the over-sized round sunglasses she was wearing. She thought about it for a couple of beats and then she bit her lip and wrinkled her nose.

"Okay," she agreed. "But you can't tell Roger. He'd murder me if he found out I was partying out there with you guys. That hot tub is his pride and joy. It would be a royal bother for him to fix it if anything got broken."

It was all perfectly innocent. But something about the way she said it was so suggestive all the same. She was a married woman and she was breaking her husband's rules. She was just a little too excited by it. She was enjoying herself just a little too much doing something she wasn't supposed to, let alone with a man who was known practically across the globe as an accomplished seducer.
