 I did the thing I had to do that day, but felt somewhat guilty about not telling him that the main reason was that I had another date that evening.

Around 6:30 Michael knocked on the door to my apartment. He was a guy I had been going out with for a couple of months, but after yesterday and that morning, I wasn't sure why. It all boiled down to the fact that Michael had the biggest cock I had experienced to that point in my life.

He was a typical 26 year old guy, thinking about sports, drinking and fucking, but not in that order, actually never in that order. He picked me up and we went to his favorite sports bar to meet up with a few of his friends. I knew right away that it wasn't going to be anything like the night before.

His friends are all as immature as Mike; they all kept staring at my tits and making wiseass remarks. I should have dumped Mike before now, but his cock felt so good inside me.

We had a few drinks; they mostly watched the game and sent me to the bar for more drinks. At least on my trips to the bar I could flirt with the bartender.

A couple of hours later we were back at Mike's apartment making out on the couch. His hands roamed over my body, caressing my full breasts and quickly unbuttoning my blouse. My nipples were hard with excitement and I could feel Mike's cock thickening as he ground himself against my pussy. I was lying under him, my blouse unbuttoned, my breast straining at the confinement of my lacy bra, my skirt hiked up and my legs open. My pussy was barely covered by the thin material of my thong. His pants were unbuttoned and I had pushed them down over his ass, his thick cock throbbing within his briefs.

He was grinding his bulge against my tingling cunt as he dry humped me eagerly. My hands were on his ass pushing his cock even harder against my cunt. I was turned on and Mike knew it. He pulled back from me and lifted his body enough to pull the front of his briefs down. His cock sprung free and I could feel the heat of his prick against me. He continued grinding against me with his big thick cock, sliding it along the swollen lips of my vagina. His huge cock head pressed the material of my thong into the folds of my labia as he ground hard against me.

I was gasping for air because I was so excited, moments later I heard myself say, "Oh, God, fuck me, fuck my cunt. Please, please fuck me." I moved my hand off his ass and reached between my legs to slide the small patch of fabric of my thong out of the way to allow his cock to enter me.

He kept grinding his prick against my labia for a few more seconds until he finally found the right angle to penetrate me. The head of his cock pushed my cunt open as he filled me completely with one full thrust.

"Oh, fuck yea," Mike moaned as his thick prick filled me completely. I rolled my hips back to allow him to penetrate me as deeply as he could.

My vagina grasped at the thick shaft of his cock as he started to withdraw. He pulled about half way out of me before thrusting vigorously back into me deeply.

His cock filled me completely, he was a clumsy lover, but damn, his cock felt so good in me. Long, thick and wonderful. He fucked me for several minutes, but never got me close to coming before I felt his cock spasm and felt his hot jism fill my cunt. "Oh, fuck, fuck, I'm coming," he moaned as he shot jet after jet of sperm deep into me.

As his orgasm subsided, he collapsed onto my chest and lay there as his sperm oozed from my pussy. A few moments later his soft cock slipped from my still eager cunt.

I needed more but Mike had shot his load for the evening and I was going to go home un-fulfilled. About a half hour later Mike was driving me home.

Along the way I realized that some men excite me more than others, but sex is always a turn on for me. I thought about how excited I was last night and how much pleasure that man had given me.

During the week Marijean, a woman I teach with, pumped me for details about my weekend. I told her I had two dates over the weekend but didn't go into details. I was coy in answering all her questions, which only made her more curious and asked more questions.

She never asked if my two dates were with two different guys, so I never had to discuss that.

The week went on and Mike called to ask me if I was busy over the weekend. I was hoping to hear from the new guy so I told him that I was busy. Unfortunately I didn't hear from the guy who would become my husband that week.

The week went by and I couldn't stop thinking about everything we did when we were together. He was interesting, exciting and the kind of lover that most women long for. Mike's cock was bigger, but he was clumsy and only thought about his own pleasure.

Several times during the week I made myself come thinking about how the guy on Saturday night had made me come and the sensations of his hands on my body, and his cock inside me. I did hope that I would hear from him again.

When I finally did hear from him, he apologized for not getting back to me sooner. He had to be away for work on a trip to courier work to another museum for an exhibition loan.

We got together that Saturday evening, went out for a nice dinner, and then came back to his apartment to enjoy the rest of the evening.

"Have you given any more thought to letting me photograph you," he said.

"Not really," I said. "No one has ever asked to photograph me before." I lied because there are numerous digital images of me that various boyfriends had taken. Even a few I have sexted to guys I was dating. As you can imagine, a lot of the photos are of my tits, or of me sucking someone's cock, or of my cunt. The married guy I had the affair with even took several photos of me getting fucked by one of his friends.

"I do find that hard to believe," he said. "You are a beautiful woman, with a beautifully erotic spirit." "Let me show you some of my works and see what you think."

We went over to the studio space and into his office. He had boxes and boxes of photographs on the shelves. He opened one cabinet that also contains numerous boxes and pulled one down on the desk. "These are my most erotic works," he said. "I hope you won't be offended by the subject matter."

I leafed through the photographs. There were beautiful women totally nude lit to perfection to show off their perfect bodies. There were various close-up of full firm breasts with excited, rock hard nipples, there were close-ups of vaginas being sensually stroked by fingers with long, beautifully manicured nails. The very sight of these beautiful formal studies made me tingle with sexual arousal.

"This box is even more explicit," he said as he placed it on the desk in front of me.

Again, photograph after photograph of beautiful men and women engaged in every imaginable sex act. There were images of oral sex, penetrations, even a couple of images of a beautiful woman being penetrated by two beautiful cocks.

Interracial sex between a muscular black man with a beautiful un-circumcised cock and a woman with a body a lot like my own, large, full breasts, slim hips and a completely shaven vagina.

I could feel myself flush with excitement from simply looking at these beautifully erotic images, I could only imagine what it would have been like to participate in the sex depicted or witnessing the couples in action. I was excited to think that this man thought I could be the subject of such wildly erotic images.

"Wow," I finally said. "These are beautiful and so exciting to look at. I don't know if I could do something like that."

"Sharon," he said. "You are even more beautiful than any of the women in these photographs. You need to let me photograph you so that I can show you how beautiful and sensual you are." "It is the skill of the photographer and the relationship he has with his subjects that makes for beautiful photographs. We have started what I hope will become such a relationship."

"So," I said, "This is a relationship based solely on you using me as a model for your erotic photographs?"

"Not at all," he said. "We have had three great dates and one night of passion that aroused me like no other woman I have had before. You are a talented lover, inspiring in your beauty and adventurous in your technique and experiences. I want to get to know you better, if you'll let me."

"So, my experiences don't bother you," I asked.

"Why should they," he said. "I am not a possessive man; I understand that women, just like men, have sexual needs and desires. I don't care how many lovers you have had in the past, what matters is you bring desire and enthusiasm to sex. Where you learned how to suck and lick a man's cock isn't important. What is important is that you do it to pleasure your partner, sharing your experiences to make sex, lovemaking, fucking, whatever you want to call it, pleasurable for yourself and your partner."

"Good," I said, "Because I want you to know that I have other guys I go out with."

"And fuck," he asked?

"Yes, I have sex with most of the guys I date," I said. "I like sex, I like the way sex pleasures my body and I like the effect I have on men with my sexual experiences and talents."

"Speaking as a man," he said, "I like the way you enjoy sex. Though I have only fucked you once, I must say that I thought about you a great deal while I was away."

"So, where does this leave us," I asked?

"Sharon, you are a marvel. Beautiful, sexual, intelligent, interesting, and most of all desirable," he said. "Where do you want us to be?"

"After looking at your work I am excited. More excited than I have been with a new man in my life in quite some time. I like the way you made love to me the last time we were together. I am excited by what a relationship with you, either sexual, creative, or both can lead to. You offer experiences I have never experienced before and that intrigue me," I said.

With that he walked up to me, and pulled me to him and kissed me passionately. A few minutes later we were on his bed making out like a couple of teenagers.

My mind was racing, his kisses excited me, and the thought of the images I had just seen turned me on. My adventurous side only stimulated my desire more. What would it be like to be photographed by this man that excited me so much? What kind of adventures would he lead me into?

As he kissed me his hands roamed over my body, caressing my breasts through the thin material of my blouse and bra, down over my belly to my pussy that was tingling with excitement.

A few minutes later my blouse was unbuttoned and my bra unclasped. His hand cupped my full tit and his thumb danced over my hard nipple. I arched my back to push my breast into his hand.

After a few more minutes he moved to a kneeling position next to me. His hand skillfully un-zipped my skirt and I lifted my body so he could slide it down over my hips. He then moved to my blouse and slid it off my shoulders and I pulled my arms out of the sleeves. My bra was already unclasped and he slid the straps off of my shoulders and slid it away from my body.

I lay there on the bed wearing only my thong. He knelt next to me on the bed. I slid my hand up over his chest as his hands worked eagerly to unbutton his shirt. As he slipped the shirt from his shoulders I ran my hand down his chest. I reached the front of his pants and squeezed the bulge of his rapidly hardening cock. He eagerly un-clasped his belt, and pulled down the zipper.

I eagerly stroked his prick through his briefs. I could already feel the heat of his cock and its thickness. My fingers went to the waistband of his briefs and tugged downward, eagerly wanting to release his cock. As the briefs slid downward his prick sprang forth and was pointing straight toward me. I released my grasp on his briefs and eagerly reached for his cock.

It was hot and thick in my hand and I pulled him toward me so that I could lick the head of his magnificent prick. He moaned as my tongue traced over the ridge of his cockhead.

He stepped back off the bed and slid his briefs off. He stood by the edge of the bed and slid me toward the edge of the bed. He pulled me far enough so that my head was over the edge. He gently pushed my head down, "Open your mouth," he said as he stepped forward, his cock in his hand.

I opened my mouth and he inserted the head of his prick into my mouth. He again moaned as he filled my mouth with his hot, hard cock. He pushed himself deep into my mouth with one stroke. I felt his hands go to my tits and he squeezed them and pushed them together.

Seconds later he started fucking my mouth. In and out, his cock filled my mouth with each stroke. I sucked eagerly at his prick, swirling my tongue along his shaft with each stroke. I moved my hands to his balls and supped them with one hand as his cock slide in and out.

I felt his hands move from my tits to my neck. Both his hands gently circled my neck as he moved to control the angle of my head. He continued fucking my mouth eagerly and I felt my tits swaying with each thrust of his cock deep into my mouth and partially down my throat.

I was sucking eagerly at his cock as he forced it into my mouth and down my throat. I was excited and he was enjoying fucking my mouth. I could only moan because his cock filled my mouth completely. I had never had a man fuck my mouth before like this, usually the pushed my head down onto their cocks.

As he continued to pleasure himself with my eager mouth, I felt one of his hands move from my neck to my tit. He must have noticed that my nipples were hardening as I got more and more excited.

His hand cupped my breast and his fingers gently pinched my rapidly hardening nipple. While he was pinching my nipple and fucking my mouth, I slid my hand down to my pussy and began fingering my clit. My cunt was moist from the excitement I was feeling.

A few minutes later I felt him pull his cock from my mouth. He moved quickly onto the bed and knelt between my open legs. He pushed my hand from my cunt and ran his cockhead along the swollen lips of my vagina. He roughly pushed his prick into me and filled my cunt with one full thrust. I gasped as he entered me, partially from the pleasure and partly from the heat of his cock.

I rolled my hips back to allow him full penetration. His cock felt good and I wanted to enjoy the fucking he was going to give me completely. I looked up at him as I wrapped my legs around his body. "Oh, baby, fuck me hard," I said.

"Oh, God this cunt is tight," he said as he began eagerly fucking me deeply. Each vigorous stroke of his prick filled my cunt completely.

His cock wasn't the biggest I had had, but he was a very good fuck. I could tell that he wasn't just fucking me for his pleasure; he was fucking me for our mutual pleasure. He fucked me like no other man had before, slowly, then more quickly, then slowly again. He found just the right angle of penetration so that with each thrust the entire length of his dick scraped against my swollen clit.

He kept whispering in my ear how beautiful I was, how tight my cunt felt, how warm my body was against his. I could only moan as his words and his body pleasured me. I was getting closer and closer to my orgasm as he continued pleasuring me.

He kept tantalizing me with his cock and I knew I was going to come massively very soon. The pleasure continued and the pressure of my impending orgasm built. Two or three more eager thrusts and I felt myself explode in pleasure. 

Seconds after my orgasm began I felt his cock throb deep inside my vagina and I felt the first gush of his orgasm fill my cunt. He shot gush after gush deep inside me. I could feel his spurts fill me to overflowing and felt the warmth of his jism ooze out of my cunt and down along the crack of my ass.

"Oh, God," was all I could say as I continued to come. The pleasure continued to radiate out throughout my entire body centered on my well fucked cunt. Once he started to come he stopped pumping my pussy and emptied his balls deep into me. He came for what seemed like and eternity, his hot jism filling me completely with tingling warmth.

When his orgasm subsided he lay still on top of me, turned his head to me and kissed me passionately. My body was drained from the pleasure this man had given me and I lay there enjoying the warmth of him near me. He lay on me until his cock finally deflated and slipped from my vagina.

Keep checking for Chapter 3...