 When I got home I checked on the baby and went to the bedroom to go to bed. My husband was sitting on the bed watching TV as I enter the room.

"So, how did it go?" he asked.

I stood by the bed and slowly unbuttoned my blouse and slid it off. I unclasped my bra and slid it off my large breasts. She smiled as I unzipped my skirt and slid it off.

His eyes widened as he realized I was not wearing the thong I had left home with earlier.

I pulled back the sheet on my side of the bed and crawled in and snuggled next to my husband, who by that point was sporting a full erection.

"It really is a turn on to have a wife like you," he said smiling.

"Why is that," I asked?

"Because I know you are out there making the most of your sexuality with someone you have carefully selected, and all I have to do is wait home with the baby," he said. "And I get all the details when you get home."

"What would you like to know," I said as I wrapped my hand around his cock and slowly started stroking the shaft.

For the next half an hour I answered every questions my husband asked me relating to the sex I had with Mr. Bryan. He asked, I answered and caressed his hard cock. Occasionally I would engulf his hard cock with my mouth and suck him, or nibble at the ridge of his cock head, or lick his ball

He asked, I answered honestly. Mr. Bryan had fucked me, after he licked my cunt and made me cum, and he had tit fucked me and cum on my face and tits. He took some cell phone pics of me sucking his cock and of us fucking and he came again inside me while taking some pictures.

My husband cock grew harder and hotter as I answered his questions. His endurance gave out and he ejaculated vigorously when I told him that Mr. Bryan came on my face and tits. I pumped his shaft as he came until his cock finally stopped throbbing and oozing jets of cum.

I leaned over and licked up a glob of his semen off his shaft and swallowed it smiling.

"That was great, but I have to get up early for the baby and work. I need to go to sleep now," I said to my husband.

"Did you enjoy hearing about my evening," I asked.

"You know I do, love," my husband said as he wrapped his arms around me. We drifted off to sleep satisfied.

The next morning I was awake before my husband and got up to check on my daughter and to get her fed and ready for her day at the sitter. I was still nude when my husband came downstairs.

"You wearing that to work," he joked.

"Not today, but I was thinking about wearing it in the shower after I am finished down here," I said. "Care to join me?"

"Hell yea," he said eagerly.

He waited downstairs for the sitter to arrive as I returned upstairs.

I heard the sitter's car in the driveway and knew my husband would be up soon. I started thinking about my evening the night before and I immediately started to become aroused. My pussy tingled recalling the vigorous sex Mr. Bryan and I had the night before. My nipples got hard as I cupped my full breasts.

I reached in and started the shower hearing my husband's footsteps on the stairs. I had just stepped into the shower when I saw him enter the bathroom and remove his robe. "He has a beautiful cock," I thought to myself watching him move to the shower. Not as big as most of the men I had cheated on him with, but he did get me most of the way to an orgasm.

He entered the shower with me and rubbed his hard cock against my ass. He cupped one of my tits with one hand and guided his cock to my cunt with the other. I let out a small gasp as his cock head pushed into my pussy. It touched all the right places as he filled me completely with one swift motion.

I bent over slightly so that the shaft of his cock glided over my rapidly stiffening clit.

He moved his hand from my tit and grasped my hips and started fucking me more and more rapidly.

"Slow down a bit," I urged, "I want you to make me cum."

He paid no attention to my request and continued to pump my cunt rapidly.

A few moments later he moaned and I felt his cock twitch violently deep inside me and felt several jets of his warm semen flood my pussy. He pushed himself deep into me and finished cumming.

As his rapidly deflating cock slipped from my oozing cunt, he stepped back and released his grip on my hips.

"Sorry babe," he said. "Couldn't hold back because I was thinking about that guy fucking you last night."

I turned to face him and gave him a quick kiss. "That's ok, I was thinking about the same thing."

"Ouch," he said.

"No insult meant," I said. "You weren't thinking about my pleasure, only your own, so I thought about Mr. Bryan's cock to heighten my pleasure. Didn't work too well, because you came so quickly."

"Either way, gotta get dressed. Love ya," I said as I exited the shower.

The next few days were uneventful but on Thursday at school I overheard Zack talking to a friend during recess. "I know what the teacher looks like naked," he said to another boy. Being first grade boys they moved on to something else to talk about, but I realized I had to talk to Zack soon before he gets overheard by someone else.

When the children returned to the classroom I set about to keep the children busy with a project. Once they were occupied I asked the aide to watch the children while busy and took Zack down the hall to an unoccupied room.

"Zack, I heard you taking with Todd at recess today," I said. "Do you remember what you said to him?"

"We were talking about his toys," Zack said.

"Anything else," I asked?

"I told him about a game I played on daddy's phone," he said. "I told him about the pictures of you I found."

"Really," I said, "Where were the pictures?"

"On his phone," Zack said tentatively.

"Did your father say it was ok to look at the pictures," I asked.

"No," said Zack. "I just wanted to see the pictures."

"Did you know they were there," I said?

"No, Daddy sometimes takes pictures of when we do things," he said.

"So, can you tell me about the pictures," I asked?

"I only saw a couple," Zack said. "One was of you laying on the bed in Daddy's bedroom."

"The other was kind of hard to see," he said. "All I could see was the top of your head."

"Another you were close to Daddy with your hand on one of your boobies," Zack said.

"Ok, Zack, you know you shouldn't snoop on your father's phone. That wasn't nice and he might be mad at you," I said. I didn't want to let on to him how compromising those photos on his father's phone might be to me.

"OK," Zack said, "I won't do it again."

"Well that may not be enough. You shouldn't tell anyone, even your friends, about this, I said, "OK?"

"And when you get home and see your father, you need to tell him what you saw on the phone, and tell him you won't ever look at the pictures on his phone again," I said. "Do you understand?"

"Yes," Zack said with a guilty look on his face.

"Don't tell him that you told Todd about the pictures or that we had this conversation," I said.

"Will he be mad," Zack asked.

"Maybe, but he'll appreciate your honesty," I said.

We went back to the classroom after Zack had promised not to tell anyone about what he had done.

Around 7 that evening my cell buzzed with an unknown number.

"Hello," I answered.

"Hello Mrs. Boyd," a familiar voice intoned.

"Hello Mr. Bryan," I said, "how are you tonight."

"I understand from Zack that he may have seen some photos on my phone and I wanted to make you aware of the situation and to apologize for my indiscretion," he said.

"What do you mean," I asked.

"Well, it seems Zack was playing a game on my phone and stumbled into my photos. The most recent ones were the ones I took of you. You do recall, don't you?"

"Yes I recall quite well," I said trying to not let my husband hear. "What can I do to help?"

"I am not sure," he said. "Zack told me he had seen the photos while on my phone and I told him that he must tell no one about the photos."

"Did he ask anything about them," I said quietly.

"Oh yes, he was quite curious about them all," Phillip said.

"You'll have to tell me some time," I said trying to make the call at my end sound as professional as possible.

"I will," Phillip said, "perhaps the next time I fuck you?"

"Perhaps," I said. "Do you have any schedule as to when that might possibly happen?"

"That, beautiful lady, is entirely up to you," he said. "Oh, and by the way, I have transferred the pictures to my laptop. Now they are safe from prying eyes. But I would just love to be able to share them with some discrete friends at the office."

My husband was standing nearby and I didn't want him to pick up on what we were talking about, so I said, "That is up to you, it is something only you can control."

"Thanks for calling and filling me in," I said. "I'll keep an eye out at school for any more issues."

When I hung up my husband asked, "What was that?"

"Just one of the parents letting me know that his son is having a problem at school."

The next few days of school went pretty much as usual. No drama or surprises. Until Thursday.

Thursday evening after school was the monthly meeting of the teacher's union. The other teachers at my school had elected me as the union representative and I got to go to be brought up to date with any new union business or the situations with administrators trying to get in the way of our normal teaching duties. It had been a slow few months and I was pretty sure that the meeting would go quickly and uneventful.

Since the birth of my daughter and the changes that brought to my body, mostly in making my tits huge (I went from a 34C to a 34DD!), the men at the meeting started paying more attention to me and "chatting" me up before and after the formal meeting.

When I entered the meeting room I swear every man there stopped talking and starred at me as I walked across the room to a seat. Perhaps it is the way my large breasts giggle as I walk.

Whatever it is, I have come to enjoy the new level of attention I have been getting. It turns me on to look men in the eye and know that he is either thinking about me on my knees in front of them sucking their cock, or unhooking my bra to release my big tits, or pushing my knees open to relish the sight of my cunt before fucking me.

As I crossed the room I realized I was getting turned on and my pussy was tingling. I needed someone to pleasure me tonight.

The meeting started at the usual time and I realized that the Phys Ed teacher from the high school was coming toward me. "Can I sit next to the most beautiful teacher in the district," he asked with a smile?

"I don't know, I don't think she is a union rep, but you can sit by me," I answered coyly.

As usual with meetings, it went longer than expected. The guy sitting next to me kept glancing over at my tits. I caught him once and smiled. Being caught didn't stop the looks at my tits.

When the meeting ended I started to make small talk with the Phys Ed guy. Mostly about the union stuff, but some about how he likes High School teaching. He kept glancing at my tits all throughout our conversation.

I smiled at him when I caught him looking and used the old Seinfeld line, "Michael," I said, "They are real and they are spectacular."

We both got a good laugh that seemed to break the tension. He offered me a ride home, but I told him I had my minivan outside. He was quite taken that a "hottie" like myself would be driving a minivan.

I told him I was married and the minivan was for transporting my daughter and all her infant needs around. "Oh my God," he exclaimed, "you are such a MILF!"

I thanked him for the compliment and then he offered to show me his new car. We went outside and parked across the parking lot from all the other cars was his Audi TT. It is a very small car.

"Hop in," said, "I'll take you for a ride."

"Looks awfully small in there," I said as I bent over to look in the window." 

It was then that I felt his hands grasp my hips and he ground his crotch against my ass. One hand moved quickly to cup one of my breasts. I pushed back against his grinding and did not move his hand from my tit.

After a few moments of caressing the fullness of my large breasts, he said, "You are right, they are real and they are spectacular."

"No room in here," I said to him eagerly, "let's see if there is more room in my van."

I took his hand and we walked to my minivan. Once there I opened the door on the passenger side for the back seat and stepped in. He followed me in quickly.

"Sorry for the baby seat over there," I said, pointing to it. "I don't think it will be in our way."

Within 10 minutes I had my back up against the doors with him pressing tightly against me as we made out like two horny teenagers. He was kissing me passionately and I was eagerly returning his kisses. His hands were groping my full tits and my hand was caressing his hardening cock through his pants.

Ten minutes later he had my blouse unbuttoned and my bra unhooked. I had his pants undone and his cock in my hand. It was hot and hard.

Michael moved his head to my nipples and began flicking them with his tongue. They were hard and erect. I was eager to feel his mouth suck them eagerly.

It seemed he sensed my need and moved his lips to encircle one of my excited nipples and sucked eagerly while supporting the weight of my full breast with his hand.

Our passionate embrace, and a little help from Michael had pushed my skirt into a bunch around my waist. My pussy was barely covered by the small triangle of material that was my thong. Sitting there in my dark car, I thought Michael had not noticed that my cunt was almost exposed and he concentrated on fondling and sucking my tits.

Within moments I felt Michael's hand move to my thigh and slowly inch its way up toward my cunt. We were both aroused and breathing hard, his cock was rock hard in my hand and my cunt was oozing from arousal.

We continued to kiss passionately as his hand found its way to the small patch of material covering my pussy. He caressed me through the thin material of my thong momentarily before I felt one of his fingers slip under the material and caress my labia. I let out a gasp of pleasure at his touch.

Seconds later I felt another finger slip under the material and push the thong to the side completely exposing my excited cunt.

He caressed my vagina for a few moments before breaking our kiss. "My God, your pussy is shaved. I loved smooth cunts."

He then slowly inserted one, then two, fingers into my moist opening. Again I let out a gasp of pleasure feeling his fingers enter me. He returned to kissing me as he slowing began to finger fuck my oozing cunt. His fingers filled my vagina and his thumb began to seek out my erect clit. When his thumb found my clit and began circling its aroused nub, I let out a long moan even through our kiss.

Michael leaned back and smiled at me, "You like that I hear."

I didn't respond but pulled his head back to me and kissed him deeply. His fingers filled my excited cunt for several minutes. He was skilled at the art of pleasuring a woman with his fingers. I grew more and more excited as we kissed and he fingered me. With each thrust of his fingers into me, I clenched my vaginal muscles around his fingers and squeezed and stroked his cock shaft with my hand.

His fingers probed my cunt eagerly and skillfully for several minutes bringing me closer and closer to the pleasurable climax I sought. I wanted to move to a position where I could pleasure his thick cock with my mouth, but we were pressed tightly against the back seat door of my minivan.

He knew I wanted to pleasure him but was not eager to stop his fingering of my cunt. His fingers were covered by the natural lubrication I was oozing from the pussy he was so expertly pleasuring.

I squeezed and slowly stroked his rock hard cock as he fingered me, bringing me closer and closer to the orgasm I felt building in my pussy.

His thumb caressed my clit as his fingers pumped in and out of my cunt. I broke our passionate kiss and screamed as an intense orgasm coursed through my body. "Oh, God yes, ugghhhh..." I screamed over and over as wave after wave of pleasure convulsed my entire body. My tits shook as he held me tightly as I spasmed over and over.

His fingers remained inside my quivering vagina. My grip on his cock was firm as my body shook intensely with pleasure.

Gasping for breath as the pleasure waves continued for several long moments, I heard Michael moan and felt his cock throb. I felt his hot semen splash on my hand and my thigh as he shot jet after jet of sperm. He moaned loudly as he came. His cock throbbed repeatedly for several moments.

When we had both regained our composure after intense orgasms, I realized I was still gripping his cock and as it grew flaccid I released my hold on his cock. His cock twitched once more and another jet of semen splashed onto my thigh.

"Wow," Michael said, "I have never cum so hard in my life."

"Me too," I said, "You really know how to pleasure women. Your wife must be very well taken care of."

"Yea, I guess," he stammered. 

I said. "We both wanted this and no one will ever know."

"Fuck edmerm that," he said quickly, "I want to tell everyone." "I want the other guys to know everything."

We pulled our clothes back into place and then he said, "I really want to fuck you Sharon. You are the sexiest, most beautiful woman I have ever seen, but I need more that the chance to finger that tight, smooth cunt of yours and getting a hand job in return." "I want to fuck you and drain my balls deep inside of you."

"We'll see if we ever get the opportunity," I said off handed, "but right now I have to get home to my husband and daughter."

He got out of the car and stood by the driver's side window as I started the van. "Perhaps next month, after that meeting?" he asked.

"I'll be at the meeting, but I am making no promises," I said as I put the van into drive.