 It was a beautiful summer day and I was in a hurry when I heard from a passing car, "You've got great tits!" I turned to see a pretty good looking guy in a convertible slowly passing and he was smiling directly at me. "What a fucking jerk," I thought to myself, but I resisted simply giving him the finger and continuing on.

By this time he had stopped the car. I walked up to his car and looked him in the eye and said, "Yes, yes I do, and thank you." He was pretty glib and confident, though I couldn't believe that he would resort to such a crude pick-up line, and that it had ever worked.

I looked him directly in the eyes when I thanked him. They were deep blue and his gaze never wavered. He was confident in himself and his statement. I knew it was going to be an interesting experience.

Ok, more about myself. I am Sharon; 30 years old, married with no children. I work as a school teacher and live in the suburbs. I am 5ft. 7 inches tall and weigh just about 125. I have been told I have a great body, and I love working out. Secretly I enjoy the stares I get from men, and my husband isn't the jealous type.

"Why don't we go for a little ride and get to know each other better?" he said, staring directly at my boobs. "Are you talking to me, or them?" I asked. "I sort of have to go along with them, it is kind of complicated and I'll have to hope you understand how it works."

"Fine with me," he said. "Now that I can take my eyes off of those gorgeous tits, you certainly do them justice." "We're a team, what you see is what you get," I said.

He was an attractive man, but his sexual rudeness and smugness needed to be addressed. I knew the risks of getting into his car, but I had my cell phone so I was certain I would be in contact with someone if needed. I planned on teasing him as long as I could before he realized my game.

I was wearing a white blouse that buttoned up the front, showing a bit of cleavage, and a black skirt and high heels. He hadn't mentioned it, but I also have gorgeous legs.

So, with every idea of showing this man that a woman can be attractive and also in control, I reached out and opened the car door.

Once I was in, he stuck out his hand and said, "Hello gorgeous, I'm Bob. Glad to see you in real life, I have been dreaming about you for years." I shook his hand and said, "Hello Bob, I am gorgeous Sharon." As I shook his hand his eyes went again to my cleavage. What a pig.

He drove off smiling to himself as I accessed the situation. The top was down, the sun was warm, and he kept glancing over at my chest. I figured I'd unbutton a few buttons, show him my lacy bra, maybe more if I could get him panting and begging, and have him drive me back to where he picked me up.

Every time he glanced over at me I pushed my chest out and looked back into his eyes to entice him. I was also starting on the buttons.

I sat in his car and turned my body so that my back was against the door looking over at him and slowly unbuttoned the first of several. He looked over and his eyes widened. "You said you liked my tits," I said. "Do you want to see more?" He stared and mumbles something like "Oh, hell yes." 

He kept driving and I kept unbuttoning until the blouse was completely open in front. My lace bra barely contained my big tits and I was getting excited at the thought of showing this guy my boobs. He kept driving and staring over and spending more and more time looking at my tits rather than the road. When we started to run off the road, I pulled the blouse closed and said, "We need to find someplace where we can stop. This isn't safe."

"I know just the place," he said.

A few minutes later we pulled off Lake Shore Boulevard onto a small road that years ago was the zoo. Zoo Road was aptly named because it was about 2 miles long and made a big loop through a very unpopulated area. Rumor had it that people went there for sex, both gay and straight.

When he stopped the car, I looked over at him and said, "This is pretty remote, should I be worried about you trying something?" "A smirk crossed his face and he said, "of course."

"Then I should have you take me back to the plaza," I said. "But if you do what you've seen already is all you'll get." "Let's stay here and chat for awhile," he said.

"Chat? Well then let me button this back up," I said. "No, no, don't be in such a hurry. I love what I saw earlier. Any chance I can see them again?" I slowly opened my blouse and his eyes grew wider again. "I was right," he said, "You do have great tits." "Could I convince you to show me more?" Slowly I slid the blouse off my shoulders and threw it at him. 

My sheer lace bra didn't cover much and his gaze was directly on my rapidly hardening nipples. "Beautiful, simply beautiful," he said. 

I unbuckled my seat belt and turned and put my feet up on the car's console and spread my legs slightly. "If you think these are great, perhaps I should show you what else I have to offer."

I have always been turned on by knowing that men are looking at me. Though I am usually proper, being a school teacher doesn't allow for wild excesses, I will admit that I often notice the fathers of the students taking a long hard look during parent/teacher conferences. Several of the men in the neighborhood spend a lot of time outdoors when I am relaxing by our pool, and a couple of men at parties have come on to me quite openly. I am always flattered, but really haven't considered anyone other than my husband since we got married. Don't get me wrong; before I got married I had a number of boyfriends and lovers. I like sex and I like the effect my sexual skills can have on men.

Anyway, I got up on my knees on the seat of the car and leaned over so that my tits were about to spill out of my bra and moved closer to his face. I grabbed his head and pushed my tits to his face. I felt his hands go up to my boobs and he held them, through my bra for a few moments. While he was squeezing the girls I reached around and unclasp the bra hooks. When I pulled back my bra was in his hands and I was topless as I moved back from him. I coyly covered part of my breasts with my hand and said, "Is this what you were hoping for?"

"More than a handful, even for my hands," he said. "I love big tits like yours." 

"All natural too." I said. 

I sat back against the car door again and slowly took my hands away from my breasts. He smiled and complemented me again. "Ok. You've seen them," I said. "Let's head back to the plaza." "No, wait," he said as I started to reach for my bra. "Can't we just wait awhile? Tits like yours are something to savor and enjoy." 

I pulled the bra from his grasp and sat back. "So you plan is that I'm going to sit here with my tits out for you to 'savor'?" "It may be a nice day, but I'm not sitting here in your car with my tits out." 

"Well, we could always fuck," he said. 

"Well, aren't you the Mr. Confident?" I said. "Just because I got in your car after your rude remark and my teasing went a little farther than I planned, doesn't mean I'm planning of fucking you." "I don't fuck strangers."

"Why not?" he said. "It will be something you'll never forget." "I have a big dick and am a pretty good fuck," he said. "If you do say so yourself," I said.

"No really, my dick is huge!" "And I should believe you because?" I said.

"Because it's true." "Here, I'll show you." He said as he un-buckled his seat belt and reached for his zipper.

"Ok, Mr. Big Talk, let's see what you got." "You owe me." "You've seen my tits, let's see what you got!" I said.

He reached for his belt and unbuckled it, then slid down the zipper to his pants. There was, as I expected-after all I was showing him my gorgeous tits, a bulge in his pants, so I was hoping that he wasn't all talk. He unhooked his pants and opened them to reveal a pretty sizable dick. Not huge, but bigger than my husband's. He wasn't completely hard, and I noticed that he was un-circumcised with his foreskin still covering most of his cockhead. It was fairly thick and I must admit it looked pretty good.

Every woman imagines that an uncircumcised cock will be different, and from my past experiences they can be. Don't get me wrong, I've only had one other, but it was different. Circumcised cocks get erect and the head stands out, uncircumcised ones the head is partially hidden by the foreskin until it is fully aroused.

"Nice," I said. "Is that as big as it's going to get?" I teased. 

"Is that as big as your tits are going to get?" he replied. "Yep, sometimes when I'm aroused the nipples get bigger." "Do you think my tits need to get bigger?"

"Well if you want it bigger I guess you'll have to give it some encouragement." He said. "And what sort of encouragement would you suggest? I said. "A little oral stimulation might help." He said.

Leaning forward, I moved toward his cock. As I got closer I opened my mouth looking into his eyes, I said. "Come on little fellow, you can get bigger than that, I'm sure of that." "Very funny," he said, "but not exactly what I meant."

"What did you expect?" "I'm not in the habit of sucking off any guy who whips out his dick." I said, "Even a nice looking one like yours."

"Oh, like what you see, eh?" He said. "It is not too bad, but I've seen bigger." I teased. "Well, it can be bigger, lots bigger." He bragged.

"Well he doesn't seem to be responding to me very well. Perhaps he doesn't like me."

"Oh, he likes you, he likes you a lot. He just needs some encouragement."

"More than I've already given him? What could little ole me do to encourage him further?" I asked.

"Use your imagination." He said.

With that I moved back, looking him in the eyes I moved to be kneeling on the car seat. I moved my hand to the zipper on the side of my skirt and slowly started pulling it down. 

His eyes moved back and forth from my tits to my hand on the zipper. I slid the zipper down and slid out of my skirt and threw it on the floor of the car. I was wearing a black lacy thong, his eyes grew even wider as I climbed over the console of the car and placed my knees on either side of his legs. I boldly reached down and grasp his cock in my hand. As I pulled it out of his pants I realized that he wasn't wearing underwear. "Pretty confident he was going to get come today isn't he? I thought to myself. I could feel him become more and more aroused as I briefly held his cock. "It seems to like me being closer." I whispered.

I put my hands on the back of the car seat and lowered my pussy and started rubbing it on his cock. My tits were in his face and he brought his hands up to cup their fullness. I brushed my barely covered pussy over his cock slowly, feeling it thicken and continue to get fully aroused. Through the thin material of my thong I could feel the heat of his cock. As he became more and more aroused his cock pushed harder and harder against my cunt. I felt myself flushing with excitement as his cock grew longer and thicker. I could also feel his tongue flicking over my nipples and they hardened as I grew more excited. 

I pushed myself back from him and then leaned back to lower my head to kiss him. His tongue was eagerly probing my mouth for a few seconds. As I ground my pussy against his hard cock I felt the thin material of my lacy thong shifting. It slowly slid over until I could feel the heat of his cock on my excited cunt lips. 

I pulled back and looked him again in the eyes. "God your cock is hot! It feels so fucking good." I said. 

Slowly I slid my moist cunt along the shaft of his thick cock feeling it throb. I could tell he wanted it inside of me, probably as much as I did, but I continued to tease him for a few more minutes.

I was so involved with the sensations of his cock against my cunt lips I didn't even notice a car slowly approaching. I only heard it as it slowly pulled to a stop next to Bob's car. I looked over to see a guy looking over at us smiling. He was enjoying the show, so I thought I'd give him a better view so I pulled back and arched my back to give him a good look at my breasts. Bob raised his hands to cup them and I turned and smiled. I was feeling like such a tease.

He watched for a few more minutes and then gave me a smile and a "thumbs up" gesture. I smiled back at him and blew him a kiss as he drove off.

Bob said, "He got a good show." "Yea, I love to be watched," I said.

I pushed my tits back to Bob's face and he continued to lick and suck my nipples.

As I grew hotter and hotter I felt my aroused cunt lips wrap further and further around Bob's cock. I was pushing his cock hard against his body and I could feel him shifting with every grind I made to move his cock head closer to my opening. 

To tease him even more I slid up further and his cock head partially entered my vagina. I could feel him pushing to get more into me, but I pushed hard against his body to stop him from entering further.

I then stopped grinding against him. I looked into his eyes and said, "Bob, do you have any condoms?" His eyes widened as I asked and he kind of nodded and mumbled something.

I slid off of him and his cock stood straight up. I moved back to the seat and said, "We need more space if you are going to fuck me. Do you have a blanket?"

He nodded and reached for the door to quickly get to the trunk. Within a few seconds he had opened the trunk, gotten out a blanket and moved to my side of the car. I told him to spread it our near the car and he eagerly complied. He opened the car door for me and I slowly got out of the car. I readjusted my thong and wearing only that and my heels; I moved to the blanket and sat down. He was standing next to the blanket, trying to hold up his pants while just simply looking at me.

I lay down on my back and lifted my knees and spread my legs. He still stood and simply looked at me. "Well, are you going to get undress or stand there looking? I asked.

"I'm sorry," he said, "I just think you are beautiful and I can't stop looking." "Well thank you, but I really want to fuck," I said.

"Here," I said, lifting one of my legs and hips, "help me off with this." He dropped his pants and stepped out of them and moved forward. Instead of helping me slide the thong off he grabbed the string and yanked it. My thong split and he was kneeling there with it in his hand. 

I lay back down and slowly spread my legs to show him my cunt. He hadn't even commented on the fact that it was shaved smooth during the entire time I was grinding it against his cock. His cock was standing straight out, hard and ready.

My legs were spread and he was kneeling between them, his cock straight out. He grasp it in his hand and started to move to me. It was bigger than I imagined and I was hoping that his earlier brag about being a good fuck was true.

He moved closer and I felt him put the head to my vagina. He slowly ran the head up and down on my cunt lips and put his hand gently on my belly. As he was about to start penetrating me I said, "Hold on Bob, I don't believe you have a condom on that cock."

He moved back from me and said, "Do I really need to put one on? You know we both want this and the time is now." "I want it as much as you do, Bob," I said, "I can't wait to feel that big dick of yours in me." "But I don't even know your name, so I guess I can't take any chances."

"So, no glove, no love," I joked. "Believe me, it will be worth it," I teased.

He quickly moved back to his pants and fumbled through his pockets until he came out with a condom. "It isn't lubricated, is that a problem?" he asked. 

I slowly spread my legs and reached down between my legs to spread myself open to his gaze. "You tell me," I said.

He opened the condom and held it in his hand. "Want to help?" he said. "You look like you know what you are doing," I said.

He rolled the condom down over his cock and slowly moved to me again.

"I liked the way you started earlier," I said. He held his cock in his hand and again rubbed the head slowly up and down in my slit. He again placed his hand on my belly and I lifted my hips as his cock started to slide into me. "God your cunt is hot," he said, "and tight." 

He pushed and his beautiful thick cock slowly slid into me. His cock was thick and I could feel the walls of my vagina being spread to accommodate his thickness. It felt wonderful.

Inch my inch his massive cock slid in. I knew his was one of the biggest I had ever had, but I was confident I could take him all. "Oh God, you are so big," I heard myself saying. "Slowly, let me get used to it, it's so big." 

He pushed his cock slowly but completely into my cunt and moaned. "Like it I hear," I said. "You are so hot and tight," he said. "I just love the feel of a shaved cunt."

He lowered himself onto me and I wrapped my legs partially around him rolling my hips back to allow him to penetrate me all the way. He was all the way into me and slowly started to withdraw. To my surprise he pulled his cock almost all the way out of me, leaving juts the head inside. Slowly, again he filled me with his cock.

In and out slowly at first he fucked me.

We were laying there on the blanket with him slowly sliding in and out when I heard a car approaching. I was so caught up in the pleasure he was giving me that I paid no attention until I heard the car stop. "Mind if I park here?" someone said.

I whispered into Bob's ear, "Let him watch. I don't want to stop, do you?" "She says you can watch, is that ok?" I shielded my eyes from the sun to look over at the car. It was the same guy who stopped earlier. 

Our friend pulled his car to the side of the road, turned it off, and rolled down his window for a better view Bob started slowly fucking me again to the great pleasure of our friend. I lifted my hips to allow Bob deep penetration and to let the fellow see him disappearing in and out of my cunt.

Bob was actually a better lover than I expected. I figured he was one of those guys who was all talk and no action, but Bob was slow and gentle until I started urging him to speed up and fuck me harder. As his pace picked up I felt the entire length of his cock disappear into me, stretching me quite a bit and feeling his shaft scrape over my rapidly hardening clit. He was, it seemed, going to be able to make me cum.

After about 5-6 minutes of hard fucking I could feel Bob's cock getting bigger and thicker as he came closer and closer to coming.

He pushed himself all the way into me and stopped for a moment.

"Stop, Bob stop, please stop," I said to him. He pulled back slightly and looked me in the eyes, "Really?" "Yes, really, Bob, you have to stop," I said. "Why," he said, "am I hurting you?" "No, but you have to stop." I could tell by the look on his face that he was crushed. "But I didn't come yet," he said. "Stop, just stop, don't make me tell you again," I said.

I was lying on my back and his cock was still in me as he slowly moved off my body. He moved to a kneeling position between my legs, a portion of his cock still inside me.

"Take it all the way out," I said. As he complied with my request, I slowly reached my hand to his cock. I wrapped my hand around his cock and slowly pulled the condom off his cock. I dropped the condom and smiled up at him. He knew exactly what my meaning was and he quickly re-inserted his cock into my cunt.

He was even more excited that he was when we started feeling the moistness of my vagina. He eagerly began fucking me harder and harder deeply thrusting his cock deep into my hot wet cunt. I knew he was enjoying it even more bareback that he did when we were using a condom and that he wouldn't last much longer.

Bob was breathing hard and I knew he was close. Bob again pushed himself deep into me and screamed, "Oh, fuck yea," and started shooting jet after jet of come deep in my cunt. He held my hips tight and pushed himself as far in as he could get as he shot rope after rope of sperm into me. It felt like a huge load and it seems like he just kept coming and coming.
