 Part 1

Kate crawled out of the tent at first light, already fully dressed, and surveyed the wreckage of her surroundings. Everything looked strange. As far as she could see in every direction the ground was covered with leaves and flowers and large branches that the wind had torn from the canopy during the most violent parts of the storm. The trees were still dripping heavy drops and the ground was slick and dark. There were deep puddles everywhere and some of the rocks were covered with oozes and slimes. Mosses and fungi had sprung up seemingly overnight with the heavy rain. She noticed that Chad had secured all of the valuable gear under a heavy tarp where it would be dry and safe. 

Kate sat on her haunches and unwrapped a nutrition bar and wolfed it down, wondering when Chad had found time to arrange the tarp. She hadn't given a single thought to anything except getting inside the tent and getting out of her wet clothes after the storm caught them on their way back from field work last night. Not for the first time she felt grateful for Chad's foresight. 

Kate sat there for a few minutes listening to the sounds. It was only just before sunset and sunrise like this, she reflected, that you ever got a real sense of how every nook and cranny of the forest was teeming with life. The birds and insects and frogs were difficult to see during the day because they were so well camouflaged and because they kept so still and quiet. But at moments like this it was plain to the ear, and sometimes to the naked eye, that she was surrounded by a seemingly infinite variety of new and strange species.

Most mornings when Kate listened to the birds, at least on this trip, she was struck by the sharpness and urgency of their interwoven calls, the males and females trying to locate each other and consummate their desires, their lusts really. It must have been something about the heaviness and stillness of the atmosphere this morning, though, with the mist still pouring off the foliage, because the cries sounded mellower and more subdued than normal, almost as if the birds were tired from a long, anxious night sheltering from the storm. She sat there listening for a long time before she looked out over the lake below and saw the clouds glowing like dull coals on the horizon. She turned instinctively in the opposite direction and saw the moon, just a thin sliver of blue rock, about to disappear behind the mountains. It would be the new moon tonight.

Her thoughts drifted back to a conversation she had had with Karin and Jess in the restaurant of the hotel in Dar es Salaam, over breakfast, that first morning of the trip. It was only two weeks ago but it seemed like another lifetime now. She remembered apologizing to the younger women for being such a bitch that morning, and explaining that her hormones had gone haywire from going off the pill and trying for a baby with Brian. She remembered stealing glances at the undergrad table where Chad was flirting with the girls. Even then she'd been attracted to him. Karin told her how wonderful it felt when your hormones finally balanced out and you started ovulating again, following your natural cycle. She told her how powerful and confident you felt on your fertile days. Kate knew what she meant now.

Kate had no idea what would happen after the difficult night she had endured with Chad— the heated argument, and the cruel words, and the long, intimate talk that followed. She smiled to herself remembering how she and Chad had used their hands and mouths to apologize to each other afterwards. She'd gotten a few hours of sleep at most. 

Christ Chad was a wonderful lover! He was the best she'd ever had, in some ways. He was maybe even better than her soon to be ex-husband. Chad was very good at the hard and intense stuff, of course, though she had to admit that Brian had a particular knack for just taking a woman, and using her, when the moment was right. But there was no doubt that Chad was more skillful at all the "extras" before and afterwards, the kissing and licking and fingering and sucking. It was something about the ardency that came more spontaneously to a young guy (it still shocked her sometimes how young he was!) and the thrill of finding himself alone and naked with an older woman, an adult with authority. She was someone he looked up to and wanted to please. He never seemed to tire of smelling her and tasting her and she loved the way he took his sweet time doing it.

Kate stood up suddenly and arranged the small backpack on her shoulders. She didn't know what would come of last night, but she knew exactly what she wanted to do this morning. She wanted to say goodbye to Brad and Mahalia, and she wanted to do it alone. She was sure that she would see them back with M group sometime in the remaining two weeks of the trip, but she was also sure that once they returned to the group that would be changed irrevocably. She had something she wanted to say to Mahalia before then. She had something to ask her, even if she couldn't say what. Mahalia would understand. She strode into the forest, still dark with shadow, walking carefully and quietly so as not to awaken Chad.

As she followed the trail to Brad and Mahalia's nest (she and Chad had beaten a pretty good path to the spot over the last few days) she replayed the details of the argument from the night before, shaking her head when she remembered how crazily she'd acted.

"What do you mean I raped you!?" Chad exclaimed, the sweat still pouring down his chest in rivulets and his blue eyes blazing with indignation. "How can that possibly make sense when what you're angry about is that I did NOT come inside you!?"

"I mean you raped me emotionally," Kate cried, Chad's sperm covering her breasts and belly in thick drops. "I mean that it was cruel! You wanted to hear me say it didn't you? You wanted me to ask you for it!" 

"Maybe I did," Chad replied, exasperated. "I don't know! I'm sorry! But are you actually saying that you're mad at me for NOT coming inside you and getting you pregnant?! Are you actually screaming at me for deciding NOT to knock you up with the baby of a 20-year old-college student from one of your classes? I mean, how would that look? How would you explain it to the other professors?"

"I wouldn't explain fucking anything to anybody!" Kate seethed, shaking her hands at him. "I'd tell them that I had a one-night stand with some random guy I met in Africa and they should mind their own damn business! Fucking perverted old men! You'll be just like them some day, I bet!"

"But the news will get out eventually, Kate," Chad countered, refusing to take the bait, Kate couldn't help remembering, and holding his hands out steadily in front of him to show her how reasonable and calm he was being. "You'll be fired, okay? There's no way they'll give you tenure when you are pregnant with a student's baby."

"O yes they fucking will!" Kate hissed, getting madder and madder the more reasonably Chad tried to behave.

"How?"

"Because I'm going to write a fucking brilliant paper about our research with Brad and Mahalia," Kate ranted, fishing a bandana from her backpack and wiping the sperm from her breasts, "and it's going to be obvious to everyone that I deserve tenure on the merits! And because they aren't going to do shit about punishing me for fucking a student, and having his baby, because if they do then I am going to ruin all of them, including Brian!"

Kate threw the bandana at Chad's head, scowling when he ducked to the side and avoided it, and went right on ranting, puffing her chest out and waving a long finger in the air, right in Chad's face. She looked down and saw that her nipples were rock hard and sticking straight out in front of her and she was glad because she liked the effect it made. She looked angrier and more threatening somehow:

"I am going to MAKE Brian promise me that he will do EVERYTHING in his power to guarantee my tenure. And he CAN guarantee it! He's THAT important, and THAT famous. Do you know how much he brings in to the university in grant money every year? No way do they fire me if Brian backs me. And he WILL back me, because he owes it to me and he knows it. And because he's the last person in the world who wants people to start getting all ethical all of the sudden about indiscretions with students. To start talking about stuff like that in public."

The more Kate said the more bewildered Chad looked. She couldn't blame him. She was dumbfounded herself. It wasn't until right at that moment that Kate realized how intricately she'd planned it all out, every detail, over the nights and days she'd been alone with Chad (maybe even before that!). It could really work! Somehow in her subconscious mind she'd worked out every detail so that she could have exactly what she wanted. And she KNEW what she wanted. It all depended on how convincing she could be when she told Brian exactly what was going to happen and exactly what he was going to do. And right now she wanted some things in her life very badly, and she felt very confident that she could be convincing! That was all it would take for her to get what she wanted: tenure, and recognition, and a big lab, and a beautiful baby! 

"But why do you want to have a baby with someone who's not going to be a good husband and a normal dad?" Chad pleaded with her, lowering his voice, and holding her by the shoulders. He looked straight in her eyes. "Why not just stay with Brian and have HIS baby then, if the baby's not going to have a real father anyway! I mean, at least if Brian was the father the baby would be better off financially."

Kate changed her tone immediately. She recognized that Chad was really thinking it through with her and she realized that this was her best opportunity to make him see her side. Maybe all he needed was a little encouragement, a little self-confidence.

"You're going to do great financially!" she beamed at him. "You don't need to worry about that one bit! It's obvious to everyone the minute they meet you that you are going to go very far in life." Kate scooted a little closer to Chad (they were facing each other kneeling) and dropped her hand to his thigh. "How much would you make playing in the MLS for a few years anyway?"

"I don't know. It depends" Chad stammered, flustered by the change in mood, but relieved that the worst seemed over for the moment. Kate could tell that he was eager to please her if he thought it would keep her calm. She leaned forward and flashed her eyes to encourage him. 

"My coach tells me that there's some serious interest in me from some pretty good teams," said Chad, "but I'm not a superstar or anything, and it's not like the really rich leagues in Europe, so I'd probably start at something like 80k a year. It's not much, Kate!"

"It's more than enough!" Kate beamed again, squeezing his thigh a little harder. "That will be terrific for you! You'll be self-sufficient in no time! You could even save a little bit. It will be really nice for you to have some money in the bank if you decide to go to grad school and be a professor like me."

Kate could tell that the flattery was working like a charm, probably because she meant it sincerely, even if she was laying it on a little thick. She brought her other hand to his forehead and cleared the bangs from his eyes. "I make plenty from the university to support a kid. To support a few kids if I want them! And soon I'll be making much more. I'll get promoted to tenure next year, and publish my book, and then the royalties will start pouring in. I know they will. It won't be like with you and your mom. I promise."

Chad still looked bewildered but Kate could sense that he was listening carefully. She knew it was the right moment. All he needed was a little reassurance! She drew her hands away from him and sat up straighter on her knees. She took a long, slow breath, looking Chad straight in the eyes and pouring as much conviction and warmth as she could muster into her deep, brown eyes:

"And it's different making a baby with you because I have different expectations. With Brian all I ever wanted was to raise a child with Brian. But now that I'm not with Brian all I want is to raise a child by myself. Does that make sense?"

Chad nodded.

Kate took another deep breath and tried to think carefully. She knew she was about to play some of her best cards, and she knew it was a little bit wrong. Because in order to play those cards she needed to manipulate Chad, to draw on all the intimate knowledge she'd acquired about him in their brief nights of flirtation, and courtship, and mutual disclosure, knowledge about his weaknesses, and fears, and kinks, about the things he was most ashamed of. She knew it was wrong but she also knew that she couldn't stop herself either. She wanted something very badly, and she had some very desirable things to offer, and she was going to make sure that she got full value for them. She dropped one hand to Chad's thigh, casually, and brought the other to his chest, tilting her head to the side and flashing him her best heart-melting smile, warm and generous, but always with a little mischief at the edges:

"And it's different making a baby with you because I love you in a different way than I ever loved Brian." Kate told him, holding his gaze steadily. "I'm not depending on you for anything, okay?"

Chad nodded again, looking more lost than ever.

"Well, I'm depending on you for one thing, actually" Kate teased him, letting her eyes fall to his crotch and moving her hand slowly to the back of his neck. She leaned forward and brought her mouth to his ear. "I'm depending on you for a hard fuck on my fertile day and a pussy full of sperm, okay? I'm depending on you for that as often as you can do it."

Her hand was resting on his back now and she could tell he'd stopped breathing. She sat up higher until her womanly breasts were level with his eyes, sticking her chest out subtly until she had his full attention.

"And if you give me that, tiger" Kate purred, sliding her other hand to his testicles, and caressing them tenderly. "If you give me a hard fuck on my fertile day and a pussy full of sperm, I'll give you anything you want."

Kate could sense that she'd played her first card well, if the length and fatness of Chad's cock was any indication, and that it was time play her second. She drew her hands away slowly and sat back on her heels, creating some space between them. 

"I meant what I said last night. If you give me a baby, then you can have a home with me. Always. You can go pursue your dreams, and be big soccer star, or go to grad school in California or something, or whatever you want, and during the off-season, or the summers, or the holidays you can always come home to us. And we'll both love you. The baby and I will both love you." 

Kate finished and watched Chad carefully as he digested everything that had just happened, his expressions shifting. She could tell that he had been touched by her offer, and she knew that for a kid like Chad the vision of a home with her would be deeply appealing. Vut she also could tell that his head was seriously messed up from how quickly she'd just spun it. He was right on the edge. She couldn't blame him. The poor kid!

"Then you're not just asking me to fuck you and make you pregnant!" Chad snapped, finally, his frustration evident. "You're not just asking me to fuck you!" he raved, waving HIS finger now and looking out of control. "You're asking me to be a father to a baby and I'm not ready for that! And you're not ready to be a mother either, okay! Because you are acting crazy. Just listen to yourself, Kate! You sound completely insane!"

Of all the things that Chad might have said to her just then there was nothing that could have cut straighter to the bone. If Kate had a nickel for every time that a man had told her that she was acting insane in the heat of an argument—her lying father, and her lying husband especially—when they were trying to talk her out of some complaint she had, or some desire she had, that made perfect sense. If Kate had a nickel for every time she'd been told that she was acting crazy by a man—by a desperate, petty, defensive man who couldn't tolerate the truth—then she would be a wealthy woman. To be told the same thing by Chad at that moment triggered something overpowering inside her.

"Of course I'm insane," she hissed at Chad, her eyes welling with tears. "Of course I'm insane for imagining that a guy like you, from your background, could be expected to take any responsibility at all for his actions! That he could even be bothered to visit his baby a few times a year! That I could ask him for that, at least! No, with guys like you, it's all about the thrill of using a woman, and knocking her up, and bragging to all the other losers back home about what a slut she is! It's just like that first night when you got me high and came inside me twice. I bet you'll really enjoy laughing about that one with the boys." 

"Oh, so now you're mad at me for the time that I DID come in your pussy!" Chad raved again, the hurt clear in his eyes, and the confusion too. "That's terrific. Because then you must not be angry at all about tonight when I did NOT come in your pussy! Jesus Kate. What do you want from me? You go crazy on me if I do what you tell me and you go crazy on me if I don't! How am I supposed to know what game you're playing, or what the rules are?"

It wasn't the first time that Kate had been told something like this by a man either, and the fact that she could see some justice in the accusation didn't make her feel any less enraged. It made her feel angrier in fact, because she resented the sudden jab of shame in the pit of her stomach when it felt so much more fulfilling to be righteous. That ungrateful little prick! She was willing to give him everything! Everything!

"Fine, Chad. Have it your way. If I'm so fucking crazy! I guess it's better then if you don't work in my lab this summer, and you don't live in my guesthouse, okay? I take it all back. You'll have to go home to mommy after all, I guess, because I WAS insane to think that there was any future with a guy like you!"

Then Kate saw something that drained the sense of righteous indignation straight out of her, and made her realize how unfair she was being to Chad—how much she was unloading all of the anger and frustration she felt toward her husband and father on a boy who didn't deserve any of it, how much she was expecting from him when he was far too youthful to live up to her demands, how badly she was using him, in a way, to get through a tough time in her life. Chad's head was bent, and his shoulders were slumped. His chest was heaving. He looked smaller somehow, and more delicate. In all the times that Kate had been naked with Chad, and close to him, she had never before been struck so forcibly by the extreme youthfulness of his body. He was a powerful guy, no doubt, with broad shoulders and a barrel chest, but in many ways he still had the skin, and muscle tone, and proportions of an adolescent boy. When he looked up at her his eyes were red and swollen and his cheeks were shining with tears.

Kate changed her tone right away, chastising herself.

"I'm sorry, tiger," she told him, reaching a hand to his shoulder. Chad shook it off, angrily, and turned away from her.

"I'm sorry, tiger," she told him, again, reaching both hands to his shoulders this time and pulling him toward her. "I mean it. It's all my fault. I'm being so unfair."

Chad struggled with her for a few seconds but before long he relaxed and she was able to take him in her arms.

She held him like that for a long time and Chad ended up telling her a lot of things. He told her how hard it was for him, because of growing up with his mother, to see a woman act so unpredictably and irrationally, and for a woman to depend on him for something that he wasn't adult enough to give her. And he told her how much it meant to him when Kate offered to let him work for her, and live with her, and maybe even have a home with her eventually, even if he didn't understand exactly what kind of home it would be. He told her it didn't really matter. Because if she could give him that, a place to come back to for affection and guidance in the unpredictable years ahead, and a friend to come back to, then he would try to give her what she wanted too. He would try his best. He would give her a baby if she wanted one that badly because it would good for their friendship and that would be good for him too. And he did think he could be a good father to their baby in the way Kate explained it to him, the way Chad wished that his father could have been with him. He'd visit the little girl or boy on holidays like clockwork and he'd be part of her life. But there was one thing he couldn't get past. Kate would be in a serious relationship with someone else at some point, no doubt about it. She'd probably even get married again. And what would happen then? Chad explained that he wasn't in love with Kate, exactly, but he kind of was. Just the thought of her with another guy made him feel insanely jealous.
