 Part 1

By the time Kate looked up from her notebook it was twilight and the moon had already cleared the horizon. Her stomach dropped when she saw it: huge, dark, and perfectly round, looming above the lake.

Kate knew what it meant. She knew beyond the shadow of a doubt. She could tell by how full and ripe and sensitive her breasts felt, and her lips, and by the fact that her panties felt cool against her skin because she'd been wet practically all day and they were soaked by now, not to mention the way her stomach kept doing flips. And she could tell by how calm and fearless her thoughts had been too. Her post-doc Karin had told her once that a woman felt more creative and energetic when she went off the pill and followed her natural cycle and now Kate finally knew what she meant. She flipped through her notebook, shaking her head in disbelief. There were so many pages filled her with her tiny, indecipherable scrawl, and every sentence and idea was clear as a bell. She knew she had the draft of a brilliant article and she knew that it would make her career.

Kate stretched her arms above her head and sighed deeply, trying to piece together the events of the last ten hours. 

The day had passed quickly, in a blur of activity, after she and Chad made the decision to stay one more night in the cloud forest and then return to the lodge at daybreak. She smiled remembering their conversation. They both talked a good game. They told each other all the right things to keep each other from getting too anxious and freaked out to actually follow through: that they were staying in order to get the gear packed correctly, and to make sure that all the data and video and notes and such were in proper order for the long hike down the mountain. But they both knew why they were really staying. They both knew that they wanted to have one more night alone together in the tent where they could talk and tease and touch and screw each other for as long as they wanted, and as loud as they wanted, and in whatever position happened to cross their mind, without worrying about whether the postdocs Karin and Jess might hear them in their tiny bedrooms in the women's cottage, or worse, whether Kate's soon to be ex-husband Brian might still be at camp and they'd need to cool it for a while to keep up appearances. 

Kate laughed out loud remembering how Chad sweet talked her into taking a "bath" with him at the stream after they finished planning. They walked slowly and quietly through the forest, both tired from a long night of arguing and sex, and when they came to the grassy slope near the bank of their favorite swimming hole they turned and faced each other and stripped out of their clothes, slowly and quietly too. She unbuttoned her loose white shirt and slid it from her shoulders, Chad's blue eyes surveying her hungrily. She shimmied her hips and bent forward to slide the black yoga pants from her hips, then down her long, lean legs. She stood up straight again and unfastened her bra, Chad's eyes flashing as her ripe breasts spilled forward. He stepped toward her right away, like a reflex. 

Kate sat on her haunches and stared vacantly at the moon, savoring the details of the morning. Before she knew it she had her tongue in his mouth and his cock in her hand and she was stroking him gently, feeling him swell. She wrapped her hand around him tight and pulled him toward the water, backing up slowly as she gripped him by the base. She shivered with pleasure remembering the moment when they finally stepped under the falls and the cold water hit them . . . the raw surprise . . . their skin steaming. She stepped closer to him, into the circle of his heat, and held the little bar of soap in her hand and brought it to his crotch. He smiled down at her, so pleased with himself. She loved it when he looked at her that way. Like she was a fine meal spread out for him on a big table and even he couldn't quite believe that he was about to sit down and devour it. 

They stood under the waterfall for a long time while they kissed and explored each other's bodies, Kate soaping and caressing Chad all over, slowly and carefully, covering every inch of him in thick lather. She paid special attention to his cock, of course. His scepter and crown and heavy round balls. Jesus, she blushed, remembering the smug grin on his face as he looked down and watched her practically worshipping his cock, her breasts swelling and her eyes filled with fascination and lust. It must really get him off, she thought, shaking her head. She still couldn't believe how quickly this punk college kid had seduced her. All those careful strategies he'd used to make her feel comfortable with him, and friendly toward him, and hungry for his body, getting closer and closer, until she gave him what he wanted, what girls always gave him: her whole self, wet and willing. She was practically his sex toy or something by now the way she couldn't keep her hands off him or her legs together and how she let him have her now pretty much whenever and however he wanted. 

She remembered standing under the cold falls with Chad's hot cock throbbing in the flat of her hand while she soaped him all over and their tongues twined slowly together, their breath mingling. She leaned back a little so she could look at him. He was truly enjoying the hand job but his blue eyes still looked calm and satisfied somehow. She loved that look. He was looking at her like a guy who was in total control and Kate's heart was hammering against her ribs because he WAS in control, in a way, if you really thought about it. It was up to him. She told him so herself last night when she laid out her plan for getting pregnant at the clinic in Chapel Hill and how it didn't matter anymore if Chad used a condom, or pulled out, or any of that annoying crap because someone else's sperm would get her pregnant if his didn't. So he didn't need to worry. He could do whatever he wanted. If he wanted to he could pick her up right now in his big arms and carry her to the grassy slope and lay her on her back and take her however he wanted, hard and long, or slow and long. And when he was good and ready he could finish however and wherever he pleased. He could pull out and stroke himself and paint her from breasts to curls with his beautiful cum and Kate would laugh delightedly and pull him to her and kiss him and pretty soon they'd be ready to do it again, in a new way that would please him differently. Or he could stare down at her while he drove deep inside her, her legs wrapped tightly around him and her brown eyes pleading for him to hold himself there and finish where they both knew that it would please him most, where nature had designed him to do it. 

Kate watched him looking at her like that for a long time while she soaped him and rinsed him clean. When she was finished he took the soap from her hand and washed her breasts and stomach and backside carefully and when they'd teased each other long enough they stepped out of the falls, and out of the pool, and dressed in silence. They both knew it would be better if they denied themselves now and saved their strength for later. 

They walked back to camp and settled down to the tedious work of preparing the equipment and packs for the hike back to the lodge: labeling the urine and hair samples properly, backing up the cameras, indexing the logs. But as the hours passed Kate found her mind drifting, full of strange, thrilling ideas about the chimps and the forest and the mystery of sex. She knew Chad would take care of the mundane details, like always. She found a blank, spiral notebook in the bottom of her pack, and a fresh pen, and she seated herself against a tree on a high bluff with a clear view of the forest, still bathed in mist.

Kate didn't stop writing for hours and hours, filling page after page of her notebook with her scrawl. It wasn't until the chanting started that she realized how long she'd been sitting there, lost in her thoughts. The insects and frogs and lizards and birds were calling to each other, almost pleading. The sound of it was so loud and insistent that she thought they were inside her head. She heard the droning of the insects, and the bass notes of the frogs, and the weird, panicky shrieks of the big tropical birds. She thought she could even hear the pant-hoots of the chimps back at M group, miles down the slope. The sun was sinking fast, glowing lurid pink through the dense haze that was pouring off the canopy. All around her the air was full of seeds and spores that the flowers and trees and fungi had released suddenly, all at once, as if at some secret signal. The air was cool and crisp and the stars shone brightly. She stretched her arms above her head and breathed in, gazing out toward the lake. And then she saw the moon: a dark circle. 

Years later, looking back on her career, Kate would remember this as the day that changed everything. This was the day when she filled her notebook with a draft of her first major article (the one that would make her famous) and with those bold speculations about chimp behavior that would challenge so much of what scientists thought they knew about primate and even human sexuality: about the role played by female pleasure and desire and shattering orgasms in the process of "choosing" a mate, and "selecting" which traits were passed on from generation to generation; about how Mahalia was part of a long line of high status females who had slipped off into the mountains with young, virile, energetic males like Brad who would groom them, and feed them, and fuck them into sheer bliss; how the females passed on the tradition from mother to daughter, transforming the very nature and being of M group in the process, one climax at a time, slowly but surely. 

Kate had never written so many words in a single day, and she'd never spent half as long doing it, and the feeling afterward was indescribable: that calm sense of exhilaration. She'd worked hard and long and she was ready to reward herself. She felt her eyes drift. It was like something her cells and muscles and nerves did independently of her will, pulled by the moon. 

As soon as she caught sight of him she felt a rush of adrenaline, the blood throbbing in her veins. He was sleeping on his back on a blanket near the tent in a Carolina blue tank top and long grey shorts with a draw string at the waist and before she knew it Kate had walked to him, and kneeled beside him. His arm was thrown behind his head on the blanket and his armpit was exposed. She lay on her side next to him and pressed her nose to his skin. He still smelled clean and fresh from when they washed each other in the stream that morning but he was sweating in his sleep and his scent filled her nostrils, raw and sharp. She remembered that day at the swimming hole at the beginning of the trip when she and Chad fell asleep on the grass lying close to each other and she woke up with her hand on his taut stomach and her nose in his armpit. She shook her head remembering how crazy it made her feel to come that close to crossing the line, how badly she wanted to explore his stomach, and kiss his neck, and reach her hand into his shorts, and how it made her crotch ache to deny her self.

Kate's hands found the bottom of Chad's tank top, pushing it up to expose his abs and chest. She didn't have to pretend with him any more. She'd already crossed the line. She'd already touched him and kissed him and fucked him and sucked his cock and everything else. She closed her eyes and remembered the feeling of his cock naked and spent inside her that first night in the tent, his warm cum soothing her insides. She remembered how electric it felt last night when she finally broke down and let him inside her raw again, after denying herself for days, "limiting" herself to hand jobs and blow jobs, or insisting that Chad stop to put on a condom just as things were getting hot and heavy. She still couldn't believe that she'd let him sweet talk her into fucking him raw again—that ridiculous story about the condom breaking with his girlfriend and how it would be "safer" if they did it without protection because they'd both be careful and they would both know not to get carried away and fuck each other too hard. And she still couldn't believe how very hard she'd let him fuck her, and how hard she'd fucked him back, once she felt the delirious sensation of his fat, naked, pulsing cock buried high and tight inside her because that was what they both wanted and how they both liked it best. And she still couldn't' believe the way she wrapped her legs around him tight like that, and squeezed him with her thighs, and begged him for his seed. 

The thought of crossing the line again with him tonight was weird and thrilling. Because this time she knew what she was doing. She'd thought about it, and fantasized about it, and weighed the pros and cons of it for days in her mind and now she was ready. She was ready to be fucked—truly fucked!—by this punk college kid from her lecture with the ripped abs and the fat cock and those blue eyes that just melted her inside, loosening and moistening her in all the right places so that Chad could fuck her deeper and longer in all the positions they kept discovering and inventing together, melding their perfect bodies. She was ready to be fucked wide open by him and she wanted it to happen and she was going to do everything in her power to drive him wild with lust tonight so he'd give her exactly what she needed. She was the alpha. It was her choice.

But in the end she couldn't really say whether she had a "choice" at all. It all depended what you meant by choice. It wasn't a choice when she ended up in the room next to him at the hotel back in Dar es Salaam for sure. And it wasn't a choice to hear him fuck Elise and god knows who else through the plaster wall, and to feel her mattress shake with the force of his thrusts. She couldn't have expected that! At least the first time. And it wasn't a choice that it made her so wet and excited that she'd ended up fucking herself like a madwoman for the first few days of the trip, and fantasizing about him constantly. Because it was only natural, it was practically inevitable, for a woman at the peak of her sexual power, a woman who had just gone off the pill to make a baby with her husband and whose hormones were in over-drive, it was perfectly natural for her to be aroused by the sight and sound of a hot, young guy like Chad fucking young girls in the next room like that and making them scream with pleasure. 

And it wasn't her choice to find the pictures of her husband and Elise. And it wasn't even a choice, if you really thought about it, to pair up with Chad when they needed to arrange search parties to find Brad and Mahalia on their safari to make a baby together. No one else was right for the job. So in a way it wasn't a choice either that she'd gone all the way with him that first night in the tent without a single thought for protection and ended up flat on her back, wide eyed and gasping, with her pussy full of his hot sperm, alive and swimming inside her. And that meant that in the grand scheme of things it wasn't a choice what she was doing right now either. Once she'd felt it raw and natural with Chad that first night in the tent the story had to come full circle. She smelled the sweat on his skin, gooseflesh rising at the touch of her breath. 

Chad was a twenty-year-old guy, and Kate was his professor, and she was about to go as far with him as it was possible for a woman to go with a man. The fact that she was determined to do right by him, and treat him well, and be a good friend to him for as long as he needed didn't make it any less wrong, in the end. He was barely out of boyhood, even though he had the body of a full-grown man, and he didn't stand a chance of resisting her. And the fact that he wanted her, desperately, didn't make it any less wrong either, nor the fact that before too much longer, once she'd woken him up and gotten his juices flowing, their roles would reverse and he'd take "control." She massaged him through his shorts, his cock stirring.

Kate's fingers found the drawstring of Chad's shorts and she pulled the end slowly, watching the knot slip free. He stirred slightly. She slid her hand down the ridges of his abdomen and worked her fingers beneath the waistband, then down through his curls. She felt for his crown, exploring it with her fingers, savoring its shape and plumpness. She felt for his shaft. Even soft like this she could sense how long and hard and thick it would be inside her and she felt her stomach twirl, the little blood vessels in her labia and clitoris opening and filling. She felt for his jewels, testing their heaviness. She felt herself moisten, his cock stiffening and jerking a little as she brushed him lightly with her nails.

She wanted to see it. His legs were parted slightly and before she knew it Kate was kneeling between them. She leaned forward and pressed her cheek against him, sliding it along his length, purring contentedly. She worked his shorts down slowly, careful not to wake him.

There was no shame anymore in admitting it, Kate thought to herself, as his cock sprang into view and she reached for it instinctively. She loved his cock. It was gorgeous. A cock to worship and adore. She loosened her grip and examined him with her fingers, tracing his veins. She brought her pointer finger to that little sensitive cleft in the ridge of his crown, pressing it softly and marveling at the design, remembering how sensational it always felt when Chad found the right angle for both of them, massaging her sweet spot with his mushroom head. She thanked evolution, or god, or the universe, or whatever it was that shaped him that way. His cock was lengthening and flexing now and it looked like one of those bizarre, beautiful fungi that had sprung up from nowhere the night of the storm and that were releasing their spores now through the atmosphere, heavy with fragrance. His cock was like some alien organism that had been crafted and honed for her pleasure over eons and eons and that had reached its state of full perfection on Chad's lean, strong body.

She wanted to taste him. She brought her lips to his crown and parted them slightly. She kissed him softly, moistening him with her tongue, slurping him inside her, wet and warm. He tasted clean and fresh but salty too. She felt her breasts swelling. She opened her lips wider and took him deeper inside her throat, gripping him at the base. She closed her lips tightly, feeling him pulse in her mouth. 

She wasn't sure when he woke up, exactly. He'd probably been awake, and watching her for a few seconds at least by the time she felt his big hands in her hair, massaging her scalp. She'd been so intent on her task that everything else had just faded away. There was nothing else in the wide universe except the sensation of his shaft in her hand—hot and stiff—and the taste of him on her lips, and the warm glow inside her. She was bathing him with her tongue all along his length, and down to his testicles, and all around the ridge of his fleshy knob. And the whole time she was stroking him too, slow and steady, then picking up pace, gripping him tighter. His cock was like a beautiful fungus fashioned through the ages to make her drunk with desire.

When she raised her eyes to him he was awake and watching. That cock-sure expression. She smiled at him archly, swirling the underside of his glans with the tip of her wet tongue. It fit perfectly inside his cleft, like it was made for teasing him. 

"Awwww Kate," Chad groaned, exhaling in a rush.

"Did I wake you up?" Kate teased him, slurping him with her lips.

Chad nodded sleepily.

"Sorry baby," she purred, stroking him firmly and eyeing his shaft, her eyes glazed. "You just looked so delicious sleeping on your back like that. Can I keep going?"
