 I was shaving my legs.

Really.

That's all I was doing. Nothing all that spectacular. It's just something that women do, you know?

I'd just finished my shower, and was sitting on the edge of the tub with the water running, running my Bic along my calves when it came to me. What would I look like without that auburn thatch between my thighs?

I smiled, a slight shiver passing through my body. What would Gary think? Even now I could hear him out in the living room waiting for me to finish getting ready for our date. I really didn't have the time for such nonsense.

But there I was...with the razor in my hand...the steam of the shower curling seductively between my legs, and I knew I wanted to do it!

"Keri?" The voice rose from beyond the door. "What's taking so long? That show's going to start in half an hour!"

I giggled. If only he knew. Well...why not? He'd be squirming all night...wondering what "it" looked like without its protective covering of "fur". It was good for a laugh.

"Just a few more minutes, Hon. I need to shave between my legs before we go." My grin was complete. I only wished I could see the look on his face right now.

Suddenly, the bathroom door opened, and Gary's blond head popped through the crack. "You're kidding," he said, his eyebrows arched comically. "After all this time, you've decided to do something like that? How come?"

It was my eyebrows that went up this time. Gary and I had shared a lot of things over the last few months, but a bathroom wasn't one of them. I could feel the redness begin to creep upward from my collarbone, and knew I must be a sight. "Well...I don't know exactly...just a whim, I guess. Why?"

He hesitated now, his voice dropping huskily. "Would you mind if I watched?" he rasped, his eyes darting heatedly toward the razor held poised in my hand.

Watched? He wanted to WATCH me?

Suddenly my idea didn't seem as great anymore. Gary and I had been "intimate", sure...but to watch me shave my mound. I wasn't too sure I could handle that! But, there he was, and there I was...and the razor...yeah, it was there too. So, against my better judgement, I heard myself telling him: "Sure, why not!"

Slowly I stood up and washed my legs in the shower as Gary settled himself on the toilet lid, the "show" at the Cineplex now all but forgotten. Then, squirting a little shaving gel into my palm I reached between my legs and began to lather my tight, auburn curls until they stood out in foamy relief and I felt t I was ready to go on.

I'd shaved a little around the edges before, for bikini season, but this would be the first time since puberty that I would be completely "nude". What would it feel like, I wondered? The thought sent a delicious shiver between my thighs. It felt a little bit naughty...no, "sensuous" somehow. I glanced nervously over at Gary, to gauge his reaction.

Gary was completely captivated, his eyes following my every move with unwavering concentration. His gaze touched me, caressed me as I stepped out of the shower and turned to sit on the edge of the tub facing him.

His tee shirt was off now, probably because of the steam that swirled around us both, and I swear I think his nipples were hard! I know mine were, and it wasn't helping my composure one bit. What a dumb idea...dumb... dumb... dumb! 

But I was committed now, so I opened my legs wide, and with quivering fingers I made the first pass of the blade over the top of my mound, feeling the Bic scrape smoothly over my flesh.

Now there was no turning back, I thought as I looked below at the bare patch of flesh that adorned my sex. I'd really look ridiculous with a bald spot on my crotch. But then who was there to see, but Gary? And frankly, from the expression on his face at the moment, I'm sure he wouldn't mind!

I paused. Gary was totally mesmerized by now. His tongue slowly traced his lower lip as though, by sheer will power, he was helping me stroke myself. It would have been comical, except for the huge distortion along the front of his jeans. He was really getting off on this! The thought sent a rush of wetness between my thighs, and suddenly I knew...I WANTED him to watch! 

I made another pass, and my small crop of "pubes" diminished by yet another degree. Gary's hand was stroking this thigh by now, but I knew where he wanted it to be...where I wanted it to be.

I continued to swipe. Now the sides of my bush had narrowed, and there was an oblong strip tracing the edges of my slit left to be done. This would be harder. I didn't want to cut myself. That hadn't been a part of the plan, if you could call such an impromptu act a "plan".

Slowly, I slid the fingers of my left hand inside my "lips", stretching them outward, guarding my inner folds from the threat of the blade, and that's when I looked up.

Gary was beside himself by now, his bulging erection straining against the fabric of his jeans, threatening to shatter the zipper at any moment.

"Why don't you take those off?" I smiled sweetly. If he was going to watch me, then why couldn't I have a little fun as well?

In a flash, Gary's jeans were over the towel bar and he was crossing the tile in my direction, his shaft peeking out of the gap in his boxers. "I could help you with that." He offered heatedly. "You're probably less apt to cut yourself that way," he finished.

Sure. Right. As if! But at the same time, the thought turned me on...made me squirm against the cold porcelain of the tub in a way that wasn't quite as uneasy as it should have been. Suddenly I felt myself handing him the razor. "But be careful!" I admonished. "Remember...you break it you bought it!"

If he'd heard my lame joke at all, he didn't acknowledge it. Instead, with a singular purpose he lowered himself between my thighs, razor in hand, and slipped his fingers inside my wet and quivering slit.

Instantly, the "game" fell away, and his touch sent me into a sensuous spiral. Each tiny nudge of his fingers, each minute pass of the blade brought a fresh gush from my vulnerable core...coating his fingers in my slippery juices.

Finally, he was finished, and my naked sex glowed pink in the bathroom light. I started to rise, but Gary held me fast, his hand grasping a wet washcloth from the edge of the tub and rinsing my newly bared flesh. Then, with slow determination, he parted my sex with his thumbs and slipped his tongue in where his fingers had been not so very long ago.

I sighed, my uneven breathing rapidly giving way to a low moan as he began to swirl his tongue over my quivering clit. I lost my concentration then...in a big way... and felt myself begin to slip backwards into the tub. It was only Gary's last minute lunge that kept me from cracking my scull of the hard porcelain of the bathtub floor.

Instead, I felt him lower me gently to the bathmat below him, and once more resume his position between my legs. Eager to cooperate, I braced my right leg up and over the edge of the tub once more...opening myself fully, parting my sex to give my lover greater access.

He set to his task in earnest now, his tongue licking my bared sex...dipping and darting into my creamy hole...nibbling my clit with hungry determination. He was everywhere...doing everything at once.

Suddenly I felt myself come undone...release...shatter against the tiles. Moaning I grabbed his hair, tugging... tearing at him as I writhed on the bathroom floor.

I was beyond rational thought, or so I imagined, but when he began to cover his body with my own, to slip his bursting shaft into my hairless slit...I heard myself say a single word.

"No."

He froze as though he couldn't believe what he'd just heard...his face a mask of frustration.

"Huh?" he replied in a haze. "No? Are you kidding? Ohhh, Keri!"

I caught my breath at that moment, and knew what I wanted after all. "Go sit on the toilet, Gary," I responded, "and let me do you now."

"Keri! What in hell are you talking about! Do me? Guys don't shave their cocks. Just lay back and I'll take your mind off..."

"No." I was adamant now. Fair's fair...it was my turn, and I was bound and determined to have it.

Gary took in the set of my jaw and knew I'd won. If we were going to get anywhere tonight, he was going to have to give me my way, at least this time. Slowly he crossed to the toilet, lifted the lid and prepared himself tentatively for what was to come. "You know what you're doing with that thing, don't you?" he asked nervously. "You're not Lorena Bobbit, you know."

I tried to smile, but the memory of the woman who'd cut off her husband's prized possession haunted me. Maybe this wasn't such a good idea after all...

Kneeling before him, I looked upward into Gary's eyes, his reprieve in hand so to speak, but the look on his face told me that he was actually enjoying this! His eyes were closed now, his back pressed against the lid of the toilet, hips thrust forward...his "hard on" fairly exploding in my fingers.

And that's when I really decided to go for it.

With a noisy "gush", I squirted some shaving foam into my left hand and began to lather the area around the base of his steely erection. 

He licked his lips. I smiled. My hand shivered ever so slightly, and I made the first pass with the razor.

He jumped!

"Hold still, Gary! You wouldn't want me to get nervous, would you?"

Immediately he froze, his thighs opening even wider to give me free rein between his legs...holding himself steady for the next swipe of the blade.

The Bic whispered once again between his thighs, taking his dark covering with it and leaving this obscenely naked patch glaring back at me. He was being such a good sport, I thought, cupping his hairy balls...I wonder if I could...

"Don't even think about it!" I heard him say. "This is as far as you go, Lady!"

I smiled then, my hand stroking the newly bared surface of his sex. He was such a "game" guy. Would I do THAT to him?

His shaft, now distended beyond reason, jutted out at me from the juncture of his thighs, begging for the attention he so richly deserved. And so, curling the fingers of my left hand around the base of his cock, I poised him between my parted lips and began to lick his quivering knob.

Immediately, he grabbed my hair and began to thrust... deeper...deeper until I could feel him at the back of my throat.

I squirmed. So deep...so hard! Rapidly, I felt him slide back and forth between my lips while he held me fast by my long, auburn hair. Deeper and deeper until he was ramming full force into my throat, my nose hammering against his newly shaved crotch...my chin nudging his balls with each determined plunge.

I began to suck then, my own ardor rising once more as I slid my finger into my weeping slit and began to stroke my clit. The faster he thrust...the harder I sucked...and the more ardently I massaged myself until finally I felt him straighten between my lips...his climax at hand...and begin to tremble.

I moaned, the corded tension in my belly screaming for release...and then I tasted him. Flooding into my mouth, he groaned, his hands roughly grasping my hair...holding me close as he shot his cum deep into my throat. Within seconds my body began to shudder as my own orgasm shook me to the core and I gushed between my legs...into my hand...down the insides of my thighs.

My lip closed convulsively around him now as I milked him dry, taking all that he had to offer and wanting more. Had he ever cum this hard before? Had I? I didn't think that "more" was possible!

Finally, sated, his flow stopped and my own orgasm began to abate. Gary leaned against the back of the toilet, his breath coming in ragged gasps, his eyes still closed tightly.

Limp, I lay back against the bathmat once again, smiling contentedly. It had been fun, erotic, incredible...a departure from the norm. Would our little planned trysts ever be the same after this?

I glanced his way to see what his final reaction to the whole thing would be. Would he want to try something new again sometime? Would he?

His eyes were open now, and he was smiling down at me. Then, as though he could read my mind he said with a lascivious grin: "How soon before you need another shave?"

I was going to need more razors.

Lots of them...