 After 15 years of married life, my wife and I had settled into a dull routine with our sex life. We both recognized this common aliment suffered by many couples who allow the adventure to slip away. We do not have children to use as an excuse so we drifted apart in the same bed. One day my wife came home from work and I knew that something was on her mind.

"What's up?" I asked.

"Do you think we can save our marriage?"

The question hit me like a ton of bricks. I looked at her but couldn't give her an answer.

"The reason I ask is that we haven't done anything for months, no sex, no talking, and no going out, nothing. I thought for a while that you might have something on the side but you weren't acting odd or staying out late so I dismissed that idea. But then I started looking at me rather than you and realized that I have been just as blah about us as you have."

Celeste, my wife, wasn't being mean or vindictive she was simply stating a fact. I guess that I had failed to pick up on the subtle signs but Celeste was always quicker than me to see through a situation and attack it head on. "I don't think we need to start calling lawyers just yet" I replied. "I agree that we haven't been very attentive lately but I put it down to spending too much time at work and our schedules have been going in two directions. I didn't realize that it had gotten this serious."

Celeste sighed and sat down at the kitchen table. The look of frustration was very evident and she seemed close to crying. "Did something happen at work to day?" I asked. She looked at me and nodded. "What?" I enquired. Celeste then told me about someone at work who had gone home at lunch to find her husband packed and gone. All he left was a note telling her it was over and that he would arrange to get his things as soon as he could. This started her thinking and of course she settled on the worst of our past few months. By the time she drove home she had convinced herself that we were on the fast track to a messy divorce.

I smiled at her but this seemed to make her angry. "Don't laugh at me, you ass. I think we have a serious problem and we need to talk." There goes the evening I said to myself. Whenever something is bothering Celeste I end up trapped in a night of never ending discussion until we are both so exhausted that we agree to 'finish it later'. 

Hoping to preempt the start of a long and painful evening I launched a counter offensive. "I've been thinking about this for a while myself and I was going to talk to you this weekend but now seems like a good time. I was thinking about going on a bit of a vacation, perhaps to the Caribbean or the south of Spain. I want a break from work and would like to spend some time on the beach and do a little golfing. So what do you think, are you interested in a little winter get away?"

It was as if a beam of light suddenly shone through a dark and cloudy sky. Her face brightened and she said that this was exactly what we should do. To celebrate our decision, and my superb tactical maneuver, we went out to our favorite restaurant and had a very pleasant evening. When we got home we were both tired but content and slept fitfully until the alarm sounded to begin another day.

We hurried off to our respective jobs, arranged for two weeks of vacation time and met back at home to plan our trip. Celeste wanted to go to the Caribbean so we checked the net for last minute deals and found a great all inclusive package to Jamaica. The only problem was that it was leaving at 6 AM tomorrow and of course Celeste needed to go shopping. I wasn't spared the experience and she dragged me to the mall to help her pick out a new swimsuit and some beach clothes. We looked in a few shops but Celeste didn't see anything she liked. This is going to be a long and painful day I thought but the next place we looked was a winner. Celeste loved the selection and she spent an hour trying on different outfits. Finally she settled on a rather revealing two piece and some nice shorts and tops. She wouldn't let me see her in the bikini but I didn't press the matter. As we left the store we passed a lingerie shop and I asked her if she wanted to get something nice for evening entertainment.

"What did you have in mind?"

"I don't know" I replied, "How about something lacy and white so it shows off your tan. With that new bikini you won't have much of a tan line."

"I'll buy what ever you want, but you have to pick it out"

Now I've been in lingerie shops before but in the past I was there just to carry the shopping bags. Celeste took me straight to the back where the matching bra and panty outfits were displayed on the wall. There were all kinds to choose from but I spotted the perfect set almost immediately. The bra was really only designed to add some support because there was not way it was reaching above the nipple. The panty was almost sheer and the back consisted of a thin strip of material forming a tiny triangle at the waist.

"No need to look and anything else, I want you to get this one."

Celeste looked at it and turning to me she said "I don't know...it seems a bit flimsy. I will need to do some yard work." Yard work was her little phrase for trimming her pubic hair. "Alright, I need to clean things up for the swimsuit anyway."

As she made her way to the cash she stopped at the panty table to look at what was displayed. They were having a two for one special and Celeste can never pass up a sale. "What do you like here?" she asked. Celeste never asks for my opinion about her underwear but I was more than willing to oblige. The thought of seeing her in the new bra and panty set had me more than just a little aroused.

"Are you looking for everyday stuff or something for the trip?"

"I want new stuff to take with me."

I thought for a minute and then suggested that she consider some thong style panties. Celeste furrowed her brow and remarked that she didn't know if she would like to have a piece of material running up her behind.

"Well if you don't like them you can always go back to your regular ones after we get back."

Still not sure, she looked at the display and finally selected four pair of thong panties. "I hope I'll like these."

"I know I will", I said.

It was mid afternoon by the time we got home. Celeste busied herself with packing and I arranged with my neighbor to check on the house etc. We had a light supper and then Celeste said that she was going to take a bath.

"Let me know if you need any help", I said jokingly.

I heard the water running and after what seemed like an hour but was really only about twenty minutes Celeste called be into the bedroom. She was wearing her heavy robe and she was getting everything ready for her bath. She had the new outfits laid out on the bed. "I can't wear any of this stuff" she said pointing to the swimsuit and lingerie, "without a real close shave." She had my undivided attention because I really liked it when she decided to trim her pubic hair, as far as I was concerned the less the better. I had made some suggestions in the past but they were rebuffed and I gave up after several futile efforts.

"What would you like me to do?"

Celeste looked at me and said "I want you to shave me. I know that you would like me to shave it all off and I'd like to try it to see if it's ok." I was speechless but managed to squeak out an 'ok'. "However, I'm not doing this alone. After you shave me, I'm going to shave you. I've never mentioned it but I've often wondered what your cock would look like without any pubes. Are you game?"

A simple yes was all I could manage. Celeste dropped her robe and stood naked before me. I pulled her close and ran my hands over her back and around her very sexy behind. By now I was very hard and my erection pressed against Celeste's stomach. She reached down and caressed me through my pants. I started to undress and Celeste moved to the bed. 

"Get a fresh razor and some cream" she said. "You'll need a big towel too so we don't mess the bed."

I was soon ready and Celeste lay back with her legs spread wide. It had been a while since we had done anything like this and the hair was thick and unkempt. I started by trimming the hair with a pair of scissors until all that remained was just stubble. Celeste was very quiet but I could tell she was excited as her pussy was getting very wet. To tease her a little before starting to shave I stuck my finger between her moist and swollen lips to give her clit a slight tickle. She grabbed my wrist and held my hand against her cunt. I increased the pressure and slipped a second finger into her vagina. Still holding my wrist Celeste started to use my hand as a dildo moving it in and out of her pussy. My cock was beyond hard and I started to play with myself as Celeste's orgasm mounted. My fingers were moving up and down inside her and her clit was peeking out of its covered hood. I let go of my cock and began to squeeze her breasts, pinching the nipples to mix a little pain with pleasure. Celeste buried her head into the pillow and bit down to keep from screaming. All of a sudden she gripped my wrist with such force that I almost had to stop. Celeste seemed to be trying to stuff my whole hand into her sopping wet cunt. She arched her back and came so hard that I could feel the walls of her cunt grabbing my fingers time after time. 

After a while she let go of my wrist and I slowly pulled my hand from between her thighs. My fingers glistened with her juices and I hungrily licked and sucked them clean. She was still too sensitive for me to finish the shave job so I lay beside her and pressed my cock against the soft folds of her behind. I held her close wrapping my arm around her and cupping her breast. We lay there for quite a while before Celeste stirred and asked me to finish shaving her because she wanted to start on me. It wouldn't take long to shave off the short hairs that were left but I took my time because I really enjoyed doing it. I liked to press the razor against her silky skin and expose the clean smooth flesh hidden beneath the hairs around her womanhood. I also like the trust that she has that I will always be careful and diligent in my work. Soon there was nothing but smooth bare skin and the nicest set of pussy lips that I have ever seen.

I wiped the remaining cream away and tested the area with my tongue to make sure it was totally hair free. I started by slowly licking all around the outside of her pubis. I could taste the remnants of the shaving cream mixed with the aroma of her quim. I slipped my tongue between the folds of her sex and nibbled on the sweet soft tissue beneath. Celeste grabbed my head and held it firmly between her out stretched thighs. I attacked her pussy with my mouth swallowing the sweet nectar that flowed freely from inside her. I reached up and pulled the cheeks of her ass apart and snaked my tongue down to lick her anus. This is something I enjoy immensely and Celeste signaled her desire by squeezing my head between her thighs. Moving back to her pussy I concentrated on her clit. Celeste had lost all self control and was moving and bouncing so much it was hard for me to stay on target. I gripped her firmly and pressed my face against her cunt and took her clit between my lips. This was all it took and Celeste came for a second time but this time was even more intense than the first. She literally washed my face with her orgasm. My cock was so hard that it ached and I need to cum but I knew that Celeste wanted to control how and when I had my pleasure this night.

Despite the intensity of her orgasm, Celeste jumped off the bed and told me to position myself on the towel. I lay back with my legs spread and rested on my elbows. I wanted to watch her as she shaved me smooth. My cock was fully erect and she had to move it aside as she trimmed my crotch with the scissors. She would occasionally stop to kiss the tip of my cock and lick around the head. Celeste liked to spend a lot of time just playing with my cock. She likes to touch it, to lick it, take it in her mouth and suck on it passionately. She will often prolong my excitement by stopping and starting again after I have calmed down. That was what she was doing now. She would take me to the brink and just when I was about to go over the edge she would stop and continue shaving me as though nothing was happening at all. Soon all the hair around my crotch was gone and all that remained was the loose hair on my balls. Celeste put fresh cream on my testicles and gently removed the hair in short smooth strokes. She went between my thighs and removed the hair between my balls and my ass, even trimming the hair around my anus.

When she finished she had me sit up. "Now for something special", she said. "I've always wanted to do this."

Celeste straddled my thighs and positioned her cunt directly above my cock. Looking me in the eye she started to piss on me to wash away the shaving cream. I was shocked but really excited. This was something that I never expected but I didn't want it to stop. We both looked down to watch the flow of golden liquid mix with the white residue of shaving cream. Celeste reached down to grab my cock and started to jack me off. 

"Cum for me", she said. "I want to watch you cum all over my bare pussy."

We exchanged places and I stood between Celeste's thighs. Grabbing my cock I started to masturbate. Celeste spread the lips of her cunt open and told me to shoot my cum directly onto her clit. My hand was a blur as I pounded my cock and in an instant I felt my orgasm peek. Jets of hot cum shot out the tip of my cock and covered her cunt completely. I couldn't remember when I had ever had an orgasm that was more intense. My cock pulsated and I bent forward to push it home while I was still hard. As I fucked Celeste, because we were beyond making love, the mix of my cum and her cunt juice was enough to keep me hard. I lay on her and wrapped my arms around her body. I wouldn't let her go. We fucked, there was no other way to describe it. We were lost in our mutual lust. I don't remember how long it lasted but I do remember that we both came again.

Exhausted we lay on the cold wet sheets. Eventually we would straighten up but not yet. My cock was slowly returning to normal but it was still in Celeste's pussy. We lay there until it slipped out of its own accord. Then and only then did we move.