 Ideal Day Ten

As I stated in "Ideal Day One" there are many "ideal" days when one thinks about the various ways one can have sex with his or her partner. Following along on that theme, I give you a version of what might be "Ideal" with my wife suggesting some things and buying a new toy. 

I knew when I woke up that something was different about today, but could not figure out what it was. After going to the bathroom and then letting the dogs out to do their morning routine, I came back to the bedroom to find that Lynn was getting dressed, but in a skirt and blouse instead of her normal pants and tee shirt. Moving up behind her I gave her a hug and squeezed her breasts, to find that she had put on her lightest bra, the one that holds her in place, but only sort of, still allowing them to move easily.

Since we both planned on working in our respective shops for the day, we ate breakfast and went out to work. I was turning some bowls on the lathe and working on my bigger lathe to get it up and running. She had a couple of metalsmithing projects in the works and it was after noon before either of us realized it was time for lunch. 

Poking her head in my part of the shop she asked if a grilled cheese would be ok. When I told her it would she said to come into the house in fifteen minutes and it would be ready. 

Once in the house I discovered that she had removed her blouse to cook lunch. Asking why, I was told that she had spilled something on it and just had not taken the time to go to the bedroom and find another. Not one to complain about her wearing fewer clothes I sit down to my sandwich and enjoyed the view. 

Lunch over, I gathered up the dishes and put them in the dishwasher before taking the time to play briefly with her breasts since they were on display in her thin bra. After only a few seconds of that she gave me a kiss and pushed me away, telling me there would be time for that later on. I took that as a sign that something might happen during the afternoon, a hope that I was soon to find out was well founded. 

We both worked on projects for the next couple hours and as happens most of the time, it was soon late afternoon before I realized how much time had passed. What got my attention was when Lynn came in and whispered in my ear, "Finish up what you are working on and come give me a bath."

By the time she had undressed and reached the bathroom I was in from the shop and taking off my own cloths as she ran her bath water. Once the tub was full she turned around and handed me the small hair clippers, telling me to give her pussy a close trim. Always glad for any reason to be close to her pussy, I was soon on my knees while she sat on the edge of the tub with one foot on a stool and one on my shoulder, giving me full access. 

What surprised me was that when I was done with the trimming she told me to get the shaving lotion and the razor. She had tried a shaved pussy a couple times before and had said she would never do it again as the stubble growing back had made her sore. 

Once she was shaved clean she told me to trade her places. Soon she was clipping off the hair on my balls and ass and rubbing the shaving cream all over. While she did all the areas I cannot reach, when she got to my balls she had me pull my sack tight so she would not cut me. All too soon I was as smooth as she was and my cock was rock hard. She steps into the shower to clean off the hair and shaving lotion, and then gets in the tub so I can clean her slowly before showering myself. 

I get out of the shower just as Lynn is bringing in a box. She had purchased a new sex toy, something that she had never done before. Usually it is me that finds a new toy and then gets her permission to purchase it if we decide it is something we will both enjoy. This time, she had done it on her own, without letting me know she was even looking. 

In the box is a strap-on dildo, only this one of the ones that does not have straps. One end inserts into her pussy and the other, longer end, is used in my ass. This model is larger than others I had seen in the catalogs, a black, smooth shaft with a realistic shaped head on the end. We moved to the bedroom where I lubed up her part and watched her insert it into her pussy before lubing up the remaining shaft sticking out sexily between her legs. When I turned around and bent over the bed Lynn moved up behind me and placed the head of her 'cock' against my ass. With slow pressure she kept pushing against my asshole, allowing me time to relax. I could feel the dildo sliding slowly in, deeper and deeper. Once fully buried in my ass, the feeling of her shaved pussy pushing on my shaved ass combined with the size of the dildo nearly made me cum before we really got started. 

As my ass accommodated the size of the dildo our pace picked up and I could tell that Lynn was enjoying this dildo as much as I was. She was hammering my ass while moaning with pleasure, something that seldom happens when we use the double ended dildo that she holds between her legs. This model not only has a special spot to rub on her clit, it was pushing into her cunt with every stroke she thrust into my ass. Always before she had used a pace that she felt was giving me the best pleasure, this time, she was into her own rhythm and I was simply along to share in the enjoyment. 

When she climaxed she shoved the dildo deep in my ass and I could not take the combination of that and the feeling of her shaved pussy on my ass: I shot my cum all over the towel we had placed on the bed for just such a happening. She leaned down over my back and we simply stayed bent over the bed until we could catch our breath. I brought her a warm washcloth to clean up with and cleaned the dildo before we fell to sleep in each others arms.