 I had known Shawn for four years. He was one of my fiancé's best friends. Over the past year or so, nights of long, drunken conversation brought Shawn and I closer, although our friendship had been strictly platonic. Or so I thought. I guess I largely ignored the warmth that would spread in my belly whenever my eyes would meet his.

Finally, there came a night I could no longer ignore it.

The evening started off innocently enough. We met up at a bar, laughing and joking over gin and tonics. The cocktails soon turned into pitchers of Pabst, and the conversation turned to dirty jokes and subtle innuendo. I sat across the table from him, and as we drained the pitchers, I found myself looking longer and longer into his soft, brown eyes and watching the way his shoulders moved as we spoke. I began to notice how well his long, red curls framed his face and how sinewy his body was underneath his clothes. I felt that warmth spread out from my belly as images of that body close to mine, that hair disheveled, those shoulders bowing and rising over me, flashed through my mind.

After the second or third pitcher was emptied, we decided to pick up some beer and continue our conversation over at his place. We sat on opposite ends of his couch, and as the cans stacked up on his coffee table, I found myself inching closer and closer to him. Our conversations grew more personal and intense, as tends to happen when alcohol is involved, and our eyes repeatedly met with matching intensity.

For one reason or another, the conversation turned to body image. I looked at the girls on the covers of the magazines on his coffee table and said, "Now, how am I supposed to live up to this?" I picked up one of the magazines and pointed at the cover. "I don't know anyone who looks like that, but I've been told my whole life that this is what I'm supposed to look like!"

Shawn took the magazine from my hands, put it back on the coffee table, and looked intently at me. "Stand up," he ordered. I did so.

"Now, you know what I see when I look at you?" he asked.

I shook my head.

"First, I see a beautiful face." He paused a moment before continuing, his eyes roaming over my body, clearly enjoying this excuse to ogle me. "Then I see this gorgeous porcelain skin, and really awesome hair--" (my hair at the time was my natural honey blonde, cut short with bangs and spiky in the back) "—and big blue eyes." He paused again, smiling, letting his eyes roam once more. "And then I notice your hips—your curves—like you've got something to hold on to. And finally--um, I'm sorry, but it's your tits. You have great tits." It was clear that he felt a little strange complementing his good friend's fiancé's breasts, but he did it anyway. I then knew that our attraction was mutual, and I sat down on the couch next to him, our legs touching.

I turned to look at him and said, "Shawn, I'm really attracted to you."

He looked away, tilted his head back, sighed, and said simply, "Oh, Nicole." He still had his reservations, and rightfully so. But the warmth in my belly had spread to my sex, making my entire body tingle with anticipation. It could no longer be ignored.

We sat next to each other in silence for a moment. I then reached out and began playing with his hair, tucking it behind his ears, looking into his face. His eyes then turned to me, those brown eyes. They were no longer soft, but piercing and lustful. He took my face in both hands and kissed me. The kiss was forceful, explosive. He opened his mouth wider and slipped his tongue into my mouth. As we embraced, he used his body to topple mine over. We continued kissing frantically, and he pressed his body ever closer to mine. His hands began to wander over my sides, my stomach, and finally to my breasts underneath my shirt. I began to breathe heavily, and could feel my sex tingling with warmth and wetness. He started kissing my neck, hard and deep, and moved up to nibble on my earlobe. I could hear his breath growing heavier as he did so, and it made me shudder all over.

Suddenly, an image of my fiancé entered my mind. I pulled my mouth away from his and said breathlessly, "I shouldn't be doing this. I really shouldn't."

"I know," he responded, catching his breath and looking intently into my eyes, "But we could just have a little fun…"

The way he said that, the lustful way he said the word "fun," made my pussy contract sharply, pleasurably, and I could feel just how wet my panties were. My mind was then made up. I put my finger on his lips and said very seriously, "No one, no one, can ever, ever, find out about this."

"Yes. We can't tell anyone, ever," he agreed. He had just as much to lose from this tryst as I did. He then bent down and whispered in my ear, "It'll be our little secret."

I then took his head in my hands and kissed him with ardor, my tongue exploring his mouth. He lifted my shirt over my bare breasts and took each nipple into his mouth. He then pressed them together, kissing both breasts at the same time with open mouth. I took my shirt off entirely and threw it across the room as he unbuttoned my skirt and pulled it off. He then took off his shirt, exposing that sinewy body and those broad, strong shoulders, and positioned himself between my legs. I could feel his hard cock through his jeans as he pressed his hips closer to mine, kissing my mouth, neck and shoulders.

Shawn then slipped his finger underneath my panties, feeling my wetness. He looked at me and said, "Ooh, I like that." He moved his finger around my clit, and then circled my opening. I gasped and started breathing even heavier. He then pushed his finger into my sex, moving it in and out as I tilted my head back, closed my eyes and moaned with pleasure. I then looked at his face, and his eyes were half closed, but clearly burning with lust. His breath was growing heavier as well—his mouth was open with the corners turned up in a devilish smile. "God, your pussy is so wet," he whispered in my ear as he plunged his finger in and out. He then pulled my panties off and sat back, exploring my naked body with his eyes. I saw his cock throb beneath his jeans.

"You're so fucking sexy," he said. He then bent down over me and gave me a long, passionate kiss. "Why don't we take this into the bedroom?" he asked eagerly.

I assented. 

As we stood in his bedroom, he removed his jeans and boxers, setting his throbbing hard cock free. He looked at me and took my hand, guiding it to him. I grasped it, and it felt warm and full in my hand. I moved my hand up and down over his cock, and he said, "Oh, yeah…" tilting his head back with pleasure. I then got on my knees and put my mouth over his cock. He moaned and placed his hands on the back of my head as I took him further and further into my mouth, until his head touched the back of my throat. His breathing grew heavier and louder as I sucked faster and faster, circling my pierced tongue around the shaft. He then pushed my head back, stood me up, and pushed me onto the bed. He again positioned himself on top of me, between my legs, exploring my mouth with his tongue and cupping my breasts. He then slipped his hand down between my legs, again inserting a finger and pushing it back and forth. He then sat back on his knees, looking at my face as he pushed two, then three fingers inside. I arched my back, shuddering and gasping as he moved them in circles, in and out of my opening. After a while he stopped and knelt over me, letting the head of his cock tease the moist area around my sex. It drove me crazy. 

I then took his cock in my hand and guided it to my opening, and he pushed himself inside me. He exhaled audibly as he did so and said, "You're so warm." His cock was rock hard, and it filled my sex as he pushed it deeper and deeper inside me. I wrapped my legs around him so he could go deeper, and he moaned. I pulled his shoulders closer to me as he thrust himself in and out. He whispered in my ear, "My God, you feel so fucking good. I could fuck you all day." I tightened the muscles of my sex around him, and he responded by thrusting faster and harder. My hips moved in step with his, so as he was moving out of me, I pulled my hips away, so that his thrusts back in would be deeper and harder.

It had been a very long time since I'd been fucked like this, and it felt terrific. My fiancé preferred a slower form of sex, and our couplings had grown so tired and predictable that I thought I had lost interest in sex altogether. But there was something about fucking Shawn that reawakened my love of sex—perhaps it was the excitement of sleeping with someone for the first time, or maybe it was the thrill of secrecy. In any case, it was by far the best fuck I'd had in a while.

After a while he slowed down a little, laying his head on my shoulder, and with a few final deep thrusts he climaxed, groaning loudly in ecstasy. He stayed on top of me, inside me, for a few minutes more, catching his breath, as I twirled his hair around my fingers and said, "I haven't been fucked like that in a very long time. That was great."

In response, Shawn withdrew, sat back on his knees, looked over my body once more, and said simply, "John is a very lucky man."