 Fucking Fluid Mechanics...

I was sitting on a concrete bench in front of the library on a cool fall day working on my fluid mechanics homework. I had worked through the last problem of the assignment several times and my answer still didn't match the solution manual. Where did I keep fucking up? I wadded up my latest effort and shot it into a nearby trash can. 

I was about halfway through the problem yet another time, when I smelled cigarette smoke. I looked up to see a tall, skinny brunette sit down on the bench next to me. She was dressed in the grunge fashion of those days, with a flannel shirt, ripped jeans and black boots. I knew her by sight, but we had never talked. She was in my fluids class.

"Hey. Don't mind if I smoke do you?"

"No, not at all." I showed her the pack sticking out of my jacket pocket. She looked down to see what I was doing.

"That problem is a bitch, huh?" 

"Yeah, this is like my fifth time through the fucker."

"Want a hint?"

"Yes." I looked up at her and nodded my head for emphasis.

"Don't forget to convert the flow from centimeters/second to feet/day."

"Fuck! You're kidding me." I threw my pencil on the bench in disgust.

She took a long drag off her smoke and shook her head, before smiling. "Nope. That threw me off, too."

I picked my pencil back up and quickly worked through the problem. I saw she was right. 

"Thanks. I would have fucked around with that for another hour!" I pulled a Camel out of my pack and lit it with my Zippo. 

"No problem. I'm Shawna, by the way." She slid her hand over to meet mine.

"Brad. I've seen you around, we've had a bunch of classes together. You in chemical engineering?"

"Hell, no. Civil. I barely passed basic chemistry." She smiled again. I looked at her closely for probably the first time ever. She had a very engaging smile. Her cute face was dotted with freckles. She had these big brown eyes that you could look at for days. Her long wavy hair looked as if it had a mind of its own in the light wind. Unfortunately, her figure was obscured by her baggy clothing.   

"You doing anything fun tonight?" She asked.

"No, just probably going out for some beers. I thought I might smoke a little bud after class."

"Cool." She flashed me a knowing smile. I looked down at my watch.

"Shit, we better get going."

"Yeah, you're right." We tossed our butts in the ash can and walked to class. I realized she was a couple inches taller than my own 5'8". I sat down with her in the middle of the room, as opposed to my usual back row. It was fairly enlightening up there. You could actually make yourself pay attention. When class was over, we walked out of the building.

"You got anything going on now?"

"Yeah, I gotta go to work."

"Bummer, I was going to see if you wanted to catch a buzz."

"I'd like that, but I'm supposed to be at work in ten minutes."

"Damn that sucks. Maybe some other time, huh?"

"Yeah, definitely."

"See ya later."

"Yeah, see ya later."

She walked off with her backpack slung over one shoulder. After she took a few steps, she looked back over her shoulder and smiled at me. I watched her walk around the corner of the building, before I decided to head home and get reacquainted with my old friend Mary Jane. 

When I was home later burning through a bowl, I found myself thinking about Shawna. She seemed like a cool chick. I bet she would be fun to hang out with. Maybe I could get together with her next week.

Later that night, my buddies and I were playing darts at the bar. Everyone was feeling all right, after plenty of bud and a few beers. We had been playing for a while when, lo and behold, Shawna walked in. I saw her and waved. She smiled and walked over. She had her wild hair pulled back in a pony tail. 

"What's up?"

"Not too much. I just wanted a beer before I walked back to the dorms."

"Shit, you still live in the dorms?" I smiled and shook my head.

"Yeah, I actually like it. What's wrong with it?"

"It's too hard to engage in some of my bad habits there."

"Yeah. I bet so."

"Hey, what do you want to drink? I'll get it, for helping me earlier."

"You don't have to do that."

"Hey, I don't mind."

"What are you drinking?"

"Sierra Nevada Pale Ale."

"That's good with me."

I got her beer and walked back to see her sitting on a stool having a smoke.

"Thanks."

"It's no big deal. I'd have completely missed that problem without your help." We chatted for a little while about school and then she decided she wanted to play darts with us. She started talking to some of the dudes I was with. Pretty soon, she had met everyone and was having a good time. She had a great laugh. 

We threw darts for another hour or so before I began to feel my high wearing off.

Shawna walked up to me from the dart board. "Hey, we may swing back to my place and smoke some bud. You want to come with us?"

She smiled, "Yeah, cool. I'd like that."

Tony, Mike, Brian, Shawna and myself started walking to my apartment. Brian and Tony were discussing at length the lack of opportunities for pussy that night. I glanced over at Shawna. She was smiling.

"Fuck, man. I just can't believe it. Some nights, they're there for the taking. Other nights I gotta go home and jerk off," Brian said.

"Maybe, it's your approach, man," I countered. "You act like you've never been laid. You just need to fucking chill out."

Mike continued, "Listen to super stud here. You see what he does."

Tony jumped in the conversation, "Yeah, he does ok."

After a couple more blocks, they decided to see if they could fuck with Shawna. 

Mike opened, "Shawna. I can't believe you're going home with four dudes you hardly know." 

She responded, "I can handle anything you four can throw at me." I looked at her and smiled. 

She looked back at me and shook her head.

Tony, never the brightest of the bunch, took the bait. "You might get yourself in trouble talking like that, girl."

"I doubt it, pencil dick." The chorus of "oh's" reverberated through our little group.

"Pencil Dick? She fucking called you pencil dick." Brian laughed.

"I doubt you're any better," Shawna added.

Mike tried a different tact. "You sound like an expert."

"I am."

"How's that?" Mike asked.

"If you ever eat as much pussy as I've sucked cock, you'll be an expert too."

"Shit, Brad. Where did you find this chick?" Brian asked. I looked at him and shook my head. The conversation slowly died down.

We arrived at my house and I unlocked the door. Everyone sat down around the coffee table while I retrieved my faithful bong from the cabinet. I packed up a good bowl and handed it to Shawna. She fired it up and took a long hit, before she passed. I turned on the stereo and hit play on Sonic Youth's "Daydream Nation". The bong made its way around the table until everyone was feeling really good.

Tony picked back up on our earlier conversation. "So, Shawna, you said you're an expert. How many cocks have you sucked?"

"Shit, I don't know. I don't keep count."

"Fuck, you really don't know?" Mike was incredulous.

"How many of those guys did you fuck," Brian asked.

"None, I'm still a virgin."

"You're still a virgin?" Tony asked.

"Yeah."

"That's fucking wack," said Tony.

"What's wack about it? How many chicks have you fucked?" She pointed at Tony.

"6"

"You?" She pointed at Brian.

"8"

"You?" Her finger was pointed at me.

"12."

"And you?" Finally, it was Mike's turn.

"10."

"None of you guys think that's a bunch?"

"Noooo!" We all joined in a chorus.

"Actual sex is really important to me. Sucking a guy off isn't."

"Well, I could use a blowjob," Mike ventured. 

"Yeah, me too," Tony added.

"I don't think so. You guys are assholes."

"Fuck, you're a real slut," Brian smiled.

"Dude, don't be a dick," I said. I felt a little bad for Shawna, even if she had opened her mouth, literally.

We talked about some other shit for a while, before the talk got turned back to Shawna's little hobby.

Tony seemed the most interested. "So you, like swallow and shit?"

"Yeah, I like the taste of cum. Some of it isn't so good, but a lot of it just makes me want more."

The other guys had gotten pretty quiet. 

She continued on for some time discussing sucking, different cocks, cum and other shit. I kept looking at her. Several times, I found myself shaking my head at the shit coming out of her mouth. Who was this chick?

Gradually, the other guys all started getting that sleepy stoner look. Mike and Tony left and shortly thereafter, so did Brian. I packed another bowl up and Shawna and I took a couple more hits. 

"I'll walk you back to the dorms, when you're ready."

"You want to get rid of me already?"

"No, I was just saying I don't want you to have to walk home by yourself. It's late."

"Yeah, it is, but I'm not really ready to leave yet. I haven't done what I came over here to do."

"No?" I smiled, hoping I knew what she meant.

She shook her head and leaned over and kissed me. Our tongues twirled in one another's mouths. The way her tongue moved around mine, I could only imagine how it would feel on my cock.

We continued to make out and soon I felt her long fingers wrapping around my hardening cock through my shorts. With one hand, she quickly slid my zipper down and was pulling my cock out of my fly.

"Oh, Haley was right."

"Haley? You know her?"

"Yeah, she was my roommate my freshman year. She told me about you and her the other day."

"She did, huh?"

"What did she tell you?"

"Everything."

"What does that make you think?"

"It makes me horny."

"Oh." Her hand slowly stroked and pulled on my 8 inches as we continued to kiss.

"It's perfect. Just the kind of dick I love." 

"I'm glad I can please an expert like you." I smiled.

She returned the smile. "I'm pleased for sure." 

She slowly slid off the couch until she was on her knees in front of me. She slowly unbuttoned her flannel shirt, revealing a tight black tank top. It stretched across her small breasts. Her hands quickly went to work on my belt and pretty soon my shorts were headed for my ankles.

"No underwear, huh?"

"No, I never wear them."

"I don't wear them, either."

"Show me."

"No. Maybe later." She slowly took the head of my cock in her mouth. After she had a couple inches in her mouth, she let out a low moan. I just stared at her in awe as she went to work. She slowly moved her lips up and down. Each down stroke she progressively took a little more cock down her throat. She gagged slightly at about 6 inches. She looked up at me as she slid her mouth off it.

"It's too thick. I was sure I could get it, but I can't!"

"It's not a contest."

"I know, but this is my thing."

"Shawna, I'm not complaining."

She gave me that smile, and then she took me back in her mouth. Anytime she got to the head, I could feel her tongue swimming around the underside of my dick. It was driving me fucking wild. I hadn't had any ass in a couple weeks, so I was really concentrating on holding my cum back. Shawna seemed insistent on coaxing it out of me as soon as she could though. 

She continued to look up at me as she throated my hard cock. That got to me more than anything else. I finally had to close my eyes and lean my head back into the couch. When I did that, I felt her mouth leave my cock and quickly engulf one of my balls. She began to gently hum. I felt as if a switch had been turned on in me and I opened my eyes to look at her. She looked at me really hard and then slowly moved to the other ball. After a brief humming session, she began to move her mouth back to my hard cock.

"Don't close your eyes. Look at me when I'm sucking your dick."

I smiled at her and nodded my head. Sweet fuck, what a woman!

We maintained continuous eye contact as she took 

my cock back in her mouth. She continued sliding that hot mouth up and down my length. Every so often, either to slow my climax, or tease the shit out of me, she would stop and run her tongue up the underside and swirl it around the head. I noticed one time a big glob of precum had oozed out. She quickly ran her tongue through the slit, soaking it up. She then lightly probed my cock slit, trying to coax more out of me. I felt myself raise up off the couch when she did that. 

When I did, she took nearly my whole length back in her mouth and I collapsed back again, completely under her spell.

The charade of holding out was quickly nearing its end. I literally felt like I would explode. She went down almost all of the way again and I felt my cum begin to move.

"Fuck, Shawna. Oh, I..."

She slowly moved her mouth back up until only the head and maybe an inch was in her mouth. I felt the head of my cock expand as the first spurt shot in her mouth. Our eyes never parted as I continued to unload. I could hear her lightly gulping as she was swallowing my cum. I slowly shook my head as I watched her. 

When I finished, she slowly released my cock from her mouth and lifted her face from my lap. She was still kneeling in front of me. She slowly licked her lips and smiled.

"How, was that?"

"Fucking unbelievable!"

"That's what I was hoping for."

"What about you though?"

"What about me?"

"Can I return the favor?"

"No, you don't have to."

"I know I don't have to, I want to."

"I'll take care of it later, when I get home." 

Holy shit. I felt like she had just sucked out my soul and she was going to go home and frig herself.

"Are you sure? I mean you made me feel great. Let me, please."

"No, if I let you touch me, I might not be able to stop myself."

"You're serious aren't you?"

"Yes."

"Shawna, that was fucking amazing."

"Thanks. I'm ready for you to walk me home now."

"Why can't you just stay here? I can sleep out here."

"No, I better not. You have that look in your eyes."

"What look?"

"That 'I'm going to fuck her' look."

"Hey, I'm serious. You can crash here, I'll sleep out here and you can have my bed."

"No, I better not. I like that look in your eyes. I might let you."

"What would be wrong if you did?"

"No, Brad, I can't. I've waited for it to be right. I'm going to keep waiting. Maybe it'll be right for you and me someday, but not now. We just met."

"Yeah, but what you just did..."

"I know, I know. Look, don't think it's not hard for me. You seem like a really cool guy and Haley really thought a lot of you. But not tonight."

I shook my head and reached to pull her face to me. I kissed her on the lips. She looked into my eyes and smiled. 

"Come on, let's go." She stood up.

I stood and pulled my pants up. She walked into the kitchen and I heard the fridge door open. She came back with a couple beers and we walked to the door in silence. When we were out on the street, I reached for a cigarette and offered her one as well.

"Thanks, I ran out."

"No problem." I struck my trusty Zippo and we were both soon smoking as we walked and sipped on our beers.

"You must think I'm a complete psycho whore, huh?"

"No, Shawna, I don't. I mean, I'm pretty fucking confused, but I respect your wishes."

"I know it's fucked up. I just have all this shit in my head about how it's supposed to be. I really wanted to do it all with you, tonight. Really I did. Haley told me you were great. I got so turned on when she told me all the dirty things you did to her. I knew I had to approach you this morning." 

"I'm glad you did."

"Yeah, me too. Look Brad, I don't know sometimes if I'm waiting for the right time, or teasing guys or teasing myself, or what the fuck I'm doing."

I found her hand in the darkness and I intertwined my fingers in hers. She looked over at me and smiled.

"Shawna, I, I mean, I don't want you to second guess yourself anymore than you already do, but tonight was really special."

"You think so?"

"There are a few things I wish I didn't know about you, but if you talked to Haley, you probably know a few things about me that you wished you didn't know."

"Yeah, maybe a couple." She flashed me that smile again.

"Shawna, do you feel comfortable with me?"

"Yeah. I do."

"Would you want to get to know one another better?"

"Yes."

"Ok. Let's go from there, huh?"

"Cool. I can live with that."

We got to her dorm and shared a quick kiss. She wrote her phone number on my hand before she slipped inside. 

Shawna and I hung out together for about seven months before school ended in the spring. We had a great time together. I was treated to many wonderful blow jobs and finally convinced her to let me return the favor, but I never claimed her virginity. She went out of state for an internship over the summer. While she was gone, she met the guy that she ultimately married. 

When she returned to school in the fall, she told me that we both needed to move on. I was really let down, but knowing the way she was I thought maybe it was for the best. We were sitting at my house passing the bong.

"I've had a really great time with you, Brad."

"So have I, babe."

"Maybe, it just wasn't meant to be."

"Yeah, maybe. I'll always remember it though."

She smiled, "So will I. I'll also remember you never pressured me. Even when I knew if you had, I would have let you." 

I nodded and leaned over and gave her a kiss on the lips. "Now that I know that, you better go."

She smiled one last time and got up to walk out. When she reached the door, she turned to me. "Thanks, Brad. I, uh, I..."

"I know you do, babe. I feel the same way. Goodbye."

She looked down at the floor and then reached for the door handle. I hoped for the faintest moment that she would stop, but she didn't. The door swung open and she walked through it. When it closed, it felt like a cell door closing.

We ran into one another several times on campus after that. They were always uncomfortable moments. We never talked about anything of any substance, and always left one another with empty promises of getting together for a beer or dinner. When graduation came, I saw her for the final time. We talked for a while and then her parents came up. She introduced me as her friend. They took a picture of us before we said our final goodbyes. 

The next week, I was packing my stuff for a move across the country and my first job. I heard my mailbox open and close. I walked out to grab the mail, since I was expecting some stuff from my new employer. It was there, as well as an envelope addressed to me with no return address. 

I quickly tore that one open. It was a single 3"x 5" photograph of Shawna and I from graduation. I flipped the photo over and saw that she had written on the back of it.

"Brad,

I wanted you to have this. I don't know if you ever had a picture of me. I started work today. It's pretty exciting. 

I hope you remember me in a good way. I regret a lot of things. I'm sure you do, too. Remember the good times we had together. There were a lot of those.

I hope you have a good life. You're a great guy. You meant a lot to me.

I Love You,

Shawna"

I re-read that a few times, before I flipped the photo back over and looked at her for a long time. She had that same smile on her face that I had always loved. I put the photo back in the envelope and slipped it into a text book so it wouldn't get bent.

--------------------------------------------------

Many years later, I was in my attic sorting through some old boxes. I stumbled across a couple from college. Nostalgia took over and I started digging through them to see what was in there. I came across a fluid mechanics book. I flipped it open and wondered why I had never taken it to the office with my other engineering texts. I smiled when I saw all of the notes that I had scribbled in the margins. 
