 Don't think that I'm a stuck-up bitch until the end of this story, OK? I may have been at one time, but not now. However, to tell this story properly I've got to be straight even if it makes me – Trinity – seem conceited.

I was a sociology major at a prestigious American University, with a minor in kinesthesiology. All through high school and at the start of college I garnered much male attention. While I had my share of sex, I don't think that I had a real orgasm, certainly not one that was an "earth-shattering" experience like you read about. 

The "much" male attention became ridiculous my junior year in college. That was the year I was the main "study subject" for a Sociology PhD Thesis entitled "Caucasian Female Sexuality Attributes In Modern Western Cultures." I worked for a PhD candidate that summer just having photos (clothed or in bikinis, none naked) taken of me, talking to men of all ages in all sorts of situations, and helping graph and analyze data.

Sexual attractiveness is distinct from beauty, but like beauty is often viewed as simply a matter of taste. The doctoral candidate that studied me (and others) came to a different conclusion for female Caucasians in Europe, Australia, and North America (the results were not considered transferable to other races or other parts of the world). According to his Thesis, given a sleek body and symmetrical face, when determined from photos alone the most overwhelming factors determining female sexual attractiveness are "look" (primarily determined by mouth shape and position) and eye characteristics. When there is actual social contact, in addition to look and eye characteristics pheromones and attentiveness are important in determining female sexual attractiveness.

The reason why the PhD student told me that he latched onto me was because of the reaction of all of the males, students, faculty, school employees, etc., to me was legendary. The "legend" was confirmed by his study. According to his data – which I helped analyze (I honestly tried to lower my scores – but he caught me and tongue lashed me for it) – on a 1-100 rating system, in photos I received a score of 96 in responses by 1000 male test subjects ranging in age from 18-70; higher than any other photos of females (including famous actresses) by at least four points. The live reaction of 100 males that summer between my sophomore and junior years, in situations where they got to talk with me in a social situation for five minutes, resulted in a score of 99, higher than any other live subject by eight points (obviously no live famous actresses in this evaluation).

The thesis author concluded that the factors that made men find me sexually attractive were (subjectively) a "glint" in my brown eyes, an unusual and inviting "pursing" of my full lips, and my ability to make one feel important by making intense eye contact combined with naturally sensual movements of my arms, head and shoulders. Plus – impossible to confirm scientifically – a natural emission of pheromones. 

After a summary of the thesis was published in the school newspaper I got hit on more than a piñata at a Mexican birthday party. It was so bad that I stopped taking classes that had male professors – that is unless I needed an A badly in an important course. Then I manipulated the shit out of the professor, and always got my A even if a B.pr a C, was deserved. I finally had to beg a gay (he hadn't publicly "declared" yet) male friend of mine to pretend to be my boyfriend just to get things to a somewhat manageable level.

When I graduated I had lots of job offers, unusual for a sociology major in only the upper third of her class, mostly from horny corporate guys or junior college deans. But I decided that if I have an unusual talent I might as well use it to make big bucks. I decided to become a sort of modern day Mata Hari. I went into the business of gathering information from men who shouldn't be giving it up, but would for the possibility of sex with me. I then sold the information I gathered to my clients.

A typical job of mine was: Company A is aware that its competitor, Company B, has some new product in the works that could give it a significant competitive advantage. Normal ways of gathering information don't work. Like many (I would say "all" but there has to be an exception somewhere) heterosexual men the CEO, marketing manager, or other dude with knowledge, of B thinks that his wealth and power allows him to act like a pig and think only with his dick. 

So A would hire me to get to know the target dude of B. I charmed him while acting uninterested in business matters, and I eventually conned, drugged, or swindled the dude to get the information I needed and sold it to A for big bucks. I rarely had to fuck – or even give a blowjob to – the guy to get what I wanted, but if I did I made sure that I was intense enough to blow his mind. I was so good at faking an orgasm one sexual encounter was all I needed to turn his will to putty.

I made so much money in my unique job I was almost ready to "retire" within seven years, and had all the material things that I wanted. I still wasn't close to finding sexual fulfillment, but the "good life" was distracting me from that. Then I got the opportunity to go into "retirement" in a blaze of glory.

I was hired by a major oil company to get information about the possibility that another major oil company was entering into a multi-billion dollar deal with Chile, where a new oil find had just been confirmed. The right information would net me a cool million dollars (plus expenses). The target was a guy named Craig, head of his oil company's legal department. He was much taller, younger, and better looking than most of my targets, but also more intense and suspicious. Plus he had a fairly new girlfriend. This was going to be a project – and I had only two months to pull it off.

The first thing I did was to meet Craig pretending to be a reporter for a legal publication. I played on his ego as best I could, but he didn't react like most men. Although he had more reason to be conceited than almost any other man I met, he was as humble as a truly self-confident person could be. While there was no doubt that he was attracted to me, he didn't fawn all over me like almost every other target I had set my sites on. However, Craig did make one fatal error – he left me in his office alone. Just for thirty seconds; but that was all the time I needed to plant a sophisticated bug.

Seeing the strength of Craig's personality, I decided I had to sabotage his relationship with his girlfriend if I was to succeed. I wormed my way into a social club that his girlfriend was a member of and quickly got to know a number of people who knew her well. The almost universal opinion was that she was a gold digger – and one who was very vulnerable. She had a significant gambling problem and owed about $40,000 to people you should not owe money to. She was justifiably afraid to ask Craig for it lest he find out about her addiction and the people that she associated with.

I met with the gamblers she owed money to, told them that she had a rich boyfriend and that she was stonewalling them, and gave them Craig's name and number. Craig dumped her within days.

Using my listening device I was able to find out that Craig was going to Chile – I was sure that it was about the new oil find – on business in two days, where he had to entertain government officials. He was bemoaning the fact that he didn't have a female companion for the entertaining since the Chileans would all be with their wives or girlfriends. B-I-N-G-O!

I got another appointment to see Craig telling him – "All I need is five more minutes to finish my article before I go on vacation. Please, I guarantee only five minutes."

After my few fake, perfunctory, questions:

"So you're going on vacation Trinity?"

"Yes, I leave tomorrow."

"Where are you going?"

"To Chile."

"What?"

"Why is that so surprising. I've been told it's a nice place."

"Do you have your whole itinerary planned."

"No the first four days I'm going to play it by ear – after that I have some activities planned."

"Do you know when you leave tomorrow?"

"Yes. It's a Chilean Airline flight leaving New York, at about 11 a.m., I think. I have a first class ticket since I was able to upgrade with frequent flier miles from associated airlines."

Craig had a totally dumbfounded look on his face. I played it straight.

"I, uh, wow, I can't believe this. Ha, I mean, uh I'm on the same flight. I'm going there on business."

[What a surprise. Ha, ha, you would almost have thought I overheard his secretary telling him the airline, flight number and time of departure before I bought my ticket!]

"Maybe we can sit next to each other and I can get some more information from you" I said in my most flirtatious voice, giving him the most fetching look I was capable of, while also subtly exposing one thigh. Not surprisingly he had his secretary change his seat assignment to be next to me – I "just happened" to have my ticket with me – and we met the next day.

Even though Craig was a more difficult nut to crack than any other target I previously had, even he could not spend ten hours on a flight next to me – when I was wearing what was at first blush a conservative outfit but which was cleverly designed to reveal my most desirable attributes in the most intriguing way – and not be enamored. 

By the time that we got to Chile I was his "companion" for all of the social events. "Would you mind if I introduced you as my girlfriend – the Chileans will love

you and it will really help my business?" Craig sheepishly asked.

"No, introduce me anyway you like," I replied, coyly smiling.

I slept in late the next day to make sure that I would be at the top of my game that evening. I worked out, got my hair done, a manicure and pedicure, ate light, reviewed all the information that I had collected from my client and public sources, and was completely ready by the time that Craig picked me up in his rented limo at 6:30 p.m. 

I was leaving nothing to chance. My hairstyle was a classic half-up, half-down, and my dress was a skin tight low cut backless red dress with a slit up one side all the way to my thong line. The only accessories were a ruby necklace, earrings, and ankle bracelet. My makeup was light – except the lipstick, the same ruby red as my jewelry – but accented the sparkle in my eyes. 

I knew my "look" had worked when Craig – who made his living never being at a loss for words – stared at me gap-mouthed for ten seconds before saying in a voice so squeaky it could have been from a cartoon "You, uh, look, uh, real, uh, nice."

That night at the Chilean Economic Ministry it was like shooting fish in a barrel when I put my "charm" into overdrive. While all the wives and girlfriends were shooting daggers at me, the men were giving me all the information that I wanted, maybe thinking that I could be trusted since I was Craig's "girlfriend," but probably because they just wanted to impress me. By the end of the evening I had everything that I needed except for two pieces of information I likely could get only from Craig. Since I liked Craig and he was very good looking, I decided to fuck him, sure I could then get the information I needed.

As Craig and I drove back to my hotel in the limo he thanked me for going with him to the social event and for being such a big hit with the men. Then he laughed and said: "Although I'm sure many of them are going to get hell from their wives and girlfriends tonight." 

I was as amorous as I could be in the limo. 

When we got to the hotel I kissed him on the lips, trying to insert my tongue, but he kept his mouth closed. While not being totally rude about it, after I broke the kiss and invited him up to my room he declined saying he had to be "Well prepared for my meeting tomorrow morning." I knew from the Chileans at the event that the meeting wasn't until after lunch. That shithead!

While I didn't actually storm out of the limo, I didn't bother to turn back and look at him when he called out "Thanks again." I just had to revise my plan for sucking the information out of him.

When I got to my room I immediately stripped, showered, put on just my bathrobe and was sitting down to read a little before going to sleep – though still seething. Suddenly an irritating knock on the door.

"Who is it?"

In heavily accented Spanglish: "A thanks you presente by Senor Craig."

"I should just turn the dickhead's offering away," I said to myself; but I still needed that information so I yelled "OK, I'm coming."

When I opened the door there was Craig – his first words "You may not be cumming yet, but you will be soon."

With that he lifted me off the ground one hand under my ass, the other on the back of my left knee, and planted his lips on mine. I instinctively started to fight him, but he was unbelievably strong. Plus, the pressure he was applying on the back of my knee literally sent electric charges through my entire nervous system. Aside from one smack I gave him on the side of his face those electric charges made it impossible for me to fight back.

It was worst than that. The feeling from him squeezing the back of my knee (I determined later it was a previously undiscovered super erogenous zone) was so intense that I felt myself responding to his kisses. Soon I was kissing him back with the same intensity and amount of tongue that he was kissing me with.

He laid me back on my still-made bed, removed my bathrobe with a single yank, and while still applying pressure to the back of my left knee went after my pussy. He quickly found my normally not-very-sensitive clitoris, and alternated rapidly flicking it with his tongue, and then sucking on it. With his left hand he massaged my labia, and then inserted two fingers and started moving them in a "come hither" type of way. I never thought that I had a G-spot – in fact I thought that it was a myth – but where he was abusing me with his fingers definitely was more sensitive than any other part of my vagina. 

After about three or four minutes of Craig's activities, as I was running my fingers through his hair with one hand and – a first for me when I wasn't faking it – massaging one of my nipples with the other, I suddenly started to feel what I can only describe as an intense heat building up in my crotch. The electric charges elicited by his constant pressure on the back of my left knee, combined with his tongue and finger action, was causing a huge buildup of feeling inside me. Suddenly waves of pleasure started radiating throughout my body, and my lower abdomen started to tense up. Then it felt like my uterus was involuntarily contracting, and I started screaming and writhing around.

After about ten seconds of my screaming, Craig removed his hands from my knee and vagina and squeezed my breasts, while still applying gentle pressure to my clitoris with his tongue. My brain was a muddled mess. All I felt was pleasure – it was like waves of bliss were coursing through my entire nervous system. I don't know how long it was before I was able to start actually thinking again, but when I did the first thought that popped into my head was "I've had my first REAL orgasm!"

So what if my feelings toward Craig were ambivalent. Shit, if he could do this to me, I like him! I didn't even think of my nefarious purpose in wanting to fuck him before – now I wanted to fuck his cock simply for pleasure!

As I was laying on the bed still groggy, I saw Craig taking off his clothes. When his dick popped out as he removed his boxers initially I apparently didn't see it right because it looked misshapen. As he moved toward me I got a better look. It was curved upwardly, was thick; and was uncut. It took me awhile to realize that since I had never seen a penis with foreskin before.

Despite its unusual look, I was anxious to suck it. I was sitting up and reaching for it with the intention of putting it in my mouth, but that wasn't what he was interested in. He stabbed my pussy with that thing, shinnied us upward on the mattress a little more, and then proceeded to pummel the shit out of me.

He was banging hard, with "full length" thrusts, going balls deep and then pulling out so that only enough of his dick was still in me that he didn't have to worry about "missing" when he thrust forward. The foreskin gave the sex a different feeling – like he was gliding, with less friction. What was really different, however, was that the upward curve of his dick as he pumped in and out resulted in intense pressure on that super-sensitive part of my vagina (what I later realized was my G-spot – not a myth).

My God! I felt like a rag doll as he pounded away, more electric feelings going throughout my nervous system. Then the most bizarre feeling in my life up to that point. I suddenly felt a total release of fluid somewhere in my crotch. I felt what had to be an "ejaculation." It caused me to gyrate and twist uncontrollably. This obviously was having a profound effect on Craig because he suddenly started yelling "Holy Shit, I don't fucking believe it," as I was apparently grinding his dick as he was still pumping. 

Just a few more strokes after my "ejaculation" Craig tensed up, groaned, and I felt rockets of his joy juice blasting into me as my vagina spasmed. I felt on top of the world both physically and emotionally.

I was totally drained. Craig was too. He virtually collapsed on top of me, propping himself up partially on an elbow to keep from crushing me; but I don't think I would have felt any pain no matter what he did, there were so many endorphins rampaging through my body and mind!

I must have lost consciousness. I don't know for how long. When I came back to reality, though, Craig was laying beside me, rubbing my neck. When he saw my eyes open he got an enormous shit-eating grin on his face.

"You're a squirter! My first real squirter! Goddamn that was so over-the-top amazing I don't think I'll ever come down from my high!"

Like the G-spot, up until that moment, I was sure that squirting was a myth; but what explained my "ejaculation" and my second orgasm being even more powerful than my first?

"You don't believe me, do you?" Craig queried apparently noticing the suspect look on my face. "Look here," he said, pointing to the area surrounding my crotch.

There, on the bedspread, mixed with what obviously was seminal fluid and typical vaginal sex liquid ("pussy juice") was a large volume of a clear liquid which had soaked the bedspread.

"You had to have discharged an entire cup from your Skene's gland; you had to have voided it completely!"

Apparently I now had an embarrassed look on my face because while stroking my cheek Craig quickly said "Don't be embarrassed. That's a dream come true for me. That fuck was so much better than any other sex in my life, it was like a different experience!"

Since that is exactly how I felt too, I couldn't very well argue with him.

Needless to say, I didn't try to "pump" him for information that night. The only "pumping" that was being done was by him as he fucked me twice more. 

While the second fuck – doggy style – was not as fantastic as the first (and no squirting) I still did have a real orgasm (three in a few hours after never having had one before). But the third fuck – absolutely impossible for me to believe until it happened – was even better than the first fuck.

As he woke me up about 4 a. m. looking for the third fuck I asked him: 

"Are you a mechanical fucking bull or something?"

His response: "I don't normally recover this fast, but then again I've never had sex like with you before, and I'm totally recharged and raring to go."

After he licked my pussy for a few minutes while I gummed his foreskin, he rolled me on top of him and penetrated me. That put the foreskin-covered head of his curved dick in even more intimate contact with my G-spot. We both moved slowly but forcefully, each reciprocation sending shivers throughout my whole body. It wasn't more than three minutes before I felt another ejaculation welling up in me, and as I again screamed while I gyrated and twisted on his cock, wave upon wave of zest scoured my body like a tsunami. This caused him to virtually vibrate in me as he pulled my torso to his chest and pumped stream after stream of cum into me.
