 Part 3 The Erotic Apology

Shayna figured out how she would make it up to her lover for her little "indiscretion".

She had felt guilty about it for over a week. She was enjoying the time with Brad, she loved each and every minute they spent together. But when Paul Brant, a doctor she admired very much, asked her out to dinner, she went -- eagerly.

It was a dinner of fine dining and stimulating conversation. He wasn't a man of humor and wit, like Brad. His intellect was stimulating. He challenged her and she liked that. So when Paul asked her to his place for a drink, Shayna didn't want the evening to end. They enjoyed a few glasses of Merlot. When he asked if he could kiss her, Shayna said yes.

"You're a stunning woman Shayna!" Paul said after kissing her lips softly. "Every time I see you walk by, I imagine how you'd look in my bed, wild and passionate."

"Do you now?" Shayna said, high heel dangling on the tip of one foot.

Paul nodded. "I guess you will just have to see tonight then Paul, won't you?" Shayna said as she led him into the bedroom.

His bedroom held no surprises for her. It was just as she had imagined, neat and well-appointed. Everything in its place, just like Paul.

What did surprise her was Paul's lean, well-muscled body. He obviously practiced what he preached and took good care of himself. As he took her in his arms and undressed her, she was quite enjoying his touches and caresses.

He made love to her elegantly, kissing her softly. He ran his fingers through her hair, kissed the nape of her neck. He tasted each bud of her breasts delicately, his hands thrilling and adept, like the surgeon he was. He played her skin magnificently, she had an orgasm before he even put his cock into her pussy.

He moved with her, she took every inch of him inside and wanted more. The sex was unrushed, pleasant and sensual. It was wonderful.

She wanted more. But the more she wanted it, the guiltier Shayna felt.

******************************************

Shayna was having lunch with one of her friends, Brandi, at a local Italian eatery. The decor was authentic, the food wonderful and she was enjoying the company. She and Brandi were like sister's, although in many ways her friend was her polar opposite.

Both girls were unabashed sensualists. They even reveled in the delights of food, Brandi adoring the Gelato she was consuming. Both were of the same height and temperament, both educated and sexy. Both were blondes, although at the moment, Brandi was wearing her long hair auburn, "just for a change" she'd said to the stunned Shayna. She had to admit though, it suited her friend quite nicely.

They even had the same way of sitting, legs swinging seductively, heels balanced precariously on their feet. Men would stare at the women as they walked, both were attired sexily. It was their little thing, since they'd been teens, they'd always dressed sexy when meeting up. "To drive the men fucking nuts!," Brandi had said with a laugh. They usually did just that, some men were just so obvious, Shayna thought with a laugh.

Her friend was in her "Classy / Trash" mode. She wore a short leather miniskirt with stockings - you could just see the top of the hosiery - and high, stiletto heels. The blouse was a shiny silk, grey and hugged her body close. A hint of lace bra, white, was evident, but it hugged Brandi's form so closely, you could see her hard nipples.

Shayna wasn't embarrassed, they'd slept at each other's homes many times and seen each other naked. She knew her friend was gorgeous, their figures were similar and they could even swap clothes. They still had an occasional "Girl's Night" although they tended to get giggly if the wine was flowing.

Shayna was dressed in her classier sexy look. She had on a pantsuit, in a grey pinstripe. But it wasn't dowdy, far from it. The heels were black and high. She had on a black bustier underneath that a portion of was visible. Her panties were nearly non-existent, a thong that rubbed against her and kept her arousal high.

The men around them were watching them with intense interest, as the two women leaned close and shared secrets. Some of them probably wondered if Brandi and Shayna were lovers, they looked so intimate.

It was a shock to Brandi when Shayna asked her favor. It shocked her, scandalized her and made her question her friend's motives.

But she intended to do it anyway.

*********************************************

Brad didn't understand Shayna's odd request. "Be home, relax, don't go anywhere, but I won't be over?" It made no sense to him in the least.

Shayna was right about one thing, he needed some down time. He pulled off his tie and his jacket, sat down on the comfy couch and opened a cold drink. He was going to relax - not that he didn't love being with his new playmate / lover, they re-invigorated each other - but he wanted to just relax and rest. He wanted to just sit there and be a couch potato, to watch TV and turn off his brain.

He wasn't going to.

Brad had barely poured himself a beer when there was a ring of the doorbell. Moving from his comfortable position on the couch, he answered the door, looking through the peephole to see who was there.

Standing at the door was a woman he figured had to be at the wrong address. She was stunning, alluring - if Shayna had not been his lover, he would have fucked this woman every which way he could and back again. "M-may I help you?" he asked the stunning brunette.

"Oh, I think we can help each other!" she said in a voice that was a whisper above a throaty purr.

"I beg your pardon?" Brett intoned, thinking this had to be some kind of weird joke.

"You are Brad, right?" He nodded. "I'm Brandi, Shayna's friend. She told me that when I was in the neighborhood, I should come over and introduce myself. She wants us to be friendly!" The way she said `friendly' made him slightly uncomfortable, but he knew he could trust Shayna.

  Looking at the sultry brunette in the mini and heels, every part of Brad wanted to be friendly, but he kept his cool and invited her in for a drink. He figured she'd have wine, but she joined him in a cool beer. His head was spinning, his loins ached every time she moved. Her cat-green eyes drew him in and despite his love for Shayna, he was more tempted than he'd ever been.

They talked, but he found it hard to concentrate. Brandi was so much like Shayna and the ways she was not were equally alluring. She'd reach out and touch him every so often and he felt his pulse race, and his cock would pound.

"Am I making you nervous darling?" Brandi purred. "I think I am. I will have to do something about that!"

She leaned forward and kissed him, hard, with force and a tongue that was magic in it's skill. At first he leaned into the kiss, but Brad quickly remembered his relationship with Shayna and pulled away.

"I am sorry, but I care very much for Shayna and I can't do this Brandi. If I had met you first, maybe, but...."  Brandi silenced him by putting a finger to his lips. "You don't get it, do you darling?"  He shook his head. "Baby, Shayna wants us to fuck - she told me to give her a full report tomorrow. I told you, she wants us to be close. Why do you think she told you not to go out tonight?"

Brett's head was awhirl with thoughts. He and Shayna were growing closer day by day, but he knew their was not a formal commitment. Still, he was not going to ruin it. Still, he wanted so desperately to lick, devour, sate his lusts and fuck this wanton creature beside him.

Lust overcame reason and he resumed the kiss with Brandi. Her tongue was a serpent, coiling with his and drawing him in. She leaned over and began to remove his shirt, one button at a time, while intermittently unbuttoning her own silk blouse and letting him see the delights underneath. 

Brandi's skin under the bra bore small tan lines, but you could see that she'd tanned nude on occasions. Her breasts were rounded perfection and as he took one in his hands, he leaned and kissed the nipples gently. "Bite me!", Brandi hissed through clenched teeth. "I like it a little nasty!"

"Okayyyyy," he thought to himself and nipped her nipple gently, eliciting an intake of breath from his new playmate. She wiggled a bit and lay on top of him, raking her red nails against his skin. "Shayna says you like this too, we have that in common!"

Shayna had been talking about him? It didn't bother him at all, it only bolstered his confidence to give Brandi the fuck of a lifetime. He licked her tanned skin, lips pressing together for steamy kisses, as she moved upwards, he kissed her breasts, tummy and as she straddled him, her pussy, shaven and wet with dew.

Brad sucked and licked her cunt, hearing her scream and yell, "oohhhh, Brad, oh you crazy fucker, eat me, lick me, suck me, fucckkk, fuckkk, that's so fucking good!!!!" Brandi was a talker and it turned him on. She was a wildcat, writhing above him and it was taking major concentration to pleasure her, but he revelled in this new fucktoy.

Brandi was insane with fucklust. If Shayna wanted to share, she'd be more than happy to fuck this man every chance she could get. His foreplay alone was making her cum, if he fucked as good as he ate pussy, she and Shayna might come to blows.  

Brandi worked her way down his body and reached for his hard cock. She worked it gently for a minute or two, then pounced on it. Like a high class whore, she sucked, gulped and devoured his man-flesh, loving every veiny, pulsating inch of it in her mouth, wishing she could have more. His cock was magnificent, she thrilled at how lucky Shayna was to be fucking Brad on a regular basis.

In synch with his desires, Brandi straddled Brad and he smiled up at her. "Fuck me bitch!," he hissed through clenched teeth, and she complied, as he talked nasty to her. "Take my hard dick, you fucking slut!" he yelled as he slammed his cock deeply into her cunt.

Brandi rode her new lover, pounding her cunt against him, groaning and yelling obscenities as they fucked. "Oh God, what a great fucking cock you've got! What a great, big, hard, fucking cock!" Brandi screamed out. 

Brandi's pussy muscles milked him, Brad thrust into her, fucking her deeper and harder, in and out, more and more, inciting wave after wave of fucklust into her being, her body moving against his, the springs of the couch yelling in protest.

Brad moved with her, giving her one of the wildest fucks he'd ever given a woman. Migod, it was going to drive him nuts not to fuck her again, she was so MUCH like Shayna in so many ways and yet, her unbridled fuckiness was like a drug. As his cock pounded into her, her just lived for the moment. "You like it baby? You like that big cock in your slutty cunt?" Brandi just nodded and kept moving against him.

Finally, they came. Brandi came first, screaming loudly as she did so. A few minutes later, as Brad was about to come, she swiftly took his cock into her mouth and gulped down his load, grinning lewdly as she did so, a little shine on her cocksucking lips.

They snuggled together on the couch, had another beer, talked silently.  This was a one-time thing, both knew - and both regretted that. It was a shame two people so good in bed couldn't have more than a one-nighter.