 Allison broke the passionate kiss with Shawn, and pointed to the closed bedroom door and gave him a wink before turning to leave. As Shawn entered the door his eyes widened at the sight before him. For years, there had been a fantasy girl that he was sure lived only in his mind. Sitting on the bed, fully exposed and waiting for him, he saw the girl from his imagination. Young and petite with wavy brown tresses draped over her shoulder. He approached her touching her bronzed skin softly. Running his fingers along her collar bone up and wrapping his fingers in her hair. She wore a studded choker around her neck that had "Happy Birthday" written in a delicate script. He lowered her down to the bed with little effort. Shawn, towered over the dark skinned beauty, staring down at her with heat in his eyes. She didn't resist him and let her knees drift apart allowing him to press against to her. A smirk crossed his face at her eager display of readiness. Undoing his pants he released the harden bulge of his groin, giving her full view of what was to come next. Seven inches and a wide girth were going to prove a bit challenging for her tight young vagina. She looked up at him nervously. Laughing gently he wrapped one hand around her neck and bruised her lips in a passionate kiss. His free hand now on her breast rolling her already nipple between his fingers. She felt his cock along her bare stomach and imagined what is would feel like to have it buried inside her. Breaking their kiss, his mouth moved to the breast that had yet to receive his attention. She threw her head back as he sucked on her breast and blew cool air over the little brown areolas, now hard as rubies. Trailing kisses down her belly stopping only briefly caress her belly button playfully with tongue before heading further south. Dropping her knees further she allowed him access to view her pink throbbing core. "Beautiful," he breathed. 

Slowly he ran his right hand from her neck, through the valley of her breast, over her tight stomach, then trailing to the inside of her thigh. Allowing only his figure tips so graze the tiny hair that covered her body. She quivered slightly as he sat on his knees between her legs. Her dripping core so close to his harden member was unbearable. She felt him grip the backs of her thighs as he dipped his head and roughly took her in his mouth. A small cry escaped her lips, then turned into a low moan. He ran his tongue over her outer lips savoring her taste before moving it deeper. Sucking on her inner and outer lips, then clit he used his mouth as a torture device. He could feel her fingers tangled in his hair, begin to tighten. She cried out as she came, her juices flowing steadily into his mouth and onto the bed. Pleased with himself he lapped up her cum will great satisfaction. 

Panting slightly she brought herself up on her elbows looking at him between her legs. There he sat with a cat like grin across his face. Lips covered in the young woman's essence making them shine. With a swift movement he brought her to his chest. One strong hand gripping her firm ass, the other in behind her neck he drove his tongue into her mouth. Tasting herself on his lips, she kissed him back. Caressing his tongue with hers, exploring his mouth sweeten now with cunt juice. 

Taking the dominant role now, she pushed against Shawn's smooth, hard chest until he lay slightly inclined against the mound of pillows. With a hungry lust in her eyes, she mounted him. Her center so slick now, she was confident there wouldn't be much pain. Taking hold of his cock in one hand she began stoking him slowly. He bucked slightly against her hand. Cupping his sack in her delicate fingers, she began massaging it softly. She licked his tip gently with the tip of her tongue then placing her lips to him she kissed and tasted his saltiness. Boldly, she took him wholly in her mouth sucking his manhood till he writhed beneath her. He bucked his hips again, this time against her mouth. He let her lick and suck him till he could stand it no more. Pulling her away from his cock and up his body, placing her straddling just above him. Slowly she lowered herself onto him. They moaned together, him feeling tightly encased in her wet pussy, her being filled with his pulsing member. She rode him slow feeling the walls of her muscles stretch, then faster. Grabbing her waist roughly with his large hands he drove himself up into her hard. He came with a roar shooting his load into her core whose walls now clamped down on him, quivering around him. He filled her entirely, until his semen dripped out of her pussy and she rolled off of him. Laying there, in Shawn's strong arms, covered in sweat and exhausted, she fell asleep. Satisfied with himself he laid there, breathing in the scent of the woman in his arms and drifted asleep with her. The door to the bedroom creaked as Allison entered the room then crawled into the bed with the two sleeping bodies. Draping her arm over her husband she smiled to herself. She laid there wondering what Shawn would think when she told him his birthday present was also the new Nanny.