 What a week it had been! With the cold weather, things at the plant had not run well at all. Production meetings in the morning had turned quite tense. Fortunately, the afternoon meetings were a little more relaxed. 

People filed into the conference room and the meeting began. Holly sat at the end of the table and leaned forward. She repressed a smile as she saw her neighbour, Dwight, sneak a peek at her chest. Holly was wearing a camisole under a large shirt that was left mostly open, only the bottom three buttons being done up. Dwight had also peeked during the morning meeting and during the previous two days' meetings when she had worn similar outfits. He wasn't the only one. She was used to some of the others peeking but from Dwight, it was a first. 

He'd changed over the past few months. He had gone through a grumpy period in the fall but since the Christmas break, it was like he'd given up wearing a mask. There had been rumours that his wife had left him but she'd never heard confirmation of that. These days, he was more open about his work frustrations and issues. But then, he also participated more in the banter during the meetings. He was actually more fun and this afternoon was no different. There was a lot of laughter and a lot of glances. 

Holly really liked the new Dwight and certainly looked back at him. He was handsome and in relatively good shape, with just a few extra pounds around his middle.

When the meeting was over, Dwight called out "Holly?"

Holly looked at him and said "What's up buttercup?"

"Think you could come for a walk with me? I've been working on the phone system and I have to ask you about some of the numbers we have."

"Sure, what number?"

"Well, we have to go to the phone room 'cause I can't remember it by heart."

"Okay. I'll bet you want to ask about the direct phone line to the analyzer."

"Probably, just come see anyway."

And so she followed him. Being behind him, she got to look at his nice tushy. Why is it that so many men barely have an ass? So flat their jeans just flop down from their waists. But not this guy. He filled his pants quite nicely. As they made their way there, he asked "So, you and your boyfriend have big plans for the weekend?"

Holly smiled "I don't have a boyfriend. And my plans are to go to the city and stock up on a bunch of household items like toilet paper. Nothing too exciting. You?"

"Well I don't have a boyfriend either and don't really have plans." 

He was smiling at his own joke. They'd reached the phone room. It was within a locked enclosure and had a locking door. 

"The way this room is locked up, one would think it's protecting some treasure or secret!"

He laughed and said "But it is! Without phones, we wouldn't be able to do our work! This is highly important and classified stuff here!"

Holly laughed too. 

He closed the door behind him and locked it. She gave him a quizzical look but he said nothing. He took a step towards her and she took a step back but was up against the wall in the super small room. He wasn't looking at her face, he was looking right at her cleavage. Again, he took a step in and then he said "You've been driving me crazy all week."

He reached and ran his finger along the edge of her cami, touching her upper breast. Then, he lifted his finger and hooked it under her chin, lifting her face to his. He gently kissed her lips. She tentatively kissed him back. Encouraged, he pulled her to him and kissed her deeply. She responded. They kissed for a while and then he pulled back and said "Holly, I gotta see them." 

Without waiting for any response, he undid the three buttons on her shirt, pushed it wide open and pushed the top off her shoulders, pinning her arms down. Then, he pushed the cami and bra straps off her shoulders and pulled her breasts out of her bra. He rubbed her nipples into hard little nubs while her breathing got ragged. She bit her lip and moaned softly as he continued rubbing them. Holly arched her back, encouraging him to continue his exploration and his caresses. With one hand, he brought her head back forward so he could kiss her again, and returned his hand to her breast, continuing to play. 

Soon, he was rubbing his erection against her, pushing her against the wall. She hadn't had sex in ages and was getting extremely turned on by the intense nipple play and the rubbing. Plus, she hadn't been kissed like that in a long time. He was a good kisser. No, an amazing kisser. And that hard lump pressing against her was totally driving her crazy, just like her cleavage had driven him to do this. 

She couldn't take it anymore, she had to have him. She reached for his erection and started rubbing it through his pants. He interrupted the kiss to moan and she took advantage of it to drop to her knees. She quickly unzipped the pants and reached inside to pull out his engorged member. It was thick and just the right length and she quickly took him into her mouth. He tasted good. She licked and sucked and bobbed her head up and down his shaft, causing him to moan loudly.

With every movement she made, he moaned, which encouraged her to continue. And continue she did. Her hands joined in the fun, one holding his cock and the other gently cupping his heavy balls. After a while, Holly just couldn't resist. She wanted him, needed his amazing cock in her pussy. She let go of his cock and stood up. "I want you. I want you inside me." 

He quickly replied "Here? How?"

"When there's a will, there's a way."

She kissed him and she reached down to her pants and undid them. She broke the kiss so she could push them down. Then she turned around and bent down in front of him. Understanding what she wanted, he pointed his hard cock at her entrance. Then he asked "Are you sure?"

"Oh yes. Please, yes!"

He pushed into her and both of them moaned in unison. It was a tight fit. He grabbed her hips and moved in and out slowly. Holly bit her lips to avoid moaning too loudly. They might be in an isolated area but she didn't want to take a chance. He felt so good inside her though, stretching her just right.

He reached further and pulled her up a bit so he could reach her breasts and tweak her nipples some more. Moaning, Holly closed her eyes and enjoyed the moment. His hands felt so good and his cock inside her even better. His fingers teased her nipples and sent amazing sensations all through her body. She could hear his breathing getting really ragged. He was close. 

All of a sudden, he let go of her breasts and grabbed her hips again. She bent over again and grabbed something to steady herself while he pounded into her. In and out, quickly and without hesitation. The sensations were amazing. He groaned as he stopped deep inside her, spilling his seed. Holly reached into her pocket and grabbed a tissue she had in there. When his cock popped out, she put the tissue up against her opening and pulled up her panties quickly. Then, she pulled up her pants and turned around to see him pulling up his own pants. Before she could straighten up her top, he grabbed her face and kissed her. 

When he broke the kiss, he gently helped her put her breasts back into her bra and straighten her clothing. He kissed her quickly again and then said "I can't believe we just did this. We're in our fifties, not teenagers!"

"Well, I sure don't feel old right now, do you?"

"Hell no!"

They kissed again. Then, he pulled away slightly and got serious.

"Holly, I don't want this to be a one-time deal."

"So, you want to meet here again?"

He smiled and shook his head "While this was really nice, it's a bit too risky for my liking. I was thinking more of seeing you outside work, maybe inviting you to dinner this weekend?"

"Dinner?" 

Holly was dumbfounded. And her face must have been obvious.

"Is that not okay with you?"

"Dwight, aren't you married? I mean I heard a rumour that she left but that's never been confirmed."

"My wife did leave me last October."

"So it was true."

"So, let me get this straight. You weren't sure if I was still married or not... Yet you... you did all this with me...."

"What can I say... Once you kissed me, I turned to mush. And I was really hoping that you were no longer married."

"So now that you know, would it be okay if we got to see each other outside work?"

"Mmmmm, I think I'd like that. Think we can keep it on the down low for a while?"

"Sure."