 My name is Karen. I am a 23 year old married woman. I got married at the age of 19. Probably too young as I had not had a lot of experience with men. I am 5' 3" tall. I am a bit overweight at 138 lbs. I have brown eyes, brown hair just past my shoulders. I like my small B cup breasts. My nipples get really hard when teased. I keep my pussy neatly trimmed. 

Besides my husband I had one other lover. I was 18 and I was seduced by a 42 year old married man. He took my virginity. I admit it was painful but the most pleasurable experience I had.

Thus I have always have had a thing for older men. My husband travels a lot for work. My job keeps me busy during the day. But at night time I am lonely and I would use my favorite vibrator and think about being taken by older men. Sometimes I even thought of having an older man act out a Daddy fantasy with me.

Just for fun I would browse online 'Men looking for women'. I would never act on my actions but occasionally I would respond to the older men looking for younger women. I would tease with them a bit then stop replying to them. Occasionally I would send some nude pictures of me. It turned me on thinking that they would masturbate looking at my picture.

One day an add caught my eye. Older guy wanting to do Daddy fantasy.

My pussy started to tingle and I started to get wet as I read it again. I clicked on the ad and read, "52 year old man, athletic build and nice looking. Looking to fulfill his fantasy of role playing Daddy and naughty daughter. I will be in the S. Falls area for 5 days on business."

I read it over and over. The more I read it the more I wanted to do it. But could I really do it. I am married. I hit reply anyway. I will tease him a bit just like I had done with other men.

"Saw your ad. I am 23 and share the same fantasy. When will you be in S. Falls?" I hit send.

It wasn't 5 minutes and I got a reply:

"Thank you for replying to my ad. My name is Brian. I will be there March 3 through the 8th. Tell me more about yourself. Would you be interested in sharing a picture? G rated of course."

I replied, "My name is Karen. I am a bit shy. I do not have a lot of experience in sex. Only two partners. I work full time. I am married and my husband travels a lot. Daddy daughter is a fantasy I have always thought about. " I found a picture of me and attached it. Then hit send.

Ding- I got mail two minutes later. " Hi Karen, cute picture. I have attached a picture of myself. Let me know if you are still interested"

I opened the attachment. Wow, there is no way this guy was 52. He was handsome. Black mustache with just a few wisp of grey in it. His hair was dark brown and dark brown eyes. It was picture of him on a beach. He was wearing shorts and no shirt. Nice dark tan. He did have a bit of stomach but not really much to talk about. Heck he was in better shape than me.

I replied back, "Nice picture. Yes I would like to meet you."

Shit, what was I thinking? He is going to be here in two weeks. I don't have time to get in shape. What if he thinks I am too heavy? I don't even know anything about him. My mind was running 100 mph.

Over the next two weeks we traded emails at least twice a day. I felt I was getting to know him better. I started feeling safe with him. He seemed very kind. Plus he was from out of town so nobody in town would know about what I was about to do. Yes, I decided I was going through with this. We even exchanged phone numbers so we could text vs emails.

The day arrived when he would be in town. He said he would check into the hotel around 5:00 p.m. on Sunday. This worked out well because my husband was leaving for a few days and was leaving at 3:00. That would give me time to get ready.

I had two weeks to get ready and never even thought of what to wear. I started to have self doubt about doing this. I was getting nervous. It was 5:00 and no text message. 5:30 no text message. 6:00 still nothing. Phew, I felt a relieved. He must have changed his mind or was being a teased like I had with other men.

6:15 my phone vibrates. It's a text from Brian. "I am in room 206 if you are still interested."

My heart leaped with excitement. I texted back, "I will be there in 15 minutes. " Oh my god, what have I done. I still wasn't dress. I put on a bit of make up and put on black button up blouse and a pair of jeans. I looked in the mirror. Okay, I look like a plain Jane. Maybe he will be turned off and I don't have to go through with it. I headed out the door and drove to the hotel.

As I drove I was getting nervous and horny. I didn't know if I had to pee or I was excited for sex. I got to the hotel and walked into the lobby and found the elevator. I pushed the button for second floor. When the door opened to second floor I just stood there. I couldn't move my feet to get off the elevator.

Just as the door was going to close a lady caught the door and stepped inside the elevator. She looked surprised to see me. "Oh, I didn't see anybody get onto the elevator. Are you getting off?"

"Ummm yes, I guess so." I mumbled then got off the elevator.

Okay Karen, you can do this. Let's just see what he is like. I can always back out. I thought trying to psych myself up.

I come to room 206 and lightly knock on the door. I hear, "Be right there."

In a few seconds the door opens. "Hello Karen. I am glad you came. Come on in." Brian said.

I stood there staring at him. I didn't think he would be so handsome. The picture didn't do him justice. He was handsome. A friendly smile. Tan from his resent trip to Mexico. "I almost didn't. I am nervous." I said.

He put his and on my shoulder and gently lead me into the room. "It's okay Karen. If you change your mind you can go. I am a bit nervous too. I have never done this before. I have to say, you are much prettier in person than your picture." Brian said.

"Really you think I am pretty?" I asked.

We were standing close to each other with me looking up into his deep brown bedroom eyes. He ran the back of his across my cheek and brushed my hair back and said, "Yes I do."

I felt his hand on the back of my neck as he pulled me close to him then he kissed me gently on the lips. I almost melted. This handsome older man was kissing me and thought I was pretty.

Brian broke off the kiss and asked me. "Are you okay?"

"Yes I am. Kiss me again." I answered.

He kissed me again. The kisses turned deep in passionate in a few seconds. I felt his right hand in the middle of my back as he gently pulled me into his body. His left hand traveled down my body to my ass. He gently squeezed my ass then pulled me closer so now I could feel his cock pressed against me.

My god, his cock already felt hard and I couldn't help but to grind myself against it. I felt him tugging on the bottom of my shirt pulling it from being tucked in. His right hand slid up the back of my shirt and in a quick pinch of the bra strap he had unhooked my bra.

Things were moving too fast. My head was spinning and my body was aching with desire. But I couldn't and didn't want to stop him.

His hand slid under my bra and moved around to the front and he cupped my left breast. I moaned into his mouth with the pleasure I was feeling nipple get hard from his touch.

I didn't even realize it but somehow he had unbuttoned my blouse and now hung open. Brian broke off the kiss and looked into my eyes and just smiled at me. His hands slid my blouse off my shoulders and fell to the floor. He easily slid my bra off and let it fall to the floor too.

His lips went to my breasts as he kissed, licked and sucked my nipples. Fuck this guy was good. He was almost making me cum by playing with my breasts.

My pussy was soaking wet and I could smell my sex in the air. Brian must have too as he started to work his kisses down my body until he was on his knees kissing my belly. He undid my pants and pulled my pants along with my panties down to the floor which I stepped out of.

I felt his tongue slide along my wet slit. Then he stood up and easily picked me up and carried me to the bed and laid me down. 

He spread my legs and continued his attack on my pussy with his tongue. He slowly licked my lips with his flat tongue. Occasionally he would circle my clit with the tip of his tongue sending shock waves through my body. He started to pay more and more attention to my clit. While doing this he gently inserted a finger into my hungry pussy.

I could feel him rubbing his finger against the upper wall just past my pubic bone. It started to feel really good. I have not had a lot of experience and later found out that is the G Spot. He was making me so fucking wet I could feel my love juices flowing out me and down the crack of my ass.

I felt him slide two more fingers in me giving me the feeling of being full inside my pussy. He began to finger fuck my pussy as he nibbled and sucked my clit ever so gently. I could hear the sloshing of my wet pussy as he started to go a bit faster. 

He then pulled out two fingers and went back to rubbing my G Spot. I felt a wet finger press against my star. I clenched up my ass. This was new to me. But now he was sucking on my clit running his tongue across it. I started to relax and enjoy the pleasure. I felt a finger slide in my ass. He was slowly finger fucking my ass and rubbing my G Spot at the same time. I was surprised. It started to feel really good.

Occasionally he would look at me and say, "Baby, you taste so good. I want you to cum for me."

"Oh fuck, Brian. I am not going to last much longer. "

He started to move his hand faster and faster and sucking my clit harder. I knew I was going to scream out in pleasure as this was the most amazing feeling I had ever had. I reached up and managed to get ahold of a pillow and held it by my heard.

With his other free hand he reached up and started to gently pinch and tug on my nipple. I lost control and started to buck my hips into him. I reached down with one hand and held his head tight against my pussy. The other hand brought the pillow over my head as I screamed, "Oh fuck, oh fuck oh FUUUUCK!" into the pillow.

Wave after wave of pleasure washed over me as I had the strongest orgasm in my life. My body went limp and the pillow rolled off my head. I felt relaxed as I laid there and listened to my heavy breathing. I felt the bed move as Brian got up. My eyes were closed but I could hear him undressing. 

When I opened my eyes I saw him standing at the end of the bed. I looked into his dark dreamy brown eyes. My eyes wandered down to his smile that was wet with my love juices. Moving down I could see the power in him. He had broad shoulders and big hairy chest. His stomach stuck out just a bit but he looked sexy as hell.

Then I saw his cock. He was hard as a rock and sticking straight out. It was much bigger than my husbands. My husband is 5 inches when hard. This had to be at least 9 inches. But more than length that impressed me was it was THICK!

I had mixed emotions running through me. It made me want to fuck that big cock right away. But also, scarred me that it would hurt like hell. 

I sat up in the bed and moved towards him and took his cock into my hand and his balls in the other hand. I slowly started to stroke his cock. The head of his cock swelled making it look huge and scary. I rubbed the tip of his cock across my now hard nipples. 

"Suck my cock baby." He told me.

I took the head of his cock into my mouth. I could already taste the slightly salty pre-cum. I stroked his cock and cupped his balls while I ran my tongue in circles over the head of his cock.

"Mmmmm baby, that feels good. Take me deeper."

I don't know how I could take him deeper. My jaw was already feeling sore from being open so wide. But somehow I did. I worked myself half way down his shaft. I pulled off him with a loud pop as his cock slipped from my mouth.

I was determined to take more down my throat. This time I got ¾ of the way down his shaft before I started to gag. As his cock popped again. My drool dripped from his cock. I could see his cock throb from every hear beat. I slid his cock down my throat again. I got as far as before and was about to give up when he put his hands on the back of my head and thrust his cock down my throat. 

I had his whole cock in my mouth. I was surprised that I didn't have the gag urge. He fucked my throat a few pumps then slid it out. I took a deep breath then attacked his cock with my mouth and hands. Brian's hips began to thrust.

"Oh mother of God!" He moaned as I felt his hot seed fill my mouth and run down my throat. My god for an old guy he had a lot of cum. I couldn't keep up with it all as some dripped from my mouth.

Pulling his cock out of my mouth he looked at me and said, "I want to fuck you so bad." He leaned over and kissed me deeply as our sex fluids mixed together.

He pushed me back onto the bed rubbed the head up and down my wet pussy lips. Then feeling of my pussy being stretched as the head of his cock entered me. I winced a bit as it hurt slightly. But as the rest of his shaft entered me is started to feel real good. In fact it felt amazing. 

I felt so full and when his cock hit my cervix I thought I was going to orgasm right then. Brian lowered his body towards mine so my tits were smashed against his chest. He slowly started to fuck my pussy. While he fucked my pussy he was kissing and licking my ear and talking dirty to me.

"You like my big cock in your tight pussy?" 

"Yes I do. You feel so good." I answered.

"Good, I am going to fuck you like you have never been fucked before." He told me.

With that he started to jack hammer my pussy. It was only a few minutes before I was wiggling in orgasm after orgasm on the end of his cock. My god he had endurance as he kept going. He arched his back and got up off my body and took my wrist and held them down to the bed above my head.

I felt helpless like I couldn't do anything to stop him. Yet, it was turning me on even more.

For a good 20 more minutes he held me there while he fucked my aching pussy. I honestly loss count of how many times I came. 

Brian was breathing heavy; the sweat was dripping off him. I could feel his cock swelling inside me and I knew he was about to fill my pussy with his got seed.

"Oh baby I am going to cum, I am cummmming." He moaned then pulled his cock out and stroked it a few times and his hot cum shot out hitting my face and tits. A couple more jerks and he hit my stomach with two jets. Then I could feel the rest oozing onto my crotch and drip down to my ass.

He collapsed on top of me in a heavy heap. We laid there both breathing heavy. I was wiped out I was able to push enough to him to roll off me. After a bit I was able to catch my breath and struggled to get up onto my hands and knees.

Brian looked at me and said, "What are you doing?"

"I need to shower and clean up before I go home." I answered.

"Awww don't go yet. I haven't finished my promise to fuck you like you have never been fucked before."

With that he reached up and put his arm around my waist and in a big tug he had pulled me off my knees and hands and into his body with my back pressed up against his chest.

"Brian, you already did. I never came so many times in my life." I told him as I tried to roll away from him and got as far as onto my stomach.

Before I could press up he was quick to roll over on top of me pinning me to the bed. I could feel his large limp wet cock against the crack of my ass. He began kissing my neck and ear sending shivers down my back.

"No I have to get going." I told him.

"Why, your husband is out of town." He replied.

"I know, but I have to pick up my kids from my mom's."

His hand slipped under me and started to massage my right breast and rolled my hard nipple between his fingers. At the same time his other hand slid between my legs and started to gently stroke my clit, which sent a jolt through my body.

"Your body tells me you don't want to go." He teased.

He was right. Plus I could feel his cock getting hard against my ass. It was poking against my pink star. I had never done anal but it felt kind of good sitting there.

"No, I really need to get going."

It was if he never heard me. He moved down and got his legs between mine and spread them out. I felt his cock pressing against my pussy. Try as could, I could not stop him from sliding that big cock back inside me. Everything was telling me, I need to go. But my pussy welcomed his member into me.

I squirmed a bit telling him, "No, no you have to stop. I need to get home."

That just seemed to encourage him to hold me down more and start to fuck me harder.

The pleasure of being forced fucked overcame me and I gave up and started to moan in pleasure. He fucked me from behind like that giving me two more orgasms before he pulled out and shot his hot cum all over my ass. 

When he finished he laid down next to me and stoked my hair telling me how beautiful I was. I somehow fell to sleep and woke up 45 minutes later as he was picking me up out of the bed.

"What are you doing?" I asked.

"Taking you to the shower. You said you need to clean up before you went home." He said.

He carried me to the bathroom and set me down. He got the shower going then I got in and he followed. He washed my body for me and we had some deep romantic kisses in the shower.

Once done we dried off and I got dressed. He kissed me good bye. 

An hour after I got home I get a text from Brian.

"Sorry I was a bit rough with you. I just wanted you so bad I couldn't stop."

I texted back. "That's okay. I liked it. Plus it's nice to have someone who finds me desirable. The only thing was I never got to do the Daddy Daughter fantasy."

Five minutes later I get a text. "I know, I got caught up in the moment. My only other free night is Thursday. Can you come to my room at 6:30 dressed like a little school girl?"

I called my mom and told her I have work to do Thursday and asked if she could watch the kids again. She said she could. I text him back, "Yes I can. J.

"See you then." He replied.

Thursday could not come soon enough. I kept thinking about how handsome he was and the power he had over me. When my husband would call to check in with me I was more annoyed that he was calling me and taking my thoughts away from my older man.

My mom was picking up the kids from school and bringing them to her house. I left work early to get home and pick out what to wear.

I found a short skirt school outfit I wore for Halloween one year. I was pleased it still fit. I put on a white blouse and this little black tie that came with it. I looked in the mirror and new it needed more. I put on makeup so I looked a bit trashy. I liked how I was looking. Then I had an idea. I took off my bra. Putting the blouse back on you can make out my dark areolas. 

Thinking of Brian sucking my tits made my nipples grow hard and my pussy wet. My nipples were now very noticeable poking against the sheer blouse. Shit I need to change my underwear. They are already wet. As I took them off I said, "Fuck it." I am not wearing underwear either.

It was a bit chilly out so I was able to wear a jacket over my outfit so I wouldn't draw attention to myself. I walked down the long hallway nervous for our second encounter. I was kind of dizzy as I was breathing heavier every step I got closer to his door.

I arrived at his door. There was nobody else in the hallway. I took off my jacket and knocked on the door and said, "Daddy I am home. Can you let me in?"

I heard him walking towards the door. The door opened and he stood there with a drink in his hand. He was dressed in blue jeans and a crisp white dress shirt. He didn't say anything for a bit. Just looked me up and down.
