 He watched his wife as she rose from the pool and admired her in the figure-hugging one-piece swimsuit. For a sixty year woman she still looked damned good and she still talked about keeping their relationship interesting. Sometimes he thought she meant shocking since she was as inventive about their sex life now as much as she was in their youth. 

Usually she wouldn't have been wearing anything since they skinny-dipped in their own pool but they were at a friends for a summer barbeque so they were being nice for them. As he watched his wife and brushed back his white hair he frowned, there was something about her that seemed to be different. Then he realised what it was instead of her smooth pubic mound her lips were very prominent in the crease.

"Penny for them," she asked as she dried her hair.

Since their friends were both away he decided to ask, "Have you done anything to your cunt dear?"

"Oh that old thing," she laughed, "I've shaved my cunt so I'm completely smooth and it's making me very horny."

When he heard this he was dumbfounded and very curious this was something he had always wanted her to do. So it with some excitement that they left the other couple and drove home. Most infuriating was the fact that whenever he wanted to talk about it she would change the subject. When they got home she jumped out of the car and opened the gate. 

Then she stopped in the middle of the headlights dropped her robe she still wore and turning around slipped her swimsuit off so that she was naked in the lights of the car. Turning around she pirouetted showing off her body and the newly shaved cunt that she had told him about. Then nonchalantly she picked up her clothes and began to walk towards the house. 

He slowly followed her hips as she walked so sexily to the house and then opened the door. It was moving with an almost crippling erection that he got to the house only to be greeted by his naked wife. She flung her arms about his body and began to rub her body against his she felt his hard cock though his thin shorts. She let her hand slip into his shorts and slipped them off his cock and stroked it a couple of times as though she was testing it to see if it could become harder.

"You seem to be happy to see me," she purred in his ear.

"Let's get to bed and fuck like rabbits," he growled in reply.

"No, I think I want to shave you first. Only fair since I am," she purred.

He looked at her in surprise and then stammered, "Sha-sha-shaved."

"Yes shaved. It'll be fun come on," she said this as she led him cock in hand to the bath room.

It was no surprise to him that she had already prepared the room for her task and she stripped his shorts from his body with practised ease. Kneeling in front of him she stroked his cock so that he was hard and taking the scissors she cut the white hair around his cock to a short stubble. Then satisfied it was short enough she applied a hot towel to soften the hair and then lathered it ready for the blade.

"Now don't move," she said unnecessarily as she began to shave him. 

It seemed strange watching the razor scrape away the hair that had partly hidden his cock for so long but it was also exciting that she was doing this to him. His cock seemed to achingly hard and she stroked it every now and again so that it would remain that way. Even so he did not move since he feared that she might cut him accidentally. She seemed so careful with each stroke of the razor. When she shaved his balls it had sent goose-bumps through his body but he had remained very still.

Then she was wiping away the remnants of the shaving cream and running her fingers over the smooth skin. As though seeing it for the first time she explored each inch of his cock and balls with her fingers and leant so close he could feel her breath on his newly nude skin. 

"Hmmm, it is so smooth. It makes you look even larger than you are," he heard her mutter to herself before she popped the head of his cock into her mouth.

As she pumped his cock through her lips he felt her fingers stroke and scratch his balls gently. The lack of hair made his cock seem so sensitive and it was only the fact she kept a firm grip on the base of his shaft that stopped him from shooting cum straight into her mouth. Each stroke through her lips seemed to send pulses of pleasure through his body that seemed to build on each other. All the time as he held her head to his groin she touched her smooth cunt and felt it slowly grow more and more excited. 

Suddenly she pulled her mouth from his cock and looking up into his shocked face she grinned impishly and said, "Well what about giving me some pleasure after some cock sucking."

As she said this she stroked his cock slowly and guided him to the bed. Letting him go she lay on the bed naked and opened her legs so that he could see her naked hairless cunt. He could see her crinkled lips open and knew that she was ready for him. He reached out and touched the smooth skin again and slipped two fingers between the juicy lips into the wet flesh beneath the curtains of flesh. Pulling out his fingers he felt as though he had pushed them into a furnace, the flesh seemed that hot.

Feeling again the hardness between his legs he swung her legs from the bed and onto his shoulders and pulling her legs further apart he guided his cock between her legs so that it was at the entrance of her cunt. As he did this she pinched her nipples and rubbed at her clit which now peeked out of the hood it usually hid behind. 

Grunting with renewed pleasure he thrust the hard flesh of his cock deep into her hot cunt. So quickly did he invade her that she squealed with the pleasure of the shock of his first stroke. Deeply in her he pulled out and then thrust into her again grinding his groin slowly against hers and exciting her clit with his movement. Thrusting again and again at first slowly into her she felt the old womb quicken and pulse with life that his fucking had given her. 

Now his grunts were met with her groans of pleasure as she felt the stirrings of her orgasm that still shot through her body with delicious intensity just before his cum shot deeply into her body as she her legs slipped from his shoulders to lock about his waist. Perhaps it was less active than when they were younger but it was still as sweet. 

Panting with the exertion he slipped from her and climbed into bed and started to stroke her sweaty body. As he did this she played with his cock and rubbed at his newly shaved skin. As she stroked and fondled his cock waiting for it to rise again she laughed softly and patted his cock.

"What's the joke," he mumbled.

"Nothing much just that when the hair starts growing back it's going to itch like hell," and then she pulled her body over his and kissed him passionately feeling his cock rising slowly.