 The figure hugging dark blue leather pants instantly attracted Michael's attention. He had just stepped into the carriage as the train doors began to close. Quickly grabbing a seat as Friday's last suburban train left the central city station, he found himself casting his eye over the people who had entered before him as they also settled into their seats. 

She sat across the aisle with a man between her and the window. As no one else was in the seat next to Michael, he leaned against his window and was able to surreptitiously check out the wearer of the leather pants.

Above a pair of heels the skinny fit leather seemed glued to her legs, one of which she crossed over the other. The smooth matte finish appeared to Michael to have a beach to bar feel perfect for a Friday night in the city. That they might take pride of place in her wardrobe was emphasised by the rather ordinary country style jacket she wore. Michael's eyes were drawn to the exposed skin the low-rise fit had left between her pants and jacket. 

Having travelled up her body his eyes rested on her face. Blond longish hair, conventionally pretty, she looked around twenty four which was similar to Michael's twenty five. He paid almost no attention to the man next to her, who also looked about the same age, and whose hand she held on top of her knee. But it did strike him that, other than holding her hand, her boyfriend or husband did not pay her much attention. He was engrossed in his mobile phone. 

As a result her eyes began to close and as she leaned into her partner, her hip moved towards Michael, exposing some more skin as her leather pants rode down slightly. Michael noticed the emergence of black lacy underwear. What little he could see looked, like the pants, fashionably expensive. 

As they passed by the third station stop, she slid a little more causing Michael to think, "Sexy little minx." She had turned a little in her seat and it became clear from the half inch of material running along her hips and disappearing into her pants by her butt, that it was a lacy thong she was wearing. 

Two stops later Michael was shaken out of his daydreaming about the blue leather minx by the realisation that his stop was next. He got out of his seat and went to the door to await the train's arrival at the station. To his surprise, as the train pulled into his stop the couple from opposite him walked up to the door. 

When the train door opened Michael stood back smiled and let them exit first. For that he was ignored by the man but the blue leather minx smiled briefly and said, "Thank you."

Even that little smile lit up her eyes which Michael noticed were blue, and resulted in a little dimple on her right cheek. Michael immediately revised up his first impressions, she was more than conventionally pretty. 

Walking behind them as they began to climb the stairs out of the suburban station, all Michael could focus on was her butt. Small peach like and tight in her leather, her practiced heel to toe walking had her hips swaying from side to side. As her hip movements seemed slightly more exaggerated she had Michael's full attention as it seemed to him like a mating call, telling the world that she is in heat. 

He again noticed that though the guy she was walking with held her hand, they did not talk. "I would so be whispering in her ear if I was him," thought Michael, "She is the definition of hot to trot."

At the top of the stairs the exits from the station were to the right or left, and Michael was pleased to see them turn right past the coffee shop and along the road in the direction Michael had to walk to get home. The lease on his flat had expired and he had moved to stay temporarily with his father, in what was the family home in which he grew up. He hadn't been sure he wanted to come home but he was pressurised by his sister who, since their mother had died the previous year, wanted someone to spend time with their father to, in her words, "Make sure he is alright." 

His dad actually seemed to be coping well, and Michael was enjoying his time with him much more than he expected. They lived in a little cul-de-sac with four houses on their side of the street. On the other side the four houses that had originally stood opposite had been demolished and twelve apartments built. 

Michael was still watching the leather minx's butt when she turned into his cul-de-sac on the apartment side. Michael followed and as the couple stopped to open the gate to enter the apartment complex, her eyes turned to him and he smiled again and said, "Goodnight."

She smiled a little more deeply and said "Goodnight," and briefly glanced towards where Michael crossed the road to his house. That smile had in Michael's opinion increased her allure even more.

Realizing his father would be in bed, he quietly visited the bathroom and took himself to bed. He, however, did not want sleep to come quickly as he preferred to keep the memories of the blue leather minx with the dimpled smile run through his mind. Remembering her sexy walk caused his cock to stiffen and he began to gently stroke his hand up and down his shaft. In did not take long before his body tensed with an intense orgasm and he fell asleep thinking, "I have got to talk to this girl."

Later the next week his first opportunity arose. He tended to vary the time he left for the station and on the Thursday he left a little later intending to catch the 8:20 train. As he approached the coffee shop beside the station he saw the couple from Friday's train ordering their drinks. Michael went up to the counter after they stepped back and ordered himself a cappuccino. 

Saying to himself, "don't be too forward, don't be too creepy," he turned walked a few steps towards the couple and stuck out his hand to the guy.

"Hi, I am Michael, I saw you on the train last Friday and I see we are neighbours."

The guy, just a little reluctantly Michael thought, stuck out his hand and said, "Hi, I am Scott and this is my fiancée Sarah."

Michael turned offered Sarah his hand, smiled and said, "Hi Sarah, how long have you been here."

Sarah smiled politely and said, "Only two months, we are from farms near a small country town called Springdale, which you probably have never heard of. It is our first time living outside of Springdale."

"Welcome to the big city," said Michael, "I am temporarily back in the family home living with my dad."

Just then the barista called one flat white and one hot chocolate and Scott and Sarah went to get their drinks. "See you around," said Michael as they left. Sarah smiled but he did not get any reaction from Scott.

Michael got his coffee in time to catch the train. While thinking it unwise to stand next to where they were sitting, he did position himself towards the back of their carriage where he could see them from behind. 

Sarah was dressed more conservatively in a white blouse and blue skirt, but Michael though her jacket again looked somewhat ordinary. Like the previous Friday, Michael observed that Scott became engrossed in his mobile phone leaving Sarah looking out the window as she sipped her drink. "I wonder," Michael said to himself, "Does he pay her enough attention."

When they got to the central city the couple exited at the other end of the carriage from Michael. As this was the busiest station on the line, Michael was not surprised that he lost them in the crowd. Still he walked to his office with a bounce in his step as he now knew her name and that she was new to the city. "Maybe that explains her wardrobe," he thought, "Mostly ordinary Springdale stuff coupled with the few good city pieces she could afford."

Michael began to get into the habit of catching the 8:20 train every day. Most days he saw Sarah and Scott outside the coffee shop or on the platform, and they usually exchanged a couple of words or a smile. 

But on the following Thursday Michael saw Sarah rushing towards the coffee shop alone. 

"One flat white," she said and then she stepped back beside Michael to wait for her order. 

"Hi," he said, "You all alone today?"

"Oh hi. Yes Scott has two days out of town at an agricultural show, and it's been a rush to get ready in time," Sarah replied.

"What does he do that he needs to go to agriculture shows?" asked Michael.

"He is in the marketing department of an agricultural equipment firm."

"Oh, tractors and stuff?"

"Yeah something like that," Sarah replied with a little giggle. 

Michael stepped forward to get his coffee as his order was called. He waited for Sarah to get her order and asked her "And what about you, what do you do?"

"I have just started as an Executive Assistant to the Planning head at the city council," she said before getting her coffee and naturally walking with Michael towards the platform. 

"Are you liking it so far?" he asked.

"Yes I am, although I miss my previous job."

"What was that?" enquired Michael.

They reached the platform just as the train was pulling into the station. Michael stood back and let Sarah enter first. She chose an empty two person seat which Michael took as an invitation to sit beside her. 

"I was an executive assistant in a Springdale law firm, it is quite a small firm but does a lot of conveyancing and contract work for farmers," Sarah continued. 

"That sounds good. But if you would rather read than talk to me just say," said Michael.

"No, you would think at twenty four I would be over childish things, but I get queasy if I read in a car, bus, and apparently a train. So I am happy to chat if that is ok with you."

"Wow," thought Michael as he nodded yes, "Scott knows this and still doesn't talk to her." His thoughts were interrupted by Sarah asking, "What do you do?"

"I am in my first year as a lawyer as part of a commercial team in one of the city firms." 

"Oh that is cool, I would love to get back into a law firm, but when I put in my CV I didn't even get an interview. Scott didn't think I should continue searching so I took the job at the council."

As they continued to chat about working in a law firm, a plan formed in Michael's mind; perhaps Ruth who runs training at Michael's legal firm could give him some information and he could make a good impression by helping Sarah with her career. 

Having reflected on this, he said, "Would you like me to ask our HR people about what they are looking for in legal assistants' qualifications and experience."

"I don't want to put you to any trouble," replied Sarah.

"That's OK, it should only take a few minutes. Why don't you give me you mobile number and I will text you with how I get on."

"That would be great," Sarah said with enthusiasm and she dictated her number to Michael.

He entered her number into in his phone, saying with just a hint of flirtatiousness, "Every girl needs a guide in the big city."

Michael caught Sarah's smile at his slightly flirtatious remark. When she replied, "So are you going to be my knight in shining armour?" Michael realised with some pleasure that she was not above a little flirting herself. 

The train soon pulled into Central station and they parted with Michael saying, "Bye, I will let you know how I get on."

"Thanks that would be really helpful," replied Sarah.

That afternoon it only took a few minutes of Ruth's time to get the information and papers setting out the paths to become a legal assistant. Ruth thought that Sarah's experience helped as it was better than an internship. But she though that Sarah would need to enroll in a community college program and earn an associate degree. She gave Michael information including websites that included local course recommendations that she obviously handed out to anyone who enquired. She also explained that while some law firms had in the past hired people with no legal education and trained them on the job, this was now very rare. 

Armed with the information, Michael texted, "Your knight has delivered. Whenever you are free I can show you the info. Tonight?"

A short time later a got a response, "Yes I am home by 5:30."

Michael was pleased but a little surprised that she was happy for a relative stranger to come to her home while she was alone. He had expected her to suggest somewhere more neutral like a bar. He carefully considered his reply before going back with, "Cool will drop by around 6 with info. And a bottle of wine to toast success."

"Ha, will only be able to judge success when see the info," Sarah responded with a smiley face. 

Michael slipped out of work a little earlier than normal and first went to buy the wine. Thinking about what might surprise a country girl, he decided against sauvignon blanc or chardonnay. After a while he thought, "Gewürztraminer because it smells floral and spicy, has some sweetness but not too much, and I bet you can't get it in Springdale."

Satisfied with his choice he went home and as it was still warm changed into cargo shorts, a casual shirt and boat shoes and made his way across the road, having texted Sarah for her apartment number. She let him into the apartment complex and was at the door of her apartment when he knocked. 

Michael thought he had succeeded in looking good but Sarah knocked him out. She wore tiny shorts which emphasized her long shapely legs and a short white t shirt which showed a little skin. Michael could see the outline of a patterned bra beneath her top. 

"Come in, "she said, "Sorry it is hot in here but this is not the best air con in the world."

Michael dragged his eyes away from Sarah's figure and looked her in the eye saying, "That's ok, at least we are both dressed for the heat."

Sarah smiled and said, "Put the papers on the table. You shouldn't have got wine as well."

"I was happy to. You get the glasses and we can have a glass while I show you the info."

"Ok boss," Sarah replied leading Michael to think that perhaps he should settle down and not force the pace. 

But it did not take long for Michael's plans to work and for Sarah to be swept up in the evening. After tasting the wine she said, "What is this, it is unusual but really nice. I don't think I have had anything like it."

"Yes it is good," Michael replied "it is a French grape called Gewürztraminer which goes down really well on a warm day. Did they not have this in Springdale?"

"No mostly run of the mill sauvignon or chardonnay. It is so good to try new things."

Michael, happy he was making progress showed her the papers he had bought. Sarah was pleased that her experience helped, and appreciated the advice about enrolling in a community college. She took the website information to look at later.

When Michael had finished explaining what Ruth had told him, Sarah sighed and said, "Thank you, now I get it. I could not understand why with my experience I wasn't being interviewed but now I know it is rare for law firms to hire people with no legal education. I get that I was fortunate in Springdale and I am going to have to change my approach here."

"I am genuinely pleased I could help," Michael said before partly disguising his smile of satisfaction behind a sip of wine. 

Michael got out of his seat reached for the bottle and poured both of them another glass. As he sat he asked, "What do you like best about the city compared to home."

"That's easy, clothes shopping so far. Not that I can afford a lot, but I have brought a few nice fashionable pieces and am slowly updating my wardrobe."

"Yes I imagine there is more choice than in Springdale," Michael continued.

"God yes, for instance it is easy to get denim jeans, but I got a really nice leather pair that I have never seen in the country." 

"That must have been what you were wearing when I saw you that Friday night on the train. They looked..."

Michael paused uncertain about what word to choose, hot or sexy probably would be too creepy. Suddenly a word came to him, "...so sophisticated."

Sarah's smile fairly beamed and he knew he had the right word. She obviously wanted to feel less like a country girl, and in truth the blue leather did suit her desire to change her image. 

Michael continued, "It had a beach to bar look perfect for a Friday night."

Sarah's smile took on a slightly quizzical look and Michael realized she was not used to a male saying something like that about fashion.

He said, "I know who would ever expect a fashion conscious male," which made Sarah laugh.

"At university I dated a fashion design major for three years," he explained, "So trying to show an interest like a good boyfriend, I got to know what to look for and what was good and not so good."

"Are you still together?"

"No Claudia was so good at design that she not only topped her year group, she got invited to work at a design house in Paris. I have not seen her since she left."

"Wow," said Sarah obviously genuinely impressed, "are you seeing anyone now?"

"Not really, still enjoying being single and meeting new people. It's fun to do what you want and not be tied down," Michael said, not admitting he had a third date with a fellow lawyer on Saturday.

"Wouldn't you rather have a steady girl friend?"

"There are advantages. I liked it at college but even before Claudia left for Paris, I realized she was happy because she was exploring new things and it was time for me to get to know a broader range of women before settling down. You only live once and I would hate to get old and regret not having sampled all the world has to offer."

"Oh," said Sarah a little reflectively, "I had better get on with my dinner." It seemed to Michael she had changed the subject.

"OK I had better go then."

"No, no," Sarah said suddenly "Would you like to stay and eat, it's just a country style lasagna I made last night. There is enough for two and you did say you wanted to sample all the world has to offer."

Michael happily accepted. As he watched her prepare the food, he took the opportunity to ask a little more about what she liked and to share a little about himself. It became clear to Michael that Sarah was looking forward to exploring the cafes and beaches given their absence in Springdale. Michael pointed out there were a few local cafes which were worth trying. 

When she asked about his favorite locally he mentioned the tapas bar that was on the other side of the train station. 

"What is tapas?" Sarah asked.

"Oh it is small tasting plates of Spanish food, really good you should so try it. Not too expensive if you have a small number of plates. But some of the plates are worth paying a little more for as they import some of the ingredients from Spain." 

As she was finishing the meal preparation, she mentioned she loved to dance. Michael pointed out, with a smile, that there was not much line dancing in the city's clubs. Sarah was holding an oven glove as he made the remark, and it was instantly thrown at his shoulder.

"I am not that country a girl!" she said laughing. 

To Michael that showed the greater comfort she felt in his company and as they sat and ate, he began to inject a sexual note into some of his comments. 

In talking about which of the beaches along the north east coast were good, Michael found himself saying that he preferred the beaches that were further north as the surf was better and as there were less families many of the girls sunbathed topless. When Sarah blushed just a little he asked, "Have you never sunbathed topless?"

"Well yes out the back of the farm but not when someone can see."

"Claudia started to go topless as she hated tan lines, but after a while she was keen to go right to the end of North Palm Beach where there was a section reserved for nudity. I think she had grown to like both looking and being seen."

Sarah blushed and looked uncertain as to what to say, so Michael thought it wise to not mention Claudia's bisexuality.
