 "Thanks for coming with me to this party," Katie said. "I know you don't really know any of these people."

Katie's boyfriend, Michael, went to State U., while she went to U. of City across town. The two schools were rivals academically and athletically, and Katie and Michael were going to a U. of City party hosted by Katie's friend Jeremy.

Jeremy and his roommates lived in a house off-campus. When Katie and Michael arrived at the party, there was a beer keg set up in the kitchen, and people were milling about in the various other rooms downstairs. The party was lively, but not overly crowded, and it was quiet enough that you could have a conversation without too much trouble.

Katie and Michael headed straight to the kitchen for a beer, and there Katie was relieved to quickly spot Jeremy.

"Jeremy! Hey, I want you to meet my boyfriend, Michael. He likes to play poker, too. You should invite him to come play in your game."

"Oh yeah?" Jeremy asked enthusiastically as he and Michael shook hands. They started gabbing about poker and Katie blew a sigh of relief. They could easily end up going on and on about poker for half an hour.

Katie wandered off from them and went looking for the whole reason she came to the party in the first place—Jeremy's roommate Jacob. It didn't take long to spot him in the living room around the corner from—and out of sight of—the kitchen. Jacob played baseball for U. of City. He was six-foot-two and absolutely gorgeous.

Katie pretended to be interested in whatever the people sitting on the couch were doing, the whole time watching Jacob out of the corner of her eye. When Jacob parted ways from the guy he'd been chatting with to get another beer, Katie didn't want to miss her opportunity. She pounced.

"Oh!" Katie exclaimed as she accidentally-on-purpose walked into him. Katie was about five-six, barely shorter than Michael. When she bumped into Jacob, she noticed that her eyeballs came just about even with Jacob's well defined pectoral muscles. The thought turned her on.

"Hi, I'm Katie," she said as Jacob started to apologize. She held out her hand, and Jacob smiled as they shook hands and introduced.

"Oh yeah, Jeremy was telling me about you. Glad you could make it tonight," Jacob said.

"Thanks. So, Jeremy says that you play on the baseball team here. That's so cool. I'm a huge baseball fan."

"Yeah, I play third base. That's awesome that you're a fan. You ever make it out to any of the games?"

"No, this is my first year here. But I'm planning to come out to as many as I can in the spring. I heard you guys are supposed to be really good this year."

That did the trick well enough. Jacob was more than happy to talk about this year's team. Katie listened to most of it, but occasionally she would get distracted looking at Jacob's toned biceps and lose track of what he was saying. He didn't seem to notice. She continued to smile and nod and take swigs from her beer until she had polished it off.

Eventually Michael wandered back into the room looking for her. He spotted her and walked over. Katie turned her head only towards him and smiled.

"Hey, sweetie. This is Jacob, Jeremy's roommate. Jacob, this is my boyfriend, Michael."

Jacob looked a little confused, but the two boys exchanged pleasantries. Katie didn't waste a second before tapping on her empty beer cup.

"Sweetie, could you run and get me another beer, please?"

"Huh? Oh, yeah, sure thing, babe." Michael had gotten about two steps away when Katie called after him to wait a second.

"Do ... you ... need another beer?" she asked Jacob.

"Oh, yeah, sure that'd be great. Thanks."

"Two Michelob's, please, hon. Thanks!" she said before immediately turning her attention fully back to Jacob. For an instant, Michael looked a touch perturbed, but went to get the beers anyway.

Jacob looked briefly to the empty space where Michael had been, and then back to Katie, and smiled, mostly to himself, clearly amused that this girl was totally blowing off her boyfriend in order to talk to him.

Jacob looked over Katie. She definitely had an awesome body. Her clothes were fairly laid back for a house party, but her top couldn't hide the fact that she had great breasts, and her jeans were tight enough to convey a lot about what was underneath them.

Michael came back with the beers a few minutes later and handed one to each of them. Katie thanked him without really acknowledging him. Michael tried to inject himself into their orbit, standing so that the three of them made a small equilateral triangle. Katie consciously kept her toes pointing right at Jacob and maintained eye contact, her body language silently but unambiguously announcing that Michael was an unwelcome interloper to this conversation.

For a while Michael gamely turned his head back and forth as each one of them took turns speaking, like someone watching a tennis match. After a while he realized that he wasn't going to be welcomed into the circle, and although he tried as best he could to make it appear otherwise, he shuffled off in unmistakable defeat, like the way that pack animals will slink away from the alpha's territory.

Katie practically purred with arousal. Jacob started to wonder if maybe there was something at play here, but he was totally unprepared for what Katie suggested a few minutes later.

"So, is there anything you guys are running low on, anything you guys need more of for the party?" she asked.

"Um, not that I can think of," Jacob said perplexedly. Katie realized that she was not going to be able to put this subtly. She glanced over her shoulder to look for Michael. Not seeing him, she tugged on Jacob's sleeve, pulling his ears close to her lips.

"Surely there must be something we can send my boyfriend out to get in order to get him out of the house for 20 minutes," she said, before releasing him and try to smile at him as innocently as she could.

This time, Jacob got the picture. "Jack Daniels. We're out of Jack. And he better hurry because the liquor store closes soon," he said without hesitation.

"Perfect," Katie replied. She texted Michael, who reappeared almost immediately.

"I have a huge, huge favor to ask you," she said, looking at him just as sweetly as could be imagined. "We are quickly running out of liquor, and the liquor store closes soon and most of the guys here are already too drunk to drive. Could you please take this $40 and run to the store and get a fifth of Jack Daniels for the party? I told the guys you could do it, and they said you could keep the change."

Michael started to protest, but Katie immediately punched him in the shoulder, and her sweet look was replaced with an angry one. Jacob had to look off in the other direction to keep from laughing at how she was playing him.

"Michael!" she said sternly. "Stop being selfish. I already told the guys you could do it, and if you don't, this whole party is going to start being lame. Do not be rude or embarrass me."

Michael was clearly not happy, but he relented. He grabbed the money rudely and stomped out of the house.

"Okay, so where can we go to fuck?" Katie asked Jacob urgently the instant the door slammed shut.

Jacob took her by the hand and led her upstairs to his bedroom. Katie was so excited she practically took the stairs two at a time. She figured that they had maybe 15 minutes, tops, before Michael would get back. That didn't really leave any time for foreplay—they were going to have to get down to business quickly. The sense of urgency somehow made it more erotic in way she never would have imagined.

Once they were inside Jacob's room, he turned his back on her for just a moment to peek down the hallway and lock the door. By the time he turned around, Katie had almost finished tearing off her clothes. In another second, she was standing in his bedroom completely naked. She rushed towards him and grabbed his shirt and pulled him in towards her and they began kissing.

Katie circled around him so that Jacob was between her and the bed, and began walking him over to it. When they reached the bed, Jacob fell backwards on top of it. He unbuttoned his pants and scooted himself back onto the bed. Katie pulled off his pants and climbed on top of Jacob, whose cock was now firmly erect. Katie, already soaking wet, practically salivated at the sight of it. Truly everything on this man was built to scale.

"You're going to get a lot further than third base tonight," she said.

Katie lowered herself on top of that cock and started rocking back and forth. It felt so good to ride him. She leaned her shoulders back and jutted her breasts out to give Jacob as sexy of a view as possible. She cupped her breasts in her hands and fondled them. The look in Jacob's eyes told her that he clearly appreciated the show.

Katie let her hands drop as she started to feel her orgasm building up inside of her. She leaned forward and put her hands on his chest and started sliding her hips back and forth, picking up the speed. He felt amazingly good. In a few moments her eyes rolled back in her head and an incredibly powerful orgasm washed over her.

When she had finished, Jacob put his hand on her and rolled them over so he was now on top. She liked the way that he positioned her how he wanted her. Jacob was fired up from watching her ride on top. He took one of her ankles in each hand and stuck her legs up in the air in a v. And then from his knees he started thrusting his cock deep inside of her. Katie ogled his bulky biceps and toned pecs while he fucked her, and she threw her arms to each side and arched her back to give him a full view of her body as well.

As he kept thrusting, the arousal started to well up again and she arched her torso further back. She could see the wall behind her now, and she noticed something that she had somehow missed in her hurry to tear her clothes off—the door of the closet was a floor-to-ceiling mirror.

"Oh, God," she moaned.

She rolled over and propped herself up on all fours so she could watch him do her doggy style. He was more than happy to accommodate her. Katie was getting off on watching him fuck her, and watching him watching her as she watched him fuck her.

"Who's a good little slut?" Jacob spoke for the first time.

"Oh God, it's me. It's definitely me. I am. I'm a good little slut," Katie moaned.

"Do you like getting fucked like a slut?" Jacob asked. "Do you like sneaking up here to let me fuck you while your boyfriend is off on a beer bitch run?"

"Oh God, yes. I love it. Please fuck me like a slut," Katie moaned a little louder. Her voice probably—probably—didn't carry all the way downstairs, but anyone who happened to be hanging out upstairs would be able to hear every word clearly as Jacob called her a slut and a whore and she enthusiastically agreed and begged him for more.

Katie could feel her second orgasm coming on, this one even more powerful than the first. Her fingers white-knuckled the bed. Her feet crumpled into a semicircle. She could feel it in the furthest extremities of her body, and it seemed to go on and on as the overpowering sensation rocked her body.

Just as she had finished and had opened her eyes again, Jacob came. She could feel him shooting a huge load of cum into her. She watched him in the mirror as he climaxed. It made her feel good to see him get off like that. When he finished, her hips sank down to the bed and she lay face down. Jacob rolled over onto his back. They were both satisfyingly spent.

"Wow," he said.

"Wow," she responded.

Slowly the euphoria passed and Katie started thinking clearly again. They didn't have time to lie in bed and cuddle. Michael would no doubt get back to the party soon. She started getting dressed.

"Go downstairs and wait for me exactly where we were standing before," she told him. Then she gave him a long kiss and rushed to the bathroom to clean off his ejaculate.

Katie found Jacob downstairs waiting exactly where she had told him to meet her. "Hey, what's your cell phone number?" she asked him. They quickly exchanged numbers. She was just putting her phone back into her pocket when Michael returned with the alcohol.

Michael went to the kitchen to put the whiskey on the counter. He looked at the bottle that had been there when the party started. There was still about a third of it left. They might not even end up needing a second bottle, he thought to himself. That didn't bother him, though—he had made a few bucks and he was glad to have an excuse to get away from the party for a bit anyway, especially with how Katie had been rather rudely ignoring him.

Michael found Katie and her new friend exactly where he had left them. Katie waved at him when she saw him and smiled the widest smile a person could. This time, her body language was entirely different. She and Jacob turned their bodies to welcome him to their circle, each one facing into the center of the triangle they formed together.

"Michael, you and Jacob should really chat. He plays baseball for the school team," Katie said, then turning to Jacob, "Michael is a huge baseball fan. He knows every statistic for every player on every team."

"Oh yeah? Is that so?" Jacob asked. And then Michael launched into a long conversation about baseball, the way boys like to do. Jacob nodded and smiled. This was no doubt the first time he had ever chatted baseball with a guy whose girlfriend he had just finished fucking the brains out of, but clearly he was getting a rush from the animalistic feeling of dominance.

To Katie, it felt like the whole rest of the house was buzzing with the sound of everyone whispering about the three of them, watching them while trying not to be too obvious about it. Jacob could have been alone downstairs for several minutes while she was cleaning up. Surely he told his friends about what he had just done. He had told everyone about it, she was sure of it.

"That's the whore, her over there," she could practically hear them saying with disgust. "I could hear her going on and on about what a slut she was being the whole time he was fucking her ... Her boyfriend must be such a pussy-whipped little wimp to not have any clue what she just did to him. Look at him just standing there talking to the guy that just fucked his girlfriend like nothing happened ... But, hey, good for Jacob. He's the man."

It all started to get too much for Katie. Watching Jacob, towering over Michael, rubbing his face in what they'd just done without him knowing it. Sensing the looks of condemnation from everyone else in the room. Just watching Jacob and listening to his voice. She was getting turned on all over again.

She was jolted from her thoughts by Michael putting his hand on her shoulder. "Are you okay, sweetie?" he asked. "You don't look so hot."

"Um, yeah," she stammered. "I just had too much to drink, I think. I'm going to use the restroom. You boys stay here and keep talking about baseball."

"Hey, no problem," Jacob said cheekily.

Katie locked the bathroom door behind her. She sat down and pulled down her jeans and panties. Her pussy was soaking wet again. She started rubbing her clit to get herself off. It felt good, but it wasn't satisfying her. She pulled out her phone and took a picture, zoomed in close on the fingers of her other hand pumping into her pussy.

She texted the picture to Jacob. She included a message: "I was getting so turned on standing there with you talking to him right after you fucked me like that. I had to come in here and masturbate. I'm locked in the bathroom fucking myself with my fingers thinking about your amazing cock while you're standing there talking to my boyfriend."

She pushed send. That sent her over. She had her third orgasm of the night, smaller than the last two, of course, but still satisfying. She bit her lip and covered her mouth with her elbow to try to keep the sounds from escaping the bathroom. If anyone was waiting in line to use it, they still might have been able to hear her in there moaning.

Jacob could feel his phone in his pocket buzzing. He didn't bother taking it out and checking it. He had a pretty good idea who the text was from.

Katie made herself presentable and rejoined the boys. "I'm not feeling so great. I think I'm ready to go home," she announced to Michael. "Would that be okay?"

"Yeah, sure thing, of course," Michael said. Katie thanked him and kissed him on the cheek.

"Well, it was very nice meeting you, Jacob," she said, turning to chastely shake his hand. "Maybe I'll see you around campus some time."

"Yeah, sure, maybe I'll see you around some day," he said casually. Katie and Michael quickly ghosted from the party. Jacob checked his text message and smiled. It was even better than he expected. This girl was something else.

Michael was staying at Katie's apartment that night, so it was only a five-minute drive home. It was a very silent drive—neither one of them said a word to one another the whole way. It was only when they finally got back to the apartment and Michael locked the door behind them that Katie released a huge sigh. She looked at Michael nervously as he turned around.

"How did I do?" she asked him anxiously. "Was it the way you had imagined it?"

"Oh my God, yes, you were amazing. It was exactly the way I had pictured it going down," he said. "What about you? Did you enjoy it?"

"I did," she said. She was worried about how he would react to her admitting that. But he didn't appear upset at all. Rather, he looked quite pleased.

"Good," he said. "I wanted it to be fun for you, too. I wanted us both to enjoy it. How are you physically? Are you okay for me to get a round of sloppy seconds?"

"Sure," Katie said nonchalantly.

They moved to the bedroom and undressed. Katie lay on her back on the bed, and Michael lowered his face down to the pussy that had just been so thoroughly pounded and started flicking his tongue up and down her clit.

Katie started to get wet again. It felt so good feeling Jacob's tongue deep in her pussy. No, wait—Michael's tongue. Michael was the one going down on her, she reminded herself. Her boyfriend, Michael.

Katie began to moan. Sooner than she would have preferred, Michael crawled on top of her and slid his penis into her wet pussy.

Sex with Michael had always been enjoyable for her. Not mind-blowing or anything, but fun. He was a gentle lover, and she appreciated that given the handful of other sexual experiences she had had before him. But now, feeling him inside of her so soon after Jacob had driven her wild with lust, she hardly felt anything. She felt empty, both physically and emotionally—kind of bored, even.

Katie noticed that, unusually, Michael had his eyes closed. She was sure that he was thinking about Jacob fucking her, trying to picture it in his mind. That's okay, she thought—she was thinking about it, too.

Michael usually lasted a long time in bed, so Katie was shocked when he started to come in under a minute. She could see in his face that he was having an incredibly powerful orgasm. Katie wasn't sure what to do. For the first time all night, she faked an orgasm.

"Holy shit," Michael said as he rolled off of her. "Holy fucking shit. That was amazing. Good god. Was it hot for you, too?" She looked to her for approval.

"Yeah, it was really good," she said, hoping that her eyes and voice wouldn't betray her.

Michael cuddled her for a good long while, and by then it was quite late, so they washed up and got ready for bed.

"I love you, baby," Michael said, as he always did, as he turned out the lights.

"I love you too," Katie responded as always.

It wasn't long before Michael was sleeping like a log. Katie, however, was still wide awake, thinking about and reconstructing everything that had happened that night. Her thoughts were interrupted when her phone started buzzing with an incoming text message.
