 All comments and criticism welcome.



Jess, Tom and I quickly settled into a routine. When they needed oral attention, they would call or stop by. 

Jess knew of my times with her husband, but he knew nothing of her trips to my office or home to sit on my face or lay back on the couch while I licked her pussy and ass.

A few times, I got what I called my "daily double." Tom would fuck his wife before leaving for work, and she would bring her cum-filled pussy for me to clean and provide her the orgasm that he hadn't. Then later that day, Tom would call me to his office, ostensibly to talk my legal case against my ex-wife. In reality, I spent nearly all my time there between his legs, sucking the cock that still tasted of his wife, until he came deep in my throat.

One slow Saturday afternoon, I'd finished all the work I was going to do that day on the weekly paper. I'd been horny all day, so I locked the front door, settled back in my chair in the back office and started slowing stroking myself to Internet porn. 

With no place to go and nothing to do, I could spend hours slowing jerking my cock while watching the action on my computer screen. I'd stroke myself as close to the point of no return as possible before stopping. After a few hours of this, the orgasm I had always proved to be spectacular.

I'd searched until I'd found a favorite clip of two men fucking on a popular x-rated site. I watched as one man knelt between the other's open legs and stroked lube onto his erection. After a quick swipe of a slick finger along his partner's ass crack, he slid forward and rested his hard cock against on the other man's rosebud.

When the top man pushed his cock into his lover's ass, the bottom man moaned and pulled his knees open, allowing the dick to slide further inside. The top gripped the inside of his partner's thighs and found a rhythm that had both of them grunting and moaning with pleasure. 

I squeezed the shaft of my stiff dick and waited for the best part of the clip. After a few minutes of leisurely fucking, the bottom man unhooked his hand from where it was helping to hold his legs open for his lover and reached for own dick. But the top man pushed his hand away. 

The top gripped the bottom's dick, pulling back until it was parallel to the bottom's body. He started stroking the bottom's cock at the same pace in which he was fucking his ass. As the pace quickened, the bottom's moans became more intense until he his back arched and cum poured from his cock and landed all over the pair.

The bottom's orgasm triggered the top's, and he pushed deep into his partner's ass.

Just then, I heard the front door to my main office push open. I could have sworn I'd locked it.

"Just a minute," I yelled out. "I'll be right there."

I quickly turned the computer's sound down, as I worked to shove my dick back in my pants. I was still zipping up as I came around the desk, headed for the front room. My visitor had not waited at the front counter and I wanted to stop them before they reached my back office.

I failed.

Jess reached the doorway as I was adjusting my shirt.

"What have we here?" she asked with a wide grin on her face. "Did I interrupt some alone-time?"

When I allowed that she had, in fact, caught me pleasuring myself, she stepped past me and around the desk. She plopped into my chair, grabbed my mouse and restarted the video I had been watching. I stood silently near the desk, unsure what to say or do.

After a few minutes, she looked up.

"Do you like to have your butt fucked?" she asked.

I shrugged my shoulders. I'd never had anything in my ass, I explained. The closest thing I'd ever had to an anal sex experience was rubbing my asshole while I masturbated.

"That's too bad," she said, her hand idly rubbing along the crotch of the nylon running shorts she was wearing. "I bet I'd like to watch you take it in the ass."

But other matters were at hand. She pushed her shorts and panties off and threw one leg up on the side of my desk. I dropped to my knees and settled in front of the chair.

"Tom's out playing golf," she said as she scooted her hips to the edge of the seat. "I've got about 30 minutes before he should be home."

I gently touched my the tip of my tongue to her rosebud and licked toward her clit. Her sigh of contentment told me all I needed to know.

I worked her pussy thouroughly, tonguing her hole, sucking her clit and stroking her with my mouth.

Jess pushed my head toward her bottom. 

"Eat my ass," she said with a moan.

The juices from her pussy were running and I could taste them as trailed my tongue from her pussy to her ass crack.

As I alternated between flicking my tongue across her asshole and pushing gently at it as if to penetrate her, I reached around with my hand and rubbed her clit with my thumb.

That pushed her over the edge. I glanced up to watch as Jess, still wearing her T-shirt, threw back her head and began to roll her hips as her orgasm overtook her.

I held on as the movement subsided and until she released my head from her grip. Instead of backing away, I took one last swipe with my tongue up her slit and across her clit, causing her to shudder.

She glanced at my desk clock and jumped up, nearly knocking me over.

"He's going to be home any minute," she said. "I've got to go. I'll see you soon."

After those few minutes between Jess' legs, I didn't need the Internet anymore. Still on my knees behind my desk, I pulled my cock from my pants and jerked it while savoring the lingering taste of her sex. It didn't take long before I was shooting my load all over the floor.

* * * * *

The next week flew by. Tom called twice and asked me to come by to talk about my case. 

On Monday, he was standing up as I came through his office door. By the time I had it closed and locked, he'd dropped his pants to reveal his raging hard-on. I dropped to my knees in front of him and Tom fucked my mouth until he came.

He quickly put his cock away and thanked me for coming by. It was clear I was being dismissed, not that I really minded. Five minutes and a load in my belly is a perfect Monday pick-me-up.

But on Friday, Tom called late in the afternoon. When I walked through the front door, I noticed his secretary was gone. 

"Come on back," he said. "We're all alone."

Tom was naked and sprawled on his office couch. I kneeled between his knees and leaned in to lick the pre-come that was beaded on his mostly stiff cock. Tom moaned his approval and shifted so I had complete access to his package.

For the better part of an hour, I licked, sucked, stroked and worshipped his cock. Feeling his shaft between my lips and tasting the slightly salty pre-come that leaked from his dick left me in a blissful state where nothing mattered but the pleasure I was giving the hard cock in my mouth.

At one point, I glanced up from my cocksucking and caught Tom watching me work. When our eyes met, he didn't look away. Knowing that he'd gotten past any squeamishness about letting another man blow him made me want to work even harder to please him.

I wrapped my fist around his shaft and stroked him while sucking the tip of his cock. His moaning intensified and he soon grabbed the back of my head and pushed my mouth further on his shaft.

"Fuck, yes. I'm coming," he groaned, before letting a torrent of semen into my mouth. 

I held tight to his cock until it began to shrink away. Tom and I chatted for awhile after I'd finished, and he assured me that my legal case was on track and appeared winnable. I left his office feeling great, between the cocksucking and the good legal news.

It had also been a busy week at work, so I cut out early on Saturday and planned to do nothing but relax on Sunday. I was laying on the couch at home Sunday afternoon when my cell phone started chirping.

"Tom's gone golfing," Jess said after I answered. "Can I come over?"

When I answered the door, Jess was standing on my porch in that cute yellow sundress that accented both her curves and her tan. She was holding a white box with big red ribbon on top.

"What's this?" I asked.

"Just open it, you'll see," she said handing me the box.

I followed Jess into my living room while untying the ribbon from the box. Inside I found an oddly shaped dildo and a bottle of lube. She broke into a huge grin after seeing the look on my face.

"I'm going to do your ass," she said. "After what I saw in your office the other day, I went home and ordered this."

Jess had given me a FeelDoe. It's designed essentially as a strapless strap-on. The toy is a long cock-like shaft that has a smaller, bulb-shaped protrusion that sticks up at about a 90-degree angle at one end.

"The small end goes in me," she said as I held the thing up for inspection. "And you know where the big end goes."

Jess lifted her dress over her head, revealing the pink bra and panty set she'd been wearing the first time she'd visited me at my office. I dropped in front of her and put my face in her crotch. I ran my tongue along the lacy fabric of her panties, savoring the dampness of her underwear on my tongue and smelling the aroma of her arousal. 

After a few minutes of rubbing my face in her panties, Jess stepped away. 

"Get undressed," she said. "I'm ready."

I scrambled to get naked. Jess removed her panties and inserted the sex toy into her pussy. She jiggled around a bit, but the the silicone cock stayed in place.

She twisted her hips and looked at the big blue dick protruding from her body. She was clearly admiring her new appendage.

I'd taken a seat on the couch. She stepped to me and I leaned over and gave her dick a lick. 

"So that's what it's like to watch you give head," she said.

Jess reached for the lube, squirted a dollop in her hand and started working it on the shaft of the toy. While she was lubing her cock to fuck me, I laid back on the couch and pulled my feet back over my head.

Jess ran her lubed hand along my ass, climbed between my knees and let her silicone cock rest between my cheeks. She reached behind her back and unclasped her bra, freeing her ample breasts. It occurred to me that this was the first time we'd ever been complete naked in front of each other.

Jess reached between her legs and switched on the bullet vibrator inside the toy. I'm not sure who moaned louder, her or I. She started rubbing the greased pole between my cheeks, running it from my balls back past my asshole. I strained to keep my head up so I could watch the blue cockhead appear from behind my balls as she stroked.

With one hand gripping her rod, Jess zeroed in on my hole, with shorter, purposeful strokes around my hole. On the upstroke, her cock would catch slightly in my ass, giving me the sensation of penetration along with pressure on my prostate. It was heavenly.

"Are you ready?" she asked.

"Please, give it to me," I replied.

Jess lifted her hips and began pushing harder against my asshole. I tried to relax as much as possible to make taking the dick easier. With a slight push, Jess popped the head of her silicone dick past my sphincter. I let out something between a yelp and a moan.

The sensation was fantastic. It might seem that having Jess' fake dick inside me would be the same as when I'd used a vibrator on myself, but it wasn't. 

"Are you OK," she asked.

"Oh, God, yes," I said. "Just let me adjust to having you inside."

Jess held still for a moment, but her urge to thrust quickly took over. Soon she was making long-full strokes, pulling her silicon dick out of my ass, until only the head remained inside and then sliding the full length of the vibrating shaft into my rectum.

The vibrating was clearly having an effect on her, too. Jess was biting her bottom lip and her eyes were glued on watching her appendage disappear in my butt.

She pushed my knees farther apart and her strokes intensified.

"Jerk your dick for me," she said. 

My cock, which had laid semi-hard on my belly while Jess fucked my ass, sprang to life when I touched it. Watching her fuck my ass, her breasts swaying with each stroke was going to push me over the edge.

"Give me your hard dick," I moaned. "Please. Give it to me."

I stroked myself faster, as Jess pumped the silicone cock in my ass. When I came, my ass clenched on her rod, intensifying my orgasm. Jess buried the dick in me and held tight as I shot long, rope-like strands of cum across my chest and face.

My orgasm triggered hers and she bore down on the vibrator's clit stimulator and came.

After a minute, when I could relax and let her slide from my bottom, Jess collapsed back on the couch. She switched off the vibrator, but left it laying against her leg and still in her pussy as she worked to catch her breath.

"That was amazing," she said. "I never would have guessed how great it is to fuck someone."

When she could stand, she pulled the FeelDoe from her snatch and put it in the box. As she dressed, she mentioned that Tom had been bugging her to set up another visit to their home from me.

"He thinks there is going to be a repeat performance of last time," she said. "He has no idea."