  Their First Tastes 

The gallery's clock skipped over another minute and Alissa Clayborn tried not let the pain in her gut consume her. She tucked a strand of hair behind her ear and picked up her purse. Her fingers dipped inside and she dug out her cell phone. Chewing on her lip, she dialed his number. Her fingers hovered over the call button. 

"You'll look desperate," a voice whispered behind her. 

She closed her eyes and felt her stomach lurch. Alissa turned around and stood up. Her lips trembled as she reached out and touched his face. "Quint?" 

"Hey." Quinton Maloy pulled her cell phone from her hand and turned it off. "I'm sorry I'm late. There were problems at work and then the car decided it didn't want to cooperate. I apologize."

Alissa swallowed the lump in her throat. "It's okay." Her hand began to fall from his face, but was quickly captured in his grasp. She watched him lick the pulse that beat under her fragile skin. 

"Good," he told her. "Are you ready to go? Or is there more of the River Gallery you would like to see?" He walked around the small bench that separated them and placed her palm in his. He squeezed her hand, still not quite believing she was here. 

"No, there is no more I wish to see." 

"Good."

He led her outside. The time now approaching 4:30 and the Gallery and was about to close. He'd arrived in a cab and it sat idling in a parking spot in front of the Museum. "Walk or ride?" he asked her. 

"You decide. You know where we are going." 

He paid the driver, thanking him for his time and then he aimed them to the North and began their walk toward the small coffee shop at the corner. "What did they say?" he asked her. 

Alissa took a deep breath. "They told me I was stupid. You were too young for me. I was taking a risk meeting you . . . " 

"Aren't you?"

"Aren't I what? Taking a risk? Or too old for you?" she asked. 

They continued walking as he answered her question. "Both." 

"I thought I was too old for you, until I realized that with you I felt young. Am I taking a risk? Yes, but after living my life the way I was expected to, I think it is time I took some risks," she told him. 

Quint agreed and opened the door to the Independence Coffee Company and followed her in, before letting the shop door close quietly behind them. He pointed out a table for them, placed his hand on the small of her back and together they wove their way between tables and customers. 

They sat down. Quinton's hand still held hers and he refused to let her go. If he did, he was sure she'd disappear. He stared at her, watched her blush and then shook his head in awe. "You're amazing." 

She rolled her eyes and shook her head in disagreement. "You're a goof." 

"Alissa, why did you finally leave?" he asked. 

She took a calming breath and stared at him. "I couldn't continue living the way I was. I couldn't hide the fact that when I had to go weeks without hearing your voice I would fall into this pit of depression that only your voice would pull me out of. I told myself that I had to come. The 'what ifs' piled up and I couldn't push them away any more."

"What ifs?" 

"You know. What if you died? What if I died? What if you just disappeared and found someone else, when I was the one you were supposed to be with? What if . . . " 

"I'm glad they piled up," he told her. 

Their coffee came and they sipped at it until it cooled. In that time they both spoke of how they had first met. Each one remembered how they pursued the other through Instant Messages and hours of conversations. The first night they spoke on the phone, he'd made her body hum in pleasure for more than six hours. They had taken breaks, allowing her time to rest and enjoying discussions about things they had in common. During that time, they both agreed it was a friendship and nothing more.

"When did you know?" he asked her. 

"Know?" 

"When did you know you loved me?" 

"When you said my name." 

"Huh? I don't understand," he told her. 

She finished her coffee and placed her hands in her lap. "Whenever we 'played' on the phone, you called me your pet, or your slut. I enjoyed that. I still do, and I hope we will enjoy that this Summer, but when you said my name. When you called me Alissa during one of our slow, love making sessions and not my nickname Allie, I knew I was in love with you. I cried that night." 

"I know. I remember." 

Her lips rose in a smile. He took her chin in his fingers and leaned over the table. His lips touched hers and she sighed against them. Quint took a sample. "We should go," he whispered against her mouth. 

"Yes, we should." 

They got up and left the coffee house. He again kept her hand in his and they headed down the block this time rounding a corner and arriving at a park. "You'll love this place," he told her. 

"When did you know?" she asked. 

"When I had to go home for Christmas and I had no access to you. No online service and no phone calls. I thought about you every day. I could hear your voice. Your giggle. I could hear you breathing in my ear. I knew I was lost. I couldn't wait to get back to school, so I could get online and write you. I couldn't wait to call you on the phone and talk to you again. I knew then I was in trouble." 

"Now?" 

"Alissa, having you here with me for the next two months is going to be a mixture of Heaven and Hell. Heaven because you and I will be able to do wonderful things together. We'll be able to have our time. Hell because I know you'll leave . . . you are leaving, aren't you, Alissa?" 

She took a deep breath and spied a bench. They sat down and she turned to him. "Quinton. I can't stay. I was only able to come here for the summer because I made arrangements for the kids to stay with their dad. This is the first time I'm putting myself first in over fifteen years. I still feel guilty." 

"Why?" he asked. 

"Because I'm not there. I mean that I've always been there. I've been there for every game, every performance and every tear."

"What about him."

"He's not been; that is the only reason my guilt isn't consuming me to the point of going home right now to check on them." 

Quinton touched her cheek. "I'd leave if I could. I'd relocate if I could. I've got this semester and I'm done and then I've got a job lined up with a Studio here." 

"I know. I never asked you to move. You're not going to make it in acting by performing at The Embassy in my little town." 

His fingers pushed through her hair and he pulled her closer to him. "Let's stop this. We both have jobs and responsibilities, but right now, for the next eight weeks, we have each other." 

They kissed. Their lips pressed together and their tongues slowly slid back and forth. They angled their heads and dove deeper. Her fingers clutched his shirt and his knotted in her hair. She could feel her skin flame up and her stomach knot. He felt his veins flow hot through his skin and his body tingle in anticipation. Their kiss ended and he pressed a kiss to her forehead. "Let's go back to my place. My roommates are gone for the Summer, so the place is mine. You didn't get a hotel did you?" 

She smiled softly. "No. I knew I wouldn't need one." 

A satisfied smirk rose up from his lips and he chuckled. "Good thing." 

They sat there for a few minutes, enjoying the setting sun. He called the local cab company and within fifteen minutes the driver he'd dismissed earlier was back and they were snuggled together in the rear seat of the taxi. Alissa giggled. 

"What?" Quinton asked her. 

"I was just thinking of all those conversations we had about 'playing' in public and in cars. Look at us, now. We're such chickens." 

He laughed. "I know. We played out some wicked fantasies didn't we." 

"Yes." She turned to look at him and kissed his lips. "I want to act out some of them." 

His hand moved down her neck and over her arm. "We will." Soon the cabby arrived at Quinton's rental house and he held Alissa's hand as they walked up the steps and across the small porch. Once they reached the door, he pulled her to him. "Remember our biggest fantasy?" he asked, tucking several strands of her hair behind her ear. 

She tilted her head as she tried to recall the one they'd relived many times over the course of ten months. 

He grinned and traced her lips. "You always asked, 'What would I do if you knocked on the door and I opened it to see you standing there?' Remember?"

"Ah, yes I do. We talked about you sweeping me into your arms and making love to me. We said we'd just go at each other like animals. We also said that you'd just drag me to your bedroom, tie me down and fuck me senseless." 

Quinton chuckled. "Well . . . you didn't surprise me, but I think over the next couple months we'll do all of that." He pulled her tight and tickled the roof of her mouth with his tongue. He released her and opened the door to his home. "I'll give you the grand tour, if you like." 

"No. I just want you." 

The door closed behind her and he pressed her back against it. His mouth descended to hers and their lips once more anchored them to each other. His tongue came out in search of its dancing partner. He angled her head and pushed against her. Quinton felt her fingers slide between their bodies and up to his shoulders, then into his hair, where she twisted the short brown strands. She breathed in his scent as he did hers. His hands moved down her arms and to her waist. Pulling her shirt from her shorts, he cursed at the fabric when he realized it would not cooperate fast enough for him. 

"Alissa, this summer, promise me two things," he told her as his mouth rested near her ear. 

"Anything," she muttered. Her hands moved to his shoulders and she leaned her head to the right, offering him more of her neck.

"No shorts or pants and no button shirts." 

She giggled. He groaned and stepped back. "This is a cute shirt. How much do you like it?" 

Her face took on a confused expression. "It's nothing special just a -." 

He tore the buttons free, ripping fabric and threads. She laughed and threw her head back. He stopped and listened for a moment. She noticed and looked at him. They were similar in height. He topped her by only a couple of inches, though in age she was nine years older than he. Her eyes blinked at the look of adoration on his face and she pulled his mouth back to hers. "Will I ever get enough?" she thought to herself. 

Quinton moved palms down her ribs and felt her jerk. He locked the knowledge inside, promising to use it later. His mouth abandoned hers and captured her right ear lobe, while her nails trailed down his chest to his T-shirt. She ran her fingers up his chest and played with the sparse coating of hair that lay hidden under the cotton.

"I can't tear this off you," she whispered out in a breathy moan. 

He chuckled and stepped away once more. This time his hands pulled his shirt off over his head and he tossed it to the side. She smiled and let her fingers dance their way back up his body. He shivered at her touch and moved his hands to her bra straps. "Oh, another promise. These aren't necessary, are they?" 

She giggled. "Not all the time, but sometimes yes." 

He grinned. "Not in this house." 

"Deal," she answered. 

He eased the straps down and then spun her around to press her chest against the door. "Allie I've wanted to fuck you like this for so long." 

She looked over her shoulder. "Do it." Her eyes reinforced the words and she watched his tongue come out to moisten his lips. 

"Don't move," he ordered. 

A thrill ran through her as she watched him move away. She turned her head back to the door and listened to him strip off his clothes. Her hands went to her shorts and she released the button and zipper. A firm commanding swat on her ass, followed by a deep "I said don't move" filled her ears and sent another thrill through her. 

She placed one hand on the door, the other on the door knob and tried to calm the heat that was flowing through her system. She felt his breath against her back and the wet tip of his tongue trail down her spine. His fingers released the clasp of her bra and his hands pushed away the material. 

"Step back a bit," he whispered against her ear. She did and her bra was slid off her torso. Her breasts sway and he moved up behind her, cupped them and lifted them up. His mouth caressed her shoulders and his fingers teased her nipples.

"Alissa, you've wanted this haven't you?" he asked, grinding his naked cock against her short clad rear. 

"Yes," she answered. 

His hands squeezed and massaged the full globes and then released then to slide down her stomach. Quinton reached her waist band and wedged his fingers between the shorts and her warm skin. He pulled on the cloth and bent down at the knee as he slid them away from her flesh. He exposed her white panties and trailed his fingers up her legs as he went toward the round ass cheeks to expose those too. 

Alissa felt his tongue slid over both cheeks as he pulled the white satin down and lifted her feet from both her sandals and the clothing he'd taken his time in dragging off her. Alissa stood still. Her breasts were pushed against the door and his hands moved up her legs as did his mouth. Bites and sucks were placed upon her lightly freckled skin. She felt him nudge her legs and she spread them. "Quinton," she gasped. 

His tongue slid higher and she felt her juices slip from her sex. His breath caressed her and she trembled with need. "Please," she whispered. 

Quint thought back to all the times he heard her whisper "please" to him over the phone. He smiled. Her voice never sounded so sweet as it did now in real life. He pushed his tongue between the glistening wet lips and tasted her for the first time. The taste was intense, raw and full of life. He was lost to it and pushed his tongue in for more. 

"Oh God," she growled out and banged her fist against the door. 

Quinton eased his mouth from her sex and spoke to her, though his face never left her sex. "Alissa, I have only imagined your taste, only could imagine your scent. For ten months I've imagined drinking you. I don't think I will ever get enough." 

He opened her legs further and began licking her pussy up and down. Drinking her fluids as they emptied out for him. "More Allie. Oh God baby, give me more." 

Alissa heard his words and she melted against him. Her sex throbbed and she shivered as his breath, lips, tongue and teeth made love to her. Her hand grabbed the door knob as she turned her head back and forth against the wooden barrier. She whimpered and pleaded with him to not stop and to make her come. When he impaled her with two fingers and his tongue she shook violently and came all over his features. 

Quinton's cock jerked and his come shot from his dick. He thought nothing of it, lost in the woman whom he had hungered for. He drank her nectar and begged for more. She came again for him and Quinton was there to drink his fill, though deep inside him, he knew it would never be enough. 

Alissa's knees threatened to give way as her body released its passion. "Quint," she groaned and felt him slide free of her honey home. 

"I'm here," he told her and lifted her in his arms. "I'm here baby." 

She wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him. She tasted herself for the first time from his lips. She had tried over the past several months to describe to him her taste, but it was different now that it was mingled with his tongue. It was a taste she would grow to want more of.

Quinton carried her to his bedroom. It looked just as he'd described it to her several times. A simple college senior's bedroom. A house that he shared with two other college friends and his was one of the smaller rooms. She gave it a passing glance; her eyes focused on the bed that rested against one wall. 

He lowered her to the bed and then looked at his soft, come-covered cock. "I guess I was a bit more excited than I realized." 

She smiled, but said nothing. Her eyes and her lips were his only warning to the exquisite sight that followed. 

Quinton watched her lick her way down his cock, pausing every few inches to slid the warm wet muscle to the back of his dick. Her lips pulled on the loose skin and she blew a blanket of hot breath over his softened rod. She watched it start to thicken and grow. Her eyes grew heavy with desire. 

"Alissa. I won't stay small for long, baby." 

"That's the point," 

His cock jerked, and he watched her open her lips wide and engulf his balls. "Oh God, baby." 

Her tongue constantly played with his balls, pushing them against her teeth and then along the sides of her silky cheeks. She sucked hard and then soft. Eventually she felt his fingers in her hair and she knew he was enjoying the way she washed his come from his testicle. 

She released his balls and saw how hard his cock was. She smirked and looked up at him. "It's still covered in cream," she told him. 

"Uh huh." 

She giggled at his wordless response and she grabbed his cock. Her hand started to move up and down on his member. Her tongue began to wash off the cream that had covered his pubic hairs. She nuzzled her face into his scent, bathed herself in it and then ran her tongue along the back of his hard shaft. 

"Allie . . . fuck baby," he grunted out, his fingers tangling further into her locks. 

Alissa took a deep breath; her sex was again growing hungry. Her mouth opened wide and she aimed his cock to her mouth. She covered him, taking him several inches deep and stroking his flesh with her wet tongue. 

Soon he was thrusting into her and fucking her with vigor. "Alissa. Your pussy, baby. I need it. I want to come in you now."

She released his dick and fell back on the bed. Her legs spread wide and she offered her body for his needs. 

Quinton took a deep breath, marveled at her beauty and remembered how badly he'd wanted this moment. He plunged into her and stilled while his cock welcomed every warm clench her pussy forced upon it. "Alissa," he whispered against her lips and then covered her mouth with his. 

"Quint. Don't move, not yet." 

"God baby."

"I know," she whispered. "I never thought . . . " Her words died when he captured her mouth again. 

She grabbed his hips and pushed him in deeper. Her legs wrapped around his waste and she wrapped her arms around his neck. She pulled her lips away from his and growled into his ear, "Fuck me Quinton. Fuck me just like you said you would." 

Quinton shuddered and grabbed her arms. He held them over her head with one hand and pulled his cock from her, leaving only the head before he plunged into her again. He stared into her eyes as he took his desire out on her pussy. Her eyes glazed with fire and he knew she needed all of him. "Tell me Alissa. Tell me what you want."

"Your come. Fuck Quint. I want your come." 

He plowed faster. Over and over he assaulted her pussy. "Allie . . . oh baby. You . . . Oh fuck, my God." 

She arched her back, offering her breasts for him and he took her offering. Releasing her wrists he grabbed her right tit and lifted it up. He drew it into his mouth and began to suck hard on it. He bit on the precious pearl as he claimed her for his own. She covered him and screamed out his name as he tore into her tit. "Quint! Oh God!" She thrashed on the bed and begged for him to come for her. 

He did. His spray slammed against her fleshy sides and she felt the tears of passion slide from her eyes. How long had she begged to come with him and how many times had they come together? Now though, it was real, it was happening and she shuddered at the climatic release that poured out of her. Both lay there spent. He was on top of her. Her soft, full figure, cushioned his larger frame. His eyes were clenched tight as he filled her. His heart was open and bare. Gone were the fantasies of taking her slow and easy, the first time he saw her. They had lived the hard and fast fantasy. They had two months to live out more...
