 I bought a house out in the suburbs. I liked the area I lived in because it allowed me to go out and run with worrying about traffic. After a few times of running my normal route, one afternoon I caught up with a young woman who was running as well. I started to get in step with her and asked if she minded a companion. She said she didn't mind at all. We ran a couple of miles more and then we finally ran back to the front of my house.

I found out her name was Holly. She actually lived a few houses up from my place. We were both pouring sweat so I asked her if she would like to come inside for a cool drink. I found out that Holly was in her early twenties and she still lived with her parents. I gave her a good looking over. She was tall with long brown hair that she tied back when she went out running. We entered my house and I went to the refrigerator to get a couple of bottles of water.

Holly was wet right through to her bra. I could see her nipples poking out against her shirt that she wore. I managed to find out that Holly was single and wasn't seeing anyone at the moment. I was damn horny and I wanted to hit on Holly pretty badly. I thought she was giving me the eye as well. There was only one way to find out. I put my bottle of water down and I stepped closer to Holly. She put her water down as well and we had a kiss there in the kitchen.

That one kiss led to much more. Our bodies were soon pressed together and I reached up and put a hand on her chest. Holly let out this low moan. I hoped this was going to lead to more. I told her we should go back to my bedroom. Holly didn't seem to have any problems with that. Once we got back to the bed we started to strip down. Holly had medium size breasts and her nipples were hard, probably from all that running. 

I quickly got out of my running duds and we got onto the bed. I pulled Holly close to me. Her nipples were pushing into my chest. I lowered my hand and I ran my fingers across her sweaty folds. That seemed to get Holly all hot and bothered. It wasn't long after Holly broke away and pushed me onto my back. She got in between my legs and took hold of my dick. I was half hard already when Holly lowered her head and took my shaft in her mouth. 

It had been awhile since any woman gave me head. Holly was soon bobbing up and down on my rod. I pushed my hips up as she sucked my cock all the way down to the root. I soon felt her one hand cupping my balls. Damn, did that feel good. Holly sucked on my rod for a few minutes and then she told me to raise my legs up. I felt Holly's finger probing at my ass. She slid her digit into my hole as she continued to take my dick down her throat. I tried to control myself. I didn't want to cum so soon.

Holly must have found my prostate. Her finger was massaging me and my dick was feeling the urge to let go. Holly jammed another finger inside my hole and I couldn't hold out any longer. I pushed my cock into her mouth as far as I could and I exploded. Holly's head snapped back momentarily. I could see her gulping as I spit my seed down her throat. Holly didn't lift off. She swallowed every hot wad of my cream I had down to her belly.

I have to tell you my body was shaking as she took every drop of me that she could. I know I had a full tank that day. When Holly finally pulled away, some of my white froth came dripping from her lips. 

"God, you must have been full," she said to me. 

She smiled as I tried to recover from the best head I had had in a long time. Holly got up from the bed and went into the bathroom. She had cleaned up the cum that was on her mouth when she got back.

"I really should get going, my parents and I are supposed to go out for dinner tonight."

"Maybe the next time we go running..." I tried to finish my sentence but Holly cut me off.

"I want you inside me the next time," she said to me.

That was on my mind before Holly spoke up. Holly got dressed in her running clothes. As I walked her to the door, she kissed me hard with those cum stained lips. Off went Holly. I was standing at the door naked when I saw her running down the street towards her home. She didn't leave before I got her phone number. Late that night I got a text from her.

"Ron, I want to feel you deep in my pussy after the next time we run."

My cock actually got hard reading the text from her. It looks like we might be going for that run in the next couple of days. I will keep you posted.