 As the school year was winding down, Kelsi was getting serious about where she should go to go to college. Jason had already decided to go to the local school. Their relationship was getting more serious and although she wanted to go away to college, she thought she might consider staying in town.

As she was looking through information to help weigh her options, Jason asked, "So, are you leaning any particular direction on this college thing?"

"Not really." 

The sight of her on the couch was sort of amusing to him. Her skirt was a little more than knee length and sitting on her legs as she was, it covered them completely. The particular polo shirt that she was wearing was buttoned all the way up, but it was tight enough that her large boobs strained the fabric. She had her hair pulled back with a hair clip to one side. 

She looked like a preacher's daughter or something. Jason took in her whole form. So pure, he thought. And yet, when he focused on her puffy lips he thought about what kind of girl there was underneath it all. 

He sat down beside her, put his arm around her and began to nuzzle at her neck and breath her in.

"It probably wouldn't be a bad idea to check out the local college where you're going," she said.

As she wrote a couple notes she asked, "You wouldn't have a problem if we go to the same school would you?" 

"Why would I mind that?"

She set the notepad down and they began to kiss and fondle each other. He gave her soft pecks at first. This lasted several minutes because he always assumed she wanted to maintain a pretense of being a "good girl." But every time he'd escalate, there was little resistance. She was eager even. And so it was when he slipped his tongue past her lips she received it with an audible gasp.

Jason's hand had found its way to her bra clasped an loosened it. Then, lifting her shirt he moved down to bury his face in her glorious, fat, teen boobs. He loved those big puffy nipples and asked again, "why would you think I wouldn't want you to go to the same college as me?"

"I don't know. I thought you might want to go to school and get wild and wouldn't want to have me around cramping your style."

"Why? Is that what you want to do?" he asked still buried in her cleavage. He alternated between her boobs, sucking in the insides swells while his hands pressed them together to smother his face. His thumbs teasing each nipple.

Breathing heavily she replied, "No. I'm seriously interested in the education."

"I haven't really thought about it." His hands stayed at her soft boobs, squeezing and teasing them as he sank to her stomach to plant dozens of tiny kisses. He trailed down to her legs and pushed her skirt up around her waist. Those dozens of tiny kisses now peppered the insides of her thighs.

Some soft moaning and the occasional small gasp for air accompanied her heavy breathing. 

"Of course, I don't mind if you go to the same college as me." The tiny kisses began to include a trace of tongue and gentle sucking as he made his way up her thigh, zeroing in on his target. He could smell her now. She was already wet and her virgin aroma was so fresh and intoxicating.

As he pulled her panties off and was kissing around her wet slit, he remarked, "Maybe you can have that professor show you around campus like he offered."

"Professor Huxley?" Just saying his name gave them both a bit of a stir...

"Oh, is that his name?" he asked as he resumed the kisses right at the spot where her thighs met her crotch.

"mmmmmm...Oh yeah..." She sighed.

Her moaning and heavy breathing continued until she barely managed to ask, "You don't really think he expects me to give him head do you?" 

"I didn't say he EXPECTED it. I'm just saying he probably wants it to happen though." an amused and excited Jason stated as he reached her wet center. He realized what was going through her mind and it wasn't JUST his tongue that was giving her pleasure.

"Why? Do you want to give him head?" She had fat lips below too. He stroked them with his fingers, spreading them apart as his tongue lapped inside the fold with long strokes. She forced herself against his tongue and moved her hand to the back of his head offering gentle pressure.

Her mouth was now open and the noises she was making became more vocal when Jason asked, "Have you thought about giving him head?"

Her hand's pressure on the back of his head was less gentle now, her grinding almost erratic, and he could tell she was trying to be reserved with the noises she was making, but finding it difficult.

He could also tell she was almost ready to unload on him when he asked, "Have you pictured yourself giving him head?"

"Oh...Jason...Yes...Yes..." She let loose in a flurry of total body convulsions.

He lapped and sucked at her until she came back down to earth. Then he kissed around her beautiful puffy pussy a little before getting up on his knees and then falling back into her large boobs. 

He wondered, was she saying 'yes' to his questions or was she just squealing in orgasmic bliss? He regretted having said anything, but he had gotten carried away.

"Maybe I will go see him. I don't think there's any harm if he's just showing me around the campus." She resolved.

------

A couple evenings later, Jason was on his way to see Kelsi. As he came up to her house, he saw two people on the couch on her front porch. It was dark and they were facing away from him. He was curious. As he got closer, he saw that it was Andrew sitting with Kelsi. He crept up closer to hear what was going on between them.

"Well, anyway Christina and I broke up."

"Oh. That's too bad. I'm so sorry, Andrew." She put her hand on his shoulder. With sad eyes and a pouty lip to show she felt sorry for him, she offered a hug - which of course he took her up on. They sat like that for a minute or so as she lightly caressed and scratched his back.

Then pulling away he said, "Look, I just mostly wanted to say that I felt bad because I wasn't sure how you had felt about US. We were hanging out and then I started dating Christina. I figured you might be mad at me or something. And I was too afraid to talk to you about it."

"No. No...I wasn't mad at you at all. I guess I didn't really think about where it was going between us. You were so nice to me and I liked...talking...with you and hanging out with you. But I hadn't really given any thought to the future honestly"

"I guess I'm glad to hear that." 

"We hadn't become too serious when you started dating Christina. I think that's why I wasn't mad at you or hurt by it." She told him. He only nodded.

They sat for a minute and he asked, "Are you dating anyone?"

"Well, it's...I'm not really sure. I don't know what is going to happen after Summer. Maybe it's better not to get too serious with anyone...just in case, you know. But I have a friend and he's so nice to me."

"I'll bet he is. Do you think I was nice to you?"

"Of course you were. You still are. It was nice of you to come over and make sure that I was okay with how we left it."

"So, if you're not serious with this friend of yours...I take it you haven't..."

"What?" She looked at him suspiciously.

"Are you having...sex...with him?"

"Oh my gosh...No!" She paused then shyly added in a little more than a whisper, "I'm still a virgin."

His eyes instinctively lit up a little but he tried to contain it by quickly looking away from her and said, "I didn't mean to pry. I was just curious." 

They sat quietly for a few seconds as he returned his eyes to hers added, "I still remember us in the woods by the lake. That was my favorite time together."

"Awww. You think about that? That was my first time doing anything like that." Her eyes were smiling as she looked at him.

"I could sort of tell, but only because you were nervous. You definitely figured out what to do right away. You made me feel good." Thinking for a moment he added, "So, if you're a virgin, I guess that means that's about as far as you've gone with anybody?"

"Sort of. I mean. I've done other stuff." She demured.

"Really?" He was close to her now. He wanted to kiss her. She wanted to be kissed. "Like what?" He asked doubtfully.

"This might sound weird or something." She swallowed, and confessed in a the tiniest whisper not really wanting to look at him, "But I actually like to use my mouth to make him feel good."

Andrew took in a sharp breath of air.

"Really..." he breathed out and had gulped down the knot in his throat.

"I wish you would've known you like to do that when I was your...friend." He added.

"Oh Andrew." She lightly slapped her hand to his chest where it remained. "You're still my friend. Like I said, you're so nice to me."

Jason could hear all of this and wasn't even jealous. Well maybe a little. But he was excited too.

Then she said, "I actually did sort of know. Even that time at the lake. After you made me feel so good, I wanted to make you feel good. We were kissing and I was...you know...playing with you, but I wanted to get closer to your... That's why I went down to my knees. It was there right in front of my face and all I wanted to do was put it in my mouth. I was working up the courage...and then you," she whispered, "went all over me."

She looked down as if she was embarrassed to have said it.

"Damn Kelsi...I'm still your friend?" Andrew asked.

"Yes." She said, nervously trying to look back into his eyes but shyly she looked away again.

He moved in closer, "And you don't know if it's serious with your other...friend."

"I don't know." She said, half looking into her lap

"Maybe we could still...talk...like we used to?" He placed her hand on his bulge.

She took a sudden deep breath and looked back into his eyes. "Oh Andrew. My parents are here. And...I should really...think about this." She closed her eyes and took deep breaths to regain her composure. But she hadn't yet taken her had away from his cock.

He leaned in to kiss her but she moved her head to take him into a hug instead, removing her hand from his crotch. "Maybe you should go...for now anyway."

Hesitantly, then resigned he said, "Okay" 

She pulled away and he stood up in front of her. She was still on the couch looking up at him. Then her eyes travelled downward to the bulge in his pants. She placed her hand on it and said, "You know. I don't have a lot of experience. But..." looking back up to him, "I think you might be kinda big."

He threw his head back and gave an "oof".

She took her hand away and smiled as she offered it to him so he could help her up.

She gave him a hug and a quick peck on the lips and said, "let's talk soon."

Jason waited a few minutes, while Kelsi went back to the couch and dropped down into a dreamy sprawl. When he figured Andrew was far enough away, he made his approach.

"Hey Kelsi. What are you up to?"

She sat up quickly and said, "Jason...Do you...want to go for a walk?"

"Sure. If you want."

Not far down the street there was a park. "I know a place," Kelsi said as she took Jason's hand and led him to a dark corner where they started to kiss passionately. Breaking the kiss, Kelsi put her mouth to Jason's ear, "Let me give you head" She panted. 

Then she sank to her knees and gave him the blowjob of his life. She was so eager, so consumed with lust. Hungerly she devoured him. She was sloppy. She took him deep. She worked magic with her tongue. She finished him off, swallowing every drop. 

She was still worked up and Jason laid her on the ground and slid her panties from under her skirt. He immediately began lapping at her very wet pussy. She was incredibly switched on. Jason thought, maybe this was his chance to go a little further...he lined up his cock and put it at the entrance of her virgin lips below. 

When Kelsi realized what has happening, she shot up and stopped him shouting, "No, Jason. I'm not ready!"

He forced himself to stop and then dropped down beside her, but facing her and said, "I'm sorry...I'm so sorry. I just got so worked up."

"I know. I did too."

They lay there catching their breath.

Finally, Kelsi said, "I'm sorry Jason. We might end up going separate ways this Fall and maybe it's better not to get too serious...in case."

"I understand. You're not saying we can't keep hanging out though, right?"

"Of course we can. You're so nice to me."

"And I'm still your friend?"

"Of course you are. Why wouldn't you be."

"So as long as we're friends, we can still hang out...and talk?"

"I think so..."

"I hope you don't have too many boys that are nice to you and want to be your friend."

Her head was down for a second, thinking. Then she raised just her eyes to his, looking at him from under her eyelashes. She subconsciously bit her bottom lip and said, "Not too many. Just one or two." She expected him to think she was joking. She didn't realize, he was more than okay with it.

-------

"I was thinking I'd go to campus today and see about having Professor Huxley show me around."

They were lazing about on his parents couch, her head in his lap. They didn't have school that day. But the college was still in session.

"Do you want me to come with you?" Jason asked.

She wasn't quite sure what to say.

"Um, well, I don't know. Professor Huxley offered to show me around and I'd feel a little weird about bringing someone along. Like I'm imposing or something. I already feel like I'm imposing."

"I know. I was just kidding anyway. But I'm sure you're not imposing on him if it's just you."

After a few minutes she said she was going to go get ready to go to the campus.

"Okay, well I'm just going to go shoot some hoops. Let me know how it goes okay. I want to hear all about it."

-------

Jason phoned her house later that afternoon, but she wasn't there. He stopped by in the evening but no one was home. He wasn't able to get a hold of her until late that night. When he called her she said she had just gotten in and was heading to bed.

"Oh Jason, hi"

"Hey, Kelsi...are you going to be up very long."

"No. Sorry I was just about to go to sleep. Can we talk tomorrow?"

"Sure. Do you have to work?"

"No."

"Can we maybe meet up after school?"

"Sure. See you then."

-------

She was a little nervous as they sat on the couch kissing. Jason was dying to know if she met with the professor and what she could've been up to all day yesterday.

"Did you make it over to campus then?"

"Yes," She said timidly.

Maybe if he got her worked up a little she'd start to talk. His hand started rubbing her panty covered pussy.

"How did it go? Did you like it."

"I liked...parts of it." Her breath was changing.

"Yeah? Like what?" He wanted her to just think about it, so he didn't really give her a chance to answer. He kissed her for a while continuing to work on her crotch. He slipped his hand into her panties.

"Did you meet up with the professor?"

"mmmmmm yeah...ohhhh"

"And he had time for you?"

"mmmm yes."

"Do you think that I was right about him?"

"mmmm...what do you mean...oh...yes..."

"Right about him being interested in you."

"yes...oh...yes...I think he is...oh...yes...yessss" and then she made him stop.

He looked at her confused. "I don't want you to think I'm a slut, Jason"

"Of course, I don't think that." He replied and resumed kissing her. He tried to move his hand to her crotch again but she stopped him.

"I just need to tell you that Professor Huxley..." She hesitated.

"Yeah?"

"He...well, it was like you said."

"So this older man WAS interested in a young, innocent, virgin?"

Kelsi looked at him for a moment, breathing heavily. Something was building up inside of her.

She pulled her shirt over her head, got down on her knees between his legs, took off her bra and told him, "You said the other day that...I'm not THAT innocent." Then she took his cock out of his pants and started to stroke him and kiss the head.

"Maybe HE could sense that," Jason said.

"mmmm...probably...he is older after all...and smart...and he studies literature. He said every now and then he gets to come across a girl like me."

"Oh...my...Did he use those exact words?"

"I think so. Why?"

"He said, 'every now and then I get to come across a girl like you?'"

Thinking about it she remembered, "He said, 'Kelsi, one of my greatest pleasures in life is when I come across a girl like you?'"

"ohhh shiiittt. And he was nice to you?"

"mmmmm-hmmmmm" she seemed to be in a daze as she licked the underside of his cock.

Jason could barely manage to speak, but he made out, "and he showed you around campus?"

"mmmmm-hmmmmm" She took him in her mouth and began to work up saliva by swishing her tongue and the insides of her lips around the head.

"Did you get a chance to...talk...to him...alone?"

"mmmmm-hmmmmm" She was bobbing on him now. Her tongue lapping at the underside.

"Did he try to get you to come...to his school?"

"mmmmm-hhhhmmm" She continued to bob.

"And DID he expect you to give him head?"

"mmmmm...mmmmm-hhhhhmm" She took him as far as she could and moaned around his cock.

Jason was on edge and breathing heavily. He was finally able to ask, "And did you?"

"hmmmmm?" She started to bob on him again. Jacking him him one hand and playing with his balls with the other. She was moaning and her whole body was moving with the motion of her mouth and hands.

Jason put his hand to the back of her head, not forcing her down on him but grabbing her curly hair. He wanted to talk, but it was extremely difficult. Finally he worked himself up to speech, if he could get the words out fast enough, "Did you give him head?"

"MMMMMMM...ohhhh...yes...yes...I'm sorry...I sucked him off in his office...he came all over my tits...I'm so sorry" She pulled off of him and sat back on her heels.

But she had no reason to be sorry. Jason was sent over the edge. He stood before her, grabbed his cock, and jacked HIS load all over her face and tits.

As they laid there, Kelsi was worried. Jason didn't quite know how to handle this situation. He was really turned on, but didn't necessarily want her to know that. Finally he said, "I know we're not serious. I'm not mad at you for what you did with Professor Huxley. I think I just need time to think about it."

"I understand. I'm...sorry"

Jason knew she wasn't sorry about doing it, just sorry that it might have hurt his feelings. And that was fine with him.