 It was another boring day in my college Social Studies class. The teacher didn’t know anything and as always we had to watch a movie to learn something. The movies were always boring and I highly doubted this one was going to be any different. The only thing that made this class interesting in the least bit was the girl who sat next to me; Sammy.

She was gorgeous. Long blonde hair, blue eyes, tall, nice legs, big butt, nice tits and oh god…a tongue ring. To top it off, she was the first girl I ever knew that had sex and I had heard many a story of her sexual encounters. Oh how I wished I could be in one of them.

She looked especially hot today. She was wearing a short black miniskirt and a tight white tank-top. I couldn’t help but stare at her gorgeous curves.

The movie started and as usual I started to drift asleep. Whenever I slept, or pretended I was sleeping, I would sprawl out and try and get some footsies going with Sammy. She would put her feet against mine and I was always quite sure she knew what she was doing but she never acknowledged it. Being 19 I thought I was a little old for these childish flirtings, but it never seemed to bother my same age classmate.

“Johnnie, Johnnie, wake-up. Class is over.” I snapped to and saw Sammy’s gorgeous face looking at me. She had her hand on my shoulder. “You must have been dreaming.” Her eyes darted down to my crotch. I was stiff as a board. I shifted to try and cover up but there wasn’t really anything I could do. “What’s more interesting,” she said “is that you whispered my name a few times. I’ve always knew you liked to flirt with me, but I never would think you were interested on another level.”

“Well, you’re gorgeous. I can’t help it!” I had always been pretty quick with the lines with girls.

“Haha, you’re too much. What’re you doing today? Do you want to come to my place and watch a movie?” It wouldn’t be the first time I’ve been to her house, but it would be the first time I’d been there solo.

“For sure! I wouldn’t miss it for the world!” I replied quickly.

“Let’s go, I’ll drive.”

About ten minutes later we got to her house. We kicked off our shoes and went upstairs, nothing was mentioned about my dreams on the whole way over so I thought we might end up just watching a movie. We went upstairs to her room because her brother was watching TV downstairs.

“This sucks, well we can lay on my bed and watch a movie in here at least” she said. I didn’t object. I laid on her bed and watched her bend over and pick out a movie. Boy did I want to tap that ass! It was so perfect and round.

Without turning around she looked back at me and said “Ooh! I’ve got a great movie. You’ll love it!” She popped it into the VCR and hopped onto the bed with me. 

The movie started, and holy shit was I surprised. It was a porno! She put a porno on for us to watch! 

“There is just something about watching sex that drives me crazy. Makes me so horny!” she said. I couldn’t believe what was going on. I was really turned on to be honest.

She got up from the bed and went over to the light switch. “Movies are better in the dark.” She flipped off the lights and locked her door. “Would you like to do that to me, Johnnie? Fuck me hard and make me cum? And then let me suck your dick and swallow every drop?”

“Without a doubt” I managed to get out. She didn’t hesitate. She pulled off her shirt revealing a beautiful white bra. The TV provided just enough light for me to see her pretty clearly. She reached behind her back and unclasped her bra, dropping it to the floor. Her wonderful tits popped free and I was in awe. I wanted to suck them and squeeze them and nibble them; they were beautiful.

She crawled back to the bed and poised herself overtop of me. She leaned down and kissed me ferociously. I could feel her tongue probe my mouth and I kissed back just as wildly. I ran my hands down her back and down onto her ass. She broke the kiss only to pull off my shirt and throw it on the floor. She kissed from my lips down to my belly button and then looked up at me. I nodded. She undid my pants and pulled them down and threw them onto my shirt. She bit the waistband of my boxers and yanked them off with her teeth. I had never seen anything so sexy. By this time I was fully erect and it didn’t take any encouraging to get me ready. She looked at me and licked her lips. Without delay she plunged down onto my dick with her red lips. She took all 8 inches of me in with one go. She started to bob her head up and down and suck and lick. It was amazing. She started to stroke my shaft and play with my balls while she sucked. I was going insane. I grabbed the back of her head and forced my dick all the way to the back of her throat and let go. My cum spurted into her throat. She continued to suck and swallowed every drop and licked me clean.

“Now it’s your turn” I said. I flipped her over onto her back and kissed her again. I licked down to her left tit and began to circle her nipple. After a bit of moaning she forced my lips onto her nipple. I nibbled at her and then licked my way over to her other nipple and nibbled some more. Then I followed her lead and licked down to her belly button, but I left her skirt on. I flipped it up and pulled her panties off with my teeth. I threw the white thong on the ground. Her pussy was beautiful. It was freshly shaved and I didn’t hesitate before I plunged head first into her folds. I flitted my tongue into her pussy and licked her clit. She was going insane. She squeezed my head between her thighs so tightly I thought I might suffocate. She was almost screaming. I continued to probe her with my tongue. “Fuck Johnnie. Yes! YES! FUCK YEAH! FUCKING LICK MY PUSSY!” she screamed at me. I knew she was close. And with one more nibble on her clit she climaxed. I took my face away and started to bang her while I kissed her. She seemed to enjoy the taste of her own pussy.

“I want to feel your big cock in my pussy” she said. She rolled on top of me and positioned herself over my now hard and ready dick. I could feel the fabric of her skirt on my stomach and legs. She put her hands on my chest for support and slowly slid her wet cunt onto my cock. She was surprisingly tight for having just climaxed. She started to rock up and down on my dick and I started to thrust up to meet her. I reached up and started to play with her beautiful big tits. She fucked harder and faster until we were going at it as fast as we could. She was biting her lip not to scream out and I was grunting and moaning the whole time too. I slid my hand down her back and lifted the back of her skirt up. She stared puzzled into my eyes and I smiled reassuringly. She never missed a beat in our fuck. I started to rub my finger between her ass cheeks. She looked at me again, she knew what I was planning and didn’t object, she just kept fucking my dick. I could tell she was getting close to another orgasm so I slid my finger into her asshole. She screamed out and came again. I could feel her juices all over my dick and her pussy contracted and tightened every time she spurted.

Without hesitating I flipped her onto her back and then rolled her over onto her knees. I flipped up her skirt and stuck my dick in her pussy again and fucked her from behind some more. Her ass was fucking amazing and she was a great doggy fuck. Everytime I pounded into her cunt her tits bounced forward and smacked against her. The sex noises in the room was so loud her brother must have heard it but we didn’t care. I grabbed her ass cheeks and spread them and spat on her asshole. She yelped but kept fucking. I fingered her ass again and then pulled my dick out.

“I’ve wanted this since I met you, Sammy.”

With that I started to push my dick into her ass. It was so tight and she was almost crying in pain. I got about halfway and then started to thrust a little. I had to work her ass some more before we could really get going. After a few soft strokes she started to loosen up and I stuck my dick all the way into her ass. She screamed and then reached between her legs and began rubbing her clit. I knew she would like it. I started to fuck a little bit faster gradually until we were fucking at full speed again. She was going insane.

“Johnnie! FUCK MY ASS! FUCK IT! Oh fuck I can’t believe you’re fucking me in the ass. It hurts so good. Keep fucking me. Fuck me harder!”

I was getting pretty close to cumming so I started to fuck as fast as I physically could. I could feel my balls start to tighten. She screamed out and orgasmed again. She had pussy juice running down her legs and her skirt was soaked in cunt juice. I fucked her harder and faster in her tight warm ass.

“Johnnie. Fuck. I want you to cum on my face. I want to feel your jizz all over my face and tits.”

I wasn’t about to deny this beautiful women what she wanted so with that I pulled out and flipped her over. Just in time too, I let one spurt go and it landed right on her face. She started to lick her lips. The second and third spurts hit their mark too, right on her cheek and forehead. Then I rubbed my dick on her tits and wiped the rest of my jizz onto her nipples. She rubbed the cum all over her tits and licked her lips.

“Like I said, I love porno movies. Look over there.” She pointed to her shelf and there was a video camera sitting there with the record light on. I was a bit shocked but was in too much ecstasy to really care. “This movie was so good I just may have to make a sequel.”