 You got to the theatre early for a change, but when you got here the rain was pouring buckets, flooding the parking lot and soaking everyone. You waited a bit for the rain to let up before walking across the parking lot, but as soon as you walked away from your car it started storming even harder. You ran as fast as you could through the rain, but came into the theatre lobby drenched from head to toe, your thin T-shirt and bra almost transparent...

You run up to me, your nipples showing clearly through your clothes. Out of breath, you say "Jeff, you've got to help me! Is the costume room open? I can't go to rehearsal like this!"

I look down the hall, see the open door, and point you towards the costume shop and prop room. Grabbing my arm, before I can even answer, you say "Come on, I need your help!" My head spinning, my manhood starting to swell at the sight of you so naked in your clothes, I follow.

Once in the costume shop, you close the door behind us. You start looking through the medieval costumes for some reason, while I go straight to the street clothes and pulled out a clean, dry T-shirt for you to wear and handed it to you. You hold it in front of you, crossing your arms under your breasts and lifting up your breasts. Your nipples instantly grow hard, and my eyes are drawn to them against my will. Before I can even draw a breath, you're inches away from me...your head leaning in towards my ear, whispering "You like what you see?"

My breath catches in my throat, and my heart races as you move in closer, holding me tight and pressing your mouth against mine. Our tongues explore each others' mouths, our bodies enmeshed as our hands frantically explore each others' bodies. Our combined body heat causes the water in your clothes to start steaming, and I rush to strip off your soaked T-shirt. My mouth hungrily envelops your breast, and I suck and nibble on your nipple as you squirm and moan.

Together, our hands still roaming over asses and breasts, we fall onto a couch. You crawl onto my lap, our mouths joining again for a passionate kiss as you grope at my shirt and pull it up. Parting mouths unwillingly, my shirt is gone and then we kiss again. You nibble at bottom lip, and then lick your way down my neck, my chest, teasing my nipple as you lick lower. You crawl to the floor, still kissing and licking my stomach as your hands scramble to unfasten my jeans and release my throbbing cock.

Your hands softly tease my cock as it grows harder, your mouth hovering over the head and your tongue slowly moving down to lick the precum from me. Your tongue grazes against my cockhead, then slides down and around my throbbing shaft as you tease me. My hands tangle in your hair, trying to guide your mouth fully over my cock. After what seems like an eternity, you slip my hard shaft into your mouth, taking almost my entire manhood as your tongue wraps and slides around me. Your hands glide up my stomach to tease my nipples as you slowly devour and then release my cock. As you start to bob your head up and down faster, your lips rubbing deliciously against my cock, I feel my balls tighten and I know it won't be long before I cum.

Reluctantly, I pull your mouth off my cock, and pull you back onto the couch. I kneel down on the floor, and begin licking your inner thigh as my hands roam your body. My tongue draws circles on your skin as I move in closer and closer to your pussy, teasing you relentlessly. You moan and beg me to lick your clit, but I keep skirting around it. Finally, after a moment or two of torture, I flick my tongue quickly across your clit and smile to myself as you groan loudly and arch your back. Your hips thrust up to try getting my tongue back on you, but I resist at first. You finally moan out "Please" and I drive my tongue hard against your clit again. I alternate between licking your hot pussy and flipping the end of my tongue against your nubby clit, and your moans grow louder and more insistent. Your pussy gets hotter and wetter, and begins trying to suck my tongue in as I lick you. I take your clit gently between my teeth, sucking on it as my tongue flicks back and forth across it.

Moaning loudly, you press your hips against my face as I keep licking and nibbling on your clit. I suck harder and lick faster against your clit as you get more excited, your breasts and cheeks flushed with your arousal. I reach up and pinch your nipples as my tongue continues to draw your pleasure higher and higher. You squeal in pleasure as the pressure rises, your juices flowing freely out of your pussy. You begin to moan "Oh god, please fuck me" as I lick and suck harder and faster. Finally, you scream out "I'm cuumming!" and life your ass high off the couch as I lap up all of your juices and tickle your clit with my tongue. My mouth devours you until you're squirming and begging me to put my cock inside you.

I stand up, pulling you up off the couch. Turning you around, I bend you over the couch as I slip my throbbing cock slowly between your pussy lips. You sigh as you feel the hardness finally enter you, and try pushing your ass back against me to speed me up. Ever teasing, I back out until only the head of my cock is still in your sucking pussy and you're begging me to fill you again. Slowly, I glide my cock all the way into your hungry pussy and hold it inside you for a moment. Then I pull out again and push hard back into you. Your voice cries out "Take me! Take me hard and fast!" as I begin ramming my cock in and out of your clutching snatch. You scream incoherently as another climax wracks your body and I fuck you harder and faster. I keep stroking in and out of you while you come down from the high, and then pull completely out and sit on the couch, guiding you down onto my lap.

Facing me, you straddle my legs and guide my cock back inside you. Now I let you take control, and you ride me like there's no tomorrow. Your hips thrust up and down against my legs, my hard cock gripped tightly like a vise inside your still-demanding pussy. I can feel your pussy contracting around me even after you stop cumming, and I moan loudly as you speed yourself up trying to get me off. I take first one of your tits, and then the other, into my mouth and suck hard on your nipples. Your moans grow even louder, and more insistent. As I lick and suck your tits, you bend your head towards my neck and start suckling. I moan into your breasts at the sensation, and my balls begin to tighten again.

Sensing my excitement, you begin to ride me faster and harder, still suckling hard at my neck. The sensations flood my body, and drive me closer and closer to the edge. Now I'm the one moaning and babbling incoherently, between nibbling and licking your breasts, as you drive your body up and down on my throbbing cock. I feel the cum bubbling up inside me as you cum a third time, your pussy gripping me tightly as it vibrates around me. My senses leave me, and I grunt loudly as my climax finally hits me and my cock explodes into your waiting pussy. You grind your hips into mine as your pussy milks every last drop from me and I lay gasping beneath you. Finally, you collapse against me and I wrap my arms around you, holding you tight against me while my cock finally begins to go limp in your still-sucking pussy.

After a few moments, you stand up and start to get dressed. Smirking at me, you wink and say "Thanks for the help. See you in rehearsal?"