 "Morning David, how are you?"

"Fine thanks, and you?"

"Really good, beautiful morning."

This brief exchange takes place as we approach each other across her gravel drive. 

I'd initially been Debbie's twice a week handyman and gardener for two years at her large 18th century country house before she'd moved into this rented house a year ago. Since then I'd been her handyman as and when required. A purely work related relationship. 

A couple of minutes earlier I'd pulled through the gates onto the enclosed drive that stretched across the front of the house, as usual she'd heard me pull in and had walked out to meet me. 

Unusually for her she wasn't in her normal attire of jeans and tee-shirt but looked very business-like in a gunmetal grey silk blouse, dark grey calf length skirt and shiny black patent leather boots, she also looked a good deal taller than her 5' 2"; I glanced down at her feet and sure enough her boots had very high stiletto heels, 4" at least, and the way she was walking said that this wasn't the first time that she'd worn them, also, her lipstick was a deep red: a real departure from her usual lip balm: now this really wasn't the Debbie that I knew.

As we met midway between my van and the house I said, "Looking good Debbie"

She smiled, "Thank you, I'm afraid I have a meeting in town this afternoon so I'm going to have to leave you to it a bit later."

"No problem, let's see what you've got for me."

I didn't realise that this could be taken a number of ways until she looked me in the eye in a rather questioning way, I didn't know what to say so just stood, after a few seconds she seemed to decide that I hadn't meant anything by it and turned towards the house.

I followed on a couple of feet behind but couldn't help but watch her bum as she walked; I'd always quite fancied her in her tight jeans and tee-shirt but those stilettos seemed to make her bum sway even more than usual and she was obviously quite comfortable walking in them, even on the gravel.

Mmmmmm, I started to imagine putting my hand on that bum.

She suddenly stopped and turned.

In that instant I realised that I had actually spoken aloud!

"Fuck!"

And I almost walked straight into her. "Shit, sorry Debbie!"

She doesn't say a word, doesn't step back, just looks straight up at me. Then, without warning, she reaches up with both hands, pulls my head down, and kisses me on the mouth. The move is a complete surprise, I'd expected a rebuke, not this. I almost pulled back but managed to withhold the automatic response. 

Instead, I kiss her back, her lips are full, soft, warm and taste of lipstick.

Her lips part and her tongue slips through, probes my mouth.

I tentatively put my hands on her hips. Her tongue pushes between my lips. I run my hands around her back, pull her against me. Her tongue flicks across my teeth, explores my lips. My hands roam her back, feel her warm skin through her blouse. She pulls my head harder, pushes between my teeth and finds my tongue. My hands slide down her back, cross her waistband down onto her bum, squeeze her buttocks, pull her against my groin, against my already hardening cock. She groans into my mouth, pushes herself against me, rubs her stomach against me.

I reach further down, slide my hands under her buttocks, lift her, she opens her legs, wraps them round my waist.

I support her weight and start to walk towards the house. She still has hold of my head, is still kissing me, our lips are still locked together, her tongue is still fighting with mine.

I know exactly where I'm going, into the kitchen diner then left into the snug. Walk round the coffee table and stop in front of the sofa.

Slowly lowering myself to my knees I lean forward to drop Debbie onto her back, as I do so she finally let's go of my head and grips my shoulders; she also uncrosses her ankles. This has the effect of freeing her skirt and, as she lets go and drops, it falls down around her hips revealing.......

.....skin hugging boots that go all the way up to her mid thigh and, peaking out of their tops and reaching another couple of inches up her thighs, are black stockings with matching suspender straps that disappear under her skirt.

I stop dead and gaze at her legs, wow! This was as far beyond the Debbie that I thought I knew as it could get. But then, here I am, kneeling between her legs and, I hope, about to fuck her, that was pretty far out there too! 

So is that look on her face: her cheeks are flushed, eyes hooded and unfocused, her mouth is slightly parted and she is panting; she looks very aroused, very sexual. 

She is laid on her back, bum perched on the edge of the sofa, arms out to the sides with her booted feet now on the floor. Her blouse is now looking a little rumpled and her skirt is bunched up around her hips, she looks like sex in boots and I'm kneeling between its knees.

After what seems like an age but in reality is only seconds, I snap out of my trance, pull my tee-shirt over my head and throw it to the side.

Placing my hands on her knees I can't help but think how erotic the leather feels; I slide my hands up, over her stockings onto her skin. She doesn't move, just watches my face from under her lowered eyelids. 

My hands keep moving, push under her skirt, take hold of her knickers and start to ease them from under her bum, she pushes down with her feet and I pull them to the tops of her boots, take hold of her ankles and lift them onto my shoulders, a stilettoed foot either side of my head, leather against my cheeks, her black lace french-knickers stretched between her legs. 

Again looking into her eyes I inch my head forward, a strong smell of arousal and leather, press my nose and mouth into the damp fabric of her knickers. A quick glance at her pussy, it is shaven to a thin strip of hair that stretches up just a few centimetres. I bite into her knickers, pull them towards her feet, reach her ankles, let go of them and use my hand to slip them off her feet.

Eyes fixed on the junction between her thighs I slide my head back down her thighs, sides of my face rubbing down the soft leather past her knees, feel her heels drop onto my back, brush over the lace tops of her stockings then the soft milky skin of her inner thighs. Nose touches that narrow strip of hair, draw her smell in through my nose. Push her thighs back tilting her bum towards me. Press my tongue flat against her pussy, push in and very slowly lick up the length of her, she pushes herself against my face as the stiffened surface of my tongue drags up. The tip, dragging up her inner lips, reaches her clit and flicks hard across it.

She gasps, grabs my head and jambs my face into her body as she shudders and groans through a small shivering orgasm.

As her hold on my head begins to relax I straighten and, with one hand across her knees I hold her legs in place, with the other I undo my shorts belt, button and zip and push them and my boxers down. My bone hard cock slaps against her bum, I take hold of it and rub the tip up and down, across her arse and pussy, push it between her thighs, the soft heat of her skin against the burning hardness of mine. Pull back and push forward. She looks down, reaches with the fingertips of one hand and strokes the silky skin of my cock-head, gathers a clear drop of pre-cum on one finger, puts it to the very tip of her tongue, delicately tastes it, takes all of it into her mouth, closes her eyes and seems to savor it. Reaches again and takes another drop, licks it, rubs it along her lips. I watch her.

I look down her legs at my cock.

I pull out from between her thighs. Once again rub the tip up and down her slit; can feel her puffy outer lips, they're wet, soaked with her juices, they coat the tip of my cock; I press forward half an inch, her outer lips part, rub against the soft wet flesh, find her entrance, another half inch;

And my cock sinks into her. Her eyes snap open, a hiss of breath taken through her teeth. She arches her back, her head presses into the sofa, both hands gripping the cushions. 

I push forward, her thighs begin to tremble, her mouth opens, a gasp of breath.

Her back relaxes, she sinks back into the sofa.

I pull back and, just as I'm about to slip out, I push back in, a little further this time. Pull back, push forward; this time I don't stop, a long slide all the way in, my hips pressed up against her buttocks, squeeze up against her, push in as far as I can go. Grind up against her bum, short tight thrusts, shift the angle inside the swollen walls of her pussy, try and rub against the sensitive spots. Her thighs trembling again, back arching again, pulling the cushions in against her sides. Feel the leather of her boots against my chest, squeezing my face, her suspender straps against my hips. Start to slowly fuck her; long deep thrusts with a little grind each time my hips press against her. 

Her head is pressed back and she is panting through her open mouth, her body shivering each time I thrust into her. The exquisite feel of her pussy around my flesh; the hard ridges along the top wall rubbing along my sensitive cock-head, the soft muscled bumps massaging my shaft, all the sensations contrive to tip me over the edge, to tempt me into pounding into her, to take my pleasure and pump my cum into her.

But not yet. 

Not until I'd savoured every minute of fucking this boot clad, stocking clad, suspender clad woman. I look down the expanse of black leather and lace at my cock as it once more buries itself in her body and I groan, groan out loud as once again the sensations threaten to overwhelm me.

I close my eyes and try to concentrate on not cumming but this only seems to increase the awareness of my senses; the smell of warm leather and hot sex, the sound of my cock sliding in and out of her wet pussy, the feel of her boots against my face and body, the lace of her stockings each time I press against her thighs, the feeling of her arse against my balls, her juices soaking my balls and upper thighs, the hot liquid grip around the shaft of my cock and the extremely sensitive skin of my glans as it rubs against the walls of her pussy.

Her panting breath is changing, becoming imperceptible moans and cries, barely above a whisper but the more I plunge my cock into her the louder they get. Her hands reach out and touch my hips, urging me on, the telltale tingling starts to build behind my balls.

Responding to the overpowering sensations and her urging, my pace increases; hips slapping against her bum, cock pounding into her. 

I grit my teeth as I hold off for a few more seconds.

Debbie starts to gasp, her eyes squeeze tight shut, arms flung out to the side fingers splayed wide, I can feel her insides clench:

"ohyesohyesohyes"

With one more pounding thrust the tingling explodes; with my balls crushed against her bum I feel long jets of cum pulse again and again, I pull back and smack into her, another pulse, give her everything I can, but pretty quickly, as my orgasm ripples through my body, my hard, pounding thrusts deteriorate into short slow unsteady movements until I stop, pressed up hard against her; rasping breath, head down, eyes tight closed as I savour what has just happened.

Then, her body begins to relax, her face too, a long sigh from her as my own orgasm also diminishes with a shiver. I release my grip on her legs, ease them down off my shoulders, her feet down to the floor. I slump back and my cock slips from her. A few moments on my knees before I shuffle round and, still breathing hard, I drop onto the sofa beside her as she pushes herself up into a more comfortable position. 

After a few minutes of getting our breaths back:

"Well David, I don't think that was in your diary for this morning"

I look down her length; her shuffling up had made her skirt cover the tops of her thighs but her stockings and boots were still on full display. 

I laughed "No but then catching you in 'fuck me' boots and stockings wasn't either!"

She returned the laugh "I don't suppose it was but I'm soooo glad that you did"

"Really?"

"Oh yes"

I looked at her and she looked at me, and we both grinned.