 He was just working away, no real rush to it, putting boxes on shelves. The only one working in this area of the warehouse, he had his earbuds in with tunes blazing; so when she put her hands on his shoulders he jumped about 6 feet in the air. It was worth almost having a heart attack to hear her laugh and see those gorgeous dimples. "Better call maintenance about that hole in the roof" she giggled, "anyway back to work". She saunters off before even letting him get a word in, but for him the view makes up for it.

They had worked together for almost three years but it was only recently the banter had begun between them. He had always thought she looked great though. Chuckling to himself, she is amazing. She has all the right curves that his hands itch to touch. Those deep eyes that draw in your soul and trap it away. She had the sexy curve of her neck that made his mouth water. It wasn't all rosy glow romance though, he also wanted his mouth wandering over her ample breasts until it latched onto her nipples. He wanted to run his hands up her thighs inside and out only stopping to grab hold of both sides of her ass. Now he was determined, in their next encounter he was going to come out on top.

He stopped working and looked towards the door, hearing someone coming up the stairs and waiting to see who his visitor was. Then as the door opens and his heart skips, his pants tighten and heaven answers his prayers. The angel before him will be beaten this time. But as she comes up to him with a smile and asks "Have you got any chia? I'm all out" all his brain supplies is "uh yeah". His internal voice jumps into overdrive, uh yeah? Uh yeah? You idiot, why not just look at her and drool saying tits! Smooth, real smooth. Leading her to the shelf he manages to ask " how much do you need?" She responds by bending forward right in front of him, stretching her pants tight against her glorious ass. He can't help but stare, like some simpleton, jaw slightly open he scans her cheeks for panty lines. It's not until his eyes roam closer to the top he notices she's wearing a g-string. At this point his brain, already made of jelly, completely melts. "I'll take the whole thing" she comments with a smirk, standing back up she looks entirely too pleased with herself. "Thanks for giving me what I need" and with that once more she's gone.

He feels like the biggest idiot ever. How does she do this? He is normally the smooth charmer, or at least able to form sentences. In frustration, he decides to fix the issue. Flicking her a text.

"Do you truly enjoy torturing me?"

Waiting for a reply he just thinks what have I done. The messenger chime sounds,

"It's so cute. You're just adorable."

"You short circuit me, when you're here my brain spouts nice tits. When you're gone I can think clearer and I realize it's amazing the way your breasts rise and fall with your breath and it makes me catch mine."

"Aww see, you are such a sweetie. I have no idea why but thanks."

"You have no idea? Dear god woman you are so damn hot. If I'm being honest I'd give anything to see more of you and it'd be worth the brain aneurysm. I can't control it I just go into melt down."

"It's so sweet watching you get all confused. I'm a really open book, you can ask anything you like."

He stops to think this one over. The first thought he has is "SEND NUDES!" But he squashes it, if he pushes for what he wants with her it'd probably send her running. He starts easier. "Do you always wear a g-string to work?"

"Mostly, I have come in with no panties on before. It was a strange experience."

Ok... so now he'd be staring right at that ass every time. Not that he didn't now but just damn. Ok let's see how this goes "Got any tattoos?"

"Nope, blank canvas"

Damn. He'd hoped there was something, mostly just so he could ask for a photo of it and see more skin. Now he just pictured all her soft, smooth skin completely clear and available for his touch. Ok one more step "Shave, wax or wild?" He closed his eyes to wait for the response.

"Waxed. Sometimes I shave because I'm too impatient to wait for regrowth."

That was it, he was done. He couldn't message back because his mind had disappeared into thoughts of her smooth velvet clef. Imagining the lips glistening and parting as she spread her legs for him, right before he locked his mouth onto her. She pulled him from the fantasy by texting again.

"Is there anything else you want from me?"

Yes, yes! I want it all, I want you totally naked before me, I want my hands on every part of your body, I want yours all over mine! But he pussies out. He's probably reading everything wrong and going way too far. So he goes half way. "There is something but I shouldn't, so instead what's your favorite position?"

"Up against a wall, or sitting on a bench or washing machine or something is great."

Every time she answers all he wants is to do is do those things for her, to her. His breathing is fast and his face hot. Yes, it's bad. "Against the wall, facing or away?"

"Face to face is best. Hey guess what it's home time!"

Damn he thinks, there she goes, the moment is over. 

She plays on his mind constantly, after a while he needs to text her again.

"What are you up to at home?"

"Going to bed" Well that was perfect, if only he were between the sheets with her.

"So jealous, wish I were going to bed." He kept checking back but got no reply so he figured she had gone to sleep. After a while a reply came.

"Actually, just had a shower" And that was it, his shyness on text dissolved and he went for it.

"God, you must look amazing, I can just see the light glistening off all your curves as you step out."

"I really look like a drowned rat, but I'm glad you have such nice opinions about me." WHAT! How could this goddess of a woman not see it? She was everything a woman should be and so heart stoppingly beautiful how could she not know that?

"You are perfect. The question I didn't have the balls to ask earlier was a simple one. Show me?"

"Show you what?" She asked back. Oh no, he had probably gone too far. There was no turning back though.

"Anything, Everything. I want to see you, the curve of your breasts, the color of your nipples, your thighs, that ass, your eyes and the gorgeous dimples in your smile. If I got to see even the smallest part of you I would count myself the luckiest man alive and it'd be way more than I deserve." Ooooh boy it really was done now. Did he just say that? He checks the screen, yup totally sent and read. Dear lord the wait.

"You definitely have a way with words. It's amusing you don't come off this way in person." She was still there? She hadn't blocked him and run for the hills? He was in full shock.

"I don't understand it. You just shut my brain off." He replied with hope.

"Hang on, I'll send you something." The options of what was coming flickered in his mind at a million miles an hour. What was she sending? It couldn't be? But he couldn't help but hope.

"Don't get too excited, it's nothing dirty." Of course it wasn't, why had he even thought she would? But then the picture flashed on his screen captioned "My necklace" And it was better than a completely topless shot. He could see the necklace but was solely captivated by the slender curve of her neck. Her jawline barely visible in screen and wisps of her beautiful dark locks showing behind her. Some slight cleavage showing at the bottom of frame hinting at wonders unseen, but center screen where that gorgeous neck joined her shoulder was where his mouth ached to be.

The next day all he wanted was her, work be damned he just wanted to chat with her, to see her. But a truck was coming in and it needed to be unloaded. Sitting on the forklift waiting for the truck to reverse in suddenly she was there, he tried hard to keep from grinning but failed. She was coming over, she bumped up against his side, "Hey" was all she said. What was this power she had over him? As the other guys ran forward to open the truck doors he looked at her without worrying if anyone saw and found himself confronted by her gaze. Locked onto her eyes he is completely mesmerized, then she bites half her lower lip and gives his leg a squeeze just above the knee while never breaking eye contact. Then with that sweet dimpled smile she walks away, leaving him to try and unload a truck with his brain absent and his dick hard. 

"You are going to make me drive the fork into a wall." He texted her once the truck was gone. 

"It was so sweet the way you did a little double take and smiled at me, made me feel so special I had to give you something back."

"Next time you'd better watch yourself woman", he really hoped he could maintain some form of brain function next time.

"You're on 😜" was all he got back and for now his brain was doing overtime running through the what ifs.

Crunch time. The text came through, "finished my shift, omw to say hi". "Shit" he thought, better have the game plan in mind before she gets here and derails my mind again. Then she is suddenly there, looking amazing as ever. "So I'm here" she says with that cheeky dimpled grin and a mischievous twinkle in her eyes, "am I in trouble now then?" He doesn't trust talking, he closes the small gap between them in one stride. He raises his hand, the back of his knuckles grazing her chin then his open palm resting on the crook of her neck. He keeps his thumb gently brushing her jaw line and leans in. Slowly pulling her towards him as he does, when his lips are bare millimeters away from hers he whispers "definitely". As her lips open to receive his he tilts his head and swoops to the other side of her neck. Starting at the shoulder he kisses her skin with the barest touch, working his way up her neck and along her jaw, finally trapping her bottom lip between his and giving a slight nip.

A shiver runs through her body and suddenly her hand is in his hair pulling him into a kiss to melt his soul. He cannot believe her tongue, it is everywhere leaving his mouth tingling in it's wake. Keeping the kiss going he begins to explore, hands roving all over her body, over her shoulders and down her arms then back up again. He starts down her back skirting around her ass to caress her hips and run up her sides. Both of them catching their breath slightly as he glides over the sides of her breasts. She rotates her shoulders so his hands touch more of them, then presses forward with a groan as his palms pass over her nipples and he firmly grips as much soft breast as he can. He wishes for bigger hands, more hands and curses clothes and other people. In privacy he would have stripped her down right now, he needed to see this goddess in all her glory. Hands slipping around behind her over the back of her pants, he confirms that she is indeed wearing a g-string as his hands grip her ass.

Her hands repeat his movements, sending bolts of electricity through him with their touch. He couldn't have imagined how amazing this would be, until the noise blared from his pocket. Pulling out his phone it's the warehouse manager, "Hey what's up?" He answers. He is totally deflated. "I have to go help him out."

"It's alright," she says. "I'd better get home so I can shower and get to bed again, maybe I'll let you know how that goes." Once again she leaves him totally flustered, but this was a type of torture he could really enjoy.