 I am here to tell you she loved to suck cock! Her name was Annie and I'd meant her and her husband thru other friends. They would stop by for a beer or two and a smoke. The more we got to know them the more I liked Annie. She was quite pretty I guess you would describe her as tall and willowy. She had light brown hair, greenish gray eyes, long legs and small pert breasts.

Her old man was shorter than Annie black hair and as far as I am concerned not much, but to each his own or her own. Besides this is not about Mac it's about Annie and how I learned she loved to suck cock more than anything.

Like I said as we became closer friends it just so happened that her husband Mac ended up having to go to jail for something, traffic tickets if I remember right. He ended up having to do like 90 days. After he went in Annie seemed to almost live at our place and as we now had her to ourselves my mind went off on how to get Annie into our bed. She began to open up about herself more. She told us how when she was in high school she started giving blowjobs so guys would date her. As she would talk about it you could see the gleam in her eyes. 

She would always claim that as she grew older she got to be very good at giving the boys head. Now I am a man and after listening to a young lady tell of her prowess night after night and not really having to try to get more and more details from her. To say the least I wished I could find out just how good she really was and more and more began to wonder if it was just her being lonely that lead to her talks or something else.

One night she called asking if I could come over because she needed a hand with a drain that was plugged. I told my wife and she said I should go over and help her out. But that she couldn't come and I should be careful and not let Annie take advantage of me. We laughed then I thru some tools in a bag and jumped in my truck. I drove over to Annie's and parked out front in her driveway. I walked up to the door and knocked. Annie came to the door with a big smile thanking me and saying what a great friend I was and she didn't know what she would have done if I hadn't been there to help her and how she didn't know what she could ever do to thank me. Yea right! 

She showed me to the sink in the kitchen that was full of water with no stopper in the drain; I dug out my plumber's helper figuring it would dislodge the clog. When this didn't work I realized I would have to remove the drain pipe under the sink. So down I went after getting a bucket to catch the mess in, I loosened the trap from the sink and wiggled it off catching the water and muck in the bucket. Now as I'm lying on the floor I look up from under the sink where I am laying Annie is standing right there so I can see right up her skirt to her naked pussy. Annie was a natural chick which means she didn't shave her legs armpits or as I could see from my view her bush all nice and light brown fuzz. I just laid there looking at Annie's fine pussy acting like I was still working under the sink until she looked down from the edge of the sink at me and caught me just looking up her skirt. 

I said "I really like the view from here." Looking right at her cunt, "I bet it tastes as good as it looks." I had already felt my cock growing in my pants as I'd continued to look up Annie's skirt to my surprise she didn't move away she just smiled widened her stance and answered "You do seem to be enjoying it from what I see." looking down at the bulge in my pants.

"Yes I am but I'm afraid this won't get this fixed." I said holding the trap in my hand "if I keep looking at you." I pulled my eyes away from Annie and back to the job at hand. There was the usual hair grease and gunk clogging the pipe which I got free and dumped in the bucket then after replacing the trap I got up off the floor Annie had left the kitchen. I started the water to see if it would drain, it did, job done. I picked up my stuff and was washing my hands in the sink when Annie came back into the room. As I turned around she had undressed and was now standing naked before me in her kitchen. "The least I can do is let you really see all me for all you've done for me tonight." She said as she slowly turned around before me. This wasn't the first time I had seen Annie naked we had been hot tubing at our place many nights. But it was the first time I was offered to just openly look at her and I did as the bulge in my jeans grew again I could see her watching to see if she was having an effect on me.

Her light brown hair fell to her butt thick and heavy. Her small breasts were well tanned and firm as the rest of her body not a tan line anywhere slim waist meant at the V of her upper thighs in a golden nest of curly light brown fuzz that continued down her long thin shapely legs. Her nipples were very hard the size of pencil erasers with areoles about the size of a quarter. My mouth watered wanting to take her in my arms and devour her right there. 

She asked if I'd like to take a quick dip in her hot tub since it was already and I should at least have a beer for fixing the sink as she went to the fridge pulling one out opening it as she walked toward me her small breasts standing out almost begging to be touched. She had always said that was why she got into giving the boys head because of her small breasts and holding out not wanting to go all the way with just anyone.

I took a long pull on the cold beer then started taking my cloths off right there in the kitchen Annie seemed to like that as she watched me waiting for me to pull off my jeans as I did my cock sprang free with a little bounce to it, it was getting very hard by now. Now with both of us naked I took another pull on my beer and told Annie to lead the way while I grad another beer. We headed out the back door to the deck it was dark just the light from the kitchen showing the way we went to the tub I pulled the cover off then helped her in, then slid in myself.

As the heat soaked in I drank the rest of my first beer and opened the second as Annie sat across from me I made the first move finding her foot in the bottom of the tub as we talked I wanted to just come out and ask if she wanted to show me how good she was at sucking cock but before I could; she said "I really want to suck your cock Bill in fact I've wanted to for months. Can I?"

Can she? Can she? Hell yes you can suck my cock anytime! And right now is as good a time as any my mind was screaming. Instead I said "Well I'm not sure Jasmine and I don't fool around with out the other to share you know and you've said you're not into other ladies so I would love to but…"

Annie said "I know, I know Jasmine and I've talked about it too and she suggested that I join you two for your birthday but I'd really, really just like to have to by myself once before then; besides I (as I felt her foot on my crotch) think you need it now I hate to let a hard cock go to waste!" 

I said "Well my birthday is this weekend, are you going to go out with us?"

"Yes I am we have a surprise already planned for you." She answered as her foot massaged my rock hard cock under the water. "But I still want you now please."

What was I supposed to do she was almost begging to suck my aching cock and now she had both her feet wrapped around it stroking it she then shifted kneeling before me replacing her feet with her hands in slow long strokes with both hands wrapped around my 7" member all I wanted was to let her do what ever she wanted. I would explain to Jasmine later. 

This was another one of our little things if for what ever reason one of us found ourselves in a situation where the other wasn't or couldn't be there we had to tell the other the whole story after and the one who didn't get any would make the other pay. So I looked forward to describing how Annie seduced me and doing what ever Jasmine wished in return.

Not wanting to let Annie know though I said "We can't let Jasmine know if you do though, right."

"No, no I won't." She replied as I wrapped my arms around her. We kissed as her hands work me under the water I moved up to the edge of the tub opening my legs. Annie moved between them as she first licked the under side of my cock from base to tip. Then lightly around the big purple she then flicked her tongue slowly stroking the length with both hands. Then taking just my big mushroom head in her mouth she began sucking as her tongue worked around the rim. Next Annie sucked the whole length into mouth and throat working her throat muscles on its head. As she withdrew my pulsing meat from her mouth her tongue again licked around my cock ending with a flick at the tip like she wanted a drop of precum. This was followed again and again with slight variations as she increased the pace finding a rhythm to her head bobbing at my crotch. Sometimes cupping my balls in a gentle squeeze she would look up at me with her mouth full of cock with such a pleased smile on her face; as if she finally had something she'd wanted for ever.

I know I was getting one of the very best blow jobs I have ever had and wasn't about to let her get it all right her in the tub I rested my hands on the back of her head holding her as her head fucked my cock. I said "Can we move to somewhere dryer?"

"Mumhuh" Was her muffled answer.

We broke apart with her kissing the tip of my cock then wrapped in towels ran to the house. Once inside I took her towel and dried her off as she did me my cock now oozing precum from the tip she knelt before me as the towel was worked over my butt her tongue licked the head of my cock. Then she was right back at it on the kitchen floor before I could do anything. I pulled her up from my cock to get a little more comfortable moving into the living room to the couch I laid back as she returned to stuffing her face.

I worked her around so I might taste her sweet treasure slowly licking her puffy pussy lips until I found her swollen clit she climaxed almost as my tongue touched it then again as I took it between my teeth sucking it as she was me. Her juices were flowing as I worked my fingers to her tight hole probing first with one then two until all four fingers of one hand were fucking her as I sucked and licked her clit. She came again then twisted away from me to get a better angle at my cock it seemed she wanted to make me cum her pleasure was not the point for her at least. So again I laid back to enjoy her wonderful talents at the oral art. Now I let her have it all moving my hips to match her head as I held the back of her head I fucked her mouth as I would her tight pussy. Until I felt myself reaching the point of no return she seemed to feel me close to the edge as she squeezed the base of my cock the help me hold off my impending climax. I pulled out of her mouth and flipped her around almost most in one motion ramming my cock into her wet pussy as she gasped at being filled in one stroke I slowly pulled out coating my cock with her juices then plunged in again and again until she came crying out "Oh my god yes fuck me, fuck me, fuck meeeee." 

And I did as I was told moving her this time to the doggie position so I could see my cock disappearing into her wet love hole then coming back out coated with her sweet pussy juices I found a good pace pounding her tight cunt until came the sound of her pleading as her head was collapsing into the corner of the couch mumbling something about not cumming in her because I wasn't wearing a rubber. Always one to oblige a lady I'm fucking as I was reaching that point again I pulled out rolled her over and filled her mouth again letting her taste herself as I filled her mouth with my own climax as she sucked and swallowed every drop milking me until I was soft she licked me then we kissed and I said "Thank you that has to be one of the best if not the very best blowjob I've ever had, but if I don't hurry and get home….." I was looking forward to telling Jasmine all about it and letting her taste Annie on my lips!