 As requested, here is a continuation of the story of Nate and Amelia. I hope you enjoy, and let me know what you think, or what you'd like to see, in the comments. You never know, your idea might make it into the next one.

*************************

"Whatever the hell that was," Amelia slurred as if drugged, "I like. A lot."

"I was worried I hurt you," Nate said. She was still on his lap and he was still deep inside her, as hard as ever.

"Actually, you did," she said. She kissed just below his ear and around the front of his neck to his adam's apple. "I didn't even know I liked it like that. So rough."

It was strange, sex without protection, but she found it just amplified everything somehow. He was opening up all sorts of forgotten fantasies and hidden pleasures in her. What the hell had taken them so long? He filled her up as if they were designed for each other. She hadn't even been on a date in... wow, two years? That long? Yeah, she thought. She kept an awesome little vibrator in her top drawer, but she didn't think she'd be needing it anytime soon.

"I'm afraid to move," Nate said, his deep voice rumbled against her torso. God, he was sexy, and he didn't have any idea. It was all over him, his body language, the way he dressed, everything. He didn't realize how easily he could've done so much better than Paula.

"So don't," she whispered, kissing his neck. It pained her to think about what he'd been through with Paula. Her little sister was an expert at manipulation, especially with men. She ate up attention, especially generosity, like it was candy. Kindness, sensitivity, even trust, it was never enough and she just kept going. If only Nate knew.

He gave because he had so much to give, and with no expectation of gain from it. The sweet, naive doofus that he'd always been, he was thrilled that someone as pretty and well built as Paula had wanted him. But Paula didn't actually want him. She wanted what she wanted, no matter where it came from. Amelia knew something about her sister that no one else did. It would've all been coming out soon and there was nothing Paula could do to stop it... if she had the good sense to move out of the way of this particular speeding freight train. Well, that's what big sisters were for, and that was the main reason Amelia had chosen an apartment so close to theirs. She'd be there for the aftermath, but after what Paula had done to Nate, she needed to have reality slap her good and hard.

Amelia shivered, not because of the cold but because Nate's hands were exploring her in places she hadn't been touched in a very long time, if ever. It's so easy to forget how good it feels to have someone enjoy you. You learn how to do without because you have no choice. But oh, he was so very, good with those hands. Those strong, eager hands. They'd been going to waste everywhere but into his work. She'd fix that, though. Yes, she would.

"Didn't mean to tickle. Sorry," he whispered, slowly guiding two fingers up to her back along her spine, "Well, not really."

"Jerk," she groaned, rolling her head to the side. He bit her again, right where it felt the best. How the fuck did he find that spot so easily? She wanted him again already. They were a mess, but she didn't care. She spent all day in a sanitary environment, washing her hands almost constantly and being so very careful with everything. She'd always loved to get messy as a kid, mud pies and finger paints and things that most girls hated. She had her feminine side, yes, but she'd been a tomboy growing up... one more reason she'd so often clashed with Paula the princess.

"Ames, I'm not going to ask you what you and Paula were talking about. I don't want to know. I really don't. The whole thing feels like... my parents used to have this huge tree in their front yard when we were living by the lake. Where we lived, they had to pay to cut down any tree with a trunk over like three inches in diameter, so they left it there. It was dead, though. Nothing more than a big birdhouse. For years it stood there and I kept thinking it would fall over one day, but it never did." 

As he spoke, Nate tugged her hair gently, running the locks through his loosely closed fists. It felt amazing, and with his lips against her neck right where he'd been biting, she was getting wetter and warmer with every breath he puffed against her. Coupled with the feel of him inside her, still so hard, and his chest vibrating against her breasts, all the way down, down... heavenly. She squirmed. 

"The summer after I graduated, there was this huge storm. Lightning hit that tree and it went up like a bonfire. It never fell. There was this charred stump there and the homeowner's association finally let us cut it down."

Amelia leaned back and caught his eye, brow furrowed. "I'm not sure I get the analogy. Sorry, too tired. And too horny."

Nate smiled and tugged her hair, hard. He took a bite, really hard at first, causing her to hiss, and then he backed off, teasing her. Amelia moaned through closed lips, her hips rolling on their own initiative.

"That dead old tree would probably still be there today if the lightning hadn't hit it. Like me... maybe I would've left Paula, maybe not. I had a feeling that... having you so close would have an effect on me sooner or later. I was right. I just didn't realize how much of an effect. Maybe something else would've happened, maybe not. I don't even know what I'm saying."

Amelia leaned back again, dimpling. No, she wouldn't tell him about Paula's affairs. He didn't want to know, and she didn't want to hurt him. Someday, perhaps, but not today. 

Nate shook his head in wonder, grinning like a fool. "What?" She asked, concerned.

"You're so damned beautiful," he exclaimed as if it were the most obvious thing in the world.

Amelia blushed all the way to her toes. Part of her wanted to call bullshit on him, yes, but she knew he meant it. She kissed him and slipped her arms around his neck, leaning against his chest and sliding up off of his lap a little. Her breasts, the part of her she was most insecure about, were flat between them and she could feel his chest hair tickling her nipples, which just turned her on more. 

Everything about him turned her on, from the clear, sensitive eyes the color of faded denim to the wide, sensual lips that should've seemed out of place on a man's face, only they didn't. But if she had to pick one thing that was most attractive about him it would have to be how smart he was, and not just the kind of intelligence that makes graduate level subjects a breeze, either. No, he understood people. He just intuitively knew what they wanted, what they were afraid of, and how to help them be happy. Even how to give it to them if he could. That deep humanity and decency, that was what she found the sexiest. Ironically, that was the part of him that her sister abused the most.

They didn't make love again on the couch, although it would've been so very easy. It was already nearly midnight and they were only awake through sheer stubbornness. Instead, they tested her new shower together. It was only a shower-bath combination, but that just gave them a reason to be close. They washed each other thoroughly, lovingly, and couldn't seem to stop kissing. It was well after one a.m. before they made up her (their) bed and crawled in, naked and happy.

"No alarms," Amelia said. "We're sleeping in tomorrow."

"Damn right. I have work to do but not much, should only take a couple of hours," Nate said, caressing her bare hip under the covers with the backs of his fingers. His eyes lingered on Amelia's breasts and she bit her lip apprehensively. After being with Paula, who been an impressive D cup since she'd put on a few pounds, Nate probably didn't like hers, which were only a B.

"What's the matter, Ames?" He asked, tilting her chin toward him gently. "Talk to me. Please."

Yep, she was in love, no two ways about it. She dimpled again but couldn't bring herself to tell him. Not yet. She looked down and away shyly. Rather than force her to look at him and tell him what he wanted to know, as Darren would've done, Nate just kissed the top of her head. Then her neck again, sweetly, so sweetly. She rolled toward him, across him, using his chest as a pillow. His heartbeat was strong and deep, like his voice, and she could almost feel her love growing.

She peered up at him, past the light brown stubble and cleft in his chin, and saw him looking down her body. At her ass? Maybe. She was a little overweight, but she'd never been the kind of girl that worried herself sick about that stuff. She even hoped (in vain, girl, you're twenty-eight, be honest) that at least a few pounds would upgrade her from a B to a C. No such luck. Maybe if/when she ever got pregnant?

So let him look, she thought. I am what I am.

"I love you, Nate," was all she could say, since she needed to say something. She couldn't just leave him hanging like that, it was too insensitive. "I really do."

He beamed and kissed her temple softly. "I love you, too. In the shower, I was thinking about when we were in school. Was there ever a time... I don't know. That we could've been together?"

Had their chemistry always been like this? She shrugged, found one of his hands and twined her fingers through his. "Maybe. Yeah, I guess there could've been. I was pretty shy though, I only really had one boyfriend."

"Darren," Nate said. "You two started dating in what was it, eleventh grade?"

She nodded. "Although, since you were the first boy I ever kissed, I guess that makes you my first boyfriend."

"Woo hoo!" Nate said, pumping a fist at the ceiling. 

She laughed. What a cornball. "You know, that kiss was a pretty big deal for me," she said softly. She made a trail through his chest hair, which was blonde despite his hair and scruff being brown. "I was a bookworm. A loner. Like Daria, kinda. But I liked you a lot. I didn't think you noticed me."

"I always noticed you," Nate said, petting her hair again. "Don't you remember our book club? Just you and me and Andy Nichols?"

Amelia laughed again, kind of amazed at herself. She laughed so very rarely these days and he was pulling them out of her like it was nothing. "Oh, Andy, I miss him so bad. He cracked me up."

"The guy had no shame, no fear," Nate said, laughing with her. "Remember when he put that neon pink dildo in Mr. Clayton's desk drawer -"

"... With a note that said 'From Principal Johnson, with hugs and kisses', yep," Amelia laughed until she felt a tear falling down her cheek. 

Nate brushed it away with his thumb and bent forward to steal a kiss. Amelia curled up with her back and her hip against his side and folded his arm across her. He smelled good, clean, like a man should, and he didn't wear cologne or scented anything, from what she could tell. He just smelled delicious. It didn't look like she was going to make it to sleep tonight, naked, in bed with him. Aww isn't that a shame, she thought wryly.

He ran his fingertips along her side, from shoulder down as far as he could reach and back up, over and over. That bugger, she thought, he was brushing the inside of his elbow against her increasingly hard nipple with each pass. Sneaky, sneaky. She looked up at him and he was pretending to look out the window, even though the curtains were drawn. The tiniest smile was hiding on those lips of his, and she decided to see how long he could keep it up.

She took his hand firmly in hers and pressed it against her breast, folding his fingers around and beneath it as best she could. She arched her back, stretching the top of her head almost to his breastbone. Still he didn't look, but the smile was creeping a little bit wider. He didn't squeeze her breast, amazingly. He didn't move at all, actually. He rolled his eyes up to the ceiling as if deep in thought. We'll see about that, she thought, grinning. 

She looked to her left and saw that he was making a tent in the sheet, which was the only thing currently covering them. Without turning, she slipped her left hand back and ran her fingernails up his thigh, just hard enough to hurt. He hissed quietly but that was it. Just as her hand was making it up next to his erection, she stopped, her nails pressing hard enough into his leg to undoubtedly leave red marks later. His resolve was starting to crack and he was fighting a smile and losing.

"Nate," she said casually, "I've been wondering about something, maybe you can help me with." She trailed her fingers closer to his dick, millimeter by millimeter. She felt her forefinger connect with the shaft of his cock and he jumped. "Did you plan this whole day just so you could get into my pants?"

"Of course!" He wiggled his eyebrows. 

She gaped. He laughed all the way down to his toes. Of course he was kidding, she knew him well enough to know that, but the sheer nerve! She seized his length in a tight fist and his laugh turned to a shriek like a tea kettle. He clapped both hands over his mouth and stared at her with eyes the size of baseballs.

"Well, well," she said, rolling her thumb across the already dripping head, "The joke's on you, I've been planning it for weeks. Mua ha ha!"

Just as it looked like he was about to come up with something clever, she leaned over his lap and slipped the head of his dick into her mouth. Whatever he'd been about to say couldn't have been that important, as it was replaced by a moan that went on and on as she licked, kiss and caressed him from the base of the shaft up to the little slit at the top.

Darren had expected blowjobs regularly and she'd delivered, even though he'd never gone down on her, not once in nearly five years of dating. She wasn't a pro at it, but she must've been doing pretty well. After only a couple of minutes, Nate was lifting his hips up off the bed, his fingers tugging her hair and caressing the back of her neck.

"Ames," he said shakily, "I... don't think I can take much more of that. Come up here?"

He didn't have to ask twice. She smiled back up at him, wiped her lip and removed a blonde hair absently, then lay back, stretching out on her side of the bed. She folded her hands under the pillow and tilted her hip toward him slightly, eyes half lidded.

Nate leaned forward and pressed his lips against the inside swell of her breast, kissing very slowly around it until he'd made a full circle. Her nervousness about her breasts was still there, as it always was, but it was far enough back in her mind that she could enjoy his attention to them. He kissed (too damn slow!) toward her nipple, leaning almost completely over her, and it felt so good he caught her completely by surprise. His hand crept between her parted thighs and glided around the curve of her ass. His thumb remained tantalizingly close to where she wanted him the most. His tongue flicked across her nipple once, twice, very gently.

His eyes were closed and he was being so careful that it caught her completely by surprise when the hand between her legs turned into a vice. His thumb practically entered her as he tightened his grip more that she would've thought possible. Her own hands were nearly ripping the sheets, clenching and unclenching, and her throat was struggling to fight down a moan that would undoubtedly wake the neighbors. And still his hand tightened its hold. 

She looked down and saw that he was looking up at her to see her reaction, grinning like a fool, and she held out her hands to him. He released his hold on her but couldn't resist slipping a finger along and just between her vulva. The moan finally made it between her lips, but she barely noticed it.

Amelia curled her ankles around his thighs, as ready as she'd ever been in her life. So, so wet. When he entered her, she leaned forward and helped.

"Ready?" He whispered. His arms like columns on either side of her. She nodded, smiling encouragingly, and in the span of a heartbeat she was filled with him once more. She pulled him down flat against her and buried her face in his neck, clinging to him with both arms as if she were falling.

They were both too eager to take their time, and too tired to turn their lovemaking into the adventure it could so easily become, but they still managed to have the best sex of each of their lives. Nate pounded her with more force every time he entered her. At first he was afraid it would be too much, and finally he was too mad with lust to remember such considerations. Amelia just clung to him, moaning into the hard curve of his shoulder, and for the first time in her life, she came, and came hard, during intercourse. 

Not once did Nate miss a stroke and slip out. He was like a machine. Amelia didn't know it, but he hadn't had sex in over a month, and only once every four or five weeks for the previous two years. Only once every three weeks or so for the two years before that. He always waited until Paula initiated it, otherwise she'd give him excuses or make him feel guilty somehow. So he had no choice, even though he'd gladly have sex every day or every other day if given the chance. And with Amelia, he would. She'd give him everything, all of her.

Nate came not inside her but onto her belly, his whole body shaking with the force of it. He pulled away and propped himself up on his knuckles, head bent toward the ceiling, gritted teeth straining to keep his own moans from escaping. Amelia knew enough about a man's pleasure to help him with her hand during his orgasm, and her other hand simultaneously brought her to her second... or third, counting the one from the couch. She wanted to fall asleep in his arms right then and there but being the thoughtful guy he was, he got up and came back with a hand towel soaked in warm water. He cleaned up his mess meticulously, kissing her everywhere and anywhere, and she folded her hands under her head again, impatient for him to return to her arms but loving every moment of his attention.

When he did return, he brought her a kiss and a glass of water. He wasn't the only one deprived of affection, and the care he took of her was enough to send them both off to sleep and happy dreams within moments of curling up against each other, there in their own home.