 “Hey Jim,” Steph yelled up the stairs, “Have you see Jeff?”

Hmmm I thought, why is she looking for him? “Nope, I haven’t seen him since this morning.”

“Shit “, Steph said.

I could hear her running up the stairs. I stepped into the bathroom and closed the door. I had been masturbating when she came in the house. “Hey babe, where are you?” Steph said.

“In here”, I said.

“What are you doing in there?”

“It’s a bathroom, what do you think I’m doing?” I said.

Steph was my roommate Jeff’s sister. She was 19 years old, and she was GORGEOUS!!!! She had shoulder length blonde hair, blue eyes, and a childlike face. She was only 5 ft 2, but she had 36 C tits and a perfect ass and sexy legs.

I had been stroking my rigid seven inch cock thinking about her when she had come in. I had never gone out with her because I’m 22 and she is a bit of an air head, but her body and face had provided quite a bit of fantasy material. We lived in the same neighborhood as we were growing up and now, her brother and I were roommates in this old house near the college campus. 

I started to open the bathroom door when I had a thought. I pulled on the black bikini underwear that I had been wearing and I adjusted my hard on so that no skin was exposed, but the material was stretched to near breaking. I put a towel around my shoulders and stepped into the hallway. Steph was at the doorway of Jeff’s room. She was wearing a pair of light blue shorts and a white tank top. Her tan legs looked great and she smiled when she saw me. 

“What’s up, Shorty?” I asked.

She laughed and said, “Don’t call me Shorty, you big ox. I was looking for Jeff, cause I needed a ride home. My parents are away til Monday so I can’t get a ride from them.”

Steph walked towards me and I noticed her nipples poking thru her tank top. I studied closer and saw that she had on a bra, but it must have been pretty flimsy.

She came up close to me and said, “Maybe you can give me a ride?”

I thought of the kind of ride I’d like to give her. I said, “Yeah I can give you a ride if you can wait a couple minutes til I shower.” 

I could feel her eyes working their way down my hairy chest and I felt the heat of her eyes as she spotted the outline of my bulging cock and balls. She smiled a nervous smile and said, “Sure, babe, I can wait.” 

Steph had called me babe for years and it never had the effect that it did today. My cock slowly throbbed and pulsed. I looked down and I could see that the elastic of my underwear had stretched enough that I could see part of my hard on straining to get out.

“You’re welcome to a beer if you don’t mind running downstairs and getting it yourself.” I said. 

Steph grinned at me, stole a glance down at my cock which was threatening to burst out and said, “Thanks babe do you want one? 

“Yeah, “I replied, “I’ll have one when I’m done.”

I stepped into the bathroom and I heard Steph running down the stairs. I pulled my bikinis down and my cum bloated cock sprang free. A small drop of precum had oozed out and it glistened in the light. I stepped into the shower stall and turned on the water and closed the door. I grabbed my cock and started stroking it, thinking about Steph’s gorgeous tits and ass and legs. 

I heard the bathroom door open, and I quit stroking. Steph giggled and said, “Here babe, I brought you a beer, you can shower and drink at the same time.”

“Thanks, Shorty”

I reached over the shower door and took the beer. I heard Steph gasp. I realized why when I noticed that I could see her pretty clearly thru the door. My hard on was almost pressed against the glass, so she could see my bare cock.

Steph didn’t say anything for a couple of seconds then she said, “Did I interrupt anything?” 

“No, just showering.”  “Okay,” she said, “I’ll be downstairs waiting for you, babe.” She giggled and went out the door.

I grabbed my cock and in about 20 seconds, I coated the shower door with a cascade of cum. I finished showering and dressed in shorts and a tee shirt. I went downstairs and Steph was sitting at the table.

She smirked and said, “Did you get everything taken care of?” 

I played dumb and said, “I guess so, do you want a ride home now?”

She smiled and said, “If you’re sure it’s not too much trouble.”

“It’s no trouble, Cutie, er I mean Shorty.” I didn’t want her to think I was hot for her even though I was.

As she bent down to pick up her purse, I noticed that she wasn’t wearing a bra, even though I was sure that she had one on earlier. Maybe little Steph was becoming more of a tease. We both ran out the door and got into my beat up old jeep. She looked perfect sitting there, her shorts riding high up her firm tan thighs and her nipples poking invitingly thru her top. We had a ten minute drive to her house and we chatted the whole way. 

I asked her about her boyfriend and she frowned and said, “I finally got rid of him. He was a jerk and I found out that he was screwing around with Emily, my best friend.” 

“Sorry, Steph, I didn’t know.” “It’s good that you found out now rather than later.”

As I turned down her block, Steph smiled and said, “Thanks, Jim, I know that I can always count on you. You are the nicest guy that I know.” 

As I stopped in her driveway, she jumped out of the jeep. “Thanks so much, babe.” She said. 

“No problem, Steph. Glad to help.”

She started to walk towards the house, but she turned around and came up to my window. She leaned in and gave me the softest, sweetest kiss all time. “You are my hero”, she said. Then she ran to the house. I started to back out of the driveway, but I saw Steph running towards me. She said, “Guess what, I don’t have my keys. Mom and dad usually hide a key behind the mailbox, but it’s gone. Do you think you can help me get in thru that window?” Steph pointed to an open window on the side of the house. It was about fifteen feet above the ground.

“Is there a ladder that we can get to?” I asked. 

“I think there is one over behind the garage”, she said.

I followed Steph behind the garage, watching the sway of her firm tight ass cheeks. I carried the ladder over to the house and leaned it against the wall.

Steph smiled and said,” I’ll hold the ladder and you climb up okay, Baby?”

“I think it might be safer if I hold the ladder and you go up, Steph.”

“Okay, “she said, “But you better hold on to that ladder.”

Steph climbed about 3 steps and I looked at her tight ass. From the angle she was at, I could see up her shorts and I could see her tight ass covered by tight white panties which were half way up the crack of her ass. My cock sprang to full attention as she continued to climb the ladder.

She reached the top and she turned around and said, “Okay, baby I’m going to climb in now, so hold the ladder tight.” Steph shoved the screen out of the window and swung one sexy leg onto the window sill and in a second, she was inside the house. She poked her head out the window and said, “Thanks baby, you really are my hero.” 

“Glad to be of service, my Lady, “I laughed.

Steph said,” Do you want to come in and have something to eat.”

I’d love to eat that sweet pussy, I thought. “Sure, Steph”, I said.

I put the ladder back behind the garage and went to the front door. Steph opened the door and I followed her to the kitchen. “How about a beer and a sandwich?” she asked.

“That sounds great,” I said. As she leaned over and got beer from the fridge, her shorts rode up her ass and I caught a glimpse of the lace of her panties. My cock bulged uncomfortably in my shorts. Steph walked across the kitchen to make the sandwiches, and her perfect tits and nipples pointed the way. They were big, but they didn’t sag a bit, they just rode out in front of her. We sat at the table and ate and made small talk. My cock remained hard throughout the meal because of Step’s cute face, and sexy tits. I wanted to get up to leave, but I didn’t want her to notice my throbbing boner. “Well, what’s on your agenda for the rest of the day, babe?” she asked. 

“I was going out to the lake to swim and hang out,” I replied.

“Want some company?” Steph asked.

“That would be great.”

“Wait til I go change. It’ll just take a minute.”

Steph ran upstairs, and my cock began to subside. I heard her coming back downstairs, and I was shocked when she came into the kitchen. Steph was wearing a tiny black bikini that was struggling to cover her awesome tits. Her proud nipples poked thru the thin material and I swear I could see the outline of her pussy thru her bottoms. “What do you think?” she asked as she spun around to give me the full effect.

The bottom of the suit was cut very high on the legs, and her ass was half exposed to my staring eyes. “I err I umm you look gorgeous, Steph” I stammered. ”Thanks, baby. I have another one that I like better; do you want to see it?”

“Sure, Steph if you want to change.” I replied.

Steph ran out of the kitchen and I could here her running to her room. I stuck a hand down my pants and massaged my aching cock. I stroked a couple of times, but then I heard Steph running down the stairs. Just when I thought my cock couldn’t get any harder she stepped into the kitchen. My cock grew another inch when I saw the white one piece she had on. It was cut low, almost to her navel and most of her gorgeous breasts were spilling out. I could see her rose colored nipples and areolas thru the thin material. The leg openings were high and a large part of her firm ass was out. I could clearly see the outline of her beautiful camel toe. “Which one is better? “She asked.

“It’s a hard choice, but I like this one the best.”

“Great, I’ll wear this one then. I have to ask for one more favor before we go. I can’t get the screen back in my bedroom window, can you try. I think I broke it when I pushed it out.”

I said,” Sure Steph let’s go look at it.” I followed her perfect ass up the stairs and she led me to her bedroom. I looked at the screen and I bent the bracket that holds it back into place. “All fixed, Shorty” I laughed.

Steph inspected the repair and said, “Thanks again, baby.”

She came over and stood in front of me. She had a confused look on her face and I was really starting to sweat. I leaned down and she wrapped her arms around my shoulders. Our lips met and we kissed a long kiss. I could feel her tongue softly exploring my lips and I opened my mouth to allow her entry. Our tongues flicked and tickled one another. I hugged her close and I could feel the heat of her nipples thru my shirt. I ran my fingers thru her soft downy hair. We never broke our kiss; we just kept probing each others mouths. My hard on was now bulging like never before. 

I slid my hands down Steph’s sexy back and gently massaged her firm ass. I pulled her tight to me and she could feel my hard seven inch cock pressing against her belly. We continued to kiss and I reached up to undo the top of her suit. I unclipped her suit, and slid the straps down over her arms, exposing her perfect tits. I slid the suit down over her slim hips, and Steph stepped out of the suit.

As I began kneading her firm ass cheeks, Steph grabbed the bottom of my tee shirt and pulled it up so that she could rub her nipples against my hairy chest. We broke our kiss for one second while I ripped the shirt over my head. Then our mouths were crushing together again. I licked every crevice in Steph’s sweet mouth. I probed deeper and deeper and my hands crept up from her beautiful ass to caress those superb tits. As I tickled her nipples, I felt her hands working on my belt. She undid my belt and unzipped my shorts and let them fall to the floor. My erection was sticking out of the waist band of my bikinis and I felt her hand gently stroke the very tip of my cock. 

A soft gasp came from her mouth as she slowly spread precum over the head of my bloated shaft. I felt her delicate hands reach down to cup my hanging balls, and she slid my underwear over my hips. I stepped out of them and we were both totally nude. We continued to kiss and I pulled Steph against me wedging my hard on against her firm belly. Her tits were on fire and I finally leaned down to suck her nipples. With my hands on her ass, and my mouth on her tits, Steph was softly moaning my name. I left her tits briefly to nibble and bite her sexy collarbones. I nuzzled her neck and slipped and hand around to caress her pussy. Her bush was trimmed very short and my fingers slid easily between the puffy lips of her pussy.

Hot nectar was already flowing from the soft petals of Steph’s precious pussy. I swept her into my arms and deposited her onto her bed. I knelt on the floor and kissed my way up her sexy right leg at her pussy, I just gave a quick kiss, then I kissed my way up her left leg. Steph was grinding her hot ass into the bed when my mouth reached her boiling hot slit. I slowly licked my way up the length of her pussy. My tongue separated the outer lips of her pussy and I gently kissed her clit hood. I retracted her clit hood with my fingers and I began to slowly lick and push her fiery clit.

As I licked her clit, I slowly inserted two fingers into Steph’s well lubed cunt. I began finger fucking her tight opening as she bucked her hips up against my mouth. Steph was calling my name as I teased and lapped her clit. I pushed her legs up towards her shoulders to expose her asshole and I buried my face in her ass. I shoved my tongue into her tight puckered hole and I began fingering her faster and faster. I lowered her legs and began rubbing my mustache over her clit and I felt her pussy clamp onto my fingers. As she began to cum, I shifted position to rub my front teeth over her clit. This new sensation was more than she could stand and Steph coated my face with a huge shot of hot nectar from deep within her body. She grabbed my head and began fucking her pussy against my face again and again. Finally she shuddered and another huge shot of nectar blasted out as she collapsed on the bed.