 I search my messages and see that you have sent me a wink. Looking at your profile I'm a little surprised that someone as beautiful as you would be interested in a guy like me. Not to say I'm ugly or anything like that but I am just happy to see your interested and I would be very happy if we could get hooked up. You are very pretty and I can see a little naughtiness in your pictures and the things you said about what you liked and the type of man you're looking for. I sent you an e-mail to get something started and when you answered I was even more surprised that you not only answered but was still interested.

I was available for the next few weekends and asked you to meet me somewhere so we could meet face to face but you wanted to chat on line some more before going there so we agreed to stay on line for a while longer. The chatting quickly became hotter and hotter. It was fun and we really were a good match in the flirting department. We were soon having cyber sex on line every night as we became closer and closer.

The day finally came that you wanted to finally meet me for drinks. My heart was pumping hard now as I wrote back with my acceptance and said I would meet you where ever you want to as long as it was on Friday afternoon because I would have the whole weekend to spend with you if things work out that way. My dream that we hook up is looking very real. You said Friday afternoon was good so of course now I'm really falling apart. My nerves are all tense. "Stay calm buddy." I said to myself. "Everything is going to be just fine." 

Talking on the internet with e-mails and texting is a lot easier because you can think of what to say before you type it in and hit "SEND". I get nervous and sort of shy around women and when they see me struggle for something to say, it's usually over, but I already know some things about you and you know a little about me so we'll see.

Of course I get there early and find that you too are also there early. My god you're more beautiful than your pictures. You smile as I walk up to you and I stumble over my own feet as I reach out to take your hand and give you a small hug. "I'm such a nerd."

Sitting in a booth across from you has me spinning. You look so super sexy and your dress is so hot. Your smile knocks me out. I'm somewhat quiet but I know I must keep things moving or chance loosing you. I like to listen to you tell me about yourself. I love to hear your voice. I want to hold your hand some more, maybe touch your shoulder or an arm just to feel your body, your heat. Your words and lips have my attention as you talk and your eyes express your story. I ask a lot of questions and I share with you things about me too. But I think I'm very boring compared to you. Do I seem like a love struck puppy? Wow! Where is my confidence and poise?

We're sitting at a nice restaurant of your choosing. That works for starters and maybe a movie or a play after would be nice. However! Even if this is all I get from you for now, then we shall say good night, hug and maybe kiss before going our ways. If things are going well, and maybe getting more sensual as we warm up to each other we could go to a club, maybe dance and continue getting to know each other even more. But as our drinks become empty you stun me by saying that a hotel would be more appropriate after we pick up some of your favorite mixers and snacks. 

You follow me in your car to the hotel and after I signed us in I gave you your key card and we head to our room for the night. As we enter the hotel room you might feel a little apprehensive. I see some resistance in you. Maybe I'm a little nervous too as we stand in front of a nice big comfortable looking king size bed, quiet and secluded. I start to go into the hall to get some ice for our drinks and you have a seat on the bed cross your legs and smile up at me. Stepping toward you, I bend over, give you a long soft kiss and slowly slip my tongue into your warm mouth, our tongues exploring each other in the passion. I think I can feel you shaking a little. Your hot breath and willingness has my heart pumping with wanton desire. As I break from our kiss I slowly brush my arm and hand against your breast, smile at you and ask if you would like a massage when I return, then slowly turn to the door and I'm gone. 

You have some options now and everything is running through your mind. "Should I get out of here? My car is just downstairs. But we are really hitting it off great." This date has peaked your interest in me and you seem to have decided I'm not a threat to you, so you throw the keys on the desk and after kicking off your high heels you lay down on the bed to feel its comfort. Your thinking about everything that has happened so far this evening and your sexual desire for us to be together is growing stronger by the minute.

Turning on the TV as I walk in you become startled and say "Massage Please." We both laugh at your nervously impulsive statement. I mix up some drinks and add some ice to our glasses. We toast to us and the night. Another soft inviting kiss that gets more passionate with each second and I feel now is the time to make a move. My fingers are touching your delicate neckline. I can feel goose bumps on your skin as I make my way to the dress zipper and slowly pull it down. 

Your hands are wrapped around my back. Hanging on and nervously shaking as the zipper reaches the small of your back. You let out a soft moan. I feel your hot breath and warm lips move over my neck. I can smell the clean soft sent of your hair and perfume filling my nostrils. Your soft kisses around my collar are making my cock stand up and press hard against my jeans. My whole body is under your spell and then your dress simply falls to the floor. Wow! I wasn't expecting what I saw. You were prepared for this moment with nothing underneath and your beautiful body is in my full view, stunning, firm and tantalizing. "Oh my God, I have died and gone to heaven. Thank you, Thank you, Thank you, God."

My hands are compelled to explore every inch of you but the massage will let my fingers really explore you soon enough. For now my eyes scan you from head to toe. I have never seen such perfect breast. Puffy nipples hard and standing out as if to say, "Please come here and suck me." As I look over your belly I trace the super fine baby hairs that lead me down to that dark triangle patch of bush, trimmed ever so delicately covering your soft mound where the lips of your pussy surround the hood of protection for your button to ecstasy. I can see soft pink butterfly labia further down your pussy lips and just a small drop of womanly lubrication glistening at the very bottom waiting for me to lick it off and taste you.

Your hands are getting busy tugging on my belt. You say, "Your next." And we both work on getting me out of my cloths. I unbutton my shirt and you have my pants making their way to the floor. I'm wearing colored briefs and my cock is sticking up through the elastic band. I almost came right then and there when you grabbed my ass cheeks and bringing your head closer kissed the head of my cock. "Oh shit." I shuddered and almost fell over. You continued to pull them off of me just before dimming the lights by leaving only the bathroom lights on and almost closing the door. 

With some soft music from the cable TV you lay down on the bed breast side down. The hotel lotion bottle is small and I might us it later but for now I start to massage your neck working my way along your shoulders. I can feel your body heat and you become easily relaxed under my touch. Each arm is pulled, kneaded and worked to release tension too. Very slowly I take my time as I tenderly work my way down the middle of your back then kissing in a straight line from your neck down to you soft round buttocks. My attention to your back is getting a good response from you as I hear little moans under your breath. Your hand reaches around and my cock is gently surrounded by your fingers as I feel you stroke the head in playful toying. 

Your hand has stopped and I think you might have fallen asleep. But I move down below and continue to each leg and from toes to butt cheek I let my hands and fingers explore every inch then with a slight push from inside your legs you spread them fully exposing that beautiful pussy. My eyes are fixed on those hot lips between your legs, moisture dripping from the inner sweetness lets me know you're becoming ready for me to enter you. I feel strong urges to climb on and fuck you right now from the back side but I'm still in control of my animal urges and I want to wait. I want to make this last as long as I can. 

Massaging your butt cheeks with the lotion I softly run my thumb and finger against your pussy lips and your sigh tells me it's ok. My cock is so hard now I'm getting pre cum on the tip. You had been lying still but now you're breathing and writhing has increased and the moaning is building fast. I can't wait much longer and slide my hand over your whole nether region starting to slowly rub between the lips with my middle finger until I found the clitoris under its delicate hood. With every rub of my finger over your clit I see you twitch uncontrollably and then I hear, "Oh god this is what I needed. Pleeeze don't stop, Oh fuck, Oh So fucking good. Keep going, don't stop I'm CUMING Now darling shit, fuck. You grabbed my hand and squeezed so tight my fingers were going numb but I just waited and smiled.

My fingers are now soaked with your love juices and I bring them up to my mouth for a taste. Mmmm! That beautiful sweetness and your aroma has me going crazy in side. You're turning over onto your back now and we're both on fire. I climb in-between your legs and my cock is pulsating for you but I want to hold off a little while longer until I ravage your body some more with my mouth tongue and teeth. 

We both start touching and groping each others bodies. Your hand on my cock is almost too much for me to take as you squeeze and start stroking me and it feels so dam good I'm loosing control. My hands are massaging both of your breasts now as we kiss each other's lips and faces. 

The throws of passion have taken over as I start moving down your body lightly kissing and sucking cool air over your nipples, nibbling them as you shiver and moan each time. Your belly is so firm but tender and I lick around your belly button ring. Giggling you push my head down further until I can see and smell your hot wet pussy. I slowly tongue the folds of your labia, your pussy dripping its sweetness. I lick more of your juicy nectar and savor every drop. Your fingers are playing with the hair on my head until I suck your clit into my mouth and flick my tongue over and over it until you can't stand it any longer pulling my hair and screaming Oh My God I'm gonna pass out. Fucking wow!

My lips and tongue explore as far as I can inside your pussy just to get as much of your honey as I can on my taste buds. You can't stand it anymore and pulling my head up you scream, "Fuck me! Fuck me now! You crazy son of a bitch, Please! Please! Fuck me now!" My face is covered in your cream and I go right to your face as we press our lips tightly together. I'm laying completely above you now and my cock finds its way to the beginning of pure ecstasy. Slowly I push into your warmth and feel your hot juices flow over my cock. You shudder and with teeth and eyes clenched tight you start to cum again as I pump faster and faster. I can feel the convulsions your pussy muscles are making. My cock is being squeezed so tightly my balls are ready to explode. 

Oh Shit, Don't Stop now, Pleeeeze Screaming into orgasm you are so fucking loud and strong I'm over come with how powerful your orgasm is and my balls can't hold back any longer. OH FUCK! Here it comes baby Now! My body also goes into uncontrollable convulsions as stream after stream of my hot ropes of sperm shoot deep inside your hot vagina. You can feel my load hit the inner most depths of your love canal and I can feel excess warm cum pushing out from between us, coating my balls and your sweet asshole. We freeze up all tense, lips pressing together waiting for each orgasm to subside and then we collapse from pure exhaustion.

I roll off of you and grab your face. My lips search for yours, kissing your lips, your eyes, holding your body, feeling so in tune with you. You're almost delirious with relief and so out of breath I can see you're ready to rest so I wrap my arms around you and we just stay like that holding each other until daylight. No words, just soft kisses, holding, touching and a true feel of peace.