 Brian and Renee Collins noticed the light was on when they pulled into the driveway of their modest, three-bedroom home on 2493 Balfour Lane. 

"Well, the house didn't burn down," Brian said. Renee rolled her eyes. Brian always said that whenever they left a babysitter in charge. Brian didn't understand why Renee always sighed whenever he said that. The children's bedroom lights were off though, so Renee was pleased.

Brian pulled the car into the garage and cautiously opened the door, trying to avoid banging it against the wall. 

Renee walked into the house first. The house was completely quiet except for the steady hum of the refrigerator. The babysitter had done her job well. Renee had just set her purse on the kitchen counter when Mandy emerged from around the corner. Her hands were behind her head, tying her long, brown hair into a ponytail. Brian felt his pulse quicken as soon as he saw her. Mandy was clad in impossibly tight jeans, and the position of her arms over her head made her large breasts protrude from her Vikings T-shirt even more than usual. Trying not to make his staring obvious, Brian diverted his gaze and turned to hang his coat up in the closet.

"Hey guys, how was your evening?" Mandy asked. 

Brian and Renee went silent.

"Well," Brian said, "we had a little disagreement about-"

"What time did the kids get to bed?" Renee interrupted.

"About eight-thirty," Mandy said, pretending not to notice the subtle squabbling. "Really helped a lot. I was able to get a lot of studying done."

"Well, that's good," Brian said. "Let me get you your money."

Brian took his wallet from his pocket and counted off several bills. As he did, Mandy took a tube of chapstick from her pocket and rubbed a layer across her lips, puckering as she did so. Brian could see her running the chapstick slowly across her full, sensuous lips in his peripheral vision, and lost track of how much money he'd counted. Starting over, he removed the agreed upon money from his wallet and handed it to Mandy.

"Thanks," Mandy said, placing it into her back pocket.

"Thank you, Mandy," Renee said as she walked up the stairs. "I'm not feeling well, so Brian will drive you home tonight."

Brian nodded. He was used to Renee making all of the decisions.

"Okay, I'm actually staying at my aunt's this week," Mandy said. "You think you could drop me off at her place? It's in Hartly Township."

"That's about forty minutes away," Brian said.

"I know, I'm really sorry, but it's this week only, I hope it's not a huge inconvenience," Mandy said.

"It's alright, I'll need my wife's gas card though," Brian said. He turned to the stairway. 

"Renee?"

"It's in my purse," Renee said, from the upstairs bathroom.

"Of course," Brian said dryly. He opened Renee's purse and rooted through all of her belongings. Makeup, tampons, a bundle of coupons. Brian knew it was in there somewhere. Brian fished around for several seconds while Mandy gathered up her school supplies. 

"Renee, I can't find it!" Brian said.

"It's in the SIDE pocket!" Renee said, annoyed.

"Of course," Brian said again. He opened the side pocket and found the gas card.

Mandy slung her book bag over her shoulder.

"Ready to go?" Mandy asked.

"Yeah," Brian said, grabbing his coat.

"We're leaving now!" Brian said, shouting up the stairs. Renee didn't respond.

Brian opened the passenger door of his 2008 Taurus and Mandy hopped in, setting her book bag into the backseat. 

Brian got into the driver's seat and backed out of the driveway.

"Sorry again about the drive," Mandy said. "I asked my sister if I could crash at her apartment tonight but she hasn't gotten back to me yet."

"It's no problem, Mandy," Brian said. In truth, he was a bit happy to be away from Renee for a little while. As he reached the edge of the driveway, he watched the dim light emanating from the master bedroom switch off.

"Everything okay with your wife?" Mandy asked.

"Yeah," Brian hissed, as he pulled into the street and switched the car back into drive. "We had another argument, that's all."

Mandy nodded. She had many fights with her ex-boyfriend and understood the frustration.

"What about, if you don't mind me asking?" Mandy said.

Brian sighed.

"She thinks I look at other women too much," Brian said. "I don't mean to, but sometimes it just happens."

"Okay, nothing wrong with that," Mandy said. "It's normal for men to look at women." 

Brian gave a surprised wince. It wasn't often her heard a woman show understanding of something like that.

"Well, glad you understand," Brian said. "My wife feels I don't find her attractive any more, when really, the worst thing about her is her low self-esteem."

"I know exactly what you mean," Mandy said. "My ex, I mean, he could have been the perfect guy for me if he had just stopped freaking out every time another man looked at me. I mean come on!"

Brian had no difficulty understanding that. Mandy had the kind of body that drew attention from men wherever she went. If her ex was as jealous as she described, he would have spent every moment in public with her having a conniption.

"We need to stop and get gas," Brian said, pulling into a gas station.

"No problem, I want to get some Snapple," Mandy said.

Brian stopped in front of one of the pumps and Mandy hopped out of the car. A sign posted on the pump read "please pre-pay after dark."

Brian decided he wanted to get lotto tickets anyway, and followed Mandy into the store.

"Pump four, and two lotto," Brian said, handing the gas card to the store attendant. The attendant swiped the card and handed it back to Brian.

"Pump two and four lotto?" the attendant asked.

"No, no, pump four, two lotto," Brian corrected.

"Oh, right," the attendant said, pressing several buttons on his screen. Brian got the feeling the attendant was distracted by something, as his gaze continuously shifted to something behind Brian. Brian turned around to see down the aisle, at the back of the store, Mandy had the cooler door open. She was bent over retrieving a bottle from the bottom shelf. She did not bend her knees in the slightest, and seemed oblivious to the two men, both of who now had their eyes fixated on her absolutely perfect ass.

Mandy retrieved the Snapple bottle and stood up. Shutting the cooler door behind her, she sauntered sexily up to the counter.

The attendant gave Brian a knowing grin, and handed him his receipt.

"Have a good night, sir," the attendant said. Brain nodded as Mandy placed her Snapple onto the counter and fished some of her babysitting money from her pants. He stepped out of the store and made his way back to his car to begin filling it. 

Brian watched Mandy through the glass door as he placed the gas pump into his car. He couldn't hear her conversation, but he could see her giggle and touch the attendant's forearm for just a moment. The attendant stood frozen in shock while Mandy headed out the doorway.

As she emerged from the station, Brian gave the gas pump a good squeeze and felt the gasoline rush through his palm and into his empty tank. Mandy twisted open her Snapple bottle and placed the opening to her lips. He watched her take a sip before she re-entered the vehicle. Brian looked around, and admired the beautiful night sky, taking a deep breath of air as he did so. He mostly smelled gasoline, but Brian didn't mind. The smell of gasoline made him feel like more of a man.

After the tank was filled, Brian placed the nozzle back onto the pump and re-entered the car. As he got into the driver's seat, Brian was startled to see Mandy was pulling down her pants.

"Oops, sorry," Mandy said. "I accidentally spilled Snapple on my jeans."

Brian stole a quick glance at Mandy's bare thighs before replying.

"Oh, take these," Brian said, handing her a bundle of Wendy's napkins he had tucked under the dashboard.

"Thanks," Mandy said, and quickly used the napkins to wipe her pants dry. 

"I have a change of clothes in my book bag," Mandy said. She kicked her pants off and Brian could see she had already taken off her shoes as well. Each of her toenails were painted bright red and looked very pretty, in Brian's opinion. Mandy turned around, resting her knees on the seat as she leaned into the backseat to open her book bag.

Brian tried not to stare, but Mandy's panty-clad bottom was mere inches from his face. 

Her panties were made of purple silk, and had very feminine frilled edges around the waist and thigh openings. Brian felt his heart pound faster as he stole longer and longer glances at Mandy's ass and the back of her legs.

Her body was simply fantastic. Brian didn't know what to say or what he could do to make this situation less awkward, but his excitement at seeing his babysitter's body this close was too good to squander.

Brian tapped his two index fingers on the steering wheel as he visualized himself running his palms across Mandy's bottom. He imagined the softness of the panty material against his fingertips, and how her firm ass would feel through it. It was becoming difficult to resist the temptation to touch her, and Brian found himself trying to figure out a way to make it seem accidental. Whatever he decided, Mandy seemed to be taking her time. She had been rummaging through her book bag for almost a minute, and now Brian could see a group of teenaged boys walking past who had caught a glimpse of Mandy's scantily-clad behind aimed in their direction. They exchanged grins and Brian could tell he was rapidly becoming the envy of the horny young passersby.

"Here it is," Mandy grumbled, and returned to her front seat, with a short jean skirt in her hands. She didn't seem to notice the teenaged boys standing just outside the car who were now smiling at her. Mandy tucked her legs into the skirt and pulled it up and around her waist.

"Okay, ready to go," Mandy said.

Brian started the car up and took off down the road. With Mandy now clad in a short skirt, and with the way she sat with her legs crossed at the knees Brian now had an excellent view of her long, slender legs.

"Ooh, I still feel wet," Mandy said, wiping her legs. "I think the Snapple soaked my panties too."

Mandy reached up her skirt and pulled off her panties. Brian struggled to stay fixated on the road as Mandy kicked off the panties and tossed them into the backseat.

"Mm, that's better," Mandy said. Brian had to agree.

"Lucky you had that skirt handy," Brian said.

"Yeah," Mandy said. "Ooh, by the way, while I was back there I saw a text from my sister. You don't have to drive me to Hartly after all."

"Oh, that's good," Brian said. "Where to then?"

"Make a right at the next light," Mandy said. "Her apartment is just a few blocks that way."

Brian nodded and followed her directions. Looks like this trip might not last as long as he thought. What a shame, Brian thought to himself.

"Can I ask you a personal question, Brian?" Mandy asked.

Brain swallowed. He knew Mandy might very well ask a question he wasn't prepared to answer, but his curiosity of what her question was go the better of him.

"Sure," Brian said.

"Are you happy with your marriage?" Mandy asked.

Brain squeezed the steering wheel harder. 

"Well, yes, I would say I am," Brian said.

"Oh," Mandy said, a hint of surprise in her tone. She sat back against her seat and stared at the road ahead. "It's past the next light."

There was an awkward silence, which Brian felt compelled to fill.

"Well," Brian said. "It's by no means perfect, but I love her, and even though she's been a bit more distant, well, I just- I don't know."

Mandy smiled.

"Be honest with me, Brian," Mandy said. "I know the look of a man who's not happily married. And I know the look of man who's open to- looking elsewhere for satisfaction."

Brian could see the twinkle in Mandy's eye and he knew exactly what she was implying.

"I- I have never cheated on Renee," Brian said.

"Okay," Mandy said. "But you like looking at other women. You said so yourself."

Brian swallowed again.

"Yes. Yes I did," Brian said.

"Did you enjoy looking when I pulled my pants down?" Mandy asked.

Brian nodded.

"Yes."

"Good," Mandy smiled. "The apartment's on your right."

Brian pulled into the parking lot in front of the apartment complex.

"The parking spaces over there are covered," Mandy said. "Will you pull into an empty one?"

Brian did as Mandy asked and put the car in park. He turned to look at Mandy.

"So," Mandy said softly. "Maybe we better get inside before our parents catch us."

Brian laughed. Being in a parked car late at night did remind him of his high school days. Mandy stretched her legs and rested her bare feet upon the dashboard. She crossed her legs at the ankles and looked sweetly upon Brian.

"Got a few minutes to chat before I head in?" Mandy asked.

Brian could feel the sweat forming on his brow. He knew he shouldn't be here, he knew he shouldn't be doing this.

"Well, okay, I've got a few minutes," Brian said.

"Yeah, my sister's probably inside fucking her boyfriend," Mandy said. "I should give them a little more time before I go in. God it's been forever since I've gotten laid."

"Really?" Brian asked.

"Yep," Mandy said. "Been so caught up in college classes I haven't had time for dating."

"That's surprising," Brian said. "I would have thought a girl like you would have guys lined up to get your phone number."

Mandy laughed.

"You really think I'm that hot?" Mandy asked.

"Are you kidding?" Brian asked. "You're a knockout!"

Mandy gave a coy smile.

"That's sweet of you to say."

Mandy leaned closer to Brian. He could smell her perfume as she moved her body close enough that her breasts were now squeezed against his shoulder. She placed her lips just inches from his ear and whispered:

"Would you like to see more of me?"

Brian's pulse kicked up a notch. He knew he should say no, he knew he needed to tell her to get out of his car, but he wasn't going to do that. Not when he was being offered a peek at a beautiful young coed.

"Yes, I would," Brian said.

Mandy smiled. She sat back, and lifted her shirt up to her neck. Brian had just started to admire the gorgeous cleavage that peeked out over her sexy violet bra when Mandy proceeded to unhook her bra fastener and revealed her gorgeous, enormous breasts for him to enjoy. They were larger than he'd expected, even larger than Renee's; although her nipples were smaller and a lighter shade of brown.

Brian stared for several seconds, simply admiring their exquisite beauty.

"Well, do you like them?" Mandy asked, batting her eyes.

Brian grinned.

"Yes," he said.

"Good," Mandy smiled. "Now, your turn. I want to see if I made you hard."

Brian eagerly unzipped his pants and took out his fully erect penis. Mandy licked her lips as she admired Brian's full shaft awaiting her attention.

"Ooh, soooo nice," Mandy said. "I should warn you, I love to tease."

"That's okay," Brian said. He loved the attention he was getting.

"Can I touch?" Mandy asked.

"Of course," Brian said.

Mandy placed each of her fingertips onto the base of Brian's cock. Very slowly, she lightly ran her fingertips up the shaft of his penis. Brian felt a tingle rush throughout his penis. Her fingers were so soft. Her feminine touch made his body tremble. As her fingers reached the tip of his penis, she removed her hand and placed her fingertips back around the base of his cock again, and repeated her gesture. Brian had never had his penis touched this way before. Renee had given him hand jobs, but she stroked him firmly, much as he did to himself while masturbating, but Mandy, what she was doing was driving him wild. Her feather-light touch up the shaft of his dick tantalized his senses.

"You can stroke it harder, you know," Brian said.

Mandy shook her head teasingly.

"I like to do it this way," Mandy said, and continued to softly stroke Brian with only the very tips of her fingers. Her soft touch left Brian powerfully stimulated yet craving more. 

"You know I never imagined you would ever do something like this," Brian said. "You always seemed like such a good girl."

Mandy giggled.

"Me? I've never been the good girl," Mandy said coyly.

"Really?" Brian said, genuinely surprised.

"Yep," Mandy said. "I was always getting detentions in school. In college I had to be sent to the Dean more than once for a spanking."

Brian was shocked.

"They spank students in college?" Brian asked.

Mandy nodded.

"At Grey's Heart Academy they do. I'd know," Mandy said. She felt Brian's penis harden as soon as she mentioned the word "spanking," and realized she'd found something new with which to tease him.

"Really?" Brian said, the excitement building in his voice. "What did you do?"

Mandy shot Brian a teasing smile.

"Well," Mandy began. She waited until she had finished one full stroke on Brian's penis before she continued her sentence. He squirmed in his seat in his excitement, much to Mandy's delight.

"One time, My best friend Katelyn and I got caught coming back to the dorm after curfew with liquor on our breath. Our House Mother told us to report to the Dean first thing Monday morning. We were so scared, cause it was a repeat offense for both of us."

Brian latched onto Mandy's every word, riveted by her story. Mandy felt his pulse pick up and continued her story in a slow, seductive voice.

"So, we went up to his office, bright and early, and his secretary made us wait in these chairs just outside his office," Mandy said. "So we sat there, and just waited for like, 15 minutes. After a while we started thinking he wasn't going to show and we could just leave. But sure enough, the door opens, and the Dean tells us both to come inside."

Mandy paused as she felt Brian's penis swell even harder. She wondered if he might blow his load before she even got to the spanking part, so she slowed her strokes down and made them even lighter, so that only the tips of her fingernails brushed across his dick shaft like feathers. The sudden change in dick stroking made Brian feel like he had lost control of his bicycle while rolling down a steep hill, and he instinctively grabbed hold of his penis.

"Hey!" Mandy said, sharply. "Hands off."

"But-"

"No buts," Mandy said. "You want to hear the rest of my story? Put your hands to your sides. I decide what your penis gets to feel right now."

Brian obediently placed his hands to his sides. The complete lack of control he had over his own penis exhilarated him in a way. He waited excitedly for Mandy to continue her story.

"So, as I was saying," Mandy said, and she resumed slowly stroking his erect penis. "We went inside the Dean's office, and he sits down at his desk and he looks at us. He says 'you both know why you're here, I don't have to tell you you're in serious trouble.' And we both nod and say we understand."

Brian gulped. He felt a surge of energy rush through his cock.

"So then he said, 'Good. Now bend over my desk.' So we both bent over and put our hands on his desk. I was so scared," Mandy said. 

Brian had never been so riveted in his life. He wondered briefly whether or not Mandy's story was true, or if she was exaggerating details simply to excite him, but soon realized he didn't care. He wanted to hear how this story ended whether it happened or not.

"So he took opened his desk drawer, and he pulls out this thick wooden paddle and he says 'Do you know what this is for?' And we both nod yes," Mandy said. "He tells us to lift our skirts, so we do."

"He made you lift your skirts?" Brian asked in surprise. 

Mandy nodded.

"Grey's Heart is an old-fashioned college," Mandy said. "They have a lot of policies that might surprise people. They can even strip-search students there."
