 She was at my house again, this time with her kids, and we had a full weekend ahead of us, together. The prospect of being with her full-time for at least two days was very exciting for me. Oh, let me refresh your knowledge of who we are, and how we met.

She contacted me via the eMode site. We did the email thing for a week, met at the end of that week and spent five hours together. We hit it off. More emails, I really turned her on with an email about touching her face. On the third date she gave herself to me. A tremendously exhilarating experience! Since then I’ve spent lots of time with her on the weekends, and sometimes on Mondays.

She’s shy in bed, a bit. Doesn’t like her small breasts. I find her exciting and beautiful, very sexy. She’s small, just over 100 pounds and 5’2” tall. Exquisite. I’ve taken her to heights of sexual enjoyment she’s never experienced. I perform oral sex on her as often as I can; I’ve gotten her into her first ‘69’ experience (at least, as far as I can learn. Remember, she’s shy, and possibly sly. J). I’ve done a lot with her, all of which she enjoys. I like to talk to her while we’re fucking. I describe my feelings; I tell her what I’m doing and what I’m going to do. I ask her if she likes the feelings I’m giving her, if she likes being filled so much, of having my cock hit her cervix, of my being so deep in her.

This talk never ceases to increase her enjoyment, and mine. I recall various sexual interludes we’ve had. Some of the most exciting are when I hold her from behind, wrapping my arms around her slenderness and force my attentions on her. Force isn’t the right word, because she loves the attentions. But she will say ‘no, not now’ or ‘no, what about the kids’ or other weak protests. All the while moaning and going limp from the excitement I’m giving her. She’s always very wet when I touch her sex during these sessions. I’ve never fucked her during these sessions, only touched her until she comes.

So I was re-telling the story of the first time I took her from behind and made her come with my fingers. We were in bed, fucking, a very hot session as I re-told the story. I described how I was naked in the pool, at her suggestion, and she had on her one-piece suit. We’d gotten out of the pool, it was late and dark so we couldn’t be easily seen behind her house. I held her from behind, then slipped my left hand into her suit and grasped her right breast. I ran my hands down her side and found my way to her pussy. I put my finger between her lips and found her wetness. I worked her clit with my finger until she came, bending over from the force of her orgasm. All the while holding her against my naked body.

“I wanted to fuck you then, but you had told me no because of the time of month. So I didn’t,” I whispered to her while stroking my hard cock in and out of her tight pussy.

“I wanted you too,” she replied. I wasn’t surprised, but I was pleased to hear her say it. This was not the first time we’d talked about her feelings while I held her from behind, making her come.

“Really?” I asked.

“Yes,” she breathed. “You make me so hot, I want to feel you inside me when you do that.”

Okay, now let’s come back to the present. It’s Sunday afternoon. We’ve been out and about meeting people, eating breakfast at a local French restaurant. She’s packing to go back to her place, I’m going to go with her, but I’m riding my BMW motorcycle while she drives the mini-van with the kids. Lucky her!

I go upstairs to my (our) room to talk with her, and have a little private time before we leave. I surprise her a little because I’m a quiet walker. She comes into my arms easily. We kiss. She looks at me questioningly. “What’s wrong?” she asks.

“Nothing, I just wanted to hold you, to kiss you. I wanted to be alone with you for a few minutes,” I reply. Really, I was just going to hold and kiss her. But my desire took me to another level. She felt so good in my arms. So slender, warm and tender. She looked so beautiful and the weekend had gone so nicely. I pulled her into my arms again after she’d slipped out of my grasp to pack.

“What are you doing?” she asked.

“I’m holding you,” I retorted.

“We can’t stay here very long, the kids are waiting,” she said.

“I’m not worried about them, they’ll be alright without us for a few minutes.”

I had her tight in my arms, she can’t really get free. I walked her backward around the corner, between the closets and pushed her up against a narrow section of wall. We kissed, hard this time. I ran my hands down to her ass and squeezed it. She gasped. “No, not now,” she said.

“Shhh, don’t worry. I’m only getting you excited to remember me by as you drive home,” I said. I’m so bad.

More groping, stroking, kissing. She was hot for me, and I for her. Our breathing was getting faster, my heart was beating faster. My cock was getting hard. I slipped my left hand into her pants, feeling her smooth, cool, naked ass in my hand. “Ohhh,” she moaned.

I slid my other hand into her pants, grabbing both cheeks while kissing her neck. Sucking on her neck and shoulder. She was moaning more constantly, breathing harder. She was stroking my chest, arms, sides. She reached around and felt my ass with her left hand. Then “No, we can’t!” she cried, and quickly twisted away from me, trying to escape.

I grabbed her arm and pulled her back against me. My favorite position again. I held her strongly and reached around her front, putting my hand down the front of her pants. I stroked her pussy through her panties, feeling her juices soak into the material. As I stroked her she sighed in pleasure. She stroked my arms. “No, don’t” she pleaded. “I need to finish packing!”

“That can wait a few minutes, I said. “I love to make you come while holding you. I’m going to make you come!”

“Please, don’t,” she whimpered.

All the while she’s getting wetter as I stroke her. I push my finger under the elastic of her panty leg and reach in, touching her naked pussy lips. I part her lips and feel the flood of juice coming from her pussy. She’s hot! I stroke up and down her pussy, spreading the juices around, up and over her clitoris. I tweak her clit. Flicking my finger over it she moans again, in pleasure. I’ve got her now.

I continue to work her pussy and clit, slipping my finger into her tightness, feeling those incredible pussy wall muscles. God she’s incredible! I’m getting harder, but I have to hold her tight, keep her in my arms. If I let up she’ll twist away! All part of the game.

Then I push her back against the wall. I want her hand on my cock and I take it and put it there. “Feel how hard you make me?” I ask her.

“Yes,” she breathes. “You’re so big!” she continued.

“All because of you,” I tell her. I work on her pussy, making her gasp and go weak at the knees. I hold her up and we kiss deeply. I turn her around, pulling her pants down.

“What are you doing? We can’t!” she exclaims, quietly.

“You want it. I know you do. You want me to fuck you, don’t you? After all the times we’ve talked about these situations, you keep telling me you wanted me to fuck you then. Well baby, now I am going to fuck you, just like you want,” I tell her.

“The door’s open,” she points out. She’s right, so I have to close and lock it to avoid getting caught ‘en flagrante’.

“Don’t move, I’ll be right back,” I tell her as I turn to close and lock the door. Careless of me, I’m thinking. When I return seconds later she’s pulled her panties back up.

“No, there’s no time,” she says, still trying to stop me.

I push her back on the wall and pull her panties back down and off. “Yes, there is,” I tell her again. I play with her pussy some more, eliciting more moans from her. She’s still very wet. But, I’m going to fuck her so I tell her, “Turn around.”

“Put your hands on the wall,” I tell her as I spread her legs. My cock is hard, but not hard enough. As I try to enter her I’m only able to get the first couple of inches in. She’s too tight for my weak dick! Damn! She knows what to do; I’ve got her so hot she’s finally admitted that she wants me to fuck her!

She pulls away and grabs my hand. She drags me to the bed; I have to quickly scurry along behind her as my pants are down around my ankles! She sits on the bed and leans back. I know what I need to do. I push her on her back and slip my cock into her pussy. The change in position makes it possible to get my dick all the way inside her. The sensations are incredible and I start to grow, getting harder and longer very quickly.

I begin stroking my now fully erect eight inch cock in and out of her, slowly at first. Coating everything with her pussy juices. I kiss her. I’m so hard now. Rock hard. I start really giving it to her. She’s moaning, grabbing for my ass as I pound into her.

“Ohh, ahh, that’s so good!” she whispers. We don’t want to be discovered, and we’re right above the living room. So we have to keep the bed from squeaking too much. I slow down, and stroke her with shorter strokes close to the opening of her pussy. I do this fast and she’s in heaven! So wet!

I’m sweating now. My cock is throbbing and I feel that familiar sensation in my balls. “I’m going to come!” I cry out. I bang into her harder, then pull out and short stroke her again. I alternate between long, slow strokes and short, fast ones. She’s tight, squeezing her pussy around my cock like a vise. I’m getting closer and closer.

“Oh! I’m coming in your pussy!” I exclaim. She’s writhing and I hear her come too, just as I do! How exciting! I continue to stroke her pussy with my still hard cock. She’s breathing hard, as am I. We pull our clothes back together so we can get things moving along to go to her place. She uses a Kleenex to try and clean up a little. Our juices are running down her leg!

“That was great!” she tells me. “Thank you.” And kisses me, deeply. Life is so good!