 I met her online, on some dating site. I can't remember which one exactly, I have so many on my phone, and this was sometime ago when I first returned to the country. We added each other on a few social medias, Snapchat, kik, and instagram. What initially attracted me to her, was her long blonde hair, her big eyes that her makeup just made pop, and her very impressive deep cleavage. We chatted a little bit here and there, and eventually talked more. She loved sex, was very open about it, and enjoyed talking about it. I'm the exact same way, and it's gotten me into trouble a few times. So talking to someone with the same openness is always welcomed. She revealed to me that want really gets her off is to be roughed up, commanded, and be called names. Rough sex was something I took too quite quickly. I felt pretty confident that telling her about my experience doing some pornos, and showing her a clip would get her interested me. She liked what she saw, and we kept talking and decided to meet in person to play.

I made reservations for a hotel room, and made plans for us to go out to dinner and get drinks afterwards. I told her to wear something revealing when we go out, to show off her body, and to bring a change of clothes because they might be ruined by the end of the night.

The night of our date came, and we met at the restaurant. She looked for lack of a better word, just "stunning", I actually paused for a moment when she waved to me. She had a thin black top, which just seemed to give up at the idea at trying to contain her breasts, which looked even bigger in person, about the size of large cantaloupes. She wore a black short skirt, which showed off her long, her high heels brought her up to about my height(I'm 6 feet even). I approached her, we hugged, and I stepped back to look at her again. She had on a thick red lipstick parted to show a beautiful and inviting smile, and dark eye make up which made her eyes look huge that just drew me into her dark brown eyes.

We went into the restaurant and we had a nice conversation. I mostly talked about my time in Germany, and my transition back into the states. We then transitioned into talking about the upcoming season of The Walking Dead, I promised not to spoil anything for her since I read the comics. After our meal, we walked to a nearby bar. In the bar we started off with a round of beers, and started talking about our sexual history a little bit. When we finished our beers, we started to order shots, and our bodies became closer. her hand on my arm, and mine on her waist. I told her that most of the guys were staring like a pack of hungry wolves, she asked if I was jealous. I assured her that I wasn't (This was my plan from the start, to show her off, and dangle her in front of a bunch of drunk men).

"I'm going to the bathroom really quick." I said after slamming down another shot

"You're not going to throw up are you?" She asked with a little bit of concern on her face.

I laughed, "No, not at all. It's going to take a lot more than this to get me that drunk. While I'm gone though, if any guys approach you, I want you to flirt back."

She gave me a confused look and asked, "You actually want me to flirt with other men while I'm out with you?"

"If any of them approach you, yeah. Just have some fun, we'll be going soon anyways." I replied.

"And what if you come back and find me gone?" She inquired.

"Well, I trust you...and I think it'd be fun to break you up and take you away from any hopeful guy knowing that I have you all to myself." I assured her, and with that I walked away.

I was really only in the bathroom because I knew at least one guy would approach her. So I decided to stand there after washing my hands and clear out my e-mail inboxes. After a few minutes of clearing out spam emails, and checking facebook notifications I felt like it was long enough.

Sure enough there she was with a few men competing for her competition. She looked to having a good time, and they looked quite eager to take a peek under her clothes(I know I was, I had been looking forward to this night for a long time)

I walked right up to her past a couple of guys who were taken aback from my boldness. I put my arm around her waist, and asked, "Hey babe, did you miss me?"

She smiled, and replied, "You know I did!" She poked my nose looking at me with a grin.

I leaned forward and kissed her briefly on the lips, "What do you say we close our or tab, and head out?" 

"I would love that." She told me.

While getting the bartender's attention, I opened up my phone, ordered and Uber to pick us up and take us to the hotel. During our ride we laughed about the guys trying to impress her, she told me about how much fun the night had been so far, and that she really needed to get out.

We get to our hotel, and leave our ride. On our way to our room she tells me she regrets not going to the bathroom back in the bar. We get in the room, and she excuses herself to the bathroom. While she was in their I walked over to the table, picked up the "Do Not Disturb Sign", and hung it on the outside of the door. Walked around the room a bit, and emptied my pockets onto the nightstand. 

She emerged from the bathroom and started giggling.

I smiled, and asked "What are you giggling about?".

"Oh...I'm just remembered all of those guys blatantly staring at my tits back at the bar." She answered.

"Well, I think now seems like a good time." I thought to myself.

I walked up to her, and didn't stop walking pushing her up against a wall.


She looked me in the eyes and said "Ooo, I like this!"

I brought my hand up to her neck getting a solid grip and in an angered tone said to her, "Oh do? Do you fucking this?" I tightened my grip around her neck, "You like to dress like a fucking slut, and tease men huh?"

She looked at me with a panicked look in her eyes, most likely from my very abrupt change in tone and mood.

"I asked you a question, you fucking slut! You fucking answer me when I'm talking to you! Do you like showing off your fucking tits and ass, and flirting with men giving them false hope?" I demanded from her raising my voice.

She nodded and eased my grip from around her neck long enough for her to gasp and reply with a short, "Yes, I do."

"You filthy whore." I said shaking my head. I brushed her long blonde hair from her face and kissed while still holding onto her neck.

I dropped my hand from her face down to her breasts, and started to fondle her breasts. She responded by grabbing my hips, and pushing her own towards me. I took my hand off her neck, broke the kiss, squeezed her breast harder, and slapped her across the face. I looked in her eyes and asked, "You're loving this aren't you, you fucking slut."

"YES!" she said with a crazed look in her eyes, her cheeks red and flustered, she was breathing heavily.

I slapped her, she moaned, and I slapped her again. "FIlthy cockteasing whore." I growled at her, "Get on your fucking knees whore!"

She couldn't have dropped to her knees any faster, and reached for belt. I slapped her hard and yell at her, "Oh so now you're not a fucking cock tease are? You're just a big titted cock hungry slut aren't you?"

"Yes! Give me your cock!" she cried out looking at me with desperate, thirsty eyes.

I undid my belt, unzipped my fly, and pulled my cock out. Her jaw dropped, and her hand reached for my 8 inch long 6 inch girth cock. I slapped her hand away, and pushed her head against the wall. I grabbed my cock by the base and began to her hit her face with heavy thuds on her forehead, lips, and cheeks. I grabbed her face and tilted it up towards me, and lay my cock on her face covering from her chin to above her forehead. She responded by sticking her tongue out and licking my balls. 

I grabbed a fist full of her hair, and pulled on it hard. She yelped and sat up higher on her knees. I grabbed my cock and aimed the head towards her mouth, and pushed forward into her lips. She opened her mouth wide to accommodate my size. I pushed further, my shaft sliding over her tongue, and hitting the back of her throat. She choked and gagged, but I didn't stop pushing. "Fucking cock sucking whore, I don't care if you choke to death, you're taking my cock down your throat!" I groaned.

She put her hands up on my hips, I expected her to try to push away so I placed my other hand on the side of her head. However she reached around and pulled me into her throat, fighting past her gag reflex until my balls were against her chin. I pulled back until just the head of my cock was in her mouth. She started inhaling as much as she could through her nose, and circled her tongue around my cock resting in her mouth. She looked up at me, her eyes red, her makeup running in black streaks down her face. She was actually smiling at me. She looked like such a beautiful, busty, blonde cocksucker. I was glad she was having fun, but I didn't want to ruin the mood. I gripped both sides of her head and began to fuck her face/throat with slow and deep strokes.

"You love this don't you, you dirty big titty whore?", I said as I fucked her face.

"Mhm ah hoo." She hummed around my cock.

I grabbed the front of her top, and pulled it down ripping it exposing her bra. I reached into each up and pulled out her heavy tits. I felt nipples piercing as I pulled her fat tits out. Her nipples puffed out, they looked like eraser tips with little silver bars sticking through them. Spit fell from her mouth, down her chin, and onto her tits as I picked up the tempo of the throat fucking.

I closed my eyes, and just pumped away at her mouth thinking how lucky I am to be here. after a short while I heard her moaning. I opened my eyes, and she hand her hands under her skirt with her panties down around her knees. This woman was actually playing with herself, as my cock was continually thrusting in and out of her throat. I pulled my cock from her mouth, and she just panted and moaned still fingering herself.

I yelled at her, "Who fucking gave you permission to play with yourself whore?"

She didn't say anything, she just looked up at me, smiled, and closed her eyes and she kept going. I slapped her in the face "WHORE! I didn't fucking tell you to touch yourself! Take your fucking fingers out of you now!" She pouted and reluctantly did. 

"Now grab your fucking tits, push them together around my cock, you're going to make me cum with those big, fat, slutty cow udders of yours!" I instructed her. I was close to cumming, so I knew I wouldn't last long between those beautiful tits. She kneeled there rocking back and forth in front of me, fucking me with her tits.

"Ugh...big titted fucking cow!" I groaned as I pulled away from her, grabbing my cock and jerking myself onto her face and tits. Rope after rope streaked her face, and covered her tits.

What a fucking mess! Her face red, her face stained with her makeup, her hair everywhere, covered in my cum, and her own saliva. We were far from done yet though.

I grabbed her by the back of her head, and she instinctively took me into her mouth and began sucking. I was still hard from being so turned on, I just needed to feel the warmth of her mouth again.

I took a fist full of her hair, and pulled my cock from her mouth. I stepped to the side of her then began to drag her forward and force her head down until she was on her hands and knees. I knelt down behind, pulled her skirt up and began to spank her ass. She groaned each time my palm came into contact with her. I stopped my spanking, and pulled her ass cheeks apart as I guided myself into her. She gasped as the head of my cock entered her, and pushed the first two inches in. I stopped movie, and she began to push back against me. I pulled out of her, and began to spank her hard. 

"No," I yelled at her, "If you want me to fuck you, you'll stay still you understand?"

"Yes," She whimpered.

I spanked her hard, " 'Yes', What? Where are your manners whore?" I asked before spanking her again.

"Yes, Sir." She replied.

"Good girl. Look at you, you filthy whore, cum on your face, your face stained with tear streaks from your whore make up, your fat pierced cow udders hanging down. You're just a dumb big titty whore made for nothing but taking cocks in your holes aren't you?" 

"Yes, Sir."

"Are you ready for some cock now?"

"Yes, Sir. Please!" She said eagerly.

"Well, look at you! The whore has learned her place, and some manners! I think you deserve a reward now." And with that I pushed myself back into her just a couple of inches before stopping again. I began to spank her ass again, until her cheeks were red with hand prints. I paused my spanking, and asked "Ready for more cock, whore?"

"Yes, Sir. Please give me more cock!"

I pushed another two inches into her, and began spanking her again. After a minute of continuous spanking, I asked if she was ready for more cock. she replied correctly, so I pushed in the next couple of inches. She was moaning, as I continued to spank her, I really didn't want to pull out of her so I held her hip down to remind her to stay still and started to spank her harder.

"Are you ready for all of my cock now, you fat titted cow?"

"Yes, Sir, I'm ready for all of your cock. Please fuck me!"

I pulled slowly out of her until just the head of my cock was in her, and slammed my entire length into her. She cried out at the intrusion, stayed still, and breathed heavily. "I think you've learned your lesson about being a cock tease now." I told her and began to fuck her with fast and hard thrusts.

She was moaning loudly, throwing her ass back onto me as I fucked her. I fucked her hard and spanked her welted ass, with beads of sweat beginning to form on my brow.

She stopped moving and started to moan loudly as she shook around my cock. I grabbed hip, and a fist full of her hair, and began to fuck her as hard as I could. I was going to fuck her through her orgasm, and bring her to another one. 


"FUCK ME!" She screamed, and she began rocking against me again. I could feel her vaginal walls continuously contract around me as I fucked her.

I was close to cumming again, I tried to hold out as long as I could, but I was at the point of no return. I pulled out of her as fast I could, pulled her hair back so she was kneels again and yelled at her, "OPEN YOUR FUCKING MOUTH!" Her mouth opened, and I thrust my cock all the way into her mouth, and down her throat. my knees buckled under me as I came into her stomach. I held her head in place, while I lightly fucked her mouth until I went limp.

I leaned down, tilted her face up, and kissed her on the lips. "That's a good girl." I told her, as I brushed her hair behind her ear.

She looked up at me with a smile on her face and said, "Thank you."