 Geoff lay on the beach looking up at the clear blue sky. He though how in different circumstances this would be the perfect view on the perfect beach. But as he sat up and looked at the wreckage around him he remembered all too well the horror of the night before. He remembered being awakened by the claxon and herded into lifeboats. It all seemed like a dream as he recalled the fear and confusion surrounding the wreck. 

He still did not know what had happened. He remembered watching the ship sink after the lifeboats had launched. He heard the officers counting passengers and the relief in their voices as all their charges had made it safely to boats. The sea had been rough as the lifeboats struggled to stay close to one another. So rough in fact that he remembered all too well most of the passengers heaving over the sides of the boat. He recalled with shame how he had wretched uncontrollably until there was nothing left in his stomach. 

That's when it happened, he remembered. He was leaning over the side, recovering from the latest wave of sea-sickness when the boat had been hit by a wave. The stern had risen up rapidly and thrown him overboard like a rag doll. He had clung to his vest and must have fallen asleep because he woke here on the beach without another sole in sight. He had pulled himself up off the beach and sheltered under a tree before the warm morning sun woke him. 

Now here he was. He felt unharmed and well. It was hard to believe that he had been through so much. He decided to take stock of where he was and what supplies could be found. He looked around the beach and found that he could easily survive for weeks if necessary. Rations and water purification kits had been tossed overboard along with him apparently. He even found a camping stove and tent in a chest marked "survival adventure". 

He spent most of the day putting together a campsite and gathering all the supplies he needed. He was surprisingly well equipped. He had more than enough supplies to keep him alive for a long time. He hoped he would not need them for very long. 

As Geoff surveyed his campsite and finished taking stock he realized he was in great shape for physical survival. He had even found some sunscreen. In the area of comfort he was a little less prepared. He had found a pair of water shoes that fit and kept him from cutting up his feet. He still had his robe that he had put on while rushing out of his cabin and he was wearing underwear but he could find nothing else in the way of clothing. Luckily this island was in the tropics and it was very warm even at night. He really had no reason to need clothes he just felt a little awkward wearing nothing but his underwear. 

As one day turned into the next Geoff began to explore his island little by little. He found fruit trees and abundance of fish to eat. He even found a freshwater stream nearby. It was on one of these trips that he found himself climbing a tree to see what could be seen of the island from the top. He climbed quickly up and surveyed the island. It was relatively small and he could catch a glimpse of the other side so he knew he could walk there. 

As he started back down it happened. One branch snapped beneath his foot as he fell off the supporting branch. He found himself suspended by his underwear as the fabric gave way. He quickly grabbed a branch as the last of the waistband broke; he clambered back down breathless and naked but unhurt. 

He went back to his camp and donned his terry robe, thankful to have it to cover him. But as the day wore on he quickly realized that the terry robe was far too hot to wear all the time. Reluctantly he put it in his camp and ventured out naked. The first day he was shy and kept near to bushes and other places to hide. But the next he found himself becoming accustomed to the feeling and by the third day he was oblivious to his nudity. Once again he explored further and further away from his camp. As he explored he began to find more items from the ship: a deck chair, an umbrella, a bottle of wine and even a can of caviar. 

One day when he had ventured the furthest yet, he found a footprint. It was smaller than his but very recent. He followed it. He began to hope that he was not alone after all. Then he saw someone in the distance and shouted "hello!" 

He began to move rapidly hoping they would see him. His heart leaped with joy as he realized the person had seen him. As they hurried towards each other he could tell that it was a woman wearing a white bathing suit and suddenly he remembered, he was naked. 

He quickly turned and hid behind a large bush as she ran towards him. "Oh my, I never thought I would see another person, are you from the ship? Do you have a boat? Why are you hiding?" She asked in a rush. "I don't have any clothes" he blurted out as she moved around behind the bush. 

"Oh" was her reply as he moved to keep the bush between him and her. "I don't care about that" I've been wearing a bra and panties for days. Do you have food? I'm starving." she said. 

At the mention of food Geoff quickly told her that he had all they could use and more. As he looked over the bush at her for the first time he realized how attractive she was. Her long brown hair was pulled back into a pony tail and revealed a shapely neck. Her neck lead to her shoulders and Geoff soon found himself staring at her large breasts which were barely contained within a tattered bra. It was so tattered that one nipple could be seen through a hole in the cup. As he looked further down he saw her stomach and hips and then her equally threadbare thong panties. 

He realized she was right. She was nearly as naked as he was but having looked at her he realized also that he had to stay hidden for another reason. He was now fully aroused from looking at her. 

"I'm really hungry; can we please go to your camp? She asked. 

Before he could answer she grabbed his hand and began to pull him out from behind the bush. When she caught site of his erection she giggled and asked "Is it always like that or are you just happy to see me?" He smile and laugh put him at ease and he lead her to his camp. 

As she neared his camp she could not believe his abundance. He had water and food and even wine. She ate and drank her fill while he sat in the deck chair and smiled and her. Oblivious to his gaze she filled herself until she could eat no more. Then she looked around at his surroundings finally at him. "Thank you" she said "I was afraid I would starve." 

She grabbed a chair and they talked. They shared their stores of the ship and the night of the wreck long past sundown. Geoff opened a bottle of wine for Lyn (he learned was her name) and they drank it together as they laughed at each other's stories. 

Lyn laughed until she had tears in her eyes when Geoff told her of falling out of the tree and losing his underwear. He laughed equally hard when she told of reaching down for a leaf to wipe herself and grabbing a snake instead. 

Finally they wore themselves out with tales and each began to yawn. Without thinking Lyn removed her bra and panties and lay down on his bedding. She pulled the parachute cloth he used as a sheet over herself. This thin silky cloth made her form even more erotic than it was before. The outline of her breasts and nipples were clearly visible in the soft light of the candles. His erection sprang to life immediately and there was no hope of concealing it. So he stood there staring at her and she stared back.  

She sat up allowing the silky cloth to drop from her shoulders. It hung deliciously for a second or two suspended from her now erect nipples before falling into a pile around her hips. "You know" she said in a lusty whisper "I'm still a little hungry." 

With that she leaned forward and licked the drop of precum forming on the tip of his cock. Geoff moaned in pleasure before gasping as she took it deep into her mouth. Lyn began to suck him deep into her throat then she pulled off and circled her tongue around the head of his cock before taking him all the way in again. She continued this action as she ran her hands up his thighs to fondle his balls. She toyed with the sensitive spot behind them each time she sucked him fully inside her mouth. 

She began to feel him tense as he began to throb and get even harder inside her mouth. She began to urge him on faster and faster while she sucked harder on his cock now flowing with precum. "I'm cumming" he cried as he tried to pull from her mouth but she took him deep in her throat and held his body tight against her with her arms. He came hard down her throat as she drank every drop. Then she sucked the remainder out of him before lettting his limp dick flop from her mouth. 

"Thanks again for the meal" she said as she smiled up at him. 

He smiled down at her. 

"You know", he said "I'm a little hungry myself." He knelt down in front of her slowly pushing her back onto the bedding. He gazed hungrily at her wet lips splayed open before him. Then he dived onto her lapping hungrily at her lips. His tongue expertly caressed and teased her lips before exciting her clit into erectness. 

Lyn moaned in pleasure as each lick with his tongue excited her more bringing her all to quickly to the feeling of a massive orgasm rising within her. She could not slow the tide even if she had wanted to as he licked and teased her clit into ecstasy. Lyn's moans turned into a scream of pleasure as she came, pulling Geoff's face harder onto her clit before pushing him away. 

By now Geoff had become aroused again and rose on his knees. Parting her thighs he gently entered her hot moist cunt still quivering from its recent orgasm. He was the one to be surprised as he pushed all of the way in and began to back out slowly. She held him to her tightly with her legs; her heel pressing against his butt. Then she began to grip him with tight contractions moving up and down the length of his cock. He moaned in surprise and pleasure as her cunt began to milk him. 

The pleasure was not his alone though as delighted as she was at his reaction to her "skill" she was barely able to contain the effect that his thick head was having inside her as it throbbed against her g-spot. Each time she squeezed him with she was rewarded by her own burst of pleasure. 

They lay together motionless on the outside but inside her was a flurry of activity as she squeezed his hard cock with her muscles and he throbbed in response. Without moving they brought themselves closer and closer to orgasm until at last they came together in loud moans. He filled her with his hot cum while she milked him in spasms of joy. Finally they collapsed and fell asleep in each others arms. 

They awoke the next morning in each others arms. Geoff got up first and began the morning chores to set the camp in order. He went to a bush he knew nearby and found the nest of a wild chicken he knew was there. It was a good day; there were two eggs. He came back to camp and made breakfast for Lyn. Eggs and canned ham with coffee were like heaven to her. She had been struggling to find enough nourishment on her side of the island now he provided all she needed, and more. 

She pretended to doze while she watched him whistling and working around the camp, comfortable in his nakedness. She decided to get up and not put what little clothes she had back on. 

Thus began the days that followed. They became more comfortable with each other, their own bodies and the process of survival. Their newness to each other did provide ample opportunity for arousal at the most unusual moments. Once while she was digging for a clam in the beach he watched her naked bottom poking up in the air while she was on her knees digging. He became so aroused that he crept up behind her and they made passionate love doggy style, totally forgetting about the clam. 

Once when he was napping his cock began to grow in his sleep and, fascinated, she watched it until it became completely erect before she reached over to him and took it into her mouth. She was never sure if he woke up before or during the orgasm that filled her mouth. 

One morning as they made ready for the day, they heard a plane approaching. Curious they watched as it came straight for them. It waved its wings and dropped a small parachute with a box trailing blue smoke as it passed. The drop master was apparently very skilled as it landed only a few yards from their camp. 

Lyn and Geoff watched it fall and slowly approached the container. They opened the box to find their suitcases and supplies for cleaning up themselves (a portable shower, shampoos etc.). The instructions on the lid told them they had until 3 pm to be ready for their pickup. Luckily there was a watch included as they had no idea of the time. 

Standing on the beach now uncomfortable in their clothes they both took time to reflect on their stay. It really had been a survival adventure that was all the brochure had promised and more. They promised to see each other in the real world but both knew in their hearts that was unlikely. They kissed one last slow kiss before the boat came into view to take them home again.