 It's late Friday afternoon and Marian, getting an early start for the night, slowly turned her office chair and subtly parted her legs. Not too much just enough to pull his eyes. He was just another client who couldn't restrain from gazing at her lovely curves and she loved every second of it. Her nipples perked to attention upon his gaze. She knew he could see past the tops of her nylons to the white mound of panty. He may not be her prize for the night but getting him excited made her horny and that's what she needed right now. 

Marian stepped from the shower, carefully dried her long slender legs and the luscious curves of her firm body. She cupped both breasts, lightly bit her lower lip and fantasied about a big cock spurting cream all over them. Making good use of the tub she jelled and gently shaved her legs and crouch smooth as a baby's behind. She carefully trimmed around the remaining tuft of auburn hair between her panty line and slit. The thought of having a man's tongue down there sent a shiver through her hold body! Tonight she was going to get laid and not knowing who he would be just made the sensation all the more interesting. 

She reached for the smoke colored translucent blouse then hesitated! Shows too much? Why not? I have the Breasts! My nipples are nice and firm and their aureoles are perfect for this blouse! And, if some guy creams his pants just looking it would make my night! She pulled it over her shoulders sending shivers through her whole body as the silky material slide over her nipples. Down between her legs the excitement was already starting! Her hand cupped her crouch and she slid a finger through her slit. Then, raised it to her lips for a taste. Ummmm! It's commando tonight! (No panties) She slipped into a short black skirt and tugged it down carefully checking the length! Perfect! Just barely covers my sweet cheeks! She slipped on a pair of black spike heels. A little red vest like jacket that hangs open in the front made the package irresistible. 

The cab stopped out front. Marian popped the door, her skirt was hiked up yielding a crouch shot for some guys that were on the sidewalk. All their heads turned and then they even stopped to watch until she tugged the skirt down. She was so horny that giving each of them a blow job was not out of the question. 

She entered the club, a local hot spot which sported mostly young singles. Inside she surveyed the situation making note of any candidates for her erotic intentions. One guy at he bar was a remote possibility but there didn't seem to be many young studs. She likes young and vibrant because cum and lots of it was what she liked best. She didn't care if she got fucked but she wanted to see and taste cream quickly. The guy at the bar was in his 40's and her past experience told her that making him blow his first and maybe only load on her tits wouldn't be his thing. 

She knew all eyes were on her and she loved it. But, one - The older guy was talking to the cute looking barkeep and didn't seem to notice her! All that work getting ready and this guy don't even turn an eye! Well---She wasn't going to be ignored so she strolled over to the bar. Her unharnessed C's bounced with every step! It must have been ten steps to the bar and still no indication that he even noticed her. She slipped onto a stool leaving only one empty between them and then turned sideways so the jacket would gape open and give him a good shot of her nearly bare breasts. He was a coy one, and that raised him much higher on her list of candidates. Getting this one to blow his load was now a challenge, her ultimate satisfaction and the chance of failure made the chase all the more gratifying. 

The barkeep checked in and she ordered a "Fuzzy Navel". When she returned with the drink she told Marian it was taken care of! Marian looking puzzled, the barkeep nodded toward the guy! Marian raised her glass and the guy nodded. Her nipples hardened sending tingles through her body. This guy was worth the chase and she was determined to make him her trophy tonight! He was bald but other than that he had a well defined chest, under a fitted white shirt which accent his well shaped trunk. His casual slacks didn't hide his fit legs and if he got a boner there was no way he would be able to hide it. This was her prize and she was going to have him! 

She turned on the stool and casually parted her legs knowing that in the dark room her pussy would be left to his imagination. Then offered "I'm Marian – Thanks for the drink" He turned toward her and responded "Jim - Jim Beam; and it's my pleasure! Nice to meet you! Now- If you'd like to dance?" 

The live brass and string band was just starting a 60's slow one so Marian graciously excepted and slid off the stool. She tugged her skirt down then, while watching Jim's eyes, slipped out of her jacket. "Very good! We wouldn't want that to get in the way" Jim hinted as he took it from her hand and neatly folded it on her stool. This guy was coy, very coy, but there was no way he could hide the bulge in his pants! She smiled in satisfaction then slipped her arm under his and they slowly walked round the bar to the dance floor. Her nipples were hard as rocks and the wetness between her legs was starting to run down her legs.

He was just over six foot tall and she had to stretch to clasp her arms behind his neck but that was the way she liked it! Her breasts pressed to his chest and a leg rubbing his manhood they slowly swayed to the soothing music. Her skirt was riding higher and higher and the eyes of another guy told her that her cheeks were exposed to all. A smile crossed her face as Jim's hands reached down and gently clasp her ass. "We wouldn't want to show too much would we?" Jim whispered into her ear. He knew she was commando! She returned a low moan of pleasure. She could feel his manhood against her thigh and wondered how much cream was going to waste. After-all, he was at least 40 how much could he have? The music changed into a tango! They looked around and found themselves alone on the floor. 

Jim released his hold as she hers. He extended his arm and to her amazement he elegantly flowed into the tango with sensual moves that made her juices flow! Until now she thought she was in-control but with this guy she was putty to be molded by his every whim. Worse yet she was sure he knew it! As they danced her breasts bounced freely and her skirt hiked up reveling everything she had! He was showing her off and making the point that he had captured the prize. For the first time in her life she was out of control and everything from her head to her toes told her that she liked it! The tango ended with her back arched over his thigh and only the darkness hid her dripping pussy from the staring eyes at the table nearby. His strong arms lifted her to her feet. She tugged her skirt down offered her arm to Jim and they slowly bowed to the spontaneous applause. 

With out a word they walked to the bar, where Jim collected her jacket and held it for her to slip on. He dropped a twenty on the bar to cover the bill and they walked to the door. 

Both seated in his rental, Jim slid his hand up her leg and palmed her sopping pussy. Without words his eyes asked "Where do we to go to take care of this problem?"

"My place is across town if that's ok" She whimpered. "It's you place then" he replied. He removed his hand and started the car. She was so hot and ached for his fingers in her pussy! But, now while he was driving she could get back in control!

Marian unzipped his pants and slid her hand up and down his rigid cock. He knew what she wanted and guided her finger tips through the opening in his shorts. She took his manhood and carefully worked it out of his pants. His cock wasn't that big but something down there was causing the bulge she was watching in the bar. Letting his cock standing straight up she slipped back in and fond his massive balls. They were like baseballs in her small hand. "I think I've found what I was looking for" she whispered as she fondled them. She looked down to see a pearl of pre-cum on the tip of his cock! She lowered her head and sucked it off like it was a cherry on top an ice cream sundae. His cum was like honey in her mouth and she wanted more, lots more! She would have jacked him off right there but they were close to her apartment. 

Jim took the keys from her trembling hand and opened the door. She stretched to clasp her hands behind his neck and again pressed her hungry breasts against his firm chest. His foot pushed the door shut just as their tongues met in an open mouthed kiss that sent tremors through both of their bodies. His hands grasp her bare ass and he lifted her off the floor. She clasp him with her legs before he pinned her to the wall. His manhood was grinding against her mound. It felt so good! 

Oh my God! What am I doing! I never let a man have his way with me, not like this! Not before I've wasted him! Then maybe if he was a good boy I'd let him wank me, sometimes I'd even let him eat me! But, But not this way. She turned her head and whimpered, "Not now! Not this way! Please" 

He gently released her and backed away. "Ok - Your way then!" he said! She stepped forward. She wanted him but was scared to be so out of control. He was giving her the time she needed. She groped at his belt and soon he was stepping out of his trousers. His shirt was next. Jim just stood there in his long leg briefs and socks. His bulge was massive and she had to expose her prize. She dropped to her knees and stripped his briefs to the floor. As he stepped out of them she took each of his massive balls in a hand. 

"May I remove your jacket and blouse?" he politely requested. "Oh – Yes! I'd like that" she faintly replied but she was mesmerized by his massive balls. He reached down and guided her shoulders upward. As she stood he slid the jacket off and then with one hand he flipped open each button of her blouse while the other hand dropped her skirt. It was only seconds and she was naked putty in his arms. He lifted her in his arms and carried her to the bed! 

She laid back with feet on the floor and her firm breasts pointing to the ceiling. The glow of her passion was exposed by the night light in the hall. He kneeled on the bed and eased himself up until his balls hung between her tits. She took them in one hand and his cock in the other. "Waste me!" he whispered. How did he know? How could he know that she got off by stroking or sucking until she wasted all they had? No matter! She wanted his balls to explode and he was going to let her do it! 

She rolled his balls and stroked his cock slowly at first and then faster. Soon he was trembling. Then his sack snapped tight around his balls! This was it she took two fingers behind his balls and stroked him from ass to sack. "Give it to me baby!" she screamed. He lowered himself and trapped her hand below her breasts. Then holding her breasts together he fucked them. Her hand felt the root of his cock swell and then like a hose she could feel his cum force its way through his cock! His first spurt blew on the back stroke and slimed between her tits then the second spurt fired as his cock cleared her cleavage. Her face was covered. As he lifted she grabbed his cock and jacked every ounce of his cum unto her luscious breasts. 

His cock spent he slid back a little and gently pushed the glob on her cheek in to her waiting lips. Then with both hands he massaged his cum into her breasts. This was her way- waste a man just to see him cum! Then maybe she would let him finger or even eat her. Never before had she wished that his cock was in her pussy. But this guy was different! Her cunt was aching to be fucked and now she was sorry for wasting him! If she had just let him have his way her pussy would have been full of his cum and satisfied. He slid off! It was all over! She was going to have to finger herself when he left. 

But, Not so! He kneeled down on the floor, parted her labia with his fingers and gently stroked her sopping slit from hood to ass. "Feels so good!" She moaned with pleasure. Slowly his fingers slipped into her love hole. She met his efforts by raising up. Something was now pressing on her 'G' spot. She wasn't sure how his fingers could feel so good but she loved the sensation. When he put pressure on her mound she realized it was his thumb that tantalized her 'G' spot and his fingers were pressing hard on her mound. Her clit was excited beyond control and as he applied the pressure he would pinch it between his fingers. Her body was convulsing and she knew that she was going to climax for a man! 

Up until now she had only climaxed at her own hand. But, now! Now- O-Shit she had to PEE. "Dam - what the fuck! I can't pee I want to cum" she mumbled. "Let it go" He replied even though he didn't hear what she had mumbled. "I can't - I can't she screamed. "Just let it go!" he repeated. Then he opened his fingers and pressed down hard! "Fuck I'm going to PEE" she screamed "No your not! Just let it go!" he commanded. Her pussy lips were spread wide and their sensitive flesh was tantalized by the palm of his hand. Her clit was standing between his fingers and he was jacking it off like a little cock. Her "G" spot was swelling with sensational desire. She couldn't hold it! She PEED all over her self and climaxed at the same time! "Oh God! I can't believe I did that" she said as the convulsions slowly receded. "I peed all over you! I'm so sorry" she apologized.

"You didn't pee! You ejaculated! I wasted you!" Jim told her.

She slowly sat up and saw the thick yellow cream that had shot out of her pussy like she had a man's cock! "That was the best! I mean the Best I have ever cum!" And then she collapsed back on to the bed. 

He collected the sticky cum in his hands and gently massaged it into her breasts. She was spent and under his gentle hands she drifted into a deep sleep. 

When she woke he was gone! Something in the kitchen smelled good! Bacon! It was Bacon! He was cooking breakfast. She stumbled to her feet and wandered into the kitchen. There he was, naked, his cock swinging, cooking breakfast. She palmed her breasts. She was still naked too! As his eyes met hers she blurted "Again! O-God! I want to cum again!"