 She was my neighbour. The truth is I hardly ever saw her, but when I did my cock acted like that of an inexperienced boy. She was a photographer; who travelled all over the world in search of the perfect shot. I had seen some of her work in a gallery, the only way I could describe it would be saying it was sensual. The images always pulled on that gut instinct humans have for wanting to feel loved and cherished. 

Some were of women or men; clothed or nude, in all sizes, shapes and colours. Some were of couples, in various states of undress. One picture I particularly love is a black and white of a woman wearing nothing but a mans white oxford shirt, the first few buttons open. There is a faceless man standing behind her with his hand inside her shirt; caressing her breast. The look on her face is one of pure fantasy, like she’s imagining herself with a stranger. Endless possibilities. 

There has been many a night where I’ve fantasized about being that guy and my sexy neighbour wearing that shirt. I’ve had screaming orgasms while seeing myself unbutton the shirt, spread it open and devour her body. And since the set of self-portraits she has done, I know exactly what I would be feasting on.

But I knew it was never to be. We hardly even knew each other; we were only passing acquaintances thrown together because we were living next door. I often found myself staring out my bedroom window into her backyard to watch her while she was gardening or sunbathing. I’m sure I could’ve just walked up to her and started a casual conversation about anything and everything homeowners had to deal with on a day-to-day basis, creating more of a friendship. Get my foot in the proverbial door so to speak. To bad I didn’t have the nerve to do it. But as it turns out I didn’t have to, she came to me.

It happened on a typical Sunday; I was just finishing my regular workout. I had decided to do my cardio, once I’d worked up a particularly good sweat I called it quits and headed for the shower. Since the summer was an abnormally hot one and I didn’t have central air I was really looking forward to it to. So you can understand I was a little cranky at being delayed by some one knocking at my door. Who ever it was knew I was home, and wouldn’t give up until I answered. When I wrenched the door open I was a little shocked to see my sexy neighbour Brenna standing on my stoop.

She was staring at me like she was going to make a meal out of me, which only annoyed me even more. Forget that I secretly thought of her as my dream girl, forget that the look she was giving me and the way she licked her lips hungrily was slowly making the blood seep out of my head and into my cock. She had never made any inclinations of wanting to be friendly neighbours, so this unexpected visit told me that she must want something. I decided if she wasn’t going to say anything I was going to get the over with.

“If you’re just gonna stand there staring at me I’m gonna shut this door and go back to my workout.” I guess the sharpness of my tone knocked some sense back into her because her eyes lost that cloudy look, focusing on me instead of my body.

“I’m sorry. That was rather rude of me wasn’t it,” her voice was still husky from her obvious arousal. As she continued to state her reasons for calling I openly appraised her body. She had great tits, and her nipples were hard little buttons straining against her tank top. Not from cold either. She was petite, but had lush curves. Curves of a woman not some toothpick model. I found myself wondering if her tits would fit perfectly in my hands, or if her ass was as firm as it looks. I let my gaze travel over the sarong style skirt she was wearing and settle on her ankles. She was wearing a silver ankle bracelet. For some reason I thought that was the sexiest thing I’d ever seen. I wondered how she’d look wearing only that. I suddenly realized she was waiting for me to answer her question.

“I’m sorry, what was that?” I asked, hoping my lack of attention hadn’t pissed her off.

“I asked if you wouldn’t mind coming over later today. I have a few pieces of heavy furniture that I need to move out of the room I’m going to use for my studio. I’d be willing to compensate you for your time of course.” 

Her voice was cool and very professional. If I didn’t know better I’d have pegged her as an ice bitch. But I did know better, I’d heard it often enough when she had left her bedroom windows open. I gazed into her eyes, a slight smirk on my face and told her that it wasn’t a problem. I told her I’d be over in an hour or so. She nodded and headed back to her place. I watched that sweet ass of hers the whole way. Running upstairs to have my shower, I thought of all the wonderful things I could ask for in compensation for my help.

It had been over 4 months since I’d felt a woman under me. I wouldn’t have been surprised if I had calluses’ on my right hand from jacking off so much. The thought of getting her in bed was too much for me to handle. Despite my cold shower my cock was rigid and purple. I decided to let the poisons out before going over there and as I stroked my cock I imagined it sliding in and out her warm mouth, her hand griping my balls. It didn’t take long for me to cum. When I finished dressing I grabbed something to drink and headed out over to her place.

It took us a good three hours to move everything. I wondered how she managed to even get the large desk and other pieces into the room. They seemed to weigh more than a truck! By the time we were finished I was in desperate need for some thing to drink. Sensing my need she asked if I wanted a beer. 

“I would kill for one.” I said, wiping sweat from my brow with my forearm.

She was a little out of breath; it only made her sound sultrier in my opinion. ”Um ok, why don’t you go out onto the patio? I’ll bring them out there. Are you hungry at all? Cuz I have some fruit I could cut up.”

“Yeah. That would be great.” Yeah I was hungry, but she had no idea for what. We both went our separate ways, her to the kitchen and me to the patio. She had two lounge chairs with cushions on them under a nice umbrella, a perfect place to kick back and relax. I flopped down onto one and put on my shades. I was so relaxed that when she came out with a plate of watermelon and two cold ones I was almost asleep. I felt something cold and wet touch against my bicep, bringing me out of my doze. When I looked up at her as I accepted the drink I could swear that that look of glazed passion had been in her eyes. She was licking her lips again too, and her nipples were hard again. There was no way I was going to pass up on what could turn out to be a great afternoon. Snagging her wrist I pulled her down beside me on the chair. She looked amused and panicked. 

Keeping a firm hold on her wrist I took the beer and put it on the deck. When I came back up I skimmed the back of my hand over her left nipple. Her pulse jumped, and I could see her pupils dilate. I dipped my fingers into her shoulder length locks, massaging her scalp, pulling her towards me.

“Now, about that compensation.” I asked softly. She was practically leaning on my chest, her lips only inches away from mine. Her eyes at half-mast, shuddered by lush lashes. She trembled before answering.

“What did you have in mind?” her voice soft and husky. Like a cat purring.

“How bout a taste first?” I said as I bit her lower lip. She tasted sweet, like watermelon and something darker. I wondered if the rest of her body was half as sweet as her mouth. I took my time, tracing her lips with the tip of my tongue. When I dipped deeper insider her she gasped, but didn’t pull away. Her hands were on my chest, I could feel her nails biting into my skin, her thigh pressed up against my leg.

I was just contemplating in moving her onto my lap when she went wild. Before I knew what was happening she had ripped my shirt open and was biting my lip. Her hands were cruising over my upper body, scoring my flesh with her nails. Going with the flow I grabbed her by the hips and lifted her to straddle my thighs. I untied the knot at her hip holding her skirt on. My hands shot up under her tank top to squeeze her breasts. I had an uncontrollable urge to lightly bite her nipples, make them hard and red. 

I tore my mouth away from her, pushed her top up and dove in. She tasted slightly salty, smelled of flowers. It sent me over the edge. Like her I lost control. I kneaded her tits hard, lightly bit at her nipples and then licked away the marks. As I buried my face between her breasts my hands tore open her skirt revealing her thong panties. My hands cupped her ass, my fingers pushed under the back of her panties… roaming lower until I could feel her wet lips.

Her hands roamed down my chest, over my stomach. I felt the button on my shorts give way, my zipper going down. Her hand closed around me, freeing me from my confinement. She was making little sounds of pleasure in the back of her throat as she measured me; she stroked me, rubbing her thumb over my tip. Her other hand was inside my shorts, squeezing my balls. I looked at her face; her eyes were glazed. She was licking and biting her lower lip as my fingers worked into her hot cunt.

“You like my fingers in there don’t you?” I asked. I had pulled the thong of her panties over to one side of her firm ass. Two of my fingers were deep inside her pussy, my thumb pressing against here tight asshole. She moaned and tried to push down on my fingers as I started to ease out of her. “You want them back in there, you’re gonna have to tell me.”

“Hmm yes, please fuck me. You don’t know how long I’ve been watching you. When you’re out in the yard I watch your hands. I’ve wanted them on my body, I’ve wanted to feel them.” As I pressed my fingers into her again she started to fuck them at her own pace. As I watched her climb towards orgasm I pulled on her hair, arching her back. My mouth sought her tits; her hands dove into my hair holding me against her. 

I realized that I wanted to feel her spilling over me as she came. I pulled my fingers free, much to her disappointment. Before she could complain I grabbed her ass and lifted her onto my cock. As I felt her close around me I thought I was gonna lose it right there… she was so tight, hot and wet. I started to fuck her hard, pushing her closer and closer to the edge. My hands gripped her ass, spreading the cheeks wide. My middle finger pressed against her anus. Her nails were biting into my shoulders as she rode me hard.

She was screaming her pleasure and when she finally came I felt her hot juice spill over me, down my shaft and over my balls. Hearing her, finally seeing her, as I’d always wanted to see her sent me over the edge. I told her I was going to cum, she jumped off me and took me in her mouth; deep throating me as I spent myself; swallowing every drop.

“Fuck. Brenna anytime you want my help moving something don’t hesitate to ask.” My whole body was twitching as she cleaned me off. I was already thinking of what I would do to her in round two. But before I could suggest anything she got off me and grabbed her skirt. Her panties wear still off to the side, giving me a great view and making my mouth water.

She gave me a look, cool and calm. None of her passion left to show. She said, “I don’t think I’ll be needing you anymore. Thanks so much. I’m sure you can find your way back home.” And with that she just walked back into the house. I was stunned. It took me a few minutes to come out of it. When I did I was furious. If that little slut thought she was going to use me she had another thing coming.