 High school was a great time. I had a ton of friends, played football, went to so many parties...it was the greatest time of my life! Even before we all started driving we would get driven around by my friend Rachel's mom. Mrs. Ashton was great. She never asked too many questions and we could call her from anywhere at any time and she'd come get us. Sometimes she'd even cover for us when we weren't where we were supposed to be and our parents got suspicious. She'd even get us beer and wine coolers on occasion.

Mrs. Ashton was a single mom. Her husband had run off when Rachel was a little girl so she brought Rachel up by herself. They were of modest means but they had their own home and cars. We all tried to help out where we could to show Mrs. Ashton how much we appreciated everything she did for us. We mowed the lawn, painted as needed, helped keep the car running.

She did a great job bringing up Rachel. She got a full scholarship to the state university an hour away. I even helped her pack the car before they left. It was a tough time for me. My parents couldn't afford to send me to college and I wasn't smart enough to get a scholarship. Almost all my friends left for school or the military at the end of the summer. My whole crew was gone and the people left were OK, but it wasn't the same.

I tried to help Mrs. Ashton with the house as much as possible. Fortunately we had gotten the place in pretty good shape over the last few years so most of what I did was maintenance like taking care of the yard or mending the fence. I spent some time with Mrs. Ashton talking about the old times and how we missed everyone, including Rachel. I was worried about her because she seemed so lonely now.

When fall came I would go over to rake up some leaves. Mrs. Ashton would always make me lunch and we would talk. I had always though she was a good looking woman but I started noticing her more around this time. Maybe she changed the way she dressed or maybe I just felt so close to her as we shared our loneliness. She was what you would call full figured. She was by no means fat, in fact her belly was pretty flat. But she had large, round hips and nice big tits. She stood about 5'5" with brown, slightly curly hair that went down to her shoulder blades. Her eyes were big and brown and lit up when she laughed.

I tried to visit or call at least once or twice a week to check up on her. When Rachel came home for Thanksgiving and Christmas, Mrs. Ashton seemed so much happier. She threw a huge Christmas party for the whole gang while they were all in town on break or leave. It was great for the gang to get together again!!

One morning about two weeks after Rachel went back to school Mrs. Ashton called me to tell me the light in the hallway wasn't working. She asked if I could come over and fix it for her. I rushed over figuring it was something easy hoping she'd make me lunch and we could talk. When I got there, I just walked in like I usually do but I didn't she her inside. I tossed my coat over a chair and looked around.

"Hello?" I said. Getting no response I went to the hallway and flipped the switch. The light came on. "What the fuck?" I mumbled to myself. I went over to the other end of the hall and tried that switch. It worked as well. Just then the door to Mrs. Ashton's bedroom opened. It startled me and I turned around quickly.

We looked at each other, both startled, and laughed nervously. Mrs Ashton was clearly right out of the shower wearing nothing but her robe. She stepped towards me as I stepped back and said, "The lights seem to be working OK." She was still walking toward me as I backed into the wall. She was now inches from my face looking me right in the eyes.

"Huh, how about that." she said as she brought her lips to mine. Being the smooth operator I was, I pulled away, terrified.

"Wh...wh...what are you doing Mrs. Ashton?" I nervously asked.

She brought a finger to my lips. "Ssshhhhhh. Settle down, Baby." She started unfastening my belt. "You don't call someone who sucks your cock by their formal name. Call me Shelly." She brought her lips to mine and kissed me deeply. As I nervously and awkwardly kissed her back I could taste the faint flavor of alcohol on her tongue.

"B...but you haven't su..." She pushed my pants down off my hips and they fell to the floor. She pushed her robe off while she looked up at me with a sexy, evil look and slowly dropped to her knees as we maintained eye contact. I watched as she took my stiffening cock into her mouth.

I was by no means a virgin. I'd even fucked Rachel in the room across the hall many times. But I was in no way prepared for the pleasure an experienced mouth could provide to my cock. She cradled my balls while her mouth expertly worked my shaft. She was slow, methodical. It was evident that she was enjoying this and was in no hurry for it to end. I was still coming to terms with the fact that one of my best friend's mothers was on her knees in front of me, naked, pushing her throat around my cock.

Her pace increased and my hands naturally fell to her head. "Mmmph...mmmhmmm." Her slurping and moaning just intensified my pleasure and before I knew it I started to cum. I held her head as I filled her mouth with rope after rope of my load. She just moaned and gently rubbed my balls as she swallowed.

My knees were weak as she rose to her feet smiling. She took my hand and pulled me into the bedroom. I had to shuffle because my pants were still around my ankles and my shoes were still on. I got a good look at her from behind. "What a great ass." I thought to myself.

She pushed me onto the bed and pulled off my shoes followed my pants. When she stood up I finally got to see her body. I was impressed with how perky her tits were considering their size. Nice quarter sized nipples that stood erect. Freshly shaven pussy. "Think you can help me out and take that shirt off?" I snapped out of my daze and pulled off my shirt as I felt my socks slip off, first one, then the other. I lay naked on my back on her bed.

She climbed on top and straddled me. Her hair fell around her face as she looked into my eyes. "Did you like having your cock sucked?" she asked.

"Huh huh...yeah!" I responded.

"Well, we are just getting started, Baby." she said as I felt her wet slit sliding up and down my semi erect cock. She dropped her body on top of me and kissed me deeply. I had settled down some and returned her kiss more passionately than before. I grabbed her tits and she curled her back so I could get to the nipples.

"Ahhhh...mmmm" she moaned as she leaned forward hanging her left nipple in front of my mouth. I eagerly took it into my mouth and sucked on it, running my tongue over it. This really seemed to get her going. Her breathing got louder. She switched sides so I did the same thing to her other nipple while I tweaked the free nipple with my fingers. I could feel her getting wetter as she continued to grind on my now rock solid cock.

She reached down and rubbed the head of my cock along her slit before pushing it inside her. She sat up and slowly slid down my shaft. She exhaled loudly when she finally bottomed out. She slowly rose and fell as she got used to me being inside her. She put her hands on my chest for support as she increased her pace and rode me. I laid back with my hands behind my head and watched as she fucked me.

Her boobs bounced up and down and she grabbed them, rolling the nipples between her fingers as her orgasm hit her. Her hands fell back to my chest as she shivered. I reached up and played with her tits trying to help maximize her pleasure. She collapsed on top of me in a sweaty heap, panting when she had finished cumming.

I gave her a few minutes to gather herself. I loved how her boobs felt pressed to my chest. I could feel her heart beating as her body heaved up and down. I ran my hands down her back to her ass. I cupped her cheeks and gave them a squeeze. They were quite firm and her skin was so soft. She let out a moan as I ran my hands over her. Still inside her, I wanted more.

I rolled her over slowly. I looked down at our joined bodies and slowly withdrew my cock. I had never had sex without a condom and I was loving how it felt. My cock looked so sexy sliding out of her shaved pussy! I thrust back into her so I could watch it slide back out again. Her tits would jiggle when I would thrust into her.

"Fuck me, Baby!" she said. I just looked at her and smiled. I started to fuck her hard. I loved hearing her grunt as squeal as our bodies met. I would slow down when I felt my balls begin to tighten then speed back up again as the sensation faded.

Her eyes were closed and she was pushing her tits together when I felt her tighten her pussy around my cock. Her body quivered again as she cooed in ecstasy. Feeling her hot, wet pussy quiver around my cock was more than I could handle. I thrust into her as deeply as I could and I unloaded my balls deep within her womb.

I fell onto the bed next to her and tried to catch my breath. She rolled over and put her head on my shoulder. "That was amazing!" she whispered breathlessly into my ear as her hand roamed over my chest.

I must have dozed off for a little while because at one point I realized I was alone. I crawled out of the bed and put my boxers on after finding them on the floor. I went to the bathroom and took a piss then went looking for Shelly. I found her in the kitchen with her robe on in front of the stove.

"Hey sleepy head! I was just about to come get you. I made you some grilled cheese for lunch." she said as I wandered into the kitchen.

We sat down to eat. We were quiet at first. Shelly broke the silence. "Are you OK with what we just did?"

I looked at her in disbelief that she would even ask me that. "Uh...yeah!!" I said shaking my head with a bit of a giggle.

"Good. I've been wanting to do that for a while but I wasn't sure how you'd feel about being with an old lady like me. Is...is it something you'd like to do again?" she asked nervously.

I didn't know how to answer without sounding like a total dork so I just grabbed her by the back of the head and pulled her to me. We kissed deeply. When the kiss broke I noticed her face was flushed and she had a sexy little grin on her face.

I headed home after lunch replaying the events of the day in my head. It all happened so quickly. I wondered how long she had wanted to take me like that. It didn't really matter though. I was turning 19 in a couple of weeks and I was banging a woman twice my age. I didn't know where things were going but I knew it was going to be fun. I had no idea what the future had in store for me.