 When I arrived at Hickory Run, an artists' colony in New York State, my intent was to have a two week writing retreat with no distractions so I could finish my novel. The setting was perfect—a small log cabin tucked in a grove of trees with a view of Indian Lake. Each cabin, however, had two separate apartments. For a hundred dollars more a week I could have had a cabin without an adjoining space, but, as it was, I could barely afford this luxury. Fortunately, the apartment next to mine was empty and I was eager for complete solitude. 

There were ten other cabins surrounding the lake—each fairly far apart. The only telephone was in the main house where they also had a small dining room where you could have a continental breakfast if you paid the extra fee. I brought my own food and stocked the cabin's refrigerator with breakfast and lunch stuff—eggs, bread, cans of soup and peanut butter. I also brought a bottle of Jack Daniels and a few bottles of wine. I noticed a small café in a nearby town and a general store, so I knew I could re-supply if wanted to, or treat myself to a dinner at the café. 

Each cabin had a fire place, a sofa, a desk, a small kitchen, a tiny bedroom with a double bed—that was it—simplicity. The small porch had a large stack of fire wood and some kindling. It also had two rocking chairs—in case you had someone stop by for conversation. I got myself into a routine of getting up at 4:30, making a pot of coffee, having a little toast and writing from five in the morning until about ten. Around 11, I'd take a break and walk along the path at the lake for some exercise. I'd see smoke coming from several of the cabins across the lake, but for the first three days, I didn't see another person. I took another walk after dinner and then sat on my porch with a glass of Jack or some wine and think about my novel and how lucky I was to be here in such a beautiful spot. It was late September and the leaves were just beginning to change. It was warm during the day and chilly at night.

While I was writing the fourth morning, I heard a car drive up and park in front of the next door cabin. I went to the window and saw a woman getting out of her jeep then carry her laptop and big backpack inside. 

At first I was annoyed that someone was going to be next door, but when I noticed how attractive she was, I wondered whether she would become a distraction. She looked to be in her thirties. She had tight faded jeans, a heavy wool flannel shirt and a baseball cap over long brown hair that came down past her shoulders. When she came back to her jeep to get a few more things, I could not take my eyes off her round ass in her tight jeans and knew I was going to have a hard time concentrating on my work with someone so sexy next door. 

I was determined however, to not let anything stop me from finishing my novel while I was here and made a promise to myself—don't let this woman distract you from your work. I went back to my laptop and was able to write all afternoon then made myself some soup for dinner and took a long walk along the lake. 

I hadn't heard a sound from her side of the cabin and didn't see her after that first glimpse. After my walk, I sat on my porch for an hour, looking out over the lake and thinking about my book. It was getting late so I decided to get into bed and read for awhile before going to sleep. 

While I was lying bed, looking up at the ceiling, the quiet was shattered by her screaming coming through the wall, "Ohhhhhhh! Yes! Fuck me! Fuck me! Harder. Come on, baby, give it to me harder. Ohhhhhhhhh yes, Fuck me Fuck me!"

I wondered whether she was alone and masturbating or did someone come to visit her while I was out walking. 

"Give me that cock, baby," she screamed. Her hot shouting was getting me aroused. "Fuck me, god damn it. FUCK ME!" 

In my wildest dreams I never imagined I would be in a situation like this.

'Ohhhhhh god, yes, Harder. damn it. FUCK ME! FUCK ME!"

My cock got hard, aroused by her screams through the wall. I closed my eyes and imagined I was fucking her. I grabbed my cock and started jerking off faster and faster, responding to her shouting, "GIVE IT TO ME. HARDER! HARDER!" My hand was moving over my cock faster and faster and I felt my sperm rising. I shouted out, "I'M CUMMING! I'M CUMMING!" as gobs of sperm shot out of my cock "I'M CUMMING! I'M CUMMING!" 

If I could hear her through the wall, I was sure she could hear me because I heard her shout in response, "CUM IN ME! THAT'S IT BABY! FUCK ME!" 

After I exploded, I lay back in my bed wondering if she was aware what just happened and where this would lead. 

The next day, I started in on my routine, took a break about noon and my walk right after lunch. When I returned, she was on the porch with her laptop writing. She looked up at me and smiled. I nodded hello and went into my cabin. I was determined not to let her presence or what happened last night, interfere with my writing. 

I was just getting down to work, when there was a knock on my screen door. I looked up and saw my neighbor and said, "Come in."

She was wearing the tight faded jeans, a white T shirt and no shoes. I could see her big tits straining the T-shirt. 

"Sorry to interrupt. I won't be long. I just want to say hello."

"That's nice of you." I said, not sure if I should ask her to sit or not.

"I'm Angel," she said. "What's your name?"

"Thom," I said. "Thom with an h," I added. "Glad to meet you, Angel." 

After an awkward silence, she said, "Well, I guess we heard each other last night." 

"Yes," I nodded. "The walls are pretty thin."

"I didn't mean to disturb you," she said, "but I was writing and got myself pretty horny."

"Really. What are you writing?" I asked. 

"I write Chick Lit," she said. And I sometimes get carried away."

"What's Chick Lit?" I asked, though it wasn't hard to figure it out. I just didn't know what else to say. 

"It's a kind of new market, you know, books for young women that's one rung up on romance novels—much hotter."

"I see, so it's kind of like Literotica—an on-line site," I said. 

"Yeah," she said. "I've had stories on there, but I get paid for these books. I'm working on a second novel right now."

"How about you, what are you writing?" 

"It's definitely not Chick Lit," I said. "It's an historical novel for young adults about the Revolutionary War."

"Cool," she answered. "Wow!" 

Again, there was an awkward silence as we looked at each other. I could see her nipples poking through her thin T-shirt, but kept looking away so she wouldn't notice. She smiled at me.

Finally, she said. "That was pretty hot last night, you jerking off and cumming while I was fucking myself."

I was stunned by how blunt she was. I did not respond but saw how she was smiling and looking at my eyes. "Sorry to shock you," she added, "I say what I think," she said. 

I just looked at her unable to think of a word to say, but there was something in the way our eyes met and how she smiled, that said more than words.

"Well, I better go," she said, turning and went to the door to leave. I still hadn't spoken but could not take my eyes off of her round ass in the tight jeans and thought to myself, "God damn, she's sexy." 

At the door, she looked back at me over her shoulder, waved a goodbye with her hand and smiled. "See you later, Thom," she said, seductively. Looking at her, I felt my cock get hard and knew the two of us were going to have an adventure. 

I had a tough time getting back to work, thinking about what had just happened. I went to the door and saw Angel writing on her laptop and went back to my laptop and managed to get back into my novel. I was determined not to let her distract me from my writing. 

After dinner, I took my evening walk and sat out on my porch. I could see a lamp on in Angel's cabin. I had a glass of Jack Daniels and was sipping and looking out at the lake. About a half hour later, Angel came out. She must have just taken a shower because her hair was wet and she was wearing a short flowery kimono that was loosely tied at the waist and barely covered her ass. She was bare footed and I noticed how long and well-toned her legs were. 

It was getting dark and she did not see me at first. When she turned and saw me on my rocking chair, she came over and asked what I was drinking. 

When I told her it was Jack Daniels, she said, "I'd love some. Do you mind sharing?" She took my glass, sipped and handed it back. 

"There's more," I said. "Would you like a glass?" "Sure." she said. I'd love a glass."

 When I returned, Angel was sitting on the other rocking chair. Her legs were crossed and the short kimono was barely covering her crotch. 

"How'd the writing go today?" she asked, taking a sip of her drink. "Fine," I said. "How about you--did you get much done?" I asked. "Yeah, I did, but I stopped just before a real hot scene. I like it to percolate in me before I write then it just pours out like steam," she said.

She took a big swig of her drink and put the glass down on the floor. She looked at me and smiled. "Let's get stoned, I have some dynamite weed."

"I don't know," I said. "I haven't smoke pot in years."

"Oh come on. It'll do you good to let loose. It'll help your writing too," she added. "And this is a perfect spot to get fucked up." 

"Okay, what the hell," I said, "Why not?"

"Cool," she said and got up and went into her cabin and returned quickly with a rolled up joint.

She sat down on the edge of her chair, lit it, took a deep hit and handed it to me. I coughed at first and handed it back to her and then took another hit and another. Before I knew it, I was stoned. We were talking and laughing. She told me she was thirty four and just broke up with a guy. I told her I was sixty-two, divorced and live a pretty simple life in a cabin in Maine.

She had a Masters degree in English and was a graduate assistant for a few years but quit so she could write. She worked as a waitress in a small town outside of New York City. She said she always wanted to come to Hickory Run since she heard about it from another writer. So she saved and gave herself two weeks to finish her new novel. She made a little money from her first book which was titled, "Ravished." 

"Some title," I said. 

"Well, titles like that sell books," she said. "Anyway', it's a fantasy of mine to be ravished." 

"Have you ever been ravished?" I asked.

"Not really, or not like I'd like to be," she added, smiling at me. "But there's always a first time." 

She was leaning back in the rocking chair with her legs straight out and spread apart. Her kimono was barely covering her cunt and the nearness of visibility was tantalizing me. I kept looking at the edge of her kimono. I also leaned back in my chair with my legs straight out. We were both pretty stoned. 

She looked over at me and laughed. 

"What's so funny?" I asked. 

"My name," she said. "Angel. I don't know why my parents named me Angel because if you want to know the truth, I'm no angel. In fact, I love being bad. I fucked a lot in high school and college. I loved seducing guys and getting fucked."

She was looking me in the eyes while she spoke. I had never had a conversation with a woman like this and I wondered whether she was teasing me. If she was, it was working because between the pot and her words, I was getting turned on.

 About twenty minutes later, she reached into her kimono pocket and took out another joint. She lit it, took a hit and handed it to me. I'd never been so stoned in my life but was enjoying the slowness of everything and how completely relaxed I was. 

Angel had her legs straight out in front of her and was opening and closing them while we talked. Her kimono had risen and I could now see her shaved pussy. She knew I was looking at her crotch and she was looking at the big bulge in my jeans. 

We were both stoned and horny, looking at each others eyes, then at each others crotches, not saying anything. I could feel my heart pounding and could see her tits barely covered by the kimono and how extended her nipples were. We sat there silently, teasing each other and wondering who would make the first move.

Finally, she stood up and came over to me. She straddled my legs, standing over me, her legs wide apart, looking down at me through smoldering eyes. Her loose kimono barely covered her tits. She then reached down, took my hands and pulled me up. She then started rubbing my cock through my jeans. She looked me in the eyes and had a devilish smile. 

"You want to fuck me, don't you?" she hissed.

She slowly unzipped my jeans, grabbed my cock and pulled it out. She then started rubbing the tip my cock on her wet cunt, taking charge as she moved it up and down and moaned. 

I then grabbed her ass and pulled her against me. I loved rubbing her firm ass and pushing my cock harder against her cunt. She looked me in the eyes and groaned, "Ummmmmm that feels so good."

She arched her back and moved her pussy lips up and down the length of my cock. I held her firm ass in my hands as our bodies ground against each other. "Ewwww I love how your cock feels on my pussy," she said as the intensity of our movements increased. 

Our eyes were focused on each other's eyes, enjoying the pleasure we were giving each other. 

"You really want to fuck me, don't you, Thom?" 

I just looked at her and moved my cock against her but did not speak.

 "Come on, Thom. Tell me you want to fuck me. Tell me what you want to do to me. Tell me!" Our eyes were looking hungrily at each other. 

Still. I didn't speak but just looked down at her, my hands grabbing her ass harder, pulling her against my hot cock. 

"Tell me you want to ravish me, take me, fuck my god damn brains out. Tell me, Thom! I want to hear you tell me you want to fuck me!"

Her demanding voice and dirty talk was exciting me. I had never had a woman talk to me like this and it was intoxicating. My silence was making her more demanding, feeding her fire, making her hungrier for my words. She ground her cunt harder against my cock, but I would not give her the words she wanted. 

This was a battle of wills. Rather than speak, I wanted to show her how much I wanted her. Suddenly, I let go of her ass, grabbed her arm and pulled her into the cabin, opening the screen door and letting it slam shut. My actions surprised her. "What are you doing?" she asked, surprised at how aggressive I became, as I pulled her into the bedroom. 

I still didn't speak, but took her to my bed, pushed her down. She was flat on her back. Her kimono opened, revealing her tits, her legs spread wide, her wet pussy exposed. She looked up at me, her mouth open. I took off my jeans and threw them across the room. She looked at my hard cock as I stood above her. I was like a mad man filled with lust. 

I stood between her wide open legs, my cock sticking straight out. She looked at it, then at my eyes. She knew what I was going to do.

"You want it bad, don't you Thom?" she yelled up at me. "You think you can just fuck me like I'm your little slut, don't you?"

I got down between her legs, my cock at her entrance when she started squirming and punching my chest. I grabbed her hands and pushed her arms over her head. She tried kicking me away.

"No way am I going to let you fuck me," she said. 

"Shut up. You know you want it!" I yelled. 

I let go of her arms, grabbed her ankles and spread her legs so that they were on my shoulder. I then got my cock on her pussy lips and started moving my cock up and down, teasing her. Her arms were still above her head, her tits standing straight up. 

"You want me to fuck you, don't you?" I said, taking her words. "Tell me to fuck you. Beg for it!" 

"No! Let me go, you bastard!" she yelled. 

I thrust my cock deep into her and then pulled out. She gasped and I felt her rise up to keep my cock in her.

"I know you want it bad. You want me to fuck you, don't you? You want me to ravish you—tell me, damn it. Beg for my cock. Say, give me your cock. Say it!" 

She managed to shake her legs loose from my grip, got on her hands and knees and crawled away from me on the bed. I went after her and pounced on her from behind. I was covering her with my body, my cock on the crack of her ass. She was lifting her body up trying to throw me off of her, but the more she bucked, the more she felt my hard cock on her ass.

I got my hands under her stomach and lifted her up on her knees. I got my cock at her pussy entrance and rammed it in her. She screamed, "OHHHHHHH" as my cock went deep into her with one hard thrust. 

"You like that, don't you?" I yelled as I pulled out and rammed into her again.

She pushed back as I thrust into her and I knew I had her. I pulled out and kept my cock on the edge, teasing her, wanting to drive her crazy. She turned her face to me and shouted, "COME ON AND FUCK ME!" 

"You want to be ravished, don't you?" I said, moving my cock up and down her wet cunt. 

'TAKE ME, DAMN IT, RAPE ME! FUCK ME HARD! I NEED TO BE FUCKED! GIVE ME THAT BIG COCK!"

 I flipped her on to her back and she wrapped her legs around me, her ankles at my ass and pulled me into her. I pounded into her, like a piston, ramming my cock into her as hard and as fast as I could. 

"OHHHHHHHYES FUCK ME FUCK ME FUCK ME" she screamed as I ravished her. I don't know where I got the strength or energy but I was wild with lust. 

"THAT'S GOOD. THAT'S IT! I'M THERE. I'M CUMMING," she screamed. "I'M CUMMING!" I loved how vocal she was and it inspired me to keep going and pleasure her. I could feel my sperm start to rise as I pounded her tight cunt. Her muscles were milking me and I knew I was on the verge of cumming. 

She could sense I was about to explode and screamed, CUM IN ME, BABY, GIVE IT TO ME. OH YESSSS I LOVE IT. FUCK ME!" 

We were both wild. She was lifting herself off the bed, arching her back doing everything she could to get my cock deeper in her.

Suddenly, I felt myself erupt in a thrill of sensation as gobs of sperm filled her cunt and I shouted, "I'M CUMMING" 

"GIVE IT TO ME!" she shouted as I collapsed on her and both of us just lay there completely spent, gasping for air. 

For minutes we couldn't speak. I rolled off of her and she put her head on my shoulder as we lay there, still unable to believe what wildness we had just experienced. 

After we lay there quietly, she got up on one elbow and looked down at me. "Let's make a deal," she said. 

"I'm listening." I responded, looking up at her.

"We both have work to do, right," she said. "So let's stay away from each other during the day and then surprise each other with a fantasy that we have—something secret like me wanting to be ravished. Tomorrow is your turn, what do you think?"

"Hmmmmm, sounds interesting," I said. "I think I can come up with something,"

"Cool. This is going to be fun." she said, laying back on the pillow and looking up at the ceiling with a devilish smile on her face. 

She then got up and out of bed. She tied her kimono, bent over, kissed me and said, "See you later, sailor," and left.