 Sherry Sokolowski began at Mueller and Mueller as a high school co-op student; a minimum wage job that was supposed to give the student some experience in a real-life job setting.

From the very beginning, she showed great promise. She had taken a number of accounting classes in high school and she was enthusiastic, charming as well as being a cute kid, in a cheerleader sort of way. 

She was supposed to assist Mildred, the firm's office manager, but it soon became apparent that Sherry was more competent and did a better job than Mildred. 

E. Paul Mueller was so impressed that when Mildred retired and Sherry graduated from high school, he offered her the job, full-time. At the same time, she was going to night school at the nearby community college, but she seemed to thrive on hard work. When she got her Associates Degree with a major in cost accounting, he gave her a sizeable raise and she had been running the office and charming its clients ever since.

It was late on a Thursday afternoon when the intercom in E. Paul Mueller's office buzzed.

"Yes?"

It was Sherry, "Mr. Mueller, Miss Bergmann is on line one."

"Thanks," he said, punching the flashing light on the phone. He also felt a little stirring in his groin as he thought about the last time he and Heidi had had a picture hanging party.

"Hello."

"Hi. Paul, it's me, Heidi."

"Hi, I'm so glad you called I was just going to call you and see if we could have dinner tomorrow evening."

"Oh Paul, I'd love to, but a modeling job has come up and I wanted to let you know that I am going to be out of town for two, maybe three weeks."

"Well, I'm happy for you, but I'll miss you at the same time. What's the job?" he asked.

"Three other girls and I, along with two guys are modeling for some ads and a catalog for a major swimwear company. It's really tough duty; we'll be shooting in Hawaii."

"Oh, well poor you. Should I worry about the two guys?"

"No, not at all. They are both a little light in their loafers, if you know what I mean. I know it's nasty work, but someone has to do it."

"Well, I'll miss you; a month is long time to go without getting one's ashes hauled."

"I think you ought to try tapping Sherry again."

"Oh, I don't think she'd have me now."

I'm equally sure she would. Give it a try, I believe she still has a big-time crush on you. If not, then, a series of cold showers, but I'm afraid I can't help you."

"I appreciate the advice; I hope you have a successful trip."

"Thanks, I'll call you when I get back."

"I look forward to it. Bye."

"Bye."

E. Paul sat at his desk, thinking for a moment and then punched Sherry's number on the intercom. When she picked up the phone he said," Sherry, after everyone has gone would you please come into my office?"

Yes sir, what is it?"

"I need to talk to you in private."

"Okay," she said rather thinly."

They both hung up and E. Paul went immediately upstairs and took down the picture of Heidi that he had hung just the other day. He put the picture in the closet, facing the wall. Its absence left two ugly screws sticking out of the wall. While their appearance offended him, he didn't have time to do anything about it right now.

Back in his office, at a few minutes past five, there was a soft knock on the door.

"Come on in."

Sherry Sokolowski stepped hesitatingly into the office.

"Come on in, I want to talk to you."

Just as she did, the phone rang.

"I'd better get that, Mr. Mueller," she said, picking up the phone and punching the flashing button.

"Mueller and Mueller, how may I help you?"

Pause. "Oh yes Mrs. Fulton." 

E. Paul waved frantically and shook his head back and forth. Mrs. Fulton was a royal pain and he was not in any mood to listen to her bitching.

"No, I'm afraid he's gone for the day."

Pause.

"No I'm sure the drive is up to specs. I happened to be at the jobsite when the contractors were pouring and I watched them do a slump test and it was perfect."

Pause.

"Oh you're entirely welcome Mrs Fulton. Why don't I send you a gantt diagram as well, so you'll know where we stand on your project. Not a problem and I'll let Mr. Mueller know you called. Yes, good bye." She hung up and turned her attention to her boss.

"How do you know about a slump test and a gantt diagram?" he asked.

"Oh I like to go out on the site sometimes and I guess I'm just just nosey. I'm always asking questions and stuff."

She sat in his side chair and he stood to speak to her.

"I was wondering how you felt about renewing our, uh... I'm not sure how to put it," he stumbled. "I mean whether you think we could keep our little secret, if we..."

Before he could finish, she jumped out of her chair and into his arms and wrapped her legs around his waist. "Oh yes," she squealed. "I know we could." She began kissing his face enthusiastically.

"Hey, slow down," he said. "I think we'd better set some ground rules, before we..."

"Later with the ground rules, I just wanna fuck." He was still holding her up when she started unbuttoning her blouse. "Come on let's get naked, we can use the conference room table."

When he set her down, she started to unbuckle his pants.

"Hurry, I am really, really horny."

She led him into the adjacent conference room and continued to undress herself and help him out of his clothes. She was short, not much more than five feet tall and what you would describe as 'cute'. Her body was compact; her breasts were small handfuls of firmness. He was somewhat surprised to see that she was not wearing a bra; not that she really needed one. He also noted that her nipples were already erect and hard. I'm soooo excited," she said as she rubbed her breasts.

They were both undressed in short order. 

"Ooooh my, looks like you're excited too, Mr. Mueller." She surprised him again when she reached down and gave his cock a squeeze.

He ran his hands over her body, across her chest and down her firm, flat belly. Her skin was smooth and soft to the touch. When his hand reached her bush, he was encouraged to find it already damp. He ran a finger up and down her slit and managed to slip it into her pussy with no problem. At the same time, his thumb found her clit and she let out a quick cry of delight. He moved his finger around inside her and he felt her clench the muscles of her cunt. 

She drew in a sharp breath and he felt her juices flow as she experienced a powerful orgasm. 

"Oh, Mr. Mueller, Mr. Mueller, that feels so good," she moaned. He thought he ought to tell her to call him something other than 'Mr. Mueller', but then thought that perhaps that would be helpful in keeping their affair quiet around the office, so he let it slide. 

"I want you so bad," she exclaimed. He almost said, "badly", but was glad he didn't. It was probably not the best time for a grammar lesson.

Paul realized that he had no need to warm her up any more. She threw her arms around his neck, and he picked her up and carried her over to the conference table. He set her gently on the edge. He spread her legs, while she gripped the edge of the table and slowly he eased his cock into her waiting pussy.

He leaned in to kiss her now, and she reached out and pulled him on top of her, his cock sliding deep inside her. As they locked lips, she tried to wrap her legs around him. She grunted a little as his cock went deeper. He felt that she was tighter than any girl he had ever screwed. Her need outweighed any discomfort she felt, and she pulled him into her, his dick stretching her tiny pussy.

When his balls finally slapped against her ass, he heard her exhale with a giant groan. He began to thrust in and out now, her well-lubed pussy still getting used to the length of his cock.

Her hands were locked onto his back, pulling him into her as she threw her head back and screamed her passion.

Paul kissed her neck as he continued to plunge into her hot box.

"Oh Mr. Mueller, it's so big. So good. Yesss fuck mmeeeee."

Her high-pitched yelping was getting E. Paul hot, so he sped up. As he sped up, she grabbed her knees and spread her legs even wider, her tiny tits bouncing every time his body slammed against hers.

Finally he felt her body writhing in ecstasy as he shot his wad and they both began to come down from their high.

Sherry's face was sweaty as she looked up at him, but she had a big smile on her face.

"That was fun," she giggled. "You really got me off Mr. Mueller," she panted. "Is there somewhere where can we clean up?"

"Certainly, follow me."

*****

He led her upstairs and they stepped into the shower together.

They let the water cascade over them, refreshing and revitalizing them.

She soaped up his cock and, as she did, she said, "When you called me into your office, you sounded so serious, I thought you were going to fire me."

"Fire you? Why would I do that? You're the best thing that has ever happened to this office. I don't know how we managed without you."

She blushed and giggled again. He was beginning to get used to that giggle and decided it was part of her charm. As she soaped up his genitals, it became more of a hand job than a wash job.

You had better be careful; I may cum all over your hand if you're not careful."

"That might be fun," she said as she started stroking faster.

He groaned as she brought him closer to ejaculation.

She squealed with delight as he shot a long rope of cum against the wall, then a second and a third. She milked the last few drops from his shrinking cock.

"Wow, that was quite a blast," she said, giggling some more. I suppose we should have saved that for my pussy." 

"I have something else for your pussy," he said, bending down to kiss her and sticking his tongue into her mouth as far as could. How would you like that in your pussy?"

"Ooooh, no one's ever done that to me."

"Well I think you'll like it," he said turning off the shower and grabbing a big bath towel off the rack. When they had dried one another E. Paul picked her up, yet again and carried her over to the bed. He deposited her on her back, and then knelt down on the floor in front of her.

She pulled her knees up to her shoulders and spread her legs as wide as she could. E. Paul looked down at her sweet, pink pussy and her soft, brown hair, sparkling with water droplets from their shower. She was quivering with anticipation and he could faintly smell her eagerness.

He began by kissing the inside of first one, and then the other thigh.

"Oh, yes, kiss it, Mr. Mueller, kiss it; suck it!" she screamed.

He ran his tongue along the length of her pussy and parted her pussy lips with his tongue. She screamed and threw her head back as he lapped at her cunt and slid his tongue into her as deeply as he could. He used a thumb to tickle her clit as he did so, to further stimulate and excite her.

She writhed and twisted in ecstasy as he kissed and licked his way up her body to her small breasts. She lost track of her orgasms. He kissed her and brought her back down to earth. She clung to him and continued to whimper.

"Thank you, thank you, thank you," she sobbed. "I've never experienced anything like that before. Let's fuck again"

"Well, I'm not sure I can. . ."

The disappointment was obvious in her eyes. "Well, okay, I probably ought to be getting home any way." 

In his excitement, he had forgotten to go over the ground rules, but he didn't think he should spoil the moment and, in any case, he was a little confused as to what those rules would be anyway.

They both got dressed and she left him surprised at his own ability to get off that second time in the shower, but also knowing that he would never be able to keep up with her over the long haul.

Later the next morning she called him and suggested that maybe it wasn't such a good idea to be screwing around because if someone found out it could be difficult for both of them. He suspected that the real reason was that she wanted to find a younger stud who could keep up with her horny nature. Since he was clearly not that guy, he was just as glad she had called it off. If he tried to keep up with her, she would drive him to an early grave.

*****