 NOTE

It's fun writing these stories, but it's also fun to know what people think. Let me know. Check out Chapter One.

Peacekeeper25 

Angel's idea to get our writing done during the day and share fantasies in the evening was intriguing, so the next morning I slipped a note under her door telling her what my fantasy was in case she wanted to prepare for it. 

I wrote—"You're the farmer's daughter alone on the farm and I show up at your door. I'll be there at 7."

For some reason this fantasy of working on a farm and getting seduced by the horny farmer's daughter in the barn always aroused me, so this was a chance to play it out. Little did I know what Angel had in mind for me. 

At seven, I knocked on her screen door and called, "Anyone home?" 

"Who's, there?" came her voice from inside.

"You don't know me." I shouted. 

"Be right there," she called from the other room.

When she appeared with her hair in pig tails, wearing the tightest, shortest cut off jeans I'd ever seen, I thought my eyes would fall out. She had a white peasant blouse that barely covered her tits and I could see her nipples through the thin material. She was bare footed and her long leg were spread slightly apart as she looked at me through the screen door. 

"Oh, hello," she said, smiling. 

"My truck broke down. Can I come in and use your phone to call a garage?" 

"Sorry, mister. I can't let you in. My Daddy is a way and he said not to let any strangers in while he's not here."  

"I understand," I said. "You can't be too careful these days, but I'm also looking for work. Could you use a farm hand?"

"Daddy said we might need to hire someone since my brother left," she said. 

"I'm a good worker," I said, "but right now I need to call a garage for my truck. I need to use your phone. Please, let me in." 

"I can't let you in, mister," she repeated. "Daddy wouldn't like it if he knew."

She looked me in the eyes and smiled. "You look like a nice guy though," she said. "And I know we could use an extra hand on the farm." 

"I'd appreciate if I could come in and use your phone," I said. 

"Oh, I don't know. I better not, mister." she said. "Daddy is real strict and said not to let anyone in, less I know them." 

"When will you're father be home. I could wait for him," I said. "I wouldn't want you to disobey your father."

"Not 'til tomorrow night," she said. "'Till then I'm all alone." She then pouted.

She then pressed her forehead against the screen door, looking me in the eyes and smiling. She surprised me by leaning into the screen door, pressing her tits against the thin mesh and causing her cleavage to appear above her low cut blouse. She smiled, knowing I was looking at her tits. 

"Please let me in. I would never harm you. I'm kind of stranded."

"Oh, I wish I could let you in, but I promised my daddy," she repeated. "But I see what a jam you're in being stranded out here in the country." She raised her arms above her head and leaned into the screen door, her tits flattened by the mesh, her nipples visible through the thin material of her blouse. 

The way her body was pressed against the screen door and how she looked at me was turning me on. The seam of her cut offs was tight against her crotch revealing the outline of her pussy. Se twirled one of her pigtails around her finger and smiled, looking me in the eyes. "What a sexy tease she is," I thought as my cock got hard in my jeans. 

"And you look like such a nice man," she added, smiling in a flirty way. "I don't know what to do." 

"I understand," I said. "But I would never take advantage of you. If you let me in to call a garage, I could do some work for you outside or in the barn while I'm waiting. I'd stay away from you until your father returns. He would never know I was in your house."

"I don't know. I try so hard to be a good girl, but I always end up doing things I shouldn't. My daddy says I'm naughty."  

"I'm surprised," I said. "You don't look like a naughty girl. And you are trying to be good and obey your father."

"Thank you, mister," she said, "I do try to be a good girl, but it isn't always easy."

"What do you mean?" I asked. 

She looked up at me through the screen door, twirling her pigtails around her finger. She didn't speak but just looked up at me then gave me a shy little smile. 

"I don't think I should tell you why it isn't easy for me to be a good girl." 

"Come on, tell me." 

"I don't know if I should," she said, pressing her crotch against the screen door. 

"Come on, I want to know." 

"I get horny," she said, looking down at her bare feet, then gave me that cute, shy smile, looking me in the eyes. 

"You do," I said. 

"Yeah, like now. Standing here talking to you is getting me hot." 

"Me too," I said. 

"Do I turn you on?" she asked, smiling.

"Yes. You do look pretty damn sexy."

"I do," she said. "Oh, thank you, mister. I like looking sexy and it's interesting that you're here."     

"Really. What's so interesting?" 

""Cause I always wondered what I'd do if a stranger showed up and I was home alone."  

"Well, I'm a stranger. How about letting me in?" I asked. "You're making my cock hard."

She looked down and could see the bulge in my pants through the screen door. 

"Oh, my, I don't know what to do. Talking to you is making me so horny and I do love older men, but I'm afraid to let you in and disobey my daddy." 

I moved forward and pressed my bulging cock against the screen door, pushing the mesh in slightly. Her tits were still pressed against the door and I could practically see her cunt through her tight cut-offs. She looked down at my bulge and at what I was doing. 

"You are hard, aren't you?" She said, and pushed her pelvis forward and pressed her crotch against my cock through the screen door. 

"Mmmmmmmmmm" she moaned. "That feels so good. You feel so hard."

She then arched her back slightly and we started humping each other through the screen door. We went at it harder and harder, my cock against her cunt. We were both grunting. The thin mesh of the screen door was the only thing keeping us from grabbing each other. 

"Oh my god, this is hot!" she moaned. "I'm so turned on."

The screen door was bouncing against the door frame as we went at it, looking at each other's eyes. I raised my arms above my head, pressing my hands into the screen as I rubbed my cock against her. She spread her legs wide apart and bent back slightly so that she could move her cunt up and down my pole. 

"You're making me so wet," she said, breathlessly. 

"I'd like to do more," I said, "if you let me in." 

"Oh, yeah. What would you do?" she said, biting her lower lip. 

"Open up and you'll find out," I said. I stopped moving, but she didn't. She kept her back bent so that her cunt was humping my cock. "I love how you make me feel.Mmmmmmmm."

It was a pretty hot sight, seeing her in those tight cut offs rubbing her cunt against me and moaning with the thin mesh of the screen door between us. 

"Let me in," I said. "I know you want to be bad."

"Yes, yes, I do want to be bad," she said, but I can't let you in.

"Open up and find out what it's like when a stranger shows up and you're alone." 

We kept humping against each other. "You want to be bad, don't you?"

"I do want to be bad and I'm so horny. I can't stand this anymore," she said, backing up and finally opening the screen door. "Cone on in, mister."

We were standing close to each other. 

"So, what are you going to do to a bad farmer's daughter?" 

Without a word, I grabbed her ass and pulled her against me. I loved how my hands felt on her round firm ass as I kneaded her through the tight jeans. She continued rubbing her cunt against my cock, moving up and down. . "Ewwwwww, you're bringing out the badness in me."

I then put my hands on the back of her head and kissed her, our tongues going deep into each other's mouths, our bodies still rocking against each other. We both made deep guttural sounds as we kissed and fucked each other's mouths with our tongues. 

She pulled her mouth away and said, "Oh, my, I'm dizzy. That's pretty hot kissing there, mister. I like your tongue."

I turned her around so that her ass was against my cock and started rubbing against the crack of her ass and she wiggled against me. "Ohhh I love how your cock feels there," she said. "Keep doing that."

I then moved one hand down to her mound and gripped it, getting one finger against her pussy, pressing the seam of her jeans into her cunt, while my other hand roughly kneaded one of her tits.

She pulled her blouse down so that her tits spilled out. She put one of her hands on my hand, pushing it harder against her cunt and took her other hand and pressed it hard against her tit. "I like it rough, mister,' she said, turning her head so she could look me in the eyes.

"You do, do you," I whispered then moved my tongue in and out of her ear. "Well, that's how I'm going to fuck you."

"I want to be a bad farmer's daughter," she said, wiggling her ass against my cock, making it harder than ever. "I want you to fuck me hard." 

She then grabbed my hand and pulled me into the kitchen and hopped up on the counter, "How about eating this farmer's daughter's pussy. I want you to eat me with that hot tongue of yours!" 

Her blunt dirty talking was getting me hotter than I already was. She unbuttoned her jeans, stretched her legs out and said, "Take my shorts off, mister and eat me!"

"You are bad, aren't you? And bossy." I said. 

I got between her spread legs, grabbed the ends of her shorts and pulled them off of her and threw them across the room. She had no panties on. I then put her legs on my shoulders, my hands under her ass, pulled her forward and started licking her wet pussy. She lifted herself off the counter, thrusting her cunt harder against my tongue and said, "That's it, mister, eat me!"   

She grabbed the back of my head, pulling me into her, forcing my tongue deeper into her cunt. I pushed her legs wider apart, lapping up and down her wet pussy with fierce licks, going deeper while she yelled, "That's it, mister. I love what you're doing. That's good. I love it. Fuck my pussy with your tongue!"

Her dirty talk was urging me on. I loved how hot and crazy I was making her. I wanted to get her so out of her mind, we'd both have the fuck of our lives. My hard cock was straining in my jeans and it was all I could do to keep from taking it out and ramming into her. Neither of us was interested in being gentle. This was out and out animalistic fucking. 

I loved how wet and juicy her cunt was and how aggressive she was at getting what she wanted and needed. Her hands were on the counter in back of her, lifting herself harder against my tongue, "Eat me! Eat your little farmer's daughter's pussy! Make me cum!" 

I found her clit and licked it hard and felt her lift herself even higher and shudder and then like a dam burst, she screamed, "OHHHHHHHHH GOD I'M THERE! I'M CUMMMING. OHHHHHHH YES, YES! EAT MY FUCKING CUNT!" 

My tongue was in her as far as it could go and she was pushing up against it, 'OHHHHHHH YES. I'M CUMMMMMMING!I'M CUMMING! " and then she fell back on the counter, pulled my head away and looked at me through glazed eyes—"I love how bad you make me. That was so wild. Now it's your turn." 

She jumped off the counter, grabbed my hand and pulled me into the bedroom. "Let's go in the barn," she said, pulling me. 

"Fuck me on this hay bale mister," She fell back on the bed, spreading her legs, her arms reaching up, her tits round and luscious. I stood above her, looking down at her, and took off my jeans. My cock was like an iron rod sticking straight out and she looked at it and then at my eyes and said, "Come on and fuck me with that cock. Give it to me!"        

I loved looking at her open juicy pussy. I got down on my knees between her legs and put my cock at her entrance. She was lifting herself off the bed, arching her back, "Come on mister and fuck your bad farmer's daughter. Fuck me hard!" 

"You really want it, don't you," I said, teasing her, sliding my cock up and down her wet pussy lips.

"Don't tease me you fucking bastard. Fuck me, now!" she yelled, putting her legs around my back, pulling me into her. My cock went straight into her tight hot cunt and she screamed, "AHHHHHHH YES FUCK ME FUCK ME."

"Your cunt is so tight," I said, as I pulled out and thrust into her even harder. "I love your tight cunt." 

Every time I rammed into her she lifted herself off the bed, her arms around my shoulders, her legs tight around my waist, forcing me deeper into her cunt as we both fell back on the bed. "You sure know how to fuck," I said.

"So do too you mister," she said, as we looked at each other, smiling. 'Come on and fuck me harder!" She said. "Give me that big cock of yours! Fuck me harder. I can take it."

When I thought I couldn't fuck her harder, she said, "Let me ride you, mister. Let me ride you like you're my stallion and I'm your little cowgirl. Come and take me for a ride!"

I barely pulled out as we changed positions and she was going to town, rising up and down on my cock, her big tits just above my mouth. "Oh yeah, that feels great. Ohhhhh yes. This is the way I like to fuck," she said, looking down at me.

I had my hands on her ass as she went up and down. She was bent forward like she was on a galloping race horse, riding my cock faster and faster, screaming FUCK ME! YES! FUCK ME! OHHHHHHHMY GOD!" FUCK ME!" 

When I put my finger in her ass hole, that took her over the edge and she shuddered and screamed even louder 'OHHHHHH I CAN'T STAND IT. FUUUUUUUUUUUCK!" 

I was beginning to wonder if this was her fantasy or mine but I didn't care. We were fucking animals. 

"She was riding me harder and harder, rising up and coming down hard on my thrusting cock, screaming, "I'M CUMMING. OHHHHHYES. I'M CUCMMING! FUCK ME! I'M CUUUUUUUUMING!"

Her cumming and her wet tight cunt got me ready to explode. I could feel my boiling sperm ready to erupt which made me lift myself off the bed as I thrust up into her cunt. She collapsed on me, just about spent. I then flipped her over on her back, spread her legs and thrust my cock into her, ramming in and out like a piston harder and harder. She could tell I was ready to explode as my cock got even bigger and she screamed, "FUCK ME. CUM IN ME! I WANT IT!" 

"I'M CUMMING" I yelled, looking down at her intense eyes looking up at me.

"I want your cum, baby. Cum in me!" And I did, as gobs of sperm spurted into her and the most exquisite trembling sensation rippled through my body. 

I collapsed on her, and lay there, unable to move for a minute. We were both like limp rags. I then rolled off and onto my back, gasping for air. "That was some fantasy," she said. 

"That was beyond anything I ever imagined," I said. "You're amazing. I hope I can make your fantasy happen like mine did," I said. 

"I hope so too," she said. "Wait 'til you hear what I have in mind. Then you'll know what a devil this Angel is."