 The rain dripped from her hair. She could feel the drops rolling down her face, slipping down into her shirt, between her breasts. She'd walked to his house, hoping he'd take her in. Hoping he'd care. She didn't know where else to go. 

She rang the bell and began inspecting her shoes. They were soaked and her socks with them. Her clothes clung to her body. She was a mess. She was close to tears and wasn't prepared to answer for them if they came. At least the rain would act as camouflage. 

The door opened. She took a deep breath, summoning the courage to look him in the eye and ask him if she could stay. 

"Get in here," he said, before she'd even lifted her head. A wave of relief passed through her.

"I'm sorry. I didn't have anywhere else to go," she began rambling. "If you're busy, I can go. It's just that..." Her voice trailed off. She was afraid of saying it out loud.

"I told you that you could always come here. You're always welcome. Now, get in here before this storm gets worse." He motioned for her to come inside, holding the door open.

The meteorologists had been crowing about the storm for days. Stores had been emptied of batteries, candles, and non-perishables. The possible severity, the idea of being without power for days while stuck with Adam had been too much. Without even packing a bag, she left. She would worry about that later. Now she just wanted to feel safe.

Peter led her through his house, to the bathroom. She'd never been inside before. He opened the door, ushering her in. Without speaking, he took her purse from her shoulder and hung it on the doorknob. She took her shoes and socks off as he turned on the tub faucet. His eyes watched her's intently as he lifted her shirt over her head. A shiver ran down her spine as his fingers brushed her skin while he undid the button on her jeans. It was the first time he'd actually touched her. She'd thought about the possibility for so long it was difficult to think of it as reality. But he was really here in front of her, caring for her, helping her out of her clothes.

He pushed her jeans down her thighs and she stepped out of them. He came in close to her, his hot breath against her cheek and wrapped his arms around her to unclasp her bra. He took the straps in his fingers and pulled them forward to remove it. The bra slipped from his fingers as he moved his hands to her hips. Slowly, he pushed her panties down until they were around her ankles. She couldn't calm the goosebumps on her skin. She wrapped her arms around herself as the air chilled her.

Peter sat on the edge of the tub and dipped his hand into the water. "Get in. It's nice and warm," he told her, meeting her eyes with his. 

She stepped into the water slowly, letting the heat emanate up her legs before lowering her body in completely. A wave passed over her as the goosebumps began to dissipate and her body warmed. Peter began lathering up some soap on his hands. He slid on the edge of the tub until he could easily scrub her back. Slowly, he began bathing her, beginning with her back, his hand rubbing slow circles on her skin. 

Mustering the courage to leave Adam had been difficult. It'd taken two years for her to decide to take the chance, staring the possibility of being alone in the face and deciding it was better than the rut she was stuck in. The cracking of the eggshells she was constantly walking upon was grating. She felt like she'd sold herself for an idea of marriage that didn't exist and she regretted it and the years she'd lost. Now sitting in the tub feeling Peter's hands cleansing her skin, she tried to shed the weight of those years, if only for one night. Let them drip from her body like the rain.

She sat like a rag doll, letting Peter do as he pleased, looking up at him periodically. His hands cupped her breasts, massaging soap into them as she closed her eyes. Her body shivered beneath his touch. The months of anticipation, the days when she'd just wanted to say something to let him know she wanted him. A sigh escaped her lips as he pinched a nipple lightly. He gently washed her stomach, then moved to the other end of the tub to attend to her legs. He massaged each foot as he washed it, taking his time. Teresa breathed deeply, forcing herself to relax, to enjoy. The feel of his hands on her body excited her, she wanted to touch him back, but now wasn't the time. She drank him in, let each touch be seared on to her memory. 

Peter moved closer to her on the ledge. His hand brushed through her hair as he looked into her eyes. He leaned forward, kissing her as his other hand reached between her legs. Teresa moaned as he rubbed her clit. She reached out and ran her fingers through his hair, keeping him close to her. She breathed him in, tasted him. She knew she'd made the right decision. Even if this was only for one night, better once than never.

His fingers traced the folds of her lips and teased her clit beneath the surface of the water as they continued their kiss, refusing to break apart. Her moans were silenced by his tongue. He pulled her hair, forcing her head back. He kissed down her neck as he slipped a finger inside her. She bit her lip, fighting the urge to thrust against him. 

"Bedroom?" he asked her.

"Mmhmm," she moaned in response. Peter stood up and got her towel. Teresa stepped out of the tub and he wrapped her up in it, kissing her again. Peter began toweling her off, dabbing the towel along her damp skin. He hung it up, leaving her naked and grabbed her hand. He lead her down the hallway to his room.

Teresa didn't have a chance to take anything in before Peter grabbed her face in his hands and kissed her. She moaned as she grabbed at his shirt, clutching at him for support. She pulled his shirt up until he took over, tossing it aside. Teresa ran her fingertips over his chest, enjoying the feel of his hair, his skin, and the satisfaction of finally getting to touch him. She trailed her hands down to the his pants, undoing his belt and zipper, before placing them in the waistband of his boxers and pushing down. He stepped out of his clothes, forcing her back onto the bed. She hadn't realized it had been so close.

The lightning periodically brightened the room to the symphony of the thunder. For Teresa, it was a sort of absolution as well as a release. Peter lay next to her. He ran his hand through her hair, kissing her again as he began to trace the contours of her body. She wrapped her arms around him, wanting to hold him close, her shelter from the storm. 

She kissed him like she may never again have the chance to, wanting to taste all of him, know all of him before he slipped away. The months of fantasies heightened her anticipation, but she knew the moment might only be temporary. Her body pressed against his, feeling the warmth of his skin in contrast to her coolness. The light flashed across his face, his hair and beard made iridescent, the curve of his arm, the movement of his muscles as he touched her.

Teresa closed her eyes as she sank into his kiss. His hand ran over her ass, then pulled her closer to him. She placed a leg over his, wrapping herself around him as she felt his cock against her. She grew wetter at the thought of it inside her. He slipped his hand between her legs, running his fingertips along her inner thigh, stopping just outside her wet lips. A gasp caught in her throat as the desire grew.

Peter slowly ran his fingers along her labia, seeking out her clit, "Shh," he whispered, as he kissed her again, slowly, deeply. Her quiet moans fell against his lips as the thunder echoed around them. He ran his fingers slowly around her clit, before rubbing it lightly. Her body tensed next to his, her thighs pulsing slightly as she took in the pleasure. 

She bit his lip as he slipped his finger into her. He began slowly then quickened his pace as she continued to push her hips against him. A loud clap of thunder startled her just as he returned to her clit, forcing her to break their kiss as she gasped loudly. Teresa leaned back in towards Peter, kissing him as she pushed him onto his back. He acquiesced, curious to see where it would lead.

Teresa wanted to succumb to him, taste him, feel him within her. The previous months had been like a sensual tango without physical sensation; a libidinous dance with only glances and thoughts. Now as she made her way along his body, gliding down the bed as her hands explored, she felt the rhythm of the tango return. Finally, she reached his cock and took it in her hand. She looked up at Peter, catching him in another flash of lightning, before she licked up his shaft. 

Everything slipped away as she focused on his pleasure, the feel of his cock against her tongue, his balls in her hand, as she began to take him in her mouth. Peter watched her until her lips slipped over the tip of his dick. He closed his eyes, feeling the ministrations from her tongue encircling him, lapping at his frenulum. He moaned lightly as Teresa sucked on the head before returning to hungrily licking his shaft. 

She lowered her head, taking his balls into her mouth one at a time, sucking on each in turn, before licking her way back to the tip of his cock. Peter brushed the hair from her face so he could watch as her mouth engulfed him again. He closed his eyes, trying to pace his excitement. He knew he'd have to stop her, but hated the thought. Begrudgingly, he opened his eyes, taking in the image of her lips around his cock one last time, before reaching for her chin. 

Teresa looked up and reluctantly let him go after one last lick. She slid up next to him. Peter kissed her, rolled onto her, trapping her beneath him. The pressure of his body against her grounded her, kept her mind from floating away to places she wasn't prepared to go. He kissed her passionately, his hands seeking hers out, and pinning them to the bed. Beneath him, the feeling of safety she felt when he invited her in returned. 

Peter's fingertips trailed down her arms, his lips traced the contours of her jaw line. She sighed, clenching her thighs to stave off her own arousal. He descended down her neck, paving the path with kisses, until he reached her breasts. He paused to caress each breast, his tongue flicking over the nipple until it hardened, then delicately holding it between his teeth until she gasped. His hands ran along the curve of her ribs, flowing to her waist. The kisses turned more mischievous, as he interspersed small bites to elicit Teresa's gasps. He enjoyed the feeling of her body writhing beneath his mouth as he teased her. 

His tongue licked playfully at her belly button, before he readjusted his position. With his hands on either thigh, holding them down, he kissed and nibbled along one and then the other. He loosened his grip on one thigh and slipped a finger into her pussy. Teresa's body arched sharply, she'd expected his tongue. Peter chuckled and continued fingering her, finally locating her clit with his tongue. 

Her body quivered beneath his touch as his tongue flicked at her clit lightly. He took his time, licking around it before flicking it again. Peter sucked the nub into his mouth. Teresa's body arched, lifting up from the bed before floating back down, her moans filling in the room. 

She'd imagined his tongue teasing her so many times when they worked together, saw opportunity at each step. She knew where the cameras couldn't see and the visions would cloud her judgement as she attempted to hack away at her work. Now the sensations of his tongue dancing along her clit, teasing around it, brought waves of pleasure over her body. Her clit was like the spot in a pond where the pebble was dropped, her nerves carried the ripples along her flesh until she quivered with delight.

Peter took his time. He searched her from the inside with his fingers while he learned her folds with his tongue. He changed his rhythm, continually keeping her on the edge as she was left not knowing what to expect. Teresa grew louder as he prolonged her pleasure, begging him to continue.

"Yes, yes, please," the words coming from her lips were a reflex. She had no control over them as he took away her reasoning by drowning her in sea of bliss.

Teresa climaxed as Peter continued to explore her, inside and out. His tongue delving into her pussy as his fingers rubbed her clit. He could feel her muscles clenching, yet he continued, hoping to take her even further. Teresa's body writhed beneath him, her nails clawed at his shoulder as he buried his face between her legs. Her moans competed with the thunder until she begged him to stop. 

Peter extricated himself from between her thighs and glanced up at Teresa's body spread before him. She lay with her mouth open, trying to catch her breath as sighs continued to escape, her eyes closed. Her hands clasped the sheets, grounding herself during the summit. He smiled as he lay beside her again, her back pressing against his chest.

His arms encircled her, holding her tight. He ran a hand through her hair, then allowed it to follow the curve of her body. His fingertips danced along her flesh. His hand glided over her leg; she lifted it slightly at his touch. Peter pressed his hips against her, his cock now at her entrance. Slowly, he slid into her, sighing heavily against her neck.

The rain pounding against the window seemed a pale echo to the heavy beating of his heart. She rocked her body in time with the rhythm of his thrusts. With his arm beneath her, he clutched her to his chest, his hand cupping her breast. His other hand traveled to her clit, gently rubbing the sensitive nub as her moans grew louder. The wind blew branches against the window as the drops continued their cacophonous symphony. Peter slid Teresa's hair from her neck, kissing her, slowly biting her. The sharp intake of her breath led to quiet moans that resonated within his body. Her sounds of pleasure increased his desire. His hunger grew and he bit her deeply, causing her to press her ass against him harder. 

Peter thrust into her more deeply and his speed quickened. He lifted her leg higher and wrapped his other arm around her body once again, keeping Teresa at the pace he desired. Teresa felt invigorated, finally feeling Peter within her. His hands on her body felt natural and exciting. He breathed new life into her. For a moment she worried that it would end too soon. She pushed the thoughts from her mind and returned her focus to the sensation of his flesh on hers, his hand playing with her nipples as the other teased her clit. The scratching of his beard against her neck, his strong chest against her back, and his cock filling her and making her feel whole.

Peter cupped her chin, turning her face towards his and kissed her passionately. Teresa felt the breath sucked from her body as time stopped. For once, things felt right. He broke the kiss to devour her flesh again, taking her breast into his mouth and flicking her nipple before biting it. 

With a smooth motion, Peter rolled onto his back, taking Teresa with him. She bent her knees as she straddled his body, facing away from him. Peter's hands grasped her hips driving them onto his hard shaft.

"Ahh," Teresa gasped, surprised by his ferocity. She leaned forward, her hands on his thighs, moaning each time he brought her hips down against him. 

"Touch yourself" he whispered to her, and she obliged, running her hand over her clit as he kept her steadily pounding against him. She ran her nails over his balls, causing him to gasp, then returned her fingers to her clit. She could feel her body gripping Peter's cock tightly, as she brought herself to another climax. 

Peter ran his hands up her sides until they found her breasts. Teresa leaned back slightly, placing her hands on either side of him as she ground her ass against him. She focused on her hips gyrating above him as he pinched her nipples. She placed one hand at the base of his cock, massaging his balls as she continued riding him. Peter's breathing grew ragged. He released her breasts and grabbed her hips again, pumping into her savagely as he finally released himself. His fingers dug into her flesh as he held her tight against him. A long sigh escaped his lips.

Peter sat up beneath her. He kissed the back of her neck sending shivers down her spine, then rolled them both onto their sides again. They lay, silent, as the storm continued. The rain lulled Teresa to sleep; even the whistling of the wind could not keep her awake as she felt Peter's rhythmic breathing on her shoulder. 

~~~

The first thing Teresa heard was a branch scratching against the window screen. Slowly she became aware of where she was. Peter was still nuzzled up to her, his arm around her. She didn't want to move and wake him. The room was still dark, but she could tell it was day. The storm had yet to subside, the rain and wind continued. Teresa looked around the room for the first time. She found Peter's alarm clock and noticed his power had gone out. She laid her head back down and tried to relax. 

"What's wrong," Peter whispered, half asleep.

"Nothing," she replied, "just trying to figure out what time it is. The power's out."

"Mmm," he said, stretching. He yawned, then returned to his position beside her, holding her tight to him. He didn't want to ask her what her plan was. He didn't want to think further ahead than he needed to. 

Teresa melted back into him, drifting off into sleep again.