 After a wild night with the farmer's daughter fantasy, we both slept and then I got up early and, after a light kiss on the cheek, went back to my cabin to start my day of writing. The deal was for us to write for the day so that we'd meet our deadlines. I was intrigued when she said her turn would make me see what a devil she is, even though her name is Angel. 

That night, she knocked on my screen door and called, "Professor Thom, can I come in?"

"Yes, the door is open," I replied from my desk.

She entered wearing a very short, tight denim skirt that barely covered her thighs, leather boots to her knees and a tight black turtle neck shirt that strained at her tits. Her long black hair was down past her shoulders. I gasped at how sexy she looked. She had a backpack in her hand. 

"Oh, Professor Thom, I need to talk to you," she said, standing at the door. She looked at me with a slight smile on her lips. 

"Well, I am in the middle of something. What can I do for you, Angel?" I asked. 

She then surprised me by closing the front door, locking it and leaning against it, while she kept her eyes on me, without speaking. 

"What are you doing, Angel? Why did you close my office door?"

"I want to make a deal with you," she said, walking towards me, her hips swaying, her eyes looking intently at my eyes. She stood close to me, looking down at me. She dropped her backpack on the floor. 

"Deal! What are you talking about? I don't make deals with my students."

"I need an A in your class, Professor Thom and I only have a C right now. You know how I'm trying to get into graduate school. Well, I need that A." 

"You'll have to earn it, Angel. I don't give gifts of grades," I said. 

"I know what a hard grader you are. You have a reputation," she said. "Chairman of the English Department and all that."

"I have high standards and expectations," I said, looking at her sternly in the eyes. "I don't make deals."

"Is that so," she said, smiling slightly. She moved closer to my chair, her bare leg touching my leg, her tits hovering just above my head, her nipples protruding from her tight shirt, an inch or so from my eyes. 

"You want to fuck me, don't you?" she said.

"What are you saying? I said, "Angel, this is out of the question. I don't have relationships with my students."

"Admit it, Professor Thom. "You always look at my ass when I walk to my seat in your class. And I see you staring at my tits when you think I'm not noticing. I can tell when a man wants to fuck me." 

"I think you better leave. This is very inappropriate," I said. 

"You're a damn hypocrite," she said. "You pretend to be aloof and indifferent and in your ivory tower, but I see how you look at me. Admit it. You've wanted to fuck me all year." She looked down and saw my erection bulging in my shorts. "Your cock is hard now, isn't it?

She then came even closer, looking down at me and spread her legs, straddling mine. Her legs forced her skirt to rise higher to her crotch, the skin of her bare thighs against my legs. She had a devilish smile on her lips. It was all I could do not to grab her ass and pull her down on my cock and fuck her. She knew she was teasing me. 

"You think you have power over me because you give out grades," she said, looking into my eyes. "But I have power over you because you want my body. You want to fuck me. So let's make a deal."

"I said I don't make deals and you do not have power over me. "

She then moved her tits closer to my face and started slapping me with them, back and forth, moving them faster and harder. "You like what I'm doing to you, don't you. This is turning you on, isn't it? You see the power I have over you, Professor Thom and you like it or you would push me away."

She glanced down at my cock straining at my shorts. 

"You like how I'm slapping your face with my big tits--your cock is desperate for me. I can see how big it is in your shorts. Admit it!" 

"Angel, what do you think you're doing?" I shouted. "Stop this!"

She reached down and ran her hand over my cock, moving it up and down. "You know what I'm doing, Professor Thom. I'm seducing you. I'm going to fuck you like you want me to. And you're going to give me my A."

She leaned forward, her tits pressed harder against my face, her hand rubbing my cock, grabbing my balls, her skirt up to her crotch, her legs straddling me. She then stopped and pulled her turtle neck shirt over her head and grabbed both of her tits as she stood over me, her legs wide apart. "You want to suck my nipples and grab my ass and then fuck me, don't you?"

She then reached down into her backpack and pulled out a black scarf, 

"What do you think you're doing" I asked. 

"You want to get your hands on me, but I'm not going to let you."

She went in back of the chair, reached over my shoulder, her tits pressed into my shoulder. She took both of my hands, brought them in back of the chair and tied them together. It happened so fast I didn't have a chance to stop her. 

"You can't do this to me," I said trying to break loose. 

"Too late, Professor Thom," she said, coming back in front of me and straddled my legs again. She lifted her tight skirt. She had no panties on, revealing her pussy, her tits inches from my mouth. "I'm in charge, now! I have the power and I'm going to get what I want." 

I pulled harder on the scarf but couldn't move my hands. "I'm going to tease you 'til you can't stand it anymore and you say yes you'll give me an A-- Do you get it, Professor Thom?" 

She then sat on me and started rubbing her cunt against my cock. Her legs were spread wide and as she moved up and down I could feel the heat of her wet pussy on my cock through my shorts. She looked me in the eyes, smiling. "That feels so good. You like it don't you? You want to fuck me, don't you?" 

She then stood up. "I've got an idea." She pulled off my shorts, spread my legs and got down on her knees. "How about a blow job, Professor?" I'm going to tease your hard cock with my tongue, just to get you even hotter."

She started licking my cock, looking up at me. She held it in her hand and licked it like it was an ice cream cone. "Ummmmmmmm, I like this" 

She then stopped and smiled, "You like what I'm doing, don't you? You like how my tongue feels on your big cock?" 

My cock was wet from her mouth and she started moving her hand up and down, masturbating me. She then put a finger in her cunt and started playing with herself at the same time. 

"Ohhhh I'm getting so horny doing this. This is soooo hot." She looked me in the eyes as she played with herself and my cock. 

Seeing her get horny and making sounds was driving me crazy. She was going faster and faster on my cock. She then put my cock back in her mouth and kept going, licking her tongue on the tip each time. I was out of mind and lifting my self off the chair, thrusting into her mouth, trying desperately to break my hands loose so I could grab her. She could tell I was about to cum when she stopped and looked into my eyes, with that devilish smile on her lips. 

She leaned back on her knees with her fingers in her cunt, biting her lower lip as she played with her self. "You like watching what I'm doing, don't you? You wish your cock could be doing what my fingers are. You want to fuck me bad, don't you?

I was panting. I never saw my cock so hard. It was standing straight up, glistening from her wet mouth. I was pulling at my hands, straining to break the binds and shouted "Untie me!"

"Why should I? What would you do, if I did?"

"I'd fuck you." 

Yeah, and then what? Give me my A." 

She then turned around on her hands and knees, revealing her ass to me. I could see her wet pussy and round ass as she wiggled it. She moved closer and was kneeling between my legs. "I bet you'd like me to sit down on that big rod of yours," she said, looking at me over her shoulder. 

She then stood up, her back to me, straddled my legs and bent over slightly so that her pussy was just above my cock. She wiggled her ass again, looking over her shoulder at me, smiling, teasing me. 

Every time I lifted myself from the chair and thrust up, she moved her ass just out of reach, smiling back at me. I pulled at the scarf harder, trying to break loose. 

"You're a god damn cock tease!" I shouted. 

"Yeah and what are you going to do about it?"

Just then I lifted my legs, wrapped them around her hips before she could get a way and pulled her down. She was on my lap, her ass wiggling on my cock as it went into her crack. Her wiggling got my cock against her pussy and she moaned, "Ewwwwww I like your cock, there, Oh, Professor Thom." 

She bent slightly forward, moving her pussy harder on my cock. "That feels soooo good" she sighed. "OhhhProfessor Thom, Keep doing that."

"Now it's you who wants to get fucked, isn't it?" 

'Yeah, I'm so turned on, but you can't fuck me!"

She lifted herself up fighting against my legs wrapped around her, straining to get away.

We both wanted to fuck but she wouldn't give in and I couldn't reach her cunt. The more I thrust up, the more she pulled away. 

"You want it bad, don't you?" I said. 

"Not as much as you do," she said, trying to break away from my legs. I pulled her back and my cock was on the edge of her pussy. 

I thrust up but she pulled away, out of reach. 

"Give me the A and I'll untie you."

"No deal, you bitch!"

No A. No fucking me!" she said. 

Finally, she pushed hard and broke through my legs and fell forward on the floor. She turned over and looked up at me, her legs wide open. She leaned on her elbows looking at my cock standing straight up. Her tight skirt was above her hips. Her wet cunt open to me. We looked each other in the eyes, both breathing hard from our struggle. 

"Give me the A and I'll untie you, Professor Thom," she said, that devilish smile on her face. "Then you can fuck me hard like you want to!"

"I'll give you an A on one condition," I said. 

"Yeah and what's that?" she said, moving her open legs back and forth, seductively, hiding then revealing her pussy. 

"You become my fuck slut," I said. 

"Hmmmm. Sounds interesting. I get an A and you get to fuck me whenever you want. Is that the deal?" 

"That's a win win deal," she said, ""cause you don't know how much I've wanted to fuck you all year. I love how you look at me and I'd go home and fuck myself thinking about you. You didn't know I wanted to fuck you, did you?" 

"Untie me!" I said. 

She got on her knees and crawled around in back of me and untied the scarf. She then came back in front of me and lay back on the floor with her legs open and said, "Come on and fuck me!" said. "Fuck me hard!" 

By then I was so crazed with lust. I don't think I've ever been so hot. I got down on my knees, grabbed her legs and pushed them so that they were bent up over her tits, her wet pussy open and I thrust into her as hard as I could. 

AHHHHHHHH YES! YES!" she screamed as I pounded her. 

I pulled out and rammed into her again, harder. 

"FUCK ME!" she screamed. "FUCK ME! FUCK ME! HARDER!"

I was thrusting as hard as I could, going deeper each time. I looked into her eyes with each thrust. She looked back, her mouth wide open. I leaned forward, my hands near her shoulders, pounding her pussy, my balls slapping against her ass.

"You're my fuck slut, aren't you?" I snarled. 

"Oh yes, yes. You're my master. I'm yours to fuck."

"I'm the one who will do the teasing, right?"

"Yes."

"Yes, what?"

"Yes, sir,"

I pulled out of her pussy and held it on the edge.

'NOOO! Don't stop. Don't stop. I need you so bad. FUCK ME!"

"You were bad to come tease me and tie me up, weren't you?"

"Yes Sir. I was bad. I was a bad girl, Professor Thom."

I moved my cock up and down her juicy wet slit, looking her in the eyes as I hovered between her bent knees. 

"Fuck me, oh please. You're driving me crazy. I can't stand it. Fuck me hard."

Just as I started to thrust into her, she wrapped her legs around my waist and pulled me in, lifting her self off the floor to take my cock. FUCK ME!" she screamed. 

I loved how strong her legs were as she gripped me and gave herself to me. 'OH FUCK ME FUCK ME FUCK ME FUCK ME FUCK ME" She screamed with each deep thrust. FUCK ME HARDER!"

"You're so tight. I love your tight cunt," I said, as I rammed her harder and harder. 

As she lfted her self up and fell back on the floor, I knew my cock was getting to her clit as she shuddered 'OH YES, THERE. THAT'S IT OHHHHHHGOD I'M CUMMING. OHHHHH FUCK ME!I'M CUMMMMMMMMING."

Her screaming and wild, dirty talk was urging me on. I felt my sperm rising, my balls tightened and I knew I was on the verge of erupting. 

"I'm cumming too," I yelled. 

"CUM IN ME, OHHH YES. I WANT YOUR HOT CUM IN ME. CUM IN ME!GIVE IT TO ME!"

I rammed into her again and again and felt my sperm spurt into her and yelled, I'M CUMMMMMING. TAKE IT, BABY!"

"OHHH YES, THAT FEELS SO GOOD. FILL ME WITH YOUR CUM!"

One final thrust and I was done. I collapsed on her, feeling her chest rising and falling as we both gasped for air. We could not move as we lay on the floor, drained from the intense episode we just experienced. 

After several minutes, I rolled off of her and lay on my back, both speechless.

She then got up on one arm, leaned over me, her tits pressed against my chest. We kissed. She looked me in the eyes and smiled, "We're both crazy," she said. 

"I know," I said. "But it's alright with me."

She laughed and nodded. "Me, too. I like being crazy like this. I'm glad we found each other."

She then lay back down, placing her head on my shoulder. I knew tomorrow would be my turn to come up with a fantasy, but I didn't want to even think about it. 

We both fell asleep on the floor. She was gone when I woke up. I found a note on my chest when I woke up. 

'Thanks for the A, Professor Thom." 

"PS. I'll be waiting for you tomorrow night."