  Main Cast
Mike, 35 years old, 5' 11", 175 lbs, brown hair, blue eyes, Anne's husband.
Anne, 34 years old, 5' 4", 105 pounds, brown hair, blue eyes, Mike's wife.

From the last chapter

Anne turned to me and looked at me. She could hear the doubt and see it in my face. She came over and stood directly in front of me, staring up at me. "I love you and always will. You have nothing to be afraid of. Next Tuesday is your birthday, remember?" I nodded. "You usually take the afternoon off. When you do, you are going to come with me to my gym class and I will show you that you have nothing to worry about, okay?"

I leaned over and kissed her. "Okay." I felt better. She and I had a great relationship and I should never have entertained any other thoughts. Her sincerity actually shamed me a little for even considering it. "What time on Tuesday?"

She smiled. "2pm. We leave about 20 minutes before and you can ride with me." 

"Okay." We hugged for a minute and then she attended to the crock pot. I felt much better and was not intrigued by my birthday 'visit' to her gym class. 



The weekend was fairly normal except that Anne worked on Saturday morning on her book, reading and writing and editing. Then, about 1pm, she broke for lunch and attacked me. I had finished mowing the yard and was just out of the shower when she walked in naked and sexually assaulted me. Well, I'm not sure if you can call it sexual assault when it's a very, very willing man excitedly participating in sex after his wife walks in, drops to her knees, and sucks him to hardness. Her orgasms were again very strong and she moaned and talked more than normal. After we finished I had to ask about it. We were lying on the bed, her head on my chest cuddling.

"So, what was that all about?"

"What?" She grinned and tried to act offended, lifting her head to look at me. "A woman has to have a reason to attack her hunky husband and have sex?"

I laughed. "So I'm hunky now?"

She reached up and kissed me. "You always have been. I just haven't mentioned it too often. Male egos can get out of control so easy you know." She poked me in the ribs.

I chuckled. "Okay, then just tell me what got you so lit up? Have you been reading erotica again?"

She grinned. "Oh, yes. I just finished another story in a continuing saga about a woman who babysits for a couple and gets involved with both of them sexually, and then has a lesbian affair, and then gets married, and then meets up with them again and has sex with everyone. It was pretty well written and the writer is a woman. I think she's one of the best writers of erotica that I've ever read."

"Wow! That's quite an endorsement." I tried to act like I was thinking hard for a moment. "Hmmm. Can I get you some more of those?"

She laughed. "Yeah. You are reaping the benefits of that, all right."

"And you aren't? You are suddenly so talkative during sex, attacking me all the time, and having earth shattering orgasms."

She grinned. "Yeah, it really gets me worked up when erotica is well written. Are you complaining?"

"No. Never. Read more. Read it every day. Please." She laid her head on my chest. "What's this author's name?"

"Selena Kitt."

"She writes well?"

"Oh, yeah. Definitely an educated writer. She writes erotica, but very well. At times she even takes the plot of a familiar piece of literature and makes erotica out of it. She's good." She giggled. "And she makes me so hot for sex."

"I'm definitely going to ensure you get all her novels or send her a thank you note."

Anne hugged me. "Mmmm. Just let me rest here for a while."

We did and then the rest of the weekend was taken up with all those really, really exciting things... NOT! We did laundry, house cleaning, grocery shopping, etc. Yawn!

Finally, it was Monday and I managed to get thru the day. On Tuesday, I worked until lunchtime and then the office presented me with a birthday cake and we munched on that. I finally left around noon.

I arrived home at 12:30pm and was nervous about this gym class. Anne didn't say anything else about it, but a surprise for my birthday, revolving around her gym class? What was this about?

I had a quick lunch and went upstairs. Anne was already in her sweats. I asked her what I should wear. She looked at me and smiled. "It's on the bed."

I looked over at the bed and there were my basketball shorts, a t-shirt that I normally wear when working out or working in the yard, and a sweatshirt. Okay, pretty normal stuff. I walked over to my chest and opened the drawer for my athletic equipment. I had socks, jocks, etc. in this drawer. I pulled out a jock and Anne walked over to me. "You won't need that today."

I stared at her. "What? I can't be flopping around while working out."

She smiled and put her arms around my waist. "Do you trust me?"

I looked at her. "Well... I guess so."

"Good. Just put on what's there. All will be revealed in a little while."

I frowned at her. 'All will be revealed'... was that a Freudian slip? She refused to say any more and I put on what she asked. It felt weird to be loose under my shorts. I almost never went without something under my clothes. 

"Okay, I'm trusting you, but this had better be good!"

Anne smiled at me. "Honey, it's your birthday. It will be memorable, trust me."

I grumbled a little under my breath, but followed her out to her SUV. We got in and the leather felt cold on my butt. It went right thru the shorts.

Anne drove and we headed away from the gym. I looked over at her and she smiled. "Don't say anything. Just relax and enjoy your birthday."

I didn't say anything and it was quiet for the next 15 minutes. When we arrived at our destination, it was a large house, probably built in the 30's in a neighborhood that was all from that era. The houses had the old style porches and large oak and maple trees along the street. I frowned. Anne looked at me smiled.

We got out of the car and Anne came around to my side. She took my hand. "This will be a birthday to remember." 

"Okay." I said with some doubt and trepidation.

She led me around to the back door. There was a pretty brunette sitting on the steps smoking a cigarette. 

The brunette stood up and put out her hand. "You must be Mike. I'm Denise, a friend of Anne's."

I put out my hand and shook it. She was also in sweats, but her tits were large and made themselves known. I tried not to look. "Yes, I'm Mike. Nice to meet you Denise."

She looked at me and then over at Anne. "He still doesn't know?"

Anne giggled. "Nope. I managed to keep it a surprise. Is Yvonne already inside?"

"Yes. And Madame Yveschenko is ready."

I looked at Anne. "Madame who?"

"Our instructor. She's the woman who teaches here. We'll meet her inside."

Denise led us inside and Anne followed her with me trailing. They led me onto a landing between the kitchen and stairs leading down to the basement. We went to the basement.

As we reached the basement, there was a small bedroom and bathroom on the left. On the right was a small kitchen, like this was some sort of efficiency apartment that the owner rented out. We passed these as we walked along a small hallway to a large open area. There was a nice leather easy chair in the middle of the floor pointed to the left and directly in front of it a curtain that covered the left third of the open space. I looked to the right wall and could see some lights and a stereo. I was very confused now. "What is this place?"

Suddenly, from behind us came two more women. A pretty young blonde and a tall, still pretty, older brunette woman. The older woman walked up. 

"Hello, Mike. I am Natalia. This is my studio and I am the instructor. It's very good to meet you." I was not an expert on accents, but she was definitely Russian or Ukrainian or from something in that area. 

I shook her hand. "Good to meet you Natalia. I'm still a little in the dark here about what's going on." She said studio, so maybe she was a dancer from East Europe and my wife was taking lessons.

She put her arm in mine and led me toward the chair. "Don't worry darling, all will be revealed shortly."

There was that euphemism again. "Okay."

She waved her hand toward the chair. "Please have a seat. We will get started in a moment."

I sat down and the blonde came over. "Hi, I'm Yvonne. We didn't get introduced yet." 

I stood and shook her hand. "Mike. Glad to meet you."

She turned to Anne. "You're right, he's cute. You are a lucky woman."

Anne smiled. "You bet your ass I am."

I was looking around and still confused when Natalia clapped her hands. "Okay, ladies, let's get ready."

I watched as they all disappeared behind the left side of the curtain. I looked around and saw Natalia behind me fiddling with the stereo. Suddenly, the music started. It had a heavy beat and was not really to my liking. I looked back to see what Natalia was doing when the room went pitch black. I tried to see, but couldn't until a spotlight came on pointed at the curtain. I waited.

Finally, the curtain pulled back to the left and there was a small stage there and on each side of the stage were two metal poles. Aha! It finally hit me. This was one of those studios where they taught pole dancing, which was becoming a little more popular outside just the stripper community. Fuck! My wife was taking pole-dancing lessons? Wow! This was going to be a good birthday present. 

Then from the left came Anne. She was wearing that gold bikini that I had seen in her gym bag and it barely covered her body. The bottom piece just barely covered her little pubic hair triangle and the rest seemed to disappear into her crack. The top covered her nipples, but her areolas were showing around the edges. She danced her way over to the pole on the right and slithered around it. I was definitely shocked and surprised. And Anne looked fucking hot! All the workouts had definitely paid off. She danced just like the strippers I had seen and hugged the pole, sliding up and down against it. She was starting to get into it when Yvonne came out to the pole on the left. Fuck! I was going to get to see her, too? Wow! She had a fantastic body and was a little taller than Anne. She was thin, but tight, and had an ass that looked like solid muscle. She started making love to the pole just like Anne was. Anne and Yvonne then pulled themselves up on the pole, wrapped their legs around it, and leaned back, their ponytails touching the ground. Holy shit! This was hot! 

I adjusted my dick in my shorts, wondering why Anne had left me without anything under them since it meant that my boner was going to show. I watched in awe as my two personal strippers dropped from their poles and then looked at each other. They smiled and advanced to the middle of the stage. They put out their arms and grasped hands and spun around together. Then Anne turned her back to Yvonne and Yvonne yanked Anne's top off. I stared and licked my lips. This was the greatest birthday present ever! She had done all this for me? Fantastic!

When Anne's top was off she turned and thrust her tits out at me and I could see that they were hard as diamonds. Then she bent over toward me, lifted them from the bottom, and smiled at me as she offered them for my attention. I barely managed to stay in my chair. Then she made a surprised 'Oh' as Yvonne had grabbed her bottoms and ripped them to the floor. She put her hand over her mouth and smiled naughtily, giggling like a school girl getting caught doing a prank. I adjusted myself again and stared, but I didn't think they could see me with the spotlights on them and me sitting in the dark. 

Anne then turned back to Yvonne and wiggled her finger back and forth mouthing 'Naughty girl'. Yvonne shrugged her shoulders and turned to face me. I loved her body and this scene was already hot, but about to get hotter. I watched in even more shock as my wife then stripped off the top and bottom of Yvonne's bikini. She covered her tits with her right arm and her pussy with her left. She acted like she was trying to hide everything from me as Anne slinked around her. Then Yvonne shrugged her shoulders, grinned evilly, and dropped her hands. I was in awe of this action and stared at Yvonne. She had tits almost the same size as Anne, probably about b-cups, and had a nice small waist with well flared hips. Her pussy was completely shaved and her lips were obvious. I couldn't believe that my wife set this all up. She had taken stripper lessons and was now performing in front of me. Plus, she had just stripped another woman in front of me and was letting me watch. 

Now they did more of their stripper moves and moved back to the poles. Anne smiled out at me and then got really vulgar. She did the move where the stripper squats while clinging to the pole. She did that and rubbed her pussy up and down the pole. I could see the wetness and everything else. Yvonne had made it back to her pole and started doing the same thing. I couldn't believe that my wife was involved in doing this for me. I was hard as a rock now, staring at two sexy women rubbing their pussies on the phallic-like poles.

My day was going to get even better next. I was a little surprised when the music was turned down, but thankful. It was almost deafening before. Then the lights over me came up a little, just enough to let me be seen.

Anne smiled and stepped off the small stage toward me. She grinned. "How do you like your birthday present?"

I grinned. "Unbelievable. Fucking hot!"

She grinned and walked over to me. She stared at my tent. "I can see that you are enjoying the show." I tried to readjust my dick and cover it up. Anne laughed. "Honey, everyone knows you couldn't stay soft thru this, so just relax."

I stared at her and then back at Yvonne. What? I figured that everyone knew I would get a boner, but that didn't mean I wanted to wave it around.

Anne leaned over and put her hands on the arms of my chair. "So what do you think about my dancing."

"I love it. I can't believe you took pole-dancing and I definitely can't believe you stripped in front of me and stripped another woman in front of me. This has been the greatest surprise of my life."

She leaned over and seductively whispered in my ear. "We're just getting started baby."

My eyes went wide at that and she laughed as she wiggled her way back toward the stage. She whispered something to Yvonne and then they both strutted back over to me. I didn't know where to look. There was so much beautiful skin in front of me with two pussies, four tits, and two gorgeous grinning women. 

When they got to me, Anne dropped to her knees in front of me and Yvonne stood behind her, playing with her nipples. Anne ran her hands up and down my legs and then suddenly reached under the leg and grabbed my dick. I sat up quickly and covered her hand. "Anne, what are you doing?"

She smiled and extracted my hand from over my crotch. "Just taking the edge off so you can enjoy the rest of the show." And with that she pushed my shorts up and freed my dick. It was so hard and leaking precum that I knew I wouldn't last long if she did anything. I tried to cover it up, but she pushed my hand away. "Don't worry, they've all seen a blowjob before."

I looked up at Yvonne and she was smiling at me. She walked around behind me and put her arms on my shoulders. "Just lean back and let your wife give you a treat." 

I was a little bit in shock and just leaned back. I looked down and my cock was in Anne's left hand and sticking straight up. Anne looked up at me and Yvonne, then down at my dick, and thrust her mouth over it. I flinched and groaned as I realized how exposed I was while getting this blowjob. Not only was Yvonne watching, but Natalia and Denise had to be around here somewhere. Was my conservative wife turning into an exhibitionist? Did she really get off on blowing me while somebody watched? Yvonne leaned over and started rubbing my chest and Anne looked up and watched. Yvonne pushed her chest up against my head, cradling it between her tits and my excitement level doubled. Anne was sucking and licking my dick wildly as she stared up at me, demanding that I cum. I couldn't hold back for long and when I finally came I thrust my hips up and Anne held on to my dick with her hand and mouth and sucked me dry. I must have spurted 6 or 7 times before I collapsed back onto the chair. Anne waited and gave it a couple more sucks before backing off.

"Mmmm. I think somebody was really worked up."

I looked down at my wife. "Oh my god, honey, I can't believe what you just did."

Anne tucked my dick back under my shorts and stood up. "Me neither, but let me get you a beer and we'll finish up."

I relaxed as Anne ran back to the kitchen to get some beer. I was surprised as she remained naked and didn't even bother putting something on. Then Yvonne moved toward the back left corner of the room where the curtain was pulled and I stared at her beautiful ass. Fuck! This was like heaven.

Anne came back with two beers and a folding chair so she could sit down. "So, good birthday present?"

I stared at her. "Oh my god, best one ever! I can't believe you just stripped and sucked me off in front of another woman."

She grinned. "It was pretty wild, huh? I was so nervous about this until I saw your face. I wish I could have seen it when I ripped Yvonne's bikini off. I bet that would have made a great picture."

"There was definitely shock on my face at that moment."

"And maybe lust, too?"

I smiled. "Well, you did strip a very nice looking woman in front of me. The fact that my wife stripped her in front of me was as much of a turn on as the nudity."

"Interesting. Well, we are just about ready to graduate. Natalia requires us to perform in front of a man in order to earn our diploma."

"Really? But what if you aren't married or don't have a boyfriend?"

She smiled. "If someone does not have a man available, Natalia is part owner of a strip club and will arrange for a more public display for the graduation dance requirement."

I stared at her. "Wow!"

Anne took a large gulp of beer. "Yeah, that's why you are here. We didn't want to do it at a strip club, so you are our male audience."

"Really? Well, you can tell her that I'm available any day for graduation dances."

Anne almost choked as she was taking her next drink at that moment. She hit me on the shoulder. "Easy, big guy. You are getting these dances today for your birthday and that's gonna have to do."

I leaned over and kissed her. "Honey, this has been a great time. Thank you."

Anne stood up. "We aren't done yet. We still have to do the lap dances."

I'm sure I was gaping at that moment as I managed to squeak out. "Lap dances?"

Anne laughed. "Yep. You can roll up your tongue and put it away. It's going to be just like in the clubs. You can't use your hands and you have to stay seated. The woman initiates everything. Got it?"

"Uh... yeah."

She leaned over. "Relax, it's just some skin. You've been to strip clubs before and I know you were sexually active before we were married. Just try to look at it academically." She grinned at her own comment there.

"Oh, yeah, like that'll work."

She laughed. "Okay, be ready." She disappeared behind the curtain and the music level went up just a little.

I watched closely as from behind the curtain came Denise. She was also wearing one of these micro bikinis, but they covered nothing of her big, beautiful tits. She had to be a D-cup on a about a 5'2" frame. She was voluptuous, with those large breasts and nice wide hips. She started dancing just like Anne and Yvonne had.

Then she ripped off her top and those big tits were free. She had large nipples that she tweaked as she danced and they were instantly hard and pointy. She was dancing around the pole when Anne and Yvonne came back out.
