 "Honey, I'm not sure about this bikini, I think it shows too much." Jessica Sumner turned her back to the mirror while talking to her husband Bruce. "Do you really think this is appropriate? We don't really know these people."

"I'm sure our new neighbors are just like us Jess." Bruce surveyed his wife's perfect body. The only thing wrong with the bikini in Bruce's mind was that there was too much of it. He reached out and trailed his fingertips along the line of material as it hugged her butt. He pinched the material together until it disappeared between her butt cheeks. "There that's better." 

Jessica slapped his hands away and reached back with both of hers to pull her bikini bottoms back into place. "Stop that."

"How about this instead?" Bruce moved behind his wife and reached around her arms to cup her breasts; he thumbed her nipples to hardness. "Are you sure we need to go to this thing?"

"No, I mean yes! Stop that...Bru-uuce." Jessica pleaded as her body responded. She managed to pull one of his hands free of her breast only to have him slide it across her taut stomach and down inside her bikini bottom. His fingers passed over her pubic hair and paused on top of her clitoral hood. He rubbed gently above her sensitive bundle of nerves. "Noooooo...please."

Bruce felt his wife's resistance begin to crumble as his finger traced lazy paths above and beside her clit. He nibbled along the side of her neck telling her how much he needed her 'right now' as she mumbled incoherent protests. Bruce felt his wife teetering near the edge of capitulation. He sensed her readiness to give in as she uttered one final request to stop. "Bruce...please."

At the very moment that Jess's legs relaxed he knew he had her. The only thing that would have surprised Bruce more would have been Jess telling him to fuck her. He couldn't have resisted that offer (as if she would ever use such coarse language.)

"You're right. You're absolutely right. What would our new neighbors think if we didn't accept their kind invitation?" Bruce pulled his finger out of his wife's bikini bottoms spun her around and moved her through a couple of quick swing dance spins. The phone rang and Bruce gave her a final twirl before going to answer it.

Jessica released a pent-up moan of frustration once her husband was out of earshot, then punctuated it with an just audible 'big jerk.' She pulled her bikini bottoms down and checked the crotch; it was absolutely soaked with her arousal. The intoxicating aroma wafted up to her and she couldn't help but breathe deeply of it. Her fingers were just inches from her throbbing clit. A few swipes of her clit and she would cum. She heard Bruce talking on the phone; she knew there was enough time. Just one good deliberate rubbing and she would...Jessica shuddered involuntarily, instantly reliving the traumatic memory of a curious, innocent teen cautiously exploring her body. 

Jessica Culter was naked on her bed, legs spread wide, knees bent, a mirror in her left hand as the fingers of her right tentatively participated in the discovery of the delights her best friend had told her about. Everything was fine until she passed over her clitoris a second time. The first time had been uneventful, even mildly disappointing. (Her friend Sandra had insisted that it was the absolute 'hot button to bliss') Jessica had gone on to explore further and deeper inside her vagina, marveling at how wet she got and the incredible aroma that filled the room. But her second touching of her now fully exposed clitoris was a revelation, as bolt of pleasure unimagined surged through her. She couldn't stop. Her fingers move back and forth and around as her joy built higher and higher. She found herself unable to cease her stimulation as moans of delight gave way to screaming ecstasy as wave after wave of joy washed over her. That was when her mother burst into her room, shrieking, calling her a sinner, slapping and spanking any part of Jessica's body she could reach. All the while castigating her for yielding to that evil, sinful practice. 

Shame and fear flooded Jessica Sumner's mind and she jerked her hand away (and while she now able to revel in her husbands touch, she had never touched herself since.) She slowly pushed her soggy bottoms to the floor and stepped out of them. Darn that man, she had really wanted to wear this particular bikini to the party. That was out of the question now; she couldn't be walking around smelling like a woman in heat. She untied the top and threw both into the hamper. Unfortunately her back-up choices were limited as a quick assessment revealed her paltry choices. She actually did have a thong that she wore when sunbathing in the back yard. Was that Bruce's plan? If it was it, then it had failed -- no way was she wearing that in public - no thong, not today. She had a two-piece boys style brief swimsuit that was great for being active in - but it wasn't very fashionable. Jessica was just about to give up when she saw a scrap of white at the back of her drawer - her one-piece suit. It had been an online purchase that Jessica initially thought to be a mistake. Holding it up, the white "US Swim Team" logo'd racing suit looked like it was made for a young girl. It weighed next to nothing, was made from super stretchy material and was unlined; which meant once wet - and in contact with skin - it became nearly transparent. Even dry it stretched so tight that it revealed every bump and void of her body. 

There were some very specific memories associated with the white racing suit. For one, Bruce had insisted that it was actually a very modest suit -- it certainly looked that way online - when dry it certainly had the suggestion of respectability (if only she had checked it out when wet.) She had initially worn it on a weekend getaway vacation a few months before their marriage. The resort spa had a number of hot tubs scattered around the grounds. So naturally on their first night they had decided to enjoy a good soak. The suit fit her like a second skin and she wouldn't normally have worn it in public except that they had drunk quite a bit of wine during dinner and it was already dark. She had stepped out of the bathroom unsure that the suit was appropriate until Bruce's wolf whistle encouraged her to go through with it. She hadn't understood her husbands wild-eyed grin once she'd entered the water. It was another couple walking by that unabashedly rubber necked to look at her that led her to realize something was wrong. A casual glance down told the tale; the front half of each breast, nipple, areola and a whole lot more were on display as if she were topless. Rising from the tub she saw the entirety of her pubic mound; her shield of dark blonde hair, even the cleft of her labia - it was all there for anyone to see. Bruce just smiled, "Oh darn, I forgot to bring the towels." The walk back to their room had been embarrassing beyond belief (and yet strangely arousing too.) Their lovemaking that night had been shattering in its intensity. Bruce had insisted that 'the racer' accompany them on all subsequent vacations (although she never complied, a simple "Oh sorry honey, I forgot it" was all her husband got.) It wasn't that she never wore it; she just made sure it was at a time and place of her choosing.

Bruce loved the white racer (based on the his ardor of his lovemaking when she did) and he deserved to be put in his place for the cruel teasing he'd done earlier. A plan quickly developed in her mind. Jess decided on a two-suit approach; the boys brief style for the daytime and the white racer for later. She would change into the white racer after it got dark, then lure Bruce to a private place and reveal the swimsuit. Once he saw the white racer he would try to call it a night and get her home as quickly as he could. As long as she could keep the suit dry she was going to make him wait.

When Bruce returned from his phone call he noticed that she wasn't wearing the bikini nor was it lying on the bed. "Where is that sexy bikini babe, why aren't you wearing it?" 

Jess made a show of adjusting her blouse. "I'm bringing a couple of suits with me. I want to see what the other women are wearing. Then I'll change into whichever is most appropriate. I've got your trunks in the same bag. And what's that big grin all about? You're up to something, I know it."

"Oh there's something up alright, definitely up!" Bruce smiled and feigned a quick grope at his wife as she shook her head and folded her arms across her chest. "Did I already tell you how much I love you?"

"Yes," she smiled, "and NO we are not going to have sex before the party -- you'll just have to wait. Well, I'm ready when you are."

"Amen to that babe."

Jessica rolled her eyes then turned her head so that Bruce would not she her smile. She thanked her lucky stars that she had a man who loved her so completely. He had been so patient with her right from the beginning, and to think it was all the result of a silly blind date gone wonderfully right. She had made it clear by the end of that first date that she was NOT the kind of girl to enter into a sex without a real relationship in place. Bruce gently persisted in his pursuit of her, waiting nearly four months for their first time together. Which in a complete surprise to her was a weekend getaway at an incredibly romantic B & B up the coast. Jessica experienced more orgasms during that weekend than from the entirety of her previous sexual history (modest though it was.) A year later they were married and Jessica was convinced there was not a better man for her -- even if he was always trying to maneuver her into having sex at the most inappropriate times and places. 

Like the time they were camping with friends and he got her really drunk. She was nearly passed out when he help her to their tent and undressed her for bed. She lay there on top of her sleeping bag naked as the day she was born, too drunk to crawl into her sleeping bag. Bruce return from the restroom with a leering 'lookie, lookie I've found a wet pussy.' He'd knelt between her legs and started licking her. It took just a moment for her pleasure receptors to notify her that something wonderful was happening. In her drunkenness she loudly sang out the praises of her husband and his oral technique, followed closely by a long series of enthusiastic moans when he took her...twice. She was mortified the next morning at the words she remembered using (insisting all the while that she would never drink too such excess again) then nearly died from embarrassment next when pretty much every camper near them thanked her for being the inspiration for their own passion filled night. 

There was no doubt regarding the deep love between her and Bruce. But Jess was going to keep watch over her husband; he was not going to take advantage of her this time.

---======---

The walk to the party was strangely quiet. Bruce's smile had Jessica thinking, every time that Bruce smiled like that sex soon followed, often accompanied by varying degrees of embarrassment for Jessica. Not that sex with Bruce was ever bad, far from it; she thought their sex life was great. It was just that Bruce seemed to find ways to put her in situations that made her uncomfortable if not deeply embarrassed. If he was up to something Jessica would have to be extra careful; she'd underestimated him before. She couldn't help but recall the last night of their honeymoon. Oh yes she'd seen that smile then. She let her mind drift back in quiet reverie.

Their week in The Islands had been perfect and Jessica was determined to make sure it ended just so. A final dinner had given her to opportunity to tease Bruce mercilessly. The sundress she was wearing seemed to have button problems; they kept popping open. She teased her husband to the point of complaint. He leered at her, "You're going to have to walk in front me when we leave, you're button popping game has my zipper about to burst. I'm surprised you haven't slid off your chair."

Under normal circumstances she would have chastised him for using such language in public even if he was correct. But tonight was different, and Jessica just smiled. Teasing Bruce (or even worse, being teased by him) usually meant she was dripping wet, which she was. What Bruce didn't know was that she had surreptitiously tucked one of the restaurant napkins under her bottom, and judging by the coolness she was experiencing, it was soaked.

The waiter returned to their table inquiring about dessert. Jessica had spoken right up, "Just the bill please, we're having dessert in our room." All the while directing a dazzling smile at her husband. The bill paid, Bruce excused himself to use the restroom, which was the moment Jessica chose to stand, extract the arousal scented napkin from beneath her, and rub it gently across his lips. 

"I was hoping that you would help me with my problem, but if you've got to go ... I guess I'll just head off to bed." Jessica moved immediately toward the door. She called out over her shoulder; "I hope I'm not asleep when you finally get there."

"Jess ... wait." The strained tone of his voice was music to her ears. She turned just enough to see him following her, half hunched over. She laughed musically skipping ahead then breaking into a run.

Once inside their room, Jessica moved aside quickly as Bruce sprinted to the bathroom. The sundress was removed and a white gossamer-like peignoir was quickly wrapped around her. She opened the sliding door to the balcony and stepped outside, closing the door behind. The light of another perfect sunset filled the sky. Walking to the railing she surveyed the visible balconies and was relieved to see them empty. There was an older couple sitting side by side on chaises below but all they would see was her back. With her back to the railing she saw her reflection in the glass with the beautiful tropical sunset behind her. She stepped her feet apart, then stepped further apart until the panels of her peignoir separated and they formed an inverted V, the apex of which framed the fact that she had completely shaven (right before dinner thank you) her pubic hair.

Everything was going according to her plan, Bruce would see her, marvel at her beauty and her new smoothness, bring her inside, and make love to her all night long - the perfect end to their honeymoon.

Bruce did see her; she had gotten that part right. That he would take off all of his clothes before opening the sliding door - that was unexpected but certainly not unpleasant. That he stepped out onto the balcony, not just naked, but naked with a huge erection - that was unnerving and extremely arousing (even after these few years of marriage the sight of his erection still affected her that way.)

But what he did next was so surprising that Jessica couldn't react until much too late. In one startlingly swift motion, Bruce stepped toward her, knelt and lunged forward to grip the railing so that his arms were between her legs. Jessica was immobilized as she couldn't lift her legs over his arms without losing her balance. Bruce began to acquaint himself with Jessica's fully exposed and very smooth mons. Her attempted complaints were overwhelmed by louder moans as his tongue and lips feasted on her clit.

The loudness of her moan even startled her into trying to suppress any further vocalizations. Her effort only intensified the growing pressure of her pleasure. Wave after wave of ecstasy built up and crashed upon her until her resistance crumbled completely. A loud scream announce her orgasm, thank God Bruce knew to cease any further clitoral stimulation. Then he was standing before her and she felt his cock pushing into her.

"OHGODFUCKMEFUCKMERIGHTNOW!" And he did, until her orgasms became an unending cascade of pleasure. Then he had spun her around, bending her over the railing and entered her from behind. Jessica was overwhelmed in ecstasy until she looked down and saw the older couple watching her -- masturbating each other, his hand up her skirt, hers moving vigorously in his shorts. Bruce had worn her out that night and it wasn't until the next morning that she complained her humiliation (to say nothing of her soreness regarding the upcoming six hour flight!) Of course they ran into the older couple at the airport and they just had to thank Jessica for inspiring them with such a wanton display of love and lust. That was so embarrassing!

Things had a way of working out in Bruce's favor, even when they weren't supposed to. Jessica knew he was up to something, she just knew it. 

"Twenty one -- oh -- six. This is the place. Remember no complaints about what they might serve okay. Promise me you'll be..." Jess stopped speaking as the door opened. 

A tall vivacious Asian woman, wrapped in a revealing sarong, stood before them. While not exactly transparent, the sarong might as well have been. The fabric clung effortlessly to the woman's lithe form of smallish breasts capped by puffy and apparently brown nipples. There was a glow that shone about the woman, as if she had been in a hurry to answer the door -- or maybe she'd been busy doing something else? Based on what she was wearing (what there was of it) Jessica wondered if they had surprised their hostess while she was changing her clothes. "Jessica, I'm so glad you're here. And you must be Bruce. I'm Kim, welcome to the neighborhood and welcome to my home. Let me give you the nickel tour."

Kim turned and led the way through her spacious home. She pointed out the living room, a formal dining room, and the kitchen as they walked. Bruce leaned toward his wife. "I for one would like to see you wearing what our hostess is...or isn't." His eyes were glued to the wonderful sway of Kim's bottom as it moved beneath the diaphanous material. Jess elbowed her husband in the ribs as she acknowledged that their hostess was in fact completely nude beneath her sarong.

Past the kitchen they entered a great room with a panoramic view of the backyard. Jessica was about to say something to her husband when her vision filled with the view of the backyard; a loud gasping "ohmigod" quickly followed. There was no doubt that backyard was beautifully landscaped. It was also filled with people in various states of undress -- some, most in fact, were walking around completely unclothed.

Kim paused and turned. "It takes my breath away too sometimes. Greg insisted on a backyard that would suit our style of entertaining. The perimeter plantings screen us from the..."

Jessica nearly choked as she pointed. "But...but...they're naked."

Kim turned to her new neighbor. "Well yes Jessica, how else would we celebrate Nude Day? Although I prefer to call it, jour au natural, it sounds...more natural. So that's what I put on the invitations, now this is a day worth celebrating." 

Bruce began to laugh. "You'll have to forgive us Kim. I think Jess may have mistranslated your invitation. She was under the impression that this was an "all natural" party: you know, natural foods, natural skin care products, natural cleaning stuff -- like a neighborhood sales party."

"All natural?" Kim began to giggle. " Oh I get it -- all natural/au natural. Oh my goodness, you weren't expecting this were you. I'm so sorry, I should have been clearer. Oh my, this is all my fault."

Kim reached out and grasped Jessica's hands. "Jessica I need to apologize to you and your husband. When I talked to you the other day I should have been more specific ... you know, the whole au natural, all natural thing. I completely understand if you're feeling uncomfortable. You're most certainly are not under any obligation to disrobe. So there's no need to worry if you're a little bit embarrassed or a little bit excited." Kim glanced over at Bruce and flashed him a wonderfully sexy smile.
