 I thought about the sexual adventure I was having with Angel—how wild, imaginative and honest it was. Role playing lets us be more uninhibited and explore places we might not otherwise go. I thought about how we played off of each other and got so fully into each other's games. There was definitely chemistry between us and I found myself wanting to know her better and to take what started as play to another level. So that night when it was my turn to create a fantasy role play, I decided to do something different.

I knocked on her screen door and she called, "Come in, dear."

I didn't expect the "dear," but when I entered and saw she was pouring each of us a glass of wine, I was surprised and impressed. She was wearing the same silky kimono from our first night. It came tantalizingly just below her crotch area revealing her well toned legs. Her kimono was loosely tied and revealed just enough cleavage to leave lots to my imagination—sometimes more of a turn-on than seeing everything exposed. Angel knew what she was doing when she handed me my wine and our fingers touched. We clicked glasses. She looked me in the eyes, smiling and stood very close for a moment before moving towards the sofa. She sat down and patted the seat next to her inviting me to sit down. 

Except for her first words inviting me in, we didn't speak—just looked at each other. Still, the room was charged with our contained sexual energy. 

We both sipped our wine, still silent, looking at each other, smiling. 

She then put one bent leg up on the couch, placing her chin on her knee as she looked at me. 

"So what did you have in mind, tonight?" she asked, coyly.

Putting her one leg up like that caused her kimono to open slightly, revealing her entire thigh; the other foot was on the floor and her legs were slightly spread allowing me to almost see her pussy but not quite. 

"What a tease she is," I thought, looking at her hidden treasure. 

"Sooooo-- what should we do?" she said, smiling "What's on your mind?"

"I have a little game I'd like to try that I think will help us get to know each other better." 

"What kind of game?" 

"It's simple. It's called 'Like—Dislike.' We take turns telling each other what we like and dislike about having sex."

"Hmmmmm. Sounds interesting." She took a sip of wine. "You go first."

Angel then brought her other leg up on the couch and turned facing me. She now sat Indian style or yoga style with her feet on each ankle. Again, her kimono was high on her legs, barely covering her crotch. 

I took a sip of wine and looked her in the eyes, then said, "I like her sexy tight jeans and can't help grabbing her round ass and rubbing my cock against her cunt getting both of us hot as we grind harder and harder against each other and hearing her moan and say Fuck me! I want it bad!" I paused and took another sip of wine. 

She looked at me, smiling, "Ummmmmm!" 

I continued. "I dislike her letting me do all the moving and her being passive. She likes it but isn't responding. "

Angel nodded, taking a sip of wine. "My turn, now."

"Right."

"I like when he licks my pussy, slow and teasing at first and then harder, fucking me with his tongue and I grab his head pulling him deeper and he's making me juicy and I know he's loving it and I cum hard, knowing I'm going to cum again when he fucks me."

She looked me in the eyes when she spoke then took another sip of wine. 

"I dislike it when he's rushing 'cause I know he doesn't care about me and just wants to fuck me. That's a turn-off."

I nodded and smiled, letting her know I understood. 

I paused a moment to think of what to say. She was leaning slightly forward and I could see her tits as the kimono slid open. I looked her in the eyes before I spoke.

"I like when she's lying in front of me on the bed with her legs wide open and I'm kneeling between her legs with my hard cock in my hand moving it up and down her wet cunt, teasing and having her lift herself up wanting it and finally she yells, "Fuck me! Fuck me!" 

When I described that last scenario, my cock got hard in my shorts. I noticed her looking at the big tent. I didn't care and wanted her to see it. 

"I dislike when she lets me fuck her and lies there but doesn't seem responsive. She's just letting me fuck her but not giving back." 

Angel shifted her position and stretched her legs straight out so that they were now on my lap, her foot leaning on my erection. "Mind if I rest my legs there?" she asked. 

"Not at all," I said. "So what's your next like?" I asked, feeling her feet against my cock. 

"I like when he starts off gentle and slow and then we both are getting so hot that he gets rough and fucks me harder and harder 'cause he knows how turned on I am and he pulls out and rams his hard cock into me until I'm screaming for him to fuck me harder. Fuck me! Fuck me! I like being taken."

When she spoke her kimono had risen higher on her legs. She spread her legs slightly so that I could now see her cunt peeking out from the edge of her kimono. 

"I dislike it when he cums so fast and then stops, leaving me unsatisfied and I have to finish myself off. That's bummer." 

I put my glass down on the table next to the couch. The only light in the room was the lamp on the table. I liked the way her feet felt on my cock and started to rub them, massaging the soles.

"Mmmmmm that feels good. I like that," she said. "Opps, I got an extra 'I like'—it's your turn." She finished her wine and put the glass on the floor. 

"I like coming up behind her while she's doing something and reaching in front of her, grabbing both her tits and then grinding my cock into the crack of her ass, whispering in her ear, 'I want to fuck you' and she gasps and starts wiggling her ass against me, letting me know she's horny, too. I then move one hand on her mound, moving my finger against her cunt, pulling her harder against my cock and I like how she spreads her legs, pushing her ass against my hard cock, making moaning sounds as she gets hornier."

I noticed Angel's mouth was open as she listened. She was looking intently at my eyes and moved her foot back and forth over my cock. I continued rubbing her foot. 

"I dislike when I take the chance and grab her by the tits and she continues what's she's doing and says, "I'm busy, now...I like spontaneity." Angel smiled and commented, "hmmmm...spontaneity is great."

I nodded, surer now that there really was a chemistry or something like that between us. 

"Okay, my turn," she said, looking up at the ceiling as if her muse were there. She then faced me, smiled and said, "I'm ready."

I moved my hand from her foot and started gently massaging her calf.

"I like being ravished after dancing real close to him and I can feel his hard cock against me and we're practically fucking while were dancing and he takes me out to the alley in back of the club and pushes me hard against the wall, rips my panties off, bends me over, spreads my legs and rams his hard cock into my wet, horny pussy and I'm screaming fuck me fuck me and he says I like your tight cunt and really rams his cock into me and we both cum at the same time and he says come home with me and I say let's go..."

"Wow that's a hot one" I said, feeling turned on. 

"Yeah, I really let loose on that one," she said, "This is fun, but I don't know if I can continue."

"Why?" I asked, smiling. 

"You know why," she said. "My pussy's wet from that one."

"Play with your self," I said. "Let me watch you." 

"Only if you do," she said. "Tell me what you like and we'll masturbate together," she added, biting her lower lip and looking me in the eyes. 

"I like when we've met in a bar for the first time. We're pretty drunk. She's wearing a tight black dress that clings to her. I like how her thigh feels as I move my hand up under her tight black dress and she whispers, let's get out of here. I like when we get to her apartment and we can't wait to fuck. I push her up against the wall and we're grinding hard against each other. I get down on my knees, rip off her panties, spread her legs and eat her pussy, licking harder and harder and she screams for me to fuck her, thrusting her cunt against me like she can't get enough. I like grabbing her ass and pulling her so I can really fuck her with my tongue. I find her clit and she screams EAT ME EAT ME as she squirts her cum juice all over my face."

"Oh wow that was hot," she said. She took her feet off my crotch, bent her legs so that her feet were on the couch, her legs spread and she had two fingers in her cunt. Watching her masturbate got my cock even harder. She was looking me in the eyes, enjoying how I was watching her.

"So what do you dislike?" she asked in a low, husky voice. 

I dislike when we get to her place and I'm ready to fuck and we've started getting into it and she says can we talk first. I then know we're not on the same page."

"That wouldn't happen to me, Thom," she says, her fingers going in and out of her pussy. 

I lower my shorts and my cock is standing straight up. She looks at it and says, "Play with your self while I tell you my like." 

"Can you do what you're doing and talk at the same time?" I ask. 

"We'll see," she says. She then takes her fingers out of cunt and offers them to me. "Suck my fingers," she says. "Here, lick my pussy juice." Before I do, she pulls her fingers away from my lips and wraps her hand around my cock and rubs her pussy juice on my cock. "This will make it easier to jerk off," she says. 

I love how her hand feels going up and down my pole, coating it with her juices. 

She leans back and puts her finger in her pussy. At first she closes her eyes and moves her fingers in and out, biting her lower lip. She then opens her eyes and smiles at me.

"I don't know if I can continue," she says.

My legs are stretched out in front of me and, my hands going up and down on my cock. 

She takes a breath and says, "Okay, I like when he ties my hands and feet to the bed posts and I'm naked and spread eagle. I'm not blind folded and can see everything but I'm helpless. He's on his knees, sitting up-right, his cock just above my cunt and he's hovering over me. He looks down at me and says, "Now that I've captured you, I'm going to fuck you." I say, "Oh please don't sir, let me go." 

While she's talking her fingers are going faster and faster in her cunt and I'm pumping my hand harder and harder on my cock. 

"He hovers over me and starts sucking my tits real hard, his cock at the edge of my pussy. "let me go I scream, but feel his cock above my pussy and every time I say let me go I'm lifting my ass up to get to his cock."

She's puts three fingers in her cunt and moving them in and out faster. She stops talking and we're watching each other. 

"Ohhhmy god!" she moans.

"I love watching you fuck yourself," I say. 

"I'm so hot," she says. "God your cock is so big."

"You got me horny. Can you continue? I want to hear more."

"I'll try." She pauses, swallows. "You're mine and you want me to fuck you, don't you?" he says. "Please, please, I'll be good. I promise." I'm trying to escape his cock but arching up to it. He gets his hand under me, grabs by ass and pulls me up and he slams his cock into me and I scream, "Ohhhhhhhgod Fuck me! Yes, Fuck me!"

She's moving her fingers harder and harder and I'm jerking off faster and faster.

She pulls her fingers out, reaches her arms towards me and says, "I can't stand it. I'm going to cum. Fuck me Thom. I need you in me." 

She slides down, lying on her back, her legs wide open. I turn, get on my knees and grab her ankles, placing them on my shoulder.

FUCK ME!" she screams. 

Both of us are just about ready to burst and I thrust deep into her with a grunt and pull out and ram into her as hard as I can. We're out of our minds. She shakes my hands off her ankles, wraps her strong legs around my back and lifts herself up so that when I ram her, she falls back on the couch, screaming OHHHHHHHYES. I LOVE IT FUCK "Oh ME FUCK ME! 

I don't think I've ever fucked anyone so hard in my life. We're so in tuned with each other now we're like one as our bodies move intensely "I love your hot tight cunt, baby. I love it. I love fucking you. ohhhhyes. Oh oh oh. OH OH!' I'M CUMMMMING!"

"Me,too. Me, too. Ohhhhhyes, I'm there. Ohhhhhgod FUCK ME! , FUCK ME! OH YES I'M CUMMMMING OH GIVE IT TO ME GIVE IT ME DON'T STOP OHHHHHHHHHHMYGOD FUCK ME HARDER HARDER FUCKKKKKKKKK!YES!

I explode in her feeling spurt after spurt fill her pussy and she says, CUM IN ME! CUM IN ME!" and I do, seconds behind her intense orgasm. She holds me in her with her legs wrapped around me. I can't move and just lay on top of her, her tits pressed against my chest, both of us gasping for air. 

Finally, I lift my head and we look each other in the eyes, smiling. I lean forward and we kiss each other deeply, passionately, our kissing telling each other how much we enjoy each other, that this is now beyond just fucking. Something has clicked between us through our adventurous role playing that has created a bond of genuine affection—as if we now knew each other without ever sharing anything personal. 

We kissed for several minutes then I lifted my head and looked down at her. We smiled--still, no words. 

"Something special has happened, hasn't it?" I asked. 

"Yes," she said. 

"I feel like I know you and yet I know so little about you," I said.

"Me, too, Thom," she said, running her fingers tenderly through my hair.

"You know I'm leaving tomorrow, don't you?" I said. 

"Yes." She answered. "I knew this was our last night." 

We look at each other, silently. My deflated cock is on her belly and I can feel her wet pussy on my thigh as it rests between her legs. 

"Don't go back to your cabin," she says, softly. "Stay with me. I want to wake up with you in the morning."

"I'd like that, too," I said. 

We didn't move from the couch for a while, enjoying the feel of each other's body. 

Finally, she pushes me up, grabs my hand and takes me into her bedroom. She pulls back the covers and we crawl in and cuddle, kissing, holding, rubbing each other, feeling close and warm but still we don't speak. We dozed off in each other's arms. 

When I woke up, she was on her side. We had slept, spooning each other, my arm over her. I felt my cock at the crack of her ass. I started rubbing it against her ass, then reached over and gently started playing with her nipple. At first she didn't move then I felt her move her ass as my cock got harder. I started kneading her tits and heard her purr, ummmmmm. Keep doing that." 

She then reached her arm over me, got her hand on my ass and pulled me against her, while she continued wiggling against my cock. She turned her face toward me and whispered, "Give me a good morning fuck." 

"You're my dream girl, Angel," I whispered back. 

"Except I'm real and we're not dreaming," she said, smiling up at me.

I was rubbing my cock between her legs when she rolled onto her stomach and spread her legs. I got on top of her back, my cock at the entrance of her pussy. She reached up, grabbed a pillow and put it under her, so that her ass was elevated. 

I held my cock and started moving it up and down the outside of her wet pussy. She was moving her ass so my cock was going into her. "Oh I like how you feel," she said, softly. "I like it. I like it. Keep doing that. You're getting me so hot, baby."

I then thrust into her and she gasped. "Ohhhhhhyes."

I loved how responsive she was, how she told me what she liked. It urged me on. "I love fucking you," I whispered. "I love how tight you are." 

"Come on, baby, do me. do it to me. fuck me. I want it hard, now."

I got my hands under her and lifted her so that she was now on her knees. I got up on my knees and had more power from this angle and rammed my cock into her harder and faster. Ram! Ram! Ram! Ram!

Angel turned her face towards me and I had my hands on her hips as I thrust into her as hard as I could. 

She screamed at me--"That's it. Fuck me. Give it to me. Harder. Damn it. Harder!" 

The harder I fucked, the louder she screamed. 'OHHHHHHHGOD YES YES YES. I'M, CUMMING FUCK ME. OHHHHHHGOD I'M CUMMING." 

I felt her shudder and shiver as an orgasm swept over her and she screamed, "YESSSSSSSSOH YESSSSS!" She then collapsed on the bed, rolled over on her back, knowing I hadn't cum yet and she wrapped her strong legs around my back and pulled me into her.

"Cum for me, baby. I want you to fill me with your cum."

I was almost there and thrust deep into her open wet pussy and pounded her. causing the bed to squeak as my cock went in and out with all my strength. I felt just on the verge of exploding. My sperm was boiling and suddenly burst forth as I felt her tight cunt milk me with each thrust."OH. OH. OH OH" I yelled with each thrust. "FUCK ME! FUCK ME!"

" Cum in me. Come on, baby give it to me." 

Ohh god I'M CUMMMING! I'M CUMMING!" 

Finally, I collapsed on her, completely spent, gasping for air and unable to speak. She was rubbing my hair, panting. We felt close and I lay there thinking what a wonderful woman, this person is. I felt so at peace and so fulfilled with her.

"I can't bear the thought of leaving you this morning," I said. 

"It's been quite an adventure, hasn't it," she responded. 

"Yes, it has." I said. 

"Well, don't be surprised if I show up at your cabin one day and say, "Surprise."

"I'd like that," I said and smiled. 

-------------------------------------------------------- Driving home that day, I thought about Angel. We exchanged phone numbers and e-mail addresses and left wondering if we would ever add another chapter to this adventure. 

All this happened, over a year ago. We e-mailed. Played phone sex a few times. She got her chick lit book published and my novel is at a publisher now. She said she's going back to Hickory Run next summer, gave me the dates and that was the last I heard from her for a few months. Then I got an e-mail that said she was getting married and that she would never forget me.

I wrote back and said congratulations and that I would never forget her. 

"C'est le vie."