 He was at work and I couldn't wait for him to get home. We had been sexting all day, like we usually do. However, I was extra horny today and needed to touch my pussy. He doesn't like it when I touch myself without letting him know and sharing/showing him what I'm doing. I thought maybe if I just barley touch it, just for a few minutes, I'd be okay...I couldn't pull my hand back. 

I started off slow, rubbing my clit softly through my panties in slow circles. Before I knew it, my fingers were moving faster and pressing harder against my swelling clit. I couldn't help but slide my panties to the slide to feel how wet I had made myself. I knew I needed to stop, but I couldn't Up and down, I slid my fingers between my pussy lips, spreading my leaking juices up over my clit. It felt so good. I slid a finger into my vagina and pumped it slowly. One finger won't hurt. Then there were two, then three. I couldn't get enough. I threw my head back in pleasure as I kept pushing myself closer and closer to the edge. Just as I felt myself get to the edge...

"Hey, babe!" he yelled up to me. "Do you need anything from the market? I need to get some things to make dinner."

"Umm..." I threw my head up. "Give me a minute and I'll come with you!" I thought if I said I was coming down, he wouldn't come up. I quickly got out of bed and threw a skirt and crop top on and ran downstairs. 

He took one look at me, "How could you?"

I debated for a second whether I should play dumb or confess. "How could I what?"

"Your face is flushed and your hair's a mess. Don't try and hide the juices dripping down your legs. I could smell your pussy before you came down the stairs. You were masturbating." He said to me through a smirk.

I broke, "I just couldn't wait! I'm sorry. I was just so horny...You took forever to get home." He just stared at me with a disapproving smirk. I slowly walked up to him, and bit my lip, "I promise I'll make it up to you!!" Then I kissed him on the lips apologetically. 

He smiled at me and said, "Get your sexy ass in the car." He smacked my ass as I walked past him to the garage.

Once we were in the car and out of the garage, I slid my hand over to the top of his thigh. I ran my finger tips up and down slowly getting closer to his crotch. I unbuckled my seatbelt and got onto my knees on the seat. I leaned down and licked his crotch before slowly undoing his belt and zipper. I pulled his cock and started sucking on his head. I swirled my tongue around it, my saliva coating it and dripping down his shaft. I slowly began to take more and more of it into my mouth. He pulled my skirt up over my ass, flashing my soaked panties to any one driving by. Each time he saw someone looking, he smacked my ass, making sure it jiggled just for their pleasure.

I could feel his cock throb every time someone checked out my ass. As he drove and people stared, he got closer and closer to bursting. I could tell he was trying to hold off. I kept taking him fully down my throat and rubbing my tongue against his shaft until he shot his load down my throat. I continued sucking the tip as the last drops shot from his cock. By the time I had licked up the mess I had made, we were at the market.

We walked into the supermarket hand in hand. I could feel the puddle of juices soaking my panties. My hair was a mess and there was a small drop of him still on my chin. He yanked me to the side just before the entrance of the store. First, he ran his fingers through my hair in an attempt to tame it. Then he swiped his thumb across my chin and slipped it between my lips to suck off what I had missed. I lightly sucked on his thumb as I swirled my tongue around it making sure to tease him just a little. 

I guess I went a little too far, because he pushed me lightly against a wall and kissed my lips passionately. He felt down my body before squeezing and then smacking my ass. 

He kissed his way across my cheek to my ear and whispered, "Give me your panties." Then he kissed my lips before pulling away and looking me in the eyes with a smirk across his face. 

I looked around before slowly reaching up under my skirt and pushing them down over my ass and allowing them to fall to my ankles. I slipped one leg out and lifted my other leg to bring my panties up to my hand. Then I grabbed his hand and placed them in his open fist while keeping my eyes locked on his as I bit my lip. He felt how wet they were and I saw his bulge twitch slightly. He slid them in his pocket while simultaneously adjusting his semi to look less obvious. He then leaned back in and kissed me grabbing a handful of my ass sliding under just enough to feel the juices dripping down my thigh. 

I felt his cock twitch against me before he pulled away saying, "Let's go inside, babe." 

I turned to walk in and he smacked my ass making me a jump a little. We kept walking and I got a basket and started grabbing the few things we needed.

I headed back towards the wine section. I bent down to see what was on the bottom shelf, making sure that my skirt rid up enough that my ass and pussy lips were in clear view of everyone else in the aisle. He stopped dead in his tracks and admired the view as his cock began to grow, fighting to break out of his jeans. He cleared his throat as he squatted down to "tie his shoe". When no one was looking, he smacked my ass before spreading my ass cheeks and placing his face in between them. I gasped at his tongue's first touch, almost dropping a bottle. I put it back on the shelf just in time; I jolted upright as he thrusted his tongue inside of me. He smacked my ass and stood back up as people started to turn around. I know we both wished we didn't have to stop be we knew we'd be kicked out if we were caught.

I was completely soaked and full of excitement. He kissed me again and I could taste my juices on his lips. As we roamed the supermarket, we found ourselves in the more secluded furniture department. We turned down an empty aisle and he slid his hand under my skirt and start playing with my dripping pussy. 

"Fuck..." he said lightly under his breath. "I didn't think you could get any wetter than you were outside."

I smirked and blushed before he spun me around. I grabbed his muscular arm as it wrapped around my body. He began moving his fingers faster over my clit as I rocked my hips, grinding his fingers harder against me and my ass against his cock. I felt it getting harder and harder against me, trying to burst through his pants. I reached around behind me and started lightly rubbing my hand against his bulge. As he brought me closer to an orgasm, my moans started slipping out of my mouth. He covered my mouth with the other hand and kept going, slowly getting faster pushing me over the edge forcing me to cum on his fingers. 

Before I could even begin to regain myself, he pushed me out of the aisle and to the nearest table. He lifted me up and sat me on it before pushing me down onto my back. He lifted my skirt to expose my juicy pussy to the store air. He lightly grazed his fingers between my slit before sliding two fingers inside. I looked up at him as he pulled my top down to expose my tits. He leaned down to suck on one nipple and then the next as he slowly pumped his fingers in and out of me. He gradually pumped faster and faster as I arched my back in pleasure. 

I kept trying to hold back my moans but I couldn't help but let him know how good he was making me feel. He covered my mouth once more as he started flicking my g-spot over and over. I started trying to break free from his grasp as I knew I wouldn't be able to stay quiet with what was about to come next. He didn't care. He looked me dead in my eyes as I began to get onto his level of not caring. I eventually stopped fighting and gave in to his fingers. He rocked his fingers inside of me hard and fast pushing me over the edge. I grabbed a pillow off a nearby shelf and shoved it into my face to keep my screams quiet. I had it in place just in time...I started squirting in the middle of the store.

Once he had gotten out everything I had in me, he stepped back to admire his work. My juices were pooling and dripping off the edge of the table into a puddle on the tile floor. I slowly sat up and grabbed him by his belt and pulled his body between my legs for a "thank you" kiss. I felt his cock poke my swollen pussy lips through his jeans and I couldn't wait any longer. I needed his cock inside of me.

I started unzipping his pants and desperately demanded, "Get that fat cock inside of me, now." 

Only he wasn't willing to give in entirely to my demands just yet. He grabbed me by my hair and walked to the side of the table. He pulled me back onto my back before spinning me through my juices to hang my head off the edge of the table upside down. He grabbed the pillow I had used to cover my face and placed it under my neck to make me more comfortable. 

He pulled his cock out of his pants and let it flop down onto my face. I stuck out my tongue and begin lightly grazing it across his shaft before reaching above my head to grab his ass. I opened my mouth and pulled his body closer to my head forcing his cock slowly down my throat. After a few pumps, his cock became drenched in my drool. He continued thrusting his cock down my throat over and over as he spread my legs wide open. For a few seconds, he just stared at my glistening pussy. He lightly slid his hands down my thighs to rub my labia and back up knowing I wanted more. I was about to protest as he shoved his cock deep down my throat, his balls smacking me in the face. In that very second, he smacked my clit with a quick slap. My scream was muffled by his fat cock.

He yanked his cock from my lips to let my drool drip down my face. He spun me around, pulled me off the table and then bent me back over it before I could even process what had happened. Then he guided his cock between my pussy lips. I groaned in anticipation as he just slid his cock back and forth over my clit between my thighs. I kept thinking, "stick it in now...now...now..now..." with the beat of his thrusts in hope that he would enter me. Time after time I was wrong. I reached back and grabbed his arms as the held tightly to my hips. 

He let go and pulled out and I had given up hope. I assumed he was just going to make me wait until we got home. I started to stand up when he bent me back down and forced his entire length deep inside of me. I felt every inch throughout my entire body as it stretched my tight pussy. I let out one loud moan before covering my own mouth desperately not wanting to get caught at this moment.

But it was too late. I was devastated to hear footsteps coming our way. He pulled out and put his cock away as I tucked my tits back into my shirt. He grabbed my hand and we ran over to the next aisle to find someone there. We kept running until we found an empty one. 

He pulled me in and shoved me up against the shelf and pull your cock back out. I was so relieved to see it again; thankful that this adventure wasn't over. I lifted one of my legs up onto the shelf and braced myself for his fat cock. This time, he knew better than to waste time teasing me. He pushed his cock back inside of me and reached around to grab my ass. He pulled my hips to meet his as his cock plunged deep inside of me, out and back again. I tried to bite my tongue to keep from being too loud. I grabbed at the shelf above me to try and steady myself as he pounded into me over and over. I thought I had control over my excitement for the moment so I started rubbing my clit.

He moved one hand up my chest to pull my tits back out. He stared at them as they bounced from his thrusting. Then he wrapped his fingers around my throat and squeezed, just not enough to cut of my breathing. He felt my pussy gush, making him fuck me even harder. My fingers started moving faster and my legs started shaking. He ran his arm under the leg that was on the shelf to pull it up higher and to hold me steady. Some of the supplies on the shelf began falling off and making a lot of noise but he couldn't care less. 

He kept plowing into me. I couldn't hold anything back anymore. He knew I was about to cum so he shoved his hand into my mouth to keep me quiet as he forced his cock deeper than it had ever been before. With that final thrust, my orgasm ripped through my body. This one took me by complete surprise. I made no sound; I was completely speechless. My mouth was wide open and my eyes rolled into the back of my head and my entire body tensed up and froze as if I were possessed. 

With everything shaking and spazzing, my juices poured out of me all over his cock. This sudden rush pushed him over the edge almost simultaneously. I felt his cock throbbing inside of my swollen pussy as he shot rope after rope deep inside of me filling me up with everything he had. My orgasm was still hitting me hard for longer than I had ever felt before. My pussy squeezed around his cock as it milked every drop. He kept his cock inside of me as we both calmed down, his cum trapped inside of me. 

He finally pulled out and squatted to sit eye-level with my pussy. Holding my legs wide apart, he rubbed my swollen clit in circles as his cum slowly began pouring out of me onto the tile floor. We quickly tucked everything away and circled back to collect out basket from where we left it in the furniture section. My puddle was still on the table and floor. We went to check out and let the staff know that someone had spilled "water" in the furniture section.

We got into his car and he drove us home as we sang along to the blasting radio. When we got there, we unpacked the groceries and he made us dinner as I hopped in the shower to freshen up and wash my juices off my back and out of my hair. I put my short, silky robe and walked out to join him in the kitchen for dinner. As we ate and talked and laughed, I kept catching him staring at my nipples as they poked through the fabric. Once we had finished eating, he hopped in the shower as I loaded the dish washer. I finished before he was out which only meant one thing...he was waiting for me to join him.

I ran upstairs, stripping off my clothes and throwing them on my way up. I stopped in the doorway and saw him slowly jerking his cock through the frosted glass door. I bit my lip and slowly opened the door. 

"Do you want any help?" I asked in a scandalous tone. 

He slowly turned towards me, his cock standing firmly. I didn't hesitate to slide in and get down on my knees. I started sucking his cock as the water ran down my body. I slid my hand down to my pussy and started rubbing my clit slowly. He threw his head back from the water and moaned as I pleasured his ever-growing cock.

I stood up and poured some soap into the palm of my hand. I started to later my tits and ran my hands down my body to my pussy then around to my ass. I ran them back around and started to lather up his cock. As I stroked, he fondled my ass. He pulled me into him, forcing his cock between my legs. He thrusted his cock back and forth as I squeezed my legs around him.

He lifted one of my legs up over his shoulders as he grabbed his cock with his other hand and guided his cock inside of me. He slowly started thrusting his cock as deep as he could. Faster and faster, his cock pounded my pussy. I tried to grab onto something to keep my balance. It was too slippery so he pulled out and spun me around, shoving me into the shower wall.

He bent me over and spread my legs apart. He guided his cock over my clit and between my pussy lips before slowly sliding it inside of me. I moaned as his cock spread me apart. He didn't waste anytime. He started pounding my pussy, soapy water splashing everywhere. He reached around and started rubbing my swollen clit in fast circles. Both of us moaning and groaning, I'm surprised our neighbors didn't call alter to complain. We were both so sensitive after the day we had, we were both about to burst. 

With a few final deep thrusts, I could feel his cock throbbing inside of me. I rubbed my clit to orgasm as I felt a few ropes of cum shooting deep into me. Once he was spent, we both slowly climbed out of the shower and dropped down onto the bed, our naked bodies feeling the nice cool air of the bedroom. I cuddled up against him and we fell asleep.