 SHOP GIRL FANTASIES #1: It's not what you know.....

Up until now, Allan had had it pretty sweet. He was the only one of his friends that had managed to get to the age of 26 without actually having to enter the rat race of society. He had managed to just work in college holidays to get beer money, and had enough saved up from the job he'd had while at school and what was left of his student loans after finishing (amazing what not buying any text books will do!) to blag his way through. 

However, he could put it off no longer-his bank account was as overdrawn as would allow and his folks were just about tapped out too. He was gonna have to bite the bullet and get himself out to work.

He went through his options and considered what was available to someone in his position. He didn't want to be stuck in an office or have to wear a suit. He only wanted to work the exact number of hours he had to, to get by paying the rent and bills, with enough left to go out in the evenings. If he could find somewhere near to a pub or bar that would be even better-he could just roll out of work and into the pub-great stuff!

Always the idealist, he grabbed that week's local paper in hope of the perfect position. Advert after advert for call centre and temp jobs were pretty much the standard-Allan's nightmare positions. However, flicking through the smaller ads to get to the sports pages, a small boxed ad caught his eye. Well, it wasn't so much the ad as the logo at he top of the ad that he noticed. It was one he was all too familiar with after 4 years at the place it belonged to. 

It appeared that the city college were seeking a shop supervisor to work 35 hours during the new term. Could that be any more ideal, he thought to himself? Decent money, close by, not too many hours and easy enough work. Plus he already knew his way around. He looked down at the contact details and saw a name he recognised. It was the recruitment officer who worked in the reception block-a mousy, unassuming looking young woman who just happened to owe him a favour. While at College, he had come back late from a Student party to find this particular lady stripped totally naked lying on the kitchen table being roughly fucked up the ass by one of Allan's housemates.

As the woman's husband happened to be the head of Allan's course, she was naturally eager to keep this quiet and in her position in admin, she made Allan's life somewhat easier when he missed deadlines or needed a sneak at test papers. 

Back in the present, Allan noticed that the application date had passed, but thought he may be able to chance it anyway. He picked up the phone and tapped in the woman's number. It rang twice before a familiar voice picked up.

"Hello admin block, Claire Shaw speaking, how can I help?"

Allan was pleased she had picked up directly herself.

"Yes, I'd like to apply for the shop job please" Allan answered confidently. 

Claire replied quickly "I'm very sorry but that is not possible...." Before being interrupted by the potential applicant.

"To everyone else maybe, but I'm sure you can make an exception?"

Claire seemed somewhat hacked off by the caller's attitude and replied with a sterner tone. 

"I'm sorry, but that job closed 4 days ago, interviewing takes place tomorrow and all the holes are filled!"

Again, the caller swiftly responded "And you'd know all about that wouldn't you?" Claire was now very angry at the callers unpleasant attitude but was trained to handle difficult situations with sufficient calm.

"I'm sorry but....." this time she didn't even get to finish before Allan Answered back, she clearly didn't know who was calling but he was sure she would remember the situation "You seemed to be quite an expert on getting your hole filled in my kitchen 2 years ago, Mrs Shaw!"

Immediately, the silence on the other end told him she remembered, however, she tried to bluff her way out. 

"I beg your pardon, I should report you to my senior or even the police, this is harassment!" 

Allan was unmoved, he just needed to remind her who he was.

"36 East Avenue, 5th December 2001 about 2.15 am" he responded, "I came home to find you bent over getting your ass reamed by my flatmate John, ring any bells now love?" 

This time the answer was very swift "Allan, is that you?" 

"The very same" came the quick reply.

Hearing Claire's voice along with bringing up the situation again had caused a slight stir in his pants, and as he spent most days around the house alone, he just hung around in a T-shirt and boxer shorts and could see a small bulge growing in the corner of his eye. 

"I still can't do anything" came the now quivering reply "the dates gone". 

Allan was not going to give up. He wanted that job and was going to chance his arm a bit further yet.

"Now that John's long gone, I bet you're crying out for a good hard seeing to again aren't you" he snarled, turning himself on as much as making an opening gambit in negotiations.

"I'm a married woman unless you're forgetting" came the angered reply "It was a drunken thing, I didn't know what I was doing".

Allan was surprised she was discussing the matter so openly, she must have been in the office alone. He thought he'd see how far he could take it.

"Looked like John did though to me" he replied, now really not caring as much about the job as talking to the woman he had seen in all her glory, remembering the sight of her bouncing on the table as her knees buckled every time John pumped into her, a thought now causing the tip of his hardening cock to peek out from the top of his shorts, "John looked like he knew exactly what he was doing to you, and from the noises you were making you would have to agree I'd say."

"What would you know" Claire snapped back sharply, "You were there, what...20 seconds at most." Lowering his shorts clumsily with one hand, while keeping the phone firmly against his ear with the other, Allan closed his eyes and pictured Claire naked-a mental image which would always stay with him. He was shocked not primarily by the activity occurring when he walked in, but with the mousy woman's naked body. She was HOT!! The loose skirts and dark sweaters she wore to work did nothing for the shapely curves she kept beneath. Visualising her creamy skin and long slender legs, Allan slowly rubbed his palm along the length of his nearly fully erect penis.

"I saw enough" he replied, turning himself on more, the more he thought about it and the firmer he rubbed himself, "and I heard plenty". Not giving Claire time to answer, Allan continued his tale, now changing hands on the phone so he could wrap his favoured right hand around his now hard meat. 

"Why didn't you stop that night Claire, when I walked in and caught you? I know John wouldn't stop, its par for the course to find him at it with some tart or other, we've all seen his enviable cock in the showers, and pretty much every night some girl is impaled on it. But you're not the usual run of Student talent are you, you've got plenty to lose by being caught haven't you?"

Claire was now seriously floundering for a way out of this , not that she regretted the actual incident, just that she had been seen. She also noticed that Allan had stopped talking about the job altogether, and she could hear his breathing had quickened, she sensed he was over exciting himself and wondered if she could distract him from his initial objective altogether.

"OK" she blurted out, without really thinking too hard about it "I admit it, I enjoyed it, I didn't stop because I liked it, is that what you want to hear?" 

Allan was taken aback by her frank reply and also he found himself properly masturbating as he spoke.

"Is that what you like, you like it up the ass?" now sounding like someone phoning a specialist sex chat line rather than applying for a job. Claire considered her reply carefully this time, maybe a bit of amateur psychology would work, it always did on her husband. One guaranteed way of distracting Mr Shaw, she had discovered, was when he was off on one of his rants about modern art being all anyone was interested in nowadays and that a poster of Al Pacino with a machine gun was as close to an iconic work of art as "these philistine so called art students"( as he called them) would get, was to unzip his corduroy pants slip a hand inside and give his dick a little attention. 99% of the time he would forget completely what he was going on about beforehand. She tentatively offered a response 

"To be honest", she began "I've never had it like that before", but before Allan could react to this timid reply, she introduced her gameplan, "but when we got back to your flat, and he dropped his pants, I couldn't believe what I was looking at." 

Claire was now in danger of being caught up in her own plan. She too was casting her mind back to that night. It was a night she too would always remember. Allan was hoping to get her hooked into some sex chat so he could get himself off, and probed for more information. 

"You know what I mean" Claire continued, "when he undressed all I could see was cock, it was huge!"

Allan's cock twitched as he heard Claire break her straight laced phone voice for the first time. He could sense she was speaking with some wistful memory. It was true that John was well endowed. He was something of a legend in the hockey team, as he was the only player allowed to wear track pants instead of shorts, as the kit shorts could not contain his member. Allan remembered the first time he saw it himself. He was shocked by the size. He himself had no mean size, but John's was about 11" long when flaccid and guessed that when erect it could have been 16" or so. The strange thing Allan found, was that he enjoyed looking at it. He was not gay, and had not even been curious to experiment, but it was a thing he had noticed before. When he looked at porn, he often would find the sight of a very large flaccid penis as visually exciting as the woman's naked body.

"I know what you mean" Allan said to Claire, who had now felt herself becoming flushed in the office where she sat alone (He had assumed correctly earlier on), "It's hard not to look". "God only knows what it looked like when he got it hard" Claire had a very clear picture in her mind of that very moment. She had been so transfixed when it was first revealed to her, that she hadn't even noticed him undressing her until he stepped forward to lift off her sweater and felt it brush against bare skin. She looked down and saw that he had slid down her skirt, which now lay at her feet. His hot body was prickling against her cool smooth flesh. After he lifted her sweater over her head, he leaned forward and reached around to unclip her bra. Then he whispered in her ear, "I notice you like what you see, right?" Claire was now trembling with excitement as she felt the straps of her bra being lowered over her silky shoulders and down her arms until they dangled limply in John's fingertips "You wanna watch me it get hard?"

As Claire relived the experience in her minds eye, she was made aware of the front office door being opened and she looked at the clock. "Shit", she thought to herself, that's Pam back from lunch. If the truth be told, Claire didn't want to end the conversation either, as she had noticed her pubic area was becoming warm and sensitive. "Someone's come in" she hurriedly muttered down the phone "You've got to go". Allan was seriously pissed off now, as he had been steadily increasing his speed and firmness of stroke and had been well into his rhythm when this unsatisfactory conclusion had been offered. 

"What about this job" he now remembered, letting his cock go to avoid distraction. Claire's tactic had clearly not gone far enough, it appeared to have been a temporary measure only, as well as making her somewhat frustrated too. 

"I can't talk about it now, seriously, its too risky." Allan was pissed off, he had a throbbing hardon that badly needed finishing off though, and was resigned to letting the job matter go, so he could attend to his thick hard cock, when Claire interjected with a further comment.

"Get a pen" she said, before reading out a series of single digits, "Got that...." She asked on reading the last number out, "....call that in 2 minutes, that's my mobile, we can talk in private." Allan was now totally perplexed. Instead of putting down the phone, disappearing into the bathroom with his favourite magazine and jacking off until his balls were emptied into a tissue, he put down the receiver, sat down on the armchair next to the phone, and waited for what seemed to him like 2 minutes, then he picked up and carefully dialled the number he had been given (probably a fake, he thought as he dialled the last digit). It rang. It rang again. And again. And finally a fourth time, before an out of breath but nonetheless familiar voice responded.

"I said 2 minutes", was the answer. Allan then knew that the number was genuine.

"I just got out the office for Christ's sake." Claire had got out of the office for her hour's lunch break and was headed for the car park where she could sit in her car and talk about things privately. 

"So, where were we" offered Claire as she climbed into her blue Ford Ka and closed the door shut. Allan was hoping that he could continue the chat about Claire's extra marital activities rather than the job, which he really didn't care about that much now anyway, and so was gutted when Claire began, "Oh yes, that job wasn't it..." however, he soon perked up again when she continued "...or were you more interested in your friend's massive throbbing dick?"

Allan's cock had immediately stirred back into life at he mention of the subject and was now staring back up at him, a drop of clear viscous pre-cum glistening on the tip as it oozed from it's eye.

"I certainly know which I'm most interested in" Claire replied for him, as she pulled the crotch of her cream coloured panties to one side, running her index finger along the length of her vagina. It felt warm and clammy and she knew exactly what she needed. 

"I'm telling you Allan, I wish he were here right now, just thinking about it back there has made me so damn frisky that I could just climb of the bonnet of this car and get fucked right here and now and I don't care who saw."

Allan was in no doubt now that she was clearly as horny as he was and gripped his cock, with his left hand this time. Anything was now fair game, he felt, and thought they could help each other out. 

"Tell me what John did to you Claire, make me hard too, just like John was." 

Claire sat in the drivers seat and flicked her first and second fingers through her fluffy pubic hair as she recalled the tale to the eagerly listening caller.. 

"When I told him I wanted to watch him get hard, he backed away from me and sat in a grey armchair across the room. He told me to lower my bra and show him my tits. So I did and they spilled out. I was stood facing him in just my panties. He said I had beautiful big tits and he would love to suck them."

Allan was speeding up his rhythm again as he recalled the sight of Claire's bosom. When he had seen it, it was squashed beneath her , pressed between her slender body and the old wood table. Even then, he could see by the way that her upper torso rolled about on it that it was a cleavage of some size. John was like himself in the way he loved big natural tits, the bigger the better.

"Then he opened his legs up in the chair", Claire enthused, "and his big thick schlong just lay along the cushion, between his legs. He made me play with my tits and pinch my nipples while he just sat there smirking, and all the time his dick just appeared to lie dormant."

Allan's cock was anything but as he jerked his hand clumsily along its length making the end throb as he gripped it tight, sliding foreskin up over the deep pink head of his circumcised cock before violently jerking back down to reveal it once again. 

"Then he told me to lift my tits up and squash them together. Obviously, all the while the blood had been flowing into that snake of his because when I did as asked and began to kiss and lick my boobs, It suddenly began to rise and grow. Then he started to stroke it as he told me to lick my tits all over, and dribble my saliva all over them. Then he told me to come over and I knelt in front of him. He got me to wrap my tits around his cock and rub them up and down over it so the wet spit slipped all over it and suddenly, as I felt it stiffen rigid, another 4 or 5 inches seemed to up out of nowhere until it was hitting me in the face as he tit-fucked me."

"He told me to stop and go into the kitchen, and he followed me in, holding his cock with both hands to lift it. He told me that it took a lot of blood to make it that hard and it wouldn't last long, so that's when I bent myself over and presented him with my ass. I'd never had it up the ass before but was curious, and my hubby isn't really big enough for that, if you know what I mean. He said it'd hurt 'cos I wasn't wet enough for it, and that I should just get regularly fucked because that was already very wet., so I grabbed a handful of butter from the table top and smeared it all over my ass and his dick. But even that couldn't have prepared me for the sharp pain of its entry. I thought it'd tear my skin open as it slid in slowly. But once I was used to it, it was absolutely unbelievable."

"I know" Allan laughed as his hand slipped up and down on his own impressive erection "I was there remember" And then he replied with his actions that night. "When I came in and saw John at it again, I thought nothing of it until I saw the body of what I thought was some first year student. I wanted to just pull him away and jam my cock into whoever he had been lucky enough to pull that evening, and as I stepped to get a better look, you both heard me and I saw it was you." 

"I was really pissed that you'd seen me as I could've happily stood and watched him pounding that fantastic ass all night long. Unfortunately I had to settle for what I'm doing right now." Claire had assumed that Allan had been masturbating all along, and had apparently been proved right. Not that she could say anything as she now had her first 2 fingers busily working inside her sopping pussy, with her thumb pressing her clit simultaneously. "I went upstairs and took off my pants, knowing full well that you wouldn't hear a thing, I went to my drawer and pulled out a condom and rolled it along the hard shaft of my dick so as not to mess up the hall, then I stood outside my bedroom and down the hallway, as close to the kitchen as I could get to listen. I stood and listened and I heard John's balls slapping against your perfect bottom and wished I could see as he held your hips and forced more into you.

All the time my hand was slipping over the greasy pink rubber as my cock throbbed and pulsed as the latex stretched and clung to every vein. I stood and listened as you moaned and squealed with pleasure as I heard that lucky bastard butt-fucking you."

"I listened to it for about 10 minutes before I couldn't hold out much longer", as he neared the end of his story, Claire began moaning at the end of the phone. 

"Oh god Allan" she murmured, panting as she fingered herself faster , trying to reach her climax. 

"I jerked on my fat cock, just like I'm doing right now for you Claire." And when I heard you cumming, Claire, I jerked my rubber covered cock hard cos I wanted to cum with you, so I could feel like it was this cock inside of your tight virginal asshole." 

"Do it now" Claire cried "cum with me now!" 

Allan needed no further encouragement and jerked hard, "I'm gonna cum any fucking minute" he hissed as he felt the spunk rising. Claire pre-empted him as she cried down the phone, releasing a wave of sticky cum into the fabric of her car seat, coating her fingers all over. As he heard this, Allan yelled as he felt his dick pulse and out shot a thick jet of semen, followed closely by half a dozen or so more. This time, he had no sheath and the cum splattered the material of the rug on the floor beneath the chair. On the fateful night, Allan had produced such a big load that as his cock shrank and softened, the weight of the pool of jism caused the condom to slide off onto the floor with a splatting noise, causing some seed to spill onto the hall carpet. Every time he went to bed in that house he saw the cum stain on the carpet and remembered that night.
