 His name was Aaron. He was twenty-four years old, stood just less than six feet tall and weighed 175 lbs. With a weight lifters physique and brown hair and brown eyes, she told him that he look like a young Al Paccino, although he himself didn’t see the resemblance. He knew how to treat a lady right. He could be very tender, very loving, and very passionate.

Her name was Gillian. She was a shy, petite, and middle age woman from one of London’s most respected families. Although her looks were plain, and her figure ordinary she still managed to give the illusion of beauty. The illusion came from class, breeding and her own sense of style. 

He took her in his arms and put gentle kisses on her neck as he held her tenderly. He nuzzled her ear and traced a line with his tongue down the nape of her neck and across the top of her shoulder. He began to undress her slowly, kissing every inch of her body as it became exposed. 

He exposed her breasts. “They’re beautiful,” he told her as he took her nipple between his thumb and forefinger and rubbed it till it stood tall and erect. As he did this he took the other between his lips and sucked on it gently, teasing it with his tongue until it too stiffened 

He continued to undress her until she stood naked before him. He picked her up in his arms and gently laid her down on the bed. Again he traced a line with his tongue down her body from her breasts past her navel and stopping at her love nest. 

Her sent excited him. But first he planted tender kisses on the inside of her thighs, first the right, then the left starting just above her knees and again, stopping just before her lips. 

He lifted her legs exposing her lovely arse and kissed each cheek in turn then 

parted the globes with his tongue seeking out and finding her rosebud. At first, he flicked his tongue lightly over it, but this was not enough. He made his tongue hard and tried to penetrate her arse. Her rosebud resist at first but then it relaxed and allowed him to enter. 

Now he concentrated on her pussy. Seeing the moisture oozing from her, he licked it up greedily trying to capture every drop on his tongue. Pushing his tongue into her he drank from her all she had to offer but it was not enough to quench his thirst. He found her clitoris and sucked it between his lips. He flicked his tongue over it causing her to moan passionately. 

“My cock is ready for you.” He told her, “How may I pleasure you?” 

“I want to taste your cock.” She replied, “I want to tease the hat by using my tongue. I will suck your cock before you start to fuck me. Then put that hard cock into my pussy...and you will see how I react...fuck me...” 

Her tongue tickled the tip of his cock sending shivers up his spine as she caressed his balls with her hands. She licked at the drop of clear liquid that beaded up at the tiny slit and then held the shaft firmly as her mouth engulfed his member. Her mouth felt warm and wet to him as she gently started to suck. Such delicious sensations, he did not want it to end, but he feared he would cum too quickly before he’d have a chance to sample her pussy. Reluctantly, he withdrew from her mouth. 

He lay on his back and she straddled his hips. She took his fully erect cock in her hand and rub the head up and down the slit of her pussy, teasing him for the moment by denying him entrance to what surely must be paradise. Sensing the exquisite torture she caused him, she finally showed mercy and allowed him to enter her. She slowly lower herself until the head of his cock passed through the lips of her pussy and then, with a look of mischief in her eyes, she started to raise herself up, again denying him what he long for. He can take no more. He thrust his hips upward, impaling her on his cock. 

She started to ride him like no one had ever ridden him before. Her pussy swallows his cock so deep every time she land on him. He grabbed her tits and squeezed the nipples as she moaned. This feels so good. She road him faster and faster. Both we moaning and screaming. Suddenly he rolled her over. Not wanting to cum yet, he withdrew his cock from her pussy and moved himself upwards. Taking hold of her tits, he placed his cock between them and started a tit wank. He took piece of ice to cool her nipples. The coldness made them sand erect.. He took another piece of ice and started to tease her cunt. It bought him the time he needed to calm down. He was too close to cumming when he was in her cunt and then between her tits. He wanted this fuck to last forever. 

Kneeling down between her legs, still playing with her cunt he inserted what’s left of the ice cube inside her and she shrieked from the shock of the cold. He continued to message her clit while the ice cube melted away. He was ready now. 

He turned her over on her stomach and picked up her hips until she was on her knees. He placed the head of his cock at the entrance of her honey pot and, in one quick movement, penetrated her fully from behind. Her cunt was still cold from the ice and it helped numb his cock. He withdrew slowly until only the head remained inside her then he plunge hard all the way in again. He repeated this, withdraw slowly—plunge in quickly, again and again, quickening the pace a little each time. He reached around her waist, and finding her clitoris, rubbed it vigorously. She began to shake uncontrollably as her orgasm builds. She screamed out her pleasure as her pussy contracted around his cock holding it in a vice-like grip. 

This was it. Try as he could he could not hold back his orgasm any longer. Every muscle in his body was taught, begging for release. He felt it building in his toes…Traveling up his legs…His balls tightened…He yell out “I cumming” as he started to pump his semen deep into her hole. Again and again, three, four, five times he shoots. It seemed like it would never end, but finally he was spent. 

They collapsed together holding their sweaty, still trembling, bodies close and tight. They sought out each others mouth and kissed long and deep, silently thanking each other for the pleasure given and wanting more…… 

“ Is that all you have?” she asked. No, he answered. As she started to jerk his cock slowly, he moaned few times. She knew he would like this. He touched her clit a very soft touch. She was wet again. He caressed her pussy while she started to lick and suck his cock. He moaned again. Because of this pleasure he put first 1 then 2 and finally 3 fingers into her cunt. She shivered, getting nice tiny orgasms. She started sucking his cock harder and, in response, his fingers fucked her faster.

She was insatiable! And the thought of that excited him. In fact, he found it to be the aphrodisiac he needed to grow hard in her mouth so soon after such an incredible orgasm. 

The vacuum of her mouth caused such sweet sensations on his cock as his fingers danced in her vagina. He inserted another finger. Her wetness coverage his hand and he thought to himself “why not?” He tucked his thumb under the palm of his hand and inserted a forth finger. Slowly, very slowly, allowing time for her vagina to adjust, he stared to insert his whole hand. A low moan started deep in her throat. He could feel the vibrations of her vocal cords against his cock. His hand was in up to his knuckles as she spread her legs wider to accommodate him. Applying a steady but gentle pressure, he forced his hand in further. Rotating his hand, it slipped in past his knuckles. She screamed from a combination of pain and pleasure but the cock in her throat muffled her cries. 

Holding his balls in her hand she begin to squeeze, gently at first, but she continued to increase pressure turning his pleasure into discomfort, then into pain, causing him to groan loudly. Their play grew ruff, but to his surprise, he found they both enjoy it. 

Her head bobbed up and down on his shaft as he continued to fist fuck her. Her moans continue as her body started to shake. Feeling the contractions in her cunt, he knew she was about to cum. Her head bobbed faster as her excitement increased. It became a race to see who can make the other cum first. He increased the pace, fucking her faster with his fist. Her orgasm began crashing over her in wave after wave. With each convulsion she squeezed his balls harder and forced his pole further down her throat. This pushed him over the edge and he shoot into her mouth. 

Again they lied spent in each other’s arms. Their lips meet in a kiss and, as he started to explore her mouth with his tongue, he found she did not swallow… 

As he tasted himself for the first time, he wondered what other surprises she had in store for him. 

“Shall we go out into the garden?” She asked. “Will you play with me out there?”, he wondered aloud as she walked through the French doors and into the sunlight.

He followed her out outside. They were both still naked. It is nearly midday. The warmth of the sun as it reached its zenith felt good on his skin. As he follow her his eyes were transfixed on her magnificent arse. He thought to himself that Michelangelo in his prime could not sculpt a more beautiful arse. He was infatuated watching it swing from left to right as she walked. The motion hypnotized him. They spread open the blanket they brought from the house and opened the bottle of champagne. They indulge themselves in a light lunch of sandwiches and champagne interrupted only by long deep kisses and playful caresses. His hand keeps finding their way to her arse. He loved to hold it and massaged it gently. She would let him do this for a few moments and then, with a giggle, push his hand away telling him to be a good boy and finish his lunch. She liked teasing him and they repeated this game several times. 

They were both getting a little giddy, having finished the first bottle of champagne. As he opened a second bottle, she whispered in his ear to look at the fence that surrounds the garden. He looked but saw nothing. “Look again” she whispered “near the gate”. This time he saw it, a hole in the fence with an eye looking through. He wondered who it was. A young boy curious about the ways of love or perhaps some dirty old man spying on them to get his jollies? Was he masturbating? Was it her husband? (She never said she didn’t have one) For that matter, why assume it was a he? Why not a she? In any event, they agreed to put on a show for their spectator. After all it would be impolite to do less. He poured some champagne on her breasts. As he licked it off she took the bottle from his hand and took a mouth full of the bubbly liquid. She kissed him depositing the champagne in his mouth. It tasted sweeter coming from her mouth. They continued pouring champagne on each other and licking it off and every so often one of them would sneak a peek to make sure their voyeur was still there.

He turned her over onto her stomach and drizzled champagne between the globes of her arse. He started to lick at the small of her back where some of the champagne had pooled and then parted the crack of her arse with his tongue till he found that precious pink rosebud. He flicked his tongue over it lightly. This excited her as she lifted herself onto her knees allowing him better access to her “back door”. “Eat my arsehole, put your tongue in me” she begged and he obliged. She moaned loudly as his tongue penetrated her anus (more for the benefit of their audience than her own pleasure, he suspected). Reaching behind she pulled the cheeks of her arse apart and pushed back trying to capture more of his tongue up her arse. He reached for the bottle and pour more champagne on her and watched as it dribbled down the crack of her arse, past her anus and into her pussy. He traced the flow of the wine with his tongue starting at her rosebud then down to her pussy (where the wine had been sweetened by her own nectar) till he found her clitoris and then back up again, dipping his tongue in pussy and then her anus. He kept this up, pausing every several strokes to pour more champagne till he sensed she was about to cum. He wet two fingers in her pussy and pressed them against her rosebud forcing them inside her. Meanwhile, he found her clitoris and sucked gently into his mouth. As the first wave of her orgasm hit he sucked harder on her clit and inserted a third finger in her arse. The position was awkward for him and his neck started to cramp as he continued to suck her, but her pleasure is too intense for him to stop. She scream out her pleasure as her orgasm washed over her in wave after wave. He wondered if their friend was still at the fence. Was he masturbating and did he join in her pleasure cumming together with her and whitewashing the fence with his semen? He hoped not, for he was not done with her yet. Now it was time for him to take his pleasure.

She lied prone on her stomach still shaking in the after glow of her orgasm. He gently kissed her back allowing her a few moments’ rest, but only a few. The fingers of his hand were still buried in her arse. They started to dance inside her and her arse rotated in response to the stimuli. She brought herself up on knees, and pushed back on his hand forcing his fingers deeper in to her. He knelt behind her and positioning himself between her legs, guided his cock into her pussy. After a few quick strokes he withdrew. It was not her cunt he wanted; no, this time he must have her arse. His cock was wet with her secretions. He placed the head against her rosebud and pushed gently. Although she was already stretched form his fingers, her anus is still too tight for him to penetrate and it denies him entrance. But he would not be denied. Steadily he increased pressure, until the crown of his cock slid past her sphincter. She let out a yelp and suddenly, overcome with passion, thrust herself backward, impaling herself on his shaft. He was in to the hilt. He started to thrust in and out of her. But he was too gentle for her. Consumed by lust she increased the pace. Trusting her hips faster and faster she begged him to fuck her. “Fuck my arse, Fuck my arse” She repeated again and again as he match her pace. 

Her arse was incredibly tight and it exerted the most delicious pressure on his cock. He could feel the contractions of her inner muscles. But their two previous bouts have all but guaranteed that this will be a long contest. They continued to fuck at a furious pace. Their bodies were slick with sweat. She could not enough of his cock. She begged him to fuck her harder. She started to cum. Her body shook with convulsions but she continued to fuck as wave after wave of her orgasm passed over her. Finally she could take no more. She reached between her legs, found his balls and squeezed. This sent him over the edge. With a loud grunt he shot his semen deep into her bowels. Again and again he shot, more that he’d ever done before till, finally, totally spent, he collapsed on top of her. 

Sweaty, spent and winded, they lied on the ground in each other’s arms. She looked around and whispered to him that their friend was still watching. He whispered back “Should we invite him in?”