 It was early in the afternoon as I strode in to your kitchen with my empty cup. There you were, bending low, stacking dirty plates into the dishwasher. That ass sticking out provocatively..... so temptingly. But, just as a raise my hand to give it a playful slap you quickly stand upright. "Oh No Stan!" you chuckle, "No time for that! You owe me! So get your American Excuse Card primed ready. We're going shopping and you're paying!"

I gulp. Prising my wallet out of my back-pocket ain't easy. What debt did I owe? What was this money for? I was a little confused. But you're already slipping on your jacket, the keys to your Subaru dangling from your hand.

"Come on Stan! Get your leather jacket on! Remember that night you crept into my bedroom with your sharp knife and cut my nightie off me? Well...... you owe me for that nightie....... And I need recompense!"

Ooooeps! I had forgotten that! Yes..... I did owe you the cost of a new nightie. Didn't I? I grabbed my leather jacket and quickly followed you out of the door. 

"But Maria........... can I drive?"

With maybe just a little apprehension you toss me the keys and I stride over to your car and climb behind the wheel as you climb into the passenger seat. "Don't forget your seat-belt Maria," I warn. I'm not sure if they're a legal requirement in Pittsburgh but they are back home in Britain. My fingers brush against yours as we both fit our seat-belts and a little tingle of excitement rushes up my arm. I smile.... I do that a lot when I'm in your company.

I familiarise myself as regards where all the switches and dials all are and turn the key. The engine bursts into life and, after a little fiddle put the car into 'Reverse'. A touch of 'gas' and the vehicle swings off your drive and into the highway. Mebbe just a little over-zealous with the brakes. Ooooeps! Sorry! Beginning to wish you hadn't let me drive now. Too late! Selecting 'Drive' and we're off! Just keep reminding me, as we leave Dorothy Avenue........ that we're supposed to be on the right side of the road here!

Following your directions we make good progress and despite a little error here and there I once more get the hang of driving on the right. Those unfamiliar road-markings took a little getting used to and your traffic lights are kinda tiny.

Quite soon we swung into the parking lot of the shopping mall and drove into a vacant bay. I'm sure I saw you wince as I swung your pride and joy in.... but don't panic! The paintwork is still intact! Honestly!!

As your finding your purse and getting your thoughts together I quickly get out and am able to walk around to open your door. Chivalry? Or just an excuse to take your arm as you slide out of the seat to give you a warm kiss on the lips before slamming the car door shut and holding your hand as we stroll towards the door of the store. As the door swishes open automatically I release your hand but no.... you stop and turn to me.

"Oh no Stan," you say quite sternly, "You're not staying out here on the sidewalk whilst I shop! You're coming in here with me to help me select something nice! Come on!"

And with that you grasp my hand and pull me inside the store!!

Oh heck! Clothes shopping with no avenue of retreat!! HELP!!

This is where men abandon all hope. We have to stay close to the woman we're with. If anyone sees us loitering alone amidst rails of lacy garments we're labeled perverts! But..... if we stand too close to our girls....... We get asked for our opinion! It's a no-win situation! But..... faint hearts never win fair maidens so I follow you as you select a garment or two and...... as you stroll over to the changing rooms to try on your selection I'm more than happy to take a nearby seat and glance at a magazine thankful that at least no-one in the store will recognise me.

"Psssst!" 

I glance up from my magazine and from behind the curtain of the changing room see your smiling face. "Psssst! Come here Stan! I need your opinion!" you beckon with some urgency.

Oh heck! My doom is guaranteed here! But I follow you through the curtain and into the changing room. There you are in a dress of gold and black, your back towards me as you admire your figure in the full length mirror. And..... I'm admiring your rear too.... the material clinging to your hips and the cheeks of your ass. And then..... just as I anticipated, I get the, "Does my bum look big in this?"

I take a seat in a small chair behind you. What doe I tell you? If I say "Yes,".... you will pout! If I say "No," you'll accuse me of fibbing! Jeez!! 

"Marie," I murmur... "Your bum looks lovely!" Yes Maria... I've skirted around the question and I have a big smug grin on my face as I glance back down at my magazine. Only a second or two passes before......

"What about now?"

I glance up from my magazine and.....

JESUS CHRIST!

You have hitched up the material to show me a completely bare ass!!! Your feet move further apart and I can quite clearly see your fingers between your legs, teasing the little lips of your pussy apart. You turn towards me...... that familiar horny expression on your face.

A little whisper on your sweet lips, "Stan! Get your cock out! I want you to fuck me right here! Right Now! Right here in the store!"

And who am I to refuse a lovely woman like you? I can't help but grin! 

I unzip my trousers and tug them together with my boxers down my thighs, my cock already semi-hard with just the suggestion of a hot, fast shag outside of the bedroom. Well that....... and the sight of that sexy gold and black number clinging to your shapely curves. Your body always excites me Maria and........... well....... my cock has a little eye all of its own. He can see your hot, horny curves too.

You take that step towards me bending down to arrive at my feet on your knees and with just a little lick to wet your lips, you take the head of my cock between your lips as your fingers grasp me cock around the base. Oh God! That's nice! I lean back in the chair as with just a small movement of your shoulders my cock is completely enveloped inside your warm mouth. My hands in your hair as if you pull you onto my quickly stiffening cock but...... an unnecessary action for you know EXACTLY what I like. Sucking me in deep - before withdrawing to tease my helmet with your tongue. Blowing cool air on my balls before engulfing me again! What can I do? I need to do nothing but enjoy the sensation. My cock becomes solid.... eager..... even a little angry! God! You're good at this!!

Eagerly I pull you up, my hands grasping at you to guide your face to mine. A hurried but full-on kiss as my other hand pushes your thighs apart to straddle me.

You laugh quietly, "Stan my darling! Now you're the eager one!" But am I the only eager one here Maria? Already your fingers are guiding my urgent cock between your waiting pussy-lips. So briefly I feel your heated sex against my helmet before, with a small movement of your hips, my hot cock is enveloped completely inside your heated folds. 

Your arms encircle my shoulders as your little pussy-muscles squeeze me. The tiny straps of the new dress slipping over the curve of your shoulders as your full breasts push against my T-shirt. My hands slip around you to grasp the cheeks of your bare ass as you begin to ride me. Slowly....... Deliberately.... Almost allowing my cock to slip from within you as you rise....... And your eager pussy squeezing me each time I'm buried deep. Our lips meet again..... a torrid, urgent kiss, your lips pressed hard against mine. My tongue slips easily between your lips to tease and taunt your tongue as your gyrations increase their tempo. My cock yearning inside your sweet cavern. Faster..... I groan again "Hush," you warn.... "Else the sales assistant will hear us!"

You're right of course but....... I want that release as I cum deep inside you. I want that explosive orgasm I always achieve with you. But.... I also want to hear your soft moans as you orgasm. I want to feel that pussy clenching wildly around my cock.. 

"Faster my darling," I whisper... "Faster!"

Those nails raking against me as you lose control. And I know deep inside that you won't achieve that ultimate explosion in this position. As your orgasm slows I slap your ass-cheek perhaps a little harder than I should. "Lift up Maria honey! Kneel! I want you to take you from behind!" an urgent agenda in my voice, "Kneel down so I can ram it into you doggy-style! NOW!!"

You need so second bidding and swiftly you move to the floor, the globes of your ass up in the air as I kneel behind you. Facing that full-length mirror, my eager hands guiding my stiff, hard cock. A push with my hips as I grasp your buttocks. I gasp as my cock pushes deep inside you. A little murmur escapes from your lips as I ram home. That's when I notice her. I'm sure it's her; the sales assistant who was standing behind the counter when we came into the store earlier. Her face just visible around the side of the dark curtain. But I'm past caring. She can call security if she likes. I'm buried deep inside a tight, wet pussy and there's only one thing on my mind. I withdraw until just the head of my cock penetrates you....... And then pull your willing body back onto my slow thrust. Oh God. My eyes close as that sweet restriction grasps at my shaft and releases me for the next withdrawal...... and push. I open my eyes and glance back at the modesty-curtain. She's still there..... watching..... listening as I fuck you deep. 

She hasn't noticed that she's been seen though....... As I begin that slow rhythm.... Easing my thick, hard cock in and out of your slick sheath. ..... I can see her.... watching us.

I just grab you tighter, upping that seductive tempo. Feeling those sweet muscles squeezing me as I slide in and out. My cock sticky with your cream as I withdraw before plunging deep inside again. My belly slapping against your ass-cheeks. But I don't care...... and our audience doesn't seem to care either. She's watching...... watching my cock disappear inside you. Her tongue flicks out to wet her lips. She's a good-looking girl but... my rampant cock is already buried inside another good-looking girl! YOU!

My thrusts get faster! The knowledge of this good-looking woman watching us thrilling me still further and your pussy already clenching and squeezing my shaft already taking me to the edge of my self-control! I can feel my balls tighten. Yes... I'm close... and... Judging by your breathing... You're close too!

The rough carpet digging into my knees as I thrust harder..... my fingers digging into the soft flesh of your hips as I pull you back. Thrusting savagely into your wetness. She's still watching and I can see the curtain moving slightly. I think she's rubbing herself as she watches. Watching us make out with an urgency. I try to subdue that low growl. But your whispered murmurs and tight, grasping pussy proves to be too much for me! My thigh muscles tighten and my balls tense! That's it!! I can't hold back no more! "Arghhh FUCK!" My angry cock leaps inside you as it spits its load into your heated pussy! Burying myself as deep as I can be, my balls pushed against your hot slit! "Arghhh YESS!" Again, uncontrollable.. My balls pumping...... My seed squirting deep.. Flooding your pink secret... Once more!! My eyes tightly closed as that urges wracks through my very soul! Splashing Aching Needing!!! Your pussy muscles clenching at my spewing cock!! I begin to thrust once more.......just to ensure you complete your orgasm..... slowing as your little eruption subsides. Spent. Done! Satisfied. Complete.

That tenderness returns...... my knees actually hurt. I lean back... My cock already subsiding as it slips from your hot pussy. I lean over to kiss each of your buttocks in turn..... my beard tickling your sensitive skin. I stand and retrieve my clothes noticing that our secret observer has gone.

"Come on Maria," I whisper kinda breathlessly..... "Time we were gone!" As you slip out of that dress I readjust my trousers..... making sure I'm zipped securely and step out through the curtain hiding my still evident bulge with the magazine.

What ya gonna do now Maria? Will you leave the dress in the changing room? Or do a Monica Lewinsky and keep the dress as evidence? And......... whatever you decide..... it seems I'm still liable for the cost!!