 Nick was slightly irritated, not a great start to the day. He owned a few boutiques around the town and today he was dropping into the one he enjoyed visiting. It was run by Sophie one of his best workers and was turning a tidy profit but he still needed to drop in and check on them.

He walked down the lane that held all the specialist shops and walked through the door. Looking round he admired the stands with the corsets, basques and lingerie on and smiled. He leant on the desk and smiled at Sophie. She looked up at him and grimaced...

"What's wrong?" he asked.

"I'm really not feeling great today, I'm really sorry to ask but could you cover the shop for the last hour?"

"Sure, get yourself home." Nick smiled - he was happy to cut Sophie some slack as she always worked hard and he could rely on her to cover other people's shifts when they were ill.

"We just have one customer in but I doubt she will be long."

Sophie grabbed her bag from behind the counter and giving Nick a quick hug walked out of the door and down the street.

Nick walked behind the counter and checked out the till, how they had done and ran through the books and stock list checking that everything was all going to plan. It all looked good so he relaxed for a minute leaning back on the counter.

Sarah was in the changing room still, it was taking her a while to lace up the corset she was trying on - she wasn't sure about the blue one that matched her eyes or the red on that looked so striking. She had stripped out of her comfy clothes to try on a variety of clothing - she loved the sheer panties she had found - they were almost see through against her shaven pussy. She had the red corset on that cinched in her waist making her look even slimmer, emphasized her height and made her amazing 36DDs stand out. She looked in the mirror and admired the view, her fingers drifting lazily down over her stomach to gently slide over the sheer material of her panties, tracing the outline of her lips. She held back a little moan and sighed as she felt her stomach tense and her fingers slid inside the panties and felt her wetness.

Nick looked round as the light flashed up showing that the person in the changing room needed assistance. He walked round and carefully pulled back the curtain then stared in shock. At 6ft tall with his smart black suit on he cut a slightly imposing figure, broad shoulders and glittering green eyes he stopped and stared in wonder at this beauty in front of him. Sarah froze, fingers tracing her wetness looking in shock.

"What are you doing?" She whispered in shock staring at this broad shouldered figure staring at her.

"You pressed the button for assistance; Sophie had to go home... I'm Nick the owner of this store."

Sarah looked around and saw the button she had accidentally leaned upon as she had been getting carried away.

"I have to say the outfit looks great on you, have you thought about modelling? We are always looking for people confident and willing to show off the products. We do tend to let them keep the ones they model as well."

Sarah looked at him in shock. She couldn't comprehend what was happening. She was dressed half naked, in the sexiest outfit she could remember wearing in a long time with the strange man with glittering green eyes staring at her like he was assessing her. Strangely that seemed to make her hornier than anything else. The looks he was giving her made her feel hotter and hornier. She smiled up at him.

"Guess I made a mistake there sorry. I do like the outfits..."

"So perhaps you do need some assistance?" Nick moved towards her smiling and she looked at him hesitantly. His hand reached out to gently cup her face, stroking her cheek. She seemed frozen and staring at him, part horny, part terrified. He leaned in against her and pressed her up against the wall leaning in to kiss her.

Sarah was shocked at his forwardness and yet felt herself melt against him, feeling her lips on his as he took control of her body. His hands slid down over the corset to cup her firm ass squeezing it gently. She kissed him back hard as her hand slid under his suit jacket and up to feel his back.

Nick smiled through his kiss as he felt her respond. He had been able to tell how horny she was and felt determined not to let her get away. One had slide down inside the sheer panties, tracing one finger between her soaking pussy he found her clit and teased it with the tip of his finger. He grinned at her gasp as she grabbed him and pulled him against her, grinding her pussy against his hand. He continued teasing her clit, feeling her shiver and moan as his finger tip traced small circles round and round as her nails dug through his shirt into his skin.

He felt her body tensing and drew back. She let out a little cry of frustration and loss. Nick smiled and whispered in her ear, "You don't get to cum until I want to let you gorgeous!" She whimpered back at him and pressed her body against him.

Nick slowly reached down and undid the belt and buttons and slowly twisted his fingers into her hair. He pushed her to her knees in front of him and sighed softly as her gentle fingers wrapped around his shaft gripping the length of his hard cock. He guided her head towards his shaft and moaned as her tongue flicked out over the head of the shaft. He pushed it deep into her mouth and watched her eyes widen as she struggled to accommodate his thick, hard shaft.

Closing his eyes in ecstasy he began to slowly fuck her mouth, feeling her tongue swirl around the length of his shaft. He shivered as he felt her sucking harder on the length of his shaft. Her hands came up to stroke his balls and gently up and down the length of his shaft guiding him in and out of her mouth. Nick began to speed up, thrusting harder and faster into her mouth. He could feel his climax building and as his fingers tightened in her hair he thrust himself hard into her mouth feeling her gagging on his shaft as he came. Jerking slightly with every pulse of cum that blasted out of his cock he could feel her swallowing it down as fast as she could.

Slowly he came back to himself and drew out of her mouth breathing heavily. He looked down to see her licking her luscious lips and sucking on the tip, licking his hard shaft clean. Nick took a step back looking down at her kneeling there, her gorgeous breasts threatening to escape the tight corset, soft, smooth skin so tempting. He quickly walked to the front of the store and locked the door hitting the button to lower the shutters and blinds. He turned round to find her still kneeling there looking after him.

He walked over to her and took her hand leading her to the sofa outside the changing room and pushed her down onto the soft surface. He knelt between her legs and lifting them he slowly kissed up the insides of her calves, knees and over her thighs till she could feel the heat of his breath through the sheer material of her panties. She moaned and her fingers dug into the material of the sofa. Nicks fingers hooked into the material of the panties and drew them down her legs leaving her bare pussy exposed. Leaning down he breathed her in before running his tongue along the length of her wet slit. He parted the folds gently with his tongue and flicked his tongue over her clit again before running it in circles round her button making her gasp and thrusting her hips up to his mouth. Nick gripped her hips tightly and began licking and sucking on her sweet cunt feeling her body tremble under him. She thrust up against him, her hands roaming the sofa, his hair and everywhere as she shook. He raised his head... "Do you want to cum?"

"Yes, please yes..." She groaned as he returned to her pussy licking and sucking and watching her shake. His hands drifted off her hips to the laces of the corset, beginning to undo it as he continued to keep her on the edge of an orgasm, so close but not letting her push over the edge. "Please, please, please, please, please..." Her voice was a non-stop whisper begging for release.

Finally the corset came loose and he slid it off before finally attacking her slit furiously sending her whimpering and moaning over the edge onto a mind-numbing orgasm. She lay gasping on the sofa as her body convulsed leaving her shaking.

Nick didn't give her time to recover. Taking her in his strong arms he lifted her easily and placed her on the edge of the counter. She was still recovering from the orgasm and barely seemed aware as he dropped his pants. He lifted her ankles to his shoulders and lined his rock hard cock up against her slit and forcibly pushed his thick shaft deep inside her.

She cried out and gripped the edge of the counter tightly holding herself in place. Nick's hands wrapped around her legs holding her in place as he began fucking her tight wet hole hard and fast. His rod hammered in and out of her, slick and wet making her cry out over and over as he filled her over and over.

She lay back on the counter, knuckles turning white as she held on against his powerful thrusting. She could feel the full length of his cock hammering away in and out of her tight cunt. She groaned wondering how corset shopping had come to being fucked so hard on the counter of the shop by this stranger. She moaned again and decided she didn't care, it felt amazing. She cried out as she came again shivering and shaking. Nick pulled out just as he exploded streams of cum splashing over her pussy and stomach.

Nick slowly stepped back and looked at her. She looked so hot lying there, cum covering her cunt, breasts heaving as she struggled to come back down from the two orgasms that had rippled through her. He stood considering what he wanted to do with her next.