 Josie was nervous. Today was the day she would see Owen again. They had not seen each other in eight years. They had worked together when Josie had been transferred to the plant where Owen worked. She had been sent there for a maternity leave replacement. The lady she was replacing had had a very difficult pregnancy and had had to stop working in the third month so Josie had spent a total of 18 months at that other plant. And during that time a strike by the union workers had forced the staff to work different jobs. 

Josie was a payroll specialist and, with an aptitude for science and learning, had been put on shift as the lab technician. Owen was the control room operator and thus the team leader. The strike had lasted 6 months and, at first, Josie was put on another crew. But after the first month, with a fourth crew trained, Josie had ended on Owen's crew. Owen had pushed Josie to become not only an excellent lab technician but also a team player, helping the rest of the crew with basic inspections and interventions in the field.

On a personal level, Josie had been smitten with Owen right from the start. But finding out he was in a relationship, she had kept her attraction in check and had never acted on it. However, with the months of working closely together, they had become quite close and the friendship had survived the distance when Josie had returned to her original plant. They had exchanged e-mails regularly and in the last few months, when the IT group had changed their e-mail software to one that included a chat function, they had chatted a lot. 

During their chats, there had been a lot of flirting. And finally, Josie had admitted her crush on him. To her surprise, he admitted having a similar crush on her! He had told her that he and his girlfriend were together more out of convenience than anything and that this was the reason they had never moved in together. Over time, some of their chats had bordered on inappropriate and had caused them both to blush but it had also made them smile. 

When Owen had found out he was going to her plant for a two-day technical meeting, he had immediately told her about it. They had made plans to get together for the night after the first day as he had to fly back immediately after the second day's meetings. And so today was THE day and Josie found herself very nervous.

On the one hand, she wanted nothing more than to feel Owen's arms around her and make love with him. On the other hand, she was filled with apprehension. What if it didn't click? What if it clicked too much? What if he saw her and didn't want her anymore? What if, what if, what if!

Knowing that Owen was in the building, Josie was on pins and needles. It wasn't until lunch time that he finally showed up at her door, led by one of her co-workers. 

"Hi!" Josie said, suddenly forgetting all about her nerves and feeling her crush revving up like an engine.

"Hi." Owen appeared nervous himself.

"Come on in!"

Owen walked in and closed the door behind him.

"Come here, big guy, I want a hug."

That broke the ice and Owen put his arms around Josie and held her for a while. Then he whispered "You're wearing the same perfume."

"You had noticed?"

"Oh yes. And for the record, I really like it. It smells really nice on you."

"Thank you."

Then, they released each other slightly, just enough to face each other. Owen bent down and kissed her gently on the lips. Josie kissed him back, both of them tentative at first. Then, as if all tension had suddenly melted away, their lips locked and they had their first real kiss, their tongues finally meeting.

The passion between them rose but then a phone rang in the next office, reminding them of where they were. They reluctantly pulled away from each other and Josie reached on her desk and handed Owen a folded paper.

"What's this?"

"Directions. After your group dinner, give me a call and come to my place."

"I guess directions are a good idea!"

Josie smiled and gave him a quick kiss and then said "Go back to your meeting before we forget where we are."

Owen smiled and left.

The magic was still there. Even though they had never hugged or kissed before, any time they had touched, either accidentally or somehow during the course of their work, Josie had always felt like a current was going through them. That current was there again only this time, she felt it in her whole body, not just her fingers or other isolated body part.

The afternoon was long. Josie had trouble concentrating, distracted by the anticipation of the evening to come. After the day was over, Josie went home, had a quick and light dinner and then hopped in the shower. She then took time to smooth her long brown hair and put on some perfume and change into a low cut summer dress. Josie was glad that it was indeed summer as it meant less layers to remove on the way to pleasure. The thought made her smile. As she went back to the living room and watched tv while waiting for Owen to call.

Unfortunately, as the clock ticked on, her nervousness returned. Could it be that he wasn't coming? Could it be that he'd been disappointed? As her anxiety rose, Josie started to pace in her living room. When the door bell rang, Josie practically jumped out of her skin. She went to the door and was surprised to find Owen there, with a single red rose in his hand.

"I decided not to call and just show up, I hope that's okay." Owen hesitated.

Realizing they were still in the door, Josie waved him in and closed the door behind him.

Owen pulled her into his arms and just held her for a while. Then he asked "Are you as nervous as I am?"

"More"

"Mmmm, that's what I thought. Why don't we just go sit in your living room and talk and see where that leads?"

Josie nodded and pulled away and led him to the living room. After putting the rose in a narrow vase and thanking him, she sat next to him on one of the love seats and asked him where he'd had dinner. The conversation was hesitant at first but soon, it was like they were sitting in the control room, just talking and relaxing. Mostly they reminisced about various funny moments during their work together. 

Then, Owen reached for her hair. "Do you realize this is the first time I ever see your hair down? You always wear it in a braid. I like it."

As he played with her hair, Josie relaxed and smiled. Owen pulled her to him and started kissing her. Josie responded to the kiss and finally knew that this was right. Gone was the nervousness she'd felt earlier. This really felt right. To finally be with Owen, the man she'd had feelings for since the day they'd met. Josie felt that Owen was relaxing too and she pulled back, breaking the delicious kiss they'd been sharing. Owen gave her a questioning look. Without a word, Josie got up and, grabbing his hand, pulled him up and toward the bedroom.

They silently made their way to the bedroom where Josie had pulled back the covers on the bed. Once in the room, Josie turned to face Owen and rose up on her toes to kiss him, her free hand reaching for his neck. Feeling his soft hair through her fingers, she pulled him closer and parted her lips to invite him in. Letting go of her hand, Owen put his arms around her waist and held her tightly against him, feeling her heat through their clothes. 

While they were kissing, Owen let his hands roam. One hand went lower, caressing her rump while the other moved higher and towards her breast. Feeling his hand over her breast, Josie moaned softly. Her own hand started moving and she reached for the bottom of his t-shirt, pushing it up. Understanding what she wanted, Owen pulled back and quickly removed his t-shirt. Immediately, Josie ran her hands through the hair on his chest, licking her lips in anticipation. She the lightly kissed him on various spots on his chest, finally focusing on his nipples and teasing them. Owen played in her hair while she made him shiver and moan quietly. Then he reached for her shoulders and tried to push the fabric off her shoulders. Josie turned around and pointed to the zipper that held the dress around her body. He quickly pulled the zipper down and pushed the dress down, leaving her in a matching set of lacy bra and panties. Turning her around, he gasped when he saw the front.

The bra pushed up her large breasts enticingly and invitingly. Owen bent over and kissed the top of one breast while caressing the other.

"As beautiful as this is, it won't stay on long." He told her.

Josie smiled and reached behind her to undo the hooks of the bra herself. As the bra fell, Owen pulled it off and tossed it on her dresser. He then proceeded to caress, kiss and suck on her breasts, causing her to moan loudly.

His hands reached down, pushing her panties down and he maneuvered her to the bed, pushing her down on it. Josie, sat back on the bed and raised her feet off the floor to allow the panties to fall and free her legs. Owen didn't waste any time and parted her legs, heading straight for her core. He kissed his way up her leg and thigh and gently parted her folds to allow himself access. Feeling his tongue on her lower lips, Josie couldn't help but raise her hips off the bed, seeking his touch further, seeking delicious pressure on her most sensitive point.

Sensing her need, Owen happily obliged, pressing, teasing, but most importantly pleasing as evidenced by her moans and groans and most importantly by the way her hips bucked under his expert tongue. Owen had to hold her hips still once he focused on her clit and pushed her to the edge and beyond. He relaxed his grip and kissed her thighs tenderly as she came back to earth. Then, he made his way up her body, kissing and caressing the whole way.

He laid down beside her on the bed and kissed her. She tasted herself on his lips and reached for his belt. As they kissed, she undid the belt, the button and the zipper of his jeans. She pushed the jeans down but encountered too much resistance from the fact that he was laying down. He pushed himself up and off the bed to remove his jeans and Josie followed him. Kneeling in front of him, she grabbed his already hard cock as soon as it was free. 

"Mmmmm, this looks good." Josie said as she again licked her lips in anticipation. Her hand stroked his length which was not too long, not too short. "Just perfect" she thought. She made her way closer and kissed the tip of his cock. Now, it was his turn to moan. As she pulled his hardness into her mouth, he reached for her hair, pulling it away from her face. As she took him in, he felt her tongue teasing the tip and the sensitive spot right under the tip. She then focused on taking as much of him into her mouth as she could and then backing off. Soon, his hands were setting the pace and Josie was enjoying him doing so. She licked and sucked and stroked his hard cock, enjoying every minute of it. Then, abruptly, he stopped her from moving and pulled her away, saying "I want to be inside you. I don't want to come this way, not so soon."

Josie stood up and reached for his neck, kissing him. They fell onto the bed, kissing and caressing each other's body. As they had already decided that his vasectomy was good enough birth control and they trusted each other, they didn't need a condom. Owen pushed her down and positioned himself between her legs. Without breaking their kiss, he pushed against her and she felt the tip of his hard cock at her entrance. Wanting this as much as he did, she raised her hips against his and helped him slip in. In unison, both of them sharply breathed in and then moaned their pleasure at finally consuming. 

At first, the tempo was slow, Owen kissing and caressing Josie non-stop. Josie wrapped her legs around him and pulled him in as deep as he could go. For a while, they took their time, enjoying each other's bodies. Then, their pace increased and soon, they were at the point of no return. As her orgasm built, Josie tightened her muscles around his shaft and increased the delicious friction between them. Then, it hit her and she really clamped down on his cock. Feeling the constriction was his undoing and he groaned his release too.

When they slowed, they cuddled and pulled the covers over themselves. Then, Owen whispered "Get some sleep, I want more of this in the morning."

Smiling, Josie could only moan her approval "Mmmmm" as she cuddled closer and fell asleep.

The next morning, as promised, they made love again, trying a few positions. Then, they had to get up, shower and get to work. After his meetings, Owen stopped by her office for a quick kiss and he held her for a while before leaving. Their reunion was short lived but left such beautiful memories.