 I can see us at a dockside tavern where I keep my boat. We have met just for after work drinks on a hot sweltering day. Your hair is flowing in the cool breeze off the bay. But even with the breeze it is still too hot. We sit at a counter overlooking diners on the dock below us, We talk, the weather, the heat, the stinking heat. You have on a wrap skirt and a light blouse, modest... Your self-confidence does not require you to flaunt your beauty, but it is still too hot! I tell you to go to the ladies room and remove your panties. You return and had me a wispy piece of lace. "That feels so much better" you reply as the sea breeze caresses your limbs and relieves the heat at least for the moment. We drink, my hand falls on your thigh and you smile again. Now up it goes tracing the outline of your leg and down and up. There is a young attractive woman on the deck below. She has been fending men all the time we have been sitting here. 

"Turn so she can enjoy the view" I instruct you. At first he women averts her eyes, but keeps glancing up squirming in her seat. 

The heat again, you part your legs a little and I caress your inner thigh, stopping short of that heat. There is no rush. I am getting to know your body your response. I start again, this time I have an ice cube from my drink. Poor girl you were sweating and breathing hard. But it is still hot! The ice is gone but my fingers persist. I reach the spot I have been searching for and you respond with a low moan and "Stop, not here", but I can't stop. We could go to my boat to finish but here on the dock is where I want you to finish. 

My drink is done, you are finished. The woman sitting on the dock below is still sitting transfixed. As we get up to leave for my boat, we pass close by the woman. You take my hand and caress my fingers with your tongue. I brush your cheek with a kiss and whisper in your ear, "Have her join us for dessert"

You were a little unsteady as we walked to my boat. Was it the drinks at the bar? Was it the rocking of the docks? Was it that you were left weak in the knees after our playful exhibition? You stumble and I catch you from behind, cupping your breasts in the process. I soft moan escapes from your mouth. You turn and repay me with a long deep passionate kiss. We need to get you inside now! 

Once inside you push me down on the berth. Your aggressiveness brings me up a notch. I sit back and you come over and kneel on the berth, straddling my thighs with your thighs. You press your breast into my chest. You bend your head and softly kiss around my face, avoiding my yearning mouth. You reach down and gently bite my ear, but you won't let me respond. You avoid my eager mouth, but you are driving me wild caressing my chest with your breasts. I reach around your back, running my hands up your legs to your rear. You back away so I can see your heaving chest, your erect nipples. God you are so hot. I must see more. I start at your top button, exposing glorious cleavage. Ah! pink lace, red trim, golden skin. I must taste. 

Your shirt comes off but the bra stays on. I nuzzle your cleavage placing gentle kisses in between. I slip a nipple from the cup and I trace small circles around your areole. You are sweet with sweat from the hot day, combined with the salt air from the bay, it is a delight for my senses. I want to taste all of you; feel all your heat; see all of you. But you remind me it's your turn to deliver.

You now slip down between my legs, resting you head on my lap and then look up at me a sheepish grin on your face. You undue my belt, my pants. Slowly you pull my zipper down. And then you stop. I am pulsing beneath my shorts waiting for your next move. You smile again and gently kiss my shaft through the cotton fabric. You are in control and I yield to you. 

You stand facing me in your bra, your skirt with nothing under, your nipples exposed above the lacy cup of your bra. Behind you through the boat's ports, I see a woman gazing, transfixed. You turn your back to me and see her also. You then place your bare bottom on my lap. Your hips, your ass, you slide it along my shaft. Geez! Back and forth, you are rocking in rhythm of the waves. I really don't want you to stop, but I don't want to finish with a lap dance. You sense that I am nearing the end and you get up and face me. Standing, leaning against the cabin wall, looking out at the voyeur you command "Take me now!" 

I don't have to be told twice. I drop my shorts, lift your skirt and run my member up between your cheeks, down your crack and between your legs to tease you a little. You will have none of that. You grab my dick between your legs and place my place between your lips. You thrust back and I meet you. God you are so wet, so sweet. I withdraw all the way to the tip and slide in again slowly, feeling every inch of your passion. My right hand has come around to find your clit doing that little dance that you liked so much earlier. Now we are both leaning, heaving, thrusting. Our faces are side by side, gazing out at our guest, watching from the dock.

To be continued