 For a long time, she was just one of those people that you notice every once in a while, a familiar face without a name. She was young and cute, around twenty maybe, with long brown hair and a slender athletic body. She had a habit of jogging through the local park, and whenever she passed I couldn't help but ogle her a little bit. I didn't mean to be a pig, but her snug little tank top and booty shorts made it difficult not to, with the way they wrapped skin-tight around her perky breasts and rounded ass.

Our strange encounter happened one day when I passed through the park on my way home. It was mostly empty this time of day, and yet I heard the faint sound of someone panting and whimpering nearby. Concerned, I traced the sound to a tangle of bushes, and peeked inside through the leaves. I had expected an injured child, perhaps, but instead I found her, with her back against a tree and her hand inside her shorts. Eyes closed, she released muffled pants and moans as she pleasured herself, her hand moving back and forth vigorously against her crotch. Her top was sticky with sweat, so her aroused nipples poked through easily.

The sight of it entranced me. I watched for a while, I can't say how long, while growing increasingly aroused myself. Then eventually, I made a decision that only a severely lust-clouded brain would deem reasonable. I stepped through the bushes to approach her, which she thankfully didn't notice in her fixated state. Then I gently placed my hand across her mouth. Her eyes shot open, and immediately there was an embarrassed look of recognition in her face. Her hand jerked out of her shorts as if to hide what she'd been doing, but my hand prevented her from squealing.

I put a finger to my lips to signal for silence, then slid my free hand into her pants. Her panties were soaked, and her pussy was smooth and glowing hot. She didn't resist as I slid two fingers into her tight slick tunnel. When I stirred them around, grinding my palm against her eager clit, she squirmed and arched her back, moaning softly into my palm. Satisfied with the response, I removed my hand from her face. She stared at me for a few seconds, red-faced and nibbling on her bottom lip, then uttered "go on..."

I continued gently fingering her, curling my fingers upwards to stroke against her swollen G-spot. With my other hand now free, I clumsily undid my own belt and let my pants drop to my ankles. The bulge of my cock throbbed through my boxers, eager to be free. She quickly took it from there, freeing my rock-hard tool from its confines and wrapping both delicate hands around it, stroking it in long eager tugs. I leaned in and molded my mouth against her plush lips, muffling her increasingly-intense moans and whimpers. She eagerly kissed me back, sloppily rubbing her tongue against mine as we pleasured each other, hidden only by the leaves of the surrounding bushes.

After a short while, I felt her grip on my cock tighten and the walls of her pussy clench. She squirmed her body and squealed against my mouth as her pussy pulsed, and a wave of hot liquid surged out across my fingers, soaking her panties and shorts even more. After a long, shaky orgasm, she pulled away from the kiss and rested her head against the tree, breathing heavily. "That was... that was nice. Thank you," she panted with a satisfied grin. When she opened her eyes again, she looked down at my cock, still at full mast and throbbing wildly. "Hold on," she muttered, as she pulled my hand from her shorts and turned herself around, resting her arms against the tree and sticking out her ass to me. Then she pulled the sweaty fabric down around her thighs, revealing her firm, round ass and the plump, shiny lips in between. "Your turn?"

She'd barely finished her invitation as I grabbed hold of her hips, lined up my cock with her slick little entrance, and pushed inside. She was wonderfully tight, the walls of her pussy hugging every inch of my cock like a glove, and yet I slid in easily thanks to how hot and slick she was. She whimpered again as her knees shook and her back arched. I was already close to the brink from all the build-up, so I started humping her impatiently, thrusting my raging cock against the entrance of her eager womb. The wet slapping and sucking sounds of our union emanated through the foliage, but at this point I was incapable of caring whether anyone heard us. After a few moments of heavy thrusting, my balls roiled and my cock throbbed wildly inside of her, shooting the first blast of cum deep into her womb. I squeezed hard on her firm hips as I buried myself all the way inside of her, blissfully releasing blast after blast of cum. When the torrent died down, I carefully pulled my slick and softening cock from her tunnel, allowing a streak of white cum to ooze out between her parted lips.

We both took a while to recover from the encounter. When I'd regained some of my senses, I asked her what had brought her to masturbate here. She said that the exertion of jogging turned her on, and the thrill of getting naughty in public even more so. I told her she was free to do so again in my vicinity, to which she responded with a giggle and a wink. Eventually we parted ways and I went home thoroughly satisfied. Even now, I still didn't know her name. Perhaps that was for the best, given our scandalous interaction. But if her wink was any indication, there may be other opportunities to come.