 "You are beautiful," he said, standing behind her, both of them watching themselves in her mirror. He pulled her blouse off over her head and unhooked her bra and removed it, then he cupped her breasts in his hands and felt her nipples gently. In his experience, fair women have sensitive nipples. He wanted to be careful with hers until he had more information.

"I'm embarrassed," she said. "I'm dusty and sweaty."

"So am I," he said, and he reached into the shower and turned on the water. It was cold. They'd have to wait a minute while it warmed up. So with her back against his chest, he loaded a dollop of spit on his fingers and slid his hand under the front of her shorts. She moved her legs apart so he could get his hand between them. She had a full pussy of hair, no waxing for her, he thought. He slid two fingers through her labia and into her vagina, and positioned his wet thumb on her clit. She moaned softly, and arched her back against him. She put her hands on the wall above her head to brace herself, then shifted the weight of her hips forward onto his hand. He wrapped his free arm around her to help hold her up.

"How should I touch your clit?" he whispered. She moaned again. He could feel her vagina contracting around his fingers. She was ready to come. "Well you're a cheap date, aren't you?"

She laughed weakly. "I like it soft," she said, so he was probably right about her nipples. He braced his arm to hold it steady for her so she could get friction on her clit from his thumb, and so his fingers would slide in and out of her as she moved, and then she began slowly rubbing her vulva against his hand. As she pumped, her ass rubbed against his cock in his shorts. 

"You're giving me a good boner," he told her.

"Good," she gasped. "I'm going to want it in a minute."

To help her come, he pulled his two fingers out of her and slid three back in. That did it. That sent her over. As he pushed his fingers into her, she cried out and her body stiffened, and he felt her cunt convulse just slightly—he felt the almost undetectable spasm of female orgasm; he loved it; he worked for it—another slight tremor and another, then it was over and she exhaled and relaxed.

He was pulling his hand out of her clothes when she grabbed it before it got away and licked the fingers that had been inside her.

He caught his breath. "You have just done one of my favorite things," he said. 

She smiled. "I hope it's the first of many." 

The water was warm now, so they got naked and moved into the shower. The shower was a cheap plastic insert with a built-in bench that she'd always hated, but now she wanted to kiss whoever designed it. The seat was exactly the right height for her to sit on so that John could kneel on the shower floor and fuck her at the perfect angle. She spread her legs. He brought his slim hips between them. She hadn't had a good look at his cock yet, she hadn't even touched it, but that was going to have to wait. John was eager and ready with his dick in his hand and he pushed into her. She liked the feel of him. He was of average length but fairly thick. He'd made her so wet tonight that his girth entered her easily and filled her vagina wonderfully, but he was big enough that she thought she'd better keep lube handy from now on. She shifted so he could go deeper inside her and when she moved he felt it. Now it was his turn to moan. 

He began to pump slowly. He slid his hands around her ass and brought her pelvis to him with each stroke. She put her hands on the sides of his head. "Would you like to know what I feel?" she asked him.

"I would love it," he said, "but if you talk dirty to me, this will be over very soon."

"I feel your cock filling me up," she said in his ear. "It's good and thick; it couldn't be a better fit. It's exactly what I want."

As she spoke he pumped a little faster, trying valiantly to hold off. "And when you push into me, I feel your hips slap my cunt. I feel the tip of you deep inside me..."

He moaned louder.

"Your cock is so hot and so hard. I can't wait to hold it in my hands and put it in my mouth..."

That was all he could take. He called out "Oh Jesus!" and he came. He thrust hard and long with the first wave of ejaculate, less so on the second, and by the third, he was spent. As he came he collapsed against her and she wrapped her arms around him. 

He took a little time to recover as the shower ran. Then he opened his eyes and pulled back from her far enough so that he could kiss her, but not so far that he pulled his cock out of her. He was still hard, but he was fading fast. 

"Holy shit," she said, pushing his wet hair off his face. "That was perfect."

He grinned and actually blushed. "We've got the water going. Shall we take a shower? Soap and all?"

"Yes, please. I want to wash my hair."

"Let me do it," he said.

They worked up some impressive suds and washed each other's nooks and crannies gently, the soap tingly on their sensitive parts. Ann thought she could probably bring him off again in the shower, but a little more recuperation might make the next time better, so she just lathered him up and rinsed him carefully so she could get a close-up look at the thick cock she was hoping to have a long relationship with. 

They dried each other with fluffy towels and slid into bed between clean sheets.