 A groan of pleasure escaped me as I woke up. I couldn't help but groggily claw at the sheets as I came to my senses, my cock throbbing eagerly. I must have had a dirty dream, though I didn't remember it. But something was off, this wasn't just morning wood. A tight warmth enveloped my cock, while the touch of warm skin tickled my legs and a soft slurping sound filled the room.

I opened my eyes to see Chloe looking up at me with eager brown eyes, my cock buried deep inside her mouth. That needy little mink had managed to undo me of the sheets and my boxers while I slept. She took another long draw of my cock, making me squirm and buck my hips, before disengaging her plump lips from it with a soft pop. "I wondered how quickly you'd notice," she grinned.

"How long has it been?" I asked, still trying to kick my brain into function. Not an easy task when the blood was occupied elsewhere.

"Just a minute or two." She wrapped her hand around the slick length and stroked it gently as she spoke. "I'm gonna have such a long day today, I just had to relieve some stress in advance, you know? I could've woken you, but this seemed more fun."

I blinked away the blurry vision to take in the scene. I was all naked on my bed, though my boxers still hung around one of my ankles. My roommate Chloe lay prone on the bed between my spread-out legs, tending to my throbbing cock. She was a gorgeous black girl with smooth chocolate skin, big brown eyes, plump pouty lips, and a head of long black curls that tickled against my thighs. Evidently she'd been in the process of getting dressed, because her shapely legs and plump ass were encased in tight jeans, while her upper body was still bare but for the heavy-duty white bra she wore. Ample amounts of soft chocolate-coloured flesh bulged out of the cups where her chest rested against the bed.

I propped myself up on my elbows, but Chloe lay her hand on my chest and pushed me back down. "Nuh-uh, you just relax and let me handle this. All I want is a nice big load so I can get through the day."

She giggled, then leaned down to place a series of licks and kisses across the base of my cock, then further down across my heavy sack. She continued stroking my cock slowly and steadily as she parted her lips and took both of my churning balls into her mouth. My hips bucked anxiously as she suckled on them, rolling her slick tongue across the underside, her voice reverberating through them as she moaned contently.

She'd told me to sit back, but she was too beautiful of a sight to ignore. I reached down to grab a handful of luscious black curls, which earned me a soft moan of approval. With the other hand, I carefully pulled the straps of her bra off her shoulders, causing the cups to slump onto the mattress.

With a deep back-arching purr, Chloe pulled her lips free of my balls, which were now thoroughly slick and shiny with her saliva. "God, your balls taste good. Can't wait for your cum. Oh, you want something to grope?" She giggled while pulling her bra down around her waist, freeing her heavy breasts.

I reached my free hand down and slid it between her breast and the mattress, cupping the smooth brown orb. At the same time I used my grip on her hair to gently guide her back to the tip of my cock. She was going there anyways, but she liked being guided a little.

Chloe wrapped her plush lips around my sensitive head again, and started a slow bobbing motion across the entire length. First pushing it all the way inside, until her bottom lip pressed against my sack and the tip of my cock was nestled snugly inside her throat, before pulling all the way out again, applying just enough suction to make me squirm and curl my toes. All the while her tongue slithered up and down, left and right across the underside of my shaft.

"Fuck. You're always better than I remember," I panted, while squeezing down roughly upon the heavy orb in my hand, causing the soft flesh to bulge out between my fingers. I couldn't see her nipples, but I could feel the thick bud prodding aggressively into my palm.

Before long, her slow and steady rhythm was speeding up. The wet sucking and slurping sounds filled my bedroom as my cock thrust into the back of her throat with increasingly greater force and speed. She moaned softly into my cock, one eager little moan for every stroke. From time to time I would squeeze down on her eager nipple, evoking a louder moan and an arching of her back, showing off her plump ass in those undersized jeans.

I would've loved to stay in this heavenly limbo forever, but my cock could only take so much. I found myself squeezing her hair and her breast harder and harder as I struggled to postpone my orgasm. "Chloe, I..." I groaned. I couldn't finish my sentence, but I was certain that she caught my drift.

She didn't slow down, and after a few more strokes I forcefully bucked my hips upwards, jamming my cock deep into her throat. She allowed me to hold her head in place as the first blast of cum exploded from my cock to shoot down her eager gullet. She moaned happily as I buried her nose against my pubes and shot blast after blast of cum into her throat. She barely even gagged or choked as she swallowed it. After god-knows-how-many blasts, the surge of cum became an oozing trickle, and I lethargically eased up my grip on her hair. She did a few more slow bobs, milking the final drops of cum from me, before slurping them all off with a single long draw and swallowing them.

My half-flaccid cock slapped wetly against my thigh as she released it. She wiped some excess saliva from her lips before rising to her knees and stepping off the bed, her heavy melons swaying. "Wow. Thanks sweetie, that's exactly what I needed."

"My pleasure," I grinned, panting.

I watched her contently as she tucked her breasts back into the confines of her bra and untangled her hair where I'd grabbed it. "Alright sweetie, I'm gonna get dressed and go to class. See you tonight." She winked before stepping into the living room, leaving me alone once again.