 Let me tell you a story. 

A few years ago I had just moved to this little town. I was excited and also a little scared. It was known around town by many women claiming that a guy gave them a night they would never forget, but never elaborated on their story. The man is a firefighter with the local fire brigade. He is around 6ft 1", spiky blond hair, very well muscled and a well defined body and athletic legs. Not to mention his well endowed manhood.

I didn't know anyone and the only thing I could think to keep myself sane was join the local gym. Myself – 5ft 9", shoulder length blond hair with a hint of copper through it, long legs and arms and a pretty good looking ass, if I do say so myself. 

It was late one Thursday night, and as usual, I was at the local gym working out. I decided to try the rowing machine and jumped off the treadmill and positioned myself on the machine, bringing the cord with the little flat hand between it up under my chin and held it there with my knees bent while I adjusted my headphones in my ears. 

I was humming along to the music blaring through my ears and was so caught up in the moment that I let the pulley go that I was holding onto and it flicked my leg which then started to bleed. The cut from the pulley and the sweat from my body that was dripping into it, the area around my gym wound was bleeding. I let out a little "eek!" as I touched it gingerly, the music still blearing in my ears.

Out of the corner of my eye I saw him. He had jumped off the weight machine and was at my aide before I had enough time to get off my own machine. I couldn't see him properly as he stood beneath a bright fluorescent light. He bent down and took my blaring headphones off and asked "Are you ok?" 

I think I almost fainted. He was beautiful. "Uhhuh" I think I replied.

He extended his hand and I accepted as he helped me up from the machine. I had to rest against his shoulder as both my legs were a bit weak from my routine. He told me that he would help me get cleaned up. I thought he was an instructor of some sort, as his muscles rippled under a fine sheer of perspiration. Just looking at him turned my insides out.

He led me to the girls change rooms and then to a large shower cubicle at the far end of the room. I was the only girl left at the gym by that time and there were only guys on the front counter, so I was sure no one would come in. He sat me on the bench in the cubicle and took off my shoe and then seductively, my sock.

"How does that feel now?" he asked massaging my foot.

"Uh, mmmmmmm okay" I breathed as I let my head rest against the wall of the cubicle.

He was massaging my foot, then his hands moved up to my calve muscles working in small circles. The stinging sensation of my cut had now subsided and I no longer felt pain, only pleasure.

"Mmmmmmm" I continued to murmur closing my eyes at his touch. He had moved his skilled fingers from my calve to my knee and then up the insides of both my thighs. 

He paused for a brief moment, removing his hands and quickly removed my other shoe and sock and quickly removed his shoes also. "I'm Jake" he stated a matter a factly.

"I'm Jaime" I replied shocked at my thoughts of what were to follow. 

"Haven't seen you here before," he continued as he leaned over and turned the shower on lightly, letting the cool water sprinkle over my sweat dripping body.

"I don't normally stay this late," I replied in earnest waiting for him to drag me to my feet and kiss me. 

I didn't have to wait long as he shut and locked the cubicle door and again stretched out his hand. I accepted. Jake pulling me to my feet. 

"Well, hmmmmm" he murmured. "Lets get you out of these sweaty clothes then, huh Jaime?" he said, smiling and eyes lowering to my heaving cleavage.

"Okay" I gasped as he pulled my top off and over my head in one swift movement, exposing my hard C-Cup breasts and alerting my nipples which stood out at his attention.

"Mmmmmm" he moaned as his head bent and sucked the life out of one then the other of my nipples. I rested my hands on the wall behind me and let my head fall back, the warm water falling in sheets across my naked chest. He let go of my nipples and in one swift motion had discarded his shorts and then his singlet, still leaving my short to be drenched in water.

I looked down to find him crouched down on the floor, with my pants around my ankles and delicately lifting them off from my feet. His 9" cock was rock hard and standing upright between his legs like a flag pole. 

"Glad I could meet your acquaintance" I said boldly as he looked up and saw me eyeing his one eyed serpent. 

"That's only the beginning baby" he replied giving me a wink then gently parting my legs with his roaming fingers. 

I had to lean back as his fingers went straight inside my gaping pussy. My body shuddered as he kneeled and bent his head to my thrusting clit. My body convulsed and let out a cry at the same time. He started finger fucking me gently at first then gradually becoming harder and faster until my body leaned forwarded into him and bucking my hips wildly on his fingers.

I was aching for his cock to pump inside me and found myself rubbing and pinching my own nipples. I eventually let out an almighty scream as I reached climax, his tongue lapping at the juices flowing from my pussy as the water continued to cascade down over his back. 

He lifted his head and came up my body, kissing me frantically on my mouth. I tasted sweet. His tongue probing and searching inside my mouth, not exactly sure what to find but I returned the gesture. He was massaging his shaft with his hand and then sat on the bench in the cubicle, his legs towering out from in between my weak legs.

"Now for some real action" he hissed as he sat further on the edge of the bench and parted my legs over his. "I want you to ride my cock until I explode in you, you dirty slut" he ordered as he pushed my hips down on his stiffness, ramming himself deep inside me with his hands cupped under my arms and over my shoulders.

"Do it" I breathed, steadying myself. "Fuck me hard" I was saying, eventually beginning to scream the words in his face as he pushed my hips down harder and harder on his throbbing cock. "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Fuuuuuuuuuck Meeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!"

He was pounding my dripping pussy harder and faster, my fingers beginning to play with my clit and frantically rubbing my nipples.

"Oh, yeah" he cooed "like that?" he was asking almost panting. "Take it all bitch, all of me" he said hoarsely as he thrust his hips harder and harder into my beaten cunt.

His cock felt good inside me. It wasn't long before I felt him expand to full width and with that, shot a full load up my wet pussy. With his jerking to release all of his cum inside me, I felt myself begins to shudder violently with another powerful orgasm and pulled his head to my straining nipples as my juices leaked all over his still engorged member.

We were both soaking wet and he searched for my lips and kissed me deeply, his hands now passionately roaming my wet body. We finished by washing each other off and going back to his place. It was his ultimate fantasy.

Later, I found out that he was Jake, the fireman. He confessed that he womanised to find his soul mate. The one to fill his hidden fantasy was the end of the line. 2 years later, here we still are, working out together in the gym.