 Well I begin telling her about my family. My parents have divorced many years ago and I currently live with mum. I explained to Yulia that mum never remarried and is still single, although not unattractive but actually mum is a very attractive woman probably older than Yulia and is happy at where she is. Of course Yulia wants to know what type of relationship I have with my mum, but I can only tell her we are pretty close. She is also interested in my relationship with dad whom I have not seen for a few years now since he remarried and moved interstate. It is probably clear to her we haven't really been close in that relationship. So largely mum has brought me up in recent years.

Then I asked Yulia more about her own predicament and about Russia and the reasons for coming to this country. She explained to me about life in Russia, how difficult and different it was. 

By now I am really liking her on a more personal level and it was making me even more attracted to her. It isn't just because she is very attractive physically, she's a real lady, a woman, not like some the younger girls.

I didn't care about any age difference. I liked to please her. So I wanted to know more about her daughter Natalia. She's 4 years old. Apparently looks like mum if you can tell she says. I asked Yulia what her daughter likes to do, her favorite home cooked meal, her interest if she has any yet and general personality. She is very informative and I already can see me liking Natalia. 

By now it was 8.30pm. Yulia suggests we order an espresso before heading home. After the coffee arrives, we make more chit chat. I was getting really horny through the night. She can tell by my increasingly flirting with her, until she relents and accepts a ride home from me. I am so happy with her acceptance. We leave the bar and head back to my car.

As we walked she allowed me to interlock arms, trying to keep warm in the autumn night air. We joked and seem to have a lot of fun together. It was then she suggested that she can make me feel "a lot better" as again her hand "accidentally" brushes against the large lump in my pants. She smirks at me and whispers.

"Let's have a little fun, when we get to the your car." She stares at me with that look of "let's just do it."

I got the hint immediately. Oh my god, this is happening so fast. Yes, yes, dream come true, I kept repeating in my head. I couldn't contain my excitement as the car got closer and closer.

My heart is racing so much now, that I can literally hear it beat. I can't believe this is happening. We walked closer to my car. It is still in the parking lot. I am so hard now. The thought of being with this experienced sexy lady, left me speechless and extremely excited. We reach the car and I look around making sure no one is close by. My heart pounds loud through sheer excitement. I open the back door for her and we get in together. This is f**king insane I kept telling myself. Yulia enters followed by me. Then suddenly we were next to each other in the back seat of my car, the same car that I made out with Katy many times. My erection could not be concealed anymore. I put my right arm over her bringing her closer. Just her closeness and warmth making me extremely hot. The scent of a woman and the smell of her perfume drove me crazy with excitement. Immediately I imagined her finishing me off. It just serves to turn me on more. I try not to think too much about that final act, but it is increasingly becoming impossible. She looks at me with those pretty eyes and whispers to me.

"You're really turned on, ain't you. This is what you been waiting for, isn't it?, yah." She teased with sexy smirk.

"I have had many younger guys before. I know they like the idea of being with an older woman. It really turns them on. They get so overwhelmed with excitement. I like seeing that innocence excitement." She continues her deliberate teasing. "You like being close to me, yah."

"Yeah, oh yeahh." I mumbled excitedly, as I contemplated her hot words.

Oh god, I am so aroused now. It's so intimately hot being with her like this. Her presence, the closeness to her, her touches, the scent of her, it is electric. I feel sparks flying everywhere. I am really infatuated by her. Just the 2 of us here alone, this is so hot. And she touches me intimately while staring at me. She's enjoying my reactions. I am too stunned to do much. I let her take over until I relaxed from the initial high. My god, I even had trouble swallowing as I licked my lips in anticipation. I remember being with Katy. She was a hot girl but we fumbled everywhere. And she didn't allow me to look at her down there. But I did try to insert my fingers down her panties and she did blow me but her handjobs were hot but a bit lame. She was more nervous than me. But my god Yulia is too hot for words. I can only imagine what will happen next.

Yulia slowly massages me through my shirt, undoing the buttons. The feel of her warm soft slender fingers were electrifying. She begins making out with me. She kisses my neck and face. And she starts moaning quietly. Oh god Yulia is moaning. It's drives me crazy. Oh my god, it's like how I see in all those porn I have been watching. I feel her lightly biting me and sucking on my skin. Then her warm hand begins massaging my chest, my nipples. Oh my god. And she continues licking my neck and ears then slowly moving down whilst continuously moaning quietly. My legs fully open allowing her to move her right leg over mine leg. I close my eyes to enjoy every moment. The sound of her quietly moaning is extremely hot for this young man to listen to. I smell her natural scent and her seductive perfume. It nearly overwhelms me in sheer excitement. I never been this hard and excited before. Then she whispers.

"You can touch me here if you want." As she grabs my hand and putting it on her chest. 

My god, she feels incredible. It sends more sparks through me, touching her like this and I only have my hand on her bra. Then she whispers again.

"Do you want to kiss me." She smiles at me, licking her bottom lip. "You can take my bra off if it helps." 

Again the surge of hormones overwhelms me. I am utterly aroused as I reach into her dress and find out how am I going to do this, how am I going to undo her bra. Yulia is clearly enjoying my inexperience in this. She's really getting off on my innocence judging by her hot stares. My hands are shaking nervously as she directs me to the clip to allow her bra to come off.

"It's what you want to see." She whispers lustfully.

Her bra falls loose and her soft mounds becomes visible. I swallowed nervously. My god. She grabs my hand and place it onto her breast. Oh god the warm soft flesh of Yulia's breast felt incredible. The scent of her floats into my nostrils. I am mesmerized. Then she begins kissing me passionately. And she begins moaning again. 

"Massage them, play with them." She breathes heavily moaning quietly. "Yah, oh yah."

By now I am almost ready to blow my load. Her tongue plays with my tongue as she passionately kisses me. I play with her stiff hard nipples sending her squealing at my boyish touches. Her moaning gets more frantic. Oh my god, I am so stiff, so turned on. She is getting off at my innocents. 

Then her right hard moves back to my chest. I feel her warm hand massaging me and then touch innocently my nipples. I squirm a little at the sensation. 

Then I jerked a little when I feel her hand at the front of my shorts. Oh god my ultimate teenager fantasy is about to happen right here now. She moves down to my chest licking her way down. I close my eyes to enjoy her technique and experience. Her right hand slowly and lightly touches my stiff penis through the material of my shorts. It sends sparks throughout my being. I start to moan quietly. She's driving me crazy now. I feel myself throbbing uncontrollably now. My pelvis moves slowly up and down putting pressure on her right hand. She moans excitedly at the my reactions. 

"Oh yah, you're really liking this." She whispers with a lustiful smirk 

.

She continues running and flicking her tongue over my chest and now abdomen whilst moaning. I moan quietly, enjoying Yulia's sexual experience and ability. My eyes remain closed as I enjoyed the sensation of her oral touches. And my hand continues massaging her perky breast. I want to touch her most private part but I am already so turned on and happy to enjoy this moment. A large smirk appears on my face, its just been a couple of weeks ago when I was standing close to Yulia showing her how to make a good coffee and looking at her soft hands with those beautiful slender fingers cleaning the nozzle of the machine and now she's touching me with that very hand, about to finish me with them. I moan in excited anticipation.

She comes back up and begins passionately kissing me again. This time her hand grips me firmly through my shorts. Then she whispers teasingly.

"Oh yeah you're so hard. So stiff! I love seeing a young man overwhelmed, yah." She continues teasing.

Her perfume is electrifying me, as she continued kissing me. And she continues moaning. Her hand frantically massaging me through my shorts. I am in heaven as she gets overly excited. I feel her experience. Oh god, Katy was never like this.

Then immediately Yulia unzips me. Her warm hand moves inside, oh god and begins rubbing me frantically through my damp underwear before touching my erection directly with her hand. I let out a sign of resignation as she grips me firmly and pulls the stiffened shaft out. I begin moaning. My pelvis pumps up and down wanting her. I am oozing heavily from hot make out session. Then she whispers teasingly again.

"Oh yah, so hard, so turned on. Oh yah feel so hot now." As she pulls my foreskin firmly down.

A hot smirk appears on her pretty face as she moves her hand up and down causing the clear fluid to ooze out. 

"Oh yah feel so good." She moans in excitement.

Then like a scene from porn I have seen, she spits on the swollen head before lightly rubbing her saliva around the head and along my erection. Oh my god, oh my god Yulia is so nasty, as I watched her rub me with her saliva. Oh god, I am sure she does this with the other men she has been with, as my mind explodes in insatiable pleasure.

Then she starts flicking her tongue up and down the shaft and then around the swollen red wet head. The sensation is exquisite. I have never felt this sensation before. Even Katy only placed her mouth over my head and sucked. That was it with her. Yulia is an experienced woman and no doubt pleasured many men before. She continues this for a few minutes. My god I could only lie back, close my eyes and enjoy her blowjob technique and moan quietly in exquisite pleasure. Then she starts to lick and suck forcefully up and down in sync with her stroking. I start to moan louder and pump my pelvis more and my legs begin that erotic slow flexes. She senses my excitement and eases off.

She then sits up again, her face blushing excitedly and begins whispering again. 

"You like that?, oh you're so hard." As she stared into me with that hot lustiful smile.

"Do want me to finish you?, yah." As she lightly ran her fingers up the shaft.

Oh god, the time has come. I didn't need to reply. It's been the hottest thought of mine for a while that image of her finishing me. I know I will treasure this moment for the rest of my life. She starts moaning excitedly and begins kissing me and licking me all over again. Her right hand lightly running up and down the shaft. She is more than warming me up. My pelvis pumps more rapidly anticipating her actions. Her left hand finds my testicles and massages them. It adds to the incredible sensations I am now experiencing. Her hands feel soft and warm. I feel I am indeed in heaven.

Then she stares at me before bringing her hand to her mouth and licking her palm slowly deliberately before returning it to the head. She then lightly twists her right hand repeatedly around it spreading her saliva. My eyes feel like they were glowing hot as I watched her technique. I feel the fast beats of my heart. My god, I moan quietly feeling the incredible sensation she is giving me. Again images of her doing just this to other men, fills my lust filled head and now it's me who is experiencing the moment with her. And I can hear her heavy breathing, her moans of arousal. She is clearly liking this. She continues this technique for a few minutes as I massaged her perky breast and nipples. After a long pause, she whispers again.

"You like the way I lick my hand, yah, then apply it on your big hard cock, turns you on yah." She stares at me with that lustiful look.

I just moaned in approval, nodding my head. I am just too nervous and excited. I just want to experience her technique. I just want her to pleasure me with her hand, know how she masturbates a man to the end. See her excitement. Hear her moans of excitement and enjoy the experience of an older woman.

Her hand motions become increasingly firmer as she twists her hand more frantically around the head and pump up and down simultaneously. It is so incredible as I moaned in pleasure.

"Oh yahh you like that?" Yah. She smirks. "This is the moment I like." 

Then suddenly we hear voices outside the car. We freeze briefly, looking out the windows that are now fogged up. I tried to cover up. Then the sounds go away. We look at each other and just smiled.

"They can watch." She bites her lower lip with a nasty look.

Oh god, that idea sounds real hot. Yeah, they can watch Yulia finish me off. 

She continues and looks at me, then licks her right hand slowly again and returns it to my erection. Incredibly hot, Yulia begins to talk dirty, as she begins a regular slow stroking, ending with light twisting of the head every minute or so. 

"You like it, yah. Katy wasn't like this right? Did she stroke you like this? Did you enjoy her touches? She teased. "I bet you she wasn't like a real woman, eh?"

I am so nervous. I didn't what to say. I just let her talk. Her now and then sexy dirty talk were enhancing the experience. I became infatuated with her. The whole smell of her. Her sexy soft moans. Down to her closeness and warmth.

"I really like teasing a man, especially the young inexperienced ones." She continues in that sexy accent. "It turns me on. I like seeing their innocence. Seeing their reactions when play with their big hard cocks."

"I going to show you how I masturbate a man, oh yahh," She whispers lustiful.

Oh my god, oh my god, as I hung onto her dirty words said only to enhance my arousal.

Then she bends down, spitting twice, hard on the head and shaft before twisting firmly and pumping more rapidly. Oh god, she's incredibly hot and nasty. I start to loose some control. She begins kissing and licking me all over more frantically, moaning quietly, but her breathing becomes more intense. I couldn't control my moans now. My body is completely hers. I know she senses my need to let go.

Then she sits up and stares into my eyes with that sexy smile, before her picking up speed rapidly.

"Ohh yahh." She moans.

Immediately her right hand turns into an instant blur as she furiously masturbates me. It is deliberately extremely fast. Oh my god, it feels so good. Incredibly she also begins whispering dirty words of encouragement. It isn't hard to get infatuated with her at this moment. She is f**king hot. I start rolling my head in sheer pleasure. My pelvis pumps rhythmically causing my left leg flex slowly.

"Oh yah, oh yahh, feel so good, oh feel so good." She whispers with that hot smirk and smile.

I can hear her heavy breathing as she goes wild and frenzied on me. I begin to loose my sense of reality. Oh god it's f**king feels so good. Oh god this moment is so much more pleasurable then I ever imagined. Having someone as sexy and experienced as her finish me is so f**king hot. That feeling of her slender hand on me, felt f**king incredible. The hot erotic sound of her furiously masturbating me fills the cabin and she loves it. I thrust my pelvis up and down rapidly then a final thrust upwards letting go, eliciting a hot smirk from her and a little snigger.

Oh yeah, Ohhh Yulia, Ohhh Yulia, oh s**t!!" I moaned in ecstasy calling out her name. "Faster Yulia, faster Yulia! Oh yeah...I cumming!" 

I explode and she's squeals and moans in sheer excitement. My cum sprays out landing over us and onto the back seat. I moaned loudly as I finally let go. But she continues the incredible speed, as I spurt three more times in smaller spurts which land on my chest and abdomen.

A nasty hot facial expression appears on her pretty face. And its unforgettable.

"Hmmm, you're not going to forget me are you. I don't want you to." She teasingly grins with a wide smile.

But it's doesn't end there, showing her experience and technique, Yulia continues masturbating me extremely fast doing several very fast jerks then slows down to do a few slower long strokes, only to pick up the incredible speed again as she enhanced my pleasure, doing this a few times driving me absolutely crazy. It causes me to thrust my hips up and flex my legs wildly every time she stroked fast, only to slow down momentarily then forcing me to flex again. I couldn't describe the incredible sensation but it is a mixture of physical, and emotional pleasure. And she is enjoying it as she continued smirking and whispering to me.

"Oh yahh, oh yahh, feel so good, hmmm, hmmmm, yah." As she begins breathing heavily with exhaustion. 

The strong musky scent of my cum fills the cabin mixing with the odor of her sex. I tried to slow her down but she pushes my hand away causing her to smirk with a nasty smile. Gradually she finally slows to lightly stroking me. I grab her face kissing her passionately. I feel infatuated with her. I felt I wanted to be with her forever.

"Oh yah, did you enjoy that? No more watching porn." She smirks satisfyingly, stroking my face intimately.

We lie back on the seat. I immerse myself in her hair, smelling an apple scent in her hair. I didn't want to let her go. But it's is already late. I was afraid mum would be concerned.

After cleaning up, we move back to the front seat and I take her back to her place, allowing the baby sitter to go home. I hug her good bye.

"Where are you working now?" I asked.

"I am working at the larger restaurant Vinnies in downtown now." She smiles seductively.

"Can I see you again." I asked like a bestowed school boy.

"Yes, of course." She smiles. "And I will drop by to see you at work, maybe Wednesday?"

"Oh yeah please do." I replied quickly with a wide grin.

She then walks away giving me a wave. I then head back home, completely satisfied. It was an incredible night of sexual experience. I so much look forward to being with her again.