 I don't see how anyone could blame me for what happened. I was just minding my own business when the whole thing went down. 

I like to do a little photography, and there I was in the middle of the damned bush, conspicuously dressed in bright colours, taking some bird shots. When I mean bright colours, I mean colours so bright that a blind man can see me on a dark night. My intention was to be seen.

So here I am, lining up a nice shot and I hear this clicking sound. I look towards it and there's the muzzle of a shotgun peeping through the bushes. What would you do? I hit the ground so damn fast that gravity was left behind. Good thing I did too.

At the same time I went flat the shotgun went bang and one pellet cut a lock of hair as it passed. That's how close it was. I was lying there, hugging the ground, very happy that I'd been to the toilet recently and wondering "what the hell?"

There was a happy squeal from the bushes.

"I got! I got!" some woman is yelling and then these two woman come charging into the clearing to claim their trophy.

They came to an abrupt halt when they say me lying there. The vest I wore was a bright red and yellow. I assume they mistook the red for blood because the excited squealing stopped and was replaced with a more 'uh oh' type of voice.

I heard someone say "Oh, my god. You've killed someone."

That, I thought was my cue to stand up, and I did so. I turned to look at the two women while slowly brushing my clothes down. They were both quite attractive, in their early twenties, and apparently not a brain between them.

I walked over to face them, and I was so mad I could barely talk. They shut up when they saw my face and just stood there looking at me.

"Who," I asked very quietly, "took a shot at me."

One woman looked at the other, who turned bright red and tried to apologise, but I wasn't listening. I just took the shotgun out of her hands and handed it to her friend.

I didn't bother speaking. I just started undoing the buttons on the woman's jeans. Then I slid her zip down, grabbed the jeans and jerked them down. Not all that far down, but far enough. Her panties then went the way of the jeans.

Taking the woman by the upper arms I twisted her around and down so she was flat on her back. Standing over her I unzipped and took out my cock. Knowing what I was about to do, it was already erect, and I just knelt between that women's legs and spread her lips.

Aligning myself with her spread lips, I slowly pushed forward, my cock forcing her lips even wider apart and then I was spearing into her. 

She gasped as I pushed firmly into her. Her body was not expecting this and she was dry, and I had to roughly push into her. Not that she stayed dry. As I settled deeper into her I could feel moisture starting to rise, making my further entry a little easier.

Nicely settled within her, I started pounding her pussy, driving home the fact that I was alive, subtly reminding her that she should shoot straighter if she didn't want to have repercussions.

I will admit that I wasn't too interested in her feelings at this stage. I was just rejoicing in the fact that I was alive and taking out my fury on her for her incredible hunting stupidity. Really, what sort of animal has a bright red and yellow hide? Didn't she stop to think for even a second?

I will admit that I probably thought that I was using my cock to pound some sense into her. Whatever I was doing, I was enjoying it, and I continued merrily humping her, putting a lot of effort into each stroke, making sure she felt the full length of my outrage. I noted that she was also pushing firmly up to meet me, her body co-operating and responding to my demands.

Her friend, I noticed, was just standing there, mouth open, watching in astonishment as I firmly gave my lesson in gun safety. 

I just took my time, prolonging my pleasure, making sure that there was plenty of time for the lesson to be driven home. However, not being superman, with balls of steel, I did finally reach my climax, ejaculating deep inside our valiant huntress.

Afterwards, I just tidied my clothing, picked up my camera and walked away, leaving her lying on the ground with her panties around her knees.

The whole thing took place in silence. From the time I asked who did it, until I walked away, not another word was spoken.

Now I consider what happened to be a just retribution. Others might consider it to be rape, but I can assure you that it wasn't. At no time did the woman or her friend say no, or indicate I should stop. 

- - -

It wasn't really my fault. I don't even like hunting, but Debbie dragged me out anyway. So there we were sneaking through the bush looking for Bambi or his brother.

I could hear something moving on the other side of some bushes, so I stuck my gun through them and looked at Debbie. She was making these go on, go on signs, so I pulled the trigger. There was a big bang and something on the other side of the bushes hit the ground, so I'd hit something.

Debbie and I went charging around the bushes before someone else came along and pinched our deer, and then, oh, my, god. There was a man lying on the ground and he had this big red blotch on his chest. I almost fainted, not helped by Debbie telling me I'd killed him.

You can't know how relieved I felt when this guy stands up and dusts himself off, but then he turned and looked at us. I'll swear that his eyes were red and glowing, he was that pissed off.

He walked over to us, and I don't know about Debbie but I was almost pissing myself.

"Who," he wanted to know, "took a shot at me?"

Debbie, the bitch, promptly looked at me, and I tried to apologise. I really did. He just ignored me.

Well, he didn't ignore me. He just ignored what I was saying, like he wasn't interested, because I couldn't have anything important to say. A very offensive attitude to take, I thought. He grabbed my gun off me and, truthfully, I was glad to let it go. Noisy things. Without even looking away he just passed the gun to Debbie.

Next thing I know he's undoing my jeans.

"What the hell do you think you're doing," I'm yelling at him, but again he's not listening. He yanked my jeans down. He had no right to do that and I told him so.

Do you think he stopped? Not him. He grabbed my panties, my panties for crying out loud, and yanked them down. I mean, he's bared my pussy and everything. I'm telling him to stop, and I'm sorry, and trying to grab my panties back up, and he's acting as though everything is fine.

Then he grabbed me and threw me ruthlessly to the ground, and while he's standing over me he just calmly undid his zip and took out this humongous cock. Like, it was enormous. Debbie said it was probably average size but he wasn't threatening her pussy with it. I'd bet she wouldn't have called it average if he was sticking it in her.

Anyway, he kneels between my legs and I'm yelling no, no, no and he's still ignoring me and Debbie is telling him he can't do that and he's ignoring her and then he was ramming that cock of his into me. Honestly, it was like having some trying to hammer a baseball bat into your pussy.

No, I haven't. That was just a figure of speech. Why would I have had a baseball bat in me?

So he bangs his cock into me and I'm squealing and wriggling under him trying not to get split in half. After a few moments I started to get wet, thank god, and the damn thing started to slide in more easily, not that he should have been putting it in me at all, mind you.

Finally he had the whole thing in me and I don't care what Debbie says, I felt as though I was full of cock. And then of course he started moving it, bouncing up and down on me as though he was a jockey riding a horse to the finish line.

Not wanting my entire pussy to be tenderised like a piece of steak, I started moving with him, letting him set the rhythm he wanted while I just went with it. I'd finally shut up by this time, needing my breath for the violent exercise I was suddenly undertaking.

Debbie made a couple of crude remarks about relaxing and enjoying, but I wasn't really. All right, so I may have enjoyed it a bit. I mean, it can be exciting have a man just take you, especially if he knows how to ride.

So I went with the flow because, after all, he had to run out of steam sometime. He just went on pounding away for a while, and I was getting more and more excited. I mean, in those circumstances, who wouldn't?

Then I'm screaming and coming, and he's still just pounding away. I was beginning to suspect that he was trying for an endurance record, then I came again. Screw what Debbie says. That cock was so big it was touching me everywhere inside.

Then I could feel him shooting inside me, and if I wind up pregnant I'm going to kill Debbie. This was all her fault.

The man then got off me, straightened his clothes and walked away, without even saying thank you, leaving me lying on the ground with my pussy flashing at the sun.

The way he treated me you'd think he didn't hear a word I said. I mean, really, just because I took a shot at him doesn't mean he's entitled to ball me. I missed, after all.

- - - -

Sandra is a pest and the whole thing was her fault. She doesn't particularly like hunting and I don't like taking her with me as she's got the gun sense of an ant. Anyway, she heard I was going and she pestered me to let her come along, so eventually I did.

So I'm sneaking through the bushes looking for a deer, and Sandra is crashing through the bushes scaring off every animal in a five mile radius.

Then Sandra suddenly stops and sticks her gun through some bushes and looks at me. I'm making 'what is it' signals, but she just pulls the trigger, and there's the sound of something falling on the other side of the bushes.

Sandra went charging around the bushes whooping "I got it" and we came into this clearing, and there's a man lying in the middle of the clearing with a bright red blotch on his chest.

I swear, I nearly peed. 

"Sandra, you idiot," I snapped, "you shot someone."

Then the corpse showed it wasn't a corpse by getting up and brushing off his clothes. He turned to look at us and he was livid.

He just strolled over to us, taking his time, and asked "Who shot at me?"

I just glanced at Sandra and she started babbling about how it was an accident and she didn't mean to kill him, but he didn't look all that interested in what she was saying.

He took Sandra's gun off her and gave it to me, and I was happy to take it, even if it did mean I'd have to carry both guns for the rest of the day.

Would you believe it? This guy just reaches for Sandra's jeans and yanks them down and then pulled her panties down as well, while Sandra just stood there stuttering. I figured for a moment that he was going to spank her, and if he had I'd have taken my turn giving her a few whacks.

His aim wasn't to spank her I quickly found out, as he lowered her to the ground, unzipped and then took his old fellow out. Sandra insists that it was rather large, but I think average would have covered it. I mean six inches was all, seven, tops. 

Then he's kneeling between Sandra's legs and starting to drill into her, while Sandra's going "What are you doing? What are you doing? I'd have thought that with his cock halfway up her vagina she should have had a pretty good idea of what he was doing.

Sandra changed from 'what' when she finally worked out what, and started saying, but, but, but. Personally I'd have been yelling stop, stop, stop, but Sandra can be a little slow at times. By the time she worked it out and decided to say stop he was already home and playing with the future kids. 

So if Sandra did want to say stop it was lost in her squeals as he started bouncing on her. It's the first time I've seen Sandra get laid, and boy, was she responsive. In my opinion she was rising to meet him almost before he got his cock into her, and once in she went to town.

If that guy thought he might have been raping Sandra, he's wrong. She was damn near raping him. She was responding in fine style, bouncing up to meet him and anticipating his every movement.

I muttered the old Confucius saying, amended. 

"Confucius said that if rape is inevitable relax and enjoy, not drain the man's balls."

I don't think either heard me. The guy was intent on teaching Sandra a lesson, but it was one she already knew, and from the way she reacted she must have studied the subject quite thoroughly.

I counted two orgasms by Sandra before her would be master finally came. I'm assuming that they were orgasms that made her shriek and writhe like that. If not, I'll have to find that guy and have him give me a few lessons.

When Sandra's target had finally finished he just got up and walked away, leaving Sandra lying there. She looked offended. I suspect that it's the first time someone has screwed her and then just walked away.

I let her have her gun back, but I confiscated her cartridges. If she wanted to bag a deer she could damned well walk up to it and hit it on the head with the shotgun.