 This wasn't a kiss that a brother-in-law would share with his sister-in-law! It wasn't even a kiss that a husband would bestow on his wife. This was a kiss that lovers would share, the kind that would start something that might not end well.

That kind of logic escaped me at that moment, my only thought...., "How do I keep from, somehow, screwing this up!

Suzy's tongue was down my throat, her hands on my ass pulling me against her.

I was now wondering how to get the $14 negligee off without ripping it! (That thought actually entered my mind!)

But then she stopped..., stopped everything, stepped away from me, picked up her robe and walked to the other side of the bed, where she slipped it on.

I was dumbstruck.

She was..., conflicted?

She spoke first.

"I'm so sorry. I don't know what I was thinking..., or doing. This isn't me, I love my sister and you're her husband. There is no way I'm going to do this..., I'm sorry."

She turned and walked into the bathroom and didn't come back out.

My dick, which had been three, maybe four feet long only seconds ago, had now shrunk down to, "Turtle Head," size, my balls already starting to ache.

I knew that, sooner rather than later, she would talk to me about it, so I walked over to the bathroom door and asked, "Is your sister picking you up or am I bringing you with me?"

Now she opened the door, the robe and shoes off, sheer babydoll still on..., stepped up in front of me, stood up on her tiptoes and kissed me.

This one a kiss from my sister-in-law.

"I'm sorry...," a sadness of some sort written all over her face, "that never should have happened. Let me finish getting my stuff together and you can drop me off."

Walking past me, she stood in front of a chest of draws and took off the babydoll.

Looking at her naked.... Nope, wasn't even going to think about it.

Folding it carefully, I watched her slide it into a drawer full of, what looked like T-shirts. A hiding place?

I took her to my house and waited for my wife to get home, Suzy reading in the sunroom, me wondering if ice would help my, "Blue Balls?"

The procedure went well, the "tumor," according to the doctor, "the size of a grapefruit. Medicated to help minimize her pain, Suzy spent the next 18 hours resting, getting up only to use the facilities and to eat whatever had been recommended.

Don came home on Wednesday night, thanked us for tending to her, and took her home.

The next morning, on a hunch, my wife drove to her sister's house, only to find her alone. "Don had to file an order and get the transcripts of the trial to his partner this morning," her excuse for him not being there.

Suzy had all she could do to keep her sister from hiding in the closet and cutting his balls off when he went to sleep that night.

As she slowly recovered from the surgery, things got, if possible, worse between Don and my wife. While she may have been a, "bit," overprotective of her sister, his actions were the cause of this feud and unless something changed, Suzy and I would continue to find ourselves in the middle.

About three weeks into her recovery, I had to have a, "Basil cell carcinoma," removed from my neck, more for cosmetic reasons than anything else, my dermatologist telling me that it would continue to grow until, "..., your dog can't stand the sight of you!"

I insisted he wanted to remove it, "..., so you can afford to make the next payment of your girlfriend's Mercedes!" His wife drove a Toyota.

Turned out he wasn't going to handle the procedure anyway, a plastic surgeon tapped for the duties. Suzy joined my wife that afternoon, a chance for the two of them to bust my chops too good to pass up.

When the nurse came to fetch me, we had this exchange:

"What's another scar," my wife told the nurse, "he already looks like Frankenstein!"

"Now honey," I replied, "remember, scars are tattoos..., with better stories!"

"And what kind of story will this one tell?" Suzy asked.

"Cupid missed...." I answered.

She smiled a secret smile.

"If that's the case..., he's missed a lot. Like over your eye, (hockey stick) on your chin...," (baseball) my wife's comment.

"Your nose, (Basketball) your knee, your elbow..., your back, (all of the above) from Suzy.

"Time to hang'em up old man," my bride suggested, as the nurse opened the door to the surgical unit.

Getting a chaste kiss from both of them and then turning as I walked through the door, "And that's the last thing I'll hear from the two of you...?" a sad look on my face, "What if she slips with the blade and cuts my throat..., how will you feel then?"

"Emancipated," with a beautiful Irish lilt, the nurse answering for them, then adding a wink. "But..., unfortunately for the two of you," taking me by the arm, "Dr. Stevens is the best in the business, so she'll make sure she returns this boyo to you in one piece."

I was back in less than 10 minutes.

While she was waiting, Suzy had taken that time to pick up a brochure explaining the, "Pros & Cons" of, "Breast Augmentation."

"There's some serious reading," I quipped, as she read from the pamphlet on our way home.

The return visit to the Dr. Stevens office took place five days later, Suzy again accompanying my wife and I, this appointment to remove the stitches and have the doctor check her work. "Three weeks, and you'll never know the basil cell was there," she pronounced, satisfied with the job she'd done.

That was when Suzy ambushed her, a quick, "behind closed doors," survey, which found Dr. Stevens offering, "..., I don't see a problem. Let's have you recover from the previous procedure for a little longer, get your strength back, and then set up an appointment. By the way, is your husband on board with this?"

Suzy set up an appointment for herself and Don with Dr. Stevens where she would explain the procedure, recovery times and consult on the, "Size improvement."

Needless to say, my wife wasn't on board with this, "You're perfect the way you are," her opinion on the, "Size improvement."

When asked, I had no opinion..., until backed into a corner by both of them. Then I ventured an, "I don't see a need to improve anything."

Which was true.

They, "consulted," with the good doctor and scheduled an appointment in a month, provided that Suzy's gastroenterologist approved that timetable.

There was no indication of the size, of the "Size improvement!"

During the month wait, Suzy signed up at a gym, worked with a, "Personal trainer," (a female) and continued to recover from the "tumor" operation. By the time the, "Size improvement," came around, she was nearly fully recovered from the first operation and ready for the next. Don actually took her to the hospital, stayed for the day and returned the next day to bring his wife home.

My wife still wasn't convinced.

Two weeks later, they went back for a consultation, to unwrap the, "improved size," check on the swelling, the incisions and make a general determination on her progress.

"Dr. Stevens is happy," Suzy told her sister the next morning.

"How about you, are you happy?" the follow up.

"Uh huh..., yes...," the, not so enthusiastic, reply.

By now it was early September and we found ourselves in the middle of an unseasonably HOT spell. Since I owned a boat, along with access to the ocean, I asked if my bride would like to play hooky with me and take a ride out to Martha's Vineyard. "Sure," a smile of appreciation, "but can we take Suzy with us?"

I'd seen very little of her over the past two or three months..., actually since the incident in her bedroom and the two visits to the doctor's office. It hadn't been on purpose, more a function of time and opportunity, so how could I say, "No?"

We invited Don too, but he had, "A million things to do," so, with a picnic basket packed with the usual..., fresh fruit, cheese, a couple of sticks of fresh bread and, this time, a big cooler full of margaritas..., off we went.

The southwest corner of Martha's Vineyard is dominated by a nearly one hundred high foot, mostly clay cliff that drops to a beautiful beach. It is called, "Gay Head," and the beach continues along the entire south facing side of the Island.

It is, for all intents and purposes, a, "clothing optional," beach. Always crowded, by both beachgoers and boaters, it is a beehive of activity.

But that's during the summer. On this beautiful, "Indian Summer," day, we were pretty much alone.

As soon as we were anchored, the girls, both wearing beach cover-ups, stripped off the garments to reveal..., the same bathing suits they'd been wearing on the day we'd been visited by the local, "entertainers," on Orient Beach in St. Maarten. My wife in her one piece, monokini and Suzy in her tiny, "Triangle," string bikini.

Two things were immediately obvious:

