 While my investigation and eventual application to the Adult Sex Club, "Options," had been an endeavor that had turned out light years more erotic that I could have ever anticipated... during that same time I'd also stumbled onto something else that had peaked my interest. 

While cruising the internet one night I happened upon an adult, "Friend Finder," site. Offering, "millions" of subscribers, "World Wide." I perused what I could and then did a little investigating, reading the posts of former and current members who had found the site's promises either lacking or more rewarding than they'd hoped. Since membership was free, I figured I'd take a chance and see what it was all about. 

And, as usual when something is free... it was a waste of time. 

With the way the site was set up, the listings of the current membership was listed by category, meaning those that paid the most got first listings and the full package of benefits. As a, "free," member, I couldn't instigate a conversation with other members and my profile was so limited that no one would be interested in us. So against my better judgment, I joined. 

That worked... in the sense that I was now free to see pictures of and read about current members and to also expand my search area. Membership had the added benefit of having members now able to read our profile as well, resulting in a dozen requests for more information and pictures in my mail box the next morning. 

Pictures were something I hadn't considered. 

Since I liked to keep Elle in the dark about my plans, her knowing in advance what I was thinking would more than likely cause her to react negatively or prematurely to those plans. So asking her to let me take "suggestive" pictures of her might draw a, "What for?" from her. 

I contemplated that for a night and decided she wouldn't balk at pictures taken at 2Hot or Seductive Nights. All I'd need do would be to frame the request with, "Jesus baby... you look so damn sexy in that dress...!" 

Despite the success of our "Orientation" experience, further rendezvous with Elle were waylaid by our usual family obligations and my business demands. It took us almost another two weeks before we were able to get away on another date and that only because she got an afternoon off from school, the vote by the school committee on the naming of a new principal to be held that day. My explanation of why I needed a camera, as we walked into 2Hot, was passed off by my wanting to, "... see you in the various outfits you model..." in case we didn't buy any of them... so I'll have a catalog of things to buy you, ... just in case something comes up for a special night out." 

She never gave it a second thought. 

Kat, on the other hand, made me promise not to even expose the camera if there were other customers in the store. 

I could understand that if we fit the profile of her, "average," customer, given the state of Elle and my relationship. 

After she'd modeled the three outfits that Kat had set aside for her, I had over a hundred shots to choose from. And I bought all three ensembles. 

That night I downloaded five pictures, all showing her body but not her face, along with addition profile entries. I hoped that would draw a positive response. 

Boy was I wrong! 

The next morning, I had twenty six emails in my on-site box, all but two of them demanding more pictures, all of those wanting pictures that included her face and three of those wanting pictures of her face with their cock in her mouth! 

This wasn't going to be as easy as I thought. 

Over the next four days, I received another nineteen messages, all but two of them similar to the previous twenty six. And neither of the two that had shown promise answered my reply to them. 

Week one... and we'd been shut out. 

The following Wednesday, I told my last story of the year, the children thrilled that they and their favorite summer things to do, were included in Alexis and Batman's trip to the beach. Lots of hugs and, "Thank you's," and then Elle asked Mrs. Harrington, the teacher in the adjoining classroom, to take a picture of she and I, sitting in the middle of the entire class. It was a great picture... if only because you couldn't see Elle's hand in my lap! 

With the school year nearly finished, Elle and I sat around after she'd herded the kids to lunch, planning some fun for the upcoming summer. That said, the school year might have ended, but not without controversy. 

It seemed that the superintendent and school committee had gone against the recommendation of the Faculty Advisory Board and hired a young assistant principal from a community in an adjacent county to replace the retired Leo. "People here are pissed," Elle told me, "saying that they'd wasted their time and energy in researching the best candidates, only to have their recommendations overridden." 

"Related to one of the school committee?" I asked. 

A laugh, "It's possible," she replied, "he hasn't even completed his Master's in Administration yet. The girls on the committee said he offered to take less salary until he finishes that process, but they're still pissed." 

"Another case of, "You get what you pay for?" I said. 

"We'll see. School officially ends today but we have to come in tomorrow to turn in the report cards and fill out the student profile papers. The Superintendent is having the new guy come in at 2:PM for a, "Meet and Greet," so we'll all know a lot more after that." 

We made tentative plans for the following Tuesday, both Kim and TJ already signed up for a Summer Arts program. 

That night I got my first serious hit on the, "Friend Finder," site. Forty eight year old divorced guy, wrote legibly, was able to articulate his reasons for wanting to hook up and better still, he had his own IT business and was available anytime we were, so I asked about the following Tuesday. "What time and where?" his only requirements. I asked him to give me a day to set it up. 

Since this would be my/our first foray into internet, "dating," I wanted to make sure of a couple of things, most importantly that this guy wasn't law enforcement! The other would be... that he wasn't a pervert! I excluded myself from that designation since I was doing this for Elle and not myself. 

(Rationalizing is one of my many attributes!) 

With all that in mind, I figured that a public meeting would protect Elle and I, Seductive Nights offering the best cover as there were always three or more girls on the sales floor. The plan I laid out had Dean, my new friend, entering the store ten minutes after we did. I would make sure Elle was in the dressing room and all he would need to do is walk past as she was undressing. While I didn't tell him that she would, "inadvertently," leave the curtain slightly open, I knew that he would, automatically look to his right and that would get things going. If he was a cop... what had she done? Nothing! She just accidentally left the curtain partly open. And if he thought that maybe we were cops... what had he done? Nothing! He'd just glanced into a dressing room that he thought was unoccupied. 

Tuesday took forever to arrive. 

As we drove into the city, "... breakfast first and then Seductive Nights," I'd told her, she gave me a review of the, "Meet and Greet," with her new principal. "Well, first of all, Allen is young and good looking. Great smile and... he likes to flirt. Funny thing was, before we got into the conference room, one of the girls on the committee told us that, "... there was a rumor at his last school that he and a young teacher had an affair! I don't know any more than that, but it was a pretty strong rumor." With that on his resume... he was... oh and his wife was there too!" 

"So he has his wife with him, and there's a rumor that he had an affair with a teacher at his last school... and he's flirting? This guy have a death wish?" 

Cute smile, then, "No, I think it's just his nature... did I tell you he's Italian?" 

Among the many qualities she possesses, a clear understanding of nationality traits is not among them. Elle's dad, a fine man by all accounts, had passed on his, "Archie Bunker," mentality when it came to, " /Americans." For instance: "You need a doctor or a lawyer? Find a Hebe. Someone to plan a venture or design a product that will last? Hire a Kraut. Want to annoy an unwanted guest or start a riot at your son's soccer game... 

invite a Limey. Piss off everyone with their air of superiority, but make sure they bring the wine... that would be a Frog. Screw up a junkyard? Don't know one Polack who couldn't. Go out on the town for a night and not make it home for two days? Invite any of you cousins... or just about any one of your Irish friends. And finally... are you looking for someone who will make your panties wet, just by walking into the room? No one does it better than a WOP!" 

Over the course of our relationship, I'd somehow managed to defuse almost all of these prejudicial views, but this was the first time she'd actually voiced the idea that an Italian/American man could not control his genetic urge to, "flirt... or worse?" with every woman he encountered, even with his wife standing next to him! I figured I'd let this one pass, if only for the comedic value. 

She continued, "So after the meeting was over, Sharon, the superintendent, and a couple of the Advisory Committee members asked the faculty to stay. Sharon then voiced her take on Allen's supposed affair. "I know there are rumors floating around that your new principal had an affair at his last job. Please understand that the School Committee and I did our, "Due Diligence," regarding that rumor, with both parties swearing it wasn't true and, that the, "Powers that be," in that town investigated the rumor fully. There was not then, nor is there now, any evidence that such an incident happened and I'm fully satisfied it never happened!" 

"Wow, what did you all think of that?" 

She smiled again, "Sharon left and we sat around and talked for a while. A few of the older girls were very hesitant to give him any kind of break, but after everyone had voiced an opinion and we perused the, "Academic Plan," he'd given all of us for the coming year, we decided to give him the benefit of the doubt, "... if only because his wife seems very nice, so she must believe him!" 

"Not a ringing endorsement," I told her. 

"He only has a one year contract, just in case he doesn't complete his Master's, and he's working on the cheap, so what do we have to lose?" 

"A year of the children's education if he's a nit-wit!" I replied. 

"It will only be him losing out," she answered, "we won't allow him to do anything like that!" 

Breakfast had us discussing the role of males in the elementary schools and also the amount of, "known," affairs between teachers. To her knowledge, Elle could only confirm one affair in her years of teaching and that between two lesbians, the younger of the two in a, "committed relationship," with the former lover of the older woman. "Revenge," the reason for the affair, all parties agreed. 

All of that talk only served to make me more anxious to get to Seductive Nights, the promise of a stranger ogling her in the dressing room and then watching her reaction to his stares. I could only hope that Dean was as he'd advertised. 

As it turned out, he was both better... and worse than expected. 

Better because he was right on time and much better looking and groomed than I'd expected. And worse because... well this is what happened. 

We got to Seductive Nights and were greeted enthusiastically by Hue and Helen. "Where you been?" Hue asked, "we keep sexy clothes in back for you. Want to see you here every week!" 

Helen smiled at her clerk's sales pitch, adding, "While I know you have to work, we really do enjoy the games you play. It can get pretty boring in here, day after day, so you two are a welcomed relief." 

She had no idea! 

Dean walked in exactly ten minutes after we did. Nearly my height, looked to be in good shape, slightly long sandy blond hair and a full beard which set off his deep blue eyes. Elle would love that! Wearing slacks, a short sleeve Polo shirt and boat shoes, he looked more ready for the marina than Seductive Nights. 

I'd told him he'd have to come up with an excuse for being there. 

And, as I'd promised, Hue had Elle in the dressing room, a half dozen outfits ready for her to model. At that moment, Hue and Helen were choosing shoes and accessories to go with the clothes, Elle alone in the dressing room taking off what she'd worn into the store. 

As scripted, Dean wandered around slowly, checking the merchandise, making his way to where I was standing and the dressing rooms. Because the two sales girls were on the other side of the sales floor, I motioned Dean to move a little faster, since I wanted him to approach while Elle was still undressing. 

For some reason, dressing room #1 had been designated as, "Elle's Dressing room." Didn't know why, or if it had been a conscious decision on Hue's part, but it was always where Elle would change. 

That worked well for me because, always suspicious, I figured that even the most jaded detective would agree that as he approached, Dean's eyes would instinctively move to the right, if only to see the inside of the dressing room. 

"Nothing nefarious going on here folks, move along!" my objective. 

And that was exactly what happened. Again, as I'd scripted, he got to the dressing room, glanced to his right and stopped in his tracks! Didn't know if it was Hue or Elle who'd left the curtain open, but instead of the usual six or eight inches, it was more than eighteen inches open and Elle was just slipping off the last of the garments she'd worn that morning, a denim mini skirt with nothing underneath it. Naked, she ignored Dean, looked approvingly at herself in the 3way mirror and then chose one of the dresses Hue had hung inside. 

I'd instructed him to freeze, stare for a couple of seconds and then say, "Holy shit," or "Wow," or something to that effect, delay another couple of seconds and then apologize profusely for peeping. After that, he was to walk around behind me and stop a short distance away to look at something. 

My objective was, as I've stated, to see how SHE would react. 

I hadn't counted on how HE would react! 

He froze... and stayed that way. No dialog, no apology, no nothing except his opened mouth stare and dazed look! 

It was Elle who finally broke the spell. Holding the dress up in front of herself, she looked at him in the mirror and asked, "You like?" 

That snapped him out of it and he stuttered, "Ho... Ho... Hol... Holy... Holy Shit!... "Wah... Wah... Wah...Wow!" and then he ran out of the store! 

Neither Hue nor Helen even knew he'd been there. By the time they arrived back at the dressing room, Elle and I were still laughing at what had happened, with both of them very disappointed that they'd missed everything. 

He didn't come back and I ended up buying two more outfits for the box in her closet. We had lunch down the street, none of the workmen out on the sidewalk and then we went to our, "NoTell motel," where we, Elle, talked some more about the man in the store and her disappointment that he hadn't stayed. 

I took that was a sign that she would have welcomed his advaces. 

She then took her frustrations out on me, sucking and fucking me into an hour and a half nap once we'd finished. She got home just in time to pick Kim and TJ up. 

That night I messaged Dean. "What happened?" 

He replied, "Christ I'm sorry! To be honest, I freaked! I never expected her to be that beautiful, that sexy or that aggressive! I've had two previous experiences on this site and both of them had used a ten year old snapshot as their profile picture. I can't believe she never flinched when I stopped in front of the dressing room, didn't really even look at me, but obviously didn't mind me looking at her. Is there any possibility that I can redeem myself?" 

I answered, telling him I'd keep him in mind if something came up and that she wished he had stayed because she enjoyed his voyeurism. 

And now, with nothing else to do, Elle started to run and exercise in earnest. "I'm out of shape and getting fat," her explanation when I questioned her. Since neither was true, and she'd been a runner for years, competing in local 5K's and some even longer races, I figured it was a way for her to work off her frustrations at not having me around every day. Whatever the reason, it couldn't hurt. 

Another opportunity to take her out appeared two weekends later. Son TJ's travel baseball team playing in a three day tournament in an adjoining state, his father going along with the other fathers, mothers not invited. Elle thought that was odd, protesting only on behalf of the single mothers. Todd assured her that provisions had been made for the two boys in that position, telling ALL the moms it was a chance for the men to get the boys off on a firm footing for the season. Elle wasn't buying any of that, but happily went along with it. 

Finding out that we had a whole weekend off, I called a buddy, needing him to invite me to play in a weekend golf event. He did that the next day, calling my house and talking to my wife, explaining his plans and that he hadn't been able to reach me. She told him I'd go, since it gave her an opportunity to visit her mother and sister for the weekend. 

Good wingmen are hard to find! 

Now all Elle had to do was find a way to get Kim out of the house. But once she found out TJ was going to be gone for the weekend, Kim asked if she could spend the weekend with her friend Samantha. 

Problem solved. 

Then I contacted Dean, asking about his availability. "Where and when?" again his only questions. We discussed his ability to deal with her and he promised that he'd gotten over his initial jitters and that he would, "... charm her socks off," if given this opportunity. My only question, "What if she recognizes you?" His simple solution to that problem, "I'll shave off my beard and get my hair clipped shorter." 

That sounded good enough for me. 

I promised to contact him with all of the information as soon as I'd made a reservation and that I'd also come up with a scenario that would offer him the chance to seduce her. "But I'm not promising anything in that regard," I wrote, "it'll be up to you. Oh, and I'll make sure she's wearing socks." 

I made a reservation at Katmandu in my name, knowing that Chloe would see that we were coming and... after making that reservation, called again and made sure that one of the three tables was reserved for a fictitious couple that would never arrive. I reserved the other table for Dean. 

Then I called Elle and gave her the time we were to meet. I also told her, "You decide what to wear." 

Given her penchant for wearing less and less, I thought I'd test Dean's resolve right off the bat. 

I worked on the scenario for two nights, making changes as I thought about the possibilities. 

Dean loved it! 

Friday came and Elle was late as usual. Luckily I'd learned my lesson from her previous tardiness and given myself an extra hour for her to show up. She'd used forty five minutes of that hour! 

"Hi baby... sorry I'm late," as she got into the car. 

Shaking my head in exasperation I asked, "You have no one home to slow you down... but you still can't get here on time... how is that possible?" 

"Vic." 

"Vic?" 

"Yes, Kathy's husband Vic. My getting dressed at their house has become a tradition of sorts, a glass of wine and then me coming out of their bedroom dressed to go out with you. Vic always makes a big deal out of it, telling me, "I remember when all you wore were your pilgrim clothes." 
