 THURSDAY NIGHT

It took him a while to spot her. In the shadows of the bonfire facial features were hard to identify, especially with that many people around.

Not to mention the ten years that had passed since he had last seen her. A person could change a lot in ten years. A whole lot.

But she hadn't. 

Wow!

As soon as she stepped out of the night shadows and closer to the security tape around the bonfire he instantly recognized her. The recent photos he had seen of her had not been touched up or exaggerated. She looked amazingly like she did in 1997. He had forgotten how tall she was. She was probably five nine.

Alan still wasn't about to make a fool of himself. He tapped the shoulder of a young boy standing close by.

"Who's the lady in the red sweat shirt and jeans over there?" 

The kid looked and replied.

"Are you talking about Mrs. Spencer?"

"O-o-o-h-h-h, that's right. Mrs. Spencer," Alan tried to pass it off as if it just hit him.

"Pretty damned hot to be forty, huh?" The little punk obviously had more than a passing interest. 

"She's gorgeous. She taught me more than ten years ago." She was thirty-eight but Alan wasn't going to bring it up. He just wanted positive identification.

There wasn't a lot of time to waste. Making sure the kid wasn't paying any attention he slipped through the crowd to "bump" into her.

It was the last Thursday night in October and the big bonfire was part of the rituals of high school homecoming in the little town. Alan's class was being honored at its tenth anniversary. He had seen a few of his old classmates but wanted to avoid them for a while. He had no real interest in them. At the moment he was on a mission and her name was Karen Spencer.

He had identified her. Now he had to introduce himself. He had mentally practiced it, rehearsed it. He wanted to be suave, not the bumpkin he was when he left years ago.

Karen took one look at Alan as he approached and immediately recognized him. She had seen the list of ex students that had responded to the homecoming invitations and knew he was on it. She couldn't quite understand the intimate air of excitement that she had been experiencing since seeing his name but it was definitely there. 

And now, so was he. And was he ever! After ten years he had matured from being just a teenage athletic "hunk" to a really attractive man.

Zing! There it was, right between her legs. Even after ten years the thoughts of him still caused it. The fact that for years her husband loved to cultivate and tease her with erotic thoughts about Alan didn't help to quell it.

She wanted to act surprised to see him, to be really clever or something. So she laughed, looked about and then said in a low voice, "You want your camera back, Alan? I still have it. I'm afraid the batteries are dead."

Once she said it she felt really stupid! How ridiculous! She was acting like a teenager. Not to mention the batteries weren't dead, not as many times as she had changed them!

Alan cringed. So much for her not recognizing him. At the very end of his senior year two of his best friends had talked him into hiding a camera on some boxes under her desk one day when she was wearing a really short skirt. The little camera was digital, remotely operated and should have silently gone off without a hitch.

One dropped ballpoint pen ended that. Karen never once said a word, choosing to ignore it at the time and then calmly confiscated the camera after the class was over. Not once did she ever mention it the rest of that year and he certainly wasn't about to ask for it.

"How did you know?" Alan sheepishly asked. So much for being suave.

Karen laughed. She loved his discomfort. It helped shake her personal jitters.

"Kids talk, Alan. Kids talk." 

She was lying. Nobody had ever said a word. But for all his abilities in the classroom and on the athletic field back then she had known that Alan was still a big trickster, bordering on troublemaker.

Besides, his obvious attention to her his senior year couldn't be dismissed. That he was infatuated by the young teacher was extremely transparent to her. That wasn't new. It was quite common for a kid to have a crush on a teacher, especially a young beautiful one. 

That she strongly returned the interest had to be cleverly and totally disguised. Although she had been a newlywed at the time she still couldn't ignore his lavish attention to her because he was a good-looking guy, student or not. The evening after she had confiscated his camera she secretly strolled through the digital photos that had been taken. Of the thirty two pictures on the camera not only were there eight very explicit photos of her open crotch but also several pictures of Alan and his friends that had not been cleared before the prank. It was obvious who owned the camera. 

There had also been over a dozen more candid shots of her that made Karen's senses tingle in a place that they should not...especially for a new bride. Alan definitely had more than a mild interest in her! Almost all the other snapshots had caught her in impromptu poses where she was displaying an abundant amount of breasts and legs.

Karen remembered that, at the time, she had smirked. It was too bad for him that his little scheme hadn't worked. She hadn't been wearing a stitch under that short skirt that day and in the eight photos taken under her desk her exposed pussy was very obvious albeit dimly lit. When she had put the camera aside that night ten years before she couldn't explain her shaking hands.

Maybe it was his obvious attention to her back then...maybe it was his many attempts to photograph her. Whatever it was, he was the one student that she couldn't seem to forget even long after they had graduated. And her thoughts about him weren't always those appropriate for a married woman, teacher or not.

And now he was here. She wondered what really brought him back.

Alan shifted from foot to foot in the firelight. God, she was beautiful! The short cropped dark hair and perfect body was a reminder that she was a physical education teacher. Fifteen years of chasing teenagers on a playing field all day had kept her in shape.

Karen broke the awkward silence.

"Where has life taken you, Alan? The last I saw of you I believe you were college bound to Florida." She knew damned well where he had gone.

Alan thankfully took her lead. Yes, a football scholarship at a small school had produced a degree but no pro ball aspects. He had quickly found he was much smarter than he was fast. Married four years now, no children, work and live in Miami in the sporting goods industry.

And her?

Still married to Roger, the same Roger Spencer that coached him way back then. Roger was the head football coach now.

Nope, no kids here, either. Just never happened. Too late now.

Alan nodded and carefully watched what he said. He already knew all of this information and knew it would be very easy to give him away. He had to bite his tongue. He really wanted to blurt out, "How's your sex life?"

She could have answered, "You wouldn't believe me."

He would have said, "Yes, I think I do."

It was a good time for an intervention. Suddenly there were faces everywhere, smiling people from years past. It became a jumble of words, names, places.

Alan was as swallowed up as she. Then, noisy dispersal with the acknowledgements that they would all see each other at the game Friday night and again at the Homecoming dance Saturday night.

As they all left toward their cars Karen purposely slowed, allowing Alan to stay at her side. Some small chat, nothing major.

She was at her car. He hesitated as she got in, said good-bye and then he walked away. Was he missing an opportunity here? 

A voice came out of her opened window.

"Hey."

He turned.

"I looked." Very softly spoken.

She laughed as she drove away. It was evil of her but he had reacted like a little boy when she first mentioned it an hour ago. She had gained confidence through his obvious embarrassment.

He blushed. She could have only meant one thing.

The photos in the camera!

Alan drove around the small town. There was no nightlife here and his room in a motel twenty miles away was not exactly a beacon for an early night. He tried to remember things and places. He finally gave up the façade. He knew exactly where he was going and why. 

One slow pass and he could see her car in the driveway. These little towns never changed. Everybody still lived where they did ten years before. He parked his car down the street in a dark parking spot and slipped back in the darkness. Old habits came forward, old tendencies. This wasn't his first visual forage at their expense.

Ten years before in his youth, Alan had occasionally slipped around to the back of their small home and watched her. Them, really. Hidden in the darkness he had probably watched them a dozen times back then, mostly just watching as they got undressed. However, twice he caught them making love with the lights on. It was a wonder his young heart had survived it!

Tonight was no different. A blast from the past provided by a window not quite curtained all the way and soft voices barely filtering through the glass panes.

Karen undressed slowly. What a body! The few pounds she had put on over the years had made her voluptuous, not fat!

Alan let himself believe it was a show she was putting on just for him. Then Roger walked in.

"See anybody tonight?" He asked casually. He had been tied up in a coach's meeting.

"Yeah, lots of the older kids."

"Anybody in particular?" 

She thought a second. She was hesitating for a reason. She couldn't quite decide whether or not to divulge this information.

"I saw Alan Baker," she finally volunteered. She was such a wimp! She never hid anything from Roger.

Alan watched eagerly for Roger's reaction. Not much there.

"Oh, yeah?" Roger had to casually hide his excitement.

He walked up behind Karen and slipped her bra off. It froze Alan in place. Did he get lucky tonight? Her breasts were even more beautiful than he remembered. Full, tight, tipped with massive nipples.

"So, did Alan touch you?"

Alan was startled! 

Karen only turned her head away. It bothered her that Roger would bring Alan up at that very moment. Seeing the youngster who had become a handsome mature man had excited her and somehow Roger knew.

"Oh, cut it out. He was just a kid." Openly, she dismissed her husband's thoughts. What couldn't be ignored was the definite sensation between her legs. She hoped it wasn't apparent.

It was apparent. Very apparent. Roger could feel the sensual little undulations her body was making and wisely scaled back his explicit suggestions. Instead, he quietly let her react to any erotic sensations she harbored on her own at the moment. It was the right thing to do. She was already so absorbed with the emotions stirred up by her chance meeting with Alan that she didn't need Roger's lurid comments.

And it damned sure wasn't the first time Roger had brought him up!

For some reason, after the first few years of their marriage Roger began to mention Alan. She knew they had been pretty close as player and coach but it was uncanny when it happened. Without fail it was just as she was building to an orgasm that he would slip a little thought in, a little innuendo about Alan's senior year. The first time it happened she exploded, then turned him over and gave him her best fuck in years. 

After that he did it often, always at the right time and always with wonderful results. It was easy for him to visualize his wife being ridden by the young buck to fulfill her demanding sexual consumption. And it certainly wasn't difficult for her to imagine herself with her legs wrapped around that young athletic body.

Oh, yeah! Ever since they had met, sweet Karen Spencer had always had a huge appetite for cock! But when he teased her about Alan it seemed to be especially voracious. 

It wasn't as if Karen was totally without a clue. She knew how she reacted to the mention of Alan. But it was just some fun, an exciting stimulus for her and Roger when their sexual activities had started to wane. Just role-playing. Wasn't it?

But as she stood in front of her husband and a hidden Alan that Thursday night she knew that in the past six months Roger had begun to mention Alan more than just casually. She realized it had become more than just an every week thing. What surprised her about it all was that even with the increased episodes she would still have the same reactions. The mention of Alan caused her to fuck like a cheap whore! Now that he was here she certainly couldn't ignore the titillating sensations plundering her wet pussy.

Standing out in the dark Alan had no idea of what was passing through the heads of his two unwitting subjects. He knew what was passing though his own swollen head...both it and the long cock on which it crowned was hard as a rock!

He waited in the chilly darkness and questioned himself. What in the world was he doing? To be caught would be devastating in many more ways than one! But he just couldn't move.

Alan watched as Roger's fingers found her nipples, teasing them until there was an audible submission. Then panties, the bikini briefs slipping to the floor. Black bush in abundance there. No razor was coming close to that thicket!

He pushed Karen against the bed and then gently down until she was on her back. Her legs were guided up, his hands slowly placing them on each of his shoulders. 

The teasing began. Roger had hardly given Karen a chance to begin her usual whimpering before he made an announcement.

"You're soaking wet." 

It was a statement loud enough for Alan to hear. He was as elated as Roger!

Karen silently acknowledged Roger's discovery. Yes, she was very wet. She wanted a cock very, very badly. 

She knew it was not to be, that she would only be tantalized and teased instead. She still pleaded her case.

"Please, Roger. Not tonight." Her voice was soft, begging. She knew what was about to happen. She had been through it many, many times before in the past few years and every night for the past ten days.

Roger proved her intuition to be right. As Alan watched from his dark perch Roger went through his routine, teasing her unmercifully, using his fingers and mouth with an expertise that even Alan appreciated. 

Obviously, so did Karen. For all her protesting she relented, moaning softly under the touch, her body moving slowly in a rhythm with his hands and mouth. When his mouth found her clit she turned her head and moaned loudly, providing the hidden Alan a perfect view of her contorted expression.

Twenty minutes. The teasing went on for at least that long. Roger left little to want with his hands and mouth. Karen begged, desperately needing much more tonight than just hands and mouth. 

Alan could only watch with a heart beating so hard surely it was audible. He had no idea when, during those twenty minutes, his hard cock came out and was sliding slowly in his hand.

Then, the gentle switch of positions. Alan didn't understand it at first. Roger planned it. Karen moaned about it. To her, it was pretty much a standard development. She knew it was coming while hoping it wasn't.

Roger slid around until he was positioned behind her head. Grasping each of her legs he pulled them up and back, allowing his big hands to keep sliding up until he had her by the ankles. Her feet were spread wide to each side of her shoulders. 

Alan almost lost it! In the bright light, Karen's heavily thatched crotch was spread wide and totally exposed directly in front of him. There wasn't more than six feet from his face to her hungry pussy.

It was there! All of it!! The wetness, the fullness of her lips, the swollen redness of her clitoris. All of it for his most intense inspection.

Roger ignored her pussy as well as her awkward position. Instead, he concentrated on her upper torso and head, smothering her with his mouth and tongue until she couldn't ignore the barrage.

Alan was new to the game...he couldn't imagine where this was going. 

Roger did...he routinely demanded it. 

Karen did...she always ultimately relented to it. 

However, she didn't know that on this particular night and the month of nights preceding it she wasn't being just seduced or teased. Instead, she was being carefully primed.

Slowly, reluctantly, Karen's right hand moved. It started high on her knees first, fingertips brushing sensitive skin before moving. It was slow, deliberate. The long trip to her waiting pussy was antagonizing. Alan wondered if the long delay was for her enjoyment or Roger's. He let his mind wander and proposed recklessly that it was actually for him. He was pretty close to the truth!

When she reached that promise land Alan fully expected her fingers to quicken, her pussy to explode in self-induced ecstasy. Not so. Even though Alan's own wife would have hastened it under the same circumstances, Karen did not. This was a game that had been running for a long, long time. Years at the least. She knew what she was doing, what Roger wanted and expected of her.

Karen thought of Alan, wondering where he was at the time. She knew she could hold back...Roger couldn't. After ten minutes of watching her moan and writhe under her self indulgence Roger suddenly released her ankles and stroked himself quickly into a semen shower that went over her head and covered her chest. Then, and only then, did she speed up. 

Alan came. He couldn't possibly control it as he watched her perform a slow body dance that ended up as an uncontrolled thrashing about on the bed. The difference was that he had to remain quiet.

Not Karen Spencer!

She bellowed unladylike and moaned her pleasure.

Then, they lay perfectly still. None of them had left anything on the board.

Karen again thought of Alan. How odd that he was here.

Roger thought of Alan. He was here!

Alan quietly scampered to his car. Could he go further with this? He had two nights to go, two nights to strike.

"One night at a time, Alan," he thought. "One night at a time!"

FRIDAY NIGHT

It had been a good season so far. No losses in spite of some close games. Homecoming night against a good team packed the stands. Roger was on the field coaching. Alan and Karen both knew he would be tied up until the wee hours of the morning. Football season in Texas dictated that.

Alan had no idea how he would find Karen. Once he found her, what was he to do? Go plop himself down right beside her without so much as a "howdy?"

Worse still, here comes Dickheads one and two, his asshole buddies that kept him in trouble his senior year. Geez, he'd love to see them but why now?

A-a-a-h-h-h, fate! You wonderful thing.

"Alan!" Here it comes.

"Come on, good buddy! We're sitting up here with Karen Spencer."

Did I ever tell you guys how much I love you?

They didn't bother to tell him that Karen had pointed him out. She had been looking for him, a bazaar little tingle inside that belied her professionalism. If a teacher had any interest in a former student it should be about their experiences in life...certainly not the sexual pull she was experiencing.

And for any of the other boys, that would have been the case. There were literally hundreds of "ex's" on campus that weekend but only one of them had stayed on Karen's mind long after they had graduated. Her thoughts of Alan were like the pictures on that camera...they could be hidden away on a shelf but just a quick mental glimpse brought back some very vivid memories...and the erotic sensations that went with them.

For the next two and a half hours, four football quarters plus a homecoming halftime, the happy conversation buzzed around them. "Kids" came. "Kids" went. All with a story, most with children. Big smiles, happy hugs. S-o-o-o-o happy for you!!!
