 She stumbled into my shitty little apartment, laughing as she walked through the door. 

"This is it, "I said. "What do you think?"

"Yup, it's small and shitty, "she responded, "Just like you said it would be." 

"You want a drink," I laughed. "It seems like you need another."

"Rum and coke?"

"You bet," I said as I walked over and started making her a drink. 

Theresa and I had dated a few years back in high school before she broke my heart. We had both headed off to college and were back for the summer. I was a junior and she had just finished up her freshman year. It was good to see her, and she still looked pretty damn good. She was wearing a blue dress that showed off plenty of cleavage but not a lot of leg since it came down to her knees. She had awesome breasts. She always had. They were big and perky and I fondly remembered sucking on them back when we dated. What really completed the outfit, though, was the strappy black heels she was wearing. 

We had met at a party earlier that night. She had been in an off-again, on-again relationship with a friend of mine for a few years so, typically, I stayed away from her, not wanting to complicate things. That night, though, had been extra flirty, probably because of the alcohol. As the night moved on, I asked her if she wanted to come back to my place... just to see my new apartment. She agreed and we headed on over. 

I brought her her drink and we sat down on the sofa. We started talking about old times, reminiscing for about twenty minutes. Eventually, the talk turned to sex. Who had done what, what we were good at, etc. She made reference to her blowjob skills, something she was awfully proud of. 

"Oh," I said. "You think you are pretty good at that, do you?" 

"Yeah," she said. "You certainly didn't complain."

I laughed a bit and said, "Well, if you get a complaint, you've really managed to fuck it up pretty bad because a bad blowjob is still pretty damn good." 

"Are you saying I wasn't good?" 

I didn't really know how to answer. I was Theresa's first and, honestly, it was only ok. She didn't really know what she was doing and, though it still felt pretty good, it wasn't great. I didn't want to hurt her feelings, though, so I just said, "Yeah, you were great."

She obviously noticed my hesitation, despite my best efforts. 

"What?" she said. "Are you kidding me right now? What was wrong with it?"

"Nothing was wrong with it, Theresa. It just was a little awkward. I was your first, right? So you didn't really know what you were doing. It's no big deal. I still liked it and you definitely got me where I wanted to go."

Honestly, she looked genuinely sad when I told her this. I didn't want to make her feel bad. I was just being honest but, apparently, she cared about this more than I realized. 

"I'm sorry." I said. "Don't feel bad. It was wonderful. Honestly. I was inexperienced too and it was really special to me. It felt great. I loved it. I still fantasize about it sometimes."

There was an awkwardness that took over the room at that point and neither of us really knew what to say. I asked her if she wanted another drink and she said sure. I went to the other room and made her another rum and coke, still feeling bad about how the conversation was going. I really wished I hadn't hesitated. 

I brought her the second drink and, as I handed it to her, she snapped, "I want another shot." 

"What?" I gasped. 

"You heard me. I'm better now and I want to show you. Let me give it another try."

"Theresa, that's crazy. We're friends." 

"And we can stay friends. I just need you to know what I can do."

"Why is this so important to you?" I asked. "Who cares what I thought back then?" 

"It just is. That was my first and I liked that I was good at it. Or at least I thought I was good at it. I liked what I could do to you. It makes me crazy to think you didn't really like it."

"But I did like it!"

"I know, but in retrospect you don't think it was that good. I don't like that."

"Theresa, of course I would love that but you don't need to do thi...

"I know," she said, cutting me off. "But I want to. Look, I'm offering you a blowjob. What I think will be a pretty damn good one. Neither of us is in relationships and you don't have to do anything. This is commitment free head. Are we really talking about whether or not you want to go through with it?"

I was silent. When she put it like that, it sounded like a pretty good idea. I was slow to respond, though, and she used my lack of response as an opportunity. She took me by the hand and led me to couch. 

"Give me a few minutes to get ready," she said. "Light some candles. I'll be right back."

I went ahead and did as I was asked, lighting candles around my living room before sitting down on the couch. I was starting to wonder if this was all some elaborate joke or if she was really planning on giving me head. A moment later, my concerns were answered. 

She entered the room, turning off the lights as she walked in so it was lit just by the candles. I could see she had taken her dress off but left on her matching black bra and panties, along with those sexy black heals. She stood in the middle of the room and said, "What do you think?"

"You look amazing," I said as I stood up and walked over to her.

"Can I kiss you?" I asked, "Or is this some sort of Pretty Woman- we can't kiss on the mouth- sort of thing?"

She laughed, "Yes, you can kiss me. This is a one night hook-up, though, OK? We aren't a couple or anything like that. I'm not expecting anything from you but an honest evaluation of my blowjob skills. I want some foreplay to get us in the mood, and then I want you to sit back while I suck that beautiful cock of yours. When I'm done, I want you to look me and the eye and tell me the God's honest truth that you've never gotten off like that before and you probably never will again. Deal?"

I didn't answer. I just wrapped my arms around her, pulled her close to me, and kissed her passionately. She kissed back and, all of a sudden, things started to feel very real. This wasn't just about settling some silly bet. There was intimacy here. I was starting to feel things for Theresa I hadn't felt in a very long time. 

She began to move her hands, which had been around my back, to my stomach, and down to my shirt, which she started to untuck. I pushed away from her and helped her lift my shirt over my head. Once off, she stared at my chest and ran her fingers over my skin. 

"Nice," she said, as her fingers trailed down to my and to the button on my jeans. 

"You aren't so bad yourself," I responded, as I leaned forward and kissed her breasts. 

She giggled and moved her hand down to the bulge in my pants. "This seems to be just as big as I remember it," she said as she undid the button on my jeans and unzipped my pants. 

She slipped her hand down the front of my boxers and stroked my cock. "Oh baby," she said. "You are ready for me." 

I responded by stepping back and pulling my jeans, boxers, and socks off. As I pulled my pants down, by cock sprang free, rock hard. I stood back up, now naked and ready. She reached for my cock and stroked it for a moment. 

"Do you still want to do this?" I asked. 

"More than you could possibly imagine," she said. 

With that, she got down on her knees so she was head-level with my crotch, took my cock in her hands and began. She started slow, maintaining eye contact the entire time, and licking up and down my shaft. She would stop every now and then to flick the head with her tongue or to put it in her mouth. She continued this for a few moments before moving down to my balls. The licked them gently while stroking me with her hand. I noticed her other hand had made its way down to her pussy which she was gently massaging through her panties. 

She continued to lick and suck my balls while jacking me off. It was ecstasy. It felt so good that I was having a hard time standing and felt my knees buckle a bit. 

"Uh oh," she giggled. "We better get you to the couch because you haven't felt anything yet."

She stood up, still holding my cock and playfully tugged me toward the couch. She kissed me again before pushing me back to the couch. Before I knew it, her head was back in my lap and she was slurping up and down my member while massaging my balls with her hand. As she moved her way toward the tip, she stopped, looked me in the eye, and took me deep into her mouth. She held me there and moaned as she sucked gently on my rock-hard member. She pulled me out of her mouth, gasped and stroked me a few times before taking me back into her mouth, even deeper this time. 

I was deep in her mouth, almost entering her throat, and I could tell she was trying to take me deeper. Meanwhile, she had her tongue out, gently licking the underside of my cock. Out of excitement, I bucked my hips toward her. She gagged a little and pulled me from her mouth and gasped for breath. 

"I'm sorry," I said, "I just got too excited."

"Don't be. I want you in my throat." She said with a smile and then went back for more. 

She took me deeper than a woman had ever taken me into her mouth. She gagged a little at first but was able to fight it off. She held me there and gently sucked as she did it. I bucked my hips a little and she moaned and continued to suck. As she pulled away, she gasped and moaned, "Oh baby, tell me that wasn't the deepest any woman has ever taken you." 

I couldn't respond. She was ridiculous and before I could even think of what to say, she had taken me once more; and this time, I was all the way in her throat. She didn't hold me there, though. She proceeded to bob her head up and down, each time taking me as far as she could. It was amazing but I didn't think I could last. 

"I think I'm gonna cum," I moaned. 

"Oh no you don't," she said as she sat back and just held me with her hand. "Not until I tell you." 

She reached back and undid her bra, letting it fall to the ground. She spit between her breasts and leaned forward, placing my cock between them and letting me titty-fuck her. She never lost eye-contact. She just kept stroking me with her beautiful tits, even now and then stopping to put the end of my cock in her mouth. 

"Theresa," I moaned. "If you don't want me to cum, I need a little break. This is too good."

She stopped, sat back, and said, "Too much for you, huh? I guess maybe I'm better than you remember?"

"You're amazing."

"Then let me finish you off, baby," she said as she leaned forward and took my balls in her mouth as she stroked me. "I want to feel that cum on my face."

She again took me deep in her mouth while cupping my balls in her hand. I started to buck my hips a little bit, fucking her mouth. I heard her gag a little bit but didn't stop. She didn't want me to. She looked up at me as I continued to fuck her face. She grabbed my hips and pulled me closer to her, taking me fully in her throat. It was too much. I started to cum. 

As the first shot hit the back of her throat, she pulled away and let the second shot hit her in the face. She let out a little giggle as she continued to stroke me. A few more shots of cum hit her in the face as she leaned forward and took me in her mouth once again. It was incredible. I was out of my mind with ecstasy and I could barely control myself. 

She began to slow down, took me out of her mouth, and did one final lick up and down my shaft. She wiped the cum off her face with her hands as she stood up. She gave me a final kiss and said, "Don't even pretend that wasn't the best you've ever had" and walked out of the room to wash up.