 When Keli arrived at Shane's apartment, she found the front door unlocked and a post-it telling her to let herself in. She set her purse down inside the door, looking around for him.

"Shane?" she called out, announcing her arrival. "Where are you?"

"I'm in the shower," he hollered back. "Join me." Keli walked over to the bathroom and opened the door. Several candles were burning on the countertop and on the small towel shelf. The room was warm and steamy.

"Hmmmm.....looks like someone is happy to see me," Keli said as she peeked into the shower.

"Definitely. Come on in," he said.

"I showered before I came over," Keli protested. 

"I don't care. Get your ass in the shower with me." Shane demanded. Keli grinned and stepped out of the bathroom. She stripped off her clothes, dropping them into a neat pile on the floor. So much for the lacy bra and panties. Shane wouldn't even see them. Keli looked at the clothing on the floor and shook her head. She had been in his house less than five minutes and had already voluntarily removed all of her clothing. Amazing. It usually took a little more effort to get her naked. Shane held back the shower curtain for her. Keli hesitated for a moment. She had just spent an hour on her hair and makeup. Shane wouldn't really get a chance to see it before the water ruined it all. 

"Get in," Shane repeated. Keli's moment of indecision passed and she stepped into the shower with him. Shane had one of those detachable showerheads. He set it to a gentle spray and soaked her entire body. He wiped her running eye makeup away with a washcloth.

"Put your hands over your head and spread your legs," Shane directed. Keli slid her feet out to the sides of the bathtub. She crossed her wrists over her head. Shane adjusted the showerhead to a pulsating setting. He pinned her wrists against the cool, tiled wall and brought the showerhead up between her legs. Keli closed her eyes and moaned softly as the warm, pulsing water splashed over her clit. She rocked her hips forward, opening a bit more for the water jet. Shane bent his head and began kissing her neck. The roughness of his goatee and the pulsating water stroked the two most sensitive areas of her body. The dual sensations overwhelmed her quickly. Shane kept her pinned to the wall as the orgasm shook her entire body. Keli leaned against the wall for support as Shane replaced the showerhead on the holder. The warm water sprayed over both of them again.

"Your turn," Keli grinned. She slipped to her knees in front of him. His cock was hard and ready for attention. Keli began to tease him with her tongue. She licked and kissed his throbbing cock, stimulating him but not yet taking him into her mouth. She dipped her head down to lick his balls while stroking his cock with her hand. A gentle tug on her hair made her raise her head enough for him to shove his cock deep into her throat. She sucked him hard, taking him as deep as she could. Unable to take it any longer, Shane pulled her to her feet. He turned her away from him and put her hands on the shower wall, causing her to bend forward slightly. His fingers slid down the crack of her ass until the reached her hot pussy. Keli shuddered as he found her distended clit. He rubbed her for a moment before sliding a couple of fingers into her pussy. Keli cried out with pleasure as he roughly finger fucked her. When she was thoroughly in heat, Shane removed his fingers. An instant later, she felt his cock against her. There was the usual twinge of pain as she was first penetrated. She loved the sensation of being stretched open and impaled on a hard cock. Keeping her bent forward, Shane grabbed her hips and fucked her hard. Keli slid one hand down to rub her clit as he pounded into her. She was screaming through her third orgasm when he pulled out and spilled his cum all over her ass.

"Let's finish up in here," Shane said. Keli nodded and grabbed the body wash. She carefully soaped and rinsed every inch of his body. When she finished, Shane did the same for her. While he was soaping her up, he let his finger linger on her asshole. He seemed to be testing her reaction. Keli pushed back against his hand. Shane added a little more soap and pushed a finger into her. He wanted to fuck her ass later and knew it was easier for her to accept anal sex when she felt clean inside and out. He continued to play with her ass, letting her get used to the sensation of having her ass filled.

"Planning to put something else up there?" Keli asked.

"All in good time," he teased. Shane finished rinsing her off and shut off the water. They both grabbed the giant bath towels hanging on the rack. They dried off quickly and left the bathroom, wearing only the towels.

Keli went to the living room to get her purse. When she joined Shane in his bedroom, she found him waiting with a bottle of wine. He poured two glasses and they sipped the wine slowly. Several candles flickered around the room, giving it a soft glow.

"What did you bring?" he asked, glancing at her bag.

"Massage oil," she replied. Keli pulled out a small bottle of cinnamon flavored oil. "Why don't you lie down and let me take care of you?" Shane immediately flopped down on his bed. Keli poured some oil onto her hands and began to massage his back and shoulders. Her tireless hands worked over his entire body. She worked the large muscle groups in his back and legs but also rubbed his hands and feet. It was well over an hour before she kissed his ear and whispered for him to turn over.

Keli oiled her own body and lay on top of him. She slid her body over his, rubbing her full breasts on him. As she slid up, she kissed him deeply, and then slid down his body, breaking the kiss. Sliding further down, she mouthed his hard cock. Then she pushed her tits together and rubbed his cock between them. The oil made her breasts nice and slippery.

"Good girl," Shane whispered, watching her tits bounce on his cock. Keli straightened up and straddled him. She was about to slip his cock into her hot pussy when he stopped her.

"I want to fuck you," she complained.

"I decided when you get fucked." He touched her pussy and realized she was literally dripping wet. He let his fingers tease her, stroking her slick flesh. Then he abruptly shoved her aside and got off the bed. Shane reached into a drawer beside his bed and pulled out a long silk scarf. He wrapped it around Keli's head as a blindfold. Then he tied her hands and feet to the posts of his bed. He stood back for a moment, looking over her vulnerable, spread body. Then he spanked her hungry pussy several times, causing even more blood to rush to the area. Keli moaned, arching her back as much as she could in the bonds. Shane's big hands cupped her tits. Her nipples were incredibly hard as he pinched them hard. His warm mouth closed on her left breast, licking, sucking, and biting the nipple.

Keli whimpered happily as both pain and pleasure washed over her. Shane treated her other breast to a similar tongue lashing. 

"Shane, please fuck me," Keli begged. Shane kissed her roughly, shoving his tongue deep into her mouth.

"Don't make me gag you," he whispered, slapping her tits. Keli heard him reach into the bedside drawer again. She gasped as he attached a clamp to her left nipple. Her right nipple was similarly clamped and she felt a delicate chain fall on her chest. The clamps were just tight enough to produce a constant delicious pain. Shane spanked her pussy again. He, then, completely withdrew from the bed. Blindfolded and bound, Keli waited for his next move. She was desperate to be mounted and fucked. Every inch of her body tingled with desire. She whimpered, straining against the ties on her wrists. Suddenly, she felt Shane's hands slide under her buttocks and his mouth locked on her pussy. She came violently as soon as his tongue touched her. He held her tight, continuing to lick and tease her. He refused to let her rest and forced repeated orgasms from her. She begged him to stop but he kept rubbing her oversensitive clit. He clamped his left hand over her mouth and slid two fingers into her cunt. As soon as he touched her g-spot, another massive orgasm rocked her body. Keli was nearly screaming behind his hand as he continued to stimulate her hidden spot. Every muscle in her body was quivering and she was slick with sweat. Shane finally stopped when he saw tears running down her face. She was absolutely spent and barely moved as he removed the clamps and untied her. Shane held her for several minutes while she caught her breath and slowed her heart rate.

"Holy shit," she finally managed.

"You liked that?" he asked, kissing her.

"Like you needed to ask."

Shane went to the kitchen and returned with a glass of water. She drank it gratefully, spilling just a little on her tits.

"You know," Shane said," I haven't spanked you yet today."

"That's true," Keli said, handing him the glass.

"On your belly, center of the bed," he ordered. Keli immediately complied. Once again, Shane tied her to the bedposts.

"Hairbrush, paddle, flogger, or belt?" he asked.

"Belt, please" Keli replied. She had been craving a good spanking but needed more than just a few slaps on the ass. She needed to feel completely at the mercy of someone else and to be sore for a couple of days as a reminder. Shane would give a severe spanking but would not inflict actual damage and she could stop him with a single word if it was too much for her.

"Exactly what I was thinking." He took a leather belt from his closet and laid it on the bed. He spanked her several times with his hand to warm her up.

"Ready?" he asked. Keli nodded and he picked up the belt. The first few strokes were light and stinging on her buttocks

"Harder," Keli begged. Shane brought the belt down harder, whipping her thighs and buttocks. She lifted her ass to meet each blow. It hurt like hell but also fulfilled a deep need inside her. There was something primal about a male dominating and disciplining a female like this. It just seemed right.

Shane gently touched the welts the belt had caused. "You've had enough," he decided. Panting into the pillow, Keli nodded. She expected him to untie her but instead; she heard the snap of a bottle top. Shane slipped a small pillow under her hips. Then he spread her ass cheeks and she felt the cool lubricant on her asshole. Shane's finger slid inside her, lubricating her deeply. He encouraged her body to open for him until he could get two fingers in easily. Face down and tied to the bed, Keli was unable to see exactly what Shane was doing. She heard a noise that sounded like a vibrator and a moment later, a vibrating dildo was shoved into her pussy.

"Feel good?" Shane asked.

"Oh yes," she murmured.

"Ready for my cock up your ass?

"Yes sir."

"Good girl," Shane said. He slapped her sore ass a few times before settling his body over hers. He carefully eased the head of his cock into her incredibly tight asshole. She pushed back, encouraging him to go deeper. He could feel the vibrator in her cunt. The large toy made her ass even tighter. He pushed forward until his entire cock was buried deep in her ass. Keli moaned happily. She felt like such a dirty girl with both of her holes stuffed full. It was hard to get her to admit it but she loved being ass fucked. She felt to submissive and so feminine when she exposed her most intimate parts. It always hurt a little at first bet then it became amazingly good.

Shane decided she had had enough time to get used to his cock. He wrapped one big hand around her throat in one final act of dominance and began to fuck her tight ass. He was rough and forceful with her. His body slapped against her welted buttocks as his cock stabbed deeper and deeper. The vibrator and her tightness were driving him crazy. He slammed into her, enjoying the way she writhed and groaned under him. Finally he couldn't hold back any longer. With a loud moan, he filled her ass with his hot cum. He remained inside her for several minutes before rolling off. Leaving Keli tied up, he went into the bathroom to clean up. When he returned, he removed the vibrator and gently wiped her clean with a warm washcloth. He untied her from the bed and she slowly sat up.

"Such a good little slut," Shane said,

"You know it," Keli kissed him softly. She was sore and exhausted but completely sated. With her last bit of energy, she pulled the sheet up to cover them and they both fell into an exhausted sleep.