 The alarm goes off, playing the same song as every other day. I groan, turn it off and climb out of bed. As I head to the bathroom to take my morning shower, I glance over to the bed and look at your beautiful form, hugging your body pillow. Lucky pillow. I step into the bathroom, get out of my boxer shorts and t-shirt, and step into the shower.

I begin to wash myself as I always do, stuck in my routine. About halfway through, I hear the bathroom door open. Surprised you are awake, let alone stepping in while I take a shower, I peek out to see you naked as the day you were born. Unlike that day, however, you are an incredibly sexy, alluring woman. I smile at the sight of your shoulder length brown hair, the swell of your perfect 36C breasts, your well shaped ass.

I say nothing as you walk up, open the curtain, and step into the shower with me. I grab you by the hips and move you close to me. Our lips meet, and my tongue parts your lips and explores your mouth. After a minute of enjoying this erotic moment, you break off and begin kissing down my body. I shiver as your lips meet my neck and move down my shoulders. I shake in anticipation as you kiss gently down my chest, over my abdomen, moving towards my ever stiffening manhood.

Before your lips meet my organ, you look up at me and grab a hold of it, pumping it a few times. Your naughty grin hardens me the rest of the way before you turn your attention to the throbbing beast in front of you. You lick your lips in anticipation before slowly—agonizingly slowly—lick the side of my cock from the base, stopping just before the head. You repeat on the other side, making me groan, wanting you to make contact with the head. You repeat this teasing several times, gently and slowly licking the side of my increasingly frustrated cock.

Finally you decide I have had enough and begin to lick the tip of my hard on. I suck in a breath at the pleasure, bringing another teasing smile to your face. I close my eyes to enjoy the pleasure of your oral teasing when you decide the teasing is done and plunge my cock into your mouth. I moan in pleasure and instinctively thrust my hips forward, giving you a bit more meat that you were expecting. You gag slightly, then back off, and plunge yourself once more down the length of my shaft. I stand there, helplessly under the spell of the pleasure you are administering to me while you establish a rhythm. I run my fingers through your now soaked hair as you glide up and down my manhood. Occasionally you stop with only the head of my dick in your mouth, running your tongue over the tip, sends shockwaves of pleasure through my entire body.

I'm building ever closer to climax, and I let you know that I'll be cumming soon. You pause only for a moment before working my cock with your mouth even more fervently than before. This new enthusiasm is too much for me to handle, and I begin spouting semen into your mouth. Spurt after spurt hits the back of your throat, you catch it all. You look up at me and let some dribble down your chin and onto your breasts. 

You give me a mischievous grin, then move backwards and sit on the back edge of the tub. Your hands move up to your breasts and you begin squeezing, fondling, and massaging them. Your fingers pull gently at the nipples, they stand even more at attention. Your hands wander down your body—over your belly, up the outside of your thighs, over the knees, to the inside of your legs. As your hands wander back upward, your legs begin to separate, showing off your sweet pussy. It is obviously very wet, and not just from the shower. Your right hand stops and begins to gently move up and down the folds of your labia. The other continues its climb up your body, and stops to once again pleasure your breasts.

I break from my erotic trance and drop to my hands and knees, moving myself closer to you. You smile and remove your right hand, giving my mouth complete access to your sweet pussy. I lick my lips in anticipation, eating your pussy is one of my favorite things to do. I slowly lick my way up and down the lips of your pussy. You close your eyes and lean your head back against the wall, content to leave me to my ministrations. My tongue moves up and down the lips, teasing you in the same manner that you teased me.

I dive my tongue into your pussy, exploring as far as it can reach. A soft moan escapes your lips as I slide my tongue up your slit, moving closer and closer to the center of your pleasure. You tremble as my tongue circles around your clit, anticipating the bliss that comes when I touch it. I deny you that satisfaction a moment longer, moving back down your slit and driving my tongue into you again.

Your hands move down and hold my head while I do my joyous work, and your hips begin to gently thrust upward. I know that you desperately want me to attack your clit, and I finally give in to your need. I flatten my tongue and very broadly move up over your slit, blanketing your clit, just the way you enjoy it. Your whole body shudders at the contact, as if electricity were running through it. I smile; you are going to cum quickly.

I repeat the slow, broad strokes with my tongue several more times. Your hips are moving more now—faster, and with more force. Your hands are now pushing my head into your pussy, insisting that I bring you release. I point my tongue like a sword, and attack your clit with full force. In mere seconds you are spasming uncontrollably as your orgasm tears through your entire being.

You sit there, breathing heavily, enjoying the afterglow of sensations that you have after you experience a strong orgasm. I sit up onto my knees and move close to you, kissing you gently. The kisses gain more and more force, and I begin to rub the head of my once again erect penis up and down your slit. After a few moments, I break off the kiss and lean back slightly, and watch as I plunge the full length of my member into your wet and ready pussy.

You cry out—your pussy is still sensitive from recently cumming. I take long slow strokes in and out, nearly exiting your pussy before moving back in all the way to the hilt. I place my hands underneath your ass and support some of your weight as you wrap your legs around me. I kiss that sensitive spot on your neck, drawing a few moans of pleasure in between your heavy breathing. Having cum a few minutes earlier, I am able to last until I choose to cum, and enjoy taking to time to maximize your pleasure.

You unwrap your legs and stand up. I move with you and smile as you turn away from me, place one leg on the side of the tub and bend over. You know I love fucking you from behind, and am more that than happy to fulfill your request. I waste no time in positioning myself behind you and burying my cock as deep as it will reach in your pussy.

There is no tender lovemaking now. I grab your hips and pull you toward me, pounding you without mercy. Your heavy breathing becomes moans and then cries. You push yourself back in time with me, begging me to give you as much cock as I can provide. I happily do so, while reaching around with one hand to squeeze your breast, and the other snakes to rub your clit.

This extra sensation is all you needed, and before long you are cumming again with incredible force, gripping my cock tightly. I don't pause while you are cumming, I grab your ass and thrust some more, working to bring myself to my own orgasm. You sense I am near, and grind your ass back toward me. A few more thrusts, and I go over the edge. I shoot my seed deep into you, sending spurt after spurt while your pussy grips my cock, squeezing every drop out.

You stand up, turn towards me, and kiss me gently. I hold you tightly, and enjoy the sensation of the shower washing over us.