 We awaken in a tangle of naked flesh still in each other's arms. I look down at your beautiful body admiring it scanning from your toes to your neck with my eyes. I slide out from under you laying your head on the pillow as I creep into the bathroom. I turn the knob breathing deeply as the lukewarm water hits my face. The water runs down my body tracing its hardened muscular outline before ending its trail in a soft sound on the floor. The curtain slides back partially as you step inside to join me. 

You look me deep in the eyes as you lean forward to kiss me; my hands instinctively explore your body. Slowly running their course over your hard nipples around the small of your back and finally over your belly to your shaven pussy. I plant kisses on your neck and shoulder as I rub your clit in small circles slowly massaging faster and faster. I slide a finger inside you as I start to kneel down sucking on each of your nipples. I take each one in my mouth teasing them with my tongue dragging it across each one. I kiss down across your abdomen lifting your left leg up and setting it on my shoulder. I flick your clit with my tongue before running my tongue around it; I place your clit into my mouth sucking and licking as the water runs over our meshed bodies. 

I feel your body tighten and I taste your sweet explosion as it mingles with the water your legs strain to clamp together as the last spasms exit your body. You pull my head up and push me against the wall of the shower as you kiss down my neck. You quickly trace kisses down across my chest licking and sucking each of my nipples before lowering down to my now swollen cock.

Softly you reach out and wrap your hands around my rigid shaft gently stroking up and down the length of it. You lift it up exposing the large vein underneath and trace it with your tongue running your wet tongue from balls to the head. Your soft fleshy tongue returns down licking my balls taking them in your mouth as you continuously pump your hand up and down. I reach down placing my hand on the back of your head guiding your mouth to my prick feeling the warm sensation of your mouth. My cock slowly disappears as it inches further down your throat you run your tongue on the underneath sending ripples of pleasure through my body. I moan as you near the base of my shaft pausing briefly before you hungrily start to bob up and down my member. 

I reach down massaging your tits squeezing each nipple in between my thumb and finger. My moaning gets louder as I get closer to finishing. You pull away as my cock pops free of your mouth. I stand you up turning you around and grabbing you by the hips bending you over. I reach down guiding my dick to the wet slit of your pussy pushing through past its puffy lips my cock head slides into your warmth sliding deeper into your love sheath. I bury my tool to the hilt before slowly sliding back out the entire length, repeating this just to tease you. I slam into you harder thrusting faster with each movement. I lean forward still pounding your cunt as the water splashes in between our bodies I squeeze your tits as I fuck you hard and fast you use your hands and brace yourself against the wall pushing your ass back against me to counter my thrusts. I slide a hand down rubbing your clit as your body starts to tremble and shake. I rub your clit faster getting you closer and closer before standing back up steadily ramming my cock in and out of you. 

I reach down and softly rub my thumb over your tight little asshole. Feeling it get wetter I start to slide a finger inside the sensation driving you over the edge as you start to orgasm for me again. You start screaming my name telling me to fuck you harder as my finger starts to slide in and out of your ass in rhythm with my cock. I feel the contractions of your pussy as you cum for my sending my body into its own climax. My body tenses up as the first blast sprays deep inside you jet after jet of my seed blasting the walls of your pussy. 

We slowly pull apart facing each other engaging in a deep passionate kiss. We both wash off helping each other out before stepping out the shower together. I grab a towel and dry you off rubbing down your body with the towel as you do the same for me. You once again kiss my waiting mouth before taking my hand, you whisper in my ear "Follow me." as you lead me to the bed once again. You push me down on the bed climbing on top of me looking into my eyes as a smirk spreads across your face. "Round 2" I suggest sarcastically.

To be continued...