 The weather was unseasonably hot and I'd had a particularly hard day at work. The first thing I wanted to do when I got home was get rid of my creased clothes and freshen up in the shower. For once you were home before me and I could tell from the glint in your eye that the warm weather had got the sap rising in you. You pull me to you, pressing your groin against me so I can feel your mounting passion. I kiss you long and deeply then teasingly pull away saying "race you to the shower". As I run up the stairs to the bathroom, I am removing my clothes, laughing as I throw them to the ground. By the time I reach the landing I am naked, I shout "What's keeping you, slowcoach?" But as I turn I can see that too are naked and rapidly catching me up. 

You follow me into the shower and as I turn the water on, you come up close behind me, pressing against me as you put your arms round me "i've been waiting all day for this "you say as I turn to face you, kissing you passionately as the water cascades over us. I can feel your cock hardening against the softness of my belly and I press myself harder against you in response. 

Still holding me you pick up the soap and start to rub it up and down my back, getting my skin all slippery, your hands sliding easily over my skin as you move them downwards, over the curve of my buttocks, kneading the soft flesh. Gently you separate them. Your fingers gliding along the crack and when the tip of your finger reaches the right spot I gasp and wiggle a little feeling your cock jump against me. You run your finger round the ring then gently push the tip in the center. Being well lubricated with the soap and with just a little pressure, your finger pops in. Involuntarily I squeeze to eject it then push against it, relaxing the tight muscle and letting your finger in further. Deliberately and rhythmically I squeeze your finger pushing back against your hand and wiggling. I push my hand between us seeking out your cock, you moan as I wrap my fingers round it and it twitches in response. The soap on my hand making it so easy to stroke you, my fingers moving faster and faster till you're on the point of cumming. 

Then I back away, you grab me trying to push your finger back in me but I make you turn round to face the wall and slide my wet hand between your buttocks, seeking out your hole, teasingly stroking over it as you push back and my finger slides in, instantly gripped tight by the muscle. I see your cock harden more as I wiggle my finger. I say " I'm getting wet here fucking your ass, just feel how wet " and I take that finger out and replace it with one from my other hand, which being very wet slides in twice as far, making you gasp. I reach down between your legs to massage your balls and grasp the hard base of your cock, you thrust forward pressing your cock hard against my hand. 

I put both arms round you and firmly stroke your cock. You reach behind you and I part my legs as your fingers sink into my wet pussy, my knees shaking as you find my clit and start to rub it. You raise one hand to your mouth, sucking your fingers greedily as you taste me. I'm still stroking your cock, bringing you to the brink of orgasm several times before finally letting you, the cum rolling out of you in long shuddering gasps, plopping down to lie unmingled in the water at our feet. 

You fall back against the shower wall and slide down, your cock still hard and desperate to thrust. I bend over in front of you, my dripping pussy inches from your face, you grab hold of my hips pulling me on to your mouth as you lick and suck my pussy, greedily drinking my juices. 

Eventually I move forward and lean against the opposite wall , ass pushed out towards you, teasing, beckoning. You get to your feet and lunge at me. Your cock sliding deep in my pussy as you find my clit and start to rub it. I can feel my pussy starting to tighten but I pull away from you, you wonder what I'm doing and start to protest but I just lean over a bit further and guide the head of your cock against my anus, pushing back hard till it pops in, wiggling my hips till its deep inside me. It only takes a few hard deep thrusts for me to come and I shout out loud as my pussy squeezes tight and I shake all over, my orgasm triggering yours and you pump hot cum deep inside me as we fall to our knees. Cum trickling down my thighs as your cock slides out of me. We kneel together kissing, getting our breath back as the water continues to flow over us. 

Reluctantly we turn off the shower and step out, laughing as we drip water on to the floor. You reach out and grab a large warm fluffy towel and start to gently dry every inch of me. Its softness soaking up the water droplets from my smooth skin. There's a sudden chill in the air and I shiver involuntarily, goosebumps appearing on my arms. You wrap the towel round my shoulders and start to rub briskly, making my skin tingle. Rubbing my arms and back, letting the towel slide down round my waist. You gently run your towel covered hands over my buttocks and hips before moving down my legs. You are knelt in front of me and I feel your warm breath on my damp pussy. You nuzzle your face against it and this makes me giggle, spurring you on to lick and kiss my clit before standing up, your hard again cock brushing against me. "mmmm we must do something about that " I say as I reach for a towel and start to dry you, slowly and teasingly patting and rubbing you dry all over, avoiding your cock till the very last. 

Once we are both dry we move into the bedroom. The bed looks so cosy and inviting. I turn to face you and you take my face in your hands, looking deep in my eyes, I close my eyes, part my lips and lean forward to kiss you, soft, slow and gentle to begin with, gradually increasing in intensity as I place my arms round you, pulling you to me, stroking your back as my tongue starts to probe your mouth, pressing my soft abdomen against your throbbing cock. You take hold of my hand and lead me to the bed. We lie down kissing and caressing all the time. "roll on to your tummy" you tell me, so I turn over. You straddle my thighs and lean forward to massage my back and shoulders , I can feel your cock lying between my buttocks as your hands slide over my skin. Mmm...

That feels so good, I gently moan as I start to relax even more. 

Moving back you gently part my legs with your knees. You push against my hips and tell me to get on my knees. 

I feel your fingertips on the small of my back, then you move your hand downwards, one finger sliding between my buttocks, as it passes over my anus, I shudder and twitch my bottom. You carry on downwards over my vulva and towards my clit, stroking it till it hardens, then you move backwards dipping your fingers in my now wet pussy, making me squirm with delight. Your fingers slick with my juices you massage the tender area between my openings, moving your finger in circular movements, constantly moving back towards my buttocks. As your finger moves over my anus it is so lubricated that it gently slips in and I let out a little squeal. You apologise and I reply " no carry on it just took me by surprise " you slowly push your finger deeper inside me, gently stretching and exploring me. Pulling your finger out you start to kiss my buttocks and I push back against you. 

You start to lick over my perineum, round my pussy to my clit. Causing me to moan with pleasure, you lick and nibble at my engorged clit, making me tremble. Probing my pussy with your tongue, lapping up my juices. 

You move forwards and I feel your hard cock against my vulva. You tease me by holding it and rubbing it up and down my slit, back and forth from my clit to my anus every so often pausing at my pussy for some more natural lubricant. You can sense my building arousal as every time you are near my pussy I push back, eager to have your throbbing cock inside me. You tease me a while longer then suddenly you push your thick cock to its hilt, deep inside me.

I gasp out with the sheer pleasure of it. You slowly pull out then thrust deep again, making me cry out again and you start to pump in a slow steady rhythm. You are thrusting so hard that your balls are slapping against me. My breathing is coming in gasps now as my pussy starts to tighten. We can both feel and hear my juices pouring out as I near orgasm. You quicken the pace as I push back in time to your ever deeper thrusts. I shout out loudly as I cum my pussy squeezing your cock tight. You thrust deeper into me, holding still as I feel your cock throb hard, spewing out your hot cum into my pulsating pussy. You relax and fall down against my back, my pussy giving one last shudder as your cock slides free. I collapse down on the bed and you roll off me. We kiss and embrace as we get our breath back. I turn on my side and you snuggle up behind me, kissing the back of my neck as your hand slides round to hold my breast. Happy and contented we drift off to sleep.