 I went to visit my older sister a week after I turned 18. The night after I got there, she threw a huge party, so I could meet some of her friends. I helped her barbecue steaks and chicken on the porch, and I had a really great time, but I was suffering from jetlag, so I headed to bed before the party was really over. 

I'm usually an early riser, so I got up before my sister, and went to take a shower. The warm water cascaded over my body, and as I lathered up with berry scented soap, I indulged in some lingering caresses on my pert young breasts. I must have been really distracted, because I didn't hear the bathroom door open at all. But when I turned to get out of the shower, there was one of my sister's friends, Jeff, standing right there, staring at me with this little smile on his face. I tried to cover up with my arms, and gave him kind of a dirty look when he handed me my towel. I took it, though, and covered myself, trying to dry off without flashing any more skin.

"Do you mind?" I asked, hoping he would get the hint and go. "What are you doing in here, anyway?"

"I was looking for the aspirin." He held up the bottle, and the pills shook inside, but then he set it on the counter. "I thought you might have a great body under those baggy clothes you were wearing last night. Guess I was wrong."

I figured he was trying to get a rise out of me. It worked. I stopped drying off and stared at him. 

"What?"

"Yeah." he said, and the tone of his voice sent a little shiver down my spine. "It's not just great. It's incredible." He took a step closer, his eyes roaming over me in a way that made me feel like I didn't even have the towel covering me. "You know, I've already seen you naked. There's no point in covering up."

I hugged the towel a little closer, and took a step back in the shower, almost moaning as my thighs brushed together. God, he was making me hot. I let the towel slip a little, exposing one of my small, sensitive breasts. My nipple was already partly hard, just from his talking, or maybe because my skin was still wet from the shower. I shivered a little, and didn't step back again when he stepped closer. His eyes slid over my breast, and then he met my eyes. 

"You look delicious." he said, in an even deeper tone of voice. "Can I taste you?" I couldn't seem to find the breath to speak, so I just nodded, and he didn't give me any time to change my mind. In a split second, he was right in front of me, his hand resting lightly on my arm as his mouth descended on my nipple. I moaned out loud as his tongue swirled over it, bringing it to full hardness. His fingers tugged at the towel, and when I let it slip lower, he suckled on my other breast. 

Before long, I was completely uncovered, and he was standing in the shower with me. His strong fingers teased my pussy lips before his finger dipped inside, finding out how wet he'd gotten me. He started kissing my neck, which always drives me nuts, and teased one of my nipples with one hand while the other gently explored my sensitive, wet folds. He kissed down along my young body, and before I knew what he was up to, he'd dropped to his knees to blow hot breath over my sweet, tight cunt. 

He paused to lean me back against the shower wall, and lifted one of my legs over his shoulder, baring my cunt to him completely. He looked up at me, watching my face as his tongue gently attacked my clit and cunt lips. I was moaning so loudly that I was sure I would wake up my sister. I was on the verge of cumming when he paused to push one of his thick fingers inside my aching hole. Pumping it in and out, he bent down to lick at my clit again, his tongue moving even faster than before, and I couldn't hold back any longer. I pushed my hips into his face, moaning and groaning helplessly as his tongue continued to work at me, prolonging my orgasm. He lapped up all of my sweet juices, and then stood, giving a last lick to each of my nipples as his fingers stroked my achingly sensitive pussy. He kissed my lips, and smiled, then stepped out of the shower, leaving me to finish drying off. I think I'm going to enjoy getting to know my sister's friends.