 This is the story of my best friend and how one weekend together, changed our lives forever.

My name is Evans and for the past couples of months, I've been hopelessly in love with my best friend Christin. We've been friends ever since she became 'the girl next door' but to me she was the most gorgeous creature I have ever met. We've been so close and we absolutely did everything together. I could talk to her about anything at all, including sex which came up a lot. Being a bunch of young adults in our early twenties with raging hormones, we always flirted with each other and joked about sex but I'd always been to chicken-shit to ever make a move. I don't know what I was waiting for, but before I could find the gut in my balls, something unexpected happened. In her fourth year in the one of the prestige private universities, she started dating Soli as I pitied myself from the windows of cowardice.

Come days, went days; through some wild parties and random hookups, my thought were ever on my best friend Christian. I know it sounds pitiful as hell but I dreamt about her almost every night. I guess this is the right moment to tell you about Christin. She is very beautiful girl with long, black hair, stunning brown eyes and the smile that takes your breath away. She is about 5'4, with athletic build, not muscular but definitely in shape. She's got a perfect, firm ass and gorgeous, smooth legs. I've been a total sucker for girls with great legs and I have to tell you, Whenever Christin busted out her shorts, I'd be drooling after her all day. I have never been a huge fun of girls with giant, bodacious pornstar breasts; they always looks kinda silly bouncing around with every step. Christin on the other hand, had perfect, firm, B cup breasts that fit perfectly on her slender figure. She was a pretty girl, by any standard, but no one else saw her the way that I did maybe apart from Soli.

After grueling two months apart, something went wrong in her relationship with Soli as Christin started again spending lots and lots of her time with me. The weekend she'd spent the rest of the night in my apartment. I didn't really know what was going on in her life. Did Soli cheated on her? Does she still think of me just as a friend? Should I finally make a move? What if I scare her off and ruin our friendship...?

To calm my mind as a result of freaking out, I decided to sneak in a quick workout in my apartment before she arrive from school. I did a couple sets of pushups and sit-ups; nothing too strenuous, just enough to bring my confidence again. I don't mean to brag but I'm very proud of my body. This past months I have been working out almost every day in the attempt to build some confidence to finally ask out the girl of my dreams. Yet, despite the sleeping over we had together I did have in me to tell her and maybe today was the day to be disappointed or to be.....you know!

I was just finishing off a set of pushups when I heard my apartment door click open. Christin never knocked, my door was always open for her to come on in whenever she was pleased. I stood up as I saw Christin through the door with a schoolbag in her hand. "I'm done with college!" She squealed as she dropped her bag, ran towards me and jump into my arms. I barely had time to ask her why and most of all why she was so excited. I reached and caught her just as she jumped into me. She wrapped her legs around my waist and my arms held her legs from below as she hugged me tightly. My face was buried in her smooth hair and I realized how much I have wanted the scent of her in that closeness. After an embrace that lasted for about a minute, I set her down took a step back and took a good look at her.

At that very moment, she looked the way she did in my dreams but even more beautiful than before she had spent sleep over in my house. She was wearing a pink top and turquoise trouser that showed off her gorgeous figure. I have always pictured her as girl but that very day it was a young woman who stood before me with amazing smile.

"Christin, why all these excitement?"

"I'm no more a college student and to hell...you are my first hugger after the college."

"Mmmhh. You look absolutely stunning" I said eyes still disbelief she had made my john to react.

She glanced down at my chest still rippling after my workout, then her entrancing eyes were was again on mine, "I see the workout is having some effect on your body but you smell like sweaty ass crack."

I laughed, "Sorry I was just finishing up a workout. I thought you'd come in the evening, the time I'm used seeing you when you are from school."

"Yeah, about that I came straight away despite Veronica insistence on the party they are holding in her house as I did really want to tell you the good news!" she replied with a mischievous look in her eyes, "I hope that's not a problem."

I smiled, "oh not at all. I'll let you tell me everything but after I hopped in the shower."

"That's probably a good idea," she joked, "and Evans, you're the best." She smiled at me as said it and it made me happier than I thought possible.

As I headed to my bedroom, Christin raided my kitchen and she was nibbling on my cooked spaghetti. I joked, "I haven't taken a shower after a minute, and you're already stealing my food."

"I regret nothing," she replied with spaghetti in her mouth.

"Of course you don't; it wouldn't suit you. I'm gonna wash up, try to leave some food left for me." I teased as she replied with a wink.

"I can't promise anything and you're a shitty cook."

I stepped into my room, threw off my shorts and stepped into the bathroom. I turned on the shower and thought to myself while I waited for the water to warm up. God, she looked amazing. She's even more beautiful than I've always seen her. I think she was checking me out... or maybe that's just wishful thinking. Come on man, just find some balls and make a move already!

I must have been pondering for a while since the bathroom was already getting filled with steam. I slipped out of my briefs and was about to step into the shower when I realized, oh shit, I left my towel on my bed. Steam continued to fill the bathroom as I opened the door to my bedroom. What I saw next, made my jaw drop to the floor.

I opened the door to my bedroom and I saw Christin facing me, pulling her tank top over her head, her bare breasts within arm's reach. As I stared at her, her tank top got caught in her hair tie while the top of her shirt covered her eyes. She fumbled to get it loose giving me time to stare at her incredible body while she didn't even know I was there. She was wearing nothing but a pair of black, lacy panties and a tank top over her face with no bra. I guess a bra was too hot for her in Nairobi's sunlight. My eyes travelled from her feet, up her tanned, toned legs, to her hips and flat stomach and then stopped, fixed at her gorgeous, firm breasts. I didn't even realize that I was butt naked until she finally got her shirt over her head and stared at me, as shocked as I was.

Her eyes were fixed on mine but then they fell and landed on my cock, standing tall and proud as ever. I was so caught off guard that it didn't even register that I had a raging hard on. We were both frozen in place for what seemed like hours, my eyes locked on her face and hers fixed on my dick. She was the first to react, she grabbed her shirt to cover her chest and screamed "what the fuck Evans!?" Her tone wasn't angry, just genuinely surprised.

I snapped back to reality and ran to the bed, grabbed the towel to cover myself. I could feel her eyes gaping at my erect penis as it bounced with each step. I wrapped the towel under my waist but it did little to hide the tent that was sticking out from my crotch.

"Oh shit, sorry Christin... I just needed to grab a towel..." I answered nervously, "I thought you were still in the kitchen... Wait, what the hell are you doing in my bedroom? And why the fuck are you naked?" I demanded with a level of authority that clearly caught her off guard.

It was her turn to explain herself, "uhh... sorry but I wanted to try out the new dress I bought on my way here. Sorry, I just wanted to try out while you were... I didn't think you would ...." she trailed off, clearly embarrassed.

I softened up, "hey don't worry about it. One funnier story to tell."

I could see she was still staring at the bulge in my towel. This was the first time since I've known Christin that she was at a loss for words. In that moment, I felt that she wanted me. She could be mine and all I had to do was walk up to her and kiss her, then and there. But my courage failed me and once again, I was too chicken-shit to make a move. Instead I backed towards the bathroom door, stepped in and closed the door behind me.

Holy fuck! Did that just happen? I couldn't believe I just saw my best friend's tits.... her gorgeous, perfect tits.... I snapped back, dropped the towel and stepped into the hot shower. By now the entire room was filled with steam and I could barely see three feet in front of me.

I stepped into the stream of hot water, closed my eyes and saw Christin's sexy, naked body in my mind. My hand subconsciously drifted to my still raging hard cock and I started stroking myself up and down as I imagined what could have happened if I had taken two steps forward and taken her.

I saw my lips trailing down from her lips to her cheek... down her neck... across her shoulders...to her breasts. My hand pumped faster and faster as I imagined my lips gently kissing around her outer breast, spiraling closer and closer to her stiff nipple. I imagined her moaning under my touch and running her fingers through my hair as my tongue flicked her erect nipple.

Suddenly, I felt something warm press against my back and a hand pressing against my not so hard abs. I opened my eyes and looked down to see one hand tracing out the outline of my abs while a second hand running up and down my upper thigh.

"What the f-" I began but two fingers pushed against my lips silencing me as I heard a voice behind me, "sssshhhh it's okay baby. It's me."

I could feel Christin's hot breathe on my neck as she whispered in my ear, "you have no idea how long I've waited for this, wanting to see your cock."

My dick jumped up in my hand as she said that, while her hands continued rubbing along my lower abs and upper thighs. I could feel her chest pressed against my back, her stiff nipples poking me from behind.

She whispered again, "Mhmmm I love the touch of your soft, carved abs..." her hands made circles around my abs, inching closer and closer to my cock, teasing it beyond belief.

"...and your tight, strong legs...."

My cock was harder than it's ever been, the swollen head purple and ready to burst. I wanted her to grab my dick but more importantly, my cock wanted it.

"...but there's something else I wanna play with...."

She let out a moan as her hand finally wrapped itself around my hard, thick shaft. I gasped under the feeling of her hand on my dick. She gave my dick a squeeze and I almost came then and there. Her hand slowly ran up and down along the length of my dick.

"Mhmmmm you're so fucking hard baby... I always knew you had a nice, thick cock...." She tightened her grip and started stroking faster and faster as her left hand gently cupped my balls.

"Ohhhh fuckkk..." I let out a groan as her left hand playfully squeezed my balls and her other hand continued jacking me off.

"You like that baby?" she whispered in my ear, "You like it when I stroke your big, hard cock?"

Her nipples were hard as rocks now, almost stabbing my back while I could feel the warmth of her pussy against my ass. I let out another groan as her left hand let go of my balls and grabbed the base of my shaft, stroking the base while her right hand twisted up and down the head of my cock.

"Ohhh shit baby.... Your cock feels so fucking good in my hands...." she groaned as she jerked me off faster and faster.

"When I saw your big, hard cock bouncing in front of me... I knew I had to take it.... Then I saw you jacking off.... Your cock was so fucking hard, my pussy was getting so fucking wet...."

Drips of precum squirted out of the head of my dick as her right hand rubbed it around, coating the entire length of my rock hard shaft. She was breathing heavy and I was groaning under the pleasure of her hands. I knew I was going to cum soon and I was going to cum hard.

My legs started giving in as I leaned back against her perfect soft tits. My arms reach behind and grabbed her firm ass, partly to keep me balanced, partly because I needed to grab onto something. My hand reached under her ass and my fingers found her pussy soaking wet.

Her dripping pussy against my fingers was the last straw, I couldn't hold back much longer.

"Ohhhh fuck baby..... You're gonna make me fucking cum!" I grunted out.

My cock seemed to swell to twice its size and I felt cum rising up from my balls.

"Yeah...? You want to come all over my hands...? You want me to jack you off harder until you spray your cum all over me....?" she moaned as her left hand grabbed my balls and her right hand squeezed my cock as tight as she could.

I couldn't hold it in any longer.

"OH FUCK!!!! OH SHIT!!!!! FUUUUUCKKK!" I groaned as I exploded in the most powerful orgasm of my life and a thick rope of cum blasted out of my cock and hit the shower wall.

"OH YEAH!!! CUM FOR ME BABY!!! "She kept jerking me off as fast as she could as rope after rope of thick cum shot out of my rock hard cock, coating her entire hand and showering the wall.

"OH MY GOD! YOU"RE STILL CUMMING!!!!" she gasped in amazement as she kept pumping cum out of my engorged cock.

Finally, after what seemed like a lifetime, my orgasm subsided, I let out one final groan and fell back against her chest. Christin's cum covered hand, holding my softening dick as we both stood there, catching our breath.

I was the first to break the silence, "that was... unbelievable..." I managed to get out between heavy pants.

Christin seemed almost as exhausted as I was, "that was so fucking hot," she agreed.

"You came all over the shower wall" she said and we both laughed as I leaned back against the warmth of her body.

Finally I regained my senses, stood up, turned around and faced the woman that I loved. Without a word, I put my hands around her waist, pulled her body against mine and gave her the deepest kiss I could.

As our lips finally parted, she pulled back, looked up at me and asked, "How long have you been waiting to do that?"

I looked deep into her eyes and replied "Since the first time you smiled when we moved in this apartment. And baby, it was well worth the wait."

She smiled and chuckled, "That was so fucking cheesy," she shook her head, "but I liked it."

I smiled and pulled her in for another deep, warm kiss as our hands roamed around each other. As my hands ran along her incredible ass, my penis jumped causing Christin to beak the kiss and look down at the mess we had made.

Her hand was totally plastered in cum and my cum covered cock was pressing against her stomach, leaving a patch of cum on her lower abs that dripped down to her legs.

"I'm a total mess," she looked up with a naughty smile on her face, "I guess you're gonna have to wash me...."