 I walk up to the door of my small one bedroom apartment and tiredly open the door. Going to college full-time and having a part-time job has really been leaving me drained lately. I don't know how I've been able to do it for so long... I'm nearing the end of third year, but the final stretch is always the hardest. As soon as I can get my hands on that degree, everything will be easier...

I didn't see my boyfriend's car parked in his usual spot outside, so it doesn't surprise me when I find the apartment empty. It's a cute little apartment on the top floor of our building. The rent is a little ridiculous if you ask me, but Alex fell in love with it the minute he saw it. He even helped me decorate, so it's sort of like a little blend of both of us. I love the mornings that we seldom get to enjoy together. We sip coffee and sit at the window, watching the bustling city around us. We have our own little world in this tiny apartment. I wouldn't have it any other way. 

With a huff, I drop my book bag and kick off my shoes before walking down the hallway towards the bedroom, taking off my clothing as I do so. I drop the articles of cloth to the ground as I walk, not caring where they land. All I need right now is some good music and a nice hot shower. 

I'm naked before I reach the bathroom. The room is exactly how I left it this morning. Alex always leaves earlier than I do, so I make the bed before I head to my morning classes. I can see my reflection in the full length mirror in the corner. I watch Alex get ready in front of that mirror almost every morning. He's always so sexy in the morning... his voice is always just a little bit deeper and the way he says my name gives me shivers. 

I shake the thought from my head and head into the bathroom. 

Once the water is hot enough and my music is playing over the small shower speaker that we bought not too long ago, I hop in and let the water run down my bare back. My tensed muscles slowly begin to soothe as my mind wanders. I start to think of Alex. We have been living together for a few months now. He has a full-time job and with my schooling and work, we hardly get time to ourselves. When we do get alone time, it's usually spent either watching movies and eating popcorn on the couch or sleeping. We're always so exhausted at the end of the day... It didn't always used to be this way. We used to not be able to keep our hands off of each other. Last week we were able to have a quickie... but I miss how it was before life got so hectic. 

As my mind begins to drift to my favorite things that Alex and I have done, I can feel a deep warmth spreading between my thighs. Within no time, my eyes close and my mind takes over, my hand roaming to the most sensitive part of my body. I think of all the things Alex has done down there and rub circles into my clit. Before long, I'm rubbing my clit with one hand and bracing myself against the wall of the shower with the other. Hot water runs down my back and legs, making it so much easier to slip my fingers inside my tight pussy. I'm moaning loud now. But no matter how hard I try, I can never hit the spot that Alex can. 

The feeling of hands on my hips causes me to snap out of my daze and gasp. I spin around and see Alex, naked and wet standing behind me. I look down to see him starting to grow hard. I hadn't even heard him come in! How long has he been here?

His eyes are clouded with lust and his mouth is set into a low smirk. 

"Did I scare you?" He asks. 

I chuckle, but am unable to answer before he smashes his mouth to mine. He pushes me against the shower wall, hot water running over us. He moves down to my neck and then up to my ear. 

"I love it when you moan for me." He whispers. "God, you looked so sexy pleasuring yourself. Moaning my name." He spins me around suddenly and pushes me against the wall. His hands go to the insides of my thighs and pushes my legs apart. "I want to make you moan louder." He says, kissing my shoulder blade. I can feel him rub the tip of his hard cock against my entrance. He teases me by rubbing it against my clit, then down to the entrance, and back up to the clit again. 

"Please, Alex." I say, begging. 

"Please what, baby girl?" He groans. I can tell that he's clenching his jaw and speaking though his teeth. The water is burning my scorching skin, but I don't care. Alex runs his hand up my spine until his fingers find my hair. He grabs as much as he can and pulls, forcing my back to arch and a gasp to escape my mouth. 

"Please fuck me, Alex." I don't have to say anything else. He presses the sensitive head of his cock against my entrance and shoves himself inside. He goes in all the way on the first thrust, forcing a moan from me. He grabs my hip roughly with his free hand and thrusts hard into me, the sound of our skin slapping together coming with every thrust. I moan loudly as he begins to pound into me, pulling out almost all the way only to shove himself all the way in again. The muscles in the pit of my stomach begin to contract as he hits that special spot that only he can reach. I'm almost yelling now, saying all kinds of profanities. "Oh fuck, Alex. Oh god. Right there." I moan, gasping between almost every word. He starts thrusting harder and faster until I push myself off of the wall involuntarily and start shaking. My breathing is fast and shallow as my orgasm rips through my body. 

The contractions in my lower half bring Alex close to the edge of his pleasure almost simultaneously. He pulls himself out of me and spins me around. Instinctively, I fall to my knees in the middle of the shower floor and put my mouth around his head. I lick the slit as he runs his hand up and down the shaft roughly. He moans my name loudly, causing shivers of more pleasure to shoot down my spine. Pretty soon, warm, salty liquid shoots down the back of my throat. I swallow every drop, just like I always have. Alex drops to his knees in front of me, his hand gripping my shoulder hard as he recovers from his orgasm. He sits down and pulls me into his lap, holding me against him. The water is no longer hot, but I can barely feel it against my blazing skin. Alex kisses my forehead. We lay there until the water runs cold and we decide to get out and dry ourselves off. We aren't tired though, not like we usually are. 

He wouldn't even let me get to the dresser where we keep our pajamas. It was like the fire that we had when we first got together was ignited again and the flames were burning us alive. The only thing that helped was to feel his lips on my skin, his strong arms around me, and to hear our moans fill the apartment. 

We didn't sleep at all that night.