 This is fictional and the names are made up, although based on people that I know and personal fantasies.

I was a senior in college when this all happened. It had been a long week, full of projects and papers. I got off work at 5pm on Friday afternoon and changed into shorts and a t-shirt. A half-hour run was just what I needed before going out for the evening.


It was just a typical run on a cool spring evening. By the time I got home I had completely forgotten the worries of my week. I decided to check my e-mail before getting ready for the night. The standard junk mail from credit card companies and virus protection programs seemed like all I had, until I spotted one with a real name on it. Clicking on the e-mail from JoAnn Jackson titled “weekend.” It appeared that my friend would be in town for the weekend and wanted to hang out. We had gone through school together since the fourth grade and she had even been at the university with me until she graduated early two quarters ago. Excellent, I thought, and grabbed a change of clothes and headed into the bathroom.

Showering after a workout has always been one of the great pleasures in life for me. Getting clean after sweating is very refreshing. And something about working out makes every part of life clear and potent. Because of this it became a habit of mine to jerk off in the shower after exercising. Today was going to be no exception. I started thinking about the girl in my accounting class who sat in front of me. I could always see down her pants and look at her panties. I washed my red hair while this thought started to get me hard. By the time I finished my hair I couldn’t wait to grab my dick. I started to soap it up when there was a knock at the bathroom door.

“What?” I yelled, thinking it was my roommate.

The door swung open and shut again before I heard a female voice say, “Hi honey, how’s it going?”

“JoAnn!” I shouted. “How’s it going?” I was not embarrassed that she was in the bathroom with me. We had been friends for so long that this had happened several times.

“Good,” she replied, “what’s up with you?”

My cock, was the first thing that popped into my mind. Turning to rinse the soap off of it and out of the bright red pubic hair surrounding it I said, “Not much, just cleaning up after my run. It’s been a while. I’m glad you came by.”

“Yeah, I’ve missed you and thought about you a lot,” she said. I thought I heard her moving around. “Would you open the curtain and look at me?” she asked.

“Sure,” I said, planning to just poke my head out so I could hide the hard-on I still had. Peering out from behind the curtain, I got the surprise of my life. JoAnn was standing there in just underwear, clothes tossed aside. The black lace cupped her D breasts seductively, and matching lace covering her pussy.

“Oh my,” I said, “What’s up hottie?” I asked. “Care to join me in here?”

“That was on my mind,” she said. Then a dream I had been harboring since high school began to come true. She reached behind herself and undid the clasp on her bra. Immediately her huge breasts bulged out, freed of their constraints. My hard-on was not going to go away now. She took the bra completely off, and her beautiful pink nipples were already hard. Slipping her thumbs into the waistband of her black, lacey panties, and bent over. Her breasts swung down as she pulled the panties down to her ankles. She straightened back up and I could see her completely shorn pussy. She stepped out of the panties, pulled aside the shower curtain, and climbed into the shower with me.

“Somebody’s excited,” she said, looking at my raging hard-on.

“Can you blame me?” I replied.

“Not at all,” she said. As if reading my last five years of dreams, she dropped to her knees and wrapped her delicate fingers with purple nail polish around the base of my cock. Then her tongue snaked out from between her lips and started licking the slit of my head, which had already been dripping with precum.

“Delicious,” she said. “I want your cum.” With that her lips surrounded my cock and began to travel back and forth on the shaft. I could feel my balls start to tighten as she worked the head with her tongue and massaged my balls with her left hand.

“I’m gonna cum!” I said. She just looked at me and squeezed my balls, which I took as a sign to keep going. I put my hand on the back of her head and pulled her in so that my cock touched the back of her throat. I moaned and shot my jizz down her throat. She managed to swallow most of it, but I found what was left in her mouth when she stood up, grabbed my head, and gave me a very deep kiss.

Without a word she wrapped her hand around my cock and started stroking it. As soon as it was hard again she guided it into her pussy. It was burning hot around my cock. Her velvety inside was so soft that I almost came again right then.

“I’ve wanted you for a very long time,” I said.

“Then why didn’t you make a move?” she asked.

“I show you a move,” I said and thrust deep inside of her, making her gasp. I pinned her against the wall and kissed her deeply as I pumped wildly. She let out a small moan with each of my thrusts. Slowly they got louder and her pussy became more and more slippery. With a scream her pussy tightened around my cock and squeezed me to another orgasm.

“Oh, god, that was wonderful,” I said.

“I enjoyed it too, but I’m in town for two more days,” she said with a wink. I just chuckled and gave her a kiss.

“Let’s clean up,” I said, and we cleaned each other off with washcloths. We got out and dried off, enjoying each others’ naked bodies one more time.

As we got dressed again, I said, “How ‘bout dinner?”

“Sounds great,” she said. Then added with a wink, “Let’s have a sleepover, too.”