 "Are you ready for your photo session?" He asked.

"As ready as I will ever be, I guess." She blushed and smiled nervously.

This was their first photo session, and although they had known each other for years, this was new territory. It was to be a shower scene; he would be a fly on the wall, catching her from all the right angles. The camera was ready, the soft morning light filtered into the high bathroom window just right. She looked up through her lashes at him, smiled shyly again.

"Okay." She whispered. She lowered her plush bathrobe from her shoulders, her eyes cut to the side as she undid the belt.

"Come on," He teased, "You aren't even naked under there!" She laughed and tossed her robe at him, revealing small white cotton panties and a tight tank top sleeping shirt on her slim athletic body. They smiled at each other, but there was no denying that the tension was already very real.

For the first shots he had her go on her tip toes, lean her thighs on the vanity, and lean her body as if she was looking in the mirror. He took profile shots, admiring the way her lips puckered to the mirror, the smoothness of her belly and the prominence of her nipples as they pushed through the small shirt. He made sure that the camera caught it all.

"Beautiful! That is perfect!" he encouraged her, as he changed angles, capturing the details. He got down to his knees. The light made a perfect contrast across her panty covered ass. In his mind's eye, he saw some of these as classic black and white beauty shots. He thought about how firm and crisp her ass looked, like an apple that was begging to be bitten into. His mouth watered. He swallowed hard, and noticed her looking at him in the mirror. Was his face revealing too much? He wondered. Just to make sure he did not show any more expressions he got down even lower, shooting her legs from an upward angle.

"There is a beautiful line here!" he explained. "It is just at the bottom of your ass cheek. It goes all the way to your inner thigh!" He took several shots, looking up her legs. Some, he was noticing, were not artistic at all, they were purely erotic. He took close up shots of her panty clad crotch. He wondered if the camera would pick up the barely perceivable cleft there. He zoomed in, and wondered if the light had tricked him, was that a spot of dampness? He was brought out of his reverie when he noticed her legs shaking! She had been on tip toes for quite a while!

"I'm sorry!" he blurted. "You can rest now!" She dropped to the flats of her feet in an instant, letting out her breath. He had been so close that her calf brushed his cheek. He was struck by the smoothness of her skin, but he tried to compose himself quickly as he stood up. Pull yourself together, he thought, this is just the first pose!

Next he had her lean back against the wall, her hips thrust forward. Her hip bones just showed in the morning light. He had her pull the front of her panties forward and direct her gaze down into them.

"As if you are wondering if you need to trim your bikini line today." He explained. 

"No one actually decides it this way," she told him, as she held the pose anyway, "the actual position is not nearly this graceful!"

"Never mind!" he told her. "Guys want to imagine it is like this anyway!" She smirked, still obediently looking into her panties. The picture perfectly captured the expression; she looked as if she was considering shaving completely, to drive her man wild. That is a keeper, he thought!

He took some obligatory shots of her leaning into the tub, turning on the faucet, adjusting the temperature of the water. He even got one from between her legs just as a crystal near the window shone sunlight directly on her pantied pussy.

"I am starting to believe that the sun really does shine out of there" he quipped to hide his nervousness. He knew the shot was cliché, but he thought it was beautiful regardless. She bent her knee coyly and jarred his camera with her pointed toes.

"Shut up and take the pictures." She teased him.

"Okay," he said as he stood up. "Are you sure you are ready for this?" Her lips parted for just a moment before she said,

"Sure I am sure, you big lunk!"

"Alright, close your eyes, lean your body back, cross your arms over your chest and start to raise your shirt. Slowly!" he directed. She only hesitated a moment before moving. He took shot after shot, the camera making the only sound as her abdomen was revealed an inch at a time. He felt very clever, with her eyes closed, she would not see the longing expression on his silly, slack jawed face as she slowly exposed herself to him. What he didn't know was that her eyelids were only barely cracked, and she saw everything. As the hem of her shirt passed her small breasts her eyes closed for real. Would he still think she was beautiful she wondered? A barely audible groan answered her question. 

They are perfect, he thought, just perfect. He had her stop, with the shirt covering her eyes, so he could take several shots, he claimed. Her arms were above her shoulders, her head leaned back. Her breasts were in full prominence, perfectly displayed. He realized just in time that he was moving forward to lick her nipple! He recoiled! If she knew how aroused he was, this would all be over, she would throw him out, and their friendship would be ruined!

Little did he realize that she sensed his nearness, even if she couldn't say how.

"Okay," he stammered only slightly, "you can toss the shirt anywhere. Are you ready to do the bottoms?" She disguised her smile by turning on her toes, and grasping the white panties with both hands. She didn't wait for instructions; she lowered them slowly but inexorably, over her ass cheeks, bending deeply at the waist. She blushed momentarily, feeling like a stripper, but she was determined to get the best reaction from this boy.

He took picture after picture as the white cloth slid lower and lower. His eyes nearly popped from his head as his suspicions were confirmed... Her pussy was wet! There was the barest strand of moisture between the cotton and her pussy for a fraction of a second. He prayed that the camera had caught it. Secretly he vowed that if it had, no one but himself would ever see that picture!

Feeling slightly embarrassed, she quickly moved under the hot water streaming from the shower head. To clear her thoughts, she focused on the water as she leaned her hair under the spray. He did not miss a moment of it. He knew he no longer had to try to make art, art was happening right in front of him. This was what countless photographers had tried to create, what they had tried to make their audiences believe. He knew he was right in front of it, seeing it for real, maybe for the first time in his life. The honor was not lost on him as he stepped into the shower behind her. He didn't care in the least that his clothes were getting wet; capturing the moment was all that mattered!

He didn't need to say a word anymore; she knew exactly what to do as she lathered herself with the soap. It was as perfect as a dance, he thought, as she built up thick foam in her hair. The boy and his camera only tried to keep up, his heartbeat pounding in his ears, his clothing soaked. She ran the soap over her ass, a bubble stood out with the light gleaming off of it. She slid her fingers between her thighs, luxuriating in the smoothness of her own skin. As her fingers teased her opening she had no more fear.

She whirled in the shower, grabbed him by the collar and pulled him close.

"No more pictures!" she grated, "take these off!" her sweeping eyes indicated his sopping wet clothes.

"B-but!" he stammered.

"NOW!" she insisted, knocking the camera from his hands onto the robe on the floor.

She helped pull his clothes from him, and they faced each other, naked together for the first time in their long friendship. His cock was nearly straight up, pulsing in time with the rapid beating of his heart.

"I---"he started to say. Her eyes warned him to shut up! She reached up and kissed him fiercely, biting his lip. The kiss lasted a long time. When she finally broke it off, he tried again:

"I---"he began.

"Shhh!"She admonished. She put gentle pressure on his shoulders, he understood immediately, and sank to his knees under the spray. Her foot wandered to the edge of the tub while her hand snaked to the back of his head. She pulled him firmly to her pussy, his tongue darted out immediately!

He had been dying for this! They both had! Long before they agreed to this photo shoot the tension had been there. They had both worried so much about their friendship, and had tried to restrain themselves. As his tongue snaked across her lips he was in heaven! Her taste drove all doubt from his mind! All he wanted was to pleasure this woman! His nose pressed firmly against her clit as her hand pressed more and more insistently on the back of his head. Her hips bucked back and forth, and he was in heaven.

It did not last nearly long enough for him, before he felt her pulling him back up again. He tried to fight his way back down, to worship her further, but she was insistent. When he finally conceded, and stood up, she looked him in the eye, her eyes searching his. She found what she was looking for, and pulled his lips to hers once more. They kissed over and over. She was amused by her taste on his lips.

She let go of his jaw, and snaked her hands down their soapy bodies to his cock, which had been pressed between them for some time. Her one hand encircled his penis, near the tip, tugging in short quick succession. Her other hand slid under and around his balls, lifting and grasping gently, but insistently. She knew she had it just right by the way he moaned into their kiss, his eyes scrunched tightly shut.

She felt his hand come sliding between them, between her legs. He rubbed back and forth, sawing against her clit once, twice, before his long, clever, artist's fingers were inside of her! They pushed deep before they curled, tickling her most sensitive spot! Her eyes popped open as lights danced across her vision! She took several seconds to realize that she had bitten his lip, hard, and could taste his blood. She quickly let go, and waited until his eyes opened again. She searched them once more.

Finally, she spun her back to him, and pressed her hips backwards into his. Her chest and face was pressed against the shower wall, and she was grateful that the hot water was holding out. She offered herself to him.

He understood right away. There would be no more distance between them! He slid his cock to her entrance, and pressed the tip just inside. Her hands were on the wall in front of him. He placed his hands just above hers, their fingers squeezed together just before he thrust deep inside of her! For the first time since the shoot began the noise was not suppressed! They both cried out! They were not just friends! They never would be again.

They were lovers.

He leaned against her back; their fingers knotted together, their breathing hoarse and fast! He pushed into her, she thrust back at him. She could feel his breath; his cheek was pressed against her ear. He could feel her tighten around him; she could feel his tip bottoming out deep inside her. She cried out and felt herself clamp down! 

He began to howl! He pushed into her as deeply as he could! She felt his cock pulse over and over, adding heat to her already molten pussy. He bucked, and howled, it even sounded like he was crying at one point. He eventually collapsed against her, just as the water started to cool.

He whimpered into her ear as she turned the water off, his cock still deep inside her.

"Baby, you ain't seen nothin' yet!" she promised...