 I was surprised when she pulled off her full-face helmet and I could see her beautiful green eyes. That's the thing about riding snowmobiles, you really don't know who you're riding with until you can see their face. The whole point of the gear is to keep every inch of skin covered from the cold. When she pulled the balaclava from her head and long, blonde hair spilled everywhere around her jacket, you could have knocked me over with a snowball.

"Hello, I'm Marcus. And this is my daughter Katrina" I shook his hand, introduced myself as Randy and nodded at Katrina.

Everyone was eating burgers and talking about the days since the last group ride when she stood up. I watched her walk outside so I picked up my beer and followed her. She reached into a front pocket of her snow bib and pulled out a pack of Marlboro's and a lighter. I watched as she put the cigarette to to her lips with long fingers. Bending away from the light breeze blowing up the mountain, she lit the cigarette and inhaled. Smoke blew from her lips before I walked up beside her.

"Those things are dangerous, you know?" I spoke as I pointed to her cigarette with the hand holding my beer. I've never smoked and rarely been attracted to a woman who did, but Katrina was different. I had been impressed by her riding on the way to lunch and to watch her just now, I had found it a very sexy act.

"Really? I think I read that somewhere myself," she smiled as she said it. Her eyes looked at the ashes on the tip before she brought it to her lips and inhaled once again. She turned her head slightly before exhaling. I watched the smoke drift into the woods. "Of course, drinking and driving isn't the safest act."

I smiled as I studied her face. Her high cheekbones and wind-burned pale skin made her very easy on my eyes. "I only smoke two or three times a day. It somehow brings me a moment of peace. I use a lot of energy when I ride and this calms me a bit." We mostly stood in silence as I finished my beer and Katrina her cigarette.

"Hey you two, we're getting ready to ride," it was Marcus giving us notice.

"Why don't you hang back and ride with me and my dad on the way home?" On these rides, there are always three or four that bring up the rear. The stated intention is to help out anyone who has troubles, but mostly it's so they can play in the snow off-trail without messing up the more casual riders.

#

Katrina had dropped hints at the end of the ride, but nothing specific. I helped her dad tie down their sleds to the trailer but he had been a bit tight-lipped as well. It was like an unspoken bond between the two of them. She had mentioned Big Sky and working at her dad's bar but that was about it. I had asked for her cell but she smiled and told me if she wanted the number, I'd have to track her down. I thanked them both for the great ride as they drove off North.

It had taken me about three weeks to check the Half Moon Saloon and Grill on Highway 191, a few miles South of Big Sky. I had started in town - it's really a ski resort area - but had not had any real success. I only went on Friday and Saturday nights figuring they'd be the busiest and best chance of her working. Finally I pulled into the Half Moon around ten o'clock and found quite a few cars. The bar was a bit loud but I took a seat overlooking the frozen river. It had a pretty good view of the place. A cute little waitress took my beer order and said "Oh yeah, Kristina's behind the bar," when I asked if she knew her.

I drank my Moose Drool and watched her work. It was a long bar with men and women spread across the length. Some were skiers, some snowmobilers and others were obviously locals. When the waitress asked me if I was ready for a second, I told her yes and asked her to mention my name to Katrina. I watched as she spoke to Katrina while ordering my beer. Katrina really didn't look my way and I could feel myself sinking into the seat. All these bars for nothing I thought.

"So Randy, you finally decided to look me up." Katrina handed me the beer with a smile.

"Damn! This is probably the 12th bar I've been in the last three weeks looking. You didn't exactly make it easy." I took a drink from the bottle.

"Easy's no fun. Every man needs a challenge! I need a smoke. Why don't you bring that bottle out back and we can talk. It's a little quieter out there."

I followed her outside into the cold Montana night air. She leaned against the building and lit her cigarette. We had a nearly full moon shining on us. I pulled on my beer and made a bit of small talk with her. With looks like Katrina, being hit on is nothing new. She let me kiss her in the moonlight. It was nothing earth-stopping, but it let her know I was interested. I took it as a sign she too was interested before we walked back in the bar.

"See that perky little blonde over there," pointing towards the end of the bar. "Well she's visiting from Wisconsin and she's been saying the nicest things to me for the past couple hours. She's staying at one of the best lodges in Big Sky and she just gave me her room key."

I looked again towards the bar and Wisconsin was definitely an attractive woman. Probably in her early 30's and had the appearance of being quite successful. I was mildly surprised that Katrina was so open with me about her sexuality. After all, it seemed like we have a little chemistry but she really doesn't know me either.

"I'll tell you what Randy," she pulled a pen from her pocket and scribbled on a napkin, "call me on Monday and I'll let you buy me dinner." She walked back behind the bar and down to the end where Wisconsin sat.

#

We met for dinner Monday and again on Friday. I was disappointed when I couldn't get in her pants after either date. The fact definitely surprised me after seeing her in the bar the previous week. I found her incredibly playful and sexy. I was beginning to see a wild side to her when she asked me about upping the stakes. We had been kidding each other about who was the better rider. Honestly, I knew it was her but I wasn't going to give her the satisfaction. So she offered me a bet. She would pick a location and if I could find it and get there in thirty minutes, her body was all mine. "And if I don't make it?"

"Well, we'll know you're not as good a rider as me!" We set it up for Saturday afternoon. She told me to meet a friend of hers at a spot off the highway. I'd get a map and I was on my own. If I made it on time, she'd be waiting. If not, I'd be all alone on the mountain and she'd be looking for a better rider. 

I came flying around the corner on my snowmobile doing 50+ and squeezed the brake. The sled and loose snow went flying down the hillside but there was the cabin and Katrina's machine. I wasn't late and damned near killed myself getting there when I did. I pulled off my helmet and gloves as I hustled to the front door. It was unlocked so I went right inside.

Self-tied, Katrina was standing nude and spread-eagle in the living room about ten feet from a roaring fireplace. She made quite the stunning addition to the typical mountain cabin motif. Well, she was nude except for her snowmobile boots that extended to just below her knees. Looking at them and grinning, "My feet get cold, ok?"

I just stood and stared for a moment in all my snowmobile gear until the heat of the room ... and her body ... motivated me to start stripping down. I noticed a bluetooth blinking in her ear. "Are you expecting a call?"

"Well if you didn't find me, I figured I'd call another fella to come and fuck me." Honestly, I wasn't sure how serious she was but I know her well enough to know there was something to her comment. Katrina does like to fuck.

By now, I was down to a long-sleeved shirt and my skivvies. I walked around her body without touching. The warmth of the cabin was almost too much to be so close to the source. Standing in front of her, I pressed my cold lips to her warm ones and she kissed back. "Why don't you turn off my bluetooth, Randy ... we wouldn't want me accidentally calling Daddy while you're fucking his little girl."

I removed the bluetooth from behind her ear and stripped off the rest of my clothes. I pressed my nude body to hers and kissed hers. Her skin was very warm to the touch. She pressed her lips hard back against mine. I reached around and squeezed her asscheeks as I pulled her close to me. We lingered for moments before I let go. Bending my neck, I kissed her breasts. I suckled her nipples. My left hand lightly moved around the skin of her lower back. I felt her nipples stiffen from my touch.

I started kissing down her body, my tongue never leaving her skin. I toyed with her navel, my tongue flicking around and in it. Katrina's body swayed slightly as I moved lower and lower. Finally to my knees, my fingers lightly stroked her legs. I could feel her muscles tighten in her calves and thighs. I kissed the skin on either side of swelling pussy lips. I kissed her pubes as my fingers stroked her inner thighs. Even with the heat of the fireplace, I could see goosebumps on her skin. When I finally slipped my tongue between her pussy lips, Katrina moaned loudly. My tongue flicked and licked before I moved up to flick her prominent clit.

I spent minutes with my face buried in her moist pussy. Katrina tried to push her pussy into me but the ropes held her in place. My tongue flattened over her clit, I stroked from side to side. Katrina's moaning intensified and her breathing got shallower. When I slipped two fingers into her pussy, she cried out "I'm cumming Randy. Fuck I'm cumming!" I used my fingers to fuck in and out before I could take no more myself. I stood up in front of her.

I grabbed my cock, pressed it to her lips and thrust upwards. I reached around and grabbed her ass once again. My cock was solid as I thrust in and out. I pushed my lips to hers and she met me with the same passion. Being three inches taller, it allowed me to bury my cock deeply in her wet pussy. Each thrust was met by the feeling of her hips to my mine. And then I pulled my cock free of her pussy. "Fuck Randy. What are you doing ... Fuck me!"

I walked around behind her, "I AM." I spread her asscheeks and pressed the tip of my cock to her rim. My cock covered in her cum. I grabbed her hips and thrust my cock upwards. Katrina hung her head when she felt me opening her asshole with my cock. I thrust deeper and deeper. With one hand, I squeezed her tit. With the other hand, I started frigging her clit. My cock sliding in and out of her tight asshole. Whispering in her ear, "You are so fucking sexy Katrina. All tied up and waiting for me to fuck you. And here I am!"

My cock slid in and out of her succulent asshole. My fingers rubbing back and forth across her clit. "Oh shit, oh shit ... I'm gonna cum." I felt her pussy collapse around my fingers as my cock slid in and out. I knew I was close as I rammed upwards in her. And finally my cock shot deep inside her tight asshole. I thrust upwards, burying my cock and held on to her. My cock spurted again inside her. And then I leaned against her. Feeling spent, she released the bind holding her right hand. She wrapped it around my neck and turned her head to kiss me. "Help untie me and let's get a drink. And then we can start over."

We ended up riding home in the dark after a long afternoon of sucking and fucking. And the scariest thing? Keeping up with her on the winding mountain rides as we rode like two crazy people!

#

"Just watch. I swear it's her." Mike pushed the play button on his PC.

"I don't want to watch porn with you!' And then the video started. Within the first minute, Katrina appeared on the screen and Randy was mesmerized.

Elbows and wrists bound behind her and legs bound tightly together above the knees and the ankles, Katrina was pulled from the cage by a tall, athletic brunette. A large red ball-gag was secured between her jaws. Katrina was wearing a tight camisole that was stretched by her large, firm breasts and a pair of cotton panties. She was twisted so her knees were underneath her and her face was pressed into the carpet. The blonde, for whom Katrina was the 'present', stood behind her with a flogger. She flipped it forward repeatedly, hitting Katrina's upturned ass, exposed thighs and the bottom of her feet. Katrina screamed into the gag every time her flesh was struck. It continued until her cheeks and feet were a rosy red.

The brunette hoisted Katrina to her knees in front of her. Bending, she roughly pulled the camisole down under her tits to frame them for the girls abuse. She slapped the tits with her right hand then her left until the nipples were hard. "I think she's ready now. Shall we begin?" Shiny steel clamps were snapped onto each nipple and Katrina shook each time they bit into her tender flesh. The blonde got on the couch and Katrina was maneuvered between her legs. Katrina's face was pressed to her pussy and told to lick. The brunette began flogging her asscheeks as Katrina lapped the blonde. And then the blonde turned over and Katrina's face was pushed between her cheeks. "Stick out your tongue" and then the brunette roughly used Katrina's tongue to ass fuck the blonde.

"Oh God No. Please Mistress, no more." But the girls just laughed as they continued to torment Katrina's pussy and ass. Her ankles were bound, three feet apart, to a thick wooden rod. So not only was she totally exposed to them, but the weight of the rod pushed her thigh and calf muscles to the extreme. The brunette plunged the thick strap-on dildo in and out of her stretched asshole. The blonde used a 'Magic Wand' vibrator on her clitoris and pussy, holding it firmly even as Katrina's body shook uncontrollably. Orgasm after orgasm rocked her bound and abused body. When they were tired of hearing her cries, the blonde straddled Katrina and pressed her pussy firmly down over her mouth and nose. Katrina gulped for air as her tongue lapped at the smooth, wet pussy over her.

Finally, sixty-five minutes after pushing play, the video was over. "Shit Mike. That really is Katrina." Randy was practically shaking from what he just watched.

"I told you it was her. I knew she was familiar when you showed me her picture." Both guys were hard as steel after watching the video. "It says it was made 3 years ago. That is one crazy chick you're seeing!" Mike has collected quite the extensive porn collection over the years. And with the advent of the internet and cheap storage space, it has mushroomed. When he first saw Katrina's picture, he told Randy he knew her from somewhere and it had taken him a couple weeks to find the video. It was one he used to watch quite a bit so her face had stuck in his mind ... and his dick.

#

"Yeah Randy, that was me. Did you like it?" Katrina asked him while grinning as she already knew the answer. What guy wouldn't like it - at least what guy who enjoyed fucking her wouldn't enjoy it. She lit a cigarette and exhaled the smoke skyward. She had only run across a couple other guys who had seen one of the three videos she had made while living in the Bay Area.

Randy stammered, even though he had brought up the subject, but told her he found it very 'stimulating'. Katrina laughed at his choice of words. "I told you I'd gone to San Francisco for school but got bored. A friend told me about this place making high quality videos and i thought it would be fun. It was." She took another long drag on her cigarette as she fiddled with her nails. She was surprised she felt a bit nervous, she had never felt that way before in talking about her past.

Finally Randy smiled, "Well Mike sure wants to meet you now." They both laughed as it seemed the moment had passed for both of them.

#

Montana Winter finally turned to late Spring and Katrina suggested a 4x4 drive into the mountains. Of course, she was going to do the driving. Katrina picked me up in her jacked-up Wrangler and they headed into the forest. The road was bumpy as hell but the girl could drive. She did very little braking and missed most of the big rocks and deep holes. Ninety minutes into the woods, she pulled over the Jeep. Reaching behind her, she pulled out two cold cans of beer. We were parked along a stream so we walked while we drank.

A little after noon, Katrina climbed one last ridge and we were on top of the mountain. Pine trees all around but nothing really obscuring the magnificent view of the mountains all around us. Our tire tracks were the only fresh ones we'd seen for some time, except for the deer and elk. She pulled out a blanket and a small picnic basket, telling me to grab the cooler. I was a bit surprised she'd packed a lunch. Sandwiches, pie and cold beer.

We packed our trash and lay back on the blanket as the Spring sun warmed our bodies. "You ever fuck at 9,000 feet?" Katrina asked as she pulled her t-shirt over her head. I really didn't think I ever had, but I was pretty sure that was about to change. She unhooked her bra and crawled on top of me, spreading her legs over around my hips. I looked up at her and grinned, my hands moving around her waist. "You'd better tell me these are the best fucking peaks you've ever seen or I might just leave you up here all alone!"

Katrina bent over and pressed her lips hard to mine. I returned the kiss with my tongue slipping past her lips. I could feel her tits grinding into my chest. Katrina moved down my body and unbuttoned my jeans. Grabbing them, she pulled them down over my hips exposing my semi-erect cock to nature. Katrina lowered her lips to my cock and began to slide over my stiff skin. Her mouth was warm and wet and I felt myself getting hard immediately as I watched her. She was bobbing her head up and down in fast fashion. I could feel her nose in my pubes when she had me buried between her sexy lips.

When she had me as hard as she needed me, Katrina stood up and looked downward at me. Her tits swung as she bent over to unlace a boot. And then she pulled down her jeans and thong. I watched as she stuck two fingers into her mouth and sucked on them. And then she moved them down and began rubbing her clitoris while standing nude for nature at 9,000 feet above sea level. What an amazing woman I thought to myself before she lowered her wet pussy onto my erect cock. Her tits swung and bounced as she rode my cock. I was all smiles feeling her tight pussy slide up and down my cock. Her fingers played with her clit as she impaled herself over and over.

Her smile changed and soon felt her pussy quivering on my cock as she came while riding me. Feeling her cum, I relaxed my mind and felt my cock shooting into her pussy. Katrina continued to bounce up and down as my cock shot again inside her before she collapsed onto my chest. Our breathing heavy, we lay there for a few minutes enjoying the sounds of nature and the feel our bodies.

#

As we rounded the first curve on the way down the mountain, a grizzly bear crossed the trail not more than a hundred yards in front of us. I looked at Katrina a bit wide-eyed considering our state of undress just minutes previous. She grinned at me, "I guess he smelled the pie!"