 This is a follow-up to a previous story entitled, "My Friend's Sister and Girlfriend."

***

About a month after I hooked up with Jim's sister Tia, which was also watched by his girlfriend Gina, I found myself in the backyard of the house I lived in with Jim. I had just completed a 7 mile run and was dripping with sweat, in desperate need of a shower. After stretching for about 10 minutes I walked inside the house and noticed that Gina was over and watching TV in the family room. I struck up a small conversation with Gina and asked her where Jim was. She said he was still at work and wouldn't be home for another hour. She said once he came home though they had dinner plans with another couple down the street and would have to leave immediately, so that's why she came over ahead of time. 

I sat down on the floor to continue stretching while I talked with Gina and that's when I noticed she was watching, "Keeping Up With the Kardashians." I couldn't help but to make fun of Gina for watching such a stupid show and she admitted it was a guilty pleasure of hers that she wasn't proud of. On this particular episode the family appeared to be somewhere warm on vacation as they were all running around in bathing suits. Stupid or not, I have to admit that Kim in a bathing suit looked good and I started to think about her and her sex tape, a video I had beaten off to on numerous occasions.

As I finished up my stretching I was about to excuse myself from the room when Gina very abruptly asked, "What is that smell?" 

I knew immediately she was talking about me so I laughed, stood up, and said, "That would be me so excuse me so I can go shower."

Gina laughed and replied, "Please do, you smell like sweaty sex and ass."

Jogging up the stairs to my room, I quickly removed my shirt, shoes, and socks, leaving me in just my shorts. I then slipped on my sandals and went back downstairs because that was the only bathroom, with a shower, in the house. Before I went to the bathroom though I ran into the family room and gave Gina a big, sweaty hug. She screamed, hit me, and told me to get the fuck off of her, all while laughing. Gina had such a good sense of humor and I was so happy for my buddy Jim that he found someone like her. 

Now inside the bathroom, I took off my shorts and started the shower to let it warm up. Once it was good I stepped into the shower and began to rinse off. Grabbing the bar of soap, I began to lather myself up and as is often the case, when I got to my penis I spent an extra few seconds soaping it, which caused it to become slightly aroused. Having just seen Gina watching the Kardashians, my mind again went to Kim's sextape and my cock began to grow harder under the touch of my hand. Within moments my dick was at it's full, hard, 8 inches, so I made the executive decision to sit down in the shower and rub one out. I absolutely loved sitting in the shower, playing through a fantasy in my head, while I stroked my cock. This often led to longer showers, but I wasn't in a hurry so I just sat back and enjoyed it.

A few minutes into my session there was a loud knock on the door to which I replied, "Who is it?"

"It's me Gina, I have to use the bathroom, can I come in?"

Having not cum yet, this interruption made me a little upset and I yelled back, "Can't you go upstairs?" As the last words were coming out of my mouth I already knew the answer. The toilet upstairs was broken and didn't flush, so that wasn't an option.

Before Gina could even reply to remind me I said, "Nevermind, I forgot that one is broken. Give me a second and I will be right out." Instead of waiting though Gina opened the door and came running into the bathroom.

"Sorry, I can't wait, I really have to go," she said. I then heard her lift the toilet seat and begin to pee.

"Wow, what do you have the bladder of a 3 year old?" I said, still sitting in the shower, behind the shower curtain, with my hand still holding my engorged member.

"No, I've been holding it until I finished the episode of the Kardashians, so I've been holding it for like 30 minutes," Gina replied.

The sound of Gina peeing wasn't turning me on. However, knowing she was just on the other side of the curtain, with her pants around her ankles, her pussy exposed, and in a vulnerable state did excite me a little and I began to slowly stroke my dick. 

"Well hurry up and finish so I can get back to my shower please," I responded.

"I'm sorry I didn't know me going to the bathroom kept you from showering. By the way, are you sitting down in the shower?" Gina asked.

"Yes, I am, I like to sit here and relax under the warm water," I said.

Then Gina, sensing what was really going on with me inside the shower, straight up asked me, "Are you masturbating in there?"

I was caught, literally in the act. I probably could have lied (and should have) but I didn't think it was anything to be afraid of, so I confidently replied yes. There was a moment of silence that was probably only 3-5 seconds, but it felt like a lifetime. 

Gina then asked, "What are you thinking about in there when you are stroking yourself?"

I couldn't believe we were having this conversation but Gina's tone sounded like she really wanted to know, so I told her. "Well, seeing Kim in that bathing suit got me thinking about her sex tape so that's what I was thinking about when I started."

"When you started? What does that mean? Are you thinking of something else now?" Gina inquired.

"Yes, to be honest, now I am thinking about you, sitting on the other side of this curtain, with your neatly trimmed pussy exposed, and your pants around your ankles. And now I just had the thought of what type of panties do you have on, if you have any on to begin with," I admitted rather boldly.

"Wow!" Gina said rather quietly. "Well to answer your question, I am wearing panties. They are called cheeky panties and they are pink and I love them because they fit so nicely over my ass cheeks. Oh, and since we are being honest, I should probably let you know that I'm now completely shaved, so there isn't a single trace of hair on my pussy."

"Well, that is all good to know," I said as I started to stroke my cock a little harder inside the shower. "And in the name of honesty, I should let you know lately when I'm masturbating I sometimes think about that night you watched me fuck Tia in my room while you rubbed your pussy by the door.

"Wow!" I heard Gina say as a slight moan also escaped her mouth. "I've also thought about that night and how I wish I could have gotten a better view of your big cock as it slid in and out of Tia's mouth and pussy."

Listening to these words come from Gina's mouth I took a chance and pulled back the curtain on the shower. What I saw was Gina still sitting on the toilet, her fingers rubbing her smooth, cleanly shaven pussy, and a slight smile on her face, as our eyes met. She in turn saw me laying there in the shower, water cascading down across my six-pack abs, and my hand tightly wrapped around my 8 inch cock, stroking it slowly up and down.

With our eyes still locked onto one another, I stood up, turned off the shower and sat on the edge of the tub, dripping wet. Still stroking my cock, I was now sitting directly across from Gina, our pleasure spots mere feet away from one another. She leaned back, bringing her hips forward on the toilet and closer to me so that I could get a better view of her. I studied her fingers as they slid up and down the lips of her pussy. I watched as she would roll her finger over her clit and then slide her finger back down her lips, before inserting one, sometimes two fingers deep inside her pussy.

Up and down. In and out. Gina continued to rub herself with such an unbridled passion that her pussy began to get wetter and wetter. At one point I could see the juices of her pussy covering her fingers so Gina took them into her mouth seductively and enjoyed her own taste. 

Up and down. Up and down. I continued to stroke my dick as I sat on the edge of the tub. Not having the soap from the shower to lube my cock, my strokes were beginning to feel a little rough. To make up for it I took a small bit of saliva from my mouth and spread it over the head of my cock and resumed fucking my hand slowly. Seeing this Gina sat up and began to lean over towards my cock. For a second I thought she was going to take me into her mouth, but instead she positioned her mouth 2 inches above my cock, opened her mouth, and slowly dripped her saliva over my cock, all while she continued to rub her pussy. Now nicely lubed, I began to pick up the pace on myself when Gina then removed her fingers from her pussy and offered them to me to taste. I immediately deep throated those two fingers and slowly let her withdraw them from my mouth while I cleaned them with my tongue. The smell and taste was intoxicating and I enjoyed every second of it. Oh how I wanted to dive in between her legs and taste more, but this was my friend's girlfriend and I needed her to cross that line first. 

Still sitting on the toilet Gina finally kicked off her pants and underwear so she could spread her legs further apart. Before returning her fingers to her pussy, Gina did a quick detour and removed her shirt and bra. I had seen Gina's giant 36DD breasts a month ago when she watched me fuck Tia, but that was in the darkness of my room. Here, now, in this moment, her giant tits were on full display and I could see them clear as day. I could see how her natural tits swayed as she rubbed her pussy up and down and how her nipples had hardened and become erect under her touch. Spread fully nude in front of me I couldn't believe Gina was doing this.

Faster and faster she began to rub her pussy. Her eyes began to roll into the back of her head and her body began to lightly shake. I knew this meant she was nearing an orgasm. Faster and faster she began to rub her clit with her right hand. With the left she began to ram two fingers in and out of her pussy. I leaned forward to get a closer look and as I did I lightly blew on her pussy. This sensation sent her over the top and Gina began to scream, "FUCK! I'M CUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMING!" 

For about 10 seconds Gina road her fingers and the wave of her orgasm. I remained bent over, inches away from her pussy, as she came down from her high. I could smell the sex leaking out of her and I wanted to taste her again if she'd let me. Letting her gather her senses, I continued to stroke my cock and things were beginning to build deep within my throbbing cock. Gina read the hungry look on my face and again offered her cum soaked fingers to me, which I again devoured and bathed with my tongue. Withdrawing her fingers from my mouth, Gina then rubbed her pussy a few more times before sticking them in her own mouth. 

"I love the taste of my own cum," Gina said. "I love it so much that when I cum on Jim's cock I always put it in my mouth." 

I returned to an upright sitting position on the bath tub and continued stroking my cock. Every couple of strokes I would lift my ass up off the tub and thrust my hips at Gina, as if offering my cock to her. I was getting real close to cumming at this point and started moaning louder and louder, "oh fuck, oh fuck, I'm going to cum."

Hearing my words and understanding my body language, Gina got off the toilet and lowered herself to the floor, right beneath me. Grabbing both of her big tits she squeezed them together, began to lick her nipples, and then said, "Please cum on my titties. Shoot your hot, sticky cum all over me, please." 

That was all I could take. My right hand squeezed the head of my cock for about 3 seconds, trying to hold off the cum. But it was no use as the first two loads of cum shot out of my cock and hit Gina in the neck. Adjusting my aim the third and fourth loads landed right between her tits. The remaining jizz I jacked off and squeezed onto each of her nipples. Gina was shocked by the amount of cum that I shared with her so I told her it had probably been about a week since I had last cum. In any event, Gina lifted up her tits and began to clean the cum off with her tongue. She then took her fingers and gathered up the cum dripping from her neck and swallowed that too. 

"Mmm, mmm, just as good as last time," Gina said.

Seeing a small pool of cum begin to drip from the head on my cock, Gina leaned over and gave my dick a quick kiss. "Can't let any of that go to waste," she said winking at me. This was the first time either of us had made physical contact with the other sexually. Naturally my cock, jumped back up and hit Gina on the chin, smearing a little cum on her face. 

Gina then stood up, grabbed her clothes and walked out of the bathroom, shaking her ass and hips as she did. When she got to the door she stopped, turned around, and said, "Think of that next time you are in the shower."

I sat there on the bath tub for about 5 minutes, still holding my now softened dick, just trying to figure out what had happened. Whatever it was, I sure did enjoy it and began to wonder what would happen next. About 30 minutes later Jim came home from work to pick up Gina for their dinner date. On the way out, Jim and Gina walked into the family room to say goodbye to me. As they walked away Gina reached behind her, lifted up her skirt and revealed to me that she had no underwear on underneath. When I went to bed later that night I found her pair of pink underwear on my bed, making this the second pair of panties she had left me. Picking them up I lifted them to my nose and took in that now familiar smell of her pussy.