 He came in from doing yard work. Shirtless and in cut-offs in the 90 degree heat. His chest and back covered with sweat. He peeled off his damp shorts, kicked off his Nikes, and turned on the shower. Very hot. He was always fond of hot showers, but especially since…that time. 

The steam rolled out of the shower like wisps of fog. Like it did that one night. As he stepped into the stinging spray, he thought he saw some movement out of the corner of his eye. But he lived alone since the divorce. And if his ex had stopped by with mail, the dogs would have raised a ruckus. He pulled aside the translucent curtain…no one.

As he soaped himself down, he again thought there was someone there, in his peripheral vision. But when he turned his head, he saw no one. It almost looked like… But no, she was a thousand miles away, and married to another man.

* * * * *

Sean had traveled there on business. Trying to head off some litigation involving one of his clients. It was a remote part of Georgia, where they harvest pulpwood, and his client's log hauling truck had been in a very serious accident.

Jim's parents and his were close friends, back home. Sean had always thought Jim was kind of a jerk, growing up. But when mom found out he was going to be traveling to that remote part of the world, she told Jim's mother and it was determined "the boys" would have to get together, at least for dinner. 

When Irish-American mothers make plans for their sons, the sons have two options. Give in right away, or resist, and give in after weeks of sighs, silences, and oblique references to the subject. Having experienced it before, he surrendered early and made the necessary phone call. Jim sounded about as thrilled as he did, but obviously was under the same pressure. And as it turned out, Jim worked for a local pulp mill so this could sneak through the expense account as "marketing".

They met at a local supper club in that town at the appointed hour and time. They had not seen each other since high school. Jim had not aged well. Thinning hair, gut hanging over the belt, nose looking like a road map of blown veins. By the time Sean got there, it was obvious that Jim was at least one or two drinks up on him. 

They shook hands, and Jim introduced his wife, Laura. While Jim looked every day of his 45 years, and then some, Laura appeared at least ten years his junior. Long dark hair, sparkling green eyes in a delicate featured face, and wearing a halter-top dress that subtly showed her petite curves to their best advantage. By her soft southern accent it was apparent Jim had married a local girl. The daughter of the mill's owner, as it turned out.

Dinner turned out to be mostly a two-sided conversation, with Jim's contribution consisting of desultory remarks interrupted by frequent requests for additional drinks. Sean and Laura chatted amiably, he telling "war stories" from his work as a litigation manager, she telling amusing anecdotes about the local people that were in the dining room and the adjoining bar. It was a small "company town" where everyone knew everyone else's business. And her daddy owned the company, so she knew more than most.

Jim's silences grew longer and longer. Soon it was apparent he was dead drunk and asleep sitting up in his chair. No one besides Sean appeared to even notice. Apparently it was not polite to do so, and was a frequent enough occurrence that everyone expected it. The waitress quietly wrapped up the remains of Jim's dinner while Sean and Laura continued their conversation over coffee and after-dinner drinks. 

In a very tight and controlled voice she explained that Jim had never quite come to grips with being the boss's son-in-law. He never felt he was his own man. So he compensated with liquor. And women, when there hadn't been too much liquor. 

She felt it was her fault. If she had agreed to live elsewhere, it would have been different. But this was her home, and he had loved her too much to make her unhappy by taking her away. So like everyone else, she just looked the other way when this happened.

Sean asked how she would get him home. Jim was obviously too intoxicated to walk, let alone drive, and Laura was far too small to get him into the car. She explained that she would leave him here, and that a couple of the company security people would come by later and bring him home. She was sure the restaurant owner had already called them.

And where was Sean staying? He shrugged, and explained he wanted to be back in Atlanta early tomorrow, so he planned to just drive in that direction until he saw a likely spot to stay. She told him that was not a good idea. The closest decent hotel was hours away, the local place was a dump, and he had been drinking. The local deputies just loved seeing a rental car on these back roads that they could stop for amusement. 

Both her boys were off at college. He would stay in one of their rooms and that was final. Recognizing that tone, Sean gave in. Besides, he had seen far too many hotel rooms in his life. A nice quiet home to sleep in would be a pleasant change. And in return, he could help Laura get Jim home. 

Taking an arm over his shoulder, and with Laura propping up the other side, they managed, laughing and giggling, to get Jim poured into the back seat of her car. After closing the door, they paused, standing close together in the dimly lit parking lot. Close enough that in the still, humid air, they could feel the heat radiating from each other. He looked down at her, hazily seeing her features in the faint starlight. Her eyes shone up at him. He could smell her lilac perfume. His hand moved halfway towards hers, his head bent slightly downwards. 

And they were suddenly caught in the glare of a spotlight from a nearby car. Sean's heart froze.

"Is everything OK, Miss Laura?" called a male voice with a deep drawl.

Laura turned and smiled, without missing a beat. "Yes, Bobby. This is an old friend of Jim's. He was just helping me get Jim in the car. You boys won't be needed tonight. Thank you for coming out. Good night."

"Good night then Miss Laura. Y'all drive safe now, hear."

Sean and Laura turned towards each other again, now a respectable distance apart. 

"Jayzus" Sean said. "I thought I was going to die, for a second, there." 

Laughing, they both turned towards their cars. Laura gave him directions to the house. When they got there, they repeated the process of moving Jim, this time in reverse. Once inside, they steered Jim on to the couch in the den, knowing they'd never get him up the stairs to the master bedroom. Besides, Sean suspected she'd rather not have this snoring drunk in her bed tonight, anyway.

She showed him to his room, and the large bathroom up the hall. If he needed anything, her room was at the end of the hall, just call out. He asked if she would be kept awake if he took a shower before he went to bed, and she told him it would not be a problem, she would probably read in bed for some time anyway.

After putting away his things, he went to the bathroom and started running the shower. It was an older house, but obviously remodeled in the recent past. The tub was a huge sunken whirlpool, and the shower was spacious, with multiple shower heads and ledges to sit on along each side.

Once the water was good and hot, as evidenced by the wisps of steam coming out, he stepped in, enjoying the initial shock of the scalding water against his skin. As he stood under the stinging spray, relaxing, he thought about Laura, and what had almost happened in the parking lot. As he did, his hands slowly moved to towards his hardening cock. 

And a cool hand touched his back, stopping his heart once again as he let out a yelp.

"Dammit" he whispered to Laura, "are you people determined to kill me in this town? Does anybody here know how to clear their throat before they sneak up on you?"

Smiling softly, she held her finger to her lips. "Hush…not a word…not a sound".

She moved into the streams of water, standing with her body close, but not quite touching his. She looked up at him. Her eyes were brilliant green. They sparkled like emeralds. He thought she was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen.

He reached towards her, his fingers barely touching, running lightly along the smooth warm skin of her arms, down to her hands. Taking both of her hands in his, he gently raised them to his lips, kissing the palm of each one in turn. He then placed her hands on his shoulders, and slowly slid his hands over her wet skin, down her arms, across her shoulders, along her ribs and lower back, until they rested on her ass. He then pulled her closer, so that his hard cock pressed against her warm smooth stomach.

His intention was to kiss her gently, but the feel of her against him, coupled with the look in her eyes, overwhelmed him. With a low groan he pressed his mouth hungrily against hers, pulling her firmly against him, rubbing himself against her as he did so. She responded, giving a slightly higher pitched moan, her mouth eager against his, lips moving, tongue darting out to taste him.

Stopping for a moment, they stood, just looking into each other's eyes, breathing heavily.

Sean slowly sank to his knees, and started leaning forward to kiss her pubic mound. She put her arms out to stop him. 

"Jim…never. I mean, I never…" and she looked away, embarrassed.

Smiling, he looked up, put his finger to his lips and said, "Hush…not a word…not a sound". 

And taking her by the hips with both hands, he started to kiss her stomach, slowly trailing kisses down it, stopping to flick his tongue in her navel, then continuing downwards. He moved to kiss and lick the insides of her thighs, slightly parting them. Then his kisses trailed upwards. He softly kissed the wet curly hair between her legs, and started probing gently with his tongue. He could inhale the sweet natural perfume that came from her.

As his tongue touched her lips, she gave a small gasp, and started to tremble. He slowly eased her down to a sitting position on one of the ledges, then continued. He spread her legs wider, revealing her outer and inner lips. He softly blew on them, teasing her. She moaned, shivered, and moved her hips in response.

He used his thumbs to slightly part the lips, and ran his tongue along the now exposed inner flesh, savoring the sweet taste of the juices. As his tongue lapped higher, he felt the muscles in her thighs tighten, as if to close her legs to him. He firmly pushed them apart, and then spread the lips further to reveal her clit, already looking hard, engorged. He began flicking his tongue against it, eliciting a gasp, then a moan. As he continued, she began a chant of "oh god…oh god…OH MY GODDDDDDD" hitting a crescendo as he began to suck her clit and slide his finger inside her at the same time. Her body shook as spasm after spasm washed over her. 

And through it all the hot water was pounding down on them.

He then stood, brought her to her feet, and bent to kiss her. Her tongue eagerly probed his lips and mouth, lapping her own juices off of his tongue.

"I always wondered what that was like" she whispered as he wrapped his arms around her, holding her close.

He then slowly turned her, and motioned for her to hold one of the grab bars. Bending her slightly forward, he started slowly rubbing the head of his cock along her wet slit from behind. As he felt it become moist, he gently started to push forward. In response she pushed back with her hips, eager to have him inside her.

Holding her by the hips, and moving very slowly at first, he slid into her. She was so incredibly tight and hot. He could feel his cock stretching her as he entered. As the moisture within her increased, so did the speed and force of his thrusting. And she responded, pushing back with her hips. Both of them covered in hot water, soon the only sound they heard was wet flesh hitting wet flesh, his pelvis against her round smooth ass. Soft moans came from her and grunts from him as he fucked her as hard as he could. He could feel her inner muscles gripping and releasing as he slid in and out.

The pressure rose inside both of them, until neither could control it. They both experienced powerful orgasms, like riding over a waterfall together, the roaring from inside and the water pounding from all directions outside. He spent himself inside her, and felt her hot fluids explode in response.

For several minutes they remained like that, with him buried deep inside her, both of them experiencing tremors and small spasms…the aftershocks of a sexual explosion. Then, as he slowly withdrew from her, she gave one last shudder and moan, her legs giving way.

He caught her, and then sat on the ledge, cradling her in his arms, stroking her face, running his fingers through her long dark hair, kissing her over and over and saying her name.

As their breathing finally slowed, he stood and turned off the water. Taking two large soft towels, he used one to dry her off, and then the other he wrapped around her. After quickly drying himself off, he silently led her to his bedroom. There they lay, without saying a word, arms and legs curled around each other. And he slept until the light of day.

He awoke alone in the bed. A note was on his neatly folded clothing.

"Darling Sean:

Thank you for a wonderful night. I cannot face you in the daylight, knowing we can never touch, never kiss, never hold each other again. This was the first, and last, time I have ever strayed.

I cannot leave the mess I have created here, until I try to repair it. If I can't, I will leave it all, and start my life over. But until I do, I cannot bear to see you.

With all my love,

Laura"

He dressed and left that empty, lonely place. And went home to an equally empty and lonely place.

* * * * *

As he continued his shower, he remembered that night, as he had so many times. And as he soaped his body, he knew he could see her, a woman with long dark hair, and incredible green eyes. She came and sat on the floor outside his shower, her pale skin glimmering through the curtain. And he touched himself, thinking of her, trying to recapture that moment they spent, suspended in time and space. And he saw her, sitting on the floor, touching herself, trying to find that same place together.

After he was done showering, he opened the curtain. There was, of course, no one there. But looking down, he saw scuff marks on the carpet. As if someone had been sitting there, with her legs spread wide and heels digging in.

And there was a trace of lilac perfume in the air.