 It was the best hiring decision I'd made in a long time. Not only was she qualified, and nailed all of the interviews we put in front of her, but she was gorgeous. Beth was tall and slender with light red hair, ample tits and a firm ass. Within just a few weeks she was raising the bar for the rest of my team, and making all of my fellow managers jealous.

One of our job requirements is that we work Saturday on occasion, so it was great to see Beth among the group waiting at the office when I came in this past Saturday. Of course I'd had fantasies about "working late" with Beth, but never thought I'd get a chance to make any of the fantasies reality. But after a long Saturday, that's just what happened.

Around 6:00 I started walking through the office, making sure lights were office, etc., before heading home. As I rounded the corner to our back conference room, I heard Beth's voice.

"Fine, asshole! Ditch me tonight! Whatever, you prick!"

I peered into the conference room just as Beth hung up her phone. She looked sexy as hell in a pair of jeans and dark tee shirt. Her face was flushed from yelling into her phone, and she was breathing heavily.

"Sorry, Beth, I didn't mean to interrupt."

"Oh! Sorry, James, I didn't know you were still here. Just my asshole of a boyfriend."

"Something wrong, obviously?"

"Eh... You don't really want to hear about it, but thanks for asking."

"No, really! Vent if you want!"

"It's just...we were supposed to go downtown tonight, dinner, a movie, a night on the town, ya know? But he decided to go camping with his prick buddies instead. Bailed on me."

"Sounds totally crazy to me."

"What do you mean?"

"Well... I don't know why any guy would pick camping with friends over a night with you." Realizing the double meaning of what I just said, I blushed and stuttered again. "I mean, I'm not saying a night like, ya know... just... Oh, whatever."

Beth was grinning broadly. "No, no... Thanks for that. You're sweet." She took a few steps toward me. "Really sweet. And you're a good boss. And I don't think you get enough appreciation"

Did I hear her correctly? I thought to myself. My heart started to jackhammer. "Um... What do you mean?"

Beth was still smiling. "I think you know what I mean. You've given me this great job, you've been a great boss, and I think you deserve something in return."

Despite my cock starting to stir in my pants, I tried to take the high ground. "No no, Beth, I'm your boss. It wouldn't be right."

"What, you don't find me attractive?"

"Of course not... I think you're one of the hottest women I've laid eyes on. But I'm your boss!"

She took another two steps towards me, putting her face very close to mine. "Fuck it." she whispered before kissing me. My cock grew hard instantly as she pressed her lips hard against mine. I kissed her back, feeling her tongue starting to probe my mouth. I grabbed her by the waist and pulled her closely to me as our tongues intertwined. After several minutes of kissing her deeply, I pulled my lips from hers and moved to her neck. Beth exhaled.

"Mmm...." was all she said.

Abruptly, then, she pulled away. "No, wait... I'm supposed to be showing you appreciation, boss, not the other way around."

With that, she pushed me into a nearby chair and knelt in front of me. She undid my jeans and pulled out my rock hard cock. I gasped when her lips first made contact with it, feeling the warmth as she engulfed me with her mouth. She was an cock sucking expert, using her tongue, lips and hands up and down my entire shaft.

"God, Beth, you know what you're doing..." I sighed.

She looked up at me with her beautiful blue eyes. "I'll take good care of you, boss."

She went back down on me, flicking her tongue back and forth across the head of my cock as she grasped the base of my shaft. I felt the cum starting to boil, and so did she. Beth covered my cock with her mouth and started to bob up and down, urging me to cum. Her pace quickened as I climaxed, shooting a huge load of cum down her throat.

She and I were both breathing heavily. "Thank you for that, Beth..." I said as I stood up, zipping up my pants.

"Wait, you think we're done?" she asked, looking longingly at me. "Assuming you have life left in you, I need to be fucked. Now. Badly"

As she stood up, Beth pulled her tee shirt off, revealing her gorgeous tits, covered by a lacy black bra. Her nipples were hard and poked through the thin material.

My cock swelled again and I lowered my pants and boxers back to the floor. "Trust me, Beth, I have plenty of life left."

She then reached down and unbuttoned her jeans, pushing them past her hips and onto the floor. I continued staring as she hooked her fingers into her black lace panties and lowered them as well. I whistled as I saw the tuft of red hair above her puffy and wet pussy lips.

"You're cunt is begging to be fucked, isn't it, Beth."

She leaned against the conference room table as I moved in front of her. She exhaled as I slowly kissed my way to her inviting twat, my tongue making initial contact with her outer folds. I felt her pushing her mons against my tongue and dove in, parting her outer lips and hitting her clit. "Damn, James..." she sighed. I continued fucking her with my tongue and sucking at her clit. Knowing she was closing in on her first climax, I slid my middle finger deep inside her pussy and started licking her clit furiously. Her nails dug into my shoulder as she screamed with orgasm.

"Fuck, James... That was great..." she panted.

While she came down from her first orgasm I took the opportunity to remove her bra. Her tits popped free, her nipples as hard as pebbles. Before she had a chance to fully recover from her climax, however, I lined up my rock hard cock at the entrance to her sopping wet pussy and impaled her with it, bottoming out. Her eyes went wide feeling my cock buried in her cunt and she wrapped her legs around my back.

"Yeah, baby! Fuck me!"

I fucked her hard and fast, slamming my cock into her beautiful pussy over and over again. Before I hit the point of no return I slowed down and pulled out, resting the head of my cock just inside her pussy lips. As she sighed with pleasure I slowly slid back into her, mashing my pelvis against her clit. I slid into her again, leaned in and took one of her nipples into my mouth, using my tongue to play with it. I felt her start to shudder and decided it was time to push her to another climax. I sped up my pace again and started slamming hard into her cunt, rocking her against the conference table.

"Oooh, James... Make me cum again... Please..." she cooed.

I continued fucking her soaking wet pussy, hitting her cervix with the head of my cock, and started to feel my own cum rising up.

"I'm about to cum baby... Where do you want it?"

"Fill me up! Fill me with your cum, James!"

With that, I pushed into her hard and came, shooting load after load deep into her pussy.

My climax pushed Beth over the edge as well and she cried out with another orgasm. She arched her back, her eyes rolling back while her pussy walls spasmed around my cock.

"Oh, fuck yeah, James! That's just what I needed!" She grabbed my head and pulled me in for a deep kiss. "Thank you, boss!"

"Thank you for showing your appreciation, Beth." I said with a wink. "But you know I can't let this influence your performance rating, right?"

"Not even if I let you fuck me in the ass?" she replied with a smirk...