 I recognized her voice the moment she spoke. It was the voice that I had dreamt about for the past three years. That sweet seductive voice, that I can still perfectly remember whispering into my ear.

"Simon?" she asked.

"Kate, is that you?" I asked my heart racing as I pressed the receiver next to my ear.

"How have you been, Sweetheart?" she asked in a sugary tone.

"Is this really you?" I repeated the question in disbelief.

"What's wrong, Sugar, you don't remember me?" she asked mocking offense.

"Of course, of course I remember you," I said excitedly, "How could I forget?"

"Good, I've been thinking about you," she purred into the phone.

"What happened? How come you just left? Why didn't you leave your number? How did you get mine?" I fired off the questions that had been plaguing me for the past couple of years in rapid succession.

"Slow down, Honey, there will be plenty of time for those questions later. What are you doing right now? Are you free tonight?"

"Well...Yes, yes I'm free tonight."

"Good, I'm in town. Do you want to meet me at my hotel room?"

"Sure, but wait....I mean do you...." I tried to gather my thoughts.

"Room 213 at the downtown Marriot. Meet me at nine. I can't wait to see you, Simon," she said hanging up before I could say anything more.

Three years and suddenly she appears out of the blue. At least one question was answered; she was from out of town, probably just visiting every once and awhile on business. I can't say that night three years ago changed my life, but it had its effects. The couple of relationships I had since then had all been derailed by the possibility she represented, something mysterious, spontaneous, and wild.

It was already seven o'clock so I hopped in the shower and got ready. Just the thought of seeing her aroused me. I pictured her sprawled out on my bed and relieved some of the tension in the shower.

I arrived a couple of minutes early, so I grabbed a drink at the bar to calm my nerves. A jack and coke, hell even that common drink evoked thoughts of her. "What am I so excited about?" I thought to myself before heading up to her room.

She opened the door and I instantly remembered why she left such a lasting impression, she was beautiful. An angelic face with those lovely green eyes and a cascade of lush, wavy brown hair. She was wearing a terry cloth robe. 

"Hello Simon," she welcomed me with a glowing smile on her face.

"Its good to see you Kate," I was determined to play it cool, not let on how much I had thought about her the past three years.

"Do you want a drink?" she offered.

"Sure a glass of wine would be fine,"

She handed me a glass of red wine, and we stood there awkwardly for a moment, "So, how have you been? In town for business?" I finally broke the silence.

"Um.. yeah, I'm here on business," she said her voice wavering slightly, "I've been good how about you?" 

"Good, good. So what kind of business are you here for?" I continued the small talk sitting down on the edge of the bed.

"Do you really care?" she asked curtly, but with a smile on her face, "I mean we aren't here for small talk are we?" she asked rhetorically while removing the robe from her body. Underneath she had a tantalizing black lace bra and panties, with small roses embroidered into the fabric. She looked amazing, her full breast swelling out of her bra and her soft supple body calling for my touch. She gave me a smile, like she wanted to feel wicked, like she savored the look in my eyes at that moment as much as I enjoyed the view of her amazing body.

"Do you like?" she asked almost laughing at the look on my face.

"Wow," is all I could answer back my cock signaling its approval by twitching inside my pants.

She gave me a little model walk as she approached me. The cloudy memories I had of that first night failed to do her justice. She sat down on my left leg and hooked her left arm around my shoulder, propping the soft flesh of her breast in front of my face. Her perfume was intoxicating, a fresh floral scent with a hint of vanilla. 

"So you've thought about me?" she inquired enjoying the effect she was having on me.

"A couple of times," I answered back sarcastically, "What about you? Have you been thinking about me?"

"Once or twice," she teased in the same manner

"And what did you think about?"

"Mmm...this," she answered kissing me on the lips gently, "And what have you been thinking about?"

"This," I responded parting my mouth to taste her soft lower lip, maintaining the kiss until our tongues met. Her slender fingers unbuttoned my shirt and pushed it off my body. I kicked off my shoes and embraced her, pulling her down onto the bed with me.

Her mouth ran across my bare chest and stomach as I ran my fingers through her lush brown hair. Her kisses grew stronger as she explored my body. I unhooked her bra and freed her breasts. She rolled over onto her back and I returned the favor, kissing the smooth skin of her chest and sucking on her already taut nipples.

She parted her thighs so I could fit between. I could tell where she wanted me to go by the eager look on her face as I kissed my way down her stomach. I took my time, teasing her as I kissed the tender skin of her inner thighs. She was already squirming from me just being in the proximity of her sex.  I could already smell the evidence of her desire.

Slowly I removed her panties enjoying the look of anticipation on her face. Unlike our previous encounter her hair trimmed, just a neat strip of hair covering her sex. To make her wait a second longer I ventured back up to steal a kiss before creeping back down between her thighs.

She was already wet, her pussy lips parted, awaiting my touch. I languorously licked her slit, each touch of my tongue causing her body to quake. I pleasured her like a slow stroll enjoying each crevice of her warm sex. The way her body moved with each caress and the low moans they intoned kept me rock hard as I brought her to orgasm. She cried out in pleasure, like she was relieving three years of accumulated tension in that one moment.

I continued to lap between her now drenched pussy, content to hear her sing. As if awaking from a dream she shifted her body up and beckoned me to come to her. She turned around and bent over, her round rear scandalously jutting out. I entered her from behind, the first stroke sending lightening through my body. Her pussy was so warm and inviting. I slipped in and out, my cock delving deep inside of her. 

She came again, her moans now loud and unrestrained. I felt my own climax approaching so I pulled out of her, but she protested, "No, I want you to come inside of me! I want to feel you fill me." I was only too eager to comply and I released my seed inside of her, not in a thought in my head beyond the pleasure I felt.

I fell back onto the bed, drunk off the sensations still coursing through my body. Kate surprised me by taking my spent cock into her mouth and sucking the juices of her union off my cock, "Did you enjoy it?" she asked removing her mouth from my limp cock as if she was seeking affirmation.

"Yes," was all I could manage, my head still swimming. She smiled as if she hadn't been sure. She took my cock back into her mouth and hungrily sucked on it, bringing it back to life in a matter of minutes. I was shocked by her wantonness, but in a good way, a way that excited me even more.

She straddled me and sat down on my cock. She rode me while I clutched her breast, her head flinging back as another orgasm ripped through her body. I followed closely behind, the sudden tightness of her pussy walls proving too much for me.

We enjoyed each other once more that night, falling asleep only to wake up early in the morning and sharing another moment of mutual bliss. Her hunger only seemed to grow with each time. We had just finished for a second time that morning when she looked at the clock. It was already ten a.m.

"You have to go," she said bluntly a tinge of panic in her voice.

"Wait...why?" I asked confused.

"I have to leave," she said.

"Don't you want to take a shower first?" I asked trying to coax her back into the mood.

"No, I don't have time," she rolled out of the bed and put back on the robe, ignoring me as she gathered up her things.

"Wait Kate, what's the big rush?" I asked, "Do you have to catch a plane?"

She kind of looked at me for a second and then answered, "Yes, I'm sorry, but I need you to leave so I can get ready.

"How about I drive you to the airport?"

"No...I mean its sweet of you to offer, but I'll just take a cab."

"What's wrong Kate?"

"Nothing, I just have to go."

"Do you mind if I stay to take a shower?"

She thought about it for a second then answered, "I'm sorry Simon, but I really do need you to leave now," she handed me my clothes.

"Are you married?" I asked finally voicing the thought that had lingered in my head the past three years.

She took another couple of seconds to think about it then abruptly said, "Yes, I am. I'm sorry but you have to leave."

"I understand, but can I at least have you're number, hell your email address, anyway for me to keep in touch with you." I asked while putting on my pants.

"I'm afraid I can't. I have your number I'll give you a call if I come back to this city."

"But that isn't..." but she silenced me with a quick kiss and guided me to the door, pushing me out with only my pants on.

"I'm sorry," she said before shutting the door. I tried knocking but she wouldn't answer. I put on the rest of my clothes as other guest gave me funny looks in the hallway. I decided to stay there until she left, knocking on the door every five minutes to see if she would at least open it to give me more information.

But she didn't, instead after thirty minutes a security guard came and told me I had to leave the hotel. I couldn't believe she called security on me. I felt humiliated. I left the hotel and drove back to my apartment, hundreds of questions flooding my brain.

...............................

My plan was a success. After five nerve racking weeks I discovered that I was pregnant. I waited another two to tell John, after I had been to my doctor to confirm it. John was overjoyed by the news, he said that God had finally blessed me for reforming my life. That made me feel even guiltier, but the happiness I felt from finally being pregnant overcame those feelings of guilt.

We named our son Elijah. I had never seen John so happy. Our marriage was once again perfect, I felt justified in my sin. John was so ecstatic about our first son that he immediately wanted to have more. I tried to convince him that I needed at least a couple of years to recuperate and adjust to being a mother, but my arguments fell on deaf ears. 

So once again we tried to conceive. Of course nothing happened, but John was even more determined this time around, since he was confident that it would eventually happen again. It was joyless sex, I was tired from taking care of the baby and John was more intent on getting it done quickly than making it pleasurable. I started back at work six months after Elijah was born and grew even more tired. We actually began to bicker. I just wasn't willing to remain silent any longer.

I thought about Simon often during that time. That one night I experienced with him was such the opposite of each night I spent with John. I found myself looking at his file at least once a week, sometimes more. Whenever I saw that he had an appointment scheduled, I would find a way to be out of the office, just in case he recognized me. Although once or twice I told the doctor that I had to go home for a couple of hours to take care of the baby, but instead waited in the park across the street, just to get a glimpse of Simon entering the building.

After a little more than a year and a half of futile attempts with John I decided to give Simon another chance. I grabbed his number from the doctor's database and waited for an opportunity to call him.

Finally fate lined up once again. John took Elijah to visit his Aunt in Arizona for a weekend, right when I was scheduled to be ovulating. John was angry about me refusing to take Friday off of work so I could go, but I firmly stood my ground.

I knew Simon was in town since he had just been to the doctor on Wednesday for a check up so I felt confident when I made the arrangements at the hotel downtown. It felt refreshing to hear his voice on the other line when I called. I was surprised by how eager he sounded to see me. I was afraid he would have forgotten me like some cheap one nightstand.

He showed up precisely at the appointed time. The desire in his eyes revealed exactly how much he had been thinking about me. He looked good, a bit more seasoned, not so much like a kid in college like the last time.  Not to say that he looked his age, 31, which I knew from his file, he still appeared to be in his twenties. 

Last time it was my mission that fed my desire, this time the mission was the same, but I found myself physically wanting him as well. He was attractive, tall, athletic, and well groomed. He had style, he wasn't dull like John.

Plus, there was the memories of what he did too me the last time. Just the memory of that sensation made my pussy wet. I can't even count the number of times I was with John, but actually thinking about Simon.

I bought some special lingerie for him, the first pair I'd purchased since I met John. It felt exhilarating to buy it, knowing that Simon's lustful eyes would see me in them. His reaction when I took off my robe didn't disappoint. His jaw dropped, I felt sexy again.

The sex was out of this world. He definitely had the touch. Our lovemaking carried over into the morning and I made the mistake of staying too long. I was supposed to have lunch at John's parent's house at noon, but it was already ten o'clock by the time I succeeded in getting him out the door. I felt bad about being so rude, he looked totally confused. He probably thought I was crazy.

To make matters worse he tried to wait outside my door for me. I hated doing it, but I called security and had him escorted out of the hotel. Luckily he didn't cause any problems, but it was still ugly.

Megan was born nine months later. She was beautiful. John again was the happiest man alive. But I couldn't just forget this time how badly he treated me while we were trying to conceive. When I was able to have sex again, I told him that I wanted to go on birth control. He flipped out. He couldn't believe I would want to do such a thing. It took as long enough to have two children, if we didn't keep trying we would only end up with two he argued. Plus, he blamed my previous birth control use for me not being able to readily get pregnant.

I withdrew the idea, although I refused to allow him to treat me like some sort of birthing cow. I told him I wanted a normal sex life, not one predicated on my ovulation cycle. He verbally agreed, but it was clear from his actions that he was still trying to have another child.

Then it happened. One year after Megan was born I came home to find him waiting for me in the kitchen. He looked beyond angry. Evidently he was so eager to have more children that he broke down and went to the doctor. The doctor informed him that he was sterile. John couldn't believe it. He told the doctor about his two children, but the doctor explained to him that he had probably always been sterile.

John almost hit me that night. I could see it in his eyes. He yelled and yelled and yelled until his voice was gone. Finally, he declared that he was going to take a paternity test. I just sat there silently, aware that I had dug my own grave.

The test of course confirmed his suspicion.  He was not the father. He immediately kicked me and my two kids out of his house. Elijah was already three, John had loved him like no one else, yet he refused to even look at Elijah when he threw us out. 

I received the divorce papers a couple of days later. John was ready to go to war. He didn't want to give me anything. And I felt like I didn't deserve anything. 

I wasn't able to support us on my medical assistant job alone, so I started dancing a couple of nights a week. I felt horrible doing so, I had sworn off that life after I met John. But my children gave me the strength to struggle through each day. 

Carla was an enormous help. She let me and the kids stay in her apartment until we found a place of her own. She even volunteered to watch the kids when I had to work at night. 

Then John dropped the bomb on me, he was actually suing for custody of my two children. He claimed that I was unfit to be a mother. I couldn't believe it. I hired a lawyer and he assured me that it was unlikely that John would win, but there was a possibility, especially in light of my past suicide attempt and sordid past. I couldn't believe John was using that against me. It was like he took the breath right back out of me. I was desperate.

....................

Michael decided to try out marriage once again. We are kidded him about his first marriage being such a disaster, why would he want to try it again, but he was adamant in his desire. So in preparation for his second marriage we threw him a bachelor party and hired five strippers from a local strip joint.

We held it at the home I just bought. The architectural design firm I had started seven years ago was doing well. I took pride in my success especially since my first wife had criticized me for a lack of ambition. It was a spacious place, three bedrooms, plus a large living room. We decided to set up two of the bedrooms for private dances. I was a little wary about what might take place in there, but I trusted most of our friends to use their common sense, even if drunk, and not do anything stupid.

And all of us, about twenty-five guys, were pretty intoxicated by the time the girls showed up. The girls wore carnival masks as arranged. All of them looked gorgeous. I was more concerned with keeping an eye on the guys, than the actual show, but I can't lie and say I didn't watch.

The girls worked the room, playfully teasing all the guys, but giving special attention to the man of the hour. They dragged Michael onto a chair in the middle of the room, blindfolded him, and tied his hands behind his back. Each of the girls took turns teasing him, rubbing their tits in his face, nibbling on his ear, grinding their asses into his groin. He was obviously loving it, as made evident by the bulge in his pants.

After the show the girls dispersed throughout the room hopping from man to man. One of the girls looked familiar. In fact she looked like Kate. I mean I couldn't really make out her face behind the mask, but her body, and I did remember her body incredibly well, had all the curves that I constantly dreamed about. I tried to shake the thought off, especially since in the past two years I've seen Kate seemingly everywhere. I even thought I saw her working at my doctor's office.

Even if this girl wasn't Kate, she reminded me of her, and that was enough to pique my interest. I ventured over to the area she was holding court with another one of the girls, a short Asian girl with small perky breast and a nice tight ass. The girls were working the guys, groping each other while the guys enthusiastically encouraged them on.

When I joined the guys, the one I thought looked like Kate gave me a double take. She immediately walked over to another part of the room. I was intrigued so I followed. She started to dance with another girl, but when she saw that I had made my way over as well, she instantly fled again.

I caught up with her, though before she could get more than a couple of feet. "Kate?" I called out quietly, I just couldn't help myself. She spun around and shook her head, but I was close enough to see her eyes. They were definitely the soft green eyes that had haunted me for the past five years. If there was one feature I could identify anywhere, it was her eyes.
