 It was a Monday night and like every Monday night I was at the Q-Club shooting pool with Jack and Michael. It was a tradition we started in college, and despite new jobs, marriages, and divorces we kept up the tradition for the seven years after college, well at least as best we could. 

The Q-Club was a dive bar on the outskirts of town. It wasn't a place you went looking for love, or even really for sex. The women tended to be tired locals just grabbing a drink with their old man. Every once in a while a couple of naïve young coeds ventured into the place, but usually with their jockish boyfriends, and they never stayed long, they don't serve cosmos at the Q-Club.

So when she entered the place my eyes, along with everyone else's, were glued to her. She set ablaze the room. I mean she was all curves, full breast, round ass, luscious lips. She sauntered through the dimly lit room with her head held high like she owned the place. I couldn't take my eyes off of her. She had on a tight red halter top and a black micro mini skirt which fit her curves just right. Her plump breasts shook as she made her way past the pool table in her black high heels. She looked right at me flashing a come hither smile before continuing onto the bar.

I was stunned, I'm not a bad looking guy, but I'm not exactly used to girls of her caliber flashing me those kinds of looks. As she sat down at the bar, Ralph, the usually sloth-like bartender was on her like a bug to a flame.

"Simon, what'll you waiting for? Didn't you see that look she gave you?" Jack quickly said. He was the only one of us who was actually married, so he was always pushing us to hit on anything that walked into the place.

"Man, you're crazy," I answered back dismissing what he said and turning my attention back to sinking the five ball in the corner pocket. Of course I couldn't focus on the game and lost pretty quickly. Between every shot I glanced over to the bar. The barflies steadily moved in for the kill, but the lady in red dismissed each one who came within five feet of her, either with a curt word, or a cold glance. But each time I looked her way she would give me a soft glance back, fluttering her eyelashes and pursing her lips as she took a sip from her straw. She was eyeing me, there was no denying that.

After Michael sank the eight ball I asked them if they wanted anything from the bar. They both smiled when I told them, but I just shook my head at their insinuation. 

I pulled up to the bar about four stools down from her. Ralph reluctantly trudged over to me. "So, Simon what can I get you?" he asked in his characteristically unwelcoming manner, like he was doing me a favor by serving me a drink.

"Jack and Coke," nine years and I'll conversations never ventured much further than that.

"Put that on my tab," her voice shot out. Both of us were caught off guard. Ralph gave her a puzzled look, and then glanced suspiciously over to me like he thought I was trying to play a joke on him. I just returned an equally befuddled expression.

"You sure you want to waste your money on this clown?" Ralph answered only half joking.

"Just put it on my tab," she repeated dismissing him with an unfriendly look before she left her stool and came down to sit next to me.

"Thanks for the drink. I'm Simon," I started cautiously; this was a new experience for me.

"You're welcome, Simon," she said drawing out the pronunciation of my name, "I'm Kate."

"Nice to meet you Kate," I studied her face; there was something familiar there, like I had seen her before. "Do I know you, you look familiar?"

"No need to give me that line, honey. I'm the one hitting on you." she said smiling, her soft green eyes drawing me in.

"I wasn't trying....I mean I do..." but before I could explain, she casually placed her hand on my thigh and leaned over to whisper in my ear.

"I think you're hot, Simon," she seductively stated.

"Um, thank you," I absent mindedly responded. She had my head spinning. The rich aroma of her perfume, her piercing green eyes, her undeniably sex voice, everything about her seemed like a dream.

"Aren't you going to tell me that I look good too?" she asked feigning offense.

"I think you're gorgeous," I blurted out like a teen on his first date.

"I like that," she answered with another sexy smile and by moving closer to me. 

"Take a shot with me Simon?" she ordered as much as she asked waving Ralph over with her hand. He had been watching intently every since she sat next to me.

"Sure," she could have asked me to kill a man and I would have answered the same.

"Good, two shots of whisky," she told Ralph when he made his way over. I insisted that I pay and after putting up an initial protest she relented and allowed me to do so.

"To tonight," she toasted before we clinked glasses and slammed the burning liquid down our throats. She started asking questions about me. What I did for a living, where I lived, why I came to such a crappy bar. I tried to ask her about herself, but she dodged those questions, always turning the conversation back to me. I might have thought something more about it, but by my sixth beer I was beyond thinking clearly. 

All I could see were her large green eyes, and full round breasts, which were bursting out the top of her tight shirt. I knew she caught me looking, but instead of being offended by it she seemed to be trying to draw more attention to them, adjusting the hem of her shirt, fingering the small butterfly pendant on her necklace.

Jack and Michael came over to tell me they were leaving. Kate was polite, but did nothing more than acknowledge them briefly when I introduced her. As I spoke to them she turned around to face the bar. Michael gave me a slightly puzzled look, but Jack just smiled and silently mouthed some frat boy encouragement as they left.

Once she had my full attention again Kate was all smiles, like before. Actually she grew more attentive, her hands feeling my arm, rubbing my leg, her fingers even lightly glanced over my zipper. Despite trying to control myself I could feel my cock stiffen inside my jeans. 

"You do like me, don't you," she teased upon noticing the bulge in my pants. "Um...yeah, so what do you do for a living, Kate?" I asked trying to deflect attention from my lap.

"Don't be embarrassed Simon," she said ignoring my diversion. Then she again leaned over and whispered in my ear, "Don't worry Simon, I'm not a tease. I want you just as bad. I'm going to..." she paused for a second darted her tongue into my ear and said, "fuck you tonight."

I nearly came in my pants right there. I looked into her face to see if she was just joking, but she just looked intently at me and nodded her head. I could see the outline of her nipples against her top. She definitely wasn't joking.

"You think you can handle me," she challenged running her hand up her own thigh.

"Your place or mine?" I asked assertively, a single thought now running through my head.

"Come with me," she said taking my hand and heading to the bathroom. She pulled me inside the ladies room and locked the door. I wrapped my arms around her immediately and pressed her against me, my stiff cock pressing against her soft ass. I kissed the side of her neck, her sweet perfume engulfing me.

"Honey, your body is simply amazing," I exclaimed.

"Oh yeah, you like it. Then fuck me Simon."

"Right here?" I asked hesitantly, the women's bathroom was even grimier than the men's.

"Yes, baby, right here. I want you right now," she urged me on, taking my hands and lifting them onto her breasts. She pressed my hands against the soft flesh.

"How about we head over to my place, its only five minutes from here," I suggested. I was dying to be up inside her, but I also wanted to do it right, I wanted her in my bed.

"Baby, I want it now," she begged, a hint of desperation in her voice. She turned around. I started to lean over to kiss her, but instead she dropped down to her knees in front of me.

"Kate, you don't have to do that," I said, suddenly just wanting a kiss. But she didn't answer. She unzipped my pants and in a flash had my cock out of my boxers and into her mouth. It felt incredible. Overcome by the sensation I leaned back against the wall and closed my eyes as I felt her juicy lips wrapped around my cock. She was sucking so hard I started to feel the beginnings of my climax already.

But before I could progress any further she removed my cock from her mouth and stood back up holding me with her right hand, "Ready now?" she asked impatiently. She reached under her skirt and pulled down a tiny red thong.

"Come here," she ordered pulling me to the toilet and pushing me down on to the seat. Once seated she pulled my pants down and attempted to straddle me, but I placed my hands on her hips to prevent her from coming down on me.

"Hold up, Kate. What's the rush? Let's take our time," I tried to calm her down.

"What's wrong? Don't you want to fuck me, Simon," she pouted. Doubt started to enter my mind, she was acting a bit crazy.

"More than anything, but not here. My place is only a few minutes away. We can do it right. I'll make you feel better than you've ever felt before."

"You can do that here, don't make me wait," she begged a soulful plea in her eyes.

"But I don't even have any protection."

"Don't worry I'm on the pill," she said, I should have told her that's not what I was worried about, but my brain, already disabled from the liquor, was completely occupied with resisting the temptation that my sex wanted to so badly be inside.

I was about to cave, when there was a knock on the door, "What's going on in there?" boomed Ralph's scruffy voice, "You better not be trying to fuck in my bathroom."

"I guess that settles it," I said relieved that the choice was made for us. I stood up and pulled my pants back on. Kate suddenly looked panicked like she didn't know what to do. I grabbed her hand and pulled her out of the bathroom.

"Take your business somewhere else. We don't allow that stuff in this bar," insinuated Ralph, while disgustingly staring Kate up and down. I might have cared another time, but at that moment I just wanted to get Kate out of there and into my apartment, so ignoring Ralph and the handful of eyes upon us we walked out of the bar together.

Outside in the night's cool air, Kate let go of my hand and clutched her arms as if to keep herself warm. There was a worried look on her face.

"Come on Kate, there's a cab right over there," I pointed out mystified by her sudden transformation.

"I can't Simon," she said.

"What do you mean you can't? You were just about to jump me in the bathroom," I let out, instantly regretting the crudeness of my words, but the whisky and hormones rushing through me were having their effect. Kate seemed stung by the words. 

I calmed myself and softened my tone, "I'm sorry Kate, I didn't mean it that way. I just don't understand why you are so worried about coming back to my place."

"I just can't," she pleaded.

"Why not? There's nothing to worry about, Kate."

"I know, it is just...." she searched for the words, but I interrupted her before she could find them.

"Don't worry Kate, you're in good hands, I promise," I reassured her grabbing her hand and waving over the cab. I opened the door and she got in, giving me one last confused look before doing so.

I told the driver my address and placed my hand on Kate's thigh, stroking it gently. She seemed to appreciate the tender touch and leaned her body against me as we rode silently. I remembered that she hadn't put her panties back on in the bathroom, so I gradually worked my hand up and under her skirt. She looked at me with alarm, but I gave her a playful smile, which in spite of her sudden cautiousness caused her to smile as well.

Easing back into her previous mindset she slyly snuck a hand onto my crotch, stroking the outline of my steadily stiffening cock. My fingers reached the tuft of curly hair beneath her skirt and I lightly pressed a finger against her warm slit. I was so caught up in our activities I forgot that it was just a short ride. I gave the cabbie a twenty for a five dollar ride and led Kate up to my apartment.

"Do you want anything to drink?" I asked her once in side, but she just shook her head. She actually seemed quite interested in the various pictures around the room.

"Are those your brother and sister?" she asked pointing to a family portrait from when I was ten years old. 

"Yeah, Vanessa and Bobby, Bobby lives in Michigan, Vanessa just moved to Florida," I informed her, but she didn't seem to be listening.

"They have blue eyes," she said as if shocked by the revelation. 

"Yeah, my father had blue eyes. I have my mother's brown eyes," I answered, curious of why the color of my siblings' eyes would catch her attention. But at that time I was even more curious to why we weren't naked and rolling around in my bed.

She finally noticed the expression on my face, and as if snapping out of a daze, switched back on her seductive smile, "Now where were we," she asked walking towards me. I went to kiss her, but again she avoided my lips placing her mouth on my neck. But I had wanted to taste those succulent lips since she walked into the bar, so I placed my hand gently on her cheek and brought her face up to mine. 

There was a look of trepidation in her eyes, but I closed mine and kissed her sweet lips. She was stiff at first, but slowly, as if I were melting away a protective coating, she responded. First, by lightly pressing back, then by opening her mouth, her kisses grew more and more passionate until her tongue was intertwined with my own.

We left a trail of clothing as we made our way to the bedroom. She fell on to the bed before me and I took a second to drink in the image of her naked sprawled across my sheets. Her breasts were perfectly round with wide, dark nipples. She had a sexy pooch belly, just enough to make her body seem even warmer and more inviting.

I slid in between her thighs and she bucked up her hips to try and get me to immediately push inside, "I'm so ready, Simon, come inside me," she urged.

I reached into my nightstand to find a condom, but she stopped me, "I want to feel you come inside me, you don't need that," she said, her soft green eyes overwhelming any rational thought I may have had at that moment.

"Come on Simon, I want it, I want it now," she begged, the sound of her voice causing my cock to twitch.

I reached down to part her outer lips before entering her. Despite all the theatrics she actually wasn't even wet yet. "I'm ready Simon, I'll be wet once you are inside of me," she tried to explain.

But always the gentleman I wanted to make sure she was really prepped before I entered. I kissed her on the lips before sliding down her body until my head was in between her thighs.

"You don't have to do that, Simon," she said, but I ignored her. My tongue gently delved between her slit. She gasped as I licked the tender skin inside her pussy. She remained still at first, as if trying not to let her body enjoy the sensation of my tongue inside her sex, but after a minute of steady licks I started to feel the tremors of involuntary movement. Her hips started to shake, and as I delved deeper I could feel the moisture start to increase.

I stabbed my tongue deep inside her causing her breath to grow heavy. Her hands cupped her breast and her fingers tweaked her turgid nipples. She was completely into it now, her head flung back, eyes closed, tongue licking her lips as I supplied her with wave after wave of stimulation.

Feeling her body urging me on, I lightly flicked her clit with the tip of my tongue. The response was immediate and violent, her hips bucked up and a moan sprang from her mouth. I carefully swirled my tongue around her clit, maintaining a steady rhythm as her hips rose and fell with each circle.

"That feels so good," she let out spontaneously as I applied continuous pressure on her clit. Her sweet juice was starting to flow now, even my chin, rubbing against the bottom of her pussy was slick with fluid. I could tell she was coming close. Her moans grew louder and wilder, I loved hearing her lose control as I kept up the insistent onslaught on her sex.

Suddenly she sat up and pulled on my shoulders to get me to stop, "I want to come with you inside me," she simply stated, any inhibition washed away by the feeling coursing through her body.

I was just as eager to be inside of her. I rolled over onto my back and she climbed up on top of me, wasting no time in grabbing my cock and sliding herself down upon it. Her mouth formed a silent moan as she took me all the way in. It felt so good to be inside her.

Her movements were desperate as she grinded against me. I started thrusting up, piercing deep inside her until I felt her pussy walls clench tightly around my cock. She let out a powerful moan as the feeling overcame me as well and I exploded inside of her.

She lifted off of me and lied down next to me, her body slick with perspiration. We laid there silently enjoying the sounds of our heavy breaths. Woozy from the alcohol and the warm post orgasm feeling I fell asleep. 

When I awoke it was six o'clock in the morning and she was gone.

........................................

My husband saved my life when I was twenty-three. Wanting to end my life I swallowed a whole bottle of valium, but instead he breathed new life into me. 

His face was the first thing I remember seeing when I regained consciousness, that serious, but kind face. He told me everything was going to be okay and for some reason I believed him. I'll remember that moment the rest of my life.

It does now seem like a whole different lifetime, everything that happened before John rescued me. I ran away from home when I was seventeen. My mom died the year before and I never liked the way my stepfather looked at me.

When I turned eighteen I became a stripper, popping prescription pills to get me through each miserable day. I had a boyfriend who constantly told me he loved me, yet treated me like trash. He called me a whore, said that I was stupid, made me feel worse about myself than I already did. 

After him I bounced from one lousy boyfriend to another. Always thinking that I had found the one, the one who would save me, but never finding anything more than another creep trying to exploit me. Degrading me for dancing, while at the same time taking the money I earned from doing so.

John was from a whole different world, an EMT and dedicated Christian. He invited me to his church group while I was still recovering in the hospital. I told him what I was, but he said it didn't matter. He said I still had time to change and again for some reason I believed him.

I joined his group. He helped me break my addiction to pills and helped me get a job as a receptionist at the hospital so I could quit stripping. He encouraged me to go to school to become a medical assistant. I listened to everything that he said and followed his advice.

We started dating six months after the incident. I stopped wearing make up, perfume, and tight clothing. He didn't even kiss me until our fifth date, and then just for a second, a peck on the lips.

He proposed to me six months later and I said yes without any hesitation. I was happy for the first time in a long time.

Our wedding night was the first time we made love. Despite being 29 years old at the time, I think it was the first time he had ever made love. What he lacked in skill, he made up in tenderness. I may not have obtained full physical pleasure, but it was the best sex I had ever had. He wanted to have children as soon as possible. He wanted to have lots and lots of children and I felt happy just knowing that he wanted to have children with me.
