 She woke up in a more comfortable bed than the ones she is used to. Those hotel beds were always so rigid or lumpy or just plain uncomfortable. When she got up, the surroundings were vaguely familiar and far from what she remember seeing before she went to sleep last night.

The man next to her comforted her and explained that this never quite happens this way, not even in the dreams he's had about all this. Plotting how this adventure was to take place was not as effective as the actual event remaining unplanned. He learned for the next time, but was doubtful there would even be a next time. These things only happen once and they cannot be orchestrated. Upon parting ways, they agreed to keep silent about it all to avoid turmoil in their separate lives. 

In his goodbye, he grabbed her hair where it connected to her scalp. Pulling so tightly, then allowing her long silky hair to flow to the very end was a different method of offering his attention. She just breathed deep, her eyes said farewell and he left her to start her day.

She remained under those crisp new white sheets with the embroidered bumble bee design. After a brief nestling of her head in the king sized down pillows, three more hours could have gone by and she would not have minded. A few real tight stretches helped to relax and energize her at the same time. Nothing moved on her except her eyes shifting from side to side to see if anyone was around. She had to turn her head side to side and still she saw no other movement. Finally realizing where she was, she quickly got out of bed and hurried through the front door.

They had each gotten a bit disoriented inside during their shopping trip to that semi-windowless maze of a store. The home accessory department has dozens of clocks, yet none of them told an accurate story. Disillusioned by lack of daylight, they wandered into the lighting corner of the basement seeking out one of those new fangled sunlight lamps. They met when racing for the only chair and a half on display. Nearly sitting in his lap, he immediately put his arm around her and welcomed her to stay a while. She enjoyed the feel of that muscular thigh beneath her right leg, so she stayed. They introduced themselves, as would only be appropriate after a meeting like this. As comfortable as the chair was, it still remained a little cramped for two strangers getting to know one another. 

Struggling to get up without touching him in the wrong spot, he sort of pushed her at the base of her left hip. Keeping his hand in place until she had her balance, she turned and offered him a hand in rising up. Though not needed, he took the assistance. Once on his feet, he refused to let go of her hand right away. It was gentle and warm and he began to think of what it would feel like strapped around his manhood. His fantasy began. Shopping continued through the many different nooks. What they were really looking for were the crannies where they could duck away and be alone. 

Each small showroom was used for a mock soap opera scene. They began watching the cardboard television and laughed at all the same parts of the imagined comedy. She showed him parts of the hardcover romance novel and asked if they could try it some time. He nodded. She kissed him playfully on the cheek, then giggled with a sexy undertone to her voice. They got off the couch when the family with kids came along. She led him to the kitchen and pretended to serve him a cordial from a miniature decorative shot glass. His mind drifted to the next fantasy scene where he propped her on the countertop and gave her the flapjack treatment. As planned, she jumped right off the counter and into his arms. That is where their first actual kiss took place. It ended with a laugh, but it was wonderful, leading them each into a subsequent fantasy scene of their own.

The best compromise for living them out was to alternate based on the favorite rooms of the house. He went first to the bunkbeds where they could incorporate a bit of suspense and danger, hanging off the edge of the bed while he stood alongside so he could eat on his feet. When he was almost full, he wrapped his arms around her hips and ass and dragged her off the edge of the mattress and onto his shoulders. Her pussy remained in his face until he lowered her to the bottom bunk where he used a long-armed stuffed animal to tie her to the slats. She had not yet come, so he continued on his journey through her erogenous zones. Map not included, but he never strayed from the right path. It was taking a while, and she wanted him to see it through. The first sensation she had that he'd be stopping, she wrapped her legs around his shoulders. Little did she know, she'd tire of his tongue before he'd tire of eating her. 

Why they ever displayed those collapsible tunnels near the adult section made no sense, but it was convenient because she just wanted to feel like they were in a cave where she could ask that he treat her like they were cavemen. His pleasure. Though, he could not imagine why she was making her "turn" more about him. She wanted to be controlled by a tight grip on her long whip-like braid. With such a forward thinking personality, it was a relief to be controlled and told what to do. He first whipped her into submission with her own hair. While she was firmly on her knees, he entered the tunnel and dragged her in behind him. She yelped once or twice when she knelt on the metal coil holding the whole tunnel upright. When she was in, he crept up further than he allowed her. He unzipped his pants and led her by braid to capture his cock with those garnet lips. Gladly, she thought as it disappeared. He yanked on her braid so hard the closure came out and her hair was now flowing everywhere. He knew what he was feeling, that he was well behind her lips, but he could not "see" what was causing that miraculous feeling she generated.

The next stage in the evening was to visit the adults' rooms where they cared a little more about decorations and accessorizing. The king size bed awaited. They rushed to get there before his hard-on softened. She really wanted it that way so she could start all over again. Once in the area, they poked around and chose a room that represented each of their priorities in the sack. All the choices made it tough. Did they want dim lights? Pretty pictures? Colorful flowers in tall glass vases? Big fluffy comforters? They decided on the one surrounded by all the dark wood. The one with the tall posts at each corner. They agreed upon the one with the least amount of spring because it had the most mirrors. Being with him for this first endeavor, she wanted to see what he looked like perched between her legs as he licked her and sucked that sensitive hot red clit to orgasm. He wanted to see what she did to cause the miraculous sensations that bestowed upon him the very best, most explosive orgasm he had ever encountered. Even when he jerked himself off, he could not come so well, or shoot it all so far and forcefully, although distance could really not be measured since she drank it all. 

Of course, they had to pay a visit to the showers to see how much space they needed in the stall for him to lean her forward and give it to her from behind. When one proved to be a little too narrow, they shifted to the next. They seemed to try every one before returning to the third one they entered. That was the one with the shiny black reflective tiles that acted like mirrors in the shower. This is their final screwing place before resting for the night. 

They wore each other out over the course of an evening. Their next bedding selections were decided for comfort. She went for the king size bed with the bees on the covers and he went for the one with the satin sheets. He just liked the way they felt on his recovering cock. Sleep fell upon them too quickly and they were locked in for the rest of the evening.