 This story represents the fantasies I entertain myself with at night, or during slow points in my day. I hope you enjoy reading them as much as I enjoy writing them...

Being single sucks. At least, being single after years of marriage sucks. Being newly divorced, having no clue how to handle the dating scene after so many years on the sidelines, it all sucks. Having friends that think they know just the right person for you, and can't wait to set the two of you up...even worse. I went through all of those things after my wife left me for another man. The only bonus is, my wife was a highly successful attorney, and my divorce lawyer took hers to the cleaners. He was able to prove she'd been cheating for months, and found several hundred thousand dollars of community property she was hiding, in an attempt to screw me over one last time. I walked away with our house, the nice cars, and alimony in the high five-figure range every month. Not ever having to worry about work again was a wonderful thing, but it left me way too much free time to think about how being single sucks.

I decided to take six months off of everything, and just be lazy. I'd get up when I wanted, go to bed when I wanted, lie by the pool all day, and enjoy the relaxation. That worked for about a week, and then I was bored silly. Video games, reading, exercise, none of it made me feel any better, really. The only thing that kept my interest for any length of time was the Internet. More specifically, the Internet chat rooms I'd discovered. I'd get up in the morning, go online right away, and spend the entire day chatting with different people from all over the world. The rooms that brought me back the most were the ones formed for and by big girls, or BBW's.

I've always liked the looks of women with extra padding, and curves in all the right places. Spending time in the rooms with all of these beautiful women, chatting and flirting, made me feel a lot better about where my life had ended up. Even though my ex-wife had made all the mistakes, I still felt responsible for our breakup. Not enough to give back any of the money she paid every month, however. I was feeling guilty, not stupid.

I was at the point where even the chat rooms were getting boring, when I heard about a monthly gathering that many of the local ladies went to called the Butterfly Lounge. I did a little investigating, and discovered that it was a dance club, which I wasn't all that thrilled about, and that it was a dance club for plus-sized and BBW women, which I was quite excited about. I got the address, and made my plans to be there that Saturday night.

On Saturday, I drove out to the club early, just to be able to scope out the surroundings. I saw it was in a nice area, and about a block away from a nice hotel, so I checked in for the night, just so that I could drink, and not worry about driving. As I left the room to head to the club, I noticed that I wasn't the only one with that idea. Just a few doors down from mine, a beautiful BBW was closing her own door. She and I met at the elevator, and I took the opportunity to get a good look at her. She was wearing an overcoat, and had a lot of skin showing, which I was careful not to be obvious about noticing. She noticed me looking, and smiled.

"If you don't mind my asking, are you in town for the Butterfly Lounge?"

"Actually, yes, I am. What gave me away?"

"Nothing, really. I just took a chance that you might be. Planning on drinking, are you?"

"Perhaps. I just prefer to be safe than left sleeping in my car. I've done that a few times after being out partying all night, and I'm too old to do that anymore."

She laughed, and offered me her hand.

"My name is Lola, and no, I'm not a showgirl."

I laughed, getting the reference right away.

"My name is Eric, and I knew right away you weren't a showgirl. No yellow feather in your hair, but for all I know, your dress could be cut down to there..."

We laughed, and left the elevator together. We chatted about little things while we walked to the club, and she filled me in on what to expect once I got there.

"Just to give you a little bit of a head's up, expect to be checked out by a lot of the girls tonight. There's never a huge amount of men at the club, and any new guy tends to feel like a piece of meat after awhile. If you're okay with being objectified, and mentally undressed pretty much constantly, you'll be just fine."

"I have no problem with the mental undressing. After all, fair is fair. I plan on doing a lot of that tonight myself."

We laughed again, and she continued. 

"There are a few women you should look out for. There's a girl named Becky who tends to hate the fact that so many of the men who show up are looking only for a pair of big tits to wrap around their faces, that she has made it her mission to chase all of the new guys out if she can. The only men she tolerates are the ones that she thinks aren't thinking with their dicks. Personally, I agree with some of it, but it is nice to see a man look at you sometimes and see lust in his eyes. Being thought of as fat all the time gets old."

"I'll keep that in mind if I run into her. Any hints as to who to look for?"

"Becky is a blonde, and she is well over 400 lbs, always dresses to maximize her already huge boobs, so that she can catch guys drooling over her."

I laughed.

"I'll try my best not to drool."

Lola playfully punched me on the arm.

"You better not drool over her. I'm planning on at least a couple of dances with you tonight, and I don't want Becky ruining my night...again."

Before I had a chance to answer that, she took off the overcoat, and I understood why she was wearing it in the first place. Apparently, this was a theme night, and the theme was "Nightie" Night. She was wearing a sheer negligee that just covered all of her important parts, but left everything else on full display. She was a plump girl, full round breasts that looked to spill right out of the top of her outfit, a bulging belly with some hang, and an ass to die for. My cock twitched in my pants at the thought of all of these beautiful women, all dressed in lingerie. Lola gave me a quick spin, just to make sure I saw the whole outfit, and then laughed at the look on my face.

"Wow, Eric. You look like you just got whacked in the head with a stupid stick. You okay?"

"Oh...yeah. Fine. Just admiring the view. No problem."

"Good, because if you play your cards right tonight, you just might get to see more than this..."

She ran her hand over my crotch lightly as she said this, and danced off to greet friends. I stood there for a moment, shook my head, and headed to the bar for a beer. There were a few other guys at the bar, and I quickly struck up a conversation with them. We were shooting the breeze, talking sports, when one of the guys groaned.

"Shit. Here comes Becky the bitch. Swear to God, she can smell new guys a mile away. Whatever you do, do not let her catch you looking at her tits. She'll make your life a living hell if she does."

I nodded, and pretended not to notice her coming until she was right in front of me. She really was a big woman, and made no attempt to hide anything. She was wearing a white cat suit that hugged every massive curve on her, and pushed her enormous tits right up under her chin.

"So, another new guy looking to get his groove on with a fat chick."

"Nope, I think you have me confused with someone else. I'm here to dance, and make a few friends. That's all. By the way, my name is Eric. You are...?"

"Right, like no one here has warned you about me. I know all of these chumps did. I'm sure whatever tramp invited you here told you about me too..."

"I may be many things, Becky, but I really don't think I could be considered a tramp. Perhaps you might want to rephrase that last sentence?"

Lola was standing behind Becky, and looked pissed. Becky turned slowly towards Lola, and I was able to make eye contact with Lola. She had a glint in her eye that said she was going to enjoy this confrontation, quite a bit.

"I have no intention of rephrasing anything, Lola. You know damn good and well this guy is only here to get in your pants, if you're the one who brought him here. It's the typical guy bullshit. Come here, find a fat chick to fuck, and go back to his skinny wife or girlfriend. Happens way too often, and I'm sick of it."

"So, as far as you're concerned, it's your job to scare off every new guy that comes in here? I don't think so. You're on notice, Becky. Leave the guys alone, or you're banned from the Butterfly Lounge. No more games. Did you know that there were three complaints last week about you? The club owner is thinking of canceling our lease if this shit doesn't stop. So it stops. NOW."

"And who died and put you in charge, Lola? You're not on the planning committee, so you have no power here. If one of the planners tells me this, I'll consider it."

Lola handed Becky a piece of paper.

"New planning committee for this year, Becky. I'm the new president. So you're getting the facts straight from the top. No more of your bullshit. Go back to your little dyke corner and leave the guys alone, or I'm banning you from the club. Permanently."

Becky turned, and looked at me.

"You got anything to say, asshole?"

"Yeah, actually, I do. You might want to tone down on the makeup a little bit. It makes you look more like a tramp than the other women you keep calling tramps. And next time? Wear something not quite so tight. If that thing gives way, someone dies from the shrapnel explosion."

Her face got more and more red as I spoke, which was the best part. I knew she wouldn't want to be banned, so she had to take it from me. The other guys around me were laughing at her as well, which I'm sure just made it worse. She finally turned and stormed off, and Lola let out a sigh of relief.

"I was sure she was going to take a poke at someone. She doesn't take being told no very well. There's a rumor that she set her sights on one of the guys once, and pretty much raped him to get what she wanted. The poor guy never came back, not that I blame him for that."

I took a long look at Becky, who was sitting in a booth across the room, just glaring at me, and smiled.

"I'm sure she's used to throwing her weight around, as it were, but I don't intimidate easily. Actually, I don't intimidate at all, so I can't really find it in me to worry too much about her."

Lola smiled.

"I can't tell you how glad I am to hear that. There's been a real lack of new men here for a while now, and Becky is the main reason. I think you can expect to have to beat the ladies off with a stick tonight. You know, I think I'm vaguely jealous, for some reason."

"Don't be. You know where I'm sleeping. I'd think you have a major advantage over the rest of these ladies."

She gave me a sly grin, and looked me up and down, much like a cat stalking its prey.

"That's very true. I do know where you're sleeping, and if I have anything to say about it, I also know WHO you're sleeping with, assuming you get any sleep at all..."

She winked at me, groped my cock again, and danced into the crowd, laughing. I smiled, shook my head, and went back to the bar. The guys there were chatting with different women, and introductions were made. Many of the women were wearing revealing outfits, and I was in heaven, admiring all of the female flesh available to my eyes. This was exactly what I needed to break me out of my post-divorce blues.

Over the course of the evening, I did dance, sometimes with Lola, several times with other willing ladies. Each and every time, I felt Becky's eyes on me, watching me, as if to make sure that I was being a gentleman. The thought did cross my mind to do a little ass grabbing, even if it was only on Lola, but I resisted. Besides, I knew I'd almost definitely be doing more than playing grab ass with her by the end of the night. At one point, I was in the middle of a circle of big, beautiful women, all of them shaking what they had, and me just swaying to the music, enjoying the view. The only thought running through my head at this point was that I was going to be a regular here, come hell or high water.

Towards the end of the evening, the music slowed down, and I made a move to the bar. Before I could get there, Lola grabbed my hand.

"I was thinking we could do a little vertical slow dancing, before we do a lot of horizontal slow dancing, if you know what I mean?"

I grinned, and took her in my arms. We slowly moved around the dance floor, her tight in my arms, and her erect nipples poking holes in my chest. She looked up at me with those beautiful brown eyes, and I gave in to the temptation, and bent to give her a kiss. Our lips met, and while it was just a soft kiss, we both felt the heat of what would come later. The song ended much too soon, and we quietly broke apart. 

"I have some things to do as the hostess, so would you mind waiting? I'd like you to walk me back to the hotel, if you would?"

"Of course, I'll wait for you. Not a problem at all. Wouldn't want a pretty lady like you to have to walk alone at this time of night."

She smiled, and kissed me again.

"I'll see you in a few minutes, Eric."

I sat down at the bar, and exchanged idle chatter with the bartender. He asked me what happened with "the really big chick with the monster tits and bad attitude". I told him a little about it, and he laughed.

"Wow. Good thing you're a big guy. I've heard stories of her literally picking up smaller guys, and throwing them out of the club."

"From what Lola tells me, those days are over. She was warned to back off, or be banned permanently from the club. Seems Lola was the first one willing to stand up to her."

"I'm glad someone did. A lot of the guys that come here are really pretty cool, and it's a shame that chick has such a hatred towards all of them."

"Jealousy, most likely. She's afraid no one would want someone as big as she is, so she just proves her point by acting the way she does."

He nodded, and before he could say anything, a hand rested on my shoulder. I turned to find Lola standing there with another girl. She was a tall, black girl with plenty of curves. She was dressed in a white bodysuit that hugged every curve, and showed off her ample tits to great advantage.

"Eric, this is Monique. She's staying at the hotel also, so I told her she could share you tonight. For the walk back, at least."

"Pleased to meet you, Monique. I'm always delighted to have the company of two beautiful women."

She smiled, and gave me the kind of once over that almost made you feel like you were being assessed for something.

"I just bet you do, Eric. I just bet you do. Let me get my coat, and we're all set. Excuse me just a moment."

She sauntered away, and I couldn't help but admire that plump black ass as it wiggled away. Lola slapped me on the arm, and I quickly looked at her. She was grinning at me.

"I'm glad you like her, because she's sharing my hotel room tonight. Her ride left her hanging to go off with one of the guys. She lives near me, so I'll take her home in the morning. You don't mind, do you?"

"Why should I mind? I have my own room, remember?"

She laughed, and slapped my arm again. 

"Not what I meant, love. I just think I need to warn you. She's the type that doesn't take no lightly, and she likes you, a lot. I might have to share you tonight, I think."

"Excuse me? Do I get a say in all this?"

"No. Once we get you alone, you're ours, big boy. Lucky for me, Monique is a good pussy eater, too. We're going to have quite an evening, the three of us. I hope you weren't planning on sleeping much."

Before I could respond, Monique returned, carrying Lola's coat as well. Lola wrapped her arm around mine, Monique did the same on the other side, and the three of us made our way back to the hotel. The conversation on the way back to the hotel was very sexually charged, and Monique bluntly asked if I'd ever gone black before. When I answered no, she laughed.

"You are in for a treat, my friend. You certainly are in for a treat."

Again, before I could say anything, we were at the hotel and too many people would have heard any response I could have made. I did see the look on the face of the desk clerk, and he knew I saw it. Both girls were wearing their coats open, and he plainly enjoyed what he was seeing. I winked at him, and he grinned. When the girls weren't looking, he gave me a big thumbs up. I just grinned. Once in the elevator, I felt hands going towards my crotch. I looked down to see both Monique and Lola rubbing the inside of my thighs, making their way to my cock. Before they got there, though, the elevator doors opened, and we were on our floor.

Lola led the way to her room, and as she opened the door, Monique had already taken her coat off, and had the body suit off of her shoulders. I turned to her, only to see her slip it down past her massive tits. She had hoops pierced into both nipples, and a tattoo of a red rose on the inside of her left tit. I wasted no time in getting my hands on those big toys, tweaking her nipples and lifting them to my mouth, so I could suck on them. She groaned lightly, and I felt hands go to my ass. Lola was standing behind me, completely naked, and her hands joined mine on Monique's tits. I slipped out from between them, to undress myself, as Lola slipped the bodysuit completely off of Monique. Her tits had quite a bit of sag to them, reaching almost to her belly button, but that was quite okay with me. Lola ran her hands up and down Monique's body, fondling her tits, and cupping her sex in her hand. 

I finished stripping myself, and lay back on the bed. Lola wasted no time in crawling up the bed, letting her big tits slide up my legs, until her head was level to my crotch. She took my cock in her hand, and gently stroked it. I groaned, and she swallowed it down as Monique squatted above my head, exposing her snatch to me. She had a barbell piercing of her clit, and she lowered herself down so I could eat her out. I quickly buried my tongue in her wet pussy, and she moaned with pleasure. I gave her the best pussy eating I'd ever given, and she came all over my face not once, but twice. Lola was working my cock like a lollipop, licking and sucking. She would bring close to the edge, and then back off, let me cool down, and do it again.

Monique finally gave out, and lifted herself off of my face, allowing me to grab Lola's head, forcing her to suck my cock deep. She moaned, and Monique moved around to get behind Lola, running her hand along Lola's ass. Lola arched her back, presenting herself to Monique, who wasted no time burying her face into Lola's cunt and ass. I felt my own explosion build, and Lola knew it was coming. She wrapped her lips around my cock, and really went to work on me. I grunted once, and before I knew it, my seed was exploding into her waiting mouth. She didn't let a single drop go to waste, swallowing every last drop, and Monique came up to help her milk my cock dry.

I was spent, at least for a few minutes, and Lola moved up to lie next to me. We kissed as Monique went back to work on Lola's pussy. Lola wrapped her legs around Monique's head, as Monique really proved she knew her way around a pussy. Lola moaned and gasped her way through a succession of orgasms, and Monique kept up the pressure, really making Lola squirm. By this time, my cock was hard again, so I moved around behind Monique, and slipped my cock into her wet snatch. She groaned in agreement, and we developed a rhythm between the three of us. Lola finally pulled herself away from Monique's efforts, and spread her legs for me. I pulled out of Monique, and slammed it home into Lola's wet cunt. I went back and forth between the two, a few strokes in Lola, a few more in Monique, until my second load of the night was ready to explode. 
