 Once I got home from the hotel, I collapsed into bed for a few hours. Once I woke up, I made sure to check out the chat room, and I wasn't disappointed. The second my screen name appeared, all of the ladies were congratulating me on standing up to Becky, and asking what kind of night I had with Lola. Being a gentleman, I refused to kiss and tell, but several of the women made pretty shrewd guesses. One of them went so far as to send me a private message promising to give me an experience that "would make Lola seem a total amateur". Of course, I followed up on that one, and set a date for later in the week, in the interests of research, of course.

About an hour after I got there, Lola popped in, and immediately sent me a message asking for my home phone number. I gave it to her, and almost immediately, the phone rang.

"Hey, sexy! Did you sleep well?"

"Like a rock. Out cold for about five hours. I'm feeling a lot better now, though."

"Good, I'm glad to hear that. I was worried Monique and I were going to wear you out to the point that you would want to back out tonight. I think you'll have a lot of fun tonight. I will tell you that this is a slightly different party than you might think. It's actually...no, I think I'll let you be surprised. I know you'll like it, though. Got a pen? I'll give you my address, so you can meet me here, and we'll drive over there together."

I wrote down her address, noting it was in a pretty good part of town, and promised to be at her place by 6:30 pm. I hung out in the chat room for a little while longer, fielded a few more propositions from the ladies, and called it a day. A long hot shower, and a quick dress later, and I was on the road to Lola's place. I pulled up in front of her building, and headed inside. The doorman asked whom I was planning on visiting, and when I said her name, he smiled.

"Miss Lola is one of the better tenants in the building, always very considerate and friendly. I'll announce you upstairs."

I made my way to the elevator after he told me where to go and when I got to her door it was cracked open.

"Lola? You here?"

"Come on in, Eric. Close the door behind you, would you please? Make yourself a drink if you like and come on back."

I fixed myself a drink, as offered, and made my way to her bedroom. When I walked in, she was dressed in a tiny pink thong and matching pink bra that pushed her big breasts up and out quite nicely. She was debating over which dress she should wear, and after the welcoming kiss, asked my opinion.

"What do you think, lover? Red, or black?"

"Neither. I think you're horribly overdressed, and need to take everything off at once."

She laughed, and smacked my arm.

"There's plenty of time for that later, sexy man. Which one do you like better, red or black?"

"Honestly, you can never go wrong with black. Look at me."

I was wearing black slacks and a pale gray shirt, topped with a black blazer my ex-wife hated, which was why I wore it as much as I did. Lola's eyes roamed my body, and she grinned.

"Looking quite nice, I must admit. That blazer looks really sharp on you."

"My ex hated it."

"Well, she obviously has no taste. She let you get away, didn't she?"

I laughed. 

"That's exactly what I've been saying for awhile, and no one believes me. Most of our friends think I did something horrible to her to forcer her to cheat on me the way she did, and they all think I'm some sort of evil bastard for taking so much of her money in the divorce. I keep telling them I'm not the one that tried to hide everything in an attempt to screw me over, but they don't listen. Must be why I don't hang out with those friends anymore."

She smiled, and kissed me gently.

"Well, now you have me and Monique as new friends, and if what I heard is true, there are ladies lining up to sample the goods from the chat room. Sounds like you're better off than those jerks you used to be friends with."

We laughed, and she finished getting dressed. It took less than 15 minutes for Lola to get made up and ready, a fact every man can appreciate. There's nothing worse than a woman that takes hours to get dressed, and changes the outfit a dozen times in the process. We left her apartment, and walked arm in arm to my car. The doorman tipped his hat to us when we left, and I grinned at him. What else could I do?

Lola gave me the directions to this party, and I found the place easily. There were about twenty cars parked near the house, and more pulling up all the time. Lola led the way right in, and the first thing I noticed was that all of the women were of the plus-sized variety. There were no truly skinny women at all, and all of the guys gave off this vibe that said, "I'm lucky to be here, and I know it". Lola led me straight to the backyard, where a bar was set up, and also a long runway over the pool, leading to a stage at the far side.

"What kind of party is this, Lola?"

She looked at me with an almost evil grin, and laughed.

"I'm sorry, did I forget to tell you? This is a plus-sized lingerie show, thrown by one of my best friends. I thought you might enjoy something like this. Was I wrong? Oh, I guess not, or is my imagination running away with me here?"

She was discreetly groping my cock as she spoke, which was doing its best to burst right out of my slacks. I smiled, and promised to get her for this, later. She just laughed.

"I'm sorry, was that supposed to be a threat? I have to say I like the idea of that, let me tell you. Oh, here comes Suzie now. Let me introduce you to her."

Suzie was a strawberry blonde woman, about 5'6" tall, and built like the proverbial brick shithouse. She had large, well-shaped breasts, barely concealed by her blouse, wide sexy hips, and great legs. She was in her mid thirties, and looked incredible. She and Lola hugged and exchanged kisses, and then I was introduced.

"So you're the wonderful man Lola has been running on about all day. We've talked three times, and every time she mentioned you, I could hear the excitement in her voice. You must be quite the man to do that to Lola, of all people. I can't wait to get to know you better, but you'll have to excuse me for just a moment. I can't seem to get more than 30 seconds to relax before another crisis erupts."

Before I had a chance to say anything, she was off. Taking a peek, I caught a glimpse of her plump ass, swaying nicely in the black skirt she was wearing. Lola caught me looking, and laughed.

"She does have quite the nice ass, doesn't she? Relax, lover, Suzie and I have been friends for so long we have no secrets, and I have never minded a man looking at a lovely lady, as long as he's not drooling over her. Or do I need to wipe your chin?"

I lifted my chin, to show her that there was, in fact, no drool whatsoever. She laughed, and kissed me. It was a kiss that promised much, much more, later in the evening, and left me slightly breathless. The music started up as we finished, and we quickly found seats towards the front, and sat down to enjoy the show.

There were more than a dozen women, and every one of them was wearing nearly nothing at all. The outfits got more and more risqué as the evening went on, and I loved every second of it. Towards the end, Lola excused herself for a moment, and left me alone. I was focused on the show, enjoying the view immensely, when Lola walked out on stage. She was wearing a pink teddy, to match the bra and panties she had on earlier in the evening. She sauntered down the ramp, and blew a kiss to me as she passed. I turned to watch her go, and when I turned, I got another surprise. Suzie was the next model, and she was wearing nothing more than a black thong, and a pushup bra that lilted her tits up and out. 

Suzie's nipples were rock hard, which was obvious to all, since they were on full display to the crowd. Needless to say, she looked incredible. Walked past, and Suzie grabbed a microphone.

"Thank you all so much for coming, and for showing your appreciation for the lovely ladies this evening. Not a single one of the girls is a professional model, and they did this for fun, and the chance to walk around mostly naked in front of a crowd."

The crowd cheered this, and she laughed.

We do have one more outfit to model, and this is definitely a showstopper. I would like to present to you, my best friend in the world, Lola North!"

The crowd applauded and cheered, and Lola came out wearing a dominatrix outfit that hugged every sexy curve, and had cutouts over the breasts, and in the crotch. Lola's big tits were on full display, and there was enough of a cutout to show that she was totally shaven. The crowd cheered and clapped for her, and she cracked that whip she was carrying, playing the part perfectly. Suzie turned and got on her knees in front of Lola, and Lola put her foot on Suzie's shoulder, and pulled Suzie's face towards her crotch. Suzie broke away before making contact, but I could see that Suzie wanted to stay there and eat Lola out in front of the entire crowd. Suzie stood up, and thanked everyone for coming again. The lights came back on, and the show was over.

I sat for a moment, stunned at the sight of my date naked on stage, and didn't notice the redhead coming my way.

"Eric? I've been asked to bring you backstage. Follow me, please?"

I would have followed this girl anywhere. She was wearing a green garter belt and stocking set, and looked incredible. Her ass was hanging out of the panties quite nicely, and I watched it wiggle as she walked. She led me past the curtain to the backstage area, and I was surrounded by naked and half-naked women, and every one of them smiled as I went by. I was led to a smaller, private dressing area, and the curtain was lifted so I could go inside. Suzie and Lola were waiting for me, and both were still dressed in the outfits they'd had on onstage.

"Did you enjoy the show, Eric? By the look on your face, I'd have to say you did. By the feel of your cock, I know you did."

Lola unzipped my slacks, and freed my hard cock. Suzie grinned, and joined Lola on her knees in front of me.

"I see what you mean, Lola. This is quite the nice cock you have here, Eric. Would you mind if I enjoy it?"

Without waiting for an answer, Suzie took my cock into her mouth, and sucked it down like a straw. Lola moved behind Suzie, and shoved her face into her ass crack. I was enjoying the effort Suzie was putting into sucking my cock, and was close to blowing a load, when she stopped, and moved back.

"I know you're close to coming, Eric, but I want you to come in my ass. Lola got me all wet and ready for you, so get to it!"

I know an order when I hear one, and got down on my knees behind Suzie, and fed my cock into her waiting ass. She immediately pushed back at me, and groaned in pleasure. We hit our stride quickly, and Lola sat back to watch, fingering her own cunt at the same time. I reached out and squeezed her tits, and she arced her back to bring them closer to me. Watching Lola finger herself just made me hotter, and I quickly found myself on the edge of an orgasm. Suzie must have realized, because she tightened her ass around my cock even more, and that sent me over the edge. With an enormous groan, I let my seed fly into her tight ass, and Suzie came at that point as well.

As my cock softened, Lola brought herself to a hard orgasm, and the three of us relaxed together for just a few moments. All too soon, Suzie got up and threw on a robe. 

"As much as I'd like to stay here and fuck the shit out of both of you, I do have guests to see to besides you. Please, feel free to stay here and relax, or join the festivities as you wish."

She kissed both of us, and left the tent area. Lola and I relaxed together, basking in that post-orgasmic feeling for a little while, and then got up to join the party. I started to put my clothes back on, when Lola stopped me.

"I don't think that will be necessary, Eric. Suzie's parties always tend to turn into naked romps pretty quickly, and from what I'm hearing out there, this one is no exception."

I stuck my head out of the tent, and saw immediately that she was right. Everywhere I looked there was a naked body, male and female. People were fucking and sucking all over the place. I looked around, and saw the redheaded goddess that had led me to the tent earlier by herself, fingering her pussy. Lola saw where I was looking, and smiled.

"Go give Shelly a hand, lover. She looks like she could use the assistance, and the way she was looking at you earlier, she definitely would welcome you. I'll go track down some old friends, and catch up with you later. Have fun1"

Lola kissed me, fondled my cock briefly, and walked naked out of the tent towards the house. Several sets of eyes followed her, and two guys met her at the door, their hands immediately going all over her body. She allowed them to lead her inside, and I worked my way over to Shelly.

"You look like you could use a hand with that. Or perhaps a tongue?"

"Shut up and get on your knees. I want you to eat my pussy until I scream."

Who am I to argue with a beautiful naked woman? I dropped to my knees, and buried my face in her wet snatch. She immediately wrapped her legs around my head, pulling me even closer. I shoved my tongue in as far as it would go, and ran it down to her ass for good measure. She moaned and wiggled, obviously enjoying my efforts. I kept it up for her, really licking and sucking her clit and tonguing her asshole. I could feel her getting close, and I gave it a final effort, sliding two fingers into her wet pussy just as her orgasm started. The penetration must have helped, because she really did scream through her orgasm, and finally unwrapped her legs from around my head as it subsided. She reached down and grabbed my head, pulling me on top of her. We shared a deep kiss, and her hands wandered to my cock.

"Wow. This is quite the piece of equipment you have. I think you need to use this in my pussy, right now."

She guided my cock into her dripping pussy, and lay back to let me fuck her. I really pounded her twat, slamming my cock as far as I could inside of her. She screamed her way through several more orgasms before I finally got to my own, and just before I shot, she pushed me off and slid to her knees. She grabbed my cock, and stroked it hard. I shot my load all over her face and chest, and she loved every minute of it. She milked my cock for all the come she could get out of it, and rubbed my seed into her chest and tits. I sat back and sighed in contentment, as Shelly kissed me once, and ran to the pool and dove in. When she surfaced at the far end, she worked her way into a small group in the shallow end, and was quickly fucking another guy.

I decided to get up, and wander the house, to see what else was going on. In every room there were people in various sexual acts. I saw girl on girl, threesomes, and even some bisexual action going on. There was one room full of guys in a circle, and two big girls in a 69 in the center. The guys were all stroking each other's cocks, and every so often, someone would shoot their load all over the girls on the ground. The girls were covered in come, so this must have been going on for a while. I smiled, and moved on.

I walked into this one room, and found Suzie strung up in a sex chair, being truly pounded by a guy with what had to have been a 12" cock. He was pulling out and then slamming it home, and Suzie was loving every second of it. There were several others watching and having their own fun, and I went on, still looking for something that really caught my eye. I went into the master bedroom, and found Lola being ass-fucked by an older woman with a strap-on. This woman had huge, saggy tits that were flapping up and down with each stroke of her fake cock. Lola gestured to me to join them, and I broke land speed records to get to the bed. I quickly fed my hard cock to Lola, and she sucked it down like candy.

I fucked Lola's face, and the older woman fucked her ass until Lola had a monster of an orgasm, and collapsed face down on the bed. The other woman, whose name was Gwen, undid the strap-on and let it fall. Her snatch was covered with hair, and it was obvious she was quite wet and excited. She lay back on the bed and spread her legs for me, and I dove in face first. I stuck my tongue into that hairy pussy as far as it could go, and really gave her a pussy eating she'd remember for a long time. I had Gwen screaming and moaning through several orgasms before I finished, and that was only to replace my tongue with my hard cock.

Gwen immediately wrapped her legs around my waist, and pulled me in tighter. Lola had recovered by this point, and was laying next to Gwen, fingering her own wet pussy and sucking Gwen's massive tits. Gwen really knew how to work her pussy muscles, and gave the fuck of a lifetime. I held out as long as I could, but when I couldn't hold off any longer, she pushed me out, and asked me to come on her tits. I moved up and straddled her chest, and within a few strokes between those monsters, my cock exploded, showering her tits with my seed. Gwen and Lola milked every bit of come from me, and then Lola licked my semen off of Gwen's tits.

The three of us rested together for a little while, and then Lola and I made our way back to the tent where our clothes were. We passed many people just passed out asleep, and more than a few people still performing all sorts of sexual acts. We saw Suzie taking one guy in her ass, another in her cunt, and splitting her oral attentions between three other cocks. We just waved, and I have my doubts she was even aware of our presence. Outside by the pool, I saw Shelly being fucked doggie-style in the pool while she had her head buried in the crotch of another girl. Over in the corner, there was an all-guy thing going on, with a couple of women cheering them on.

Lola and I got dressed, and let ourselves out the side gate. Walking back to my car hand in hand, she asked me if I enjoyed myself this evening.

"If this is your life every weekend, I'm surgically attaching myself to your side. This was an incredible evening."

She laughed, and tucked herself closer to my side.

"This isn't an every weekend thing, but I am an adventurous type, and I'd love to be the one to introduce you to new and exciting things."

"Baby, I'm all for that."

We kissed, and I opened the car door for her. As she got in the car, she ran her hand along my crotch.

"You think that thing has one more round left in it tonight? I'd really like to take you back to my place and spend the rest of the night making passionate love to you. Does that sound like a plan?"

As my answer, I ran around to the driver's side, and jumped in.

"That sounds like a wonderful idea."

And that's just what we did. When I woke up the next morning, Lola had breakfast ready for me, and we spent a quiet morning just chatting, and enjoying each other's company. We made love several more times over the course of the day, and when I left for home that night, we promised to go to the Butterfly lounge again that weekend. As soon as I got home, I booked a room at the same hotel. No sense tempting fate, you know...