 It was 6pm on a Friday evening and I was just getting home from work. I unlocked the door and all the lights were off downstairs. I called to my girlfriend Mini and got no response. I went upstairs to check and found her asleep in bed. She works early so this wasn't unusual for her, but she was naked with no covers on her. 

I rarely get to see Mini naked like this because she's so shy. Whenever we're having sex she asks for the lights off. I usually protest a little because she's so sexy and I want to see her, but I'd do anything to make my little girl happy so always let her have her way.

But seeing her naked in the light like this now, makes my dick hard instantly. She's petite at 5ft 2 with small boobs and perky nipples. She's slim but has some amazing curves and big booty to grab onto. Her soft brown hair is falling over her face and she looks so cute and innocent. 

I strip down to my boxers and climb into bed behind her. I kiss her neck and gently start rubbing her nipples. She stirs so I whisper to her that it's me. 

'Hey baby girl, I just got home from work. You look so amazing daddy wants to fuck you'. 

Mini loves the whole daddy fantasy and gets instantly turned on when I role play with her. 

She mumbles incoherently, still sleepy but rolls onto her back so I have full access to her nipples. I bend down and start sucking on the left one whilst rubbing the right and she arches her back and lets out a gentle moan. 

'mmm daddy that feels so good, I love you' she moans. 

'I love you too baby', I reply as I reach down to cup her pussy. 

She's dripping wet already so I start rubbing her little clitty whilst alternating between sucking her left and right nipples. She moans even louder, clearly awake now and grinds her pussy against my hand. 

I stop sucking on her nipples and she whimpers in dissatisfaction. 

'because you're such a good girl baby, daddy's going to lick and suck on your little pussy', I say to calm her. 

'mmm daddy please', she moans. 

I move down her body and she starts wriggling in anticipation. I spread her legs wide to get a good look at her sweet pussy. She's clean shaven with big lips and her little hole is glistening. She looks and smells so inviting. I look up at her and she's looking down at me, waiting patiently.

I start by licking up her labia and when I feel just how wet she is, I slide a finger into her wet, warm pussy. 

She starts rubbing her pussy into my face and moaning loudly.

'ohhhhh daddy please, mmm fuck'. 

For such a shy little girl, she makes a lot of noise in bed and it turns me on so much. I need her to repay the favour. 

I remove my finger and she lets out a little whine, disappointed.

I move up to her lips and say, 'it's okay baby girl, daddy just wants you to suck him and then I'm going to fuck you until you cum'. 

'Do you want that baby girl? Do you want your daddy's hard dick inside of you?' 

She kisses me and whispers, 'yes daddy, I want you to fuck my little pussy'. 

I kiss her back, sucking on her bottom lip and stroking her hair. 

I break the kiss after a few minutes and push her head down to my dick. She licks from the base to the head and it feels amazing. She takes my dick in her mouth and tries to fit all of me in her little mouth. My dick stands at 8 inches and she gags, struggling. She might be my little princess but I want my dick sucked so I keep pushing her head down. She takes more of me in then I let her up and she carries on licking and slurping the head of my cock. 

After about ten minutes, I lay down and pull her on top of me so I can get a good view of her body. She looks so fucking sexy but she's embarrassed and lays down on me to snuggle into my neck. 

'it's okay baby girl, you look amazing and daddy wants to see you riding him', I tell her as I gently push her back up. She slowly starts bouncing on my dick and within a few minutes her embarrassment is gone and she's moaning and whimpering, fucking the life out of me. 

'Baby girl you feel so good, daddy's not going to last long', I moan. 

She doesn't reply, too lost in the sensation of her tight pussy being fucked. I reach into the bed side table and grab a vibrator. I position it so it's on her clit as she's bouncing on me. 

'Mm fuck daddy... my pussy feels so good...I think I'm going to cum daddy', she moans, loudly. 

I lift my hand to her throat to gently choke her, something she loves but would never ask for, and I start pounding her hard and fast. 

'Daddy, I can't hold it I'm going to cum. Mmmm uhhhh daddy I'm cumming!!'

Her pussy tightens around my cock as she cums and it's just too much, I start cumming too. 

'uhh baby girl, daddy's cumming. Mm ohhh fuck', I grunt. 

I ride the wave with her and then pull her down to me to cuddle. She's breathing fast and whimpering still from her orgasm. I stroke her back slowly and give her little kisses, knowing she loves the affection after she's cum so hard. 

'I love you baby girl', I breathe into her ear. 

'I love you too daddy', she whimpers back. 

I pull the blanket up over her and she falls asleep in my arms.