 Thank you everyone who voted for the first part. 

Part 2

Chapter 6:

Alisha fainted and fell to the floor then just lay there without moving and everyone rushed over to her.

"Alisha! Alisha! Alisha!" everyone was shouting. 

"Is she breathing?" My dad asked.

"I don't know!" Carrie said frantically as she was trying in vain to wake Alisha.

"Call 911," My mom screamed.

"What's going on?" Alisha said in a foggy state. She was shaking her head back and forth looking at everyone.

"Thank god you're alright." My mom said as she let out a deep breath. 

"What happened, why am I on the floor. Who are you people? Where Am I?" Alisha said as she looked around the room. She tried to get up but was dizzy and weak and could not seem to sit up.

My mom got a wash cloth and rinsed it in cool water under the faucet. 

"Alisha how do you feel honey?" My mom said as she was wringing the wash cloth and then rushed over to put it on Alisha's forehead.

"Who are you?" Alisha said again.

"Mommy?" Alisha said in a little girl's voice looking around the room scared.

"She seems delusional," Carrie said.

"Let's see if we can lift her up and take her to the couch. Chad, come on help me lift her." My dad said quickly.

"You better call her mother, Alexa." My mom said.

"Hey; Mrs. Stanton, this is Alexa, No I know she's over here. Alisha fainted or something and, No she's awake now, but I think you better come over to our house and get her. She keeps asking for you." Alexa said.

A few minutes later Mrs. Stanton showed up banging on the door. Alexa ran to the door and let her in.

"Where's Lish?" Mrs. Stanton said excitedly looking around the room in a panic.

"In here!" My father shouted as he raced over toward Mrs. Stanton. 

"She's over here on the couch," Carrie said.

"What happened to her? Mrs. Stanton said scared.

"She just fainted." Carrie said as she moves away from Alisha so Mrs. Stanton could get closer.

"Mommy I had another spell again," Alisha says in a dazed sounding voice as she tries to sit up.

"Stay down dear," My mom says "you need to keep your head below your feet."

Carrie moves out from in front of Mrs. Stanton's way and her left hand passed right in front of Mrs. Stanton's view.

"Whoa, is me; what's that on your finger, Girl?" Mrs. Stanton said to Carrie.

"Oh Now I remember I saw that ring and then got dizzy." Alisha said shaking her head slightly.

"It's an engagement ring," Carrie said. 

"Alisha why didn't you tell me Carrie was engaged?" Mrs. Stanton said as she was giving Alisha the eye.

Mrs. Stanton was looking at my mom and dad.

"It just happened," My sister Alexa interjected quickly.

"Whoa that is some ring you got there Carrie," Mrs. Stanton says as she looks it over twisting it back and forth on Carrie's finger to get a better view. 

"Who is the lucky guy to give you a ring like that?" Mrs. Stanton says as she looks around the room.

Carrie points to me.

"My Knight in shining armor." Carrie says as she motions me to come over.

"Dull armor; you mean." Alexa says giggling.

"No one knew anything until this morning," My mom says quickly.

"Wow Chad that IS some Fancy-smancy ring you gave Carrie," Mrs Stanton says with a gleam in her eye as she raises her eye brows up and down quickly looking back at Carrie.

"It's a family heirloom." My father says.

"It's my great; great... great grandmother's antique blue diamond engagement ring." I said admiringly as I twist it back on forth gently on Carrie's finger.

"Actually its 26 generations worth of Greats." my dad says calmly.

"That's a Diamond? I don't think I have ever seen a blue diamond before." Mrs. Stanton says in surprise.

"I know, Right, that's what I said." Alexa says as she looks at Mrs. Stanton.

"So you to just decided to get married this morning... just like that?" Mrs. Stanton says as she snaps her fingers.

"After a major romp in the hay." Alexa's squeals.

"T.M.I." Mrs. Stanton says as she looks at Alexa.

"You all shouldn't be kissing and telling. What they do is their own business, their adults after all." Mrs. Stanton says.

"It's all written in some old book anyway so everyone knows everything already." Alexa says jokingly.

"Uh; Mrs. Stanton you want some coffee?" My mom interjects quickly.

"Yes, sure that would be great." Mrs. Stanton says excitedly.

"Let's all go in the kitchen why don't we?" My father says, then he continues "Here Alisha; let me help you up. Hold on to me sweetie."

"See it's all written here in this old book." Alexa says as she turns the book around to read it.

"Why honey you shouldn't be reading Carrie's private diary... like it's a novel." Mrs. Stanton says quickly.

"Actually it's an ancient prophecy manual handed down through the generations of our family." My father says.

"Whoa; whoa; whoa... hold on here." Mrs. Stanton says in astonishment.

"What? So you're telling me that what these two did was written down in this old book; years ago. Mrs. Stanton said.

"Seven hundred years ago," Carrie says.

"Word for word." My mother said.

"Word for word, wait did you say Seven HUNDRED, ye-ars; years not days?" Mrs. Stanton says as she lifts her eyebrows shaking her head in disbelief.

"Wait hold on here you all; you're telling me this book told the future; and it was written seven hundred years go? Word for Word; that's impossible!" Mrs. Stanton exclaimed.

Everyone was shaking their head yes, looking at Mrs. Stanton.

"See it says here 'Then when the young ones meet again, as adult virgins, they will conceive; their first born child; before the next day's rising sun.'" My mom reads aloud.

"So you guys all did what this book said. Well they read it before-hand then didn't they. Right you guys come on tell the truth now." Mrs. Stanton grilled like a mother.

"Uh NO;" Carrie said. "We had no idea of this book; it was in his dads study somewhere; we did not see it or even find it. Chads mom brought it out later."

They are number 13; my Grandparents were number 12 and so on before them. Every 2 generations the prophecy is written for." My dad says calmly.

"Well who is number 14?" Mrs. Stanton asks then continues, "Maybe it's you; Lish; look at that ring sweetie; look at Chad," she says as she nudges me.

Carrie started flipping the pages beyond our section.

"The rest of the book is... blank!" Carrie said in astonishment flipping through the pages very quickly, then going to the last page in a hurry to find them all completely blank.

"There is nothing else written on any other page after ours! See it stops here." Carrie says as she puts her finger in the middle of the page to hold her place. "Then the next page is empty as well as the rest from then on." She said in shock looking at everyone shaking her head in total disbelief.

"See page 319 is the last page." Carrie continued.

"Wait; three nineteen, is today's date; March Nineteenth," My mom said with a weird look on her face.

"Let me see that; is that right Carrie?" My mom continues.

We all rushed over to see the last page with words on it.

"See; it stops here," Carrie says.

Then she flipped the next page and it was empty, then she flipped back.

"Wait a minute here now! There was... not... this... much... writing before; I just saw it; it ended where I have my finger in the middle of the page but now it ends down here." She says in shock as she looks up at everyone.

My mom swings the book around out of Carrie's hands.

"Sorry dear; let me see that!" My mom says frantically.

"It says 'The Mother of the Knight presents him with the Blue Diamond Robertson-Smith Ring'." My mom says then she looked at Carrie's ring. Both my mom and Carrie are looking at the ring now. Carrie slips the ring off her finger and she and my mom are looking inside the ring at the tiny letters, but neither of them can make out the letters in the ring.

"Do you have a magnifying glass?" Carrie says quickly. 

My sister rummages through the kitchen drawer and pulls out a big magnifying glass and she hands it to Carrie.

"It says 'Rob bert son' no wait there's more writing," Carrie says as she slowly turns the ring, then she moves over under the counter light to get a better look. I see the word 'S mmm iii th'... 'Robertson... hyphen... Smith' she says as she looks at me then my mom.

"You had this engraved earlier?" Carrie said to me.

I shook my head no, then she looked at my mom and she shook her head no.

"No honey I forgot that box was even in there until I got the manual out. Actually I saw the box when I put the book back. But I could have sworn that box was not there when I got the manual the first time. But I was in shock when I found out you too made love and I must have not seen it as I frantically got out the manual." My mom said.

"Wait; where did you get that book, from... exactly, dear." My dad said. 

"It was in here," My mom said as she walked back toward my dad's study and we all followed.

"Here in this drawer' right here, see in here." My mom says quickly.

"That book... was not there earlier." My dad chimed in. 

"What are you calling me a LIAR, now?" My mom barked at my dad.

"What?" We all said as we looked around at each other.

"So what's going on here?" I said.

"There are letters on the front of the drawer... 'A...P...M'" My sister says as she stands there eating an apple.

"A.P.M. who is that? Is that your great grandparent's initials or something?" Carrie asks. 

"No; it might stand for... Ancient -- Prophecy..." My dad says then pauses.

"Manual" Alexa interjects quickly.

"But all of these drawers were empty. I know 'cause I had everything taken out of them including the drawers when we moved it in here to save the weight of carrying it; and none of the drawers had letters on them either.

All of the stuff in the drawers are in these boxes over here, and as you can see none of them have been disturbed. They still have tape on them when they were packed." My dad says with great curiosity as he rubs his chin.

"Ok so there was no manual in here before this morning and then it just appears out of nowhere." I said.

"So mom, how did you know it was in here?" Alexa says.

"I remember you saying earlier, 'so the Prophecy is true' and you rushed in here to get the manual." Carrie says as she looks scared at my mom.

"How did you know which drawer it was in in the first place, If dad says it was not here." I said inquisitively

"I don't know I just had a thought as it popped in my mind. I had no idea what I was saying or doing it's like I was on autopilot." My mom said.

"The book is writing itself," My sister interjects calmly as she takes a bite out on an apple. "It's writing events as they happen, not before." She continues.

Everyone is looking at my sister since she seems to be the one who knows more than the rest of us.

"So Wednesday... Gomez what gives here?" Alisha says looking at Alexa in a joking voice.

"There was nothing in these drawers last week when I was in here dusting. I was looking at this big old thing and wondering what in the world was in all these drawers. I opened a few of them including this one and there was nothing; so I just continued dusting, I am pretty sure there were no letters on them either." My sister said.

"Wait; look at that box down there in the middle, over here, look. Alexa says. 

Now we are all looking at Alexa who seems to be on to something.

"It has a square cut out of it." Carrie says looking at it then Alexa as she crosses her arms.

"Just about the size of the end of the book." I said.

"But it's not a cut mark... it's like it... burned... its way out." My dad says examining it closely

Then he looks back to us and announces.

"And if Alexa cut it out, how did she know exactly which box it was in, and exactly where it was located in that box?" My dad said then continued. "She was not the one who packed the stuff, I was. She was a way at school until this week, so she could not have known anything. The top of the box still has the tape intact so she could not have been inside it looking." My dad continued.

"Alexa I don't know how you got that thing out of there; but be careful OK I don't want you." My mom says and pauses abruptly as Alexa interrupts.

"What the 'ell mom; you think I got some magical laser beam thingy that I can open stuff with and... use my x-ray powers to find things inside boxes." Alexa barks out.

End of Chapter 6

Chapter 7

Later that evening:

"Your dad and I are going back to the cabin so you young'uns take care of yourself and don't burn the house down." My mom says.

"Hey maybe we should have a slumber party?" Alisha says to Alexa. 

"Yeah just like old times... remember!" Alexa says excitedly.

"Yeah I bought enough snacks for the 3 of us and the two love birds made birds and bees the entire time." Alexa said sarcastically.

"Yeah, we can have pillow fights and talk about..." Alisha says excitedly.

"Boys... are dreamy." Alexa coos in a dreamy voice.

"You two can fight over boys; I have the 'man' I want." Carrie says with a happy look on her face hugging a pillow.

"Not fight over boys silly; have fights and talk about boys." Alisha says.

"Oh Gaud she's in love; look at her, she has that dreamy face." Alexa says.

"I know right your brother is some hunk." Alisha says.

Alexa slaps Alisha hard on the ass then elbows her in the ribs.

"Shut up; what-tha 'ell," Alexa says loudly in astonishment.

"Owee bitch!" Alisha squeals and picks up a pillow and wallops Alexa hard enough to knock her off the bed. 

"Oh you're in fucking trouble now you hoe-bitch." Alexa screams.

"Wait! let me outa here you fucking moronic freaks!" Carrie screams loudly like a little girl at the top of her lungs and she is blocking the pillows as they fly by and almost hit her. Then she runs out the door pushing herself off the walls as she sprints down the hall.

As she comes racing down the hall, she is looking back over her shoulder then she smacks directly into me. I was dumb struck as Carrie plowed into me. She nearly knocks me down as I was pulling my boxers up then putting on a T-shirt getting ready for bed.

"Jeez; woman what's going on? You almost knocked me down; Miss Linebacker." I said as I tried to stay upright. 

"Oh Gaud; Sorry baby. I was getting away from the pillow freak girls." Carrie said as she caught her breath.

As I pulled my t-shirt down over my six pack; Carrie was pulling my shirt back up.

"Wait; what's going on here? There is something right here." Carrie said as she moved closer to examine me.

"Something right where? I said slightly nervous trying to look at my stomach.

I could see nothing as she pushed her perfectly manicured index finger in my stomach softly.

"Right here... wait... let me get a... closer look." Carrie said real seriously.

"What is it; a tick; or something?" I said frantically really frightened now.

"No, it's a, motor boat," She said snickering.

"A What?" I said as I moved back away from her to see.

She grabbed me around the waist and pulled me hard into her face; then was doing a motor boat sound on my stomach with her mouth. Next she started feeling my dick through my boxers and was stroking it.

This made it get bigger and thicker and felt so amazing as it expanded downward. Stuck under my boxers it had no place else to go but down.

"Da-ham man look at that thing grow; how does that feel ...Chad?" Carrie whispered.

She now has her hand on it rubbing the back side since it caught in my underwear and was facing slightly sideways and backwards. 

"Whoa shit; it's longer than my hand; from wrist to my fingertips by an inch or more." She said in astonishment looking up at me as she was feeling it in her palm.

Next I could feel her hand move down to my dick head. It must have been sticking out the bottom of my boxers cause I could feel her warm hand with no boxer cloth in between. It felt so good and I was ready to pull my shorts down right here and fuck her senseless. 

Just as I grabbed my waist band I heard the girls down the hall screaming again. I stopped her hand as I whispered in her ear to wait in my room, I'd be right back to her. 

I raced down to my sister's room and flung myself inside.

"Hey you two crazy loons!" I shouted, "Stop that; remember those are allergy free pillows and they cost a lot and if you bust them open; mom will bust 'you' both open." I said loudly.

I stood there for a second with my hands on my hips glaring at both of them.

I could see they were startled from my sudden intrusion as I was shouting.

"Ok Chad," Alexa said quickly.

"Yes sir! Chad of Robertson" Alisha shouted as she was saluting me.

Alexa busted out laughing. Then so did Alisha.

"I mean it now Damn-IT!" I fired back quickly; then lunged forward toward them.

They both screamed out like little girls, as if grade school boys were chasing around.

As they got serious again I turned slowly out the door; then I left and went back to find Carrie.

Alisha covered her mouth as I left the room. 

Then Alexa was about to ask Alisha something and she started looking at her real funny.

"Gaud what's wrong with you now; freak-a-zoid." Alexa says at Alisha.

"I saw," Alisha says barely discernable hand still covering her mouth with a crazy look on her face as she rocked back and forth on the bed.

"You saw..." Alexa says.

"I saw your brother," Alisha says quickly as she uncovers her mouth then covers it up back again.

"You saw my brother... come on what the fuck?" Alexa said loudly.

"I saw his;" Alisha says with her hands partly covering her mouth.

Alexa grabs her hand and pulls it away from her mouth and then says "I can't understand you."

"You saw... his..." Alexa says shaking her head no since Alisha was not saying anything more but was pointing down to her own vagina. 

"What did you say? What are you doing or; what are you pointing at." Alexa says shaking her head.

Alisha is silent just snickering.

"So... you saw... his..." Alexa says really perturbed now as she looks down at Alisha's vagina?

Then Alexa realizes what Alisha saw.

"Oh Fuck; you did not!" Alexa says as she starts whispering very quickly.

Alisha still had her hand over her mouth as she was nodding yes; up and down. Alexa was trying to get Alisha to stop moving so she put her hand out to hold her shoulder looking her directly in the eyes. Alexa was shaking her head no, but Alisha was shaking her head yes.

"It was huge;" Alisha finally gasped.

"Oh No, no it wasn't." Alexa said as she was thinking of the ramifications of seeing her brothers naked cock and the closeness all three women had to each other.

"Oh; come on now; huge?" Alexa said quietly.

"It was fucking huge, the plumb was sticking out the bottom of his underwear." Alisha says in an excited tone.

"A plumb? What plumb? sticking out; of his..." Alexa said and stopped short and looked at Alisha, as she realized what Alisha was telling her and then the enormous size of her brother. She sat back up straight looking away from Alisha and looked at the door, she remembered seeing her brothers boxers from the back as he went out the door. Then she looked Alisha squarely in the eyes.

Alexa whispered as she gives Alisha the "Oh sure right glare"

"Are you fucking sure?" Alexa says and she starts shaking her head no.

"Yes I am fucking sure, you cannot mistake something that fuckin huge, it is impregnated... in my mind... forever!" Alisha exclaimed as she looked with purpose at Alexa. 

"Shoosh; don't let them hear you say that." Alexa said quickly.

"Okay Okay," Alisha said almost whispering.

"Fucking huge? Alexa whispered really quietly now with a perplexed look on her face.
