 In the busy Pondy Bazaar Shweta dressed in a very traditional south Indian saree with a brand new blouse and a perky panty went inside the jewelry showroom along with her husband Raj. They were recently married and this was the first outing on a purchase after tying the knots. The jewelry showroom was like a pavilion and it was gold, silver everywhere. 

On the Ist floor Shweta was busy exploring various combinations with her husband next to her helping with the choices when she suddenly felt a hand on her right hip which was relentless and unwilling to leave the body's chosen spot. It was during Diwali period and usually this was the time when rush and crowd were common, so Shweta allowed sometime to elapse thinking this to be one of those kinds.

But now what she felt was unmistakably wanton and deliberate. The hand was pawing her buttock, she flipped her head back to sneer at the attacker only to simmer down and became a toy cat. Just next to her was Rajnish, the Punjabi boy friend from her college days who was lusting for her all the 4 years and after enjoying all those years with him in every which possible, darling Shweta ditched him for Raj - a fellow Tamil at the drop of a hat. She could do nothing but allow the hand to do what it was and believe me, Raj was totally oblivious to all this, he was still busy holding all kinds of jewelry pieces and showing them to her. 

The hand was busy and perfectly rounded the ass and kept rubbing Shweta and finally,' Meet me in the adjoining room, it is the manager's cabin in another 5 minutes', whispered Rajnish before leaving the supple flesh only to wave at her from the inside of the counter while vanishing into the cabin of the manager.

Raj was not aware of what happened. 

' I will just come, need to go to the restroom', saying to Raj, Shweta somehow wriggled out of the counter while Raj sat on the sofa in front waiting for her to come back, she demurely slipped back only to surface in front of Rajnish inside the manager's room. Once inside the room, which was a typical sophisticated office room she found Rajnish sitting behind a huge desk with a computer and all state of art stuff. She glanced around to see the whole room and was amazed-startled to see Raj sitting outside beyond the window on the sofa speaking to somebody intently. She turned around to go away lest he discovers her here. 

' Don't worry it is a one way glass - he cannot see this way'. 

'You own this shop', blurted Shweta. 

' No, but you can assume it is mine, I also had friends back in the college who will remain as such throughout their and my life'.

' Sorry, I am very sorry Rajnish, did not mean to hurt you, my parents were not in favor and this was the best way to make our lives work themselves out, let us forget it and treat each other as friend’. 

' Sure, I have no hard feelings, only soft membranes left', saying Rajnish got up and gave Shweta the jolt in her life. His 9 inches by 3 inches prick was pointing towards her snarling in its full capacity and wanting to fire on all cylinders any moment. 


' Why don't you for now just suck me like you did in the Rajdhani express 2 years ago on the top berth in the AC -2 Tier while everyone else was having dinner below, you remember that night we went on to fuck on the berth and Naina your roommate could not keep it to herself while sleeping next to us on the other berth and told every one the next day after reaching Delhi?’ 

' No, I cannot do anything of that kind. I am married and this will not work, if you insist and trouble me I will have to shout and call for help'. 

' You know me well my dear Shweta, I do not believe in violence and retribution. You will do out of your own choice and will/wish.' Saying he cam out from behind the desk and sat on the sofa near to the Window from where they could see her husband more clearly who was now being kept busy by 3 people all animated in a serious discussion. 

' Come, suck it Shweta darling. I know how much you love to suck this poor fellow. Use your wonderful tongue and don't disappoint me. I promise this will not be the last time. I will fuck you on your own bed sometime later, come on now, and come suck it'. 

' You are blackmailing me Rajnish and it will not work out.’ 

' Black or White, No male but ‘female’....., yes I will not leave. You are just an object of pure lust for me, do you know how many women I have fucked and thrown on the wayside after your betrayal'. 

' I fucked my own sis-in-law and just the other day got her and my brother divorced, she is now my personal whore and stays in a posh apartment serving me and all my good friends'. 

Shweta got worried because he knew about Hema her own sister. Hema's affairs and escapades were readily available for discussions during the college days and she was always embarrassed. 

'Come on don't waste time. Suck my cock, you can chose to leave but the consequences can be more bitter'. 

Shweta tied her saree around more tightly and started towards him, she reached him and was just about to touch him when he pulled her to him and quietly unrobed the saree around her torso and removed it completely away from her sexy body. Shweta was a replica of Hema, extremely sexy and bewitching, both the sisters had it in them. Sex was in their eyes and between the legs.

He pounced on her blouse and quickly got the garments out of her way,' Next time no bra or panty or petticoat, okay', Shweta started crying and was in tears. She was not prepared for all this and was doing all this only to somehow get out of this place and tell Raj about it, Raj knew about Rajnish and she had discussed it with him. 

' Do you remember that night in my friend's place at Delhi when you inserted a Idly into your cunt and Robby the dog ate it out of your pussy. In fact it was a bet which you won and after that Riaz got you a Honda Activa as the winning prize', saying he flipped the Projector button to start a film in front of them and the entire scene came up on the screen. 

Shweta was silenced with this and did what was expected of her. She silently took off the petticoat and panty and nicely kept them aside and knelt down on the floor. She did not get the courage to look up and watch outside the window but her eyes caught Raj in a tense mood but still busy talking to the other guys. 

It was a carpeted office floor and Shweta understood there was no escape. She finally smiled wryly at him and slipped down on the floor with her hands on his dick. ' Do whatever you want but let me not see my husband while you are doing it'. 

' Oh, wow what sati savitri, what pati vrata, okay let me be on the top and take it the way we did in your friend's room at the college while she was busy in your room with my brother', Shweta knew what he was saying, it was going to leave her dirty but that was okay and better than watching Raj while this bloke fucked her watching him. 

So Shweta flipped over on her back and pulled him up straddling the boobs and reached out for a pillow on the sofa to put it behind her head, demure and intentful she reached around him and grabbed his ass-cheeks and pulled his cock into her mouth. She had the tip of his cock in her lips and then started jerking the rest of his cock, pumping it into her mouth.

Shweta could feel a huge drop of precum at the tip of his prick, she used the same to lubricate the balls beneath and then went on rubbing it against the underside of the shaft of the dirty cock. She made sure she gently and briskly licked the either sides of the balls one at a time.

Rajnish could feel himself tensing up for the orgasm. 

She squeezed tighter on the base of his cock. The prick-head swelled and dripped some more cock-juice in a pre-ejaculation, a mere flicker of what was to come. 

She stared at him knowing this was his choicest of the acts and kept looking up at him as he was looking down at her and at that moment one could easily tell that she was having him completely in her power, she could feel his shaft pulsing and getting ready to cum and his ass tightened up, suddenly the first spurt of cum hit the back in her mouth. 

Shweta quickly pulled his cock out and held it up to her face, still jerking. He shot out 6 or 7 wads of cum, which hit her on the face, over the eyes and on into the luxurious long mane of hair and almost everywhere, on her lips and chin and across the nose, big boobs below and of course in the valley between.

Finally the spurting stopped and Shweta just rubbed the head of his cock around her face, spreading the warm spending around and into her skin, she swallowed some of it into her mouth and very lewdly opened it to show him that it was all gone.

Rajnish was very happy, this whole thing was captured on the video and while he was shooting into her, the scene which was of interest was the long shot of Raj and close whacking of her face with his cum.

He leaned down and kissed Shweta and put his tongue in where his cock had just been. 

' Next time it will be more nice, you will spend the night with me, and go the next day with my cum in your pussy, on your boobs and every inch inside of your mouth, now fuck off and join your husband'.