 This is the 3rd chapter of my ongoing fantasies regarding BBW's. I've done skinny girls, and I much prefer the look and feel of the big, beautiful women I write about. Ladies, feel free to share your thoughts and fantasies with me...I can always use the inspiration you provide!

*

Over the weekend, I had spent some time online flirting with ladies in the chat room, between my adventures with Lola, and had made a date to get together with another woman in my area named Lori for lunch and "whatever". Her words. I gave her a call on Tuesday, needing the extra time to recover from the weekend, and we made a date for Wednesday afternoon.

The appointed time came, and I pulled up to her apartment building right in the center of the valley. I went up and knocked on her door, and heard her call out that it was open. I walked in, and she hollered she'd be right out, and to have a seat. I knew from pictures she'd sent me that Lori was very tall, almost 6'2", and she was pushing 300lbs., but she carried it pretty well, from what I'd seen. Her breasts looked to be huge, and she did have a big belly, but it wasn't her most dominating feature. That distinction belonged to her eyes. She had eyes that seemed to look into your soul, and just smoldered with barely contained sexuality. 

I was standing by her couch, looking at pictures she had hanging, and noticed one that seemed a bit different. I looked closer, and saw that it was a picture of Lori lying on a bed, completely naked. It was a small picture, and the details weren't all that clear, but just the thought made my dick rise to attention in my slacks. I discreetly adjusted myself, and just in time, as I heard her cough behind me. I turned to see her leaning against the doorway of her bedroom, wearing a summer dress that showed off her figure nicely. The dress she was wearing offset her darker skin color nicely, and the cleavage she was showing would give an older man a heart attack.

"Thanks for waiting for me. I was running a few minutes behind, and I guess I figured you'd be a few minutes late, like most men I know."

"I don't believe in being late. I think punctuality is very important to a man's character, and to be late is a key ingredient to the decline of western civilization."

"Really?"

"No, not really. It sounds pretty profound, though. Doesn't it?"

We laughed, and she came over to give me a hug. She pressed her chest into mine in a way that I hoped was a sign of things to come, and we headed out to lunch. On the drive to the restaurant she'd chosen, she asked how my weekend with Lola was, and I must have blushed a little, because she got a big laugh about that.

"Relax, Eric. Lola and I are old friends. I called her on Saturday and told her I was going to ask you to lunch, and she told me all about her plans for that night, and how the night before had gone. After hearing some of those details, there was no way I was going to pass up the chance to meet you in person."

Her hand was resting on my thigh as she spoke, and she casually ran it up into my crotch, and gave my cock a friendly squeeze. I grinned, and she laughed. "Lola wasn't kidding. You do have a nice big cock. I think I'm a little bit jealous of Lola right now."

"Why's that, or do I dare ask?"

"Well, Lola has already had the pleasure of that nice cock of yours, and I'm now wondering just how good it would feel up inside of me."

"Well, we could skip lunch and go back to my place. I'd be happy to educate you on all the things you've missed out on..."

"Nope. I can wait...I would like to have lunch. Besides, I want to tease you for a while, and really get you thinking about what is coming later...and yes, that's a promise. I am definitely going to fuck your brains out, I just want to do it on my time, and my terms."

Her hand never stopped rubbing my cock as she talked, and I finally had to move her hand away, or I was going to blow a load right in my shorts. Lori just laughed.

"Sorry, I really wasn't planning to make you come yet. I just lost track of what my hand was doing. Here, you can repay the favor."

She took my right hand, and slid it up the inside of her leg to the edge of her crotch. I could feel the heat of her pussy as I moved closer, and realized she was not wearing panties. I looked over at her, and she winked. I ran a finger along her wet snatch, and she gasped in pleasure. I found her clit, and worked it between my fingers. She moaned, and spread her legs a little wider for me. I was able to slip one finger inside of her just enough to get her really going strong, and she clamped her legs shut, trapping my hand. I could feel her body shiver as she had the first of what I hoped would be many orgasms, and she smiled at me.

"Good God, man. That was nice. I hope you're as good with your tongue as you are with your hands."

"Better. Much, much better."

She laughed.

"No lack of confidence here, I see. Good. I like a confident man. Makes things much more fun."

We laughed, and I pulled my hand away. I licked her juices off my fingers, and she smiled.

"A nice appetizer, but I can't wait for the main course."

We found the restaurant then, and we changed the conversation to something a little more appropriate for mixed company, but the sexual tension was definitely there. We were only at the restaurant for an hour or so, but it seemed like forever to me. We eventually got back on the road, and I asked the age-old question.

"So. Your place or mine?"

"Yours is fine. My neighbors can be really nosy, and I don't want you to have to put up with them."

"Why? Do they sit outside your door waiting for your dates to leave?"

"Actually, they have done that once. I had an old flame over for lunch, and we ended up fucking for a few hours, and when she left, my neighbors on both sides applauded. She was more embarrassed than I was, but I try not to put anyone through that, if I can. You don't mind going to your place, do you?"

"Not at all. I have a nice piece of property, so no neighbors to applaud my sex life."

We talked about my house a little, and I told her about my divorce, and how I ended up with everything because of her attempts to screw me out of it all. She laughed when I told her how my ex ended up being dumped by her new boyfriend, because she lost the house he wanted to move in to. The last time I'd heard, she was living in a small condo near downtown, and was hating every minute of it.

We pulled into my driveway, and when Lori saw the house, she whistled.

"Nice house. Does it come with a map, so no one gets lost?"

"I only give the maps to people I wouldn't want to run into at 3 am. Less hassle that way."

We laughed, and I showed her in. I gave her the nickel tour of the house, ending up in the master bedroom. She grinned when she saw where I had brought her, and turned to look at me.

"Something you're trying to tell me, Eric? Are you trying to drop a hint, here?"

"No hints. I want to see you naked, in my bed, pretty much immediately. Is that a problem?"

In response, Lori untied the straps of her dress, and let it fall to the floor. Naked, she was the very image of a nubile goddess of sex. Her breasts were large and full, but not overly sagging. Her belly was large, and hung low, but was still quite sexy. She was completely shaven, as I had discovered earlier in my explorations, and I could see the moisture developing as her excitement built. I wasted no time in undressing myself, and her eyes widened when she saw my hard cock spring free from its cloth prison.

"Is that big thing for me?" "Yes, as a matter of fact, it is. You make me so hard and horny, it hurts."

"Well, come on over here and let me take care of that for you. I don't want you to be hurting...unless you're into that kind of thing?"

I laughed, and made my way to her. I took her in my arms, and pulled her tight to me. We kissed, and I realized how much fun a tall girl can be. My cock was poking her right in the belly, and she laughed. Sitting on the edge of the bed, she bent down to take my cock into her mouth. I stood in front of her and let her control the action. She wrapped her plush lips around my cock, and proceeded to give me an expert blowjob. It was all I could do to stay on my feet she was so good. I could feel the aborted explosion from earlier come rushing right back, and I moaned in pleasure.

"Come for me, baby. I want to taste your come, lover."

She sucked my cock even harder, and I didn't even try to hold back. I let my seed fly, and like a trooper she swallowed every drop. Her lips milked every ounce of come from my cock, and then she licked it clean before lying back on the bed and spreading her legs wide.

"One good deed deserves another. Eat my pussy, Eric. I want your mouth on my cunt, baby."

I wasted no time in dropping to my knees, and burying my face in her juicy pussy. I sucked her clit, and lapped up her juices like a thirsty man in the desert. She arced her back in pleasure, and wrapped her legs around my head, forcing me closer. I ate that pussy like there was no tomorrow, and brought Lori off to several orgasms, one after the other. She finally unwrapped her legs from my head, and pushed me away from her.

"God, I need to rest. You really are an incredible pussy eater. Lola was completely right about that. She told me you were good."

"What else did you two talk about? Do I have any secrets left?"

"Lola did say how good you were in a group situation, and made me promise not to hog you forever. She wants to join us one night soon, and have a night of fun. She even said she'd bring Monique along, if you were up to it."

I flopped back on the bed, my head reeling from what I'd just heard. In a matter of days, I went from a dry spell too long to count, to having more pussy than I could possibly handle. The only thing I could do was hold on for the ride, and hope I survived. The thought of Lori, Lola and Monique naked and in my bed brought my cock back to life, and Lori wasted no time in putting it to good use. She sat up, and straddled my waist. She guided my cock into her hot pussy, and rode me hard. Her big tits bounced above me, and I grabbed hold and squeezed her nipples. Lori ground her pussy on my cock, and covered my crotch with her juices.

Lori was bouncing on my cock like crazy, really giving herself a proper fucking. Her body shook in a way that just made me hornier, and as she wound down from yet another orgasm, I rolled her off of me.

"On your knees, woman. I want to take you from behind."

Lori moaned, and rolled quickly to her knees. Her big ass was up in the air in front of me, and I buried my face in it. I ran my tongue along her tight hole, and she pushed back at me. I ate her pussy and ass until she was coming again, and then buried my cock to the hilt in her snatch. She cried out in surprise, but immediately reared back to take as much as she could. I really gave Lori a pounding, her ass shaking and wiggling in my hands. Her big tits were flopping under her, and she was face down in the pillow, crying my name. The whole thing got to be too much for me, and I grunted my way through a monster of an orgasm. Lori collapsed on her stomach and rolled over, and I flopped down next to her on the bed.

"Damn, woman. You are a first-class piece of ass, if I do say so myself."

"I'll take that as a compliment, as I'm sure you meant it. After all, I'm more than a piece of ass!"

"Damn straight you are. You've got great tits too!"

We laughed, and she smacked my chest.

"Seriously, Lori, that was incredible. I never realized just how much fun sex could be. It was always pretty vanilla with the ex. Of course, I know why, now."

Lori leaned over to me and gently kissed me on the lips.

"Eric, you are a great guy, and I'm really going to enjoy being your friend. With benefits, of course."

"Of course. I'm always willing to share my benefits with a beautiful woman such as you."

"And Lola. And Monique. And any of the other girls that get wind of you."

"The least I can do, really..."

We laughed, and over the next few hours, we explored each other's bodies further. I drove her home late that night, and we promised to talk again soon. On the drive back to my house, I reflected on all of the things that had happened to me over the last several days. Not only had I met several new women, I'd slept with many of them, and had the chance to sleep with many more of them. The old me would be home in bed, sound asleep next to a cold-hearted bitch of a wife. I think I like the new me better...