 Author's Notes: 

To get the best out of this story, I would advise you to start from Ch.01.

Conversations that took place in Hindi are recorded as such in italics, immediately followed by a translation in English. Readers familiar with Hindi might find it rewarding to read through the original Hindi conversations. Others can conveniently skip them. 

Although he had never tried anal sex till then and wasn't even sure whether he'd actually like to do it, he was nevertheless intrigued and excited by Kajal's obvious enjoyment when he'd fingered her anus a couple of times. He knew that if at all he wanted to try something, he'd have to do it soon, before she got married. He had read that copious lubrication was essential for a woman to enjoy anal sex. So, he bought a half kilo pack of butter. While it was hard, he cut it into several pieces and shaped and whittled them into roughly bullet shaped suppositories, about three quarters of an inch across and about a couple of inches long. He wrapped them individually in wax paper and stored them in the freezer, ready for use at a suitable opportunity.

***

Savita and Kajal who were always close, grew even closer as their illicit relationship with their neighbor Shyam progressed. Sharing their bodies with the same man somehow engendered a camaraderie that they had never felt before. Even so, some curious shared inhibition didn't allow them to talk about it with each other. Although there was not a trace of jealousy between them, that didn't mean that there wasn't a bit of friendly rivalry for Shyam's attention, particularly on Kajal's part, and that sometimes drove her to do unusual things... 

***

The layout of Savita's apartment was a bit different from Shyam's. The entrance opened into the living room. There was a door leading to the balcony straight ahead. The balcony looked out onto the main street below. Off a bit to the right of the living room was a small kitchen. The kitchen was open, with only a waist high partition running between it and the living room. The cooking platform ran along the outer wall of the kitchen. To the right was a small passage leading straight to the single bedroom. On the left side of the main passage was a little side passage. A tiny wash basin was accommodated in there. Also located in the side passage were two doors, one leading to the bathroom and the other to the loo. There was no toilet attached to the bedroom. A person looking in through the steel grilled security door at the entrance could see the entire living room and kitchen, but the passage and bedroom entrance were not visible. A person working at the cooking platform would have her back to the apartment and would have to turn to look at persons sitting in the living room or at the tiny dining table placed right behind the platform. However the passage or bedroom door was not visible to a person working at the cooking platform.

One day, around 8:30 in the morning, Shyam was sipping a cup of tea in Savita's apartment, sitting at the dining table. This happened only occasionally, since normally he would be keen to shower and go to bed as soon as he could upon returning from work. Savita being the lady of the house had been up early and bustled about with her chores while keeping up a conversation with Shyam. Kajal and the baby were nowhere to be seen, presumably still asleep in the bedroom. (Whenever Kantibhai, Savita's hubby was away on tour, Kajal slept in the bedroom with Savita and the baby. Otherwise, she would sleep in the living room, where old Ba too slept). Ba as usual was sitting in the living room, busy with her prayer beads, oblivious to her surroundings. 

After a while, Shyam heard a stirring from the bedroom. He looked to his right and saw Kajal who had just woken up and was standing at the bedroom door, rubbing sleep out of her eyes. Kajal too spotted him at the same time and suddenly her sleep vanished. She smiled at Shyam and gestured at him to keep quiet. She didn't yet want Savita to know that she was up. She continued to stand at the bedroom door, stretching and yawning. She wore a comfortable cotton house coat, a modest, loose, cover all garment reaching all the way down to her ankles. The half sleeved housecoat probably belonged to Savita, since it had buttons running down the front up to the navel, making it convenient for her to open it to breast feed her baby. It was amazing how sexy Kajal managed to look even in a house coat, one of the dowdiest garments ever invented. 

Shyam continued to chat with Savita, stealing an occasional glance at the bedroom door. The moment Kajal caught his attention; she puckered her lips and leaned forward a little, inviting a kiss. He immediately looked away, trying his best to ignore Kajal and continue his conversation with Savita. Soon, his eyes again wandered towards the bedroom door. By then Kajal had undone the top two buttons of the house coat and her fingers were on the third. She licked her lips suggestively as Shyam looked at her. He once again looked away, his cock rapidly hardening. He tried to catch the thread of his conversation with Savita again, but she sensed that his attention had wandered.

"Shyam Bhai, neend aa rahi hai kya?"

"Shyam Bhai, are you sleepy?" Savita asked.

"Nahi nahi. Aisi koi baat nahi." 

"No, no. It's nothing." Shyam said, readjusting his position to accommodate his stiff cock. 

When he looked again, Kajal had undone four buttons and her hand was inside the housecoat, lightly massaging a breast. She smiled wickedly at Shyam. Then she slowly pulled one side of the house coat open, gradually baring her plump, pretty shoulder and then paused. Shyam couldn't take his eyes off her and swallowed nervously as he tried to conceal his arousal, his heart beating fast and blood rushing to his face. Kajal waited and enjoyed Shyam's discomfiture. Then she slowly resumed peeling the housecoat down until a full, round breast was completely bared. She wasn't wearing a bra underneath and Shyam could see that her nipple was engorged, no doubt because in trying to arouse Shyam, she had also aroused herself.

"Hey Bhagwan, yeh ladki ab tak jagi nahi hai! Kajal! Chal uth, aur kitni soyegi? Kal shaadi hone ke baad aise soyegi toh sasural wale kya kahenge?"

"Oh God! Hasn't this girl woken up yet? Kajal!! Rise and shine! If you sleep like this after your marriage, what'll your in-laws say?" Savita shouted at Kajal when she realized that it was almost 9 O'clock in the morning. 

"Ji Didi, mein kab ki jag uthi hoon. Bus abhi taiyar ho kar aati hoon." 

"Yes Didi, I've been awake for a while. I'll be ready and out in a jiffy." Kajal called out, quickly buttoning up the house coat and winking at Shyam. 

Kajal then emerged from the bedroom and stood at the washbasin, brushing her teeth. Every once in a while she puckered her lips at Shyam, offering him a foamy, toothpasty kiss. In reply, Shyam shook a fist at her when Savita wasn't looking.

"Bhabi, ab main chalta hoon. Zara aram kar loon."

"Bhabi, I'll leave now. I need to rest." Shyam said. 

"Bhaiya merey liye do minute rukiye na. Main abhi bahar aa rahi hoon."

"Bhaiya, please wait a couple of minutes for me. I'm just getting ready." Kajal called out. 

So Shyam waited, not wanting to appear churlish. Kajal hadn't finished torturing him yet. She again went into the bedroom and stood at the door, facing him. As he looked on hypnotized, she slowly gathered up the house coat with her hands, raising the hem to her knees, then up her thighs and then a further few tantalizing inches till her hairy, triangular pubis was revealed in all its glory. She lewdly thrust her hips out at him, then straightened, turned around and bent forward to bare her plump round buttocks. She once again straightened and pulled the house coat off. For a fleeting moment, she stood completely naked, her back towards him, before disappearing inside the bedroom. A few minutes later she emerged, dressed in a salwar kameez, a dupatta demurely wrapped around her shoulders, her face fresh and innocent. 

She sat down at the table beside Shyam and Savita served steaming cups of tea to them both. Shyam protested that he'd already had enough and wouldn't be able to sleep if he had another cup of tea, but Savita and Kajal would have none of it and finally he had to acquiesce. As Kajal made innocent small talk with Savita and Shyam, her hand wandered under the table on to Shyam's thigh, slowly moving to his crotch. For a while, he kept perfectly still, even holding his breath as her fingers brushed the bulge in his trousers. Then he abruptly got up, made his excuses and hurried back to his apartment, hoping that nobody had noticed the bulge in his trousers. Although he was highly aroused, he decided not to wank off. He wanted to preserve his energy for later in the day, to teach Kajal a lesson she wouldn't forget in a hurry. The image of her bare, sexy round rump kept recurring before his eyes... 

***

Once again, after finishing lunch Shyam hauled up a slab of ice to his apartment and set it up on the kitchen platform. He removed the butter suppositories from the freezer and placed them on the ice slab, within easy reach. He also arranged a pillow and a pancha (coarse, thin cotton towel) in the kitchen. He knocked on Savita's door and invited both sisters into his apartment. This time, both were ready and waiting for him to call, dressed in their best clothes and wearing light makeup. He also caught a whiff of light floral perfume. Kajal carried the sleeping baby in her arms while Savita brought in trays filled with spices. Like all good Gujarati housewives, she too bought a year's supply in summer. Since Shyam's balcony faced due west and caught the sun in the afternoons, she had decided to use it to dry the spices while they were in his apartment. It added a nice homely touch too, she thought.

"Kajal chal, ab tujhe agla sabak sikhayen."

"Kajal come, let's teach you the next lesson." He said as Savita went into the balcony to spread the spices out to dry. Kajal could never have suspected what lesson he was about to teach her.

Kajal placed the sleeping baby on the divan and switched on the TV. She glanced surreptitiously at Savita who was out on the balcony, before following Shyam into the kitchen. The dining table and chairs had been restored to their places in the kitchen and the table fan blowing over the ice slab had cooled down the air quite a bit. Shyam stood leaning against the cooking platform. He was still in his street clothes; he hadn't even taken off his shoes yet, something that he usually did immediately upon coming home. She rushed to him but he stopped her in her tracks with a gesture of his hand.

"Jaao, pehle dono darwaze bandh kar ke aao."

"First go and close both doors." He commanded, referring to the door between the living room & passage and the door to the kitchen. She was a bit puzzled by this, but nevertheless complied.

"Kyon Kajal, aaj subah tujhe kya ho gaya tha? Kaisi besharmi se bartav kar rahi thi!" 

"Kajal, what was the matter with you in the morning? You were behaving so shamelessly!" Shyam scolded her upon her return. 

"Kyon Shyam Bhaiya, maine aisa kya kiya aaj subah?" 

"Tell me Shyam Bhaiya, what did I do in the morning?" She asked innocently.

"Kya yeh bhi mujhe batana hoga? Ekdum ek bar mein nachnewali sarikha bartav tha tumhara!"

"You mean I've to explain what you did wrong? Why, you behaved like a bar dancer!" Shyam shouted. At first she thought he was just putting on an act, but he looked really so angry that she suddenly became confused and got a sinking feeling in her stomach. 

"Bhaiya, main toh aise hi aap se mazak kar rahi thi. Aap sachhi gussa ho gaye?"

"Bhaiya, I was just joking with you. You really got angry?" She asked anxiously, her lips trembling.

"Haan, tumne itni gandi harkat ki hai ki mai sach much bahut naraz hoon. Tumhe iski saza milni chahiye." 

"Yes, you've behaved so badly that I'm really angry with you. You deserve to be punished." Shyam replied. 

"Bhaiya, aap please mujhe maaf kijiye. Mai aisa phir kabhi nahi karoongi. Aap jo chahen woh saza dijiye, lekin mujhpar naraz na rahiye!"

"Bhaiya, please forgive me. I'll never do it again. Give me whatever punishment you want, but don't be angry with me!" Kajal said, bursting into tears.

"Toh tum kisi bhi saza ke liye taiyar ho?"

"So are you ready for any punishment?" He asked, and she nodded dumbly, still sobbing.

"Thik hai, toh ab apne aap ko saza paane ke liye taiyar karo."

"OK, prepare yourself for the punishment." Shyam said. She again nodded and waited for his instructions.

"Pehle apna blouse utaro."

"Take off your blouse." He instructed. 

Ah! So that's the kind of punishment he has in mind; she thought. Well, let's play along and see what it leads to; she said to herself. She took off her pallu and started unbuttoning her blouse.

"Ruko! Kitni besharam ho! Pallu ko apne danton me pakad kar uski aad mein blouse utaro."

"Wait! How can you be so shameless! Hold the pallu between your teeth and take off the blouse behind it." He told her, and she complied quietly, her eyes downcast. She shrugged the unbuttoned blouse off her shoulders and then peeled it down her arms.

"Ab apni bra utaro. Pallu ko waise hi pakad ke rakho."

"Now take your bra off. Keep holding up the pallu." He told her. She unhooked her bra, her breasts thrusting forward as she reached behind her, then shrugged the bra off. 

"Ab pallu ko theek se lapeto aur apni panty utaro."

"Wrap your pallu properly and take off your panties." He instructed. 

She complied, bending and raising the hem of the sari, then reaching inside to grasp her panties. He enjoyed the sight of Kajal struggling awkwardly to take off her panties while still keeping the pallu on her naked breasts and baring as little of her thighs as possible. She was finally through with the calisthenics and the panties lay near her feet. She waited for further instructions, eyes averted. All this while, Shyam was leaning against the cooking platform. Then he casually sat on a chair and pulled her down across his lap, face down. She didn't know what to expect and put up a bit of a struggle as he raised her sari up. He swatted her across her thighs to restrain her.

"Hilo mat aur chup chap raho!" 

"Don't move and be quiet!" He commanded her.

He then moved the sari up until her plump, full buttocks were bared before his eyes. He moved his hands over the silky skin of her round buns. Underneath the smooth skin, they were tight and muscular. He kept caressing and fondling her buttocks, once in a while squeezing them hard and even pinching them.

"Kajal meri jaan, teri chootad kitni chikni hai! Usko dabane mein bahut maza aa raha hai. Jee karta hai ki usse choom loon. Lekin ab tumhe saza dene ka waqt ho gaya hai. Taiyar ho?"

"Kajal my darling, your ass is so smooth! It's a pleasure to fondle it. In fact I feel like kissing it, but it's now time for your punishment. Are you ready?" He asked. 

By now Kajal knew what was coming. She braced herself and nodded as he lazily continuing to caress her buttocks. Suddenly, Shyam raised his hand and swatted her ass with his open palm, and a resounding slap echoed through the little kitchen. Kajal was caught off guard and screamed out loud. But she cut it off midway by burying her mouth against Shyam's thigh. 

"Bahut laga kya? Aise chillaogi toh poori building ko pata chal jayega. Yeh lo."

"Did it hurt? If you scream like this, the whole building will come to know. Here, take this." He said and offered her the balled up end of her pallu, which she inserted in her mouth to muffle any more screams. He resumed caressing her smooth ass, crooning sweet nothings to her and then suddenly, landed another hard slap on her bottom. He heard her muffled scream and felt a shiver pass through her slender frame. 

"Dekho, jyada dard hua toh haath upar kar ke mujhe rok dena. Thik hai?"

"Look, if you find the pain too much, raise your hand and stop me, OK?" Shyam instructed her and again she nodded. 

Over the next ten minutes or so, Shyam continued to land open handed slaps on her fleshy rump. Between the slaps, he gently caressed and fondled her ass and her bare back, whispering and crooning to her. Her screams were soon replaced by more or less continuous moans and she started sweating profusely. He ass became hot to the touch, although her dark brown skin didn't show up any reddening or bruises. He also felt her warm pussy juices drip and wet his trousers at his thigh. She was fully aroused and rubbed her pussy against him as she lay across his lap. He was mesmerized by the way her ass bounced and shook in response to his slaps. She sobbed & moaned and her eyes were tearful but she didn't stop him at any time. At last, Shyam stopped. He bent and kissed her bare back, her pallu having shifted to one side. 

"Kajal meri jaan, ab kafi sazaa ho gayi. Chal uth aur apne mard ki seva kar."

"My darling Kajal, that's enough punishment. Come, serve your man now." He said, helping her to her feet.

She stood before him as he continued to lounge in the chair. She wrapped her pallu tightly around her shoulders and tucked its end into her waist band. She then bent and unbuttoned his shirt and helped him out of it, running her fingers through his thick, curly chest hair. She noticed that he still had his shoes on. She knelt at his feet, undid the laces and removed his shoes and socks. Then she got up, fetched the pancha, soaked it in ice cold water and lovingly laved his feet with it. She loosened the free end of her pallu from her waistband and dried Shyam's feet with her pallu. In the process, her pallu slid off her shoulders and her beautiful, sexy breasts peeped out from under it. She lovingly kissed the soles of his feet and rubbed them over her face. She then held the soles of his feet tightly against her bare breasts, closing her eyes as she savored their rough, cool touch against her silky skin. Shyam was very pleased with Kajal's actions and his hard cock strained against the tight confines of his shorts.

"Chal, ab mera lund choos."

"Come, suck my cock." He commanded huskily.

She unbuckled his belt, unbuttoned the waistband of his trousers and unzipped his fly. She then reached inside through the waistband of his shorts and gently eased out his hard, drooling cock. She rubbed its wet head against her face and deeply inhaled the masculine scent of his cock. All this time, Shyam's hips twitched impatiently, waiting for her hot, wet mouth to engulf his cock. At last, he felt her warm breath on the head of his cock as she pulled back his foreskin and hovered over it with her mouth wide open. 

"Aahhh… Kajal meri jaan! Khoob chooso aur chato merey lund ko!"

"Aahhh… My darling Kajal! Lick and suck my cock!" Shyam sighed as he closed his eyes and moved his hips to thrust his cock in her mouth. 

She applied herself diligently to the task at hand, licking up and down his shaft, not minding the rough edges of his zipper rubbing against her soft cheeks. Her tongue flicked all around his wet cock head, licking up the sticky pre-cum dribbling out of his slit. She engulfed his cock with her mouth, taking it as deep as she could, closing her lips around his shaft and sucking on it as the cock head hit against the back of her throat.

"Haan. Aise hi usko apne gale ke andar le lo. Gala dheela chhod do."

"Yess… That's it. Relax your throat and take it right in!" He encouraged her, stroking her hair and caressing her face. She struggled gamely to swallow his cock, but try as she might, she couldn't make much headway. Shyam then thought up another way. He pulled out of her mouth and stood up, raising her on to her feet. He positioned the small (4' x 2') table so that the short edge rested against a wall.
