 Over the next few days, I kept in touch with both Lori and Lola, and the three of us agreed to go to the lounge on Saturday night. Lori hadn't been there for a while, after an ugly confrontation with Becky. Lola and I convinced her she'd be safe with us, and she finally relented. I invited both ladies to come to the house early on Saturday, and hang out by the pool with me. Lola asked if she could bring Monique along, and being the relatively intelligent man I like to think I am, I immediately agreed.

It seemed like the next couple of days simply crawled along, waiting for Saturday morning. I actually went to the effort of hiring a cleaning lady for the day on Friday, knowing I'm not the cleanest man in the world. The agency I called promised to have her at the house by 9am on Friday morning. Being a guy, I promptly forgot I had called. Friday morning rolled around, and the doorbell rang a few minutes before 9, and I stumbled to the door. I opened the door, and there was an older woman wearing jeans and a tank top on my porch. Morning mental fog still surrounded my head, and I didn't have a clue who she was. All I knew for sure was that I was in lust, instantly. 

This woman had the body of a nubile goddess. She had big, bountiful breasts, and a wide, plump body. My cock twitched in my shorts, and since that was all I was wearing, she had to have noticed. She grinned, and my cock twitched again.

"Good morning, sir. My name is Lucy, and I'm the maid the agency sent over. Perhaps you'd like to show me where to begin?"

I introduced myself, and apologized for my appearance. She smiled, and said it was nothing. She told me of a time where the man who hired her was wearing a leather studded codpiece, and little else. She said it wouldn't have been such a big deal, but that it was pretty obvious he was stuffing the codpiece.

"What makes you say that?"

"I could see the edges of the sock sticking out. He made a move on me, and when I pointed out that I could see the sock, he left me alone the rest of the day. He also tipped me about twice what I had expected, which is always nice."

We laughed, and her tits jiggled nicely in her top. I tried my best to think of other things, just to keep my cock from springing to attention. I succeeded for the most part, but I know she saw my cock twitching again. I excused myself to shower and get dressed, and happened to catch Lucy checking me out as I walked away. We made eye contact, and she grinned. I laughed, and jumped in the shower.

I made myself busy, checking my business interests, and responding to emails, that type of thing. One of the things I received when my divorce settlement came in was ownership of several small businesses, mostly fast food franchises. These were bought by my ex-wife as an investment, and before we split, she had planned on selling them. When I got them in the divorce, I hired a management team, and kept them. The team I had in place ran things very well, and all I ever had to do was sign off on various paperwork, and show up in the office once or twice a month.

Once I finished my paperwork, I grabbed a towel, and headed down to the pool. Lucy was hard at work in the living room, running the vacuum. I stood and watched her move for a few minutes, admiring her well-rounded, shapely ass. I was so engrossed in watching her move, I didn't move quickly enough when she shut the vacuum off, and she caught me watching her.

"Enjoying the view, are we?"

She didn't seem to be even slightly upset; rather, she was highly amused, and if the size of her nipples was any indication, she was somewhat aroused. Of course, the thought of that made my cock twitch yet again, and again, she noticed.

"I can't help it, Lucy. I enjoy looking at beautiful women, and you are definitely a beautiful woman."

She blushed, and then grinned.

"Thank you for that, Eric. I do have work to do, however, and another appointment later in the day."

"I'll let you get to it, then. If you feel like taking a quick break, come out by the pool and relax. I won't tell anyone."

We laughed, and I went out to the pool. I swam a few laps, and then grabbed a raft, to just float in the pool for a little while. I was daydreaming, enjoying the thought of what the weekend had in store, when I heard Lucy's voice.

"Eric? You should be careful, you don't want to get burned out there."

"I'm about done here. I can only handle so much sun at one time, and I think I've hit my limit."

I pulled myself out of the pool, and Lucy handed me a towel. My earlier thoughts had had an effect on my cock, and it was still pretty much at full attention when I got out of the pool. Lucy noticed, again.

"You know, you really should take care of that thing before someone gets hurt."

I grinned, and she took that as an invitation. She ran her hand along my chest, and down to my cock. It twitched in her hand, and she grinned.

"This thing really does have a mind of its own. I need to teach it a few manners. I hope that's okay with you?"

"You may teach it anything you like, Lucy."

She grinned, and pushed my wet shorts down, freeing my cock to the air. She wasted no time in dropping to her knees and taking it into her mouth. She worked my balls in her hand as she sucked my cock, stroking it with the other hand. I ran my fingers through her hair, and gently held her head in my hands. She gave my cock quite the workout, and before I knew it, she was swallowing everything I had to offer. She gently licked my cock clean, and stood up.

"Anything else I can do for you, Eric?"

"I can think of quite a few things, but don't you have another appointment today?"

"Shit! I do. However, all it takes is a phone call, and the agency will send someone else to the other job. I've done it before. I'll just tell them that there's more to do here that originally thought, and I'll need more time to finish the job."

"You can use the phone in the office if you like."

"I'll be right back."

She almost ran into the house, and again, I found myself marveling over the changes in my lifestyle. Here I was, sitting by the pool after having my cock sucked by an older woman I'd just met, and she was clearing her schedule so she could spend the rest of the day at my house. Life can be so wonderful...

"All set. I'm free for the rest of the afternoon."

I turned to look at her, and she had already stripped naked before coming outside. Her tits were big, and hung proudly down her chest. She was a natural woman, having a thick thatch of dark pubic hair at her crotch, and her legs were unshaven as well.

"As you can probably guess, it's been a while since a man had looked at me the way you do, and I got tired of shaving for nothing. I hope I don't offend you..."

My response was to pull her closer to me, and bury my face in her crotch. I could smell her arousal, and she was wet with anticipation. I pulled her down onto my face, and ate that hairy pussy like a starving man with a steak. She ground her cunt all over my face, and all at once, her juices gushed down my face as she exploded into an orgasm. She moaned and cried out, and I kept the pressure on, licking and sucking her wet pussy for all it was worth. 

Several orgasms later, she lifted herself off my face, and sprawled out on the lounge chair next to mine, totally spent.

"My God, I haven't been eaten like that in years. You must get a lot of practice at that to be that good."

"I don't know if I'd say that, but I do enjoy doing it. I firmly believe a woman deserves as much pleasure as a man, and I'll do what I can to provide that."

"Mmmm. Right now, I'd like you to provide me with that cock of yours. Think that's a possibility? Can you put that thing to use?"

My response was to get up and move behind her. She lifted up to her knees, and presented her wide sexy ass to me. I ran my cock along the edges of her slit, and all at once, slipped it deep inside of her.

"Oh, my God, that feels so good, baby. Fuck me hard and fast, baby, really give it to me. I need a good fucking so badly."

"Your wish is my command, sexy."

I pulled my cock almost completely out, and slammed it back in. I really pounded this woman hard and fast, just as she had asked. I could feel her body sway with each thrust, and I reached under to grab those massive funbags as they dangled freely. She groaned as my hands squeezed her tits, and I felt her juices run down my leg as she orgasmed again.

My own orgasm was building up, and I told her so. She pushed me away, and rolled over on her back.

"I want to watch you come, baby. Do it all over my big titties, Eric. Come on my tits."

I moved up and she squeezed her tits around my cock. All it took was a few thrusts, and I exploded. My come covered her big tits, and she rubbed it in and licked it off of her nipples. I collapsed beside her, and we lay there together for a few minutes, before she got up and dove into the pool. I followed, and swam next to her. We kissed for the first time, and I could taste my own seed on her tongue.

"So, Eric, do you think you might need maid service on a regular basis?"

"I'm thinking if this is part of the service, absolutely!"

"I'll make you a deal. Fuck me like this once a week, and I'll clean your house for free. No strings, no bullshit. I don't want a steady relationship, and I'm sure you don't want to be saddled with an old lady like me. Sex for cleaning. What do you say?"

"First of all, I don't think of you as old. You're a very attractive and sexy lady, and I'm very lucky to have gotten to meet you. Having said that, no, I don't want a steady relationship. I'm having too much fun right now to be saddled down with anyone. So, yes, we have a deal. You clean my house, and I'll be more than happy to make love to you whenever you like. Deal?"

"Deal!"

We shook on it, which turned into a kiss, which turned into me eating her pussy again, which turned into me fucking her in the ass. When she finally left later that evening, after finishing up the house cleaning in the nude, we had added that provision to the agreement. Neither of us would wear clothing around the other. As I went to bed that night, I thought about the changes in my life sexually. All I really knew for sure was, my ex would have a fit if she knew what I was doing now, and whom I was doing it with. Did I care? Nope, not really. I have to admit, I was tempted to arrange for her to find out, but I didn't really want to open that particular can of worms.

I drifted off to sleep, thinking of Lucy, and Lola, and Lori, and Monique. Surprisingly, even Becky entered my dreams. I have to admit, I'd like to get my hands on those massive sweater puppies she carried around, but the odds of that were pretty slim. Still, there were a lot of other big beautiful women out there, and I was going to get to know as many as I could, without being a man whore, that is. I do have standards, after all...

Once again, feel free to send me feedback, or share your own BBW fantasies with me. I love the look and feel of big beautiful women, and I know there are a lot of men out there that do, as well as a lot of women. These stories are always dedicated to the BBW's I've known and loved, as well as to those I have yet to meet.