 She was face up on the bed and her eyes were covered.

With the blindfold on she couldn't see anything at all, and her tied hands, behind her back, were uncomfortable under her body on the bed. She shifted, rolled, and turned sideways, resting her arms out and bending a knee to hold herself in position. The filmy panties slipped a little, rubbing on her, and she knew she was presenting a view. 

Hands touched her side and hip, palms flat on the silky camisole top. She shivered, from anticipation and slight nervousness. A small wriggle of fear and arousal went through her lower body, and she felt herself getting wet, very quickly. She had to wonder if he could smell her in the room. She felt overwhelmingly warm.

He straddled her outstretched lower leg, positioning himself for fucking her. She knew from there he could get deep, and pound her as hard as he wanted or felt like, keeping her pinned down. Fingers slithered along the soft outer lips of her pussy, through the fabric, and she got wetter still. She was anticipating being fucked, nailed, violated. She suddenly wanted a cock, his cock, inside her body, as hard as it could get. She didn't care about gentleness or foreplay this time out. She was tied up, restrained, blindfolded, and was his to fuck.

She felt dirty and more than a little nasty, and the idea of him ramming her pussy with his hard cock made her lick her lips. She wanted him to fuck her, to be brutal and harsh, and she got a little dizzy. She mouthed an obscene word, silently, and then he was removing her panties. She couldn't wait to get the damn things off and his cock in her. 

He rather roughly yanked her underwear off, the expensive, delicate white panties she'd worn for effect, and flipped her leg back over, bending the knee and holding the calf to the bed surface with a strong hand. She didn't fight at all; she wanted it, wanted this. With one hand on her leg, he put the other on her back and shoved her into the sheets. His balls brushed her inner thigh, the tip of his cock touched her lips, and then he was slipping inside her wet pussy. He gasped, and she knew she felt hot and tight and good. She clenched a little, pressing around him, a trick she was proud of, and as he pulled back for a real pounding fuck, her pussy pulled along his shaft, making her moan with pleasure. 

He waited, just for a second, then shoved forward with his whole weight, ramming into her soft, yielding pussy, gripping her skin and body with large, powerful hands and fucking her. He did it again, then again, and then he was in a rough rhythm, slamming her, fucking her, making her shift and writhe on the bed. She made a noise, formed a word, and he moved his hands. He gripped the ankle of her bent leg and pushed her leg up further, and got in her deeper. She felt him inside her, fucking, and felt like she was being impaled somehow, roughly, brutally, and yelled some. The base of his cock was thick, larger than she'd thought, and when he pounded into her, her pussy spread wide and clenched and slipped around his cock. She had to yell out as he fucked her. 

She was being shoved up the bed, being physically moved, and as he fucked her harder she felt her head bury in the pile of pillows at the head of the bed. She was blind, wrists crossed and tied, being pounded in her pussy and wriggling, she thought suddenly, like a little whore crazy for cock. She had a flash of girls she'd known, the slut girls and how they were always so obsessed with guys' dicks and fucking in general, and she had a flash she knew why, now. She shoved back on his cock as best she could, fucking back on his thick cock, wanting him to fuck the shit out of her. She had to say it, the first word she'd said at all.

"Fuck my pussy!"

He did it, slamming her body, yanking her against his crotch. She could feel wetness on his lower belly, and knew she was so wet she was coating his skin. She was soaking. She could feel droplets dripping from her, tickling her pubic hair, making her itch and flush with lust. He shifted his hands again, this time gripping her ass with one hand, palming and grasping her round ass and exposing her completely. The other hand he slapped on her torso, right next to her breast, and his fingers dug into the soft, fleshy side of her. 

He kept fucking her, hard, gripping her body with strong fingers, making her gasp in a sensation of almost-pain but good warmth and control. She wanted him to want her, to fuck her out of uncontrollable lust. She felt slutty and wanton and sexual, an organic, sensate being with a single need and desire. She felt a spasm around his cock, and knew, incredibly, she was going to come from being pounded like this, fucked and used. 

She came. It was good, hard but not too much, and a shock went up her back this time, following her spine into her head and exploding in a star that made her see spots under the blindfold. Her hands twitched uncontrollably in the ties, and she knew her legs would be jerking around a lot if they weren't being held down, restrained. He kept fucking her after her orgasm, and she felt something else coming, some kind of motion, and had an incoherent flash of wild lust mixed with sudden terror. She felt a shot of adrenaline and some kind of hormone blast through her body, and she shook all over.

He pounded her again, and she came, this time unexpectedly and very hard; it took her breath away for a few seconds, and she flipped under his hands, trying without success to fight him without meaning to. She knew that at this point in time, right now, she wanted to be dominated and controlled, fucked and used for her body. He held her down while she came and struggled in a blind haze, fucking her brutally and roughly. She felt wetness rippling on her thighs and knew she was so aroused her body was reacting out of control. Her mind was going blank when he bent over her, tightened his grip on her body to the point of discomfort, and came inside her.

He gasped, fucking her while hot come spurted inside her pussy and wet body, holding her legs and body down. That hurt, just enough, keeping her in the moment, and the mix of his semen shooting inside her and the wetness and sweat, the sensual loss of time, all confused with mild pain, made her yell out loud. It went out of control, and she was thrashing and shaking, fighting him while he fucked and came in her, spurting semen in and on her, fucking. 

She was coated with her own wetness, sweat, and his come. She felt drops of the mixture slide gently across her thigh and come to rest under her body, making the bed wet in small spots. She knew she smelled like pussy and come. He stayed inside her for a little bit, finishing off, emptying out the last of himself, and she came down from her state slowly, trembling and breathing hard.

He let go of her body, although she really didn't want him to; she had to try hard not to beg him to restrain her still. She almost begged. She couldn't believe it. Then, reluctantly, she let him untie her hands. She heard and felt him get off the bed and stand up, then walk out of the room. She stayed where she was, hands behind her, thinking and relaxing, processing the event. Then she took off the blindfold, checked the time, and got up. She was messy, although it didn't bother her at all; it felt good, very good, to be the way she was at that second. 

They had reservations in an hour. She looked over at the clothes she'd laid out and fingered her ring. She thought she'd better shower, and she went into the bathroom to wash up, feeling warm and sexual.