 Monday morning, after a long weekend of sex and debauchery. There's nothing better than spending a quiet morning in bed, just relaxing and rebuilding stamina and energy. The only problem with that idea? Sherrie had no intentions of allowing me to rest. The woman is completely insatiable, and wants sex constantly. Fortunately for me, she's a big fan of oral sex, so when I just can't get it up anymore, I can dive into that sweet pussy and satisfy her for a little while. I have to be honest, however. I love every second of it. Coming from an almost completely sexless marriage, into an open relationship with a sexually relaxed, morally casual woman with big tits and a plush plump ass was worth its weight in gold to me.

We were in the living room, naked, just hanging out and talking, when the doorbell rang. Sherrie and I were both into nudity, and almost never wore clothing unless we were going out. I grabbed a pair of shorts, and she ran upstairs, not wanting to put clothes on at all. I went over and opened the door, and for the first time in quite a while, found myself completely speechless. My ex-wife was standing there, looking actually pretty good. She's actually put on some weight, and it seemed like it all went to her tits and hips.

"Eric. I'm sorry to just barge in on you, but I needed someone to talk to, and whatever our problems, I've always felt comfortable talking to you. Do you have some free time?"

"Uh, yeah. Come on in. You look good, Connie. Better than I've seen you look for a long time."

"I've put on close to 40 pounds in the last several months, and I haven't quite figured out why. I've had to buy a whole new wardrobe to accommodate the weight, but I actually like the way I look. I feel more like a real woman, I guess."

We went into the den, and I offered her a drink. While I was fixing it, I let her know I wasn't alone in the house.

"Connie, just so you know, I do have company. I've started seeing someone, and she's upstairs right now. I don't want you to leave, but you needed to know that."

"I see. I guess I shouldn't be surprised that you're seeing someone. You never did let grass grow under you if you didn't have to."

We laughed a little, and I sat across from her. Over the next couple of hours, she told me why she had come over, and what was going on in her life. Her legal practice was going down the drain, and she had recently realized it was a backlash from our divorce. As it turns out, many of her associates were much more sympathetic to me than they were to her, and they stopped sending referrals her way after the news of her screw job attempt broke. Several of her long-time clients also moved to new offices after that, and her boy toy split when she couldn't keep him in the style he wanted to be kept in. I felt sorry for her, but there was no way in hell I was going to let her know that.

"I guess what I'm hoping you would be able to do for me is let it be known that you don't have any hard feelings for me, Eric. That you have moved on, and that you're not bitter in any way. Hopefully, once that news gets out, a few new referrals will come my way, and I can get things going again."

"I'm not sure I'm prepared to do that, Connie. I can't honestly say that I'm not bitter, or that I've completely moved on. I loved you for a lot of years, Connie, and when you betrayed me, and then tried to ruin me on top of that, it hurt. A lot. My life now is much better, but I still do have some lingering bitterness. Let me think about it for a few days. I know it's not the answer you're looking for, but it's the best I can give you right now. I make no promises, I might not agree to do this. Then again, I might."

"I guess that's the best I can hope for. Thank you for even considering it, Eric. I was afraid you were going to just shoot me down right away. I actually didn't think you would even let me in the door at all. I was expecting the door to slam shut when you saw me."

"I'm not that bitter, Connie. I do still have feelings for you, after all. If I can work them out, I'll do what I can for you, I promise."

She left, and I found myself actually somewhat at odds with myself over her situation. Part of me wanted to make her suffer for what she put me through, but part of me actually wanted to do whatever I could to help her, in the off chance of actually getting back into her pants one more time. The extra weight she was carrying really made her an attractive woman. Before, she was almost rail thin, and while attractive, had an air of superiority about her. Now, she seemed more natural, more vulnerable, and that appealed to me.

I went upstairs to find Sherrie, and found her sprawled across my bed, asleep. I dropped my shorts, and quietly crawled up between her legs. I gently ran my tongue along her snatch, slowly bringing her to full arousal. She moistened quickly, and her clit stiffened under my tongue. My own cock was rock hard by this point, so I moved up o position myself at the edge of her pussy, and slid my cock in slowly. Just as I achieved full penetration, Sherrie opened her eyes slowly, and smiled.

"That's one hell of a n ice wake up call, lover. Don't stop what you're doing just because I'm awake. Please, continue, baby."

I didn't need encouragement, and gave Sherrie a slow, deep thorough fucking. I actually found myself picturing Connie underneath me briefly, and the thought was enough to cause an immediate eruption of my seed. I shot deep into Sherrie's tight snatch, and collapsed beside her, spent. She curled next to me, and we dozed for a little while. When I woke up, she was gone. I saw a note next to the alarm clock.

'Eric. I didn't want to wake you, but I do have to work in the morning, so it was time for me to head for home. I'll call you later. Sherrie. P.S. Thanks for the incredible weekend. I've never been fucked so thoroughly in my life...'

I smiled, and grabbed a shower.

I spent the next few days dealing with business, and by Friday, had made a decision as to what I was going to do. Friday morning, of course, Rosa came over, and I spent the morning naked with her, giving her an energetic fucking she'd remember for the next week. After she left, I called Connie.

"Connie, it's me. Do you have time in your schedule to see me on Monday? I'll come to you, so that your business partners can see me there. That will get the mouths flapping, and we can plan out a strategy from there."

"So you'll help me?"

"Yes, Connie. I'll do what ever I can to help you."

"Thank you, Eric. I was afraid you'd say no. I'll clear the entire afternoon on Monday for you. Whatever can I do to repay you for this?"

"We can discuss that Monday, Connie. I'll see you then."

I hung up the phone, and the first thought that ran through my head was that she could repay me by letting me fuck that newly plump body of hers. I smiled, knowing that if the opportunity came up, I'd go for it. Meanwhile, I had the weekend to deal with...

Friday and Saturday nights were both spent with the girls at the Butterfly Lounge, and as usual, they both ended with the entire group naked and horny in my hotel suite. I again found myself fucking beautiful women all night long, and spending the day recuperating. Sunday turned into a quiet day, Sherrie being busy with a family function, and the rest of the girls off doing their own thing. I puttered around the house most of the day, and was in the pool when I heard the doorbell ring. I grabbed a robe and made it to the front door just as Connie was getting back into the car.

"I was just about to leave. I didn't know if you were home or not, and I'm so sorry if I'm intruding on anything, but I was hoping you'd have some time to talk?"

"I'm solo tonight. Sherrie's off with her family, and I was just goofing around in the pool. Come on back."

We chatted lightly as we made our way to the pool, and once we got outside, I ushered her to a table near the water. We sat and talked for a while, mostly about nothing, but eventually, Connie asked about my life, and what I was doing now.

"I'm actually enjoying life a lot. I have several new friends, and we spend most weekends together. I kept all of the restaurants, and they're doing really well. I'm at the point where I don't really need to do anything at all, except sign a few papers here and there."

"That's really great, Eric. What I really wanted to know, I guess, is how serious are you and Sherrie? Have you been with her long?"

"Actually, we've only been together a short time, but we seemed to click right from the start. We have something tough to describe, but it works for us. I do have to be honest with you, though. My life has taken some changes in the last couple of months. Things are much different than they were when we were together."

"Like what? I know you're not gay, or else Sherrie is one hell of an actor. That's another thing I've been wondering. When did you get so attracted to big girls? When we met, you wouldn't even consider looking at a woman unless she was skinny and athletic. Now, I see you in a relationship with a girl that, honestly, has to weigh at least 250 lbs, and you seem happier than I've ever known you to be. Frankly, I think I'm a bit jealous."

She was laughing when she said it, but I did sense a hint of sadness at the same time.

"Actually, that's one of the changes. My taste in women has changed. I like women with big bodies. There's just something about a woman carrying extra pounds in all the right places that really gets to me, and I'm doing everything I can to explore that side of myself. The biggest change, though, is that Sherrie and I are in an open relationship, and I do see several other women as well. In fact, just last night, there were four of us in a hotel room by the ocean, doing anything and everything. I'm living a life I never would have thought possible, and loving every second of it."

"Wow. So chubby chicks, group sex...you really have changed. A lot. I'm not sure what to think. Part of me is disgusted by the fact that you're enjoying life so much, yet...part of me is jealous that you are having so much fun. It's obvious that you life is going quite well, and that's what hurts the most. I'm struggling to keep my practice, I have no social life whatsoever, and here you are...happy and successful."

A single tear ran down her face as she said this, and despite myself, my heart went out to her. I reached out and grabbed her hand, making her look me in the eye.

"Connie. There is a part of me that hates you for what you put me through. I have to admit that it was really tempting to leave you hanging when you asked for my help. Fortunately for us both, I know how to admit when I'm wrong, and it would be wrong to not help you. I'm really not the vindictive type, and if I left you hanging, I wouldn't be able to sleep at night."

"I'm glad to hear that, Eric. I really am. I know I have no right to ask this, on top of everything else I've asked, but...do you think we can try to be friends again?"

"On one condition. I have to be honest, Connie. I'm really having a hard time looking at you now, and keeping my hands to myself. I know you don't like the extra weight, but to me, it has made you so much more attractive than I think I've ever seen you. It makes you look soft, and sensual. When you were so thin and fit, you were beautiful, but almost in a severe way. I like you better like this, I really do. My question you, however, is can you handle the fact that I have absolutely no intention of being a one-woman man again. I am having too much fun in my life to give up anything, no matter what."

"I guess if I want to be a part of your life again, I have no choice but to accept that fact, now do I? My question to you is, would you be surprised if I told you I'd like to meet the rest of these women you hang out with? I'm realizing that I need to change my life pretty drastically, and I think sexually would be a good place to start. I'm not promising to be totally into everything, but I'd like to try, if you would let me."

In response, I pulled her close, and for the first time in almost two years, kissed the woman I married with passion and lust. She pulled the robe open, and gasped hen she realized I was naked underneath.

"You've been sitting here naked all this time?"

"That's the last thing. I have come to realize that I much prefer being nude to wearing clothes, and I never dress at home."

"I suppose the girls feel the same way?"

"Of course. I wouldn't have it any other way."

She smiled, and pulled away from me.

"Then I guess I need to strip down in order to fit in, don't I?"

She pulled her shirt over her head, and I saw just how big her tits had gotten. She was a 34B while we were married, and now had to be at least a 38D, if not bigger. She saw my eyes widen at the sight of her boobs, and laughed.

"They're 38DD, in case you were wondering."

I laughed, and sat back to enjoy the show. She slipped the straps down her arms, and turned her back to me. She reached behind and unhooked the bra, letting it fall to the ground. She turned to face me with her hands covering her breasts, and then lifted her hands away. Her areola and nipples had grown along with her tits, and were now huge, standing out clearly against her pale white skin. Connie laughed at the look on my face, and shook them out, making them jiggle and dance.

She wiggled a little more, and undid the snaps on her pants. She turned to push them down, and I noticed she was wearing her usual granny panties. I grinned, and she knew just what I was smiling about.

"I can't help it. I'm just not a big fan of thongs."

"I know, but a thong would look incredible on that ass of yours."

She actually blushed slightly, and stood before me in just those panties. I reached out and pulled her close to me, and my lips found her nipples. I sucked one, then the other as she moaned, and pulled me closer to her. She lowered herself to my lap, grinding against my hard cock, and we kissed again. I ran my hands along her back, and she shivered to my touch. I kissed my way down her body, sucking and kissing each big tit, and lifted her to the table, in order to get between her legs. She spread them willingly, and I could see the damp spot, and knew she was truly wet and ready for me. I tugged at her panties, and before she could react, I ripped them off. She gasped, and before she could do anything else, I guided my cock inside her tight hole.

Connie instantly wrapped her legs around my waist, pulling me tighter, and I fucked her hard and fast. I wanted her to know just what she was getting herself into by wanting to be close to me again, so I held nothing back. Her big tits bounced in time to each thrust of my cock, and she moaned and groaned her way through several orgasms. Connie has always been a gusher, and this time was no exception, as I could feel her juices running down my leg every time she came. I worked her clit with my fingers, intent on giving her as much pleasure as I could before I lost my control and shot my wad.

I turned Connie over, and bent her over the table, and guided my cock back into her wet cunt. She pushed back at me, loving every second of it. I heard her moaning my name, over and over, and that was what sent me over the edge. With one mammoth thrust, I shot my seed deep inside her pussy. I rode out the waves of my orgasm inside of her, and then collapsed back into my chair before my legs gave way. Connie made her way to her own chair and flopped in, obviously as shaky as I was.

"My god, Eric. I haven't been fucked like that in ages. Where did you learn all that?"

I grinned.

"That's what comes of having multiple partners. You learn new things all the time."

Connie laughed, and then shivered.

"Wow, it's getting cold out here. Can we take this inside?"

"Remember the rules. No clothing, ever."

She laughed.

"I don't think I'll have a problem with that at all. I think I'm liking this new you, quite a bit. I do have one question, though. Is there any chance I can meet some of the other girls? I want to see if I can pick up a few pointers from them."

"What kind of pointers?"

"Well, if I'm going to join this harem of women you seem to have acquired, I need to know the ground rules, after all."

"Connie, I don't want to jump into anything."

"Eric, I'm not asking for anything other than access to that cock of yours, and what we discussed earlier. I don't want to trap you into a relationship again. It's obvious that any attempt to do that would just chase you away, and I like having you around too much to let that happen. When things were good between us before, they were really good. I want to recapture that feeling, without the opportunity for the bad. I'm perfectly willing to share you with anyone you want to be with, as long as we get time together as well. Does that sound like a god thing?"

I nodded, not quite sure what to say. It seemed like Connie really had changed, but only time would tell for sure. In the meantime, I was already planning the next get-together with all of the girls. I wanted to see if Connie really felt the way she said she did, or if this was just a plan. Even if it was, I have to admit, Connie's newer, plump body really did make me all hot and bothered. I think I'll let the future take care of itself, and worry about now. Right now, I was going to see if Connie still had all of those great cocksucking skills I seem to remember from way back when...

*

This one sort of wrote itself. I really wasn't planning on having any sort of sexual reunion between Eric and Connie, but it felt right. I think the future will include many interesting things for Eric, and as they come to me, I'll be sure to share them with you...as always, feel free to share your opinions and comments. That's how I'll get better as a writer, you know. And ladies, especially all of you BBW's that read my stories...as always, my stories are dedicated to you, and the incredible beauty you bring to the world...stay sexy.