 All stories are true. The names have been changed to protect the guilty.

Laura is my wife's older sister and while attractive is the least attractive of the four girls. Unlike her other sisters, Laura is full of herself and most times borders on being a bitch. She is married to Gene who is a salesman and who is also a pastor at night and weekends. There is not enough income being a pastor to support them so he continues his sales career. Laura uses her position as the Pastors wife to feel superior to the rest of us and is therefore not too popular. We very rarely socialize with them.

We had been married about fifteen years when Gene and Laura finally were able to move from their apartment to their first house. Instead of hiring a moving company we all agreed to help the move. However, by moving day it was only my wife and I helping the move. My older kids were helping their kids run the tag sale at the road. My wife was going to have to leave at noon to bring my youngest somewhere (I have forgotten where but it doesn't matter.)

By noon, the truck was 80% full and we stopped for pizza. When the pizza was done my wife took my youngest and left to bring her to her activity. It was at this time that Gene announced that he had something come up at the church and had to leave for a few hours. He apologized and I had to hold my temper in check as I was now doing all the work with Laura.

I went back to work, packed up a few more heavy boxes and then loaded up their living room chair. I sat down on the chair to rest for a minute and this is where everything got interesting. Laura came up the ramp carrying another box and I noticed she was now wearing a baseball cap. I have never seen her wear a cap and I have to tell you I think that it is a very sexy look on a woman. I had to stop myself from staring at her.

Laura put the box down and looked up at me. I thought she was going to give me grief about sitting down but she just said kindly, "I want to thank you for all your hard work Pete. Especially now that Gene has abandoned us. What can I do to thank you?"

I laughed and said, "That could be a loaded question. I might possibly get in trouble answering that one."

She looked at me strange and then chuckled, "Well you know I didn't mean THAT!" Then, with a little twinkle in her eye, she said "Just between us though, I am curious where your mind went. What were you going to say?"

I weighed my options for a second and then figured what the hell. I looked directly into her eyes, "You can let me lick the sweat off your neck". I followed that up with a wink.

I was pretty sure I would get yelled at or slapped but instead she silently walked two steps to the back of the truck and peaked out towards the tag sale. She turned back towards me with a little smile on her face and said, "Okay, but I have two conditions. One, you can't touch me with your hands. Put them behind your back. Two, and this goes without saying, we never mention this to anyone."

I quickly agreed and took the two steps to her side. I placed my hands behind my back, put my mouth near her ear and seductively whispered, "Can I start?"

She closed her eyes and stuttered "Go ahead but no hands."

I started slowly on the left side of her neck. I would take long licks that initially ended at her ear which made her quiver slightly. I moved down and started once again with a slow, long lick that ended at her chin. The third time up I went above her chin to the edge of her mouth. As the tip of my tongue hit the side of her lips she opened slightly and started to clamp down. I continued the tease by quickly removing the tip of my tongue from her mouth. It was at this time that I noticed that she had moved her hands from her side to slightly holding my arms.

"Are you almost finished," she asked with definitely a huskier voice.

"Halfway there. When I do a job I aim to satisfy," I answered matter of fact. I repeated the process on her right side and when I got to her mouth inserted a little bit more of my tongue and left it there a little longer than before. When I did this, she pulled me slightly towards her and pushed her groin into me ever so slightly.

At this time, I thought I would push the limit. "There is bead of sweat that is escaping," I said as I drove my tongue down between her breasts. Back and forth between her breasts getting that last drop. She now had her right hand on the back of my neck pushing my face into her breasts. Knowing time was running out I used my tongue for one last slow lick up her neck, over her chin and when I reached her mouth, I inserted it slowly between her lips awaiting her reaction. She responded as I hoped by opening up and with her hand on the back of my head pushed my mouth hard into hers. As our tongues started dancing together, she pushed her breasts into me while grabbing my ass with her free hand and driving what was now my rock-hard member into her groin. How I managed to keep my hands behind my back I will never know.

While this seemed like it was an hour this whole scene lasted only about five minutes before Laura's hands released my ass and my head, broke the kiss and stepped back. "WOW!" she exclaimed. "We had better stop before this goes to far. Come on, let's get back to work." She turned and walked down the ramp back towards the house, leaving me following with an erection and having to quickly formulate a plan.

I caught up to her as we started up the stairs to get more things to bring to the truck. As we reached the landing, I noticed that Laura looked out the window. When I got to the window I noticed that there was a clear sight to the tag sale and fortunately all of the kids were accounted for. I knew exactly what she wanted and I was going to give it to her.

At the top of the stairs she took a left turn into the bedroom where she stopped right in front of the bed. Without looking at me she said "So what do you think we should move next?"

Without saying a word, I walked up behind her, reached around and started fondling her ample breasts while positioning my rock-hard member in her ass crack. She pushed her ass right back into me and looked up at me. "I thought I said no ......." Before she finished that thought I had my tongue down her throat and we were both rapidly removing each other's shorts. She was already sopping wet and I did not want to get caught so I placed her down on the bed, lifted her ankles to my shoulders and drove right into her.

It was genuinely shocking for me to be balls deep inside a Pastors wife who I also genuinely disliked. She had one hand on her breasts with the other massaging her clit. Her eyes were glossed over as she was orgasmic with the pounding her married pussy was taking.

Laura was doing her best to push back against me, and I could feel the walls of the pussy contracting on my cock. I drew back, and pushed in deep again. Laura seemed to really like this. 

I slowed my thrusts. "Oh God, that's incredible. Do it again Pete."

I thrust my cock hard into Laura's soaking pussy, each time getting harder and faster.

Laura was now just lying there, her hands on the bed, eyes closed as I fucked her hard and fast. 

I could feel her legs shake as I pushed deep into her, my cock reaching the depths of my SIL's married pussy.

"There. Oh, that's it. I'm going to cum..Don't stop."

I deliberately slowed my thrusts into Laura, just to keep her on the edge of her orgasm. I knew the clock was running out on us, but I wanted to hold her on the edge for a few more seconds.

"Oh fuck me Pete. Fuck me til I cum."

That was all I needed to hear so I pushed my cock up to the hilt inside her, reaching the depths of her pussy as I increased my thrusts.

Laura tipped over the edge, legs trembling wildly, and fell into her orgasm, my cock pounding into her married pussy. I knew I was close as I too felt my impending orgasm.

"Ahh, Pete...that's what I've been wanting for years. Somebody to fuck me. Don't stop."

It was all over for me, as I thrust hard and deep into her. My cum flooded out of my cock, as Laura screamed out with her next orgasm.

She fell into a relaxed state, my cock buried deep inside her, still spurting cum deep into her belly. Laura's orgasm subsided after a minute or so, and my flaccid cock fell from her now well ploughed pussy with a plopping sound.

Laura stood up, and started to get dressed. Her face was flushed, and I was not sure where everything now stood.

As I was getting myself dressed, she walked towards the door, paused only to look over her shoulder.

"We should have done that years ago. See you at the truck."

I responded with, "If we hurry, I can be the first one to fuck you in your new house."

We finished packing the truck, checked on the kids and headed off to their new house.