 Leslie Says Yes - Conclusion

Standard Disclaimer - These are fictional stories. The names have been changed to protect identities. You must be over 18 to read this story. I hope you enjoy the conclusion of this story. Thanks again for taking the time to read and to send feeback. You people are great!

Some time in the night, Leslie had either gone to the bathroom or just repositioned herself. I woke up spooning her naked backside. I quickly fell back asleep. 

When I next opened my eyes, everything was still dark. Hmm, I thought to myself, this can't be right. I went to move my hands to my face and found I couldn't. What the fuck? I tried to move my feet, but they too, were tied down. Uh oh, now I'm gonna get it!

"Hello? Anybody out there?" I called out.

I heard footsteps on the stairs. "Well, well, well, good morning sleepy head. How did you sleep?"

"Quite well, thank you. How come it's still dark out?"

"It's not, you're blindfolded my dear, sweet, brother-in-law. Now, it's my turn to play"

I didn't like the sound of that, but, there was nothing I could do about it. I heard Leslie leave the room, but she was soon back. I felt a very light touch on my face and then she kissed me. 

"Oh the fun I'm going to have with you," she whispered in my ear. 

I felt a tingle run through my body. Whatever she had in store for me, I was determined to enjoy it, no matter what. She nibbled down my body, pausing to suck on my nipples. She then moved down to my cock but didn't kiss or touch it. I felt her hot breath on my cock and then her tongue snaked out and licked my thigh. I jumped a little and moaned in pleasure. 

Leslie then lifted my balls up and kissed and licked the area just beneath them. I could feel my balls move in response to her touch. My cock started to rise from the dead. 

"Oh, what do we have here? Does that excite you, to have me run my tongue over your balls?"

I just moaned in response to her question. 

"I'll take that as a very firm yes"

She took my cock in her hand and began to stroke it. I got quite hard, quite quickly. Leslie then proceeded to lick my cock like an ice cream cone. Pleasure shot through me as her tongue moved up and down and all around my prick. 

"Yes, Danny boy does like that doesn't he?"

I pushed my hips up in response and she playfully slapped my cock.

"Now, now, none of that!" 

She grabbed hold of my balls and squeezed.

"Ow, fuck! That hurt!"

"Duh again, my Danny boy. I'm in charge here. Leslie, large and in charge. I like the sound of that! You just lay there and play nice and everything will work out fine."

I felt her mouth cover my balls and she began to stroke my cock again. I just laid there and let her work her magic. 

"I must say, my pussy tastes pretty good."

"You're damn straight about that," I replied as she continued to suck at my nuts. 

"Why don't you taste it some more?" she replied and I felt her shift her weight over my head.

Her pussy smelled great as she slowly lowered it to my face. 

"I'm nice and wet for you brother" 

Leslie lowered her pussy to my waiting lips. I started to lick at her and felt her grind on me. My nose slipped into her as my tongue worked her clit. I could hear her suck in her breath as I worked my tongue back and forth over her clit and lips. 

"That's it, suck on my fat pussy lips. You eat pussy very well. I see that Sandy trained you well."

I tried to respond to that, but, she lowered her full weight on my face. With my hands trapped and tied above my head, my beautiful, sadistic sister-in-law controlled my breathing. I tongue fucked her as well as I could under the circumstances. She ground her pussy on my face and came. Her juices flooded my mouth and I could taste myself in the mixture. I continued to lick her as she moved off of my face.

I felt her move over my cock. She took hold of it and rubbed it back and forth over her pussy lips. She was soaked again. She positioned my cock at her hole and sat down. Her pussy felt like it was filled with warm butter. She slid down my shaft and came to rest on my hips. Holy crap did that feel good! 

"Oh shit Leslie, that feels so good."

"I bet it does, it's about to feel a whole hell of a lot better."

She began to rotate her hips. First to the right and then to the left. I tried to keep as still as I could. I didn't want her to squeeze my balls again. Not because of the pain, but because I'd come if she did. I felt her pussy contract around my cock and heard her moan, very quietly. Her pussy became even hotter than it was. She then began to fuck me in earnest.

Leslie rose up until just the head of my cock was between her lips, then she sank down in one fluid motion, till my balls hit her ass. She leaned forward and fed me her titties. I sucked and nipped and licked and bit her titties, as she presented them one at at time to my hungry lips. I felt her pussy contract over and over as I continued my assault on her tits. It was driving me insane being unable to touch them. I struggled at my bonds but she tied her knots just as well as I did mine. I did the best I could with what was available. By the moans and groans coming from Leslie, my lips and teeth and tongue were doing an okay job.

I felt her body stiffen and then suddenly, she was gone. Tits, nipples and pussy were gone.

"Where the hell did you go?" I called out.

"Be right back lover boy" I heard her call out. 

I lay there, panting. My cock felt cool in the bedroom air, no warm pussy engulfing it. My balls ached for release. Where the hell did she go? 

Five minutes passed and still no Leslie. What the heck was she doing. Soon, I heard footsteps approaching. 

"Leslie? Is that you?"

"Yes, my dear. I've come back to you." 

Her voice seemed kind of strained but I thought nothing of it at the time. I felt her get back on the bed, between my thighs. Soon, she was back to sucking on my cock. 

All of a sudden I heard a buzzing sound.

"What's that?" I asked.

"Oh, just a little something to make it feel even better."

I felt something touch my asshole. 

"Um, Leslie, darling, what are you doing?"

"Hey, what's good for me is good for you!" She said. "You're gonna love this"

As she said that, I felt the tip of a vibrator touch my asshole. 

"No, don't."

"What's the matter, big boy? I promise I won't hurt you."

With that, I felt the head of the vibrator slip into my ass. Holy crap! It felt like someone poked a hot iron into me. I tried to relax but couldn't. My cock started to get limp, but, a couple of nicely timed licks cured that. After a bit, it wasn't so bad. I felt Leslie get into a 69 positon. That's more like it I thought. Now, if only I had my hands free. I felt Leslie bend forward and take my cock in her mouth. Then, I felt hands on my feet. Who the hell is that? My feet were quickly untied and then raised up, exposing my ass. I tried to say something, but Leslie pushed her cunt down onto my face. Without my hands free, I was defeated. 

Whoever was down between my legs, began to tongue my balls and cock. I felt pressure on my asshole and felt the vibrator being pushed deeper into my ass. I couldn't move. Leslie held my legs up high as the person between my legs fucked my ass. Soon, it began to feel good, very good. The person between my legs started to suck my cock and fondle my balls. Leslie was grinding down on my face and coming like crazy. She let go of my legs and they fell to the bed, driving the vib deeper into my ass. It was too much for me. I came, in buckets. 

The person on my cock pulled me from their mouth. I felt my balls empty again and again as the vibrator massaged my prostrate with a vengence. I heard Leslie squeal and felt her mouth fall onto my cock. The other person then began to lick at my balls. I couldn't stop coming. My legs were in knots as my muscles contracted again and again. I felt the vibrator withdrawn and then felt a finger take its' place. 

Leslie continued to suck my cock. The person finger fucking my ass picked up speed and then curled his or her finger to massage my prostrate again. I tried to free my hands but they were tied tight. My asshole contracted on the invading fingers. My balls had to be empty by now. I felt like I was shooting blanks. Leslie was still sucking my cock even though nothing was coming out. I continued to lick her pussy and clit. I finally had to get her to stop sucking on me. The head of my cock was too sensitive. She rolled off of me and I felt her and the mystery guest slide their tongues over my shaft. I was spent. 

I must have fallen asleep. When I awoke, my hands were free and I was covered with a sheet. My legs were in agony. My ass didn't feel all that great either. I opened my eyes and everything was still dark. Damn, I'm still blindfolded. I felt two bodies on either side of me. I ran my hands over them and discovered breasts. Thank God, two females. I went to remove my blindfold but was stopped. 

"Hold on there Schwager. Wait for it."

I nodded in agreement and felt the two of them get off the bed. 

"Okay, you can take your blindfold off now."

My eyes took some time adjusting to the light. There, standing at the foot of the bed, arm in arm, were Leslie and Sandy. I just groaned and smiled. The rest of the weekend was tiring, but great.