 First off, thank you all who have replied with feedback. I really appreciate it. Next up is the standard disclaimer. This is a story for adults, those 18 or over. The names have been changed to protect the horny and this is purely fantasy. I WISH I had sis-in-laws that were this open to having sex with me. Enjoy. 

* * * * *

Leslie hung up the phone and turned to me, "How about some dinner?"

"Um, this is all I wore today." I stammered, pointing to my sweats. 

"Duh, like I don't know that? I was talking about pizza, delivery style you knuckle head" Leslie replied.

I just grinned and said, "Okay, anything but pepperoni or anchovies."

"Done"

As we waited for the pizza, we sat on the couch and chatted about this and that. We talked about my kids, her lack of a love life, how much fun we had and why she didn't take me up on my offers earlier. It was a nice relaxing chat about nothing. 

The doorbell rang and Leslie got up to get it. "Watch this," she said, as she unbuttoned her top down to her navel. "Gets 'em every time" she smiled. 

When she opened the door, the poor delivery guy never had a chance. His eyes went immediately to her chest. He stammered something about the bill all the while looking Leslie directly in the tits. I sure as hell could understand his actions. Leslie has got a great set of tits. A bit saggy but what do you want for a 44 year old? She's still damn hot. Leslie just smiled, paid him and then took her top off. 

"Thanks sweetie" she smiled seductively.

"No, no problem, and thanks for the show," our intrepid pizza delivery guy stammered. "It was definitely MY pleasure."

"It sure was" Leslie replied.

She closed the door and laughed. "I think they fight over who's going to deliver to my house."

I laughed. "I bet they do. You make me wish I delivered pizzas for a living. Maybe I'll take a nice part time gig"

Leslie giggled and sat down on the couch. We ate pizza and watched TV for an hour or so. She turned to me and then pointed to the stairway. "Let's go lover boy." I quickly followed her up the stairs.

Once in her bedroom, Leslie stripped and lay on the bed. "Pleasure me boy."

I stripped down and, starting at her feet, began to lick my way up her body. My cock was standing at attention. Good soldier boy! I ran my cock over her toes and she captured my cock between her toes and started to jerk me off. By this time, I was eye level with her breasts. I started to kiss and suckle her nipples. I looked up and her eyes were closed.

"Like that, my darling sis-in-law?"

"Your cock is so hard! I've never given a foot job before. It's different."

I moved forward a bit and kissed her lips. She kissed me back and forced her tongue into my mouth. I could feel the heat from her pussy on my cock. I reached down and pushed my cock against her pussy lips. She jumped a little. I wanted to tease her a little so instead of pushing into her pussy, I forced my cock down toward her ass so that the top of my cock rubbed her slippery pussy lips.

"Oh, you nasty, little teasing fucker!" She hissed, as I rubbed my cock up and down across her pussy. 

"Feels good does it?" I said with a smirk.

"Oh Christ, you know it," she moaned in return.

I kissed her again, tongue fucking her mouth. She reached around and grabbed my ass, pulling me towards her cunt. "No, no, no, my sweet, horny girl" I chided her.

"Fuck you. No, wait, fuck me, you bastard!" She wailed.

"If that's what you want." I pulled back and reaching down, spread her pussy lips. Her outer lips were soaked. I could only imagine the hot, wet, sticky mess that awaited me when I drove my cock home. I aimed straight for her opening and shoved forward. There was no resistance. 

I slid all the way in on the first stroke. Leslie's eyes rolled into the back of her head and her body levitated off the bed. She spread her legs up and out to allow me to get deeper. I couldn't. My balls were mashed against her butt. She was moaning and speaking in tongues as her orgasm overcame her. I pulled out about halfway and pushed back in. Her breath became ragged, her pussy sucked at my cock. I moaned in her ear.

"Oh shit baby, you feel so good."

She mumbled incoherently as she came again. She was soaking the bed with her juices. I strove to maintain my composure. Her pussy felt so good around my cock. 

"Damn it honey, you're gonna make me cum. I don't want to cum yet."

My pleas fell on deaf ears. Leslie began to rotate her hips and then smacked my ass for good measure. "So come, dear brother-in-law. Fill my pussy with your load. I want to feel you splash my walls with your sperm."

That did it. I put my head down and drove my cock in again. I sucked on her neck as my balls emptied their load. I could feel Leslie shudder again, as she came on my cock. Then, quickly, she shifted her weight and rolled me onto my back. She began to ride me, slowly at first, then faster and faster.

I reached up and grabbed her big tits. She leaned over and let me suckle her tits. I pinched and bit her nipples, eliciting a long, deep, gutteral moan. She reached down and proceeded to return the favor, pinching and twisting my nipples. I could feel her pussy still contracting around my dick. 

"Time for sixy-nine" she shouted, as she quickly moved off of my cock and planted her come filled pussy on my face. "Clean me good, dear brother."

What could I do? I felt her mouth surround my cock and I dove into her sopping wet cunt. I could feel my cum running out of her pussy. I've tasted my come before, while eating my wife out or licking her titties clean after I've come on them, so it wasn't hard for me to put my all into it.

Leslie began to rotate her hips again. I love eating pussy. I ran my tongue over her lips and then stuck it in as far as it would go into her pussy. She clamped down on my head with her thighs and sat straight up. I could feel more of my come running out of her pussy. I didn't think I had came that much, but, it continued to flow out of her sweet snatch. 

She ground her pussy down onto my face. I was trying not to suffocate, but then, what a way to go! I ran my tongue over her clit and she exploded again. I could barely hear what she was saying. I don't think I would have understood it anyway. She was moaning and crying and babbling incoherently again. Her pussy continued to spew out my load and I had to lick and suck pretty fast to keep up. Finally, she fell off to the side and I was able to breath again. She wasn't getting away that easily.

I quickly turned her over on her stomach and sat on her legs. I began to massage her ass. 

"Oh, that feels nice" she sighed.

I kneaded the muscles in her ass and worked my way up her back to her shoulders. Leslie sighed and relaxed even further.

"That feels so good, Danny. Your hands feel so nice on my skin."

I continued the massage until she fell asleep. I let her nap for an hour or so. I took a quick shower and then planned my next move. I hoped she'd be up for it.

As Leslie slept, I searched around her place for some things I needed. I found what I was looking for in her closet. Armed with my supplies, I headed back to the bedroom. Leslie was still stretched out on the bed and I proceeded to put my plan into action. 

Taking the satin robe belts I found in her closet, I proceeded to tie her legs and hands to the bed. She stirred a bit, but, continued to sleep through my movements. I let her sleep some more and went down and grabbed some beers. Returning to the bedroom, I sat down and watched my beautiful, sexy sis-in-law sleep. My cock was beginning to stir again so I decided to wake her up.

I leaned over and kissed Leslie's ass. She stirrred a bit and then shot wide awake. 

"What the fuck?!" she exclaimed. "What the fuck do you think you're doing?" she asked, as she tested her bonds. "Untie me, you son of a bitch!"

"Hey, you leave my mother out of this," I laughed, as I checked her bonds again. "Just lay there and enjoy"

"Come on Dan, this isn't funny. If you think this is sexy, it isn't."

I moved in front of her and lifted her head by her hair. 

"You talk too much," I sneered as I pushed my cock toward her face. "Open up sweetie. I think you'll like this."

As pissed off as she was, she opend her mouth and started to suck my cock back to life. 

"That's better. You know I won't hurt you, right?"

She nodded her head in the affirmative and got back to sucking my cock. 

"Good, I think you're gonna like this."

I removed my cock from her mouth and took a position between her legs. She struggled to look back to see what I was going to do. I ran my cock over her calves and thighs and then rubbed it across her asscheeks. She squirmed a bit and pleaded with me not to fuck her ass.

"Now, now, my little slut. What I do with your body is up to me. You just relax and take it easy."

I really did want to fuck her ass, but, I had other plans for her right at the moment. I got up off of her and kissed each ass cheek. I walked to the front of the bed and bent down and kissed her lips. I moved over to her full length mirror and brought it over to the bed. I positioned it right in front of her and patted her on the head. I then moved back to her ass and started to kiss it again.

"Please, don't. I haven't had anyone back there in years."

"Hush, hush now, I won't hurt you." I knew that she'd taken guys in her ass before. Her husband used to screw her ass all the time. How did I know? She'd tell (well, brag about is more like it) my wife about it and then Sandy would tell me. She might not have had anyone back there in a while, but I knew she liked it. 

I moved my head down between her thighs and began to lick at her pussy. She tried to squirm away but I had tied her pretty good (thank you Boy Scouts of America!) I began to finger fuck her, pushing one, then two and finally three fingers up her cunt. She was moaning now, having forgotten all about her sweet, tender ass. I began to let my fingers stray over her asshole. It was cute the way in contracted every time I ran my fingers over it. Leslie was thrusting her hips to meet my fingers as I continued my assault on her cunt.

I stopped fingering her and moved behind her. I looked up and saw panic in her eyes.

"Oh God, Dan, please don't fuck my ass. Please!" she cried.

"Who said anything about your ass?" I replied. 

I spread her ass cheeks and she cried some more. I then moved over her ass and pushed my cock down into her pussy. I watched in the mirror as her eyes flew open and her mouth formed an "O" I reached up and pulled back on her hair. 

"Now, I'm gonna ride you like the bitch you are" I snarled at her. "I'm gonna fuck you so hard you're not gonna walk straight for a week! All that teasing over the years. The tight pants, the low cut tops, the short shorts. I've wanted to fuck you hard for a long time, my dear, sweet Leslie. Now, I have the chance."

Her eyes met mine and I saw nothing but pure lust. I shoved my cock into her pussy. The effect was what I desired. Leslie tightened up and started to come. Sandy and I discovered this wonderful position quite by accident. We were screwing doggy style one day and she collapsed onto the bed. I followed her down and found her g-spot. The orgasms Sandy gets from this position are tremendous. I wanted to find out if it ran in the family.

I still had a hold of Leslie's hair and I pulled back a bit more. Through half-closed eyes she looked at me. A slight smile crossed her lips. I felt her pussy contract on my cock and her legs began to shake. A long, low, gutteral moan escaped her lips as I pulled her head back and fucked her cunt. Her lips were moving but she wasn't saying much. Her eyes held mine as I continued to assault her pussy.

Suddenly, she screamed, "Fuck me, oh God, please fuck me harder. It feels so fucking good." Her words trailed off as her whole body shook wildly. 

I let go of her hair and began to squeeze her ass cheeks. Then, I started to slap them. Each time I hit her ass, she would moan. I slapped harder, leaving little finger marks on her ass. Her pussy was contracting wildly on my cock. I fucked her faster and faster. Her pussy juices were flowing freely over my cock and her ass. I reached down and started to push a finger into her asshole. She tensed up, but then relaxed and my finger slid in. 

Leslie was thrashing about wildly, as I fucked her g-spot and fingered her asshole. Her screams and cries were muffled by the bed as she buried her face into it. I grabbed her hair again and lifted her head up. 

"Look in the mirror. Look how horny you are. Jesus, what a beautiful slut!" I screamed at her.

Her eyes met mine again and she screamed in orgasm again. Then, she passed out. I let go of her hair, slowly, and positioned her head to the side so she could breath. I slowed my fucking and then pulled out. The sheets were soaked with her juices. My cock and balls were covered in her sweet come. I untied her and covered her with a sheet. Her breathing had slowed down and her body quit convulsing. I went to the bathroom and jerked off into the sink. I then crawled into bed and followed her into dreamland.