 It was around 5pm on my midweek day off, and I was sitting by myself in a three quarters full cinema. Just before the film was about to start two women came shuffling, as you do in a cinema, down the row, they squeezed passed my knees, took their coats off and sat down with the second one in the seat next to me. 

I can't remember what the film was but it wasn't anything unusual or erotic, 50 shadesish for instance, so I have no idea why what followed occurred. 

Anyway, about 20 minutes into the film my knee accidentally touched the denim clad knee of the woman sitting next to me. I instantly moved the offending knee and mumbled an apology not receiving any response from her. 

Some 5 minutes later I felt her shift in her seat and this time her knee briefly touched mine before coming to rest with just millimetres between them. At first sight it seemed a totally innocent event but, being a man, I felt that there was more to it than that: her lack of response to my knee touching hers and now that she had moved her knee to within a fraction of mine, almost as if she was now inviting a response from me.

What to do what to do?? Nothing, and miss an invitation to more. Or press the point and risk a smack in the mouth, maybe even a cinema manager dragging me out and accusing me of being a raving sex case. My raving sex case mind eyed the fire exit as I thought it through. 

Maybe there was a middling approach, maybe I could keep raving in check and just go with sex case.

I very carefully touched my knee to hers and left it there. And to my very pleased relief she didn't move and that, to my raving sex case mind, yes, raving was back, was an invitation. 

In order to test the invitation I gently increased the pressure, she pressed back. Invitation accepted. 

Very slowly, so as not to attract the attention of her companion, I pushed the separating armrest up out of the way. 

Resting my hand on my thigh I began to brush my little finger up and down the side of her leg, she still didn't move although I was sure she took a deep breath.

After a few minutes of this I took a chance and moved my whole hand over to rest it on the top of her thigh. This time she did move, she uncrossed her legs and casually draped her coat over both legs covering my hand from any casual glance. 

And then I started to stroke her leg, slow circles along the firm muscle of the top of her thigh and then over the soft skin of her inner thighs, fingertips on one leg back of my hand on the other.

And all this time: from my brief look at her outline as she'd shuffled passed, her smell and warmth as she'd sat beside me, the feel of her waist against the back of my arm, the underside of her boob on my forearm and her thighs against my hand, my mind was forming an impression of her. She was around 5' 9", not skinny or even slim but not too overweight either; she certainly filled her jeans but even with the limited room that she had she could part her legs, she had a waist and she had boobs: good sized boobs I would say, but not huge. Beyond that it was pretty much a guessing game, I had no idea how old she was or what she looked like.

And, as shallow as it may seem and certainly for now, I didn't really need to know any more.

Except that, from the growing heat I was beginning to feel against the edge of my hand, I knew that she wanted what I was doing and she liked it. And so, with a slight move of my arm, I began to rub that hand edge against the source of the heat. My hand now jammed between her thighs meat of it rubbing up and down against her pussy, I could feel her bum clenching and unclenching, her pussy rhythmically pushing back against my hand.

I wanted to change my position, do more with my hand, but her thighs were now gripping me tight, her clenching bum pushing her body hard against me. Her breathing was fast and shallow, her chin was down on her chest and the arm not covering mine had come through and was gripping my forearm but otherwise she was doing a pretty good job of controlling herself, as far as alerting her friend that is, and probably everybody else in the cinema. 

Below the waist was a different matter: her legs and bum really started to quiver, her thighs squeezed my hand and the grip on my arm hardened, she was holding her breath and I felt rather than heard a groan rumble through her chest. 

A moment later I heard her friend whispering something and she managed to whisper something back, can't imagine what. Her friend saying something had clearly broken the spell and pretty quickly she relaxed and eased the pressure on my hand, I slid it out from between her very hot thighs and just let it rest back on the top of her leg, she actually kept hold of my arm for the rest of the film. Nothing more happened and, as the film ended and the lights came back on, they both immediately stood, and shuffled passed heading out. 

Not wanting to embarrass her I waited a couple of minutes before slowly walking out.

To my surprise, as I walked back into the foyer, a woman I immediately recognised as my accomplice stepped from the side, glanced nervously around, handed me a slip of paper then dashed off.

I stood still, a little shocked, and watched her go. I hadn't expected that. Not bad though: nice bum, long legs, as tall as me, short dark hair, pretty, early 40s so around 20 years younger than me, wonder what she thought when she saw me, can't have been too upset or she wouldn't have approached me. I remembered the slip of paper, looking down I realised it was her cinema ticket with something now written on it in very small writing. A phone number and the words 'text me later.'.

All the way home I thought over the events of the afternoon and tried to think what to text.

Some time in the evening I figured that it was later enough, picked up my phone entered her number and typed "Hand from the cinema."

Five minutes later she replied, ":-) you free tomorrow at 1pm?"

"Sure am."

"Can we meet at Barslow Country Park east car park?"

Very specific, "I can if you can."

"Great, I'll be driving a blue Audi A3. You?"

"A grey Hyundai Santa Fe."

"See you then."

"'Look forward to it.".

And that was that, I sat back and thought about the whole exchange; no names, no comment about what had happened in the cinema and nothing personal from her other than the smiley face. Just straight into the arrangements for tomorrow's meeting; clearly she'd already thought through what she wanted to say should I get in touch. Think I'll be a little bit cautious tomorrow. 

The next day had dawned wet and gray and I'd had a pessimistic couple of hours: half expected a text calling it off and then, when that didn't happen, expecting her not to show. But, when I pulled into the rain swept car park ten minutes before one and glanced around, I immediately saw a blue Audi A3 at the far end parked against the fence.

Pulling up beside her I looked across, she was looking back at me with a lopsided smile on her face, I smiled back. As I switched off my engine she got out of her car, stepped through the rain to my passenger door and took hold of the handle. I pressed the unlock switch, she opened the door and got in.

Sitting back against the door she looked at me without speaking, red lipstick, green eyes and damp hair. Her eyes flicked down meaningfully to my hand and I pressed the switch again, the doors clunked locking us in and everybody else out.

Her eyes moved back up to my face and we sat looking at each other, a minute passed, then two. The tip of her tongue appeared, she licked her lips then bit her bottom lip, a slight frown appeared on her forehead, another moment of thought, then she leant forward and unbuckled my belt, flicked the button open before tugging the zip down. She then started to pull at the heavy material, her determination against the awkward angle and my weight just wasn't going to do it so I lifted my bum and her determination won. My jeans came down, dragging my boxers with them, all the way to my knees.

Up until that point I hadn't been particularly turned on: don't know why, it just hadn't seemed an erotic situation, I remember thinking to my cock 'please do something!'. But then she paused and, after her moment of 'let's get on with it!', went all shy and tentative and slowly moved my t-shirt and that was it, he came out to have a look, ridiculously I almost felt proud at how much he came out to have a look. In a heartbeat he went from cowering in a corner wondering what the hell was going on to standing tall and strong shouting 'here I am!'. And her face showed due appreciation. 

And any shyness disappeared, she rubbed the head of my cock with her fingertips, brushed her fingers up and down the length, wrapped her hand around the thickness and began stroking. Then she shuffled up a little in her seat and her head came level with my lap, I felt her breath on my skin, her tongue swipe across the very tip, then the warm wet enveloping sensation as her mouth slid down, took as much of my shaft in as she could then stopped. She pressed a little further, felt her gag a little and stop. Rise slowly back up until just my cock head is left in her mouth, lips sealed around the base.

Could feel her tongue moving, feel her sucking at the tip, creating saliva and swirling that around my cock. Her head started to move, rising and falling, just a little at first: each dip taking more of my shaft until each plunge engulfed my entire cock.

What an exquisite feeling it was: her mouth gliding up and down my now very very hard cock. Sometimes all the way other times just concentrating on the glans. Sometimes her teeth raked up and down other times her soft lips. Sometimes she'd use just her hands other times both her hands and mouth. And, in my considered, although at that particular moment rather biased, opinion she was very good at doing what she was doing. She really was particularly good with her mouth, lovely and swishy.

Time passed, it always takes me quite a while with blow jobs, not that she seemed to mind, she did seem to be enjoying her work! And I very much enjoyed her enjoying her work. 

She really did have a lovely swishy style, and she certainly knew how to bob, she also seemed to know when I was approaching the point of no return, she'd slow down and just concentrate around the head, she liked to push the tip of her tongue into the hole and trace around my glans. And once I'd subsided she'd go back to her swishing. 

After a few of times bringing me to the edge, backing off and bringing me on again she was obviously either getting tired, she knew I had just about reached my limit or she really just wanted to move onto the next stage, whichever reason it was made no difference to me, the end product was going to be the same. 

And so, after one particular close call she didn't back off, she kept going, if anything she picked up the pace. 

And the inevitable happened. I exploded and she turned into a cum sucking vampire, she didn't waste a drop, she sucked me dry. She really, really enjoyed her work.

Once she realised that she just wasn't going to get anymore out of me she, almost reluctantly, sat up. Once more leaning back against the door she looked at me, now with a real gleam in her green eyes, that lopsided smile back on her face. But she didn't hang around, she'd had her fill, had what she came for, and it was clearly time to leave. 

In a repeat of when she'd got into the car her eyes flicked down meaningfully to the door handle and the central locking switch. In a little bit of a daze I fumbled for a second with the wrong switch before unlocking the doors. She got out and got back into her own car. A minute later I heard it's engine start. She then looked across at me and once again grinned, raised her mobile phone into view, tapped herself on the chest with it and then pointed it at me. She then reversed out and drove away.

It took me a minute or two to get my senses together.

And then I realised that my jeans and boxers are still around my knees.