 My sister in law has always been the prude of the family. She has always accused me of leading her sister astray. I never viewed her in a sexual way until recently. She always dressed very conservatively and was constantly on my case for obsessing about sex. 

My wife, Jill, is on the other hand, a very sexual woman. That is another story, that I will tell another time. 

Jan, my SIL and her husband were visiting us and staying in the guest room. The previous night had been pretty boring, filled with meaningless chit chat and we all turned in early. The next morning, I got up very early to get ready for work. I sleep in the nude and, as usual, walk from our room to the bathroom to shower and stuff. This morning was no different. I left our room and, still groggy, headed for the shower. I had a huge morning woody, you know, the kind that hurt because it is so erect. 

I paid no attention to anything else as I walked. Just then the bathroom door opened and out stepped Jan, my Sil. We both just stood there frozen for what must have been 10 seconds. 

She then broke the silence and said "Oooh, you are a big boy, aren't you?" She smiled and left to her room. I said something like "I'm sorry, I didn't know anyone was up. " 

I then showered and left for work. When I got home I asked Jill if Jan had said anything to her about it. She smiled and said "Yeah, she told about it. " 

Jan and her husband had left that morning, but, right after supper she called. I answered the phone and she said "I'm sorry I won't be there tomorrow morning." She then asked to speak to Jill, but, said as Jill picked up the other phone, "Bye bye sweety, I may not be able to control myself next time. " Then I listened in the background as they talked. All I could hear was some whispering and a lot of giggling. These kind of calls went on for two weeks between them. 

I was now obsessing about her. This was so out of characters for her. I have to admit, I now wanted her very badly. Every time she called, she would talk very sexy to me. 

Two weeks passed and they came to visit again. I had a hard on, just thinking about it. The first night passed and the next morning came. I went through the same thing hoping for her to be there when I got up. Damn, she wasn't there. The next day was the same. I began to think I was being played by them. Jill and Jan would look at me and whisper and giggle all the time when I was around. 

The next night we went out and had a few drinks and returned home and went to bed. Morning arrived and I was up again. I stumbled to the bathroom, still very groggy, and opened the door. I hadn't expected anything, but, what a surprise. There was Jan, nude, at the mirror washing her face. Her body was perfect. I stood there as she turned and said "Oooh, I thought you had left." I can't remember what I said, something stupid. She reached for a towel to cover herself, but just held it to her side covering nothing. She said"Am, I as pretty as Jill?"

"Absolutely, "I stuttered. 

"Are my tits as nice as hers" she said as she cupped them with her hand. I just nodded my head as my wood got even harder. I was about to bust just looking at her. She came close to me and said "Do they feel as nice as hers" as she pressed against me. Then she grabbed my butt and pulled me tight against her, pinning my erection against her stomach. Then she pulled me to her lips and kissed me deeply. Jan then pulled down on my dick and placed it between her legs and pressed against me again. I thought it was going to break as she began to rub her breasts on my chest. 

Then a voice from the hallway"Jan are you in the bathroom. " damn, it was her husband. Shit, I was going to die right then, I thought. Jan quickly grabbed her gown and headed out the door as I hid behind it. She then grabbed him and they headed off to their room. A damn close call. 

I quickly showered and headed off to work. I thought of nothing else all day. 

When I got home they were gone again. Jill was on the phone with her laughing her ass off about something. When I questioned her about it, she just smiled and said"I can't tell you. " 

Another week went by with sexy phone calls and teasing me. 

Jan's husband was going out of town and she decided to spend the night with us again. I thought to myself, this is it. Well the night passed and nothing happened and I went to bed frustrated. 

The next morning Jill awakened early and said she had to run to the store for something. Still half asleep I turned and knodded OK and returned to sleep. A short time later I felt a pressence in the room and opened my eyes. It was Jan, standing beside the bed. She said nothing, but, just opened her gown and let it fall to the floor. She stood there nude as I pulled the covers open for her. She got in and began to kiss me passionately. I started to kiss her breasts and work my way down. She was not wanting any foreplay as she grabbed my dick and pulled towards her. "I want you now. " "I want you inside me" I want all of you now"

I slowly entered her as she couldn't take it all at once. As I slowly continued to fill her she screamed" Oh my fucking god, it's so fucking big"

I finally got all the way inside her and thought I had impaled her as she just went limp for a minute. I thought she passed out for a second. "Oh god, oh god, yes, yes" she said as she began to move with me. She grabbed the headboard with her hands and spread her legs high, then locking them behind me. 

Then a voice from behind yelled" What the hell is going on here" "Are you fucking my sister"

I turned white as a ghost as I turned my head. It was Jill standing at the doorway. Now I was going to die for sure. 

I guess I looked pitiful as Jill then said"Are you fucking my sister----and didn't invite me in"

She then stripped and hopped in with us. They had pulled a good on me. We spent the rest of the day with the three of us having a great time.