 Paul was nervous. What if she wasn't there? What if she was there and didn't recognize him? Worse, what if she was there, recognized him and laughed at him? He then told himself that he wouldn't know unless he tried. He just had to see her again. He had to find out if she'd felt the connection he'd felt ten days prior when they'd met for the first time.

Ten days ago, they had both been stuck in the same lineup of vehicles waiting for a highway to reopen after a bad accident. Like a lot of other people, they'd parked their respective vehicles and walked around, talking to people. He hadn't gotten her name nor had he given her his own name but they had talked for a long time and had enjoyed each others' company. He'd thought of her as the silver lining in the dark cloud that had been that delay. He'd then kicked himself for not getting her name or number. But just now, he'd seen the sign announcing the company she'd said she was working for, at least, the name seemed like what she'd said. And so, he decided to pull into their parking lot and try to see her.

As he made his way to the third floor where reception was, his nerves almost made him turn back. But he got up there and faced the receptionist. When she asked who he wanted to see, he was a bit sheepish.

"Well, to be honest with you, I don't know her name. She told me she works here. She's about this tall, has long brown hair and glasses."

"Anne Marie maybe?"

"I'd only know her to see her, we didn't exchange names."

"Well, here's your chance, she's right behind you."

Paul turned around and saw her, the woman he'd been dreaming about for the last ten nights. Anne Marie saw him and smiled.

"Hi!"

She seemed really pleased to see him! His courage returned.

"Hi! Is there a place we could talk in private?"

"Of course! Come this way."

She led him to an office just off the main open area they'd been in and then closed the door behind him. The office wasn't very private, being made of windows on two sides as it was on a corner to a hallway but it was better than being out in the open. She spoke first.

"Sorry, this is as private as it gets in here but at least nobody can hear us unless we speak very loudly. I have to say I'm impressed! I can't believe you remembered where I work!"

"You don't think this is too weird? I don't want to give you the impression I've been stalking you or anything."

"No, no, don't worry. I'm actually flattered!"

"Oh good. Gee, where to start?"

"How about by telling me your name?"

"Oh man, where are my manners? I'm Paul Maldovan. Glad to meet you officially."

"Anne Marie Norman. And I'm glad to finally know your name!"

As they shook hands, Anne Marie felt something like an electrical current move through them. Then, she saw movement behind him. Her co-workers were curious. Paul noticed and said 

"Why do I have the feeling that if I were to kiss you right now, you'd never hear the end of it?"

"Probably because if you did kiss me, I would truly never hear the end of it."

"Oh wait, I'm sorry. Are you married? Or otherwise with someone? If so, I'm really sorry for dropping in on you like this."

"Paul, relax. No, I'm not married. I'm divorced and single. How about you?"

"Me too."

Just then, his phone beeped. Before he did anything, a female voice was heard. "Paul? You okay? The system says you're off the road."

"I have to respond."

Anne Marie nodded.

"Yes mom, I know."

"Don't call me mom!" said the voice on the phone.

"Told you before I'll call you mom every time you act like my mom!"

"Where are you? Why are you off course?"

"I just stopped to see someone. I'll be back on the road shortly."

"You can't be late Paul."

"Mom, I'm way ahead of schedule. Don't worry I'll be there on time."

"Who did you stop to see?"

Anne Marie laughed and said "Tell her that she shouldn't ask questions if she doesn't want lies."

"I like that!" And then he repeated it into the phone and added "Mom, the faster I get off the phone with you, the faster I can get back on the road."

"All right, all right. Go."

During that time, Anne Marie had taken one of her business cards and written on the back of it.

Paul then said "I need to go. But I'll be back in town around 5:30 -- 6:00 pm. Would you have dinner with me?"

"I'd love to. Here is my card. It has my cell phone number on it and I added my personal e-mail on the back."

"Darn, I forgot my cards in my vehicle."

"Why don't I walk you out to your truck and we can plan where to meet tonight while we walk?"

As they made their way out of her office, someone yelled out "Hey Morning! Aren't you going to introduce us to your friend?"

"Nope!" was the only answer they got. 

As Paul and Anne Marie made their way down and out, Paul asked "Did he call you Morning?"

Anne Marie smiled and said "Anne Marie, AM, Morning? Get it?"

Paul chuckled "And I'm Paul Maldovan. PM!"

"That is too funny."

As they walked towards the parking lot, Paul asked "How familiar are you with this town?"

"Just a bit. I mostly know the south side, why?"

"Do you know Ric's? The steakhouse at the Sheraton? It's on the south side."

Anne Marie smiled and said "Yes, I know where that is." What she didn't tell him was that it was where she was staying.

"How about we meet there around 6:30 pm? Would that work for you?"

"That works fine. And if there's any reason you can't make it, just call my cell."

They got to his truck and he reached in and handed her his card. "Here you go. I sure hope nothing happens to keep me from dinner. I'm really looking forward to getting to know you better. You left quite the impression on me you know."

"You left an impression too. Now get going so you can come back!"

"Think anyone's looking?"

"I don't care."

He took that as an invitation and gently kissed her lips. They looked into each others' eyes and again, there was a connection there. Anne Marie pushed him towards the open door. "Go. I'll see you tonight."

Anne Marie got teased when she made it back to the office but she kept quiet. She was too busy thinking about her date that night to pay any attention to her co-workers. Fortunately, she was busy all day so it went by fast. Then, she had time for a quick work out and a shower. As she didn't quite have enough time to dry her long hair, she pulled it into a low pony tail and then focused on her make up and clothes. As she was in a hotel room, she didn't have all that much in terms of clothes but she did have a few cute blouses and picked one that showed a bit of cleavage. 

At 6:25, she got a text message from Paul stating that he was on his way and would be there in about 10 minutes. She made her way to the restaurant and met him there. She was pleased to see that he'd also cleaned up and shaved. They hugged and then were offered a table in the lounge instead of the restaurant, the hostess saying there were two families with young children in the restaurant and that in the lounge, they could watch the hockey games, it being playoff season. Anne Marie saw Paul's eyes light up at the mention of hockey and then, being a gentleman, he gave her the choice. 

Smiling, Anne Marie said "I love hockey, let's go to the lounge."

Despite watching the hockey game, they still managed to talk and talk. They talked about their respective histories, their past relationships, their work and a bunch of other subjects. Both of them, without actually saying it, were impressed with just how much they had in common and how much of a connection they felt with each other. The advantage of being in the lounge was that they could stay and have a few drinks after dinner without feeling rushed to leave. By the time the later game was two thirds over, Anne Marie felt like they'd had three or four dates instead of just one. She got up and Paul teasingly asked "Where are you going?"

Anne Marie leaned in and gave him a quick kiss on the lips. "Don't worry, I'll be back. I'm only going to the Ladies' room."

When she walked out of the Ladies' room, Anne Marie was surprised to find Paul there in that small hallway.

"There's something I need for you to understand."

"What's that?" Anne Marie was now very curious as to what couldn't wait for her to return to the lounge.

Paul leaned in and, gently pushing her against the wall, kissed her. As his tongue teased her lips open and made its way in, Anne Marie melted into the kiss. It was gentle yet demanding. With this kiss, he was telling her how much he wanted and desired her and that he wasn't going to let go without knowing that she understood that. She reached for his waist and ever so slightly pulled him in, showing him that she was in complete agreement. When he pulled away, Anne Marie teased

"Even though I think I understood most of that, I think you might want to say it again, just for sure."

"I'd love to but I think we might get thrown out if I kiss you out here again. Let's go watch the third period."

They made their way back to their seats in the lounge. Anne Marie took the hoodie she'd brought with her in case it got cool and, without sitting, said in Paul's ear

"I have a better idea. Why don't we go watch the third period in my room?"

"You have a room here?"

Smiling, Anne Marie nodded "Been here since the Monday after we first met!"

Paul didn't hesitate and grabbed his own jacket and grabbing her hand, pulled her out of the lounge. They made their way to Anne Marie's room in silence, both smiling.

As soon as they were inside, Paul again pushed Anne Marie against a wall and kissed her again. Anne Marie responded, her whole body on fire for this guy who'd been on her mind for over ten days. However, when they came up for air she asked "What about the game?"

"Somehow, I don't care as much for hockey right now. You don't mind, do you?"

"No complaints. And don't worry, I have protection."

"Glad to hear it. Now can I take your hair down?"

"Go right ahead."

Paul took off her hair clip and set in on a night table. Then he ran his fingers through her hair.

"Oh wow, I love damp hair. It feel so good and it smells so nice."

All Anne Marie could do was moan slightly. As he resumed kissing her, Anne Marie could feel her knees buckle. She wanted this man more than she'd wanted any man before. Not wasting any time, she reached for his belt and pulled on it. Then, she spun them around so Paul was up against the wall. He was surprised but didn't say anything and allowed her to pull his pants down and sink to her knees in front of him.

She pulled his boxers down and pushed up his shirt to see his rapidly hardening cock. With one hand, she grasped it and pointed it toward her mouth. As she planted her first kiss on his tip, she looked up at him and winked. Paul wrapped his hands in her hair and pulled her so his cock would bury itself into her waiting mouth. She moaned on his cock, turning him on even more. He gently set the pace and she greedily sucked, licked and nibbled at his hard cock. Her hands roamed, caressing his balls, his ass and his thighs. Then, one hand made its way under his shirt and teased one of his nipples. 

"Oh God, I've died and gone to Heaven." he said as he removed his shirt, allowing her better access.

Anne Marie smiled and continued to please him, moaning her own pleasure. She felt him tighten up and slowed down. She stopped and, looking up, sweetly asked "Do you want to come this way or would you rather keep it for later?"

"Baby, I can go again, don't worry. I'd really enjoy if you gave me this pleasure."

Again, she winked at him and took him into her mouth as far as she could. She built him up again, caressing his nipple with one hand and playing with his sac with the other. She rubbed her tongue on his length as she moved in and out on his cock. When she heard his breathing get quick again, she increased her own pace and applied suction. That did it for him and he groaned his release as she took it all in. She slowed down her movements and made sure she got each and every drop from him and didn't let him go until he was limp again.

He pulled her up to her feet and kissed her deeply. Then he said "That was amazing. Thank you."

"You're welcome!"

"I want to see what you have under that blouse. Been trying to sneak peeks all night but it was too dark in that lounge."

Anne Marie smiled and started unbuttoning her blouse. 

"No, no. Allow me."

He took over the job and deliberately took his time, savouring the moment. As he progressed, he gave her little kisses and teased her lips. When he was done with the buttons and pushed the blouse over her shoulders, he whistled softly.

"Wow, that's nice."

Anne Marie was glad she'd worn one of her nicer bras. She enjoyed his touch as he caressed her arms, the top of her breasts, her stomach and her back. She was amazed that he took the time to caress every part as most guys would have dived directly for the breasts. 

As he kissed her, he brought up his hands beneath her breasts and cupped them, teasing the nipples through the fabric with his thumbs. Her nipples hardened, rewarding his efforts and she moaned under his touch. He kissed her lips, kissed her neck, toyed with her earlobes, all the while inflaming her skin with his hands. He whispered "I'm not good with pants, would you take them off for me?"

Before she could answer, he'd regained possession of her lips, showing her it was his turn to take control. She did as he asked and undid her pants and pushed them down, taking off socks and underwear all in one fluid movement. She then reached behind her and unhooked her bra. Paul took it away from her body and cupped her breasts again, his thumbs now teasing her nipples directly, skin on skin. He pulled her against him so he could feel her naked body against his as he continued to kiss her.

They made their way to the bed and he pushed her down on it as he knelt on the floor between her legs. He kissed her knee and caressed her thighs. As his hands made it up the outside of her thighs, he gently pushed her down so he could access her core. Then, finding her too far, he pulled her towards him. 

Paul gave her one long lick and Anne Marie reacted by lifting her bottom off the bed and moaning. Encouraged, he used his hands to open up her petals and allow himself full access. He licked and flicked and sucked her clit, driving her nuts with pleasure. He didn't allow her any time to relax and pushed her towards her climax steadily. When he felt she was getting close, he slowed down and inserted one, then a second finger into her, causing her once again to lift her bottom clear off the bed. He increased the pressure on her clit and the speed of his fingers and she tightened around him, coming loudly. 

He then asked her where the condoms were and quickly put one on before plunging into her while she was still riding her orgasm. He knelt between her legs and pulled her legs up against his chest, plunging deep into her. 

"Oh My God, you weren't kidding when you said you said you'd recover! That feels so good!"

"Oh woman, you are so tight!"

"Yeah, fuck me, Paul, do me."

He obliged her for a while and then pulled out. Anne Marie protested but he motioned for her to get on top. Smiling at the thought of having control again, Anne Marie quickly straddled him. But she was in for a surprise. He grabbed her hand and pinned them to her hips as he moved his own hips up and down at his own pace. Anne Marie opted to let him have control and enjoy the moment. 

Seeing her breasts bounce up and down was just too difficult to resist for Paul and soon, he let go of her wrists to play with her breasts. Anne Marie, enjoying the attention on her breasts, leaned forward, giving him better access with his lips and tongue. Paul took full advantage of the offer and sucked on one nipple and then the other, ensuring they both got equal attention.

Then, he flipped her over and took her in the missionary position, kissing her, playing in her hair, playing with her nipples and plunging deep into her. Anne Marie wrapped her legs around his waist and then reached for his nipples, teasing them as he was teasing hers. Both of them were racing towards another orgasm, their breathing coming in short ragged breaths and their moans mixing. 

Anne Marie was the first to reach the ultimate goal and, letting go of his nipples, she dug her nails in his back as she came. Paul was right behind her, groaning. When they both caught their breaths, they just laid there, together. After Paul had gone to take off the condom, he came back and asked "Do you mind if I stay the night?"

Anne Marie kissed him and said "There's no way I'd let you go anywhere tonight."

They cuddled in bed and Paul asked "Think we can check on the game?"

Their team had won, just like they had. They turned the tv off and Paul said "Good night Morning!"

Anne Marie smiled and replied "Sweet dreams and see you in the morning, Night."

* * * * *

A/N: Thanks to Tellstory2jake for the nudge to get writing and the help!