 John Thomson checked into his company's rented apartment in Los Angeles. John was a British director and representative for Quality Films Review, an English company that used international reviewers for their magazines. He was supposed to meet reviewers at this apartment that had an office as well as the usual accommodation. The building had a receptionist/concierge and any visitor would have to call at reception where a call would be made to his apartment on the eighth floor. The elevator had a door that opened into the apartment itself. 

Now, by chance, a John Thomas (notice the similar name) also had a business apartment in the same building. He represented Quality Films – an adult film making company. He was to interview a potential cast for three up and coming movies.

On the day of John Thomson's arrival, a sequence of events occurred that would greatly affect his stay in LA. The first was that John Thomas was taken ill with an appendicitis and was rushed to hospital before arriving at his apartment. The second was that the receptionist accidentally missed Review off the end of his company's title. Thirdly, the letters from 'Quality Films Review' that invited various reviewers to meet John Thomson were accidentally thrown away and were never sent. 

So John Thomson found himself in his apartment awaiting various unspecified reviewers. He was a single man in his thirties, quite short at five seven and a little overweight. Although he had had a couple of relationships with women, he was really a shy person in that part of his life. He fantasised a lot and looked at many sexy magazines or videos – although he hated buying them.

It was three in the afternoon and he had been on the phone to his home base where he was told to expect three visitors that day. The buzzer on the intercom sounded.

He answered it, "Yes?" 

"Is that John ... Thomas the director from Quality Films?" The voice was female, American but with a mid European accent.

"Yes," said John. He hadn't noticed the slight change in name.

"I'm Sylvia Taylor. I've come to see you about a movie?"

John assumed she was reviewing one.

"Okay," he said, "Come on up. It's elevator four to the eighth floor."

"I'll be right there."

The elevator arrived and to John's astonishment, the lady that came into his apartment was not just beautiful. Sylvia was absolutely drop dead gorgeous. She had long, smooth blonde hair that was shoulder length and framed her delicate, perfectly formed face. She wore a plain white t-shirt that stretched very taut across her ample chest. She wore a knee-length black business skirt that clung to the lovely curve of her flared hips and was slit up one side, letting a long, black stockinged thigh poke through with every second step she took. The outfit was completely by a pair of black high heeled shoes that made her look sleek and sexy.

John was fortunately a little dumbfounded at the sight of such a beautiful woman.

"Hi there, John. I'm Sylvia. It's sure nice to meet you." She held out a hand.

He shook it, nervously. "Oh ye ... yes," he stuttered – very aware of her.

"Why don't you sit down? Would you like a drink?"

"Only a mineral water if you have one." She sat on an armchair as invited and put her shoulder bag on the floor."

John brought the drinks and sat across from her. Not knowing what to say, he muttered "Well ... er ... tell me about this movie."

"You're the director, aren't you?"

"Er ... yes."

"Well, do you mind if I show you how I see it?"

"Er ... no."

"It's just that I'd like to imagine you were the main actor in the movie. Please say as little as possible until I've finished."

"Okay," said John, a little puzzled.

She pulled a small tape player from her bag and put it on the table. She started the music and as she did so, she got up and danced to it. Rather, she danced for John as she stared very sexily at him while she moved. As she moved in front of the table, she reached down to untuck her t-shirt. She then peeled it up over her head, revealing her perfect breasts, tightly encased in a lacy white bra. The cups pushed her already big tits upwards and together, forming an impressive looking cleavage.

"Oh wow!" gasped John.

She reached around behind her back for the catches on her bra. The action caused her breasts to jut out impressively and John stared openly at the wonderful sight that was about to be unveiled before him. Sylvia unhooked her bra and then shyly let it drop, her perfect tits swinging free, a fantastic sight.

Then she stepped back and reached behind her, unzipping the back of her skirt and letting it fall around her feet. Sylvia's legs were as long and beautiful as they had looked in her skirt, and from John's point of view behind her, her stockings and suspender belt looked great as well as her bikini style panties.

Then, still dancing to the music, she approached him and knelt before him.

The lovely blonde reached over into John's lap and started to unfasten his trousers. 

Sylvia paused for a very slight moment. She then reached forward and slipped her hand into the open fly of his pants. He let out a short moan as her soft hand touched his penis, and Sylvia gasped, at finding him fully erect. She took a breath then leant over his lap and kissed the tip of his cock. Then she licked up along the underside of the erection, causing him to groan with pleasure. She then licked all over its head, her tongue swiping and fluttering, lapping up the precum that had leaked out.

"Oh! Oh" groaned John, 

Sylvia smiled up at him then bent further over, taking his cock into her hot mouth and sucking heavily. The beautiful blonde's cheeks hollowed as she worked her way down the length of his hard shaft, taking more and more of him in her mouth. As she sucked John's dick, her head bobbed faster and faster over his lap. 

John groaned, lying back in the couch, staring in awe at Sylvia's head as she gave him the first blowjob he'd ever had. 

"Oh God!" gasped John suddenly, he was close to busting. Sylvia held his cock as she pumped it then, conscious of his orgasm; she aimed his cock at her face. 

"Go on, John! Empty those balls for me," she husked.

John groaned as she started to pump his cock towards her, his hands leaning on the couch for support.. "Oh! Oh! Oh!" John let out a strangled grunt as his cum shot from the end of his cock, splashing over Sylvia's face, 

"Oh God yes!" shouted John as more of his sticky seed spurted out, spattering over Sylvia's nose, mouth and cheeks. The blonde closed her eyes and opened her mouth as she milked as much of his cum as she could into her throat and onto her tongue.

She got up, drank her mineral water and went to the bathroom. John just sat there exhausted and ecstatic. Two minutes later, she returned and said to him...

"I can do that to any actor in the movie and any Director that wants it. Remember me, Sylvia Taylor when you cast the movies..."

At that, she went to the elevator door and left. 

John didn't know what to believe. Sylvia seemed to have got him confused with somebody else. He got up, cleared up in case his genuine appointments arrived.

Within ten minutes there was another buzz on the intercom.

"Yes?" said John.

"Hi, is that John from Quality Films?" This time the accent was Texan but still female.

"Yes."

"I'm Terri Patterson. I'm here about a movie."

"Oh ... er you'd better come up then. It's elevator four and the eighth floor."

"See you soon."

When she arrived, she was another stunner. Terri was a tall brunette with the hottest, tightest, fittest body John had ever seen. She wore a pair of skin-tight pink trousers that clung to every curve of her long legs and impressive backside, and a tight white woollen jumper that zipped up the front where it stretched taut across her full breasts but came right the way up to a high turtleneck. Conservative and yet sexy, it suited Terri perfectly.

"Ahh, hello Terri, please come in," stammered John his tongue getting all tied up as he stared at her lumpy sweater.

"It's nice to meet you, John. I expected you to be older – not so ... ahem young and ... ahem dishy."

"Wow," croaked John. Was this another one who thought he was a movie director? He was normally an honest man but she was so gorgeous and he seemed to be reliving a fantasy that he felt he had to tag along.

"Er ... Miss ... er that is ...er"

"Please call me Terri." She husked and sat down on the chair previously occupied by Sylvia. "In case you're wondering, I measure 38C-21-35."

"Er ... Wow! Do you have any speciality, Miss ... er ... Terri?"

"Well, yes," she said. "Would you like me to show you?"

"Yes," he said, "That would be nice." 

"First, I need some music." She said as she got up and like Sylvia, produced a small tape machine from her bag. She stood up and listened while the rock music began.

She paused for a moment, listening to the beat of the music. "Okay," she said at last, nodding her head in time with the song, "I can work with this." With that she pulled her sweater over her head, revealing a tight white blouse and then dropped her whole body into an undulating dance, rolling with the throb of the rock song. John was immediately still in his seat, his eyes glued to Terri's rolling hips and thrusting chest. 

She crossed her hands above her head, her hips still rocking erotically as she let her hands slide slowly down her body, caressing the lush curves of her breasts and hips. She then spun around her lovely ass towards John as she bent forward, thrusting her buttocks at him as she looked back between her legs.

John gaped. Terri smiled at him in response and then straightened up, turning and strutting towards him. She paused just in front of him, just out of reach, and resumed her sexy, undulating dance. When the song hit became louder, Terri kicked her leg out towards his groin. He jumped back in the couch in surprise, but Terri's skilful kick stopped inches short of doing him an injury, her long heel jabbing into the seat of the couch. Terri smiled encouragingly and gestured for him to take her shoe off, licking her lips seductively.

His worried expression turned to a grin as he took off her shoe, stroking his hands up and down her ankle as he did so. Terri then briefly pressed her bare foot into his throbbing erection before she stepped back down and kicked out again. She then leaned forward towards him and pulled his head into her chest, rubbing her breasts across his face through the blouse she wore. John lifted his hands to the side of her full tits, squeezing them as he rubbed his face around her cleavage, wishing that it was her bare breasts he was sampling.

Terri drew back from John's busy hands, the song building up to a climax as she reached down and began unbuttoning the front of her trousers, standing just out of his reach. She shot him a seductive smile and bent forward, giving him an excellent view down the front of her blouse as she peeled off her pants. She straightened up, standing before him in her tight blouse and a skimpy g-string. Terri paused for a few seconds letting him take in the spectacular sight of her lace covered crotch and long legs before she bent her knees, thrust her hips and rocked back into her sexy strutting dance. As she turned away from him, John gasped in awe at the sight of her fabulous body. 

She strutted forward and turned away from him, bending forward to look back between her long legs again. She shot John another enticing look, licking her top lip slowly and seductively as she reached up and pressed her boobs together. 

As Terri moved away from him the song changed to the next track, this one was a heavier rock song by Fleetwood Mac. Terri swayed in front of him as she took in the song transition, then moved forward and straddled his lap. Terri began to grind her hips down onto his lap. His hands slid up her thighs to her hips as her pussy rubbed against his throbbing crotch. Terri smiled down at him and then slowly reached up between her breasts to where her blouse was buttoned. Without stopped her humping on his lap she ripped her blouse open wide, displayed her large C-cup tits. John moaned at the mouth watering sight, humping up off the couch against her as she rode him. His hands slid up from their position on her hips to cup and squeeze her firm tits, enjoying the way they filled his hands.

Before he could get too frisky Terri drew back off his lap, pushing his eager hands away from her tits as she danced away from him. Terri quickly turned her back to him as she sat on his lap again, pressing her pussy into his groin. John groaned as she leant back and pressed her body against him. She took hold of his hands and lifted them to her tits which he eagerly began to squeeze and knead. The gorgeous girl let him grope her huge breasts for a few moments longer before she slid down his body towards the floor. She went to her knees with her head resting in his lap before she turned to press her face into his crotch. John moaned in surprise, not sure what to do, this was certainly the most intimate dance he'd ever seen. 

Terri shook her head around, rubbing her face in his lap. She then pressed her lips against the outline of his hard cock, kissing him through his pants. With one finger she traced the line of his cock against his zipper.

Then carefully, but surely, she unzipped him. She then reached forward and slipped her hand into the open fly of John's pants. He let out a short moan as her soft hand touched his penis, and Terri smiled longingly at his full erection. 

"Oh, yeah!" gasped Terri, "I feel so horny. I needed a big hard cock like this."

She took a breath then leant over his lap and kissed the tip of his cock. Then she licked up along the underside of the erection, causing him to groan with pleasure. She then licked all over its head, her tongue swiping and fluttering, lapping up the precum that had leaked out.

"Oh! Oh!" groaned John, 

Terri smiled up at him then bent further over, taking his cock into her hot mouth and sucking heavily. The beautiful brunette's cheeks hollowed as she worked her way down the length of his hard shaft, taking more and more of him in her mouth. As she sucked John's dick, her head bobbed faster and faster over his lap. 

John groaned, lying back in the couch, his hands dropping to stroke the top of Terri's head as she gave him the second blowjob he'd ever had. If it hadn't have been for Sylvia blowing him less than half an hour earlier, he would probably have come there and then. But he stayed and after about two minutes of ecstatic blowing, Terri stood up, pulled off her G-string and mounted him. His back was to the couch and she sat astride his lap, her pussy moving rhythmically up and down his hard erection. 

Her hands rested on his shoulders and her nipples brushed up and down against his face as she moaned loudly... "Oh! Oh! Oh! Your cock is so big and hard and it's going to make me COME! Oh, John, honey! I love that cock. I love it! I love it! I lerrrrve it!" She grasped his head to her breasts as she came loudly and pumped John's seed deep into her. They both lay back and rested. 

After ten minutes, Terri got up, went to the bathroom and returned dressed. Then she said something Sylvia had said. "I can do that to any actor in the movie and any Director that wants it. Remember me, Terri Patterson when you cast the movies..."

At that, she went to the elevator door and left – just like Sylvia. 

John didn't know what to believe. How many more would confuse him with somebody else. He had to admit though; he had never had such a fantastic day. 

He got up, cleared up in case his genuine appointments arrived or in case another aspiring porn actress was looking for a part.