 Being a recently reitred m.p. in the army, I was currently unemployed and looking for a job. My luck hadn't been any good until I happend onto a great opportunity when I took my friend into the emergency room, for something he had done to his back. As we were walking into the e.r. a fight broke out between a nurse and patient who obviously didn't want to be there. I used some restraint moves that I had learned while in the military and quickly had the patient subdued and under control, until the security guards arrived to insure the saftey of the medical staff.

The doctors and nurses were impressed with the speed and effiency of how I handled the out of control patient, and mentioned to me how the hospital was short staffed at the moment for security guards. With the great references from the doctors and nurses I soon had my job.

Being the new guy on the block I drew the overnight duty. This wasn't bad because it gave me time to get to know the corridors of the hospital, and all the employees that I worked with. My favorite floors where the telemetry floor and the emergency room, both had great looking nurses, that were friendly and out going.

Being the only one on shift at nights was kind of lonely so I hung out at my two favorite floors alot flirting with the nurses and helping out where needed. Friday and Saturday nights were the busiest for the hospital and me, but during the week I found myself quite bored. My main duty during the week consisted of escorting the nurses and aids out to their cars when they left.

It started inocently enough between Myra and myself, she was one of the nurses on telemetry and they weren't always the busiest floor. It was exceptionally slow one night and she was let go early and didn't want to go to her car alone, so she called me to the floor to escort her outside. When I arrived she grabbed my arm and led me down a back corridor to a service elevator that was used primarily for the employees to go in and out from the back entrance.

Myra had the body and attitude of a 19 yr old college freshman, long red curly hair that hung about half way down her back, baby blue eyes, a smile that warmed your heart, lusicious full round breast, a thin waist and long toned legs that jutted out of her nurses skirt. Being 30, she was 6 years my senior, but that didn't bother her, and it made her even more attractive to me.

When we got to the doors of the elevator, she pushed the down button and when she turned around to look at me, I noticed a sparkle in her eyes, something I hadn't noticed on our way down the hall. Myra grabbed my hand and pulled me close to her, stood on her tip toes and reached up and gave me an unexpected kiss on the cheek. 

"What was all that about?"

" I have enjoyed our chats at the nurses station when your there, and from talking to you and the other nurses I figured out you don't have a girlfriend, so I thought I would take a chance. I hope you don't mind?" she said

"Mind? No I didn't mind it just caught me by surprise. Abet a good surprise." I replied

The ding of the elevator broke our trance, and as the doors opened Myra stepped in as I admired her ass in her tight white skirt. As I entered and the doors closed behind me she pulled my shoulders down and gave me a kiss that lingered on my lips that seemed like forever. I embraced her and started kissing her back, with the enthusiasm of a man just released from jail.

My hands had just started to wander down her back when the elevator jolted to a stop and the lights went out.

My walkie talkie started going off like crazy, something had knocked out the main power to the hospital and here I was stuck in the service elevator with Myra. As I was talking to one of the maintence men, the secondary power kicked on but our elevator wasn't hooked up to it, as our elevator was an old secondary elevator. The maintence man said he would be there as soon as possible, but he was checking all the medical equipment, phone lines, and the main elevators first.

As I was just finishing up talking to the maintence guy, Myra started running her hands up and down my chest. When she reached the top of my uniform, she started to unbutton it one button at a time, the last few she unfastened with her teeth.

" I hope you don't mind if I get you a little more comfortable?" she asked with a bit of sarcasim in her voice.

"We shouldn't do this, we could be suspended, or even loose our jobs, if we get caught" I half heartly protested.

"You have the walkie talkie, and you will know when they are getting ready to get our elevator up and running." Myra reminded me.

"Well, I" I began to say, but my thought was interupted as Myra was now pinching one nipple and sucking on the other one. As Myra was busy sucking my nipples I took the oppurtunity and unzipped her uniform and slipped it off her shoulders.

She stopped her minstrations on my nipples long enough to let her skirt slide to the floor. With what little light that was entering the elevator from the floors above and below us, I could barely make out the white lace bra that kept her ample breast from spilling out. I could also make out the white thong panties and white thigh high stockings she wore.

As I stood there taking in as much as her beauty as I could, I felt Myra's hand begin to unfasten my belt and undue the button to my slacks. I reached down to caress her breast but as I did Myra slithered down my body to her knees. The benefits for working at the hostpital I thought as she released my cock from the restraints of my boxer shorts.

I backed up against the wall, and slowly slid down until I was sitting on the floor with Myra. By now Myra had her hand wrapped around my shaft and was gently pumping it up and down.

"Oh Myra, that feels fantastic!"

She looked up at my with that sparkle still in her eye, and just smiled at me as she lowered her face into my lap. Her hand was now massaging my balls and her tongue was snaking it's way around my bulbous head.

I wasn't sitting by idoly either, as I was getting the best head I have had since I have been in the military, I was fumbling with the clasp of her bra. Feeling my troubles Myra took her free hand and unclasped it for me, leaving my hands free to remove it for her as soon as I felt the tension release.

Being nearly pitch black and only being able to see shadows and outlines I let my fingers be my eyes. I began to trace my index fingers down both sides of her body, starting at her face and neck and slowly working my way down to her hips and back up her abdomen to her breast. Myra's nipples were protruding out like erasers on top of a pencil. As I started pinching and rubbing her nipples her actions on my dick became faster and more intense.

Her nipples were responding to my agressive attack on them, by getting even harder. It was also making Myra hotter, and impatient. She took her free hand and reached up and grabbed my hands and brought them down to her stocking clad legs. As I started caressing her legs, I slid down enough to take her lovely nipples into my mouth.

Myras magic mouth was performing flawlessly on my rock hard member. She was deep throating me like a pro. Roaming her tongue around the base of my dick on her down stroke and licking the tip when she was on top. Her right hand was gingerly fondling my balls, while her left hand was circling my tight little bung hole, something I have never experienced but was enjoying emmensly.

I was getting to the point of no return, when she abruptly stopped her oral minstrations. Myra looked at me with passion and fire in her eyes as she slid her panties down her legs and slithered up my body. I could feel my dick uncontrollably flinch as Myra rubbed her pussy on it over and over...getting me all lubed up.

The anticipation was driving me nuts, I was about ready to reach down and grab my cock and thrust it into her dripping wet cunt, when she slowly started sliding down onto it herself. I felt my tip enter her love tunnel, inch by inch. When she had the first couple inches of my eight inch cock in her she stopped, bent over and gave me a kiss. As our lips touched she pounded her pussy down fast and hard until i could feel her blood engorged pussy lips kissing my balls.

I could tell Myra was in a highly sexual state when I felt her tongue outlining my lips and seen that "look" in her eyes. She just sat there for a few seconds feeling and adjusting to my size. Then she started the wildest thing I have ever felt, she started fucking me with her cunt muscles.

Myra started rotating her hips while squeezing my dick with her love muscles. I pulled her head down to mine and gave her a deep passionate kiss, just to keep from moaning.

As we were kissing, I took my hands and started massaging her tight buns, and began to thrust farther into her passion. Myra was still squeezing my cock with her muscles, but now she had begun to slide up and down my shaft. Rotating her hips at the bottom and squeezing my head when she was at the top.

Myra started pumping faster and faster, driving her pussy down on my shaft harder and harder each time. Her ass was slapping my balls on each down stroke. As her movements became faster she started to moan louder and louder, her sounds echoeing off the walls of the elevator.

"I ammmm going to cummmmm", she screamed. "Cum with meeee pleaseeeee!!!"

That was all the encouragment I needed, I started pumping up hard, into her down strokes. Myra was now riding me fast and furiously, moaning louder and louder. I could hear her juices sloushing around my prick, and her unrecognizable words coming from her mouth were driving me closer to the brink.

Myra came down hard on me, as I pumped hard into her, and that is all it took. I felt my cum run through my veins as in slow motion before shooting out and into her already drenched pussy. Myra felt my cock pulse and that sent her over the edge, she began to dig her nails into my bare chest and moan uncontrollablly. Moving at such a fast and furious pace all I could make out was the blur of flesh tone.

She pounded down on my dick on last time as she just died with total sexual full fillment. As she layed on top of me recovering we began a long sensual kiss, and were just enjoying our encounter when the lights flickered in the elevator, then popped on.

Myra jumped off me, our combined juices flooding out of her pussy and onto my dick and the elevator floor. I heard the muffled sounds of voices, looking around I found my walkie talkie buried under my clothes that were bunched up in the corner. I found the walkie talkie and heard our maintence man asking me if were ready to move.

I was just tucking in my securtiy shirt and Myra was finishing straightening out her uniform and combing her hair when the elevator doors opened up to the basement and the back entrance. There were several people standing there looking suspiciously at us as we stepped off.

Myra looked at me with that same sparkle in her eye, grabbed my arm as before and led me out into the now moonlit courtyard.