 INTRODUCTION & DISCLAIMER: In New England in the spring of 1978, Senator Gary Sinclair, his beautiful wife Susannah and their adult kids Justin, Annabel and Clarissa are a good-looking, idealized family on the American political scene, the Senator standing for integrity, honesty ethics and morality.

Behind the scenes, however, things are not so perfect with the Sinclair family, something Simon, a 19-year-old college student employed at their exclusive country club, finds out in a big way.

Enjoy a visit back to the late 1970s, and check out my other retro submissions from the 1940s, 1960s, 1970s & 1990s, with new stories set in the early 1900s, 1920s, 1930s, 1950s & 1980s to come soon! Please rate and comment.

All characters engaging in sexual activity are aged 18 & over, and all characters, events and businesses are fictional, with similarity to actual events or persons living or dead coincidental and unintentional. The story contains strong adult themes.

***

THE anti-war and burn-your-bra feminism movements common to student bodies and prominent in the early 1970s had largely dissipated towards the end of that decade, however left-wing politics retained a strong presence at college campuses.

With Vietnam over by two years, the left-wing students found other things to despise, and at the New England college where 18-year-old Simon Smith commenced as a freshman late in the summer of 1977, this was the nearby country club. Membership of the country club was exclusive and highly restricted, and if one had to ask how much membership fees cost, then one could not afford to belong. The left-wing student movement on campus saw the country club as a symbol of all that was wrong with America, full of elitism and snobbery, a place of evil to be reviled.

Simon took little interest in student politics. He was there to study for his degree, and to play football. One thing he was interested in, however, was money, needing a part time job to pay his way. So when the country club needed versatile and enthusiastic employees, Simon applied to the advertisement and was hired, the manager impressed with the clean-cut, dark haired handsome young man, who had not followed the trends common among guys his age of collar-length and excessive facial hair.

Simon's father was a landscape gardener, his mother ran a cleaning business and his aunt owned a restaurant, so Simon's experience assisting with all of these were a great advantage. Sometimes he would be out gardening in the pristinely maintained grounds, other times cleaning and others wearing a tuxedo and waiting upon tables in the dining room.

Despite many of his fellow students' disparaging comments about the country club, he enjoyed working there, and by April 1978, by which time he had turned 19, he was one of the most valued young employees. Some of the club members were really nice. There was a group of middle-aged ladies who played bridge and canasta and who always talked to him, and the elderly gentlemen who smoked cigars and sipped fine brandy in the lounge. And tonight, as Simon sat up in bed wearing his boxer shorts, he was about to experience the charms of a particularly nice member of the country club.

The bed Simon was in was not his own, but belonged to a certain Miss Vanessa Richards, in a very nice apartment financed by her extremely wealthy parents. Vanessa, like Simon aged 19, had a trust fund Simon could not even comprehend, but unlike many rich kids, was largely unspoiled by her great wealth. The young heiress could easily live a life of leisure, but was keen to get a college degree - at a university far more exclusive than the one Simon attended - and work in her father's vast business empire, much like her older brother.

Simon thought how much more comfortable Vanessa's bed was than the one he had in his dorm room as he waited for her to finish using the bathroom, the blue lava-lamp on his side of the bed and the pink one on Vanessa's side rising and falling in unison. He heard Vanessa flush the toilet and wash her hands, then the bathroom door opened and she emerged.

Vanessa was a tall, slim and exceptionally pretty girl, with long dark hair, fair skin and blue eyes. Wearing a white blouse, blue jeans and platform sandals, she walked towards the bed and stood for a second, a mischievous gleam in her eyes. Slowly she unbuttoned her blouse, then removed the garment, leaving her standing with her flat stomach exposed and her firm C-cup breasts covered by a white bra. She kicked off her shoes and stood barefoot, before unbuttoning her jeans, her white panties coming into view as Vanessa hooked her thumbs into her jeans and slid them down her long slender legs and stepping out of them. 

Now wearing just her bra and panties, Vanessa jumped onto the bed and slid her bare feet under the covers, she and Simon kissing deeply and embracing, Simon getting hard as he felt the teenager's firm, warm body against his, her breasts pressed against his chest. Vanessa's hand teased his erection and she said, "Somebody feels like he's enjoying himself."

Vanessa sat up in bed and reached behind her back, unhooking and taking off her bra, her breasts now bare. Simon took them in his hands and kissed and caressed them, the crotch of Vanessa's panties dampening as her vagina responded. Pushing back the covers so each could get a better view of the other's bodies, Vanessa and Simon embraced each other tightly, Simon's hand going down the back of Vanessa's panties, feeling the firm cheeks of her bottom. Vanessa put her own hand inside Simon's boxer shorts, feeling his ever-hardening cock and teasing his balls with her fingers.

After this foreplay, Simon slid out of his boxer shorts and his cock stood out at close to an angle of 90 degrees, Vanessa looking most impressed as she took down her panties, Simon feeling even more blood flowing to his groin at the sight of Vanessa's pubic hair, a forest of luxurious dark curls that covered her mound and went between her legs. The reflection of the teenager's bare bottom was visible in the mirror on the other side of the bedroom.

Vanessa removed her panties from her bare feet, seductively waving them just in front of Simon's face. On the double-cotton of the saddle, he could see a few creamy-colored stains and could just make out her soft, delicate feminine smell on the white undergarment. Putting her panties down, Vanessa reached across and picked up the condom Simon had at the ready, the young man getting a great view of Vanessa's vagina as she opened her legs while doing this, her pink-oval shaped pussy visible through her pubic hair.

"Are you going to put it on me?" asked Simon hopefully. He loved feeling Vanessa's sensual hands when she did this.

Vanessa smiled. "Of course." With that, the girl opened the condom packet, removed it and with delicate, teasing fingers, slid it onto Simon's cock, rolling it down so it completely covered his shaft.

Rolling onto her back, Vanessa spread her legs wide open, her hairy pussy and further down the tight opening to her anus exposed. Simon got on top of Vanessa and slid inside her, feeling the hot interior of the teenager's vagina through the condom. He began to move forward and back in rhythm, Vanessa pushing her pussy back and forth to double both her pleasure and his. They held each other tightly and kissed deeply as they made love in the missionary position, Simon loving the feel of Vanessa's bare breasts against his chest.

After more than ten minutes of intense pleasure, Vanessa's toes curled up, her legs went rigid and the tingling sensation from her clitoris became a wave of pleasure that swept through her vagina and into her rectum, the girl feeling sweating and breathing rapidly as she reached orgasm, her pussy juice soaking her own crotch and Simon's pubic hair too.

Simon was just 20 seconds behind Vanessa. He also went rigid, his face froze with a delighted expression and inside Vanessa's vulva, his cock exploded, sticky white semen filling the condom. Simon withdrew from Vanessa, and the girl indicated for him to kneel on the bed.

Eager to do this, Simon followed her directions, while Vanessa quickly grabbed a small pink towel and folded it, placing it on the bed close to Simon and sitting her bare bottom and wet pussy down upon it, her legs forming a diamond shape at the front, bare feet together, her bushy triangle of black pubic hair and vagina visible.

Vanessa leaned forward and put her mouth over Simon's dick, tasting her own pussy as she removed the condom, taking the rubber contraceptive in her mouth, then pulling it out and allowing the semen to run over her teeth and tongue, before swallowing it with a big gulp.

Simon and Vanessa kissed and caressed on the bed for a few minutes, their naked bodies writhing against each other, before going into the bathroom. Vanessa ran a bath, putting in plenty of bubble-bath and they climbed in, Vanessa sitting on Simon's lap, the young man feeling her vagina and her pubic hair on his leg, and enjoying splashing water and bubbles all over her tits. Simon particularly enjoyed it when Vanessa stood up to make herself comfortable, giving him a view of her bare bottom and her pubic hair covered in soap and bubbles.

Finishing in the bath, Simon and Vanessa dried each other off with soft towels and jumped into bed, Simon wearing his boxers and Vanessa barefoot in an over-sized blue tee-shirt over fresh white panties with blue flowers.

Spring rain was falling in the darkness outside as Simon and Vanessa lay in bed, Vanessa drifting off first, Simon sniffing her beautiful dark hair and pondering many things. Firstly, how comfortable her bed was compared to the dorm, and second, how much he loved spending time with her. Simon knew that they were not in a relationship, not even dating, just getting together for casual sex but he was not complaining. He knew that Vanessa did not want to be tied to just one guy, and he was not the only one to share her bed, so just intended to enjoy himself while pleasuring Vanessa at the same time.

Simon fell himself less than five minutes later, and when he and Vanessa awoke the next morning, enjoyed hot morning sex, Vanessa riding him like a cowboy. After a steamy shower together, Simon using a soft pink washcloth to clean first Vanessa's vagina and then her anal area, they dressed to start their days at college.

"So, when can we do this again?" Simon asked.

Vanessa smiled apologetically. "Not this week, I'm afraid. I've got a lot on at college, and I have to go to New York with my parents and brother for the weekend."

"How about this time next week?" suggested Simon.

Again, Vanessa shook her head. "Sorry, my Aunt Flo is coming to visit me then."

"Your Aunt Flo?" asked Simon. He could not remember Vanessa ever mentioning an Aunt Flo, or Florence in any of their conversations. "I've never heard you mention her before."

Vanessa laughed. "Simon, its girl code. It means that next week is my period."

"Oh," exclaimed Simon, flustered. "Sorry, I didn't know."

Vanessa smiled. "Well, I don't advertise it in the newspaper or bulletin board. But how about the week after? I don't have anything on then, and Aunt Flo will have gone."

"Sounds great," said Simon. "I can't wait."

"Me either," said Vanessa, she and Simon kissing deeply then going to lectures and tutorials at their different colleges.

*

The evening saw Simon working in the country club restaurant, waiting tables in his tuxedo. While Vanessa was one of the most pleasant members of the country club, tonight he was serving people who were not so nice.

The country club restaurant was extremely busy for a midweek evening outside of summer, and Simon and the fellow waiters and waitresses were ran off their feet, as were the chefs and other kitchen staff. It was emphasized to all employees that the wealthy and influential members of the exclusive country club were to receive the highest level of customer service at all times; however, one particular family were afforded service over and above this at all times.

This family was the family of Senator Gary Sinclair, consisting of the Senator himself, his wife Susannah and their three adult children, son Justin and identical twin girls Annabel and Clarissa. Senator Sinclair was a politician who had a lot of influence in the local area, and a tall, good-looking, brown-haired man of 48, he and his family were a familiar sight in newspapers, and at social and political events. Senator Sinclair stood for office on a platform of conservatism, old-fashioned morals and good values, a platform that had seen him easily returned to office every election since the early 1960s.

Mrs. Sinclair was a very attractive, tall, slim blonde aged 45, who had passed on her good looks to her daughters, both Annabel and Clarissa stunning 18-year-old blondes who attended an exclusive girls' school. Justin, aged 21 and an Ivy-league student, was much like a younger version of his father in looks; tall, handsome and with brown hair. The good looking family, looking an idealized version of America, were an essential part of the Senator's political campaigns. However, away from the media when political opponents and commentators were not around, they were anything but ideal.

Senator Sinclair was an arrogant man, insistent upon getting his own way and making sure people knew who he was at all times. This was never done openly, such as the man blustering and demanding instant attention or asking, 'Do you know who I am?' but discretely, with subtlety.

His son seemed to have inherited his father's arrogance as well as his looks, but Justin was far less discrete about it, looking down his nose at people he thought inferior to himself and considering himself above things such as waiting or manners. Justin also seemed to think that he was exempt from driving laws, speeding and generally driving dangerously in his sports car. Once, he had nearly run into Simon while screaming into the car park in his sport's car at break-neck speed, but rather than apologize he merely exited the vehicle and walked into the country club without so much as a backwards glance.

The two daughters, Annabel and Clarissa were a pair of absolute little snobs, their blue eyes giving looks of contempt to anybody they considered below them, which of course included all people who worked at the country club. They would rarely so much as speak to anybody who did not reach their lofty standards, and if addressed by such a person would sigh in unison and respond in as few words as possible, rolling their eyes and turning up their noses in a display of disdain and contempt.

The only nice member of the family was Susannah Sinclair, who would always be polite and well-mannered, and would reprimand her kids for being rude if it came to her attention. Unfortunately, her husband tended to over-ride her good work, instilling in their son and daughters that they were superior to most other people.

Joining the family for dinner this evening were the Senator's two assistants, Hayley and Robert. Simon had encountered them many times before, and cared little for either. Robert was aged in his late 20s, a tall skinny man with glasses and brown hair, who always wore suits. A faceless yes-man and a sycophant, Robert's standard responses to his employer were 'Yes Senator', 'No Senator', 'Three bags full Senator' and 'How high shall I jump Senator?'

Hayley, also aged in her late 20s, was the superior of the Senator's two assistants, a slim and stunningly attractive redhead with long flowing hair, extraordinarily fair skin and green eyes. Her beauty helped mask an arrogant and unpleasant young woman, who no matter where she was gave orders like she owned the place, snapping her fingers to get attention and if needing to explain something, would talk down to the person in a patronizing, condescending manner. The girl lived on her nerves and spent an inordinate amount of time talking on the telephone, always demanding to use a telephone in the country club office rather than the pay phone. Simon thought that Hayley would love it if she could somehow carry a telephone with her, to make and take calls anywhere and at any time.

Tonight was little different to the many times Simon had served them. Always polite and professional, he gave them the wine lists and menus, and returned to take their orders. The Senator and his wife ordered one type of white wine, Robert gushing to ensure he ordered the same as his employer. Hayley had asked one question after another about the wine list, before ordering a sweet white.

Senator Sinclair and his son, wearing identical shirts, jacket and trousers ordered their food, Justin not even bothering to look at Simon when giving his order. As with the wine, Robert ordered the exact same entrée and main course as the Senator. Mrs. Sinclair and her daughters, who all wore red dresses and contrasting with Hayley, who wore a green dress, placed their orders. Annabel and Clarissa made no attempt to disguise their displeasure at having to address somebody so far below them directly, their much more polite mother giving each teenager a disapproving glare. Simon took Hayley's order and returned to the kitchen.

When the wine and other drinks arrived at the table, Simon handed them out and was about to depart to serve another table, when he heard Hayley's voice, and then the snap of her fingers. "Excuse me? Yes you, over here!" Simon turned in time to see Hayley snap her fingers again, and disguising his contempt for the young woman's rudeness, went back to the table.

"Can I assist you ma'am?" asked Simon.

"I hope so," said Hayley, her voice taking on its patronizing and condescending tone. "I ordered a sweet white wine, however what you have brought me is a dry white. If I had wanted a dry white, then I would have ordered a dry white wine. Can you return this, and get me a sweet white; not another dry white, not a red, not a rose, but a sweet white wine like I ordered in the first place? The wine that comes from a bottle with the label that indicates that sweet white wine is inside?"

"Right away, ma'am," said Simon, taking the wine glass that Hayley thrust at him, Simon noticing the Senator's wife glowering at Hayley, the woman clearly uncomfortable and irritated.

Retrieving the correct wine, and resisting the urge to spit into the glass, Simon returned to the Senator's table and placed the new glass in front of Hayley. "Sorry about that ma'am," he said.

Without thanking him, Hayley picked up the glass. "Let me see if you've got it right this time." She took a sip and gave him a fake smile. "Congratulations, you've got it right this time. You've poured sweet white wine into a glass and brought it to a customer who ordered sweet white wine. Well done."

Simon ignored the young woman, and Senator Sinclair, his family and their guests sat talking, Simon noticing Robert gushing, "That sounds like such a wonderful idea, Senator," at one such political idea the Senator raised.

However, on such a busy night, there were inevitable delays, and soon Justin, Annabel and Clarissa were complaining.

"When is our food going to get here?" protested Annabel to her siblings.

"I can't believe how slow they are, the service is terrible," conferred Clarissa.

"That waiter probably lost our order, or the idiots in the kitchen have messed it up," said Justin.

"Kids, be patient, it is busy tonight, there might be delays," warned their mother.

"We shouldn't have to wait this long," said Clarissa.

"Why don't I take care of this?" suggested Senator Sinclair, pushing back his chair to get to his feet.

"Gary, no, we can wait like everybody else," said his wife.

Her husband smiled. "Why should we wait, honey, when we don't have to?"

"Gary, there are people who were here before us who haven't received their dinner yet," said Susannah, but Gary paid his wife no attention, and went over to the restaurant manager.
