 Strong sexual content

Silvia was lucky and found a handicap parking space at her doctor's office. After she got the van parked she unlatched her wheelchair from behind the steering wheel and pushed the button that opened the door and put the lift out. She maneuvered the chair on to the platform and let the lift down to the ground. She was new to all of this as she had only been in the wheelchair for about 9 months. The muscles in her arms were still developing and she had help at home almost every day. 

Sil was 25, had been about 5'4" tall before both of her legs were amputated at the hip joint and now weighed less than 94 pounds. She had been diagnosed with cancer of the bone and tissue and the only way to keep it from spreading further was to amputate her legs. It had also gotten into her vertebra and two metal rods were placed on either side of the whole length of her spine to support it. This caused her to be rigid from her shoulders (T-2) down to her tail bone.

She got all checked in and was sitting in the waiting room. A male about her age came over and sat by her as it was the last chair in the waiting room. They had just started to talk when Sil's name was called and she followed the medical assistant to an exam room. 

She was at her orthopedic doctor today for two reasons. It was time for a check up on the spinal fusion and she had developed a vaginal yeast infection. One of the nurse practitioners was a very close friend of hers; in fact they had been lovers. Her doctor pronounced she was great and the surgery had been a success. Her tests showed she was cancer free. Sil had confided in her doctor, a female also, about the other problem and she said she would send Kate in to see her. I will order whatever she needs.

Shortly Kate came in and they hugged as it had been a while since they had seen each other. Sil had already talked to Kate on the phone so she knew what was up. Kate had said that the chemo sometimes caused this problem. She helped Sil get on to her back and get her top pulled up. She removed the sanitary napkin and did a pelvic exam and got a smear from her vagina and cervix. Both women were relaxed as they had been at each other's pussy on more than one occasion. Kate remarked how sexy she thought Sil was with no legs and how easy she would be to get to. Sil remarked yeah but who would want to see me like this. Kate reached up and took her hand and said I can think of lots of men and women who would want to.

Kate inserted some cream and gave the rest of the tube to Sil to repeat using it for the next several days until the tube was empty. Sil thanked her and Kate helped her put the Kotex back on, get dressed and back into her wheelchair. They had a quick kiss and Sil said that they should get together again one of these days. When Sil went back out into the waiting room the fellow that had sat by her was gone. She thought he might have been interested in her. She headed back out to her van and on her way home. She stopped at the Chinese restaurant and they brought her order out to her van because she had known them for a long time. 

Sil got to her new fully accessible apartment and put her dinner in the ice box as it was only 3 in the afternoon. She rolled into the bedroom and parked in front of the mirror on her closet door. She looked at herself thinking back on all that had happened to her in the past few months. First had been a lumpectomy in her right almost nonexistent breast. If it were not for her large nipples and areolas there would be nothing there on either side. She very seldom wore a bra and had taken to wearing long sweaters or blouses only that ended just below the amputation sites. She did not wear panties because they would not stay on and just sat on washable pads. 

Sil pulled the light sleeveless sweater up over her head and put it on a chair. The scar on her right breast was mostly healed and did not show much. It had been almost a year since that surgery. Next her legs were amputated. The doctor was afraid he might have to do a bilateral hemipelvectomy but it was not necessary at least not for now. She did remove most of the muscle and tissue in the buttock areas pulling the flap from the front to the back to cover the area. Sil was now sitting on her pelvis. 

With not much left to sit on she had a belt that attached to the left handle of her wheelchair and ran over her shoulder, between her breasts and fastened to the right metal bar that held the seat back in place just under her right arm. This was to keep her from falling forward and out of the chair and to have both hands free. 

As Sil sat looking at herself she made a decision. She was going to have saline implants put in her breasts. Her legs had always been her best attribute but now they were gone. She had another friend that was a plastic surgeon and she would call her office in the morning. Sil rolled into her shower and she was able to transfer to the bench. There was also a belt attached to the grab bars that she could put around her chest to keep from falling off the bench. She did so and pushed her chair out and closed the glass door. Almost all of the pain was gone from her surgeries but she was still careful about moving around on her hips. The doctor had placed the stitches holding the skin flaps behind her and on the sides so she was not sitting right on the incisions. 

The one thing she really enjoyed about her shower was not running out of hot water. She could sit for a long time under the spray letting it sooth her muscles. As she pushed the wheelchair out she checked the pad to see of there was any sign of her period. Kate had not said anything earlier except to ask when her last one was. It has been a while she thought. Since she had her tubal ligation and off the pill, she was quite irregular. In a way she looked forward to them as she was very Horney before and during it. The only sex she had since her amputations was her own fingers and now that everything was almost 100% healed she was getting herself off more and more. Kate had been good and not bugged her but her fingers today said she was still very much interested. Sil thought that when this infection was over she would call her. The fellow at the doctor's office also ran through her mind.

After she got done with her shower she checked her e-mail and decided she was hungry and fixed the Chinese she had brought home. Just as she got done her phone rang and it was Kate. She told Sil the lab reported there was nothing bad in the smear, it was just a yeast infection as they thought. She laughed saying I must tell you no sex with anyone for at least 10 days. Sil laughed and said not even with myself? Kate answered only if I get to watch. Sil said she had a better idea; she should come over tomorrow afternoon and administer another dose to her. Kate said deal, what time. They worked a time out and said good night. Sil got the kitchen cleaned up and headed to bed, she had been sitting on what was left of her butt most of the day and needed to get off of it. She read for a while, thought about Kate, got herself off and went to sleep.

The next morning Sil called the plastic surgeons office and made an appointment to see her. She was able to get in next week as there had been a cancelation. Next she did some exercises with the hand weights to strengthen her arms and shoulders. She quickly found out that what the physical therapist had told her was true; she needed them for almost everything. 

Kate got there on time and they sat on the balcony talking for some time and Sil told her about the breast implants. Kate was surprised but was very supportive and understood why she was doing it. Kate confided she almost had it done some years ago but did not go through with it. Her 36 C's were adequate she laughed. They headed into the bedroom and Kate helped Sil get into bed after removing the t-shirt she had on. Sil reached out and undid and pulled the tie cord on Kate's scrub pants lose and she let them fall to the floor. A bright skimpy thong showed. Kate pulled the scrub top over her head exposing a very skimpy bra that was very full. Sil reached behind her and undid the clasp and Kate shrugged her shoulders letting it slip off. Sil immediately pulled Kate towards her and latched on to her very rigid nipple with her mouth. 

Kate moaned loudly saying she had missed that so much. After a few minutes Sil reached up for her trapeze bar and pulled herself into bed. Kate joined her and they started kissing. Kate worked down to Sil's nipples and soon added her hand to the area where her legs used to be. She rubbed around the whole area then found her long pussy lips protruding out several inches. They were very slick with both the lub from all the stimulation and the vag cream that was running out with it. Kate inserted two fingers at the same time and immediately found Sil's G spot. She had barely started to finger it and Sil came big time. Kate kept her going by adding her thumb to her clit for some time. Sil finally pushed her hand away yelling uncle!

Kate got up to the bathroom and washed her hands off. She got a warm wet wash cloth and towel and went back and cleaned Sil up good. There were not a lot of positions that Sil could get into now with her spine fixed. She reached out to Kate and asked her to move up so she could get to her breasts again then wanted her to sit on her face. She put her nipple into Sil's mouth and enjoyed what was happening to it. After a few minutes of attention to each one she sat up and kneeled along side of Sil's head. She lowered her shaved pussy down and Sil started in on it, licking and sucking her lips and finally she got to her clit. As Sil sucked the whole area into her mouth, her tongue was attacking the tip of her clit that was sticking well out of its hood. Kate exploded grinding herself even more into Sil's mouth. 

Finally Kate could not take any more and lifted herself away from Sil's mouth. She stretched out beside her and finally got her breath back. She moved her face over to kiss Sil and found it covered with her pussy juice. She kissed every inch loving the taste of her cum. The girls finally slipped off to sleep for a short nap.

After about 20 minutes they awakened and held each other. Kate said I have a proposition for you. The plastic surgeon's office was right next to her office and they all knew each other. Kate asked Sill if she was going to have a fixed size implanted or a saline one that more and more saline was added to so it would expand more and more. Sil said the one so I can keep adding saline. Kat said great; you are going to need someone to keep adding saline and that means lots of trips to the office. I will do you right here, and add the saline, with them both breaking up, and in return you help me start lactating by sucking on my breasts a lot. Sil was surprised Kate was into this but readily agreed to it. She loved sucking on Kate's breasts as Kate well knew. Kate explained that they should do it as much as possible and that she would use her fingers and hands to stimulate herself at other times.

Sil asked Kate to check her again as she had also had a couple of orgasms while eating her. Kate washed her again, put the nozzle for the medication into her vagina and injected some more and then put her Kotex back on. She then helped her sit up in bed. She asked Sil if she could look at her back and Sil said no problem and turned some. Kate ran her finger up and down both scars which barley showed. She could feel the rods and where they were attached to the spinal column. Sil said her fingers felt good. Kate slipped a t-shirt over Sil and helped her back into the chair. She got herself dressed and headed home. 

On Tuesday she had her appointment with the plastic surgeon. They had not seen each other for a while and got caught up on what all had been going on. The Dr was very interested in seeing her amputations and the spinal surgery. She was glad to hear she was cancer free right now and they talked about the various kinds of implants. Sil told her she would like to have the type that more saline could be added and she understood that with very little breast tissue now it would take a while for the skin to stretch. She would also, if possible, like to have breasts that were a little fuller on the bottom and that the nipple ended up on the upper part. The Dr told her that all of that was possible and showed her before and after pictures on her computer. She asked just how big she wanted to be at the end and Sil said that was the part she was not just sure of yet. The doctor said just let her know early enough so she could have the right size at surgery time. Sil said no problem. They said good bye for now and the nurse helped her get dressed and back in to her chair. The nurse told her she hoped she was not out of line by saying how sexy she looked with no legs. Sil said she was not out of line and thanks, she agreed also. 

Sil stopped in next door to try and see Kate and the guy was there! She rolled up to him and introduced herself to him saying she was sorry they did not get to talk last time. He said he was also and that his name was Jason. He asked if she could stay and talk that he would be a while seeing his doctor as he was an add on today. Sil said sure she would like that. They talked for about an hour and then he was called into the exam room. They had exchanged phone numbers and he said he would call her. During the whole time neither one had talked about their medical problems.

After Jason went back to the exam rooms Sil left and went home. She got on line and looked at various breast augmentation sites that the doctor had told her to look at. She decided that a 32 to 34 inch D cup would look great on her as small as she was. Even her wheelchair was not full sized. Looking at the pictures had made her wet and she went into the bathroom to pee and change her Kotex. Sil noticed that there was a small amount of blood on it now so her period must be starting. She wondered how heavy it would be this time. After she finished she went into the bedroom and was going to get on the bed and masturbate. 

Just as she started to transfer out of her wheelchair the phone rang and it was Jason. He did not sound real good and he asked her if she could meet him someplace for dinner. She told him he should come to her place as it was quiet and they could talk better. He finally agreed and got the address and directions. Sil changed into another blouse, no bra, and was ready when the doorbell rang. She let him in and could tell from his face that something was wrong. She led him into the living room and had him sit on the couch. She pulled her wheelchair up right in front of him and asked what was going on. 

Jason took a deep breath and said the doctors just told him he had a brain tumor. Sil said oh no and pulled her chair up to the end of the couch and took hold of his hand. He continued that they thought it was non-malignant but it was a rapid growing type and they needed to get it out as soon as possible. He bowed his head into her hand and quietly said and when they get it out I will be totally blind. Sil as rapidly as she could moved to the couch, transferred and sat next to him pulling him into her arms and holding him tight. She was sure he had all he could do to keep from crying. She finally told him to go ahead and let it all out and he did. 

She knew he could feel the steel rods in her back as he held her and she quietly told him she had cancer also and that was why she had no legs and the rods in her back. He lifted his head from her shoulder and said I wondered if that was it when I saw you at the doctor's office. Sil asked if they were sure about the blindness and he said they were very sure, had even taken more pictures and the tumor was right on the area of the brain where sight was processed. She asked when it was scheduled and he said day after tomorrow, he had to be in the hospital tomorrow evening. Sil said that is not much time and looked him in the eye. For some reason she had a strong attraction to him.

Jason said he had no right to ask her this but could he spend the night with her. He admitted he was an amputee devotee and this would be his last chance to get the vision of her into his memory. Sil, without hesitation, said sure you can, just one problem, I have an infection and can't have sex and was on her period. He said that did not matter, he just wanted to look and touch tonight. They held on to each other for a while then Sil got back into her wheelchair with Jason helping her and they went into the kitchen and she fixed some dinner. He asked questions about her medical problems and she answered them for him. He told her more about his problems and how he ended up at the doctor. 

They finished dinner and he helped with the dishes and they headed to the bedroom. He sat on the bed facing her in her abbreviated wheelchair and asked if she wanted him to leave his clothes on. She said absolutely not, I want to see you as much as you want to see me. He grinned for the first time and said good, I was hoping you would say that. Sil told him that all she had on was the blouse which was how she dressed most of the time. She added she had a Kotex pad and belt on and hoped he was not grossed out by that. He said no, it did not bother him at all, and in fact he liked it. Sil said good, so do I as I am Horney as hell right now. She told him about her infection and why no penetration. He asked if she could use a tampon for now and Sil said she did not see why she could not. She asked if he would like to take a shower with her and he said he would love it, very good way to get to see her.

He reached forward and undid the buttons on her blouse and helped her off with it. Sil helped him undress and lastly pulled his jockey shorts down. Sil was shocked as a very large and long, uncut cock greeted her eyes and it was right in front of her face with him standing before her. He also had a very large ball sack with what looked like two golf balls in it. Jason was not that big a person for such a large cock and balls. He was mostly hard she saw and he said sorry, but you do that to me. Sil said no problem, I thought I would turn men off in my condition. I have not been with one since my problems started. Jason said he was sort of glad he could not have intercourse with her tonight but after his surgery, if she was still interested in a blind man, they could continue on.

Sil looked up at him with tears in her eyes and said him being blind would not be a problem for her and was looking forward to being with him more if he wanted that also. Jason bent down and kissed her and then lifted her out of her chair and carried her into the bathroom. As light as she was he was able to hold her in one arm and pulled the belt and pad from her dropping it in the trash. She had him sit her on the john and Sil tried contracting her vagina to get rid of as much blood and vag cream as possible. She felt the short hair as it grew back from the chemo but nothing she could do about it now. Jason had gone to get her wheelchair and put a towel on the seat. Sil wondered if he had been around crippled wheelchair women before. Looking him in the eye she asked if he wanted her to put a tampon in now or wait. Looking back at her he said wait.

After Sil was done he picked her up and carried her to the shower. He had put a folded towel on the bench and laid her gently on it. The bench was just big enough for her to lie on it and for Josh to be able to look at her amputations. His last look needed to be memorable. She was able to show him everything that had been done and was able to turn enough to show the back of her rear end and that there was no muscle or tissue left and where the very fine scar was where the doctor put her back together. 
