 Beautiful crisp spring weather and a glass of cool lemonade was all that a little sweet southern belle could ask for on this day of lazy contemplation. Breezy soft air collected perfume from the velvety rose garden with its splashes of fuchsia, shell pink, buttercup yellow, pale peach, and shocking red. The clumsy clouds with their oddball shapes like fluffy cotton candy and marshmallows danced above my head. The robin's egg blue colored sky playing peek a boo with me as I sat under the magnolia tree spying on the variety of birds competing for perching places on the abundantly supplied birdfeeder.

This beauty around me was breath taking and under appreciated by many. The day was too nice to escape notice. I couldn't help but wish that I had someone with me to enjoy this quiet gentle canvas God supplied and nature painted. The warm air was hypnotic, relaxing me enough to loosen the buttons at the bodice of my powder blue sundress. I leaned back against the massive bark of the tree; books scattered around my petite form on the multicolored quilt Granny made years ago. 

I don't know how long my new neighbor was there in his own flower garden with its multitude of buttercups, daisies, and other wild flowers before I noticed him. I could tell from the way he were singing those off colored sailor songs that he didn't know I was close by, lost in the splendor of my own piece of heaven. With amusement I watched as he danced around the glorious sunflowers he had planted by the picket fence, for more privacy I assumed. They had to have been 7 feet tall and so beautiful, yellow ochre in color and essence. His dancing skills were funny, like those of a drunken Indian trying to entice rain with magic feet but getting snow instead. The soft musical sound of my giggle made him pause mid step, frozen.

My laughter increased as his head appeared under the heavy blossoms of the sunflowers. With his vibrant manliness, he looked out of place in all the coziness of the giant flowers. Upon seeing me, he smiled mischievously, like a boy caught stealing his first kiss. I radiated a smile in his direction that caused a blushing to his cheeks, which I believe hasn’t blushed in years. In the silence I said a tentative hello. His hello back was humble and endearing. I lifted my glass of lemonade, condensation accumulating, and pantomimed pouring him one. He hopped over his fence, trying to do so smoothly but I detected the faintest effort on his part. This amused me even more, the nonchalant air he was attempting to achieve all for the sake of appearance. 


"Welcome to the neighborhood," I said, handing him a glass of refreshing lemonade. His tanned fingers brushed mine; the effects sent chills up my arm. I caught his eye and held the stare as I waited for his response. My look was confident and friendly.

"Thank you, my dear," he said. "Nice rose garden. I can smell them when the morning breeze sails my way some mornings." He took a long gulp. "I didn't know you were here or I would have watched a Gene Kelly movie." My soft laugh seemed to please him. I traced designs in the moisture of my glass. 

"Sorry I haven't been over with the customary welcoming casserole. My Granny would roll over in her grave if she got wind of this." I whispered the last part from behind a slim hand. His laughter startled the birds, sending them squawking. 

"Well, I wish you had remembered because if this your cooking is as good as this lemonade I am in heaven." I kept silent and thanked Kool-Aide. "The kind Widow Brown brought over apple pie. I still have some left. Would you like a slice?"

"No thanks! She makes one for me every birthday. They are terrible. You can keep yours." I reproached him with a look, which sent him into more laughter. "Even the birds won't eat it. I have tried," I said trying to look stern but giggling anyway.

I was enjoying his vitality in my home of Eden. I was currently manless, a self-imposed state. I found the exchange we were having to be entertaining. So did he I could tell. He was sneaking sly glances at me from over the top of his glass. His glance was melted to my bodice, which was showing off an eyeful of cleavage. I pretended not to notice the increase in my heart rate. I hadn't felt desire in a long time for a man I was meeting the first time. Usually attraction had a way of sneaking up on me, but this time it was different. He was interesting and I wanted to know more.

"You should know that at night when I am in my study, I can see through your windows," he said solemnly. "I wouldn't want you to think that I was purposefully trying to peep at you, even though I really am." His smile made a hot flash course through my body. I was quiet, remembering that last night I had looked out the window towards his house and got the impression that the shadows were moving in the darkness. I also remembered that I had been clad only in my underwear. 

"So, cowboy have you seen anything interesting?" I glanced down at my lap, smoothing the fabric over my knee. His answering remark caused me to flush.

"I am now, Miss Moppet." He caught my delicate hand in his, bringing it to his lips. He kissed the open palm and brushed it across his cheek. "Soft," he whispered. Still holding my hand, he leaned over towards me, his breath tickling my lips and said, "You owe me a welcome to the neighborhood kiss. The kind Widow Brown gave me one. But I think I will like yours better."

His lips were gentle on my trembling ones. I was nervous. I hadn't kissed any one in almost a year. I was so shy suddenly. A small helpless fly trapped in the enticing carnal web he was creating. I was swept away in the intensity of his kisses, his tongue stealing my will power. He placed his free hand on the nape of my neck, sliding fingers through the auburn tresses. We couldn't break the melding our lips and tongues. He pulled my lithe frame against his strong firm one. His kisses rained down my chin, over my neck and landed on the top of my right breast where it swelled over. 

I knew that I should stop this. One shouldn't let a neighbor seduce you in brood daylight; especially one that you had just met face to face. Granny would really have a cow if she saw what was transpiring under the shelter of the magnolia tree, she and Grandpa planted before my mamma was born over 55 years ago. But Granny was not around to shoo him away with her broom. I was lost in his kisses, captured by his touch, entangled in his embrace and burned by his passion. I couldn't stop; no more than one can stop the rain.

I sighed with pleasure as his lips captured a dark rosy nipple he released from the straining fabric of my dress. The warm spring air sent chills through that breast as he ventured over to the other breast. He said over his kisses, "I have been watching you. At first I tried not to. I felt guilty looking when you had no ideal that I could see you. But you are so beautiful, all pale and radiant in the evening light. I sit in the dark wanting to touch you, kiss you…love you. I touch my cock, stroking it wondering if you were as delicious as I thought you to be. I want you, my sweet beautiful neighbor. Give me the welcome wagon gift that only a woman like you can."

I was naked before he could finish the last sentence. His passion and the desire I saw in his eyes melted me. I forgot all manners and ethics. Let them be damned. He ignited a heat in me that was dormant and I thought long dead. I pulled at his clothes, trying to get him into the naked state that I was sporting. He suggested our retreat to the inside, but I refused. I needed him here in Eden, his Adam to my Eve. I didn't care about the other neighbors. The sanctuary of my roses hid us from prying eyes.

His mouth was on the outside of my pussy. With tenderness he kissed my pouting pussy lips, tugging a little on them. I shivered with anticipation. His tongue teased my wet slit, as I arched my back, touching his hair with one hand while I caressed my left breast with the other. He buried his tongue in my opening, moaning and licking with delight. His hands went to my breasts. I took one of his hands in mine, to bring a finger to my mouth. I sucked it as if it were his cock that I longed to taste and feel the hardness of him in my mouth.

I came, raining his face with wetness. He didn't stop as I came again and again. He had me powerless in his lip locked grip on my pussy. I whimpered and gyrated my hips against his expertness. I tugged hard on his hair, unrelenting in my desperation to kiss his mouth to taste myself on his lips. He had no choice but to come up for air and my lips. "Vixen!" He said as I licked his face, lapping my nectar from it. I placed my knee against his hardening cock. I looked down at it. My eyes returned to his face. I stroked his cheek as I whispered, "I want to taste you."

I pushed him back upon the quilt that Granny made which probably had seen this kind of activity before. I believed that I would explode if I didn't have his taste in my mouth. I inhaled deeply his masculine fragrance, the perfumed scent of the roses mingling with his manly odor. "Delightful," I said to him as I took a long lick down the shaft of his hard large cock, starting at the tip of the mushroom head and ending at the base of his pubic bone. He quivered under my gentle touch. I plunged my mouth down on him to inhale his hardness deep in my throat. I held him there, milking him into even more of a torrid state.

He cried out and pulled me up by my hair like I had done to him earlier. "I want to be inside you. I have to be inside you. I can't take this any longer. I am sorry, Love, but we will have time for exploring and teasing and enjoying and discovering later. For now we have to fuck. And I think you need a good fuck just like I do." He plunged his hard throbbing cock inside me, roughly shoving my knees apart. I cried out with joy and came immediately on his cock. He caught my mouth and kissed me so deeply. Our bodies locked in a dance more urgent than his earlier one. 

"I have to own you. Don't be afraid. You are a rare flower that is just too good to resist. Don't fight it, my blossom, I will be gentle." He said this as he was pulling out of my wet lips of Venus. His touch was gentle as his fingers caressed my face, his tone soft and caring "You see, Darling, I have fallen in this state of heaven, lust, love, whatever it is, while watching you. Stroking my cock at night, I come with violence and am left still wanting and needing. I can't stop this now. Don't fight it. I think you need it, too."

He rolled me over, pulling my knees up with my ass in the air. He slid inside my pussy for about five hard strokes. I came so violently. Then he was out. I whimpered like a little child who has lost her favorite dolly. His throbbing cock was touching and rubbing my ass cheeks. I wanted him there. This was so unusual. I didn't let lovers go there. It was a no man's land. But he was different. I braced myself for his plunge inside my tenderness. I felt lips there instead. He licked and teased me with his tongue as he placed demanding fingers upon my clit. I came again. He didn't stop his stroking on my clit. He made me come at least two more time. When he stopped, he kissed my round perky ass cheeks, whispering comforting words as he pushed his cock against the opening of my ass. The big head slid in easily. I was so relaxed from my orgasms that he had no trouble entering me. 

I felt him shiver and I could tell from his breathing that he was close to coming. He stood steady and still inside me. I gripped his cock with my inner muscles, milking it like I did when he was inside my pussy. He reached up and intertwined the fingers of one hand in my hair while the other hand gripped my hip tightly. "Stop," he said. When I didn't, he said, "Then take me." He started stroking in and out fast and hard, not caring for my comfort or if I was enjoying. He was lost in pleasure. Animal sounds were coming from his mouth, soul as I felt his cock grow to even more intensity and size. I reached between my legs to torture my clit with more pleasure. I wanted to come with his cock deep inside my ass, maybe even while he was coming.

When the explosion of my pussy happened, I don't think he knew that I had been touching myself. He was that intent on his pleasure. He cried out in a voice of thunder and let go his reserve with an even harder thrust as he came with such force I could feel it hit the walls of my ass. He fell forward, driving it inside deeper than before if that was possible. In my ear he whispered, "I think I am in love." He kissed my sweating neck and shoulder, sliding his arms under and around me, pulling me into a tight embrace. 

"Snuggle time," I said, kissing his arm. A voice, carried on the wind from my other next-door neighbor's yard, asked was all well. We giggled and pulled the quilt over us. The neighborhood needed some new gossip. I believe that he and I would have plenty to give.