 I wish I could say I played coy, or hard to get, but that would be an outright lie. Sparks flew between us the moment we saw each other. Three years of nothing but harmless e-mailing, suddenly burst into a cloud of smoke, and left us virtually naked before each other. I had fallen for his smile, and his quiet personality. He carried a sense of mystery around him, as though saying anything could result in disaster. I, on the other hand, decided that things had to be the way it should be. 

So with that, I invited him to my house. My backyard, actually. Eight acres of beautiful flat land, covered in grass and surrounding a small clearing, an endless multicolored sea of wildflowers that fluttered like a small wave in the wind. Trees provided privacy and shade, and just over a small peak, a large lake loomed. The tips of its crests sparkled like diamonds on the surface in the sunlight, rippling and coming to an abrupt halt at the shore. It too, was surrounded by trees and wildflowers. It was a private world that few had access to. 

He showed up late, and we sat in the clearing on a big blanket, eating a small picnic dinner. As soon as the time was right and the moon came out, we ran through the flowers to the pond, holding hands as if not to lose each other in the night. He stripped quickly, jumping into the water, and then turning to watch me. I took a little longer. My sundress was made of a gauzy soft material. Its hem flowed silently in the breeze around my knees. I reached to the back of my neck, and untied the halter-top from its tight confines. I held it to me for a moment, before letting it fall into a puddle of fabric at my feet. 

My slender silhouette framed by the moonlight was all I had to offer before I pulled the pins from my hair, letting down a waterfall of blonde curls that stopped at the middle of my back. I finished stripping down completely and joined him in the water. It was still surprisingly warm, having sucked up sunlight all day. I swam over to him, coming to rest behind him. My arms draped loosely over his shoulders, and I felt a tingle all over as our naked skin came in contact. 

Enjoying the feeling, I slowly began to kiss his shoulder, working my way up his neck, and nibbling on his earlobe. He started breathing a little raspier, taking in short spurts of air. He reached around and caressed my lower back; light, fluid movements that sent shockwaves through my body. As his hands ventured lower still, his fingertips left small trails where they touched. And then he turned around, grabbed me around the waist, and pulled me to him, taking in the sight of me in the moonlight, and then ever so lightly, pressed his lips to mine in a heart melting kiss. We gradually increased the intensity, the pressure forcing my lips open. As we broke away I gasped. The kiss had literally taken my breath away. My fingers reached down and wrapped themselves around my goal. He was throbbing, eagerly waiting and anticipating for what was in store. We didn't need to talk. Our eyes said it all.

We made our way back to the blanket, making sure to collect strewn items as we forged our way through the piercing darkness. We sat on the blanket, and he stared at me a moment before leaning in and kissing me passionately again. He gently laid me on the blanket, and began kissing my fingers, my cheeks, my lips, and gently sucking on my earlobe. He then made his way down my neck, his lips exploring my collarbone and the small hollow of my neck. His hands were moving like air over my skin, and each touch sent little shocks to every crevice of my body. 

Our bodies entwined, and I felt him move into me, and I just hugged him closer to me, relishing in this moment. This was bliss, heaven and sweet delicious hell in the same package. In the wilderness, we were nothing but animals. My moans were piercing the silence, and every movement sent thrills up my spine. And just as quickly as it started, he flipped over, so I was on top. I slowly began rising and falling with the beat of my heart, slowly at first. 

I looked at his face, lit by the moon as if by a spotlight. He was so caught up in the moment, his head thrown back in a mixture of pain and pleasure. His hands ventured over my skin, coming to rest on the small of my back. Lightly grazing, he moved lower still, cupping my bottom as he moved along with me. We were so in sync with each other, moving just right to send chills through each other. We were the only two people in the world at that moment. 

I lay on top of him, so that every inch of our bodies were touching. He pushed me up a bit, and took a nipple into his mouth, lightly sucking. I threw my head back in ecstasy, never wanting the moment to stop. He felt so nice inside me, and we felt so right. The wave of pleasure washed over my body, and I whimpered and kissed his neck, and as we came down together, we laid side by side on the blanket, breathing heavily and covered in a sheen of sweat that glistened in the moonlight. The stars blinked overhead, the only knowing eyes of the universe, winking as if sharing in our secret. He gently kissed me this time, thus ending the dream...and I woke up the next morning, wondering if it really happened.

-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-

I would really love getting some feedback on this. Please feel free to critique and let me know what you think. :)