 The minute I got into the cab I couldn't take my eyes off of her. She was wearing a black sundress that stopped at her knees and had ridden halfway up her thighs. Her soft smooth skin beckoned me as I drank in the intoxicating vision that sat next to me. Her full firm breasts were deliciously displayed to me as we rode from the airport to our hotel in Las Vegas. I slid my hand over to her and started to caress her thigh. She playfully pushed it away and gave me a look that told me I would have to wait until we got to the hotel. She deliberately licked her lips as she looked at me over her sunglasses. I should have known that she would make me wait. She was probably the most tempting woman that I had ever met.

Her name was Nikki and she oozed sexual desire. Chocolate brown hair draped over her tanned shoulders as she smiled at me. I could tell that she was aching for me just as badly, but she enjoyed the teasing and tempting. She knew that the longer we waited and held off the more powerful it would be when we finally gave in to our mutual desire. The ride to the hotel seemed to pass in the blink of an eye as we pulled up to the front door of the resort. I hurriedly paid the driver and grabbed our bags out of the trunk.

I impatiently waited in line as I wrapped my arm around her deliciously curved waist. She rested her head on my shoulder and the intoxicating aroma of her cocoa butter wafted into my nostrils making me ache for her even more. I was so entranced that I can't even remember what the clerk asked me when we checked in and was thankful that the room number was written on the envelope holding our keys. I quickly signed the paperwork and we started toward our hotel room, picking our way through the wandering tourists and flashing lights of the casino.

I ran my hand up and down her back as we waited for the elevator to come down, my fingers occasionally straying below the waistband of her tiny boy shorts. My desire was turning into a painful ache as the doors to the elevator mercifully opened and we were the only two people in the car on its way to the top floor. As the doors closed, I couldn't contain myself anymore and pulled her against me and pressed her lips to mine. My tongue swirled around hers as my hands caressed every inch of her body. She ground her body against me making my cock pulse and throb obscenely against my slacks as the elevator moved higher and higher. Just as the elevator reached the top, she pushed me away playfully and to the world we looked demure and innocent as the doors opened.

The door to our room was thankfully close to the elevator and I hurriedly unlocked the door and we went inside. It was modern and well appointed, with a large soft king size bed taking up most of the room. She locked the door behind us pushed me down onto to the bed. I struggled to get my slacks off as I was so aroused at this point it was painful to keep them on. As I slipped them off, she pulled her sundress over her head, revealing the tiny bra that barely contained her supple breasts and the tiny boy shorts I had felt just moments ago. 

I lay back on the bed admiring the sight before me. Her curves, lush and inviting, every inch of her called out to the lustful desires in me. I could feel my shaft pulsing and throbbing as she looked deep into my eyes and ran her hands over her body. I could barely breathe as she reached behind her back to unhook her bra. The movement pushed her breasts out even further, straining the fabric until she let it slip away from her body, revealing her full, heavy, intoxicating breasts. She then slowly leaned forward and slipped the boy shorts down her legs, revealing her entire form to me. Her pussy lips were swollen and glistening making it clear that she was aching for me as much as I was for her.

She walked over to the side of the bed and was just about to join me when I grabbed my camera phone. I wasn't about to let the moment pass without something to remember it, so I held it up and had her pose for just a moment so I could have a picture of this sensual vision that was about to make me writhe in ecstasy. I quickly took the picture and then tossed the phone aside, knowing I needed her right that very moment.

She laid down next to me and pressed her lips to mine, her body sliding against me as I moaned louder and louder. Her nails dragged over my swollen cock, her fingertips covered in precum as they slid over my throbbing head. Her eyes bored into mine as she raised her fingers to her lips and slowly sucked my juices off. I couldn't take it any longer and ran my hands over every inch of her body, luxuriating in her curves as I groped and caressed her smooth and supple skin. Then, in one swift motion she rolled me onto my back and straddled me, her wet swollen pussy pressed against my groin.

I looked up at her with hunger in my eyes as she dragged her pussy lips up and down my shaft. Soon my cock was coated in her juices as I moaned plaintively, anxious to drive my shaft deep into her tight wet pussy. She just licked her lips and smiled at me, seductively and teasingly squeezing and groping her breasts, displaying them to me without letting me touch. She squeezed and pinched her nipples, making herself moan as she pressed her pussy hard against me, letting me get as close as possible to entering her before pulling away slightly leaving me wanting more.

Finally, as she pressed her pussy against me again, I couldn't take it anymore. I reached out and grabbed her by the hips and guided her onto my shaft. My cock slowly pushed inside, pushing apart her tight wet pussy until I was buried inside. I could feel her muscles contracting as I thrust slowly and deeply, again and again. It was all I could do not to let my animal instincts take over and fuck her as hard as we could bear until we both exploded. I watched as her eyes dilated and a look of lust glazed them over. My hands continued to guide her hips as we continued our sexual thrusting. 

Our cries and moans grew louder and more needful as my cock continued to swell inside her. She threw her head back in ecstasy as I began to thrust harder and faster. My cock pounded deep inside as I began to throb and pulse uncontrollably. I gripped her hips tighter as we fucked, our thrusts so hard both of our bodies shook from the impact. I could feel myself losing control as I struggled to last as long as I could, not wanting the feeling, the passion to end. Then, without warning, she cried out as her entire body shuddered. Her pussy convulsed around me and it sent me over the edge, milking wave after wave of cum out of me, pouring into her. 

We both shook from the powerful orgasm, our bodies barely able to comprehend the feeling. She collapsed on top of me, her chocolate hair cascading over the both of us, sticking to our exhausted and sweaty bodies. She smiled and kissed me softly before she lay her head back down on my chest. "I love you too," I said as I lay back and luxuriated in the feel of this beautiful woman holding me and being held in my arms.