 "I'm not sure about this." She said when she walked into the bedroom and saw the scarves and blindfold on the bed.

"Come on baby, I know you want to try it." He knew it! Yeah, so there were certain situations where he would be nervous too, but they had trust in one another. She knew that he would never do anything to hurt her.

"Let's come up with a safe word. Something that you can easily remember and you can holler out if you feel your losing control. I promise to stop. How about Eagle? That's easy enough to remember."

She snorted at his choice of words. He liked to refer to his cock as "The Golden Eagle". "Sure, I think I can handle that. But I swear you had better stop if I say it or I will hurt you something fierce!"

"Here, baby, have a glass of wine and get in the tub. Get yourself relaxed. I promise, this will be a night to remember." He handed her a glass and pushed her into the bathroom where the bath was already drawn and he had lit candles. She turned around to thank him but he was already gone.

As she striped off her work clothes and pinned up her hair she grinned to herself. She had always wanted to try a little light bondage but the thought of letting go of her control was scary to her. It was way out of her comfort zone. 

She stepped into the tub and sank to her knees, letting the warm water soothe her tired muscles. She reached for her wine and sank against the back of the tub. She let her body relax and her mind wander. 

He had asked her about her fantasies one night after having the most amazing sex she had ever experienced. It may have been the endorphins or the wine that led her to spill her deepest secrets. Her head laid on his shoulder and she ran little circles over his chest while she told him about being tied and blindfolded. 

She talked of how it would feel to be incapable of touching the person and not knowing where the next touch or caress would be. What would he use to touch her? His lips? His hands? Where would he touch her? Her breasts? Her thighs?

She jerked up in the tub when she realized her hand was trailing down her thigh. She was more turned on by the idea then she thought. She finished her glass of wine then quickly got out of the tub and dried off. She dabbed some of his favorite perfume between her breasts before slipping on her robe and leaving the bathroom.

He was waiting for her on the bed. He had undressed and slipped on his robe and was smiling at her. 

"Are you ready baby? Are you ok with this?" He was nervous that she would say no. This was a huge fantasy for him too. He hoped that she would go thru with it.

"I'm good." She replied.

She climbed onto the bed and reached for him, trying to bring his lip up to hers. He grabbed her hands in his.

"Oh no, you don't baby." He gently flipped her over onto her back and reached for one of the scarves. He stretched her arms up to the headboard and tied her wrists snugly together.

She gasped as she felt the silk on her wrists. Her pussy was getting wetter by the second, just from thinking of this.

He reached behind him and grabbed the blindfold and slipped it over her head.

"Remember Hun, Eagle." He whispered into her ear, letting his tongue follow the shell of her ear, sending shivers down her spine. 

His lips caressed her neck and made a line from her jaw to he lips gently licking the seam of them. She opened her lips, seeking his tongue with hers. He pulled back and kissed a line to her other ear, causing her to groan with frustration.

"You are not getting what you want so soon. You have to wait until I feel you deserve your pleasure."

His fingers played with the belt on her robe, undoing it so he could expose her creamy silken flesh to his touch and his gaze. Her pretty pert breasts were topped with hard pink nipples just begging to be suckled on. He tipped his head down a lightly licked a nipple causing her to moan out his name.

"Mmmmmm baby, that fells so good!" Her breasts were always very sensitive, but the bondage was making her body as tight as a high wire. She arched her back up, offering him more of her breast.

Her snickered at her and moved to her other breast, giving the same attention to that nipple. He gently raked his teeth over the tight nub, making her gasp and her fists clench in their bonds.

He ran his hands in circles around her breasts. Feather light touches causing her body to break out in goose bumps. He opened her robe more as his hand skimmed her ribs and her flat tummy, working his hand down her thighs to her knees and calves.

She flinched and giggled and stretched her leg away from his hand, only to have him grab her leg and bring it up to his lips so he could tease her with his lips and tongue. He ran his tongue down the inside of her leg to her foot. His hand massaged the bottom of her foot while his tongue worked circles over her calf and ankle.

He grabbed her other leg and paid the same attention to this foot too. She kicked at him with her free leg.

"Your tickling me!" She was very turned on, but the light caresses were sheer torture for her because she was so ticklish.

He ran his fingers up her thigh to her pussy and rubbed all around her inner most secret area. He stroked his fingers thru the tight curls and felt the dampness beneath. His fingers found her swollen clit and slowly rubbed tiny little circles on her mound, causing her to buck against his hand.

"Please, baby, fuck me with your hand!" She begged him to give her the release they both know she was close to. 

He slowly stroked her clit while his other hand found her wet and slowly worked a finger into her hot wet hole. 

She gasped out as his finger sunk all the way in to her pussy. She ground her hips against his hand.

He pulled his finger completely out of her pussy and put the wet finger to her lips so she could taste herself on his hand.

She slowly sucked his finger into her mouth, working her tongue around the length of his finger, sucking her juices off him. He groaned as she sucked harder on his knuckle.

He pulled his hand away from her mouth and shoved two fingers back into her pussy, rubbing her clit a little harder as he did so. He thrust his fingers hard into her cunt making her gasp at the force of his thrust. His hand worked harder on her clit,. Circling quicker and harder on the little button.

Her hips bucked up against his hand and he could feel her pussy start to clench around his fingers with the first waves of her orgasm.

"OH GAWD! I'm cumming baby!" She cried out as her orgasm shook thru her body. 

He slowed his thrusting and stopped rubbing her clit. He knew how sensitive her pussy was right after an orgasm.

He pulled his hands away from her pussy and lowered his mouth to her clit to kiss and stroke her with his tongue.

"Baby, please! Give me a second." She begged him for just a moment to let the waves die down but he wasn't letting her rest.

He licked thru her curly hair to her clit and slowly ran his tongue around her most sensitive part. Her hips bucked against his face and he could see she was pulling at her restraints. He forced her hips down with his hand and continued to lick her clit. 

Her pleas for him to stop were falling on deaf ears as he continued suck on her clit. He worked his fingers back into her drenched pussy. He muscles clamped down hard on his hand as she whimpered.

He sucked harder on her clit, knowing she could come again, this time in his mouth. He wanted to taste her sweet musky juices on his tongue. He worked his hand faster as he sucked harder. Her cries became louder and he knew the next wave was close.

He stopped his hand and kept his fingers still in her pussy, making her pussy feel full. He sucked hard on her clit and felt her muscles spasm tightly on his hand. 

She bucked and writhed on the bed, crying out his name as her orgasm took over. Her hands were clenched in fists on the silk scarf that was holding her down.

He pulled his face and hand away only to replace his cock at the opening of her pussy. He slammed his cock into her while her pussy was still throbbing from her orgasm.

"Baby, please, Fuck me! Fast!" She strained against her bonds, seeking his mouth and he met her mouth with his, their tongues dueling with one another.

He thrust his cock into her pussy as fast as he could. He was so close to cumming he didn't have time to finesse her into another orgasm. 

He could feel his cock hit her inner walls. Stroking faster, harder. Each thrust bringing him closer to completion.

He felt his balls tighten and slammed home into her pussy as his cock erupted with the first stream of his seed. He buried his cock into her and continued to pump himself into her until he was empty and exhausted.

He reached up and untied her bonds, letting her arms fall to her sides. He could feel her trembling all over and her pussy continued to squeeze around his cock.

"Eagle" she sighed.