 I love being able to play with Heather's body without her being awake. There is just something erotic about it to me. My erection is nuzzled between her legs and her body is warm. I can just barely hear the rhythmic breathing as she continues to sleep. My mind wanders back to last night and all of the amazing sex we had. 

My thoughts then move to what might happen when we go away together in a few days. She has hinted around about a few things and the mental picture causes my cock to get harder still. I start to move my hand lightly over her body and enjoy the feel of her soft, smooth skin. As I brush her nipple I feel it harden slightly. 

After a few times running my fingers over her body I concentrate again on her breasts. She takes a deep breath, snuggles closer to me and then resumes the steady breathing of a person sleeping. I lift my head to look at her face. She has an angelic, peaceful look as I continue my ministrations over her body. I am now running my fingers from her shoulder down to her knee and then back to her shoulder, across her breasts and down her stomach, repeating the same thing again. 

My erection is getting harder and I move my hips slightly to give myself some small amount of pleasure. Heather shifts again and it is just enough for my cock slip closer to her pussy. I am amazed to feel the heat coming from between her legs and after just a few strokes the pushing gets much easier. I can't tell if it is from her or my precum getting smeared on her legs. 

Just as I start a nice easy rhythm, Pup starts to whine from his cage and I realize that he probably needs to go out. I curse at myself and slowly pull myself away from Heather. I quickly let Pup out the back door and check the gate just to make sure it is closed before returning to my bedroom. 

When I return, Heather is laying on her other side facing the door and her eyes are open. "Why did you leave? I was enjoying your efforts."

"I had to let Pup out before he went in his cage."

"Well, come on back here and finish what you started." As I climb into bed she rolls back onto her side and I get back into position behind her. 

"Now where were we?" I ask.

She opens her legs, reaches between them and places my stiff cock along her slick pussy. "I think you were right about here and you were moving your hips sliding this big boy along my pussy." When she has me in position, she lets go and closes her legs. Then she reached back and grabbed my hand and placed it on her tit. "And this guy was right about here and was tickling me." I move my fingers across her body again, trying to get the same pattern I'd had before.

"That feels about right," I say to her. I start moving my hips again and I hear her whimper quietly.

"I think you're right. That feels just about right. Now if I can only get that dream back from before, everything would be perfect."

"Oh, what dream?"

"It was incredible. I was away at this cabin in the woods miles away from anything else except maybe some deer and raccoons. I was lying in a large four post bed and my arms were tied to each of the posts. I was blindfolded so I couldn't see anything, but I knew where I was at the same time. The guy was kissing me all over and my body was on fire." 

As she is telling me her dream, my cock gets even harder and my hip thrusts become much longer so that my cock is moving up and down her entire pussy. It is getting slicker between her legs making it much easier to move.

"He kisses his way down my body, across my breasts, kissing each one before continuing down my body till he is between my legs. I spread my legs waiting for the pleasure I know is going to happen, but he avoids my pussy and kisses down my leg. As he gets to my foot, I feel him place a strap around my ankle and then he ties it around the post. Once it is secure he kisses his way back up my leg and just as I feel him kiss the inside of my thigh, just inches from my steaming pussy, he moves to my other leg, again leaving me craving his touch. Then he does exactly the same thing to my other leg, and when that is securely tied, he kisses his way back up my leg. By now I am crazy with lust and need to feel his touch on my pussy."

By now my thrusting has turned into full strokes. Her pussy is on fire and I can tell that the slickness is not only from me. She is also thrusting her hips against me. Her nipple beneath my palm has become extremely stiff and her breathing has become heavier.

"But instead of kissing my pussy he kisses back up my belly to my tits and then to my mouth." She pauses in her story to say, "Oh fuck John that feels good. Don't stop." She pushes her hips harder against me. Her voice is deeper now with lust. "I try to speak but I realize he has a gag in my mouth and all I can do is grunt at him. I try to rub my pussy on something but there is nothing to rub against and I am getting frustrated. He ignores my muted pleas and continues to kiss my entire body, avoiding the one place I want him to kiss."

Heather adjusts her position and my cock penetrates her steaming pussy. We both moan as I slide deeper into her and she lifts her top leg to give me better access.

"Oh fuck John. Your cock is amazing and it is hitting just the right spot. Oh hell."

"Go on with your story."

"This is much better than some silly dream," she gasps. "Besides, just as it gets to the good part is when you woke me up by leaving. And look what it's done to me already." 

I laugh at her and reach around to grab her chin, turn her face to me and kiss her. I am thrusting my hips as much as possible in this position, but it must be doing the job because her eyes are closed and she has a look of pure pleasure. 

"Oh damn John. Keep doing that. I'm right on the edge of cumming and it feels amazing." I feel her fingers rubbing her clit and I can hear the squishing sounds as my cock slips in and out of her pussy. "Oh shit, I'm so close; I'm going to cum John. Oh fuck me your magnificent beast. Push your cock into me. Oh fuck, oh fuck oh fuuuuck." Suddenly her entire body tenses up and then releases. Heather screams as an orgasm rips through her tiny body. Her cum shoots out of her pussy, covering my leg and the sheets beneath us. I continue to thrust into her until she finally rolls away. My cock slips out of her and she rolls into the fetal position facing me. Her eyes are shut tightly as small aftershocks rack her body. 

I lay still waiting for her to recover. My cock is still standing tall and aching for relief. I gently stroke myself hoping that when she recovers she will help me. 

It is several minutes later when she opens her eyes and looks at me. She looks down to where I am still stroking myself. Wordlessly she moves over to me and wraps her hand around my stiff cock. After just a few strokes she rolls on top of me and slowly brings her pussy onto my cock. 

"I think I've got enough for one more," she says as she slips all the way down in one stroke. "Oh shit," she groans and I moan in response. "How close are you?"

"Very. It won't take long. Is it hurting?"

"No, but I am still right on the edge and I think one more orgasm like that last one is going to finish me off." Then she starts riding me hard and fast. I reach up and grab her bouncing tits. Her eyes close and she starts to make squealing sounds. I am right on the edge and know that within a few more strokes I'm going to explode.

"I'm ready. I'm ready to fill you up."

"Do it. Give me one more load. Cum in me." That is all it takes and I feel my balls contract and then shoot into her. When the first load enters her it sets off another orgasm for Heather. We are both screaming as I shoot several more loads. After the last shot, Heather bounces one more time and then collapses onto my chest. We are both breathing heavy trying to recover. I wrap my arms around her and stroke her hair gently. Heather is playing with the hair on my chest and cooing to herself. 

As I soften inside of her, my cum starts to leak out of her, down between my legs and puddles on the sheets. I am amazed by how much leaks out of her body. The cum quickly cools off and it suddenly becomes very uncomfortable. Fortunately I am saved by Heather looking at the clock.

"Damn John, I have to shower and get ready for my meeting. I just don't want to move." She does finally get up and I follow her into the shower. "No monkey business. I'm going to be walking funny as it is." 

We shower together and wash each other thoroughly. We kiss a little but that is as far as it goes. While she dries her hair and does her makeup, I make some breakfast for us. I decide on a couple of simple omelets and coffee. Heather finishes with her preparations and joins me in the kitchen. 

"You didn't have to do that? I could have grabbed something on my way."

"Why would I let you do that? I've got some travel mugs in that cabinet over there. Grab one and take some coffee with you. You do have time for something to eat."

She checks out the omelet and says, "I can make time. That looks really good." She stands on her tip toes and gives me a kiss.

"What was that for?"

"No reason." 

I smile to myself and finish the omelets. We eat quietly together and when we are both done she offers to do the dishes. "Don't worry about these. There isn't much and you have your meeting to get to." 

"Thanks for everything. I will call my friend and make sure the cabin is available. Are you going to be around tonight?"

"No, I was invited to play poker over at Harry's house. I haven't called him back yet, so I can say no if you have plans."

"You need to go. You haven't seen the guys in a while. Besides, I need to recover before we go away. I'll call you tomorrow to give you the details." We walk to the front door and she reaches up and pulls me into a deep kiss. As she walks to her car I watch her ass wiggle beneath the tight skirt. She is wearing her high heels and her ass and legs look fabulous. She waves to me as she drives away and when she turns the corner I close the door.

The first thing I need to do is clean my sheets. As I enter the bedroom there is a distinct scent of sex. I feel good about the way things went with Heather and I am looking forward to a few days away with her. 

After taking care of the laundry, I call Harry to confirm that I'd be there to play poker. "John, that's great. Why don't you come over for dinner before the game? Anna has a friend of hers coming over with her son so I could use the extra testosterone."

"Her friend wouldn't happen to be Mandy, would it?"

"I think that's her name. Do you know her?"

"I met them the other day while doing my grocery shopping."

"Good, then it won't be awkward since you've already met. It she cute?"

"You haven't met her yet?"

"No. I think Anna told me she just moved here about a month ago and she has been showing Mandy around town. I don't know much else about her though. Just that she has a son and is divorced. We'll be eating about six, so come over about then and you can help me set up for poker after dinner. I told the guys you may be playing so it should be full house."

"Ok, I'll be there. Ask Anna if she wants me to bring anything."

"Don't worry about it. We're having Italian, so bring a nice white wine if you have to bring anything. Plus your wallet. I wouldn't want to disappoint the guys."

"I'll see you about six then. And thanks for the invite."

"See ya bud."

After I hang up I finish cleaning the breakfast dishes and take Pup for a walk. I realize that I hope to see Judy again, but when I get out to the path I see that it is a lot more crowded than it has been. The weather isn't quite as warm, but there are a lot of families out today. Instead of staying on the path I head closer to the water and let Pup play. 

Pup is running around diving into the water trying to catch the rocks that I am throwing. His entire head is soaked but every time that I stop he runs over to me and waits till I throw the next rock. 

"Looks like he's having fun." I turn around and see Judy walking towards me. Since it is quite a bit cooler, she is wearing a heavy sweatshirt that hides her incredible body. 

"He is. He won't let me stop. I just hope he doesn't catch one and try to eat it."

"I think he'll be OK." Surprisingly she sits down next to me. "I was going to bring my dog to meet your puppy but I thought it would be too cool to play. If you're around tomorrow I'll bring her over? She likes to play in the water too."

"I think I'll be around. I don't have anything planned at least."

"Let's say tomorrow at the same time as now." 

"It's a date." I realize instantly how foolish that sounds but Judy just smiles in agreement.

"Well, I've got to get home. I'll see you tomorrow."

"Have a good day."

"You too," she says as she heads back to the path. 

Pup and I play for a while longer before I decide to head back home. Pup is reluctant to leave but eventually I coax him out of the water and back home. 

On the way over to Harry's house, I stop at the market to get some wine. Summer is working so I get on her line to flirt with her for a few minutes as I check out. 

"Big date tonight?" she asks.

"No, just having dinner with some friends and then playing some poker. Nothing special."

"It's more special than my night. I get to close and then go home." She makes a silly face and adds, "Sounds exciting, doesn't it?"

"No hot date for you? I figured you'd have a few guys lined up for tonight."

"By the time I get done here it will be close to ten and I'll be too tired to go out. Besides, my boyfriend broke up with me last month so I don't really have anyone to just hang out with."

"I'm sorry to hear that. He must be a real jerk."

"I guess so," she says sadly.

I finish checking out and as I start to leave Summer asks, "Are you doing anything next Saturday?"

"No, why?"

"I'm supposed to be going to this party for a friend of mine and my ex-boyfriend was supposed to be my date. It's a birthday party for this girl, but I really don't know her that well. She is a friend of a friend. Somehow I got invited and I've already committed to going. Would you be interest in going with me?" Her face was eager and I was a little apprehensive. 

"Wouldn't you rather go with someone closer to your age?" 

She stares at me oddly and asks, "How old do you think I am?"

I suddenly realize I am just about to stick my foot in my mouth so I decide to be honest. "I guess about eighteen or nineteen, but only because I see you here during the week when you should be at school."

She laughs suddenly and my cheeks start to burn. "Is that why you never asked me out? I've been hoping for months that you would."

"Didn't you just say you had a boyfriend?"

"We only dated for like two months. I just thought you weren't interested in me. I'm twenty five."

Now it is my turn to look shocked. "Twenty five? Are you serious?"

"I can show you my license or even better my birth certificate if you need proof."

Words escape me at that moment. I still am not sure I want to go to the party with her, but my entire view of her has changed. Up till now I figured she was too young so I innocently flirted with her. Now it all made sense and I realize that I may have missed a really cool experience. I decide to take a chance.

"I'd love to go. Is it fancy?"

"No, it is casual," she says as she turns back to her counter. She writes down her number and hands it to me. "Call me and we can discuss it more. I've got some customers to take care of but I look forward to your call." She has a devilish smile as she turns to help the next customer.

"It probably won't be till at Wednesday or Thursday, but I'll call you."

"I look forward to it. I am working late Wednesday, but if you leave a message I'll call you back. Have a good night."

"You too Summer."

I'm feeling pretty good about myself as I drive to Harry's. Summer is a cute girl and has always intrigued me. Finding out she is twenty five gives me a different opinion of her and I start to think of the possibilities. 

Before I get to Harry's I stop at the liquor store for a bottle of my favorite bourbon. When I finally arrive there is a car already parked in front of their house. I guess it to be Mandy's. The car is a brand new BMW so obviously she has some money.

Just before I knock the door opens and my friend Harry is standing there. Harry is a large man, standing half a head taller than my 6'2 height and outweighs me by at least fifty pounds. He and Anna make a strange couple with her being so tiny. 

"John, I was beginning to wonder if you were going to show up. Come on in buddy." He takes my hand in firm grip and pulls me to him to give me a big hug. "I'm going to get this out of the way and tell you that you are an ass for avoiding us all this time. I'm sure you'll hear that a few more times tonight." He closes the door behind me and leads me into the kitchen. "Hey babe, look who I found skulking around the front of the house. I guess you were right. He did remember how to get here."

It is definitely going to be a long night, but I deserve it. I give Anna a hug and hand her the bottle of wine. I turn and hand Harry the bourbon. "And he even remembers my favorite drink. Let's get this open."

Harry walks out to the family and I start to follow but Anna stops me. "John, you remember Mandy from the other day?" I hadn't even noticed her standing quietly in the corner. She was exactly as I remembered her. She is wearing a very snug sweater that fit tightly around her large breasts and jeans that hug her narrow hips very nicely. I walk across the kitchen to shake her hand.

"It's nice to see you again Mandy."

"The feeling is mutual. Anna didn't tell me you were coming tonight." The look she gives Anna speaks whole volumes. I suddenly realize this is a set up and decide to make the most of it. Mandy is attractive in an exotic way and a slight accent that I can't place but makes her sound sexy.

"Apparently our little match maker is playing games," I say. "I thought I was being invited for poker."

Just then Harry returned and handed me a glass with the bourbon I had bought. "We are playing poker. The guys will be here in a few hours. Mandy's son and Dean have become good friends and Anna thought tonight would be a good night to invite them over." Poor Harry. He probably doesn't realize what is going on. My realization is supported by the fact that Anna has become completely engrossed in whatever she is doing and won't look at Harry at all. I also notice her cheeks are quite red.

"I'll fill you in later buddy." Harry looks at each of us and then looks at Mandy again. 

"Oh," is all he says. This time it is Mandy's turn to blush and she excuses herself to check on the kids. After she leaves the kitchen Harry says firmly, "I had no idea. Apparently my wife doesn't share all of her secrets with me." As long as I've known Harry he has never raised his voice to his wife or kids. But I've learned that he doesn't need to. Because of his calm demeanor, the fact that his voice gets firm is enough to let you know of his displeasure. "I'm sure we'll discuss this later, won't we dear?"

"Maybe. Let's see how dinner goes first," is all Anna says to him about it. "Dinner is ready, why don't you get the kids. John, can you help me?" Harry heads out to round up the kids and Mandy while I help Anna bring stuff into the dining room. "Don't be upset with me John. Mandy is a really nice person and so are you. You are both recently divorced and both of you are extremely attractive." Her head jerks up as she realizes what she said. "You don't necessarily need to tell Harry that last bit," she giggles. "Mandy just moved here and needs some friends. You're a nice guy and I thought at the very least you two would get along." The kids start to file in just then so I don't get a chance to respond.
