 Heather is sitting on the counter as I shower, sipping on her wine. "What are your plans for the rest of the weekend?" she asks.

"I'm thinking of going camping for a few days and then do some work on the house. I have all of next week off."

"Eww, camping. Give me a good five star hotel any day. When are you leaving?"

"Probably Sunday if everything works out. Did you have something in mind?"

"No, I was just thinking about what I was going to do." I shut the water off and step out of the shower to dry off. "Would you be opposed to taking a different trip with a cute lady to the mountains instead?"

"Oh, who do you have in mind?" Heather looks around for something to throw and when she doesn't find anything sticks her tongue out instead. "Oh, you mean you? I think of you as the hot, sexy lady, not the cute lady."

"Nice save buster. But you didn't answer my question."

"Can I think about it? I was kind of planning on losing myself for a while in celebration of my divorce." She looks disappointed. "But your option would be just as nice." She still looks slightly disappointed but doesn't push it.

I wrap the towel around my waist and walk over to her. She's not looking at me so I take her face in my hands and tenderly kiss her. She demurely looks at me but I can still see that she is disappointed in my answer. Why wouldn't I want to spend time with her? She is going to be a lot more fun than the fish I'll be trying to catch all weekend. "Where would you like to go?"

Her face immediately brightens. "I know this quaint little place. It's just outside of this small town. A friend of mine owns it and she said I can use it anytime I'd like. It's about three hours from here."

"Give your friend a call. I can be ready to leave anytime you are."

She throws her arms around my neck and kisses me passionately. When she pulls back her towel slips down and exposes her tits. I lean down and give each of her nipples a kiss and then move back to her mouth. She has me pulled tightly to her and is pushing her body against mine. 

After we break the kiss she says "Thanks for changing your mind. I was half afraid you were just going to use me and toss me aside when you were done with me."

"Why would you think that?"

She looks around for a moment and says, "Let's go into the bedroom." I help her down from the counter, she takes her wine and we climb into bed. Once we are comfortable she asks, "What have you heard about me? And don't try to lie because I'm sure I've heard most of the stories."

"Not a whole lot. Krista told me some stuff about you partying and sleeping around, but nothing ever specific."

"Sleeping or whoring around?" When I don't say anything she continues. "You know about my divorce and what happened to my ex-husband, right?"

"Again, I know bits and pieces, but I'm not really all that interested in gossip."

"Well, I'll tell you my side and see if what you've heard is even close." She pauses as if thinking how she wants to start. "My ex was a big time executive with a software company. We had a big house, new cars all the time, a big boat and plenty of money. Maybe I should have been more curious, but I was just happy. I did real estate on the side to have some of my own money and to keep me busy since we didn't have any kids. I think because I didn't take it very seriously is why I was able to succeed. It was also a better market back then."

She pauses as she takes a sip of her wine. "This is quite good. Where did you get this?"

"From that organic grocery store in town."

"I'll have to try shopping there." She takes another sip and continues. "Everything came crashing down when it was discovered that my ex was stealing from the company. From what I understand he developed some sort of software that was able to move money in small amounts. He got greedy and when he made some improvements to the software he got caught. I never heard the final amount but I understand it was in the tens of millions of dollars. Fortunately for me he hid the money in some off-shore account and I was able to avoid any trouble from that. Unfortunately during the trial I discovered that he also had an entire other family. I mean wife and kids. I was devastated when I found this out. It turned out that I was the other wife."

"I never heard about that."

"I was able to keep it quiet. But it crushed me to no end. I went into this deep funk, started going to bars and getting drunk and picking up guys nightly." She paused for another sip. "I don't want to scare you off, but I lost count of the number of guys I slept with in the next several months. I have been tested regularly and have a clean bill of health." She looks into my eyes to evaluate how her story is registering with me. I'm a bit shocked by this, but try and keep my cool.

"Anyway it all culminated in a night that I still can't remember most of the details. I remember going out to that pool hall just outside of town and having a good time. The next thing I remember was waking up in a strange bed. I don't recognize the man sleeping next to me but he is greasy and fat. I'm completely naked and I can feel dried cum between my legs and on my body. The room is a total mess. I quietly get dressed and walk through the bedroom door into the biggest pig sty I've ever seen. There are empty beer bottles all over the place. On the coffee table is a mirror covered in coke and an ashtray filled with used joints. The place reeks of stale beer and cigarette smoke and something I can't even identify."

"I was completely disgusted and just wanted to get out of there. Suddenly another man comes out of the kitchen. He is wearing only boxers and when he see me he say 'ah, there's the queen of the party. Interested in another round?' 'I ask him what happened and he describes how I had met him and his buddy at the bar and came back to their place. He told me I was pretty wasted, but after my first line I had woken up. He then describes in lurid detail how I fucked both him and his buddy several times and that when their other roommate came home with some chick I fucked him and the girl before finally collapsing in the bedroom. I suddenly felt very queasy and after finding my purse and keys ran from the house."

"I went right home and showered for what seemed like several hours. I had no idea of the time. The next thing I did was cancel all of my credit cards since I had no idea if they had tried to steal anything. The next morning I went to the doctor and got myself tested for everything. This was all about three years ago."

She has tears running down her face so I reach out and wipe them away. Her story has me very concerned, but I hold back any comments. "I got the results back and everthing was good. I still get tested every six months just in case. But after that night I stopped my partying and got myself back to normal. I met a nice guy about six months later and we dated for a couple of years, but things didn't work out. You're the first guy I've been with in the past year. Actually it had been just over thirteen months since the last time I'd had sex."

It's quiet between us for a bit. My mind is running wild. She is staring at me waiting for me to say something but I can't think of a single thing to say until I see the tears forming again. "I'm sorry all of that happened to you Heather." I start several times to say something but I just don't know what to say.

"If you want me to leave I will." That is not what I expected at all.

"Why would I want that? Some of the stories I heard were worse."

"You must think I'm a real crazy bitch or a big slut or something. Here I am throwing myself at you and then I tell you that story."

"No, that's not what I was thinking. I was thinking that I am just so irresistible you couldn't control yourself. I am actually a little disappointed that all you are doing is using me to get rid of a little itch."

She gasps but suddenly realizes that I am joking and slaps my shoulder. "You're a jerk, you know that?" But she's laughing at the same time. "But you're not that far off on either point. You are irresistible and I was very horny. Who am I kidding, I'm still horny." She stares into my eyes for a while as if trying to read my mind. "What are you thinking? I can take the truth."

I decide to be truthful with her so I tell her, "I'm thinking that I like you a lot. I have always thought that you are very sexy. When you were showing me homes I often wondered what you would be like in bed. I am glad you came over last night and even more happy that you are here right now."

Her face lights up with my words. "So do you still want to spend time alone with me?"

"Without a doubt." I lean towards her till our lips meet. The kissing gets hotter by the moment but she suddenly pull away. She reaches behind her and puts her wine glass on the floor next to the bed then moves her body closer to mine. 

"I'm glad to hear you say that." She rolls me onto my back and we lay next to each other kissing. I move my hand to her back to hold her tightly and after a few moments I start to rub her back. She reaches between us and undoes the knot holding her towel in place, then lifts her body so that I can pull the towel away. She undoes the knot on my towel and I lift my hips so she can take my towel away. 

I start to push her onto her back but she has other ideas. Instead of me on top, she pushed me back and gets on top of me. We continue to kiss and I move my fingers lightly down her back just brushing along her ass and then up her side. She squirms and I feel her mouth tighten in a smile. "That tickles a little." I do it again and she squirms some more, but she also starts kissing me again. With her body on top of me, her breasts are squeezed between our bodies and I can feel her nipples harden against my chest.

Now instead of just brushing my fingers down her back, I use my whole had as if I am giving her a massage. When I reach her ass I firmly knead the tight globes. Each time I squeeze her she pushes her hips against me. I can actually feel her body begin to heat up now and our tongues dual in each other's mouths. 

She suddenly pulls away to kiss a trail down my chest and stomach till she is able to take my cock into her mouth. She quickly licks the precum from the tip before sliding down some more. Then she slides her tongue the entire length of my cock several times stopping between each lick to kiss the head. After one agonizingly slow lick I start to squirm. She finally reaches the crown, looks up at me and smiles before giving the head another kiss. This time she lowers her mouth over the head and twirls her tongue around the hole. She is still staring at me and when the head pops out of her mouth a small strand of cum is still attached. I moan as she slowly licks the strand into her mouth. 

She tortures me for several more minutes and I feel like I am going to explode. Before I can finish though she moves back up my body till her pussy is aligned with the tip of my cock. I am amazed at how wet she is. It seems to be an eternity before she does anything so I reach down and cup her ass to get her ready to impale her. I move my hips and the tip of my cock runs across her slick folds, but she still resists letting me enter her completely.

The whole time this small battle is happening she is staring at me with an evil grin. "You want to fuck me?" she asks sweetly. "You want to feel my pussy spread as you spear me with that huge cock of yours? You want to drive that wonderful prick deep inside my moist folds? Am I wet enough for you?" After each question she slides her pussy along my cock. "I'm so hot and wet for you, but I think I want to make you wait some more." She lightly kisses my chin and smiles again. But I can see the lust in her eyes and know that she won't wait much longer. 

I reach my hand just below her ass and spread her legs further apart. This helps loosen her grip on my penis and I thrust into her. She throws her head back as I penetrate and my cock slides deeper into her. But she pulls herself up and I slip out of her.

"Don't be a naughty boy. You'll get yours when I'm ready." We both lay still while I wait for her to make the next move. The wait isn't long but she doesn't do what I expect. Instead of sliding down onto my cock, she moves up till she is squatting over my face. "Kiss my pussy." I do exactly what she says and kiss her pussy. "Oh you tease. You know what I want." I only kiss her again. "You're going to make me ask? That's not very nice." But just another kiss is all I give her. "You fucker. Lick my pussy. Make me feel good." 

This time I slide my tongue the length of her pussy from the bottom to the top. At her clit I press my tongue against the already hard nub. Her hips push back so she can press her clit harder against my tongue. I hear her let out a long moan before I pull my tongue away and lick her again. This time I can taste more of her nectar and I repeat the process several more times. Each time I can feel more of her wetness on my face. I reach up and pinch both nipples and her entire body shudders. Before my tongue reaches her clit I lift my head to stab her cunt with my tongue. Her body shudders again as I continue to fuck her with my tongue. Her hands cover mine on her tits and she presses her chest harder against my palms. Her hips are also gyrating now and she is flowing freely onto my face. Her legs have clamped around my head and hold me happily captive. I remove my tongue from her pussy and roughly lick her pussy till I get to her clit. I lock my lips around the hard nub and suck at the same time I lick and I feel her entire body tighten. I can just barely hear her scream as her body releases and my face becomes soaked in her cum.

For a moment I can't breathe as her body lowers onto my face. I can feel her body convulse several times and I need to push her to the side so that I can breathe. She just rolls onto her side and lays there for a few minutes. By now my cock is sticking straight up and I need to fuck her or find some other relief. I grab hold of my dick and stroke it, hoping that she will recognize what is happening and help me. 

She finally opens her eyes, but they look slightly out of focus. Another small shudder runs through her body. I'm starting to get close and I stroke myself faster before she finally is responsive. "Let me help you with that." 

She rolls on top of me, grabs my cock and lowers her pussy over the head. Then in one hard stroke impales herself on my mighty sword. 

"Oh crap," I scream as I feel her molten hot pussy lower onto me. 

"You can say that again. I think I'm going to cum again." Unfortunately she doesn't move. "I just need a moment. That last orgasm is still hitting me." We kiss for a moment till she starts to move. "Is that me that I taste on your face?"

"Yes. You kind of exploded that last time." 

"That was more intense than the last one. What did you do? I was already close and then I felt you suck my clit and a jolt of energy shot through me and ended on my clit. Suddenly the energy exploded through my entire body and I blacked out."

"I can't tell you my secrets. What's to keep you from sharing them with someone else?"

"Hell with that. You should write a damn book." I moved my hips trying to get her moving. "Gotcha. Let's take care of your big problem." She starts to bounce her hips now and she quickly gets into a fast pace. It doesn't quite feel right so I pull her close and roll over so that now I'm on top without leaving her hot pussy. 

"Who said you were in control?"

I grin at her and slam my pelvis into hers. "You want me to give you another orgasm like that last one, you won't complain about my driving."

"Ok, you drive then. Just promise me you'll do that again and you can drive whenever you want."

"Deal." I am already so charged up from her teasing and then licking her pussy that it doesn't take me long before I start to feel my balls tighten. "I'm going to cum." 

"Cum for me. Fill me with your cum. I want to feel you squirting inside of me."

That is all the encouragement that I need and I explode. While not as intense as the last one it is still pretty powerful. I pound into her with every shot of cum and just as my last shot erupts she lets out a long high pitched squeal as she cums again. I keep moving my hips as I feel her body squirm beneath me. Her eyes are open but rolled back so that I can only see the whites and her head is arched back so that it looks like she is looking behind her. 

My cock stays semi hard as I continue to slide it in and out of her. She finally relaxes and looks up at me dreamily. She has that post orgasm look about her and doesn't seem quite able to focus. 

"I don't know about you, but I don't think I've ever felt better than I do right now," she finally says.

"I'm glad to hear that. You make me feel really good too."

"How can you still be going? I think I need a nap."

"It's been several years since I've had good sex. The last couple of years with Krista were miserable."

The constant movement has me fully erect again and I am ready for more, but Heather pushes me off of her. "I need a quick break or you will ruin me for the rest of the night." 

I roll off of her and onto my back. My dick is standing at full attention and Heather wraps her hand around it and starts to stroke it. "Maybe I can help you another way."

She turns her body and takes me into her mouth. With no hesitation she starts to lick and suck me. Since I'm still sensitive and Heather is very good with her mouth, it's not long before I am ready to cum again. "I'm going to cum," I warn her. 

She lowers her mouth all the way till I can feel the back of her throat and slowly lifts her head, licking the sensitive underside of my cock. At the top she swirls her tongue around the hole and lowers her head again to repeat. Just as she gets to the top she moves her finger to my ass and presses against the area between my balls and ass. She lowers her mouth again and repeats this. I'm still right on the edge, but when I don't cum she repeats the process, only this time she takes her finger and presses into my ass. The sudden change is enough and I finally explode into her mouth. Since I'd already cum so recently it's not a huge orgasm. Heather swallows the load and finishes cleaning my cock with her tongue.

Now that we are both fully satisfied, Heather lays next to me with her head on my shoulder. "How was that?"

"Fantastic. I've never had a girl do that to my ass before."

"One of the guys I slept with taught me that trick. My mouth was getting tired since you are so big so I gave it a try. I guess it worked."

"I'd say." We lay quietly for a while. My eyes wanted to close but I forced myself to stay awake. I stroked Heather's hair gently as we lay there and began to wonder what would happen between us. I realized that I liked being with her, but I know that I am not ready for a relationship of any kind. I also know that this is not the time to discuss it, so I file it away for a conversation when we are not naked. After a few minutes I realize that Heather's breathing is steady. I take a quick glance at her face and see that she has fallen asleep. I very carefully move from under her head and wrap her in the blanket.

It is already after five so I think about starting dinner. I decide to wait about an hour so that Heather can get a short nap. I pull my pants and shirt on and look for Pup since I figure he probably needs to go out. I find him out in the yard where I left him sleeping in the sun. When he hears the leash though, he immediately wakes up. I take him right to the lake's edge so that he can play in the water again and as soon as I release him he dives right into the water. We play for about thirty minutes and when I call him he comes right over. I'm starting to realize that he might be very intelligent and that I should look into taking him to some training classes. He starts to head back to the water but I run in the opposite direction. He immediately chases after me and we run around the trees for another twenty minutes or so. 
