 Heather is riding me like a woman crazed. Her head is flopping all over the place and she is whimpering loudly. As I watch her enjoy herself I can start to feel the cum churning in my balls. Her whimpering is getting louder by the moment and I can tell she is close to cumming as well. Just as I feel my balls about to erupt she stops moving, leans in close to my face and barks. It shocks me so much that the churning stops. Just as suddenly she begins to ride me again, whimpering just as loudly as before. 

Again I feel my balls get ready to blow and just as suddenly Heather stops and barks. Not just one bark, but several. This time my cock starts to deflate but before it is fully soft she starts to ride me again. It takes me a while to get back into the ride and before I can start to fully enjoy myself she stops and barks again.

I sit up suddenly and realize it's all a dream. Puppy is in his cage whimpering and barking. The clock shows that it is just after 7 and he needs to go out. Chuckling, I let him out of his cage and lead him to the back door. He dashes down the steps to his private little yard and I check to make sure the gate to the path is closed before heading back into the house. 

It's going to be another perfect day I think to myself as I head back to my bedroom. My cock is still semi-hard as I think about the dream I was having. Heather is supposed to be coming over later today to continue the fun we had last night. Hopefully that includes her riding me like a crazed teenager. Guess I'll have to make the suggestion.

My email from work is empty which is good since my latest proposal is due today and I really don't have time to make any changes. Once I get the proposal submitted I begin my week of vacation. I planned it a while ago hoping to celebrate the official end of my marriage and everything is working out perfectly. I am planning on camping for the weekend and then coming home and finishing as many projects as I can around the house. Since it is camping I have plenty of flexibility in when I leave. If Heather and I enjoy ourselves enough, I can put off leaving till Sunday. 

Heather wants me to take her out to dinner, but I think I'll make dinner myself so I look through one of my recipe books to find something fancy but easy. Keeping her in the house will give me more opportunities to keep her naked and I am planning on catching up on the sex I during my self imposed celibacy.

I find a recipe I've had success with before and make my list, adding a few other things that I need including a couple of bottles of nice wine. I make myself a nice breakfast then get dressed. The first thing I need to do now is take the puppy for a walk. If I can get enough energy out of him now he will be much more manageable later. I still need to come up with a name for him and as stupid as it sounds I'm actually leaning towards just Pup. But we'll see. 

We've been walking for about 30 minutes when I decide to take him over to the edge of the lake to see what he will do. I unhook his leash and watch. Without any hesitation he throws himself into the water till he is submerged up to his chin. He stays that way for a few minutes and then starts to swim out a little. He doesn't go very far before turning around and swimming back to me. He runs over to me and shakes himself out before running back into the water. This time he doesn't go quite so deep but now he is jumping around and chasing the bubbles that he creates. 

I look around, find a small stick and throw it a few feet to his right. When the stick lands in the water Pup launches himself at the stick and attacks it.

"Someone is having a good time," I hear someone say from behind me. I turn around and see Judy. I can't seem to speak for a moment as I take in her amazing body. She is wearing a sports top that shows a lot of her flat stomach and short shorts that leave a lot of leg exposed. Her entire body is covered in a sheen of sweat and her nipple are poking out. She's absolutely gorgeous and about all I can do is sputter as I try to say something.

Luckily I am saved by Pup as he goes running over to her, but I quickly lose my ability to speak again when she bends over to pet Pup and I find myself staring down the valley between her breasts. I have to shake my head to get my mind out of the gutter. 

"You are so cute," she says to Pup. "Were you enjoying your swim?" Pup is now on his back and I am suddenly very envious of him.

I finally remember how to speak again and say "It's the first time I've let him play in the lake. He seems to be a natural."

"I can see that," Judy says without looking up. "Maybe I can bring my dog over and they can play together." 

My cock twitched when I heard those words and an image of her naked in my bed quickly runs through my head. "That would be great. You know where I live so stop by anytime."

She stood up, smiled and said "I'll be around next week. Hopefully I'll see you then." She waves, gives Pup one more pat on the belly and runs down the trail towards the parking lot. Pup runs after her and I have half a mind to follow but I catch him before he gets too far and I put his leash back on.

"I know buddy. I'd like to run after her myself." Pup seems to smile at that and I laugh in response. We walk back to the house and I let him back into his little yard so that he can dry off before coming into the house. 

My answering machine was blinking so I hit the play button. "Hey John, its Heather. I just want to say good morning and that I am looking forward to this afternoon. I may not get there till closer to dinner as I have another appointment to show a listing of mine. I'll give you a call later to confirm. Bye."

I guess I have more time than I expected. I decide to finish the proposal first so that I can get it submitted and then shut things down, so I grab my computer and sit outside. Pup is playing with some of his toys, but when he sees me he comes running up the steps and attacks my legs with mock ferocity. Obviously I am going to have to take him for some more exercise, but right now I need to finish my proposal. 

It doesn't take me very long since most of it was done yesterday and an hour later I hit the send button and it's done. I call my boss to let him know it is on its way.

"Hey John, I see it. I'll take a look and give you a call if we need to make any changes, but what I saw last week looked good."

"Thanks. I didn't hear anything back from the customer so I guess they are happy with what we discussed. I'll be out of the office next week but if there is an emergency just call me at home. I'm not going anywhere."

"You've earned the break. Now that the divorce is final, go have some fun. You've been working too hard lately, not that I'm complaining. Have a good break and I'll see you when you get back."

"Thanks. Have a good week." I hung up the phone and shut down the computer before putting everything away. Now it's fun time.

I don't see Pup in the yard and take a quick look at the gate but see that it is locked. I find him sleeping in his bed snoring happily with one of his toy bones. Now I can head to the store and get the shopping done. 

I shop in one of those health stores because the food is usually better quality. The list I made isn't very long, but I grab a cart because inevitably I see something not on the list that I either want to try or think looks interesting enough to try. I am barely through the produce section when I hear someone call my name. I turn towards the voice and see Anna and a woman I've never met before walking towards me. 

"Hey John. I didn't know you shop here." Anna is part of the circle that I used to hang with while I was married. I stopped seeing them after we separated because it was always awkward being the extra wheel. Anna is in her late 30's, short and has a motherly aura about her. No matter where we are she always seems to play the mom of the group. She is also very silly and tends to giggle a lot. "I heard your divorce finally went through. How are you doing?"

"Great actually. Now that it's over I feel like there is a great weight off my shoulders."

"Maybe now we will see you around more? Harry says the guys haven't seen much of you either and he was wondering if it would be OK to give you a call for poker or something. What should I tell him?"

"I'd like that. I haven't been purposely avoiding everyone, but with the way things were going, I felt it was best to keep you guys out of it."

"Please, what do you think would have happened? You don't really think we were on your ex's side, do you? Everyone hated her and we were all thrilled when we heard you'd left. She's a selfish, sniveling bitch and you're much better without her."

I took a step back in surprise at how Anna was talking. She's the nicest person I know and to hear her say those things really took me by surprise. I had nothing to say but "Thanks. That means a lot."

Then the smile was back on her face. "By the way, I'm being very rude. John, this is Mandy. Our sons are in the same class at preschool. Mandy, this is John. A really nice man that seems to have forgotten who his friends are." Even though she was chastising me she still had a smile.

I held my hand out to her. "Nice to meet you."

"Same here." The two of them made a very odd pair. Anna was short and plump while Mandy was tall and thin. As thin as she is, her breast are large and seem out of proportion to the rest of her. Her eyes and hair are brown, and her hair is pulled back into a pony tail that hung below her shoulders. There is something exotic about her, but I can't quite put my finger on what it is. 

"Mandy just moved into town a couple of weeks ago and I offered to show her around a bit."

"Always willing to be a good friend Anna," I say and Anna gives me a mean look before giggling again. 

"I'll tell Harry that you are up for poker and I expect to see you around more often."

"You go it mom," I say in response and earn another giggle from her. "It was nice to meet you Mandy. Maybe we'll see each other again."

"I hope so. It was nice meeting you as well." The ladies walk away and once they are out of ear shot I see Mandy lean down to say something to Anna, who then turns and looks at me. I hold back a few minutes to give them a chance to move away and I find a couple of things that I decide I want. It only takes about fifteen minutes to complete my shopping and I get in line to check out. My favorite cashier is working so I wait on her line. Summer is cute as a button and always very friendly. I've never really said much to her because she looks like she is fifteen although I'm pretty sure she is at least out of high school since she works during week when she should be in school. She's not even five feet tall and probably weighs ninety pounds soaking wet. She has a nose piercing as well as several in each of her ears. Her hair is jet black and hangs down to her heart shaped ass and she always has a smile on her face. Her breasts look large on her small body, but I guess that they are maybe a b-cup. 

"Good morning John," she greets me when it's my turn on line.

"Morning Summer. How's it going?"

"Pretty good. How about you?"

"I'm good. Just staying out of trouble."

"I wonder what kind of trouble you'd get into," she flirts to me. "You don't seem to be the kind of guy that gets into a lot of trouble."

"Oh, and you are?" I respond. "I bet you don't even litter."

She laughs at that and with suddenly smoldering eyes says "Why don't you give me a try?"

I am actually a little surprised but only say "Maybe I'll do that." She laughs a cute little laugh and finishes with my groceries. "That will be $52.43. Do you need any help getting out to your car?"

"Are you offering to help or are you afraid to walk out with me?"

"You wouldn't take advantage of a girl like me would you?"

I just laugh. "No, I think I can handle getting out to my car." I grab my bags and say "I'll see you next time. You better behave though."

"Bye. See you next time." She turns and works with the next customer, an elderly lady who is smirking at me. I wave to her and had back to my car. What a crazy day and it's not even lunch time yet. 

Back home there is another message. "Hey John, it's Heather again. I was able to move my appointment up a little so I should be to you by three or so. I'll call if that changes again."

The second message is from Harry, Anna's husband. "Hey bud. I heard you ran into my wife. She confirmed that you are still alive. I'm planning a poker game tomorrow night if you are interested. It is going to be the usual crew. Everyone is looking forward to seeing you. Call me and I'll give you the details and directions if you've forgotten where I live."

As much as Anna is the mother of the group, Harry is the dad. He's the one that usually gets everyone together and makes sure everyone is having a good time. I decide to hold off on calling him back. I need to clean the house a little and start with the bedroom. Pup is still sleeping in his crate so I open the door so that when he wakes he can come out. 

It's almost two thirty when the phone rings. I have just finished remaking the bed with clean sheets and grab the phone. "Hello."

"Hey John, it's Heather again. I just got done with my appointment and am on my way over. Do you need anything?"

"No, I've got everything set up, so unless you need something come on over. The front door is unlocked."

"See you in about ten minutes."

She hangs up and I do a quick walk through to make sure the house is presentable. Pup is in his yard playing and barking at people walking on the path. I have dinner prepped and clean sheets on the bed. Everything is ready to go.

Ten minutes later the doorbell rings and I open the door. Standing there is Heather. She's absolutely gorgeous. She is wearing a white blouse that is open to just below her breasts and the skirt she is wearing barely comes down to mid thigh. Her high heels accentuate her tight calves. "Are you going to invite me in or just stare?"

I step aside and grab her bag that she is carrying. She walks past and I admire her tight ass. Just as the door shuts Heather spins around and launches herself at me. I catch her in mid flight and fall back against the door. After a few minutes of intense kissing she steps back, takes my hand and heads to the bedroom. Her other hand is unbuttoning her blouse.

Once in the bedroom she tosses her blouse on a pile of boxes near the door and reaches behind her to undo her bra. With her bra removed she reaches down and pulls off each of her shoes and then pulls down the zipper of her skirt which easily falls to the ground. She's not wearing any panties and I again admire the firm cheeks of her ass. Now that she's naked she turns around to face me.

"What are you waiting for? An engraved invitation? I've been thinking about getting back here all morning and I'm not wasting any more time. Strip."

I'm not quite as graceful as she is, but the results are the same and soon I'm just as naked as she is. My cock is already rock hard and her eyes drop to look. She turns and climbs onto the bed on her hands and knees. Her pussy is already wet and puffy. "I hope you don't mind but I got myself warmed up on my way over here."

"Not in the slightest." I step behind her, place my hands on her ass and bend over to give her pussy and long, hard lick. She shudders as I give her another lick and then another. Her pussy is just as sweet as I remember and each time my tongue touches her clit she lets out a little whimper. I chuckle to myself as I remember my dream. 

She lowers her head and I have better access to her pussy which is now flowing with her juice. "Oh shit that feels so much better than my finger. I never should have left last night. I got home and all I could think about was getting back here. My pussy has been throbbing for your cock all day." 

I don't say anything and just continue sucking her pussy. A long, low moan lets me know that she is really enjoying my tongue and when I reach forward and grab her tit she thrusts her hips against my face. "Oh yeah. Squeeze my tits. I love having my nipples pinches. If you do this much longer I'm going to explode all over your face. I'm so close." 

Now I attack her even more. I want her to cum once before I fuck her. My cock is straining to enter her but I continue fucking her with my tongue and grabbing her tit. Her hips start to gyrate and her moaning gets louder. "Oh yeah, just like that. I'm about to cum. Oh fuck I'm right on the edge. Oh ohohohoh fuuuuuuck." Just as I feel her body start to tighten I use my free hand and slap her ass hard. It has the desired effect and she explodes in orgasm. Suddenly my tongue is saturated in her nectar and she screams. She's not even using words at this point and she almost breaks my nose when her hips shoot back towards my face. Her orgasm continues for several moments and then she just rolls onto her side, her body convulsing every few seconds as she starts to come down. 

"Oh crap that was incredible. It was even better than I had hoped." She rolls onto her back and spreads her legs. "Now come over here and give me that beautiful cock of yours. I need to get fucked and fucked hard."

I don't wait another second and climb onto the bed. She grabs my cock and rubs the head between the moist folds of her pussy and when she releases my cock says "Now. Slam it home."

I obey immediately and slam my cock into her. "Oh fuck," I say as I slide into her hot, moist tunnel. I don't stop till our pelvises are against each other.

"That's it John. Now fuck me hard. Fill me with your cum. I want to feel your hot seed shoot inside of me."

That's all I need to hear and I start to slam my body into hers. It's almost as if some animal deep inside of me has taken over and I pound my body into hers. It doesn't take me very long before I feel my balls start to boil. "I'm going to cum. I'm going to fill you up with my cum. Are you ready?"

"Do it. Fill me. Shoot your seed into me. I'm going to cum again too. Fuck my damn pussy and make me cum."

Those last words are all it takes and I slam into her one more time and explode. My vision blurs and I see stars as I feel the cum shoot from my cock into her pussy. I'm completely oblivious to anything else except the volcanic eruptions from my cock. I roughly slam into her a several more times, continuing to fill her with semen. Just on the edge of my consciousness I hear her screaming and feel her body convulse beneath mine, but it barely registers. My ears are ringing and my vision darkens as I slam into her one more time and then everything goes black.

I'm not sure how much time has passed before I open my eyes, but I am lying on my side and Heather is still on her back breathing deeply. Her eyes are closed and there is a smile on her face. After a moment she turns to look at me. "Holy shit John, that was incredible."

"I think I blacked out for a moment. Are you OK?"

"OK? Are you crazy? I've never been fucked like that. It was as if some sort of animal took over my body. When I felt that first shot of cum it was like someone had set off an explosion inside of me. It was completely amazing."

I look at her body and see that she is covered in sweat. I sit up and see her pussy is really red and swollen and that my cum is leaking out of her onto the blanket. 

"Admiring your work?"

"And your body. You've got a fantastic body."

"I'm glad you like it. It's yours for the rest of the night. And if you fuck my like that again, maybe for more than just tonight."

I leaneover and kissed her tenderly. I realize I am also sweaty and that my crotch is soaked.

She sees me touch the wetness and says "I really exploded there. I've never cum like that before. I've had some amazing orgasms, but nothing like that."
