 ***************************************

I am truly sorry for the long delay between chapters but unfortunately life got in the way. I want to thank all of the people that have made my stories so popular and for the kind words that people have sent to me. I will try my best to finish this story. I made a slight change to things but hope that you will continue to read.

***************************************

"Hey John."

I turn towards the voice and see Summer walking towards me. "Hey Summer, how are you? Long time no see."

"I know. I went back to school starting last summer so I cut back my hours here at the store."

"That's great. What are you studying?"

"I'm taking computer classes."

"Well, if you ever need any help feel free to ask. If you remember, it's what I do."

"Wouldn't your girlfriend get upset?" Summer looks sad as she asks the questions.

"Girlfriend," I ask questioningly. "Oh, you mean Judy? We broke up at the end of last summer."

Summer's face brightens, but carefully says "Oh, really. I'm sorry to hear that. She seemed really nice."

"Yeah," I say sadly. "Her mother became really sick so she moved back home to help out the family. We decided to break up instead of trying to make a long distance relationship work."

"I really am sorry. I guess it has been a while since we've spoken." 

"At least since last spring. I thought you were avoiding me."

Summer blushes. "At first I was. I was really embarrassed about how I acted. But I have to tell you that the whole thing really helped me. That's when I decided to go back to school. I moved back home with my parents to save money and started hanging out with some more mature friends."

"I'm glad. Sounds like you've made some good choices."

"Thanks." Her eyes are quite large as she looks up at me. "Are you seeing anyone else now?"

"Sort of. Nothing very serious though."

"I'm sure you've got several reasons to say no and I wouldn't blame you, but would you be interested in having dinner with me Saturday?"

I don't expect this so it takes me a moment to respond. She quickly looks disappointed and before I answer she starts to talk. "I know. I blew it the first time, but I've changed. I really have. The whole thing was so embarrassing that I just knew I had to make changes. I don't even see most of those people any more."

"Whoa, slow down Summer. I wasn't going to say no. I'm just surprised."

"Does that mean you will?"

"What do you have in mind?" 

"A friend of mine is having a birthday party..." she starts and I frown to myself. At least I thought it was to myself. She just laughs and continues. "I'm just kidding. I'm thinking dinner downtown. I'm paying."

I chuckle at her little joke. "That sounds nice, but I'll pay. Is Saturday good for you?"

Her face lights up. "Saturday is great. I get off work at 5 so I'll need some time to get ready. Is 7 o'clock good?"

"I'll call you to get directions. What's your number?"

She pulls out a pad from her pocket and writes her number down. "I'll talk to you later." She turns and almost skips down the aisle. I shake my head and finish shopping. 

At the register I take the lane that Summer is working. "Hi again," I say when it's my turn.

"Hey." Her face is completely glowing with her smile. "Thank you for giving me a second chance," she whispers.

"You're welcome. I'm looking forward to a better night than the last time."

"I promise there won't be a repeat." She finishes checking me out. "Do you need help to your car?"

I look and see that there is no one behind me. "Sure." 

Summer quickly moves around the counter and grabs two of my bags. We walk out to the car making small talk. I put the groceries into the car and turn to thank her, but before I can speak she reaches up, wraps her arms around my neck and kisses me on the lips. The kiss is quite intense and I pull her tight to me. I'm starting to get aroused when a car drives past and I remember where we are. I gently push Summer away and look down into her eyes. They are smoldering and and her breathing is heavy. 

"Let's save something for Saturday."

"Sorry. I guess I got carried away." She smiles at me, kisses me quickly and runs back to the store. I stand and watch her cute ass as she disappears into the store. I smile to myself, climb into the car and head home.

At home I put my groceries away, grab a beer and head out to the deck to play with pup. Pup launches himself at me and almost knocks me down. He's just turned over a year old and now weighs just over 100 pounds. I quickly finish my beer and grab Pup's leash to take him for a walk before it gets dark. As I walk past Tina's house I hear my name. I look up to see Tina's daughter Brandy waving to me. 

"Taking Pup for a walk? Mind if I join you?"

"Sure. I'd love the company." She walks down the steps and we begin to walk the path. It's so quiet that I let Pup off leash and he runs down to the water. "Why aren't you in school?"

"It's winter break so I'm home for the next month. You still sleeping with my mom?"

"I think that's something you need to ask her. I'm not the type to kiss and tell."

"Yeah, right. Besides, she's not talking, but I can tell that she's still getting some from somewhere."

"How about you? Do you have a boyfriend?"

"No, not really. I graduate in May and don't really want to settle down just yet."

"Playing the field, huh?"

Brandy smiles and says "Something like that." She rolls her eyes and says "I'm sure my mom would love to hear that."

"You're mom's not an idiot. I'm sure she knows you're not exactly innocent." Geez, I sound like her dad.

"I know, but that doesn't mean she's happy about it." We walk silently for a few minutes. "Can I ask you something personal?"

"I'm not talking about my relationship with your mom."

"No, that's not it. I'm kind of jealous of it though. She seems really happy." She stops walking and looks at me carefully. "Are you and my mom serious?"

"I already told you, I'm not talking about it."

"I'm not trying to pry. And that's not what I was going to ask you. But I am curious. It's been a really long time since I've seen her so happy. I just don't want her to be disappointed or heart-broken."

"You're mom and I have an arrangement. We spend time together and enjoy each other's company."

Brandy smiles slyly. "I'm sure you do."

"Ha ha. Now what did you want to ask me?"

"Do you think I'm a slut?"

"What? Are you serious? Why would you ask that?"

"Well, mainly because of the questions you are asking me."

"I don't think you're a slut. I just think your gorgeous and you do kind of dress on the dangerous side of sexy."

"So you're able to look past my tits?"

I smile and start to walk to where Pup is playing in the water. "Yes, I can manage to look past your tits. But don't tell your mom I said that. I'm pretty sure she won't be too happy with me."

"But you only see me for what I look like, not who I am."

"Look Brandy, you're gorgeous. You dress to flaunt you're body. But eventually you'll meet the one guy that's going to be able to get past all of that. Now can I ask you a question?"

"Sure."

"Are you a slut?"

I can tell she's shocked by my question. She looks down at my feet and blushes. "No, I've only been with three guys. And I've never had a one night stand. That's the problem though. Most guys that ask me out get angry when I don't put out."

"Do you mind some advice?"

"Sure."

"I'm not saying to become a nun, but how about you dress a bit more conservative. I find your mom extremely sexy and she doesn't reveal too much. Ask her for some help. I know she'd love to take you shopping."

"My mom doesn't understand me."

"She was a college girl at one time too. I've seen the pictures. You're mom was hot as hell and she still is. But she dresses nice."

"Especially since she started getting laid regularly," Brandy says with a smile.

I smile at her and shake my head. "Why are you asking me? Can't you talk to your dad?"

"Please, my dad wants me to become a nun. And my mom doesn't understand me at all."

"Trust me, she understands. Give her a chance. You may be pleasantly surprised."

Brandy is quiet for a while as she thinks things through. Her mom has told me all about Brandy. Tina is sure that Brandy is a bit of a wild child. From the way she dresses, I was sure that Tina was right. I am surprised at her admission about the number of guys she says she has slept with. I kind of doubt she's telling the truth, but she seems sincere. 

I think back to all the times I saw Brandy in her skimpy bikini. Then I start to think of all those times that I had sex with Judy after seeing Tina. Judy was gorgeous but Brandy is a sex goddess. She could easily be a pinup model. After Judy left, I started spending more and more time with Tina, which also meant I saw more of Brandy. Tina and I both know that there is no future, but we enjoy each other's company. The problem is that I am very much attracted to Brandy and I'm pretty sure Brandy is aware of that. The hard part is that I am closer in age to Brandy than I am to Tina. But I'd never make the mistake of trying anything with Brandy. There is just too much to lose to try that.

Although Tina was about 10 years older than me, her sexual appetite is enormous. As she became more comfortable with me, the sex became more incredible. I often question what her ex-husband was thinking to go and cheat. Tina is fantastic in and out of bed. During the times we aren't having sex, Tina speaks about her Brandy. She is really concerned about Brandy. This admission that Brandy isn't sleeping around is a bit of a shock. 

Brandy finally speaks. "Maybe you're right. I guess that's why my mom likes to hang out with you. You're a really nice guy. I just hope you don't hurt her."

"I'm trying very hard."

She smiles slyly and says, "Maybe when she's done with you, she'll let me have some fun."

"You're evil, you know that?"

We walk together for about 30 minutes just talking about school and some other things. As we walk past her house we see Tina on the deck drinking some wine.

"Hey, I was wondering where you went off to," she calls down.

"Hey mom. I was just walking with John and Pup. Hope you don't mind."

"No, that's ok. You guys talk about anything important?"

Brandy looks at me and I stare at her hoping she takes my advice. "No, not really." Brandy hesitates, takes another look at me and says, "actually, are you doing anything tonight?"

Tina looks at me then back at Brandy. "No, what do you have in mind?" 

"Dinner, just you and me?"

"Of course. Do you want to eat out or cook something?"

"Let's go out." 

I take leave of the ladies and head back to my house. After a quick dinner and some finishing touches on a few hours of work I get ready for bed. Pup and I take another quick walk before retiring and I head to bed. Pup lifts his head and barks just before I hear the back door slide open. Pup stands up, growls and runs to my bedroom door. A couple of quick barks and then he runs back into my bedroom with his tail wagging. He lies down beside the bed and I look towards the door to see Tina standing against the door frame. She's wearing a small Japanese silk robe that barely covers below her waist. The robe is cinched at her waist, but the top is open enough to see the skin between her tits. 

"Hi. I hope you don't mind but I let myself in."

I smile and say, "Not at all. I'm glad to see you. Although I am a bit surprised."

She walks towards the bed and undoes the small robe as she approaches. As expected, she's got nothing on underneath. Tina climbs into bed with me, crawls up her body and kisses me. I can taste the wine on her tongue as it plunges into my mouth. She pulls the blanket off of me and reaches between us. She takes the waistband of my pants and pulls them down. I lift my ass off the bed to help her. As she works my pants down, I reach for her large breasts that hang between us. Even after all these months together I marvel at how firm they are.

She moans as I play with her nipples which are already rock hard. She pulls away only to remove my pants and quickly moves back into position. Her hand moves between us and grabs my already hard cock. She's moving way faster than she has before and before I have a chance to comment she slams her pussy down on my cock. She screams loudly as my cock is engulfed. I've never seen quite this turned on but decide to let her control the action. She barely takes time to let me get comfortable before she starts to ride hard. Her hands on my chest, her head is thrown back and her hips are a blur. 

She slams her hips down so hard that I can almost feel her cervix. Her tits are bouncing like crazy and sweat is already dripping down her body. I'm not sure that I've felt her this wet before except when I've had sloppy seconds with her. I finally decide to partake in the action, reach up and grab her tits roughly. She calms down slightly and opens her eyes. 

"So, what exactly did you say to Brandy during your walk?" She smiles but doesn't stop moving her hips. 

I slide my hands to her hips and slow her down. "She had some questions for me and I gave her some advice. I hope I didn't overstep my bounds."

She leans down to kiss me. "Do you think I'd be here if I was upset?" I'm a bit confused. "So what did she tell you?"

"I'm sure she told you."

"Not anything specific, just that you told her some things that helped her. She also asked if I'd take her shopping. We haven't done that since she was in high school."

"Good. Now do you mind some advice?"

"Maybe."

"Listen to what she has to say. I think she's got something going on, but I'm not sure what."

"Hmm. I'll see. Now can we get back to what I came here for?"

"And what exactly is that?"

"You haven't figured that out yet?"

"No. You know us guys. Sometimes we're a little dense."

"I've come here to get laid. Multiple times if you can handle it."

I grab her hip and flip her onto her back, my cock never leaving her pussy. "I'm pretty sure I can handle that." I slam my hips hard a few times making her grunt but then pull out.

"Oh, don't stop now." I smile devilishly at her and slide down her body, kissing as I move lower. Her protest quickly turn to moans as my tongue makes contact with her clit. "Oh, please don't stop." I dip my tongue into her damp pussy eliciting more moans from her. "Oh, that's it."

Over the past few months I've gotten to know her special spots intimately. I slowly slide a couple of finger into her pussy and curl them up to rub her rough spot just inside her pussy. Her moans get louder as I suck deeply on her clit. I can feel her pussy tighten around my fingers as she gets closer to her first orgasm. With my free hand, I reach under her raised ass and rub my finger around the ring of her ass. She clenches as she feels my finger begin to probe her anus but quickly relaxes as I apply more pressure and my finger slowly slides in. A quick suck on her clit sets off Tina's first orgasm. She screams loud and her body convulses as a flood of juice escapes her spasming pussy. 

As her body shakes through the orgasm, I continue to attack her flooding pussy. Before her first orgasm finishes, she starts on a second one that takes her breath away. I relent on her pussy and let her slowly come down. 

As Tina relaxes, I move my body up her body till the head of my cock is pressing against the swollen lips of her pussy. With her eyes still closed and her breathing ragged, I slam my cock into her pussy. Tina screams and her eyes open. She screams again as I plunge my cock into her again and again. She wraps her arms around my neck, pulling me tighter against her as I continue to slam into her. 

"Of fuck John, don't stop. I'm so close. Fuck me harder." 

Who am I to disobey a lady. I push myself up and pound her over and over. Tina extends her arms over her head and gives her body over to me. Her tits are bouncing crazily and she is staring intently into my eyes. 

"I'm getting really close."

"Do it. Flood my pussy with cum. Come on stud. Fuck my pussy."

I'm holding back because I want her to cum one more time. "Come on, cum for me. Grip my cock with that tight pussy and cum. Come on you little slut. You know you want to. Show me how a real woman cums." I reach and grab her legs, pinning her thighs to her chest to give me deeper access. She grabs her own ankles and spreads them further apart and suddenly I'm slamming her into the bed. I reach down and twist her nipples. When she doesn't cum I reach down further and rub her clit.

That's the final bit of stimulation she needs and her body explodes in orgasm. Her clenching pussy pushes me over the edge and I flood her pussy with a huge amount of cum. I'm completely lost in my orgasm. I can feel each shot as it moves from my sac through my cock and lets loose into her sloppy pussy. I am so out of control my cock slips out of her pussy and the last two shots land on her tits.

I am finally able to calm down and I roll off Tina's still shaking body and onto my back. It takes several minutes to catch my breath and when I'm finally able to move again I roll over to find Tina staring at me. She has a tired smile on her face.

"Did that meet your approval?" I ask.

Her smile widens. "More than meets my approval. I think I should be good to go for a bit."

I look down her body and see the cum dripping off her large tit. "Why don't we go take a quick shower? I think I made a mess."

She looks down to where I'm looking and wipes the cum with her finger. Then she does something that catches me completely off-guard. She puts her finger into her mouth and slowly licks it clean. She repeats this several times till the mess is almost gone. Watching her little show already has my cock hardening.

"Damn that was sexy as hell."

She only smiles and pushes me onto my back. I've never seen her like this. She's completely in lust. "So, do you think you can get hard again?"

Before I can answer she moves down my body and sucks my cock into her mouth. In a short time I'm completely hard. When she's satisfied that I'm ready, she moves back up my body and sinks down onto my cock again. 

"I guess that answers my question." Her pussy is a sloppy mess. Between the load I dumped into her and her three orgasms, she is able to bounce easily. "I got so horny talking with my daughter." She's moving slowly, obviously sated but not satisfied. "She told me all about her sex life. She told me she's only been with three guys. I asked her if she was telling me the truth and she said she was. But she also told me that she gives a lot of blow jobs. That she does that so that she doesn't have to fuck." Her hips move a bit faster as she's talking to me.

"I told her about us and as we drank our second bottle of wine, I got into more details. I told her about how I used to come over and share you with Judy. I even went into detail about that night that we first got together. She then started telling me about her experiences. It's very sad, but she's never had an orgasm with another guy. And she's not even sure she's had one by herself."

"Not sure? Wouldn't you know?"

"Yes, I'm pretty sure she would. But as we drank a third bottle, she gave me quite a few details. I asked her about the guys and details about them. From what I could gather, the guys she's been with were quick triggers. And they've never even given her a small amount of pleasure. By the end of the third bottle she was falling asleep and I was hornier than I've ever been. I put her to sleep, took a quick shower, put on that robe and came over."

"Well, it sounds like an interesting night."

Tina leans close and kisses me. "I need one more orgasm. I want to feel like a slut tonight. Can you make me feel like a slut?"
