 Author's Note: This series of stories follows on from the "Growing Up" series, and before the "Single Life - My Own Place". While this series can be read without reading the other two, there are some story line elements which link the three series' together.

*****

It had been several years since I had moved out of home. I had enjoyed living with my step-mom Hayley, and her daughter Lauren. We had grown close together after my dad passed away when I was young, especially when I turned 18, both Hayley and Lauren opened up my world of sexual encounters. Now it was time for me to be my own person, and make a life for myself after all that had happened.

After we found out that Chrissy had gone missing, nothing had been the same.

I will never forget the day I was told the news. Lauren and I had just left Amy's place, and we were on our way home. I still had mixed feelings about what had happened between Amy and I with regards to the video and the exchange of money to keep the video of the lingerie store dressing room a secret. That's when Lauren's mobile rang.

It was Alaina, Lauren's friend from uni. She sounded panicked and confused. She was supposed to meet up with Chrissy after their day at uni, and drive home together. However Chrissy never turned up, and her mobile phone just rang out whenever Alaina tried to call her. Lauren kept Alaina calm and said that she'll try and call Chrissy's mom Tessa to see if she had heard from Chrissy. I turned right at the next set of lights, and headed towards Chrissy's place to see if she had just forgotten about going home with Alaina, or just simply lost her phone.

By the time we parked outside of Chrissy's home, Lauren had already spoken to Tessa, who had left work early to come and see if Chrissy was home. Normally Tessa was very bubbly and outgoing, however she greeted us at the door with her mobile phone to her ear and wiping the tears from her eyes with her other hand. No one had seen or heard from Chrissy.

The following months consisted of talking with the police on several occasions to help them with their investigation, social media posts, scouring the neighborhood and university for clues, and a tonne of posted flyers all over town. Chrissy had completely vanished. She hadn't taken anything, her phone either went flat or turned off, bank accounts remained untouched, no social media. Nothing.

It wasn't until a year after her disappearance, I started to move on. I held on to the hope that she was still alive and out there somewhere, and she would come back someday. But I needed to move on, I was exhausted, and tired of the endless dead ends. My training as a pilot was starting to pay off, and my job as a trainee pilot for a small courier company was becoming more demanding.

Over the next two years, my nights and weekends consisted mainly of drinking, clubbing, and one night stands. I usually stayed away from brunettes, as some of them would remind me of Chrissy. And so blondes became my thing.

The routine was the same. Have several drinks at the bar, slow grinding of my body against a random girl on the dance floor, ending up either having sex in a quiet spot of the club, in the car, or back at her place. I never took them to my place, nor did I want to exchange numbers. To some of the girls, this suited them fine as they enjoyed themselves. The girls that were clingy, and would just drive me away and I would leave as soon as the sex was over.

Girls would be attracted to my good looks, and of course the money I splurged. Being a trainee pilot didn't pay much, but now that I was over 21, I had access to the income generated by the trust fund dad had left me, which was a very sizable amount.

What had surprised me since the disappearance of Chrissy, was the support I had received from an old high school teacher, Ms Moss, over the past 3 years.

I had bumped into her in a lingerie shop shortly after I had turned 18. My step-mom Hayley had invited her around for dinner about a month after Chrissy had gone missing. I now had the chance to get to know her outside of what I knew about her back in school.

Every time I had seen Ms Moss, she always looked incredible. She wore clothes which suited her short slim 5'6 stature and her gorgeous curves. Her green eyes and smile would capture any man's attention. Although she was a brunette, I couldn't pass up the opportunity to get to know her more.

She had joined the teaching staff at my high school straight after she had completed her teaching degree, and so she was only five years older than me, at 23 when she joined the teaching staff at my high school. Her passion was for teaching, especially sport and home economics, and while she could get any man she wanted, she remained single and free from the burden of being tied down with a relationship.

After that night, we had exchanged numbers, and kept in contact either by text messages or meeting up on the odd occasion for lunch or dinner over the next 3 years. For the first year, she would let me talk about Chrissy and how the search was going, she was always comforting and coming up with ideas on how to look for her. I would enjoy hearing her talk about her teaching, and how the school was going now that I was no longer there.

Now that I was 21 and she was 26, we had spent a considerable amount of time together, and our conversations were now well and truly on a deep personal level. She asked me about my job and latest female 'conquest', as she put it. I would ask her about her teaching career, and the goals she wanted to achieve.

We went out at least once a week to our favorite restaurants for dinner. This time she disclose during dinner that the principle had asked her to take on the sex education classes for the year 12s. My sex education at the school had been from a elderly woman who had a very traditional outlook on sex, and kept the lesson very formal. So I was keen to learn how Ms Moss was taking it on.

"So how are they still combining the guys and girls into one class?" I said as I took another bite of my meal.

"They're allowing me to handle it anyway I want to. Apparently it wasn't working with the past few people that have taken it on, so they're letting me do whatever." She said excitedly.

"And you've done your first classes yet?" I said.

"Yes."

"And? How did it go? What did you do?" I said eagerly waiting her response.

Ms Moss paused and took a sip of her white wine. "I've decided to separate the guys and girls into two classes. I think it will allow them to ask more personal questions with no judgement from the other sex. And they have to be over 18."

"I think that's a great idea. I remember not asking certain questions in fear that girls will laugh or think differently of me." I said before taking another bite of my overpriced steak in front of me. It was the sauce that kept me ordering it every time we came here.

Ms Moss took her knife and fork into her hands again to continue her dinner. "Both the guys and girls come up with some interesting questions."

I swallowed the steak in my mouth. "Oh yeah?" I was intrigued. "Was are they asking?"

Ms Moss looked around at the other people in the restaurant, and then back at me, leaned in closer to me, and whispered. "It's best not to say it here."

The rest of the dinner was pleasant and we both had a great time. As I drove into her modest cottage style house, my mind was still thinking about what the students had asked Ms Moss.

She unbuckled her seat belt, opened the car door, and then turned to me. "Want to come in for a drink?"

"Yeah. Absolutely. Sounds like a great idea." I said as I unbuckled my seat belt.

In the time I had gotten to know Ms Moss, I had never been inside her home. The furnishings were quite modern, and the house it's self had been updated on the inside. Nic-naks and photos of her life were on the bookshelves and across the fireplace. The lounge room was dimly lit.

"Make yourself at home." Ms Moss called out as she made her way into her master bedroom at the rear of the house.

I slowly walked past the photos, nik-naks, and books. Ms Moss had certainly traveled a fair bit, and liked to read romance novels.

She returned a few minutes later with a glass of red wine in each hand. She had taken off her black slim fitted evening dress, and now wore a black satin nightgown with lace trim around the edges. It was long enough to cover the top of her thighs, and the V neck showed off her ample bosoms.

My cock stood at attention at the sight of her. She had never dressed like this in front of me before.

She handed me one of the glasses and we sat next to each other on the couch. She turned her body and placed her shapely legs on my lap. I was a little taken back, but decided to go with it.

I took a large sip of my wine before placing it on the side table next to me. My hands started massaging her feet.

She closed her eyes, and licked her lips. "Mmmm, that feels good."

I continued to work my hands on her feet.

After a few minutes of silence. "I'm interested to know what the students asked you." I said inquisitively.

Ms Moss opened her eyes and looked at me with a smile. "Most of the guys are shy and quiet, so it's mostly me doing the talking. Whereas the girls are a lot more open."

She drank more wine, and continued. "I've just had the one lesson so far, and most of their questions were 'What is sex like?', 'Does it hurt the first time?'. Things like that." She took another sip of her wine. "I assured them it was fun, and does take practice. The first time can be a little painful, but that passes. Other girls in the class nodded in agreement. You could tell the ones that had already had sex, and the ones that were still virgins."

I worked my hands around the soles of her feet. "What else do they ask?" I said looking into her eyes.

Ms Moss let out a slight giggle. "They ask how big do cocks get. And it told them it varies from male to male, just like boobs do from female to female. But they kept asking, and so I showed them the average penis length on a ruler, and the thickness with my fingers." She said holding up her hand with her index finger wrapped around to her thumb.

My hands glided around her feet, across her ankles, and slightly up her legs. "What did you tell them was the average length?"

Ms Moss let out a small moan of pleasure. "I said the average guy is about 6-7 inches long. But they can be shorter and longer."

My cock was hard and I shifted in my seat.

Ms Moss bit her lower lip again. She bent her left leg so that the heel of her foot pressing against the shaft of my cock. "I'm sure yours is on the longer side, am I right?"

I watched as her foot rubbed back and forth slowly over my cock. "It's definitely longer than 7 inches."

"Would you show me if I asked you?" She said softly.

I paused for a little bit, and looked over her gorgeous body. "Of course I would."

"Show me then." She said looking directly at me.

"Right here? Right now?" I said a little shocked.

She giggled. "Yeah. Why not. You're here, I'm here, there's no one around."

I hesitated. The look on her face was playful, and she definitely wasn't giving any signs that she was joking around. I took the glass in my hand and took a big swig of wine. I then stood up and faced her. I removed my shoes and socks off, and took deep breath and began undoing the front of my jeans. I pulled them down, leaving my black boxers on. My hard cock was clearly visible through the material.

Ms Moss sat up on the couch, smiled, and didn't take her eyes off my hard member.

I placed a thumb either side of my boxers and removed it in one quick motion. My cock sprung free, only inches from her face.

Ms Moss gasped and covered her mouth with her hands. After the initial shock, she remarked. "Wow, you're huge. How long is it?"

"Last time I measured it, it was over 9 inches." I said looking down at her sitting on the couch in front of me.

Ms Moss reached out her right hand and grasped my cock. "It's so thick too." She said as she looked at my cock in her hand.

After a little while, her hand naturally started stroking my cock.

"What else do they ask?" I said as I watched her hand slide up and down.

Ms Moss shifted in body on the couch so her mouth was close to my cock. She looked up at me. "They ask how to make a guy cum."

I cleared my throat. "And what did you tell them?"

"Nothing. The bell rang and the class was over. But I did tell them that we'll discuss that in another lesson."

Ms Moss licked the head of my cock, and then lent back to looked up at me with a huge grin. "I've got a great idea. How about you come to the next lesson. It will be great. They can see what a big cock looks like, and I can show them how to make a guy cum."

"Are you sure that's a good idea? I mean, aren't they under 18 and you could get into trouble?" I said. Obviously I didn't want her to change her mind, but I wanted to make sure it would be all ok. 

"Sure it will be." She said as she smiled and placed the head of my cock in her warm mouth. Her lips were soft as they glided up and down my shaft.

After a couple of minutes, the tension in my cock was building. Ms Moss took my cock out of her mouth, and stood up. She kissed me passionately on the lips. "How about you save yourself until the next lesson with the girls this Friday at 2pm?"

I held her hips in both hands, my cock pressing against the satin of her nightgown. I could feel the warmth of her vagina. I looked into her deep green eyes. "Ms Moss, I'll do anything for you."

Ms Moss cupped my face with her hands and kissed me again. "Good. You can start by calling me Amanda."

To be continued.