 After the debacle of a few night ago, I decide to just concentrate on my date with Summer. The poker game on Friday never came to be so instead of call Mandy, I sit quietly at home watch some movies. It's a little weird as I keep thinking that at some point Tina or Brandy are going to walk through the door, but that never happens. 

Just after nine the phone rings and I see that it is Summer. "Hey there. Ready for tomorrow?"

"I am. I just want to see what you have planned."

"Dinner for starters and then we'll see from there. I'm open to anything but movies. I think that a first date should be a good time to do something, not sit around not talking. So if you have any ideas, just let me know."

"I'm open for anything. What should I wear? Casual or fancy?" 

"Somewhere in between will be good. I know this little Italian place that we can have a little privacy. There are only about seven or eight tables, so it doesn't get real crowded, but the food is amazing. Is 7:30 still good for you?"

"Yup. That gives me plenty of time to get home, shower and get ready. I'm actually leaving a little earlier but I'd still like to meet at 7:30. Saturdays are busy and I just want a little while to relax."

"That's fine with me. I'll see you tomorrow at 7:30."

The next day starts out frigid and remains that way all day. Pup and I go for a really long walk around the lake. There aren't very many people out so I let Pup off leash for most of the walk so that he can run around. Other then the walk, I have a quiet day indoors, working on a few small projects around the house. I keep myself busy all day and don't give much thought to Tina and Brandy. I'm still a bit peeved about how things went down. 

I give myself plenty of time to get ready for my date and arrive at Summer's house just a few minutes before 7:30. She opens the door just before I knock. She looks incredible. Her hair is tied in a long pony tail that hangs over her shoulder. She is wearing a blouse that hangs loosely over her slim body and a short skirt that hangs to her knees. The boots come up to mid calf and have three inch heels.

"Hi," I say as I hand her a single red rose. "You look amazing."

"Thank you. You look great too. Come on in. I just need two more minutes and I'll be ready. Please ignore the furniture. Remember, I live with my parents."

"The place looks nice. A lot less messy than your last place."

"Oh yeah, I forgot you saw that place. I guess this isn't so bad after all. I'll be right out."

I can tell she is very nervous. I walk around the living room looking at all the pictures on the walls. There are a lot of Summer growing up. She looks like a little pixie in most of them. Of course, she still does to some extent. 

"Hmm, my childhood in pictures. Maybe I should have taken those down."

"You've always been pretty small, haven't you?"

"Yeah. I've been the smallest person pretty much from birth. I'm ready to go if you are."

"Still looking at pictures." I get to one of her at the beach. She must be four or five and she's building a sand castle. The next picture is of her at Disney and then there's another one playing in the yard. "Your parents like taking pictures, don't they."

"Much to my adult embarrassment."

"You're cute in all of these. Just like the adult version." I didn't hear her come up behind me and almost trip when I turn around.

"So you think I'm cute?"

"Very much so. With a naughty sexiness to go with it."

"Naughty sexiness. I'm not even sure what that means."

"Me either. How about we go?"

Dinner turns out to be a great time and the horror of our first date has become a distant memory. After dinner she talks me into going into the local arcade. It's the first time I'd ever been here and Summer becomes my tour guide. We spend a few hours playing different games and then she talks me into a game of laser tag. It's getting late so there are only a few people left. Other than a couple of kids, we have the whole place to ourselves. At first Summer easily hits me. Her small size makes it easy for her to hide and move around so I try to format a plan of my own. I hide in a dark corner and wait for her to sneak past. 

Summer is very light on her feet and I almost miss her passing by. When she gets into my line of vision I begin shooting and catch her completely off guard. She squeals and tries to run away but her boot catches on something and she trips. I jump from my hiding place and shoot her a few more times.

"I surrender," she says and holds up her hands. "That wasn't very nice you know."

"Please, you were kicking my ass. I had to do something." I hold out my hand to help her up but I pull her hard enough that she falls against me. We stare at each other and just as I lean down to kiss her I hear my vest beeping. 

"Gotcha," she says smiling.

"Trickster." Before I can get her back the buzzer goes off and it's time to leave. We walk out holding hands and get our shot sheets. She absolutely destroyed me, even with my sneak attack.

"Looks like I win."

"So I see. What does my lady wish as her prize?"

"You have to rub my feet. These boots are not made for laser tag."

"No they aren't."

"How about back at your place?" 

"I don't remember inviting you."

"You didn't? Hm, I could have sworn you just asked me what I wanted for my prize."

"I did. Shall we leave?" We hold hands as we walk to my car. The ride home is quiet and I can feel Summer's nervousness. "Are you sure you don't want me to take you home?"

"No. I don't want tonight to end yet."

"This isn't going to be our only date. I've been having a really good time with you."

"Better than our first date?"

"Much better. I don't have to hold your hair for you tonight."

"Yes. That you don't."

Back at my house I let her in and Pup comes running over to us. Summer jumps back and I intercept Pup before he knocks her over. I realize he probably out-weighs her. "Sorry, he's just excited and probably needs to go out. Come on in."

I lead her through the house holding onto Pup. I open the back door and he runs out to his grassy area. "I should have warned you about him."

"That's one big dog."

"He's very friendly, especially once you get to know him. Are you afraid of dogs?"

"No, he's just really big."

"Would you like a drink? I've got some wine, beer and some bottles of liquor if you want something stronger."

"I'd like a beer please." As I go into the kitchen Summer walks around the house. "No pictures of you as a kid. Too bad."

"Those are all at my parent's house."

"Well, maybe you have a photo album I can check out."

"Nope, nothing like that around here. At least not of me as a kid. So, how about that foot rub?"

"I was just kidding."

"Come on, sit down. I'll get some lotion. I'm sure you were on your feet all day at work too."

"Really, John. You don't have to do that for me."

"Just sit down and take your boots off. I'll be right back."

I go into the bathroom and get some lotions. "I haven't used these since Judy left," I think to myself.

"Ok, here's a few choices. Let me know which one you like."

Summer starts to check out each one. "Should I be concerned that you have this many lotions in your house?"

"I used to give Judy a lot of foot rubs. She'd bring these over and then leave them."

"This one smells nice. Let's start with this one."

I have Summer sit on the couch and put her feet on my lap. "Use that pillow if it makes you more comfortable." She takes the pillow I pointed to and sets it behind her. It's hard to imagine she isn't a child by the size of her feet. It makes giving her a foot rub much easier. 

"Oh god that feels good."

"Tell me if it gets to be too much."

"No, don't stop. That feels wonderful. If you ever get tired of computers you should do this for a living. I'd be here every day after work."

She closes her eyes and leans her head back on the couch. Every once in a while a slight moan escapes from her lips. I completely focus on her right foot for about fifteen minutes. I spend another fifteen minutes or so on her other foot and by this time I'm not even sure she's awake. Once I've finished her other foot I begin to massage her calves. This elicits more moans from her. 

"All done," I say once I've massaged both of her legs. "Would you like another beer?"

"No thank you," she says dreamily. "That was amazing. I feel so much better now."

"And you weren't going to let me do it."

"You can do that anytime you like."

"What time should I get you home? It's getting kind of late."

"No curfew. I'm actually off tomorrow. It's the first weekend I've had free since September and I plan on sitting around in my pajamas and doing nothing."

She still has her feet in my lap and I am caressing her legs. "Sounds like a well planned day."

"It's going to be wonderful. My parents are in Florida for the next two months and I have the house to myself. No school, no work, just quiet time."

As I continue to caress her legs she spreads them apart slightly. She still has a dreamy look on her face. "I don't want you to stop, but I've got to use the bathroom."

"It's right through there. Are you sure you wouldn't like another drink?"

"I'm sure. Be right back." 

While she's gone I grab another beer for myself. I sit back on the couch and when Summer comes back out she lies on the couch, putting her feet back on my lap. 

"What about you? Any plans for tomorrow?"

"Nothing special. I'll take Pup for a walk and probably watch some football. Other then that, I have nothing planned."

"You could come over and watch the game with me if you'd like. I can cook some dinner and we can hang out."

"That sounds good to me."

"Cool. Come over at one and we can spend the day together." 

I'm rubbing her legs again and as my hand moves over her knee her legs spread again.

"That feels really nice."

"You look like you're about to fall asleep."

"No, just enjoying this a lot. Don't stop."

I look over at the clock and see it's close to one. "Oh damn, I almost forgot about Pup. I'll be right back."

After I let Pup back in I sit closer to Summer. She puts her legs over mine again. "How long are you out from school?"

"I go back the sixth or seventh. Whatever that Monday is." I start rubbing her leg again but this time include rubbing her lower thigh. As my hand creeps up her thigh she spreads her legs apart further. "Looking for something?" she asks, her voice a bit huskier.

"No, just playing."

"Well, it feels good, so don't stop."

I reach over and pull her face closer to mine. Our lips touch in a very tender kiss. She scoots closer to me and my hand moves further up her legs. As my fingers move close to her sweet spot I begin to feel a little heat building. Our kissing becomes a little more heated as well. I remove my hand from under her skirt and start to unbutton her blouse. I undo just a few buttons and then slide my hand under the blouse. There is nothing between my hand and the skin of her chest. 

Her breasts are small but very firm. First I play with one and then the other. I can feel her nipples harden and am impressed with how large they are. They must be pretty sensitive too because the more I touch them the louder she moans. 

Summer has both arms wrapped around my neck and is pulling me tight to her. I unbutton the rest of her blouse to get better access to her breasts. As I move my hand back up I feel something on her stomach. I pull back and see that she has a belly button pierce and she has a jeweled ring. 

"Do you like it? I've had it for a while."

"That's pretty cool." While I'm checking her ring out, I also take a quick look at her tits. They are probably an A-cup but her nipples stick out at least an inch.

"Kind of small, aren't they?"

"They are perfect," I respond and kiss her again. "Big tits would look weird on you."

"I still wish they were a bit bigger. But they are very sensitive."

We start slow kissing again and I place my hand on her hip. As the kiss becomes more passionate I move my hand down her hip to the hem of her dress and slide in under again. I move my hand back to her hip without encountering any panties. I begin to wonder if she wore anything under her outfit. That thought really turns me on.

"How about we get more comfortable?"

"Lead the way," she says as she climbs off my lap. I take her hand and pull her into the bedroom. She removes her blouse and gets into bed. I check out her topless form and notice what looks like a tattoo peaking out about the waistband of her skirt. I reach over and pull it down.

"It's a dolphin. I got that for my eighteenth birthday." She rolls her hip and pulls the waistband down on the other side. "I've got a rose on this side and another tattoo somewhere else. That one is hidden for the moment."

I move onto the bed and push Summer onto her back. "Well, I guess I'll just have to find it."

"Well, you've seen most of me so far. There aren't too many places to look." She looks so tiny beneath me that I am almost afraid that I might hurt her if I'm too rough. I start by kissing her lips, then her chin. I move slowly down her body, kissing her neck and then her collarbone. She has her fingers in my hair as I continue to kiss down her body. 

When I get to her tits I spend a lot of time licking and sucking on her nipples. Her hips begin to dance beneath me as my tongue does a good job of stimulating her nipples. 

"Oh, that feels so good," she moans. Her grip on my hair gets tighter the longer I spend on her nipples. But there is a better prize further below so I start to kiss a path down her stomach. I'm impressed how tight her tummy is. When I get to her belly button, I stick the tip of my tongue down to play with the ring. She squeals loudly as my tongue moves around. "Holy shit, stop, that tickles."

I move on and at the top of her skirt I kiss a ring around the edge. I grab the band of the skirt and she lifts her hips as I pull the skirt down. I was right earlier and find that she's not wearing underwear.

"Completely commando?"

"I had to take them off earlier. They were a bit damp."

"Damp?"

"I told you I enjoyed the foot rub. The entire crotch was soaked so when I went to the bathroom I took them off."

"You dirty little girl."

"You haven't seen anything yet."

"You really like roses, don't you." She has another tattoo just above her clit. "Who was the lucky person that got to do that?"

"It's an interesting story. Maybe I'll tell you about it sometime."

"Maybe. But I've got other things to take care of right now." She lets out a little moan at what I said and than a bigger one as my tongue touches her clit. She actually smells a bit rosy. It doesn't take long before she is moaning louder. The scent of roses gets stronger as her nectar starts to run out of her pussy. Her lips are enlarged and spread open so that I can see to her inner lips. Those are already quite slick and inviting me to take a quick taste. As my tongue penetrates those inner lips Summer thrusts her pelvis against my face and moans loud.

"Oh fuck don't stop. Lick my sweet pussy. That's it. Fuck me with your tongue, oh crap that feels good." Her pitch is getting higher the more I lick. I look up her body and see her playing with her nipples. She's pinching and pulling on them while I continue to fuck her with my tongue. "Oh, this is so much better than I dreamed. Don't stop."

I push her thighs further apart to get better access to her pussy and her lips open up for me. She reaches down to pull her legs back and now I have full access to her tight pussy. I first push one finger and then a second finger into her and am amazed by how tight she is. Her reaction to my fingers and then my tongue is explosive. 

"Oh you fucking bastard. Make me come. Make me cum all over your face. That's right, don't stop. Oh I'm close. Fuck me harder. Fuck me harder. Oh yeah, that's it."

I try to push a third finger into her but she is incredibly tight. I suck hard on her clit and her pussy sucks my fingers into her just before she explodes in orgasm. Her hips buck against my face and then she starts to thrash. What started out as a small trickle has now become a full river of liquid. The flavor is a bit tart but not unpleasant. The whole bed is shaking as Summer cums. She finally settles enough and pushes me away with her feet on my shoulders. 

"Oh, that's enough. I need a break." I move up the bed and cuddle next to her. "I can't believe that. That was the best oral job I've ever had." She is breathing deeply and has a big smile on her face. "My best fantasy doesn't even beat that."

"I'm glad you enjoyed yourself."

She looks over at me. "You need to get your clothes off because I need to return the favor." She helps me off with my shirt and pants. When she pulls my underwear off her eyes open wide. "Oh fuck." She leans down and licks just the head of my penis. "You are way bigger than my ex." She takes a few more licks before opening her mouth wide to take me in. "I'm not sure I can do this." 

She takes her time swallowing my cock and I watch as she concentrates. "This thing is amazing." She can only get about half of it into her mouth before she has to come up for air. "Sorry, but you are just too big for me."

"It's OK. You don't have to do this."

"But I want to. Maybe another time though. How about something better?"

"What do you have in mind?"

Instead of answering she crawls up my body till she is above my dick. "It's been a while and you are much bigger than anyone else." She rubs her well lubed pussy along my entire shaft. "I want this bad boy inside of me. I've wanted this for a long time and I'm going to take it. Do you have a problem with that?"

"Not at all."

"Good. Not that I thought you would argue." It took several tries but she soon had the head of my cock inside of her. "This might be more difficult than I thought."

"Take your time."

It feels like an eternity and she only has half of me inside of her. I can't believe how tight she is. Sweat is dripping between her tits and the look of concentration on her face is almost funny. 

"Oh crap, it feels like you're going into my stomach." She finally has me fully inside of her and she is just waiting to get adjusted to my size. "I've never had anyone this deep before. I almost feel like a virgin again."

Ever so slowly she starts to lift her hips and just as slowly descends. She does this several times before I finally feel her loosen up. When she is ready she starts to pick up the pace. She still doesn't move very fast but I am already very aroused and can feel my balls start to churn.

"I'm getting close."

"Cum in me. I want to feel you cum. Fill my womb with your cum." She starts to move faster and faster. "Oh god, I'm going to cum too. I'm going to cum all over your big fat cock. Your big dick is stretching my tiny pussy and going to make it cum all over you."

Her hips are now slamming down on me and the churning has now become a full boil. "That's it, fuck me with your tight pussy. You like getting stretched out by my big cock. Keep fucking me and I'm going to fill your little pussy with cum. Oh, that's it, fuck me. Show me what your pussy can do."

"Oh yeah. John, I'm cumming. Come on baby, fill my pussy with your man juice. Fill me up." Her pussy grabs me and I explode. At the same time she screams and I feel her juices pour out of her body mixed with my cum.

"Oh, fuck, I'm cumming Summer. Feel my cum inside of you. I'm going to fill your tight fucking pussy." 

Jet after jet shoot into her tight pussy and I grab her hips and thrust up each time another jet explodes. I hold her down on my dick and shoot one more time into her before settling back onto the bed. Summer slumps onto my chest at the same time and we both lie there, breathing deeply. As my dick softens I feel a huge blob of our combined juices leak out of her overfilled pussy. 
