 "Oh fuck John, don't stop. Please, I'm so close," Tiffany screeches.

I lean forward and grab hold of her bouncing tits and start pulling her back as I ram her pussy from behind. Her hot pussy grips my cock tight as her orgasm races through her body. She begins to quiver as she tries to control the uncontrollable. Her head goes back and she screams as the orgasm she's been trying to hold back breaks free and takes control of her body. As her pussy spasms around my erection, a steady flow of juices runs out of her, giving me the extra lubrication I need to continue my assault.

This is actually her second powerful orgasm since we woke up this morning and I found her in our new kitchen working on breakfast. The first one came as she was cooking breakfast. I snuck up behind her and started to kiss her neck while she scrambled the eggs for our omelets. It wasn't long before my erection was pushing between her lips and entering her body. She pretended to protest, but it was all an act. An act I know oh so well.

Over the past several months, I've come home only to find her in the kitchen wearing nothing but underwear and an apron. At first I thought she was doing it to be a tease, but after a while, I realized she enjoyed it immensely.

Since we moved into the new house, it has only become more commonplace and this morning was no different. Now she doesn't even bother with the underwear. 

So, after our first romp before breakfast, I am now finishing off breakfast by taking her while we wash the dishes together. Since I've already cum once, I think this is going to take a while but Tiffany has other ideas. Just as her orgasm is slowing, I reach between her legs and lightly rub her clit which ramps up her orgasm again. 

Tiffany surprises me by reaching between her legs and squeezing my balls. Just as her orgasm reaches its climax, I begin so shoot rope after rope of hot, steaming cum into her waiting pussy. The extra heat from m orgasm pushes her over the edge and we both grunt through our mutual orgasms.

I slow my thrusting and start to soften which allows our combined juices to run down her legs. I kiss her neck as we both start to calm down and she reaches behind me to grab my ass, holding me against her.

"I love Sunday mornings," she says after I completely slip out of her. 

"Hmm, me too," I agree.

Tiffany grabs a dish towel and wipes our juices from between her legs. She wraps her arms around my neck and kisses me. "So, what do you have planned for today?"

"Absolutely nothing. I thought we could just sit outside and relax. "Does that sound good to you?"

"I think I can handle that. Only one problem with your plan."

"What's that?" I ask confused.

"We are having dinner with my family for my sister's birthday. We're supposed to be there by one for an early dinner."

"Damn. It feels like we never have time to just sit around."

"I know. I have a long weekend coming up in a few weeks. Why don't we go away for the weekend? I'll make sure I have all of my papers graded and you clear your schedule. I'll give you the exact dates later."

"Is there someplace you have in mind?"

"Anywhere that we can be alone works for me."

"I'll make the plans and let you know."

We finish cleaning up from breakfast and then shower and get dressed for her sister's party. After the party, we pull up to the house and a strange car is parked in front of the garage.

"Are you expecting anyone?" I ask Tiffany.

"No, you?"

"No."

"Should we call the cops?"

"Uh, no. Just keep your phone handy."

We get out of the car and start to walk to the house when Pup comes running around from the side. "I thought we left him in the house," Tiffany says.

"We did."

"I'm calling the police."

"No. If it was someone breaking into the house, I don't think Pup would be playing. Let's see who's back there."

I follow Pup around to the backyard and stop short when I see him playing with someone. The person looks up and I can't think of anything to say.

"John, do you know her?" Tiffany asks.

"Yeah. This is Judy."

"Your ex-girlfriend Judy?"

"Yes."

"What's she doing here?"

Still staring at Judy, I say, "I don't know."

Tiffany walks past me to within a few feet of Judy. Judy looks amazing but my only thoughts are of what is about to happen, so quickly I move to stand next to Tiffany.

"Hi," I say lamely. 

"Hi, John," she says in a low voice. "It's good to see you again."

I swallow nervously. "This is my fiancée, Tiffany." Judy doesn't look surprised at my introduction. "You knew about her."

"I knew you were engaged. Heather told me." She licks her lips nervously. I look deep into her blue eyes and see a sadness that was never there before. I wonder if it is because of my engagement.

"Then why did you come here?"

"I wanted to see you again and hoped you would want to see me."

"Even though you knew I'm engaged."

She nods her head. "My mom died last month."

Now I know why the sadness is there. "I'm so sorry," was all I could manage to say.

To my surprise, Tiffany starts to walk towards the house. "Would you like a drink?" she asks. 

Judy looks at her for the first time, her face showing her shock. "Yes, please," she manages to say.

"We've got beer or I can make us something a little stronger."

"A beer is fine. Thank you."

Tiffany just nods her head in response and walks into the house. Pup is still laying at Judy's feet, his feet in the air waiting for Tiffany to scratch his belly. She bends down to make him happy and all the times she did that while we were together come flooding back.

"How's Maggie?"

"She's good. I almost brought her with me, but didn't think she'd enjoy the ride. She was depressed after we left."

"So, why did you come back?" I ask. 

Judy doesn't look up and continues to play with Pup. "I didn't know you would have moved on so fast."

"It's been a year."

"I know." She takes a deep breath, and to Pup's disappointment, stands up to face me. "I came back because I miss you and I thought I could try to win you back. After I found out you were engaged, I went back to my hotel and cried for a while, realizing I'd missed my chance. I was ready to go home when I decided I just needed to see you again."

"But why?"

"Because you weren't just some guy. I realized that after I'd moved home. You were my friend and someone I could talk to. I was miserable back home. There were so many times I wanted to call, but always chickened out."

"You still haven't said why you are here now."

Judy takes a deep breath before continuing. "Because I really need a friend and you are my only friend."

I stare at her for a while, not able to think of anything to say. I'm torn between wanting to hold her and send her away. "Come sit down," is all I can manage.

She follows me over to the table on the patio and takes a seat across from me just as Tiffany joins us with three beers. After handing one to Judy, Tiffany moves a chair directly next to me and makes an obvious show that I'm hers by leaning over and kissing me. 

I look into Tiffany's eyes and give her a small smile. She smiles back at me and sits down. Pup has taken a seat next to Judy which Tiffany notices but keeps quiet about.

"You're pretty amazing," Judy says to Tiffany.

"How so?"

"If our roles were reversed, there is no way in hell I'd be sitting here with you."

Tiffany tilts her head before saying anything. "Don't be mistaken. I'm not happy that you are here. John's told me about you and how he felt about you. You should know speaks very fondly of you and still cares about you. But he's mine and I will do whatever it takes to keep him."

Tiffany's tone is very calm, but I know here better than that. Judy doesn't flinch though. "I'm not here to steal him. I know him well enough to know that there is nothing I can do to pull him away. I'm here because I need a friend to talk to."

The two girls stare at each other and the tension is getting to be too much until Tiffany nods her head. I can feel her relax even though we aren't touching and I notice Judy's shoulders drop. I sip my drink as I wonder what is going to happen next. I feel like I've got no control over what is happening.

Tiffany pushes her chair back and walks towards the house. "Come on Pup," she calls over her shoulder and Pup rushes into the house with Tiffany. "Take your time. I'm going to watch some television and then take a shower."

"You've got your hands full with that one," Judy mutters.

"Yeah," I answer, not taking my eyes from the door.

"I'm glad you've found someone who loves you that much. That's the kind of girl you deserve."

I turn to look at Judy who is staring at me. "That's why I'm marrying her."

"She just better treat you right or I'll do something about it."

"She does. Better than I deserve."

Neither one of us says anything for a while as we stare at one another. I can't imagine what is going through her mind. Judy is absolutely gorgeous and I can't help remembering all the good times we had together. We managed to pack a lot into six months.

"I really am sorry about your mom," I say after the silence becomes too much.

"Thanks. She's in a much better place. At least she's not hurting anymore."

"Do you want to talk about it?"

"Not really."

"Okay. Then tell me why you needed to see me so badly."

"I was going to see if there could be anything between us again. I've got nothing keeping me back home and am thinking about moving back here."

"What about your family?"

"They only wanted me back to take care of mom. With her gone, they've pulled away again. I thought things would be different, but they aren't."

"I'm not sure moving here would be a good idea. Tiffany is cool with you being here right now, but she feels pretty certain it's only for tonight. If she thinks you're going to stay longer, she will not be so cool."

"I know," Tiffany says sadly. "I guess deep down I hoped I'd show up and you would come running to me. I just have no place else to go." Tears start to roll down her cheeks and it takes all of my willpower to not take her into my arms. My heart is aching to see her like this, but I refuse to risk Tiffany by going to her.

"Judy, I wish you hadn't come here."

Her head drops and she begins to walk away. I make no move to go to her. Judy walks around the house towards her car. I wait to hear the car door, but the sound never comes. I slowly drink my beer and realize my hand is shaking like crazy.

I look up when I hear the door to the porch open and can't believe my eyes when Tiffany walks out holding Judy. Judy's face is a mess as the tears have washed the mascara from her eyes and down her cheeks.

"I saw her sitting next to her car crying," Tiffany says softly. "I'm going to put her in the guest suite. Go get her bag from the car." My mouth drops and all I can do is stare. Tiffany turns back but stops when she sees me not moving. "Come on, go."

The slamming door gets me moving and I get the bags and deliver them to the room. The door is shut, so I knock and Tiffany opens the door and pulls me inside. Judy is sitting in the middle of the bed. She looks like she's been crying pretty hard. I drop the bags next to the bed, but Tiffany grabs me and pushes me out of the room. 

"Go make a pitcher of Cosmos for us," she whispers and shuts the door behind me.

I take a few steps before I realize how ridiculous this is. I turn to go back into the room but decide I better make the drinks instead and head to the kitchen. I bring the pitcher and a couple of glasses back to the room and knock. Tiffany opens the door and grabs the tray.

"Thanks, babe. I'll be out in a little while." She kisses me quickly and then shuts the door before I can say anything. Muttering to myself, I go back outside after grabbing myself another beer.

Three beers later, Tiffany finally joins me, carrying one of her own. "She's in the shower. I told her she can stay if she'd like."

"Why are you doing this?"

"Because I know how much you love me and that you would never do anything stupid."

"I do love you and I won't do anything to risk that."

She leans over and kisses me. "I know. Have you told me everything I need to know about her?"

"I think so."

"Then we're good."

I can tell by looking into her eyes that she's not the least bit worried. Either that or she's become very good at hiding her emotions. I'm reminded again about how stupid I was for ever letting her go. About thirty minutes later, Judy joins us. 

"Is it okay if I sit with you?" she asks meekly.

"Of course. Would you like something to drink?" Tiffany asks.

"Some wine would be nice."

"I'll be right back." Tiffany goes inside to get Judy's drink.

"You have an amazing girl there, you know that?"

"I do. Are you feeling better?"

"A little. This is not how I pictured this going down."

"How did you picture this?"

"Well, to be honest, I imagined that we'd be naked, laying in your bed together, sweaty and out of breath."

"I'd keep that to yourself."

"Oh, Tiffany already knows. She's not stupid. I'm pretty sure she would have thought the same thing if she was in my place."

Tiffany comes out with another beer for me, a bottle of wine and two glasses. After she pours the wine, she takes the seat next to me and takes hold of my hand. Judy looks at our hands and smiles sadly.

Tiffany and Judy do most of the talking and I get the sense that there is more going on than what I am hearing. They seem to be getting to know one another, but their questions and answers seem to have more meaning than just the words being said. Before I realize it, the sun is down and it's gotten dark out.

"I need to get some sleep because I have to work tomorrow," Tiffany says. 

"I'm going to head to bed too," Judy says as well.

"I'll be right in. I need to lock up and take care of Pup." I kiss Tiffany and then go in search of him. 

"Do you need some help?" Judy asks.

"No, he's probably down near the water. I'll be up in a few minutes." I head down to the lake and find Pup sleeping in a nest he's made for himself. "Come on Pup. Time for bed."

I turn to walk back to the house and almost bump into Judy. 

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to startle you."

"That's okay." We walk back to the house with Pup walking beside Judy. She is mindlessly scratching his ear as we walk.

"I've missed him. So has Maggie."

"He was pretty sad after you left."

"What about you?"

"Sad, mad, angry. It all depends on the day."

"Did you continue to sleep with Tina?"

"Yeah, for a couple of months. Then one night, we were having an amazing time together and she suddenly got up and left. But not till after she told me I should start dating Brandy. I had never been so pissed. It was just before the holidays."

"That's a bit strange."

"Yeah. A little."

"Did you?"

"No. I had come home to see my family and that when Tiffany and I got back together."

"You must really love her."

"I do."

"You never loved me like that," she says, barely above a whisper.

"No, but we had something different. I did love you though."

"Past tense."

"Don't read into things. I spent a lot of time wondering what I could have done differently. I still care about you and hate how much you must be hurting."

"Don't say that too loud. I don't need Tiffany coming after me."

"She knows how I feel. I don't hide anything from her."

"I'll be gone tomorrow, so you can go back to normal." She walks into the house and towards her room. I can't help but stare at her. She shuts the door without looking back at me.

I walk slowly into the bedroom and hear the shower. I walk into the bathroom, remove my clothes and join Tiffany in the shower. As she turns to face me, I grab her and pull her tight against me, kissing her hard on the lips. There is no question in her return kiss as she hugs me tightly. Her breath is hot as she quickly kisses down my body until she is kneeling in front of me, my hard cock aimed right at her face. 

Tiffany attacks my cock as if she needs it for survival, but after only a few seconds, I pull her back to her feet and kiss her again. She seems surprised by my action but doesn't complain as I push her to the bench along the wall. We designed the shower because we love showering together and I plan on making the most of the design.

Tiffany sits down and I kneel down in front of her, spread her legs and attack her pussy. She leans back and pushes her pussy against my face as my fingers and tongue increase her level of arousal. Soon she is moaning in pleasure as I expertly bring her to a huge climax. Her voice echoes off the stone walls and she bucks her hips against my face.

Once she calms down, she stands up, turns around and bends over, shoving her ass towards me. I waste no time entering her and her smile tells me it is exactly what she wants. I grab her hips as I begin to fuck her hard, eliciting more moans from her. 

"Oh fuck, Tiff. You're pussy is on fire," I tell her between grunts.

She smiles, reaches between her legs and squeezes my balls. "Come on lover, give it to me. I want your seed to flow into me." She brings me closer to orgasm by clenching her vaginal muscles. The pressure on both my balls and cock pushes me over the edge and I shoot a huge load of cum into her. My head goes back and I look up at the ceiling and howl my pleasure as I explode.

Finally drained, I slowly pull out of her and step back. Her pussy is gaping open and I watch as my cum slowly runs down her leg just before she stands and faces me. 

Her lips crush mine in a passionate kiss as we stand under the warm water of the shower. I hold her tight. 

After our shower we lay in bed together. "She's pretty damn hot," Tiffany says.

"Yeah. You're way hotter though."

"I wasn't looking for a compliment."

"I know. Just stating facts."

Her head is on my shoulder and her leg is over my hips. I can still feel the heat from her pussy radiating against my side.

"If you want to fuck her, just let me know. Maybe I can set something up."

"Would you join us? I'm pretty sure she'd be interested."

Tiffany lifts her head to look at me. "That could be fun. Want me to go get her?"

I take Tiffany's face and pull her in for a kiss. "No. As fun as it sounds, I don't think it would be a good idea."

She looks into my eyes for a long time. "You really don't want to have sex with the two of us?"

"That's not what I'm saying. I would love to, but it is not going to happen. There is only one person that is allowed to share our bed with us."

"Who? Brandy?"

"No. Christy."

Tiffany pulls away from me. "Christy? Why only her?"

"Because you love her."

"What does that have to do with anything?"

"Brandy and Judy both threaten you, even if you won't admit it. They are girls that have feelings for me, not you. I just don't think it is a good idea for Judy to join us."

"You still have feelings for her."

"Yes, but that isn't why."

Tiffany is about to protest when I kiss her. She starts to speak again, but I kiss her again. She pulls away from me. "Are you afraid that you won't be able to control yourself with her?"

"No. I love you and no one else is going to get between us. I would love nothing better than to have sex with Judy one more time, but it is not going to happen."

She looks completely confused. "I'm not worried about losing you to her. Not even a little. She might be the most gorgeous girl I've ever met. I enjoy being with girls and it has nothing to do with trying to show you I'm the best. I already know I am and you remind me of that every day. You're my one love and not Judy or Brandy or Christy will ever change that. But, as I've said before, I enjoy sex with woman. Now, if you want her to join us in bed, just say the word and I'll drag her up here by her hair."
