 The story so far:

I had recently divorced and moved into my own apartment. Sarah, the girl next door had awoken my sexual appetite by having sex in the pool, and her willingness to be very open about being a cam girl. After the performance between Sarah and I in front of Lisa (one of Sarah's regular viewers), I head for the shower in Sarah's apartment.

———————————————————

As I walked to the shower, I couldn't believe my luck. Not only had Sarah made me cum all over her tits in front of a complete stranger, we had sex earlier in the day in the pool. Sarah was amazing, and here I was walking naked in her apartment without a care in the world.

I turned on the shower and hopped in. The shower felt great over my body. As I reflected on what had happened to me today, I was lost in my own thoughts.

I had been in the shower for only a few minutes, "Hey, hows the shower?" she said as she walked into the bathroom.

"Really great after the time we just had. You should join me". I replied as I moved to let Sarah join me in the shower.

A woman let a screech of surprise. I immediately opened the shower door to find a brunette standing there in the bathroom in a black mini dress.

"Who the hell are you? Where's Sarah?" The brunette shouted.

Sarah came ran into the bathroom, completely naked. Her cheeks were red, and so were her pussy lips. I guess Sarah's way of saying goodbye to Lisa is to provide a private show with just the two of them.

"Ahh, Bec. You're home early. Umm, this is Andy, he moved in next door." Sarah said as she grabbed the towel and wrapped it around her.

Bec looked at Sarah in her state of undress, then back at me. I watched her eyes went to looking directly at me, and then down my body. Her eyes widened when she saw my cock, which was semi erect.

Without taking her eyes off me "Why is he here?" Bec's tone was less aggressive, and more relaxed. I guess she liked what she saw.

"Ahhh." Sarah said as she tried to think of a reason. "His shower doesn't work, so he asked if he could use ours. I figured you wouldn't be home for ages. What are you doing home so early?"

Bec looked back up my body "Pay dispute at work. The boss sent us home for the day. I wasn't expecting to see this. Does this happen often?"

I figured Bec has seen all of me, so I don't bother to cover up, and by now my cock is standing straight out at her.

"Just today." I tell Bec. I figured I'll play along with Sarah's story "I got in my shower, and the shower heads blows off. I had meet Sarah down at the pool earlier today, and I figured since you're next door, I asked Sarah if I could use your shower."

"Well. It's nice to meet you Andy." Bec said as she raised her hand to shake mine. I guess it was her habit to shake someone's hand when greeting them, because she realized what she was doing and I was completely naked. In her confusion to shake my hand or not, her hand bumped into my cock, making it bounce and become harder. I was amused and started laughing, and so did Sarah.

"Sorry." was all Bec could say as she looked down at my hardening cock.

I looked over at Sarah, she was trying not laugh anymore. Bec was wearing a nice black dress that came down half way between her hips and knees; which showed off her beautiful smooth legs which went disappeared under her dress. Thin straps kept her dress hanging on her shoulders. The neck line was quite low and her cleavage was very noticeable. Her tits are much bigger than Sarah's, as was her body, but only by a little bit. I guessed Bec is a 12DD, maybe even an E cup. While Bec was a little taller than Sarah, Sarah looked to be the older of the two.

"So how's Matt?" Sarah asked Bec.

"Who?" Bec replied absent minded, not taking her eyes off my cock.

"Your boyfriend Matt. The one you've been seeing for a few years." Sarah said as she tried to get Bec's attention.

Bec realized she was staring at my hard cock, "Oh he's good. He's working in the mines, so he'll be away for a few more days."

Taking the opportunity, Bec reached out again, but not to shake my hand, but gently place her hand on the head of my rock hard cock. I was a little shocked, but her fingers were soft and knew they way around a stiff member. I looked over at Sarah to see if she was ok with it. Sarah was biting her lower lip and didn't make eye contact, she was too busy looking at what Bec's hand was doing. Sarah's finger tips caressing the top of her breasts which were showing above her towel. I guess she was enjoying the view.

Bec continued to slowly work her hand down my cock. I wanted nothing more than to keep going, but I knew the sting of betrayal, and so I stepped back into the shower.

"I'm sorry Bec. You're absolutely beautiful and I'd like to keep going, but I've been burnt by someone cheating, so I won't do that to someone else." I stammered.

Bec leant into me and kissed me gently on the lips, and then whispered in my ear "Matt has cheated on me in the past, this payback."

Bec turned around to Sarah, grabbed the back of her head and started to kiss Sarah passionately on the lips. I could tell Sarah had kissed Bec before, as she wrapped her arms around Bec's waist, holding her tightly.

It had been some time since I saw two girls kissing in front of me, my cock became rock hard at the sight, and I slowly jerked it with my hand.

Sarah broke off the kiss and whispered in Bec's ear. I couldn't tell what she had said, however Bec turned to me, removed my hand from throbbing cock and replaced it with hers, and she lead me into Sarah's room.

Sarah jumped in the bed and started typing on the keyboard. Bec lead me to the chair at Sarah's desk, handed me the box of tissues and with a wink she said "I hope you enjoy the show."

Bec joined Sarah on the bed and kissed her on the lips. They were both on their knees and looked at the screen, and giggled when the chat had already gone from public to private.

Sarah looked over at me and gave me that sexy smile to tell me she's going to be up to no good.

The girls started kissing again, slowly and passionately. Bec pulled at the towel that was covering Sarah, it all came loose, and feel onto the bed. Bec picked it up and threw the towel at me.

Sarah again was naked. Her tits were firm and the nipples hard and pointed towards Bec. Front my angle, I could see that Sarah's pussy lips were puffy and pink.

As Sarah and Bec continued to kiss. I couldn't help but stroke my cock again at the sight of these two gorgeous girls.

Sarah's hands felt around Bec's body, over her hips, and around to her arse. Her hands continued to the hem of Bec's dress and started to pull it up, slowly. The dress had gone up just a little bit and I could tell that Bec was wearing a black g-string. Her arse cheeks look so firm and well proportion to her body. As the dress made its way past her breasts, Bec was wearing a matching black bra. How I loved a girl in matching lingerie.

Bec's tits were more amazing than I anticipated. They were large and filled her bra perfectly. The shape of her bra allowed me to see her cleavage all the way front the top to the underside of her tits.

Bec stopped kissed Sarah just long enough for the dress to be pulled past her head. Sarah then threw the dress, making a pile on the ground in front of me.

As Bec kissed heavily on Sarah's neck, one of Sarah's hands was on the back of Bec's head, the other was between Bec's legs, rubbing her clit in a circular motion. Bec was definitely getting aroused, as she pressed her pussy into Sarah's hand. Sarah then took the plunge and moved her hand up and over Bec's g-string so that she could feel Bec's bare pussy lips. Bec let out a long soft moan.

As Sarah kissed the top of Bec's tits, she could tell that Bec was close to cumming, and inserted a finger into Bec's wet pussy and started to work faster and harder. Bec was lost in the moment and arched back onto the bed, holding herself up with her hands behind her, bouncing her hips up and down on Sarah's hand.

Sarah continued to push her fingers in and out of Bec's dripping pussy, and it wasn't long til Bec was moaning loudly as she came. I couldn't hold it any longer as I grabbed a few tissues from the box, and came with her.

Sarah slowly eased her finger out of Bec, looked at the camera, then over at me, and put her finger in her mouth and sucked and licked all Bec's juices off it.

The chat went from private back to public. Obviously the person had liked what they saw, and had orgasmed as well.

Bec had collapsed onto the bed with exhaustion and was breathing heavily. I looked at Sarah, and through my heavy breathing, I said "That was incredible. But I think its now your turn."

I didn't care about the webcam, and made my way over to Sarah. She was still on her knees on the bed, and we kissed passionatly. I pushed her back onto the bed next to Bec, and continued to kiss Sarah.

I wanted to satisfy Sarah, she had already made me cum three times today. I kissed around her neck, working my way to her her tits. I took her left nipple into my mouth, while my hand pinched at her left nipple. 

I work my way down her stomach, around her belly button, and already I could scense where she wanted me. Sarah opened up her legs and spread her pussy apart with her fingers.

Her pussy was waxed and completely smooth. I didn't waste any time and licked all the way from the bottom to the top. She tasted so good. I worked my tongue on her clit, and her free hand she held the back of my head and held me against her pussy.

I looked up to see if she was liking what I was doing to her, and her eyes were closed, and Bec laying next to her and was sucking on her right nipple while her hand was on Sarah's left breast.

She was close to cumming. I opened my mouth and sucked on her clit, and worked it with my tongue. It sent shivers through her body as she orgasmed.

"I'm coming. Oh yes, I'm coming. Ohhh!" Sarah cried out.

Her legs closed tight around my head and her whole body tightened as she came.

After her orgasmed subsided, her body felt so relaxed. I looked up at her, her eyes were still closed, and she was catching her breath.

Bec looked at me and said "I think you eat pussy better than I do."

All three of us lay on the bed. Sarah was the only one making a sound as she caught her breath.

To be continued...