 When Kiran Bhabi found out that I often wrote sex stories, she hardly leaves me alone. I am almost 28, a sale executive working with a multi-national company and Kiran Bhabi is my elder sister-n-law, a 35 year dame, now living with us, quite a doll and a mother of two, 7 & 4 year old children. My elder brother, her spouse, is an Army officer and in Nairobi on deputation for the last one year. She has been teaching in a Montessori school. Never before or since have had I seen another female body like Kiran Bhabi's -- not in the flesh? From her short dark brown hair with its steady brown, pouting full lips, pointed nose and sensuous overbite, perfectly manicured hands, to her pretty long nail polished feet; Kiran Bhabi was the well-stacked, broad, curvaceous stuff of little boys' fantasies. Hell, grown men's fantasies, too. Five-seven and a hundred-forty five pounds packed full, round and tight, with softness about her, like a layer of wondrous padding that I find impossible to describe. Her vital statistics are 38-27-38.She really has pulling power and She is a buxom beauty to my views.

A few weeks ago, I answered the door to find Kiran Bhabi, wearing jeans and a low cut T-shirt, exposing her breast decently.

"Hi, Sunny," she said. She would call me 'Sunny' as a pet name. "Got a few minutes to talk?" I asked her in and no sooner had I shut the door then she said bashfully, "Can I ask you something?"

"Why not but about what?" I asked anxiously.

"Is it true you write fuck stories?" I'd heard Kiran Bhabi say 'fuck' before, but always as part of a joke. But this time it was different. 

"Who told you that?" I asked. Writing erotic stories, whether you call it smut, porn or 'fuck stories,' it isn't something you announce to the general public, I just write for my satisfaction and as my past time hobby. My close friends knew. No one thinks it's wrong or "bad." It's good activity and I don't write degrading crap. But I certainly don't tell everyone I meet or know that I write erotica. My parents do not know. I did not think Kiran Bhabi did. 

"Never mind how I found out," she answered. "But if it's true, I think it's pretty neat. Well"? I felt a twinge of embarrassment but I couldn't lie.

"Yes, it's true, But I don't call them 'fuck stories". Kiran Bhabi's face lit up. I suddenly became aware that my nubile big sister-n-law was braless as her nipples poked the thin material of her T-shirt. 

"I would like to read some, Sunny." She said sparklingly.

What could I do or say?? I led her to my study room, showed her where my file copies of sex stories were, then I left the room. Embarrassed, I guess. I went to the kitchen, grabbed a glass of cold water, and gulped it down while thinking that the goddess of sex is kind to him. I have to admit that I had felt some sexual attraction to Kiran Bhabi always. Whenever I wrote about a girl having great Tits, it was my Sis-n-law's face I had in mind. Her young body, her youthful eagerness, her intelligence, all had inspired and influenced me. And now she was actually reading the material I had written. 

I grabbed another glass of water, and went to my study to find Bhabi avidly reading the sex stories. From the look on her face it was obvious she was enjoying what she was reading. She was breathing rapidly, sweat shone on her upper lip, and her nostrils seemed to flare, all the signs of a woman in heat, even a Sister. She saw or heard me and said, "I love to read about people fucking almost as much as I love to fuck. Surprised?"

How could I be? I mean, she was smart, witty, attractive and old enough. I felt a twinge at the thought of my own Sister-n-law getting dicked by some pimply teenager (her student). Jealousy, I guess. I also felt a twinge in my loins as I warmed to the subject with my big Sis. 

"I have been reading this kind of stuff like, MY SECRET GARDEN, FORBIDDEN FLOWER, ETC., since my college days, but your stories are hot enough to melt the most frigid, warm enough to rejuvenate a corps and as one turn the pages, feel the fire." She said excitedly.

"Does it embarrass you that I'm talking about fucking, Sunny?" She asked with widening her beautiful eyes.

"Well, not embarrassed, I'm just not used to it," I answered. 

"Not used to fucking?" She asked astonishingly.

"Oh, you know what I mean, I'm not used to talking about it with my elder sister-n-law." I said.

She was enjoying this conversation immensely.

"Come on, don't be shy, I wanna be your best friend." 

"Don't you get horny when you write this stuff? God, I know you sure would. I'm getting wet by just reading. 

Ooh, this is really hot. "Kiran Bhabi started reading part of a story I had written. "'My cock had never felt as hard as it did in Zara's mouth. Her tongue flicked the underside of my meat and her lips seemed to caress and stroke my shaft. "'"Fuck my tits," Zara pleaded as she took her mouth off and held her big jugs together. Trouble was, I wanted to eat her pussy first. After all, eating her pussy was what I'd dreamed of doing for years.

"Damn, Sunny, I love this stuff!" Hearing Kiran Bhabi reading that passage had excited me as well. And there was very little I could do to hide my excitement, since a bulging cock is difficult to hide in night suit. Kiran Bhabi immediately noticed and then she blushed.

"I guess you do get horny, Sunny," she grinned, standing up as she stared at the front of my pajamas.

She came to me threw her arms around my neck and started to kiss me passionately, while pressing her body into mine. After a couple of minutes she drew back a little and looked again at my bulging Cock.

"Was it my reading that did that, Sunny? Or it sure could be my tits 'cause I do think mine are big enough to fuck. See?" Kiran Bhabi lifted her T-shirt and showed me her pert and huge breasts, the nipples dark brown and rigid. My personal preference is for large tits always. I felt my cock grow another inch as I looked at my Bhabi's mouth-watering TITS. 

"Kiran Bhabi, you have great tits," I said. She beamed. "Most guys like big tits," she said and spurred her breasts. "A girl with big breasts always becomes attracted."

I said. "Yours are gorgeous and swanky, Can I touch them?" 

"Yes, I want you to suck them now, Sunny," she said breathily.

I couldn't have resisted if I'd wanted to, Bhabi or not. And, believe me, I wanted to suck those nubbins. So I lowered my head to her left mound and stuck out my tongue. I circled the perky nipple then popped the rigid nub between my lips. Kiran Bhabi gasped and her arms went around me, holding me as I sucked and chewed, first one, then the other, hot mound of flesh. 

"Oh, Sunny, that feels so good!" Kiran Bhabi's body wiggled as she tried to push more of her titty-flesh into my mouth. I think she must have had a mini-orgasm from the way she jerked around and gasped. 

Then she asked me if I ever eat a pussy.

I told her I did.

"Your brother has never licked me." She said complainingly.

"It's strange," I said. 

"Would you...will you...eat my pussy?" I picked her up and carried her to my bedroom and laid her on the bed. I pulled off her sleepers while she removed her T-shirt. I reached for her jeans, the button and the zipper but stopped. "Kiran Bhabi, are you sure you want this?" 

"Yes, please." "You won't hate me for it, will you? 

"Off course not but this is incest, you know." I informed her.

"Oh, Sunny, you don't know how desperately I've dreamed of having sex with you since your brother has gone to Nairobi". She added, "I was double minded before this revelation, but not after coming into my knowledge that you write sex stories, my handsome, smart Brother. Please. Do it to me, Lovvvvve meeee." 

I unsnapped and unzipped her jeans, gripped the waistband of her jeans and panties and slid them down her legs and off her beautiful long nail polished feet. Her downy black pubic triangle contrasted with the pale flesh of her belly. I gently spread her legs and put a pillow under her ass to give me the best access to her pussy. 

And what a beautiful pussy my Bhabi had! The fragrance of her secretions made me even more eager to feast. She used her sexy fingers to part her slick folds and exposed the wet crimson of her cunt. Her clit was stiff and the largest I'd ever see on a woman. It was as big as the end of my pinky finger, almost like a miniature cock. No wonder she seemed to get so excited. With a clit like that, it's a wonder she wasn't horny 24 hours a day! But I've since found out that she does stay excited 24 hours a day! 

"I hope my pussy is not stinking, whenever I go to the toilet, I wash my pussy with a special liquid because I'm extra careful about my pussy." She explained, as pushed her pussy lips apart with her sexy long nailed fingers.

I let the flat of my tongue lick her slit from asshole to clit. Kiran Bhabi shuddered, her legs locked around my head and she chanted, 

"Yes, yesss, oh yeessssss." Kiran Bhabi tasted tangy sweet and more of that love liquid oozed from her hole and onto my tongue. My nose kept rubbing against her clit so I stuck a finger into her cunt and took that clit of hers between my teeth. Needless to say, my Bhabi went crazy. 

"Oh, God, oh...oh!" She wailed and she bucked and thrashed at the mercy of my finger and tongue. I eased my finger out of her pussy, and sent my tongue into her cunt to quench my thirst for her nectar.

In all honesty it wasn't doing anything for me, but Kiran Bhabi was fit to be tied. She began moaning and jerking awfully and when I tried to pull back, she wrapped her thighs around my head preventing any escape.

Kiran Bhabi's heels pounded my back and she went wild as she came. Fortunately my parents were not at home, because the screams of ecstasy were loud enough to arouse them in their room. As it was, I'm glad her children asleep and our servants were in their quarters because Kiran Bhabi was loud when she came. After a few minutes I stopped and she caught her breath. 

"It's never been like that," she said. "Whew! I think you've spoiled me." She put her hand on the bulging wet spot on my pajamas.

"What can I do to repay you, Sunny?" Kiran Bhabi tugged my pajamas down and my 7-incher sprang out, strands of pre-cum strung between the tip and my matted pubic hair. Her eyes got as big as saucers and she gripped my COCK in both hands.

"Ugh, this thing'll split me if...." 

"Don't worry, Bhabi," I said. "We don't have to fuck." 

"Oh, but I do want to fuck and I'm dying to have a cock since your brother left," Kiran Bhabi assured me. "It's just that this is so damn big!" 

In many cases where passion has built up over a long period of time, I've found sex to be a hurried thing; grasping, groaning. With Kiran Bhabi it was lovemaking.

We kissed for what seemed like hours. Her lips were so sweet, her tongue so agile. I felt certain I would come without her touching me there. 

We took our time when we first fucked. She wanted me to fuck her without a condom because 

"I want to feel you shoot off inside me". She told me.

I told her I just wanted to be cautious because of babies but she said, " I'm on the pill from the day I decided to love you and you don't have to worry about me getting pregnant." 

I was caressing her large breasts. Her nipples were hard buttons under my fingers. As I gently pinched each one, she sighed into my open mouth. I was enthralled by her breasts, I continued to play with her nipples as we passionately kissed. I then broke our kiss to take one nipple in my mouth as my hands began to kneed her large ass cheeks.

After a very short time at this, she began to whimper and shake. As I nibbled on her nipple, she cried out and came! Since her legs would no longer support her, we laid down on the bed. She rested there for a bit as we kissed slowly, then sat up and pinched her hard nipples with her long polished sexy nails.

Yes, she was large, and to me, with the passion and love in her eyes, she appeared to me as goddess of sex.

She then started kissing me everywhere. When she got to my cock I warned her that I couldn't last long. She gave it one loving lick with her tongue and kissed the head of my dick.

Kissing her and feeling her hot, soft body next to mine brought me back to hardness quickly.

"Sunny, please! I want your cock in me, please."

"I always thought I had the sexiest BHABI around, now I am going to fuck that sexy body of yours. I have always dreamed about it". I told her.

"But I want to fuck your TITS first?" I asked. 

She looked into my eye very seductively, lied down on her back and I sat on her rib cage with my hard penis pointing between her gigantic breasts. I took her long nail polished, sexy hands in mine and laid them on the outside edges of her breasts and forces them together, pressing her breasts around my aroused dick. I began hunching my cock between her breasts. I was fucking my own Bhabi's tits! She was wet with perspiration and my organ slid very well between her soft mounds. I moved my hands and Her hands were pressing her breasts around my cock. My left hand reached behind me and found her pussy again. I slid my finger in again.

"Oooohhhhhhh......."

I stopped hunching and said to her. "Now......massage my dick with your tits."

She moved her breasts around with her hands, massaging my swollen cock.

"Oh, yes ........... that feels good!" I said.

I reached behind and again played with her pussy as I rode her chest. I noticed that her hips were again moving up and down with my fingers.

I rolled Kiran Bhabi onto her back completely and slip between Kiran Bhabi's widely spread legs. 

My tongue slipped into her mouth and her hand found my cock and pumped it enthusiastically.

She took my cock in her sexy fingers and rubbed it all around on her pussy.

Gazing into my eyes, Kiran Bhabi placed the head of my hard dick at her hot opening and murmured, "Sunny, I have wanted you to fuck me since I saw you the first time."

As I found her opening, Kiran Bhabi raised her knees high and humped her pubic mound up against my cock. The whole head was engulfed in hot wetness and I paused in the sheer pleasure of the moment. Kiran Bhabi opened her eyes and looked up at me.

In almost a strangled voice, she said, "Please, Bhai, please. I can't stand any more waiting."

I pushed my hips forward and my cock slowly began to sink into Kiran Bhabi's hot channel. I was expecting my sister to wince in pain, but she only frowned a little as my cockhead gently pushed aside the constriction of her cunt. Soon, we were completely merged. I was flesh of her flesh and she was flesh of my flesh.

Kiran Bhabi's frown lines disappeared and she released her held breath with a loud, "Ahhhhhh.............OOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHH ................GOD!!!!".

She reached behind my head and pulled my lips down to hers. Holding our bodies perfectly still, we kissed a long, deep kiss. As we broke away, she whispered, "Oh, Bhai, we're finally there. You don't know how many times I've dreamed of this. It's so good. Your cock is so much better than the dream. Now, make love to me. Love me hard, and if it's a dream, I hope I never wake up."

I slowly withdrew my cock from Bhabi's inner recesses, stopping when only the tip of the head was in place. I lunged forward, driving my cock home with one long, swift movement. I groaned aloud from the wave of pleasure that swept over me.

Kiran Bhabi said, "Yes! Yes! Oh, it's so good!" 

She pushed her hips up against mine and our bodies were pulled into full hot contact. She lifted her legs up and wrapped them around my waist and her arms reached around my neck and held me tight. Once again I retreated and attacked, and once again she matched my motions. Soon we were rocking back and forward against each other. I was moaning and so was she. I was nearing my peak, and I could tell she was close to hers.

Suddenly, Kiran Bhabi clutched me even harder. Her hips moved in a feverish motion and the walls of her pussy grasped against my seesawing cock. Kiran Bhabi threw her head back and wailed, "Oh, God, I'm there! I'm coming, I'm cominnnngggg.....!

"OH .... OH .... OH GOD ..... OH ..... OH YES ..... DO IT .... OH ...... FUCK ME ........ OH .......... FUCK ME ..... ....OH SUNNY ......... OH .......... YES ........

My hands found her sore breasts and squeezed them hard.

"Oh Sunny ......... I love you...... I missed you ....... Please forgive .........Me ......... Oh ............ oH...... Ram it .......... In me ............. Yes ............ ram me ......."

Then it hit me. I hit the crest and then went into a freefall that seeming like it would never end. My vision blurred and waves and waves of almost unbearable pleasure flowed outward from my groin to all parts of my body. Spurt after spurt after spurt jetted into my sister, filling up and overflowing Bhabi's spasming pussy. We were both trembling and shuddering, our breaths coming in gasps. Gradually, our motions slowed, and then we were still, making soft "Ohhhh" sounds.

We both opened our eyes and looked into each other's face. Our lips drew together and we kissed a long, tender kiss that sealed our love forever. No word needed to be spoken. We both knew that there could be no other for either of us.

We both relax as I withdrew my cock and rolled over on to the bed beside her.

"Good Brother, you were great! I guess you just don't think of your own Bhabi being so good in bed."

Bhabi was naked lying next to me, panting. I reached over and cupped her very sore breast in my hand.

"Bhabi, how do you feel?"

"Very sore. That was unbelievable."

"Yea, I know. I really went off watching you reading fuck stories." I replied.

"Oh, Sunny, please hold me in your arms."

I rolled over on top of her and pressed my semi hard cock on her sore cunt. Very slowly, I pushed up and down.

"I hope this new relationship with my brother in law continues." She said seductively. At this moment, I felt closer to her than I ever had.