 [You my wonderful readers asked for this - so here it is, as requested, Part 2 to Sister Mary Learns A Lesson. Enjoy!] 

*

After their first encounter together, for weeks Sister Mary avoided Jeremy as much as she could. The guilt about what she'd allowed him to do to her seemed to be eating her alive and kept her awake at night... even as she found respite in the shower or a bathroom stall, masturbating as she relived the sensual delights the boy had introduced her to privately and only within her own mind. 

For Jeremy's part, surprisingly, he hadn't pressed her for more sex -- at least not outright. His behavior in her class had greatly improved overall, though he still sat in the front row of her class and instead of calling the attention of his classmates to himself with his usual shenanigans, he'd gone a different route. He now sat throughout her entire class session quietly, but giving her a mischievous, knowing smirk or sometimes covertly licking his lips and making sure she noticed. Other times he would shift in his chair so that as she walked by during her lessons, she could see the bulge of his erection straining hard against the front of his pants... 

She had no idea how he could be so sneaky, stealthy and nonchalant in such blatant, sinful and open invitation. To say the least, Jeremy had become a huge distraction. Often she'd be so hot and bothered that she all but ran to the faculty restroom at the end of the same hall her classroom was located in to go relieve herself after each class session Jeremy attended. Yet Sister Mary had been sure not to get caught alone in the classroom with him again until she could sort out her feelings on the matter and figure out what she wanted to do next...

She'd just gone into the stall at the far end of the restroom and had pushed the middle of her white cotton brief panties aside to start languishing attention on her clit when she heard the outer door of the restroom open. At first she froze, afraid and feeling guilty that she'd get caught. Then she shrugged and continued with her self-pleasure not really thinking anything more of it because she was being quiet as she heard the stall next to hers being closed then locked. She was also in a locked stall of the teachers' restroom, so she'd be fine. It was just another faculty or staff member coming to pee or something. She was probably just being too paranoid because of her guilty conscience. 

As she moved her fingers now slick with her body's natural lubricant over her pleasure nub, she began to fantasize about getting caught with Jeremy doing her. It made her even more excited, not to mention worsened that sense of sick dread and twisting guilt rumbling through the pit of her stomach, as she thought about it. Would she like being watched while she had sex? Would the person acting as voyeur like watching her get it on? Would the third party want to participate? What would it be like to be so carnally stimulated by two lovers at once as they both ravished her body?

Mary continued rubbing her clit, more and more quickly. She'd closed her eyes and threw her back against the side wall of the stall to help brace her. As she became increasingly aroused, she realized she didn't hear any tinkling going on beside her and she suddenly had the feeling that someone was watching her. Alarmed, she opened her eyes and found herself looking up into Jeremy's handsome, young face. He was greedily drinking in the sight of her touching herself as he stood on the toilet and looked down at her from over the divider of the next stall over. "Don't let me stop you. Please continue," he murmured in a sexy, husky voice when her hand stilled. 

Though Sister Mary's first instinct was to kick the boy out before they were both found out, she couldn't help but allow the delicious naughtiness still lingering from her vivid fantasies to guide her. She brought her fingers to her lips and licked and sucked her juicy fingers gently, teasingly, eliciting an "oooh" from Jeremy before she put them back on her clit.

Enjoying the idea of having such an eager, excited, encouraging audience, she became even more emboldened and pushed the middle finger of her other hand inside of her tight channel. Even more desire flamed in Jeremy's Sapphire blue eyes in the dimly lit restroom, but she could see and feel it almost as though it were a tangible force nonetheless. She knew that same smoldering fire must be contained in her own dark chocolate brown eyes in equal amounts too.

Jeremy continued to watch until almost from the sheer intensity of his lust-filled, hungry gaze, Mary began to convulse in orgasm. He kept his eyes locked on hers until she quieted. Then he seamlessly and smoothly climbed over the stall wall separating the two of them, as though he scaled restroom dividers every day. He landed softly on his feet and Mary found herself all but flinging herself into the boy's arms before she pawed her fingers through their combined clothing until she found his fly and undid it.

As she'd expected, he was rock hard and ready to go as she fondled his erection inside of his boxers. As he rubbed her back and licked the rim of her ear he whispered "I wondered where you'd been in such a hurry to get to after class these last few weeks. You know, I would have gladly come and helped you sooner if I knew you had such a thing for doing it in restrooms." Mary tried to suppress her smile and subsequent shiver of delight -- neither of which she was actually able to do successfully.

This time Jeremy was a lot more prepared as he swiftly slid a condom from his pocket and sheathed himself before he pushed Mary's conservative undies to the side a little more. He braced his other hand above her head on the stall wall and guided himself into her wet, willing and waiting carnal embrace. He gripped her hip and pulled her leg up and over his hip. He kept his other hand positioned against the wall before he moved into her slowly at first as they both savored the contact. It had only been about three weeks since Sister Mary had lost her virginity, but truth be told, she'd been fiending for this intimacy like a drug addict ever since.

The sensations coursing through her combined with the masterful stroking Jeremy was using on her sensitive core, not to mention the various forbidden elements of their current interlude, pushed Sister Mary over the edge again within a matter of just a few minutes. As she bit down hard on his shoulder to keep from crying out while he continued to thrust into her through her orgasm, she imagined a stranger watching this interlude. The sheer excitement of them getting caught seemed to push them both higher and Jeremy barely stifled a groan, thoroughly enjoying the combination of pleasure and pain from their physical connections. Then he lifted her other leg and she instinctively wrapped both of her legs around his waist.

Jeremy turned to get them a little more room in the small restroom space and leveraging the increased freedom of movement, he gripped both of her hips and really pounded into her. He used her body to help him slide her on and off his dick as he moved in and out of her. Mary held on for dear life, gripping her arms around his strong muscular neck and back, wishing his uniform clothes weren't in the way. 

Simultaneously, she mused silently that she couldn't believe this time was even better than the first time they'd been together. Was it the element of anticipation that had built up the excitement even more and made the ecstasy of release even sweeter now that they were together again after a brief delay?

Sister Mary didn't really have time to think on that further as the crescendo of fiery sensations was now coming to a fevered, frenzied finale. They both had their most explosively powerful orgasms jointly this time and stayed in the small stall panting for a few minutes afterwards. Jeremy continued to hold her and kiss her as they both came down from their sexual high and they simply basked in the afterglow, their two bodies still intimately connected. 

However, they both sighed as reality set back in and they realized that they both absolutely had to get going before someone came in and caught them. There really wouldn't be a reasonable explanation of why a student was in this restroom and they both knew it.

Jeremy pulled out of her reluctantly and still semi erect before he removed the condom. He flushed the evidence and zipped up his pants. He gave Sister Mary a quick kiss on the forehead before he silently hightailed his ass out of there. He made sure the hallway was still clear at this end of the corridor before he went out, as he had when he'd come in. He cleaned up in the boys' restroom where he'd stashed his books before he made his way to his next class without anyone noticing anything out of the ordinary... In the meantime, Sister Mary cleaned herself up and made sure that the condom hadn't resurfaced in the toilet. 

She even flushed the toilet again just to be sure, even though there was no sign of the evidence anywhere. She then crawled under the door of the next stall and unlocked it from the inside too before checking herself over in the mirror one last time to ensure that she had put herself back together right. Then she rushed back to her classroom. The rest of the school day she felt as giddy as some of the school girls she taught. Now she was starting to understand what made a few of them so damn happy... 

Yet once again, as Sister Mary laid awake on her small, pious and uncomfortable cot in the convent across only a small night stand from an older, heavy set nun who snored, passed gas in her sleep and was her roommate, she felt guilty. That sick, guilt-ridden feeling was consuming her from the pit of her stomach, inside out, now more than ever. 

What the hell had she been thinking? If word of this scandal got out, not only would she personally be dismissed, but the school would be seen as compromised and her order of sisters would be scandalized as well. Not to mention that Jeremy was only a few weeks away from graduation, but could still be suspended or more likely expelled if the administration found out about anything going on between the two of them.

What had she become? Her father, God rest his soul, would spin around in his grave if he knew how she'd been behaving like a harlot this morning. Her mother, who was still living and more devoutly Catholic now than ever before in her life, would simply disown Mary. 

However, unlike previously when she thought of her too strict, overbearing, and possibly overly convicted parents, she did not feel like falling right in line and doing exactly everything they ever taught her to do. The very thought of her parents always trying to make her feel so repressed made her suddenly feel angry and defiant. She was an adult now and it was time for her to start making her own damn choices. Her parents couldn't continue to control her and guilt trip her until her death to live the kind of lifestyle that neither of them had ever even made themselves live. 

So were her parents hypocrites? Or had they simply been trying to protect her from making a bad relationship choice based only on sex or from other sex-related consequences? All these questions were really making her head hurt. Mary would have to figure out what she wanted to do the next day. As the blackness began to overtake her, she was able to tune out her parents and their negative impact on her life and even tune out the stinky, snoring old nag hag on the other side of the narrow room. 

Everything seemed to fade away from her mind as she finally began drifting off to sleep at 3:00 am, knowing she'd have to get back up in the next two hours for morning work, prayers and devotionals. Well almost everything faded from her mind, except Jeremy and how wicked and amazing he looked as he thrust into her while he was cumming. A sinful thought that made her smile, then sigh as she eventually succumbed to the darkness and drifted off to sleep.

The next morning after she'd completed her devotional duties, chores around the convent and had gotten her materials gathered to teach her classes today, Sister Mary was feeling terrible. She couldn't believe she'd had such heretic thoughts last night. Her parents loved her and had only ever done what they'd felt was best for her. 

Who was she to behave like a disobedient, sullen child defying her parents, God and even her employer to engage in an illicit affair with a young boy that made her blood boil at just the mere thought of him and his glorious cock...

What Sister Mary needed was to confess her sins and rededicate herself to her nun order. She couldn't allow the devil to distract her now with all kinds of temptations when she still had so much work to do within her life's calling. 

A woman on a mission, it was just after 6:00 am as Sister Mary headed over to the school's main chapel. She knew the new priest who'd arrived this school year and served as Chaplain would be there starting at 6:00 am. So she'd likely be the first person there and she'd still have time to make it back across campus for her first class at 7:30 am. She pulled open one of the church's heavy doors and strode inside the building. It suddenly struck her that the place seemed cold and lacking any of God's presence. Odd, especially considering it was supposed to be a place of worship...

Sister Mary steadied her nerves and stayed determined though as she stepped into the ornate, gothic style boxy confessional. It seemed like a vertical coffin to her suddenly and she began to feel uncharacteristically claustrophobic as she forced herself to take a seat. She wasn't sure what was really worse in this moment -- having an affair with a high school boy who also happened to be one of her students or having to remain inside this infernal box.

A small door slid open indicating that the priest was ready to begin hearing her confession. "Yes, my child?"

"Forgive me Father, for I have sinned."

"We are all sinners, but still worthy in the eyes of the Lord. Tell me of your sins so you may be forgiven."

"I..." Mary faltered, unsure exactly how she was going to say what she'd come to confess. When she again felt more composed and as if she could speak, she continued. "I have strayed from my God-chosen path, falling prey to worldly temptations that I should have known better than to indulge in and now I need to recommit to my purpose."

"Aww yes, I know of what you speak. You shall need to redeem yourself in order to continue on your path, however. Are you ready for that my child?"

"Yes Father, I am ready to do whatever is necessary in order to redeem myself before our Lord and Savior."

"Good, then go and say twenty hail Marys. God will hear your earnest intensions."

"Yes Father. Thank you," Sister Mary said quietly before she obeyed immediately, leaving the cramped confessional and going before the statue of Mary at the front of the church. Sister Mary knelt before the virgin and took her rosary from her pocket before beginning to pray as she'd been instructed. 

When she was finished, she quickly rose preparing to make the twenty minute trek back across the large campus and begin her classes for the day. She would speak to the Mother Superior later about reciting her vows and renewing her commitments again. Overall, maybe this wouldn't prove to be as hard as she'd originally thought... 

However, as she walked briskly passed a door she didn't previously notice had been opened, she felt her entire body abruptly be pulled into the unfamiliar hallway. Mary let out a little shriek of terror as she'd been caught off guard. A man with a broad, flat chest, muscular stomach and big, strong arms covered her mouth with his huge hand and pulled her roughly into a small office before closing and locking the door. 

"You know Sister Mary, you really should be more careful about your indiscretions," the man said raspily into her ear. He pressed his stiffening groin into her backside and kept his hand over her mouth while Mary's pulse raced as the terror of the situation overtook her. "I saw you, you know. I saw you with that boy, your student. His name's Jeremy, right?" Mary said nothing, she didn't even nod. Her worst fears were becoming realized in this instance and she felt numb and dumb as the man took his other hand and gruffly traced a path down her arm.

Somehow as the thick fog began to clear from her hazy, fear and panic stricken mind, Mary realized something important. She recognized this man's voice. As he removed his hand from her mouth, gripping her arm with his other hand and started to spin her around to face him, she whispered "Father?" Just then, the young man's face came into view. She'd been right; it was the priest she'd given her confession to earlier. He let her go and she backed away from him as much as she could, until she felt her back against the smooth, cool pane of a dirty little window in the low ceilinged room.

"Oh c'mon now Mary. Don't act so surprised. When you do anything out of the regular routine here, sooner or later someone's going to notice. It doesn't take a genius to realize that when a boy who was in your classroom during one period then doesn't show up to his very next class, absent without any good reason, that something might have happened. When you keep running to the faculty restroom, completely flushed in the face after every single subsequent class with that boy in it, again, most people could put two and two together if they were paying attention. Oh and I've been paying attention to you for a long time," he said as he advanced towards her then and she found herself fumbling, tripping over her own feet trying to back away from him. Which was totally irrational she realized as she was completely out of room to go anywhere.

Sister Mary had seen this look of sheer determination on a male's face before. On Jeremy's face in fact and very recently. However, she didn't believe she'd ever like what she'd be on the receiving end of if this man had his way with her. He continued speaking then as he came so close to her that she felt like his proximity was sucking all the oxygen right out of the entire teeny tiny office space and even out of her very lungs. 

"I've watched for my opportunity to get next to you. Near you... in you." He inhaled then as though he were sniffing her hair and she nearly wretched. She definitely did cringe as she realized that her damned self-preservation instincts completely sucked. Her parents had ensured that as long as she did everything she was supposed to do, that things like this wouldn't happen to her. She was beginning to think they'd been wrong. 

Then again, if she'd done what they would have had her to do with the whole Jeremy thing, maybe this wouldn't be happening now... "And now I've finally found my opening..." he said before trailing off and giving her the once over from her head to her feet several times with his too approving eyes.

"Blackmail?" she gaped in outrage.

"Call it what you want, but if you hadn't been in such a big hurry to go frig yourself yesterday, you might have noticed that I was in the faculty restroom too. If the boy pursuing you hadn't been in such a big hurry to fuck you, he might have noticed too, which could have saved you from this situation..." He seemed to consider his words again for a moment before continuing. "But then again, probably not. Nothing could save you from me. I've wanted you since the moment I first laid eyes on you." 

"What?" Mary asked incredulously. She really couldn't believe things had gotten so far out of control in her life and just in the last few weeks.

He kept going almost as if she hadn't spoken. "The two of you put on quite a show, especially given the small space you had to work with. I even stroked my hard-on with the image of my own cock ramming you like that."
