 After I read Katy's note, I rolled back over and drifted off in sleep again and didn't wake up until I heard the shower running in a bathroom just off the bedroom. Groggily, I got up, pulled my underwear on, and went to the door, thinking Katy might have returned and jumped in for a moment.

It wasn't her. By the time I realized that, I was standing inside the bathroom. The woman in the shower had long, dark hair and a slimmer figure than Katy. I recognized her from the party, but couldn't place the name.

She suddenly turned around, but didn't look startled. "Hey, tiger," the woman said. "My sister wouldn't shut up about you before she left for work. You gave her quite a treat last night."

Abby, I quickly recalled, was Katy's sister and very flirty at the party, if I remembered accurately through the buzz I had going. 

"Really? What did she say?" I asked. 

"Best. Ever. At. Eating. Pussy!" she said, clearly not bothered by the fact that she was showering in front of someone who she had just met the night before and that had just fucked her sister.

I smiled and said, "I'll take that ..."

As she shut off the water and emerged from the shower, Abby smiled as well. "I owe you one for that. My sister has been a raving bitch lately. She needed a good fuck, but I wasn't going to push her off on just anyone. She needed a good dick and he had to be someone nice, but willing to take her hard."

"I'll take that as a compliment," I said, handing her a towel and turning to step out the bathroom and give Abby her privacy. 

"You don't need to leave," she said. "Listen ... talking with Katy got me pretty fuckin' horny, so if you don't mind, I wanna find out if she was telling the truth," she said, dropping the towel to reveal her slim frame and a neatly trimmed dark bush. 

Abby walked over to me and said, "She got to you before I did, you know?"

"And since she's gone, I'm ready for my turn. This isn't about making love, this is about fucking."

You might think that since I fucked her sister the night before that I hesitated. 

Or maybe that I stopped to consider that fucking Abby would be a mistake.

Maybe you're thinking ... but I didn't. 

Nope. 

I just pulled her toward me and we kissed hungrily, tongues intertwined in our mouths, as my hands kneaded her firm ass cheeks. Abby broke the kiss to moan loudly and pulled me back to the bedroom, where she jumped up on the bed and laid back, practically begging me to eat her pussy.

But, I climbed up on the bed, pulled my underwear to my mid-thigh and pulled Abby's mouth onto my cock, where she took the hint quite nicely and feverishly sucked my rigid tool, as I kicked my underwear onto the floor next to the bed. 

"That's it," I told her. "Get that cock nice and hard and I'll show you exactly what you missed last night."

Katy was a gifted cocksucker, but Abby outdid her by squeezing my sack as she deepthroated my thickness. Her aggressive slurping mouth had me fully engorged in no time. She also stared into my eyes while she sucked my cock, giving me a little wink after I told her that she was just as amazing as her sister. 

Abby quickly worked the head of my raging cock, sucking in small circles as her tiny hand slowly worked the shaft and she softly ran her ruby red nails over my balls. I ran my fingers through her dark hair as her green eyes continued gazing into mine.

After a few more minutes of sucking, Abby pulled her slurping mouth from my cock and breathlessly stated, "Time to fuck me."

"Katy knew how to ask nicely," I chided.

"Please ..." she begged, with full, pouty lips.

I sat up and kissed her as I eased her onto her back with my cock pressed against her neatly trimmed pussy. I kissed her neck and worked down to Abby's collarbone area as she moaned and begged for me to fuck her. Then, I dropped down and slid my wet tongue across her beautiful, fresh-smelling pussy.

"Oh, fuck," she said, breathless. "I wanted your dick inside me, but that'll do."

I sat up suddenly. "You know what? I think I'd like to sixty-nine you, instead," I said, pulling her up and on top of me with her head in my lap as I pushed my tongue into her dripping gash.

"No problem," she said, grabbing my hard cock and wrapping her mouth around it as she groaned loudly.

As her mouth worked overtime on my rod, I started running my tongue from her clit to the base of her pussy. I held her lips open and tongued her clit, while she began to moan. Her mouth pumped up and down, nearly enveloping me every stroke.

I upped my game by quickly slipping two fingers into her juicy cunt and sliding them back and forth while diddling her clit with my thumb. Her moans gave me an indication that a great orgasm was on the way and within a few minutes, her hips were gyrating as I finger-fucked her to a full leg-shaking climax.

I sat up, licked my fingers and quickly lubed the tip of my dick before slapping the head against her clit to tease her. She protested, so I slipped the head of my cock inside her wet snatch as she writhed underneath me.

Slowly, I eased my cock into her slippery cunt. I started slowly, but then built up my pace until I was fucking her semi-hard, but not rough. 

"Yes, fuck it just like that," she begged. 

As I railed her, I rubbed her clit with the thumb of my left hand. She arched her back up off the bed and her quick moans turned into a long, slow one as she came yet again.

Rolling her over onto her stomach, I slipped my cock into her again. Within a few minutes, I was pounding Abby's cunt aggressively, as I held her by her shoulders and her moans filled the room, despite her face being buried in a small pile of bed linens.

Then, after rolling her over on her back, I pulled her pussy to my face and begin eating her. As I tongued her well-trimmed snatch, Abby started grinding on my mouth and moaning sweetly. "Oh, God, Katy was right ... you ARE good at this ..."

A few minutes later, Abby's orgasm shook through her body and she pulled me up to her face. Hot passionate kisses from her were only stopped by her begging me for one thing ...

"Fuck me in the ass," she said. 

"Yeah?" I replied. "That what you need?"

"Yes, fuck my ass," she said a second time, with a slight throaty whisper. "A little something to set myself apart from my sister."

I rolled her over again to all fours and kissed down her back to her ass, which I kissed before sloppily rimming her pretty asshole to provide some lubrication for my cock. 

"Ooooh, that's nice," she cooed, as I flicked my tongue across her pucker. "Don't be afraid. You won't kill me," she said. 

"Fuck my ass ... Please."

I rolled her over on her stomach again and placed the head of my raging stiff cock against her pucker. She looked back ... and I pushed the head in, eliciting a loud groan. I eased forward and filled her a little more, now trying to find the rhythm to fuck her tight ass.

She reached down with her left hand and played with her clit while I worked myself in and out of her, finding a steady stroke as she moaned. "Oh my god, that feels so ... fucking ... good," she said, as her body shook and she bucked forward. My dick popped out of her and I watched her trembling body finish its pleasure spasm.

As she lay prone on the bed, panting, I eased my cock back into her ass again and stroked anew. Her shrieking told me she was close to another orgasm, but I could feel the cum welling up inside me. 

Her shaking orgasm pushed me over edge and I pushed deep into her canal and felt my cum filling her asshole.

"Yeah, that's it" she said. "Fill it up. Fill me up. Shoot that cum in my ass."

After a few seconds of shuddering through my nut filling her, I pulled my cock from her, as she groaned. 

"That's the deepest I've ever taken it in my ass," Abby said. "Fuck, Katy was right, you are the champ!"

"Now I have to shower all over again," she said, with pouty lips. "Join me?"

I couldn't move. I was drained.

"Before you go back to sleep, you should know, I'm good at keeping secrets ... but I might need a little reminder every once in while ... OK?