 Amanda had truly enjoy her encounter with Paulo and was very anxious to share the experience with her best friends. She and her friends tried to find a time each month to get together and enjoy what their bodies could do to each other. This commitment had led to some very satisfying sexual encounters.  What they didn't know was that Amanda's husband,Adam, had been watching some of their encounters and was planning on busting into the next party he saw.

Adam finally got the opportunity a few months later when he had arranged to be out of the house on and imaginary business trip. He had planed the weekend for two weeks and had made sure that Keshia, his 29 year old ebony lover, would be able to also be a part.

The weekend started with Amanda taking him to the airport because his car supposedly was in the shop having some work done. Adam had bought a round trip ticket to a near-by airport, and would be back in about a hour to drive back home and wait for the rest of the party to get there. Unknown to Amanda he had parked his car in the long term parking the day before and had Keshia take him home. Keshia would be arriving at the house in a couple of hours. She had a key to the servants door, and knew the back way up to his room. Keshia had come in that way on many a night to spend the night in his wing of the house.

Now he was sitting in his rooms waiting for the party to begin. He had installed a monitoring system in the house a few years ago when he first suspected that Amanda was getting restless. Due to the system he was able to watch all that went on in the house even when he wasn't there. Adam had always been a bit of a voyeur,and would watch the tapes, of what his wife had been up to lately over and over. He had learned some very interesting facts about her recently. With what he had planed for this weekend he hoped that a corner would be turned in his and Amanda's marriage. If he had his way they would go on pretty much as they had been lately, with the exception of all parties would be aware of each other.

Amanda, not aware that Adam was in his room watching, walked into the bath and prepared to take a shower. As she undressed she closed her eyes and touch herself like Jack had the last time they were together. She dreamed she could feel his hands on her body rubbing and probing her into an aroused state. Stepping into the shower after getting the water temperature just right, she let the water slide down her body tantalizing her even further. 

Adam watched as her hands slid down her body till they reached the juncture of her thighs, and there stayed playing for a moment. As she played her elbows squeezed her tits together and made a very lovely site from his angle. Soon Amanda's breath was coming in shorter gasps, and now one hand was buried deep inside of her cunt, while the other was rubbing up and down her body. He could tell her intent was not to seek relieve, but to simple give a thrill. 

Amanda was thinking of what was in store for the weekend as she touched herself. She had made sure that Sandy and Tom would be there, and had invited Paulo and a date to come also. Amanda had also invited a very tasty looking man she had run into at the gym. She had the feeling he would become a very fun addition to their little group. She had told him that she had just the girl for him and would ask her to come along. Carman , a very well endowed Latino was a girl that Amanda had struck up a friendship with at the gym. Amanda was looking forward to sampling some new meat. Since tasting a woman, and having one sample her, she had decided that it was a very enjoyable thing to do. She still preferred a man to a woman but there were some things that a woman can naturally do better.

As Amanda finished her shower she wondered what type of girl Paulo would bring, She had told him to make sure that the girl knew what type of party this was to be, but she was afraid that due to the slight language problem that the message may of not gotten thru. If it turned into a problem someone would have to take the girl home if they weren't able to convince her to try things out. Well that would be a bridge to cross if or when they came to it.

One hour later.

Dressed Amanda was finishing checking to make sure all was in place and ready for the party when the door bell rang. Sandy and her lover Tom where there and coming up the walk behind them was Amanda's Tall dark and Chocolate lover, Jack.  As she let them in they each gave her a very passionate french kiss and a quick grope. As the friends walked into the Den they laughed at how comfortable they all were. The things they had done to each other and received were the things that most people only dream about when watching porn's. 

Jack walked over to the bar and started to make drinks for everyone. He didn't need to ask what they wanted because he knew them so well. Just as he was handing Tom his drink the bell rang again, and rather than break up Amanda and Sandy's conversation he walked to the door to answer it. Standing on the stoop was a very pretty Latino girl, A man with blond hair and deep blue eyes, and a couple just getting out of their car. He ushered the first two in the door and instructed them to head towards the den. Waiting, he watched as the young man helped his date out of the car, and then up the walk to make sure she did not trip on the stones in the walk.

When all had entered the door he showed them to the den and made them each a drink of their choice. Amanda stood up and hugged Paulo as she introduced the men and then had them introduce the women with them. 

Carman blushed as she looked at Jack and Tom. They were both very good looking men and well built. She could tell that this was going to be a dun time. She had feared that because they were middle aged, they would be a little on the saggy side. Desire ran thru her body at the thought of what they would be doing to her body. She also wondered what the women would think if she was to kiss them both on the lips. 

Scott, the newest man to join in their party was getting to know Carman after Amanda had paired them up. He found her to be a little on the crude side but hoped that meant that she would get wild and make things sizzle.

Paulo, still standing with an arm around Amanda, introduced his date to the rest of the party. Isabella was a small girl standing just barely 5 foot, and weighing only 90 pounds or so. She was rather flat chested but Amanda and Sandy both noticed that she had a rather long tongue. The girl had the habit of licking her lips ever once in a while, thus giving them an opportunity to see it.

The four couples sat getting to know each other and test the waters so to speak with the new members. After a few drinks all were getting relaxed and pieces of clothing were being lessened or taken off. There seemed to be hands everywhere. Soon Amanda and Sandy both stood up and suggested that they all move the party upstairs to the playroom that Amanda and Sandy had recently redecorated. 

The girls had turned what had once been just a junk room into a den of sex. Displayed on the walls were toys for Control, and toys for submission. There were also toys just for fun. The floor was an almost wall to wall bed. They had had a low table built around the perimeter of the room so that there were places to put lotions and toys when not in use. Pillows of various size and shape were scattered around, and the lights could be dimmed to what amounted to candle light, or as bright as spot light in case they wanted to take pictures. Also installed in the ceiling was a camera that could film the whole room at one time. Sandy had hoped that would provide them with a lot ot viewing material.

When Carman stepped into the room she squealed with delight, and then started to peal her clothing off. When the others saw this they joined her. Isabella was the last to disrobe. Jack saw that she was a bit self-conscious. He walked over to her and whispered in her ear " I think you are the sexiest woman here." To this she smiled and kissed him full on the mouth.

Isabella had secrets that she had never told anyone. She dreamed of seeing a black man's cock sliding in and out of her very white body. The contrast would be erotic she thought. Another dream was to be involved in an orgy. That way she could taste a woman, and if she didn't like it could stop and go back to a man. She truly believed that she would love it. Isabella had fingered herself to orgasm and then licked her fingers clean on a few occassions. She liked the taste of herself so thought that another woman would be just as good if not better.

Soon everyone was on the huge bed touching and kissing. Carman was on her back with Jack in her pussy and Scott in her mouth. Sandy was watching as Tom, propped up, watch Isabella, on her hands and knees, take his cock in her mouth and started to lick. After watching for a minute Sandy crawled over and positioning herself under Isabella and pulling her down onto her face dove into Isabella's hot box.  Amanda wanted to get some of those big tits so she joined the attack on Carman and sucked a nipple into her mouth, as she reached down to rub Carman's clit as Jack pumped in and out of her hot box. Paulo not wanting to be left out joined the assault on Isabella and entered the only place left, her ass.

Adam was really enjoying the show when Keshia came in the room. He was sitting with his hand wrapped around his cock and slowly stroking as he watched. Keshia pealed her clothes off and dropped down between his legs and took over the stroking as she too watched what was happening in the room on the other side of the house.

"Damn Baby, They are really going at it aren't they?" Keshia sighed.

"They sure are. I never knew my wife was so hot. Are you ready to go crash the party?"

" Oh Ya!! Lets go." She said as she tugged on his hand." 

By the time that Adam and Keshia arrived at the party room there had been a change in positions. The room was just a maze of body parts. It was almost impossible to tell if you were seeing a girl/girl combo, or a girl/boy. Everywhere you looked there was a body giving or receiving some type of pleasure. The couple just stood in the doorway and watched. This was even better than watching it on the monitors. Here you could see, smell, and hear the sex. The energy the room gave off was a powerful hypnotic. It was like being on a acid trip without the out of body feeling.  It was AWESOME!

They entered the room finally and each went their own way. Keshia had spotted a shaved pussy that had her mouth watering to taste. Adam on the other hand had walked to the corner to get another view of the room. He soon spotted the woman he had married. She was busy trying to get all of the black cock in her mouth. Positioned there on her hands and knees he could see the remains of her last lovers cum beginning to drip for her pussy lips. It looked almost like dew on a petal, so fresh and inviting. Adam decided that it was just to tempting and got down on the bed to lick it out of her. 

Amanda felt the tongue so gently probing all of the juice out of her body. This started another juice to flow. As she came up for a breath before plunging back down on Jack cock, she looked around and noticed something different. With each up stroke she looked until she realized that the mouth on her pussy lips was not one that she remembered having yet. She was sure that she had felt everyone here. About that time the tongue that had been buried so deep just a minute ago was withdrawn. She moaned at the loss, and then gasp when suddenly a hard hot cock was thrust up her anus. The cock continued to slide in and out with her up and down motion on Jack's cock. All at once the cock in her ass rammed deeper and the man leaned over and whispered "Do you still like it this way Ka?"

'Ka' was a name that Amanda hadn't heard for a long time. It was what Adam had called her when they were young lovers. He called her that because the first time they made love was outside and a hawk had flown over and kaa'ed at them. She froze in mid stroke and peeked over her shoulder as best she could.

Adam smiled as she realized just who it was ramming her ass and sending her to another world. He was the only man that could do it just right. He knew just where to hit and at what speed. Amanda went back down on the cock in her mouth and gave Jack the best blow job ever. All three erupted at almost the same time.

Keshia had truly enjoyed the drink she received from that sweet shaved pussy. Isabella had almost smothered her at first with surprise. Then she relaxed and went back to eating Carmen's snatch.

Amanda stood up and got everyone's attention as soon as they had finished cumming. " Everyone please listen. I want you to meet my husband, Adam."  All eyes looked toward the voice and saw that Amanda had the biggest smile on her face.

" Hello all. I hope we aren't intruding." he said as he held his hand out to Keshia. Keshia stood and joined him in the center of the room. "This is my lover Keshia." he said to Amanda. "We have been lovers for about six months now and I want her to move in with us."

Amanda looked her over and decided that this young lady would be a great addition to their home. And without much more said they all went back to filling empty holes, and warming cold members.

The next afternoon

Everyone had fallen asleep there in the party room. Through the night you could hear someone getting a little more, but as the sun came up all were to exhausted to move.  Amanda was the first to wake up and go in to take a shower. As she was standing there letting the water flow over her body, she heard a noise, and then felt hands reaching from behind to tweak her tits.

" 'Ka' are you okay with me being a part of your sex party?" Adam asked as his hands traveled down her body to her core.

" It's nice that you are not upset to find out. I was so lonely and frustrated. You were gone so much and when you were home you weren't there, at least that is how it felt."

" I never realized how much I Love you until I saw what you were capable of. If you would like we can go on with our lovers and also have each other too."

"I would love that. Also I would love to have your lover move in with us as long as you share. Deal?"

"It's a deal." Adam said smiling. "Now lets go cook up something for everyone to eat. We have to keep up our strength, we have a long weekend ahead of us."