 It was New Years Eve and my friend, Kyle, and I were headed to a party. I didn't know the people who invited us and didn't feel like going out, but as he pointed out to me, "You could just sit in your apartment by yourself and be a fuckin' loser ..."

Not that it mattered, the party was being thrown by two women Kyle met in a class -- sisters -- who invited him. The owners were in New York City for the ball drop, as they were every year, and didn't mind if we rang in the New Year at their place, which was a huge house on the outside of town.

When we got there, I met Katy, a blonde with a firm, athletic look, and Abby, a slimmer, petite brunette, the sisters hosting the party. We chatted for a bit and then Kyle informed me we were probably spending the night. "Listen, I'm not driving tonight and lots of people are staying. Just relax."

I was a little pissed, but as soon as the alcohol started flowing and I figured out that there about 8 bedrooms in the house (and picked one out for myself), I settled down and enjoyed the party.

The clock struck midnight and we celebrated. I got a big hug and a quick kiss on the cheek from Katy, but Abby's kiss was full and long. Then, I turned around to look for Kyle and they were gone. I looked everywhere for my hostesses, but never found them.

I flirted with a few of the other women at the party, but either got cock blocked or shut down.

++++++++++++++

Around 3 a.m., the party waned and I started toward my room, I started to walk into what I thought was my dimly lit room and stopped in my tracks as I saw a woman on the bed masturbating.

Backing outside where it was dark, I watched for a few moments, but still couldn't make out who it was. She was fit, completely shaven and eagerly, silently, pawing at her slit. She had firm C cups with nipples that were sticking straight out.

As eagerly as she was fingering herself, I was surprised that she wasn't screaming out loud. In fact, she was fairly quiet, only murmuring a soft whimper or moan every so often. Even her orgasm, which I noticed because she straightened her right leg as it trembled, wouldn't have awoken anyone in the nearby bedrooms.

I thought she might be done after she came, but after a few seconds, she was at it again and I recognized her as Katy, the blonde well-built sister. This time, she grabbed a pocket rocket and held on her clit while she slid two fingers inside her wet hole.

I continued watching from outside the room for a few minutes, then decided to take a chance. I pushed the door open a few inches and slowly stepped inside. It was just dark enough that Katy didn't notice me enter.

She continued rubbing her clit furiously as I closed the bedroom door and silently got undressed. I couldn't break my stare -- even as I stroked my stiffening cock -- as she alternated between circling her clit and diving her fingers inside her glistening pussy.

Then, I took my biggest chance. I slowly walked to the edge of the bed -- still unnoticed by Katy, who now had flipped over on her stomach and had two fingers inside herself. Without thinking, I grabbed her by both ankles and pulled her to the edge of the bed.

Immediately, she flipped over and, before she could do or say anything, I buried my face in her shaven snatch and began devouring her.

If Katy objected, she didn't say so. If she didn't who know I was, it didn't bother her. If she wanted me to stop, she certainly said the opposite. "Ooooh, my god ... it's you," she whispered. "I thought I would be alone tonight, but ... yes ... Fuck. Eat my pussy!"

That's exactly what I did, inhaling her sweet aroma, while nibbling on her clit, running my tongue up and down along her swollen lips, as her soft moaning and groaning filled my ears. I held her toned, tanned thighs as I trailed down to her ass. She let out a surprised, but soft, squeal when I began rimming her. 

"That's naughty," Katy said, as she rubbed her clit and she started moaning a little louder.

Sensing I could push her over the edge, I slipped two fingers inside her and furiously finger fucked her juicy pussy as I clamped down on her clit with my lips. My tongue circled her engorged clit as her orgasm approached.

"Oh, god ... oh, god ... oh. my. god. Holy fuck. Shit ... Don't ... Keep going ..."

Then, she shook violently as her pussy tightened around my fingers and I could no longer keep my mouth on her clit. I began curling my fingers up inside her slit, easily finding the g-spot and sending her ass up off the bed in ecstasy.

"Go!" she screamed, as she looked down into my face. "Please don't stop."

With two fingers of my right hand buried in her cunt, I used my left hand to push her body down to the bed again, then slid it down to play with her clit while I continued to finger fuck her spot. 

"Jeez," she said, pushing her body up toward the ceiling. "FUCK! MAKE ME CUM AGAIN, PLEASE!"

I slipped a third finger inside her and was now sawing them back and forth faster and harder. She dropped back onto to the bed and continuing moaning and writhing as I diddled her. Suddenly, her body shook again and the juice squirted from her hole as she squealed.

I didn't give her a break. I pulled my fingers out of her pussy and used her wetness to moisten the head of my cock. Then, I rubbed my cock on her clit as she begged me to fuck her. I made her wait a little while longer, then slid my cock easily into her well-lubed, but tight, hole. 

"Wow," she said. "It's been a long time ... go nice and slow at first, please. It's been awhile."

I did as I was told. I fucked her for a few minutes and she begged to suck my cock. I pulled myself from her and she swiftly dropped her head to my groin.

She slid forward and engulfed my cock with her warm, inviting mouth. She maintained eye contact as she sucked my cock furiously. Her left hand continued to play with her clit as she sucked while stroked me with the right hand.

"How's that?" she asked, stroking my cock. "How about a little 69?" I pulled her snatch to my face and devoured her once again. Letting my tongue drift upward to her ass resulted a

After a few minutes, I was ready to fuck again. I lifted Katy's pussy off my face as her mouth broke free of my cock. I positioned her in reverse cowgirl and slowly impaled her pink pussy on my dick. 

"Stay right there," I told her, as I pulled her up off my dick a few inches. Then, I held Katy in place as I pumped my dick up her pussy from underneath. 

"Oh," she yelped, hesitantly. 

"Just trust me," I said. Soon is riding the full length of my cock, bouncing up and down on it and holding on to my shoulder.

As I picked up speed, Katy got louder as I held her close and pounded her harder, forcing more orgasms out of her. After a few minutes, she pulled herself off of me, covered her pussy with her left hand and said, "Shit, I need a break ..."

As I tried to pull her pussy back to me, she pushed me back and said, "I'm only giving my pussy a break -- not my mouth." She gripped my cock with her right hand, wrapped her lips around me and began sucking me nice and slow.

As she coated my member with her saliva, she stroked me in a circular motion, pulling her mouth off and staring into my face while she pumped her hand up and down. She'd suck for a few minutes, lick and suck my balls, then talk dirty to me.

"This is the fuck of my life ... you deserve to cum all over me ... where do you want to blow your load?" she asked. "You want to fill me up with cum? ... deep in my pussy?"

"My tits?"

"My ass?"

"No, you wanna cum on my face, don't you? You fuckin' naughty boy."

But I wasn't ready to cum yet and surprised Katy again by pulling her up and kissing her hungrily, which she reciprocated. Then, I maneuvered behind her and eased my cock into her from the side.

I pumped a few times slowly to get the rhythm, then began pounding her slit hard as I watched her eyes fly open and face contort. 

I licked my fingers and started rubbing her clit as her head eased backward into the crook of my elbow, followed by more moaning. I pulled her face close to mine and she looked deep into my eyes as I fucked her with deep, long strokes.

It wasn't long before her pussy spasmed again and I could feel her wetness increase as she shook through another good orgasm. I could feel myself ready to pop as well, so I pulled my cock from her and said, "Ready to swallow some cum?"

She smiled and flipped over on top of me and quickly engulfed my dick with her warm, willing mouth. I was already pretty close to cumming, so after a few quick bobs of her blonde head, I filled her mouth with a big, sticky load, which she held in her mouth for a moment, then showed it to me before easily gulping it down.

After a few mouth strokes to clean me off, she laid back on the bed and rolled over. "Fuck, that was good!" she said.

My head was still buzzing, so after a few minutes, I pulled Katy toward me and we started all over again. We fucked again and then drifted off to sleep.

I woke a few hours later and Katy was gone. Where she had slept was a note, which read: "Thanks for last night. We should do this again - SOON." She signed it and left her phone number.

Coming in Part 2: Abby wants hers.