 My wife and I have been married for just over a year. When we met, she was a young 19-year-old latina working at one of those trendy female clothing store in the mall; and I, a 29-year-old bartender looking for... someone like her. Maria has beautiful olive skin, long black hair, and big brown eyes. Her body was slim and athletic with perfect full breasts. It has been almost 4 years since the first day we met and she has only gotten more attractive. Maria, who once dressed a bit conservative, is now often going without a bra, showing lots of skin with tube tops and mini skirts, and shoes with no straps and a tall heel. What more could I want?

Maria has two sisters. One, sixteen and still in high school; the other 19, a first year college student. Both have lighter hair than Maria, but are just as beautiful in different ways. Annie, the youngest, is the tallest with very long thin legs. Sylvia, is built similar to Maria, but with slightly bigger breasts. The two younger sisters also were conservative in their clothes and in their relationships with the opposite sex. Maria had admitted to losing her virginity at 14, and was amazed at her sisters' resistance to sex. Maria was no slut in high school and in fact had only been with two guys before me. I had opened her eyes to different positions, places (outside, in a store fitting room, etc), and the use of toys. She became much more open to sexual pleasure and loved to be just a bit on the naughty side.

This summer we moved into a new apartment big enough to have guests. Maria's sisters often stayed the night, sometimes both, sometimes only one of the two. The "sister slumber party" would be a night of swimming, hot tub, lots of junk food, movies, and giggles. I usually let them take over the house, while I do my own thing in the second bedroom that we made into an office/playroom. About a month ago, I decided to join them for a swim. Maria and Annie chose the hot tub over the much cooler pool. I am not much of a swimmer, but Sylvia began to swim laps. She had great form, but tired quickly. I was floating next to the edge of the pool, opposite the hot tub when Sylvia swam over. She stopped and hung on to the edge with one arm. With her resting on the pool rim, it forced her breasts to rise above the water. The chill of the night air gave her an instant "nip-freeze". That was the first time I noticed her as a woman and not as a sister. Her tanned skin dripping with water combined with her hard nipple inches away, gave me an instant erection. My baggy suit was quickly sticking straight out in front of me. She could not see it beneath the water, but she was so close when she paddled her feet and arms she came into contact with my body. I wasn't sure if she knew exactly what she touched and acted as if nothing were wrong. Of course, about that time, Maria and Annie decided to jump in and attack us. My wife was startled by my package. She grabbed it, looked at me and smiled. Embarrassed, I dunked her and swam off. I got out and grabbed my towel before they could see what I was hiding. I told them I would meet them in the apartment and left before they saw me, still rock hard.

Later on that evening, Maria finally came to bed about 12:30 after watching movies for several hours. I was awakened by her lips on my neck and her hand softly caressing my cock.

"I want you to fuck me with that hard cock I felt in the pool," she whispered. "I want it now!"

She pulled me over atop her body and my erect member fell between her parted legs. I felt her wet pussy rubbing against me, until she reached down and stuffed me in. Within minutes, she was holding a pillow to her face to mask the sounds of her climax. The thought of her sisters laying in the next room and the heat of my wife sent me over the edge just as quick. Before we regained our senses, sleep took us both under.

Maria never mentioned my pool hard-on after that. I was worried she may get mad or jealous, but nothing. The next weekend, Sylvia wanted to stay, but Maria had to do some extra work and I had plans for a mountain bike ride with friends. Maria suggested that she stay with us during the week instead. We both worked, but she could hang out by the pool, ride bikes or whatever. So Maria picked up Sylvia on Tuesday after work. We had a lazy dinner of pizza and soda. The girls sat around chatting, so I took my basketball and went out to shot some baskets.

After about 20 minutes, it got too dark to see the rim. I walked back to the house and as I got closer, I could hear them talking through the window. I looked up to the second story and saw the window open but blinds drawn. I could hear every word as clear as if I was standing in the room. Girl talk, I thought to myself. Boring. Just as I turned to walk away, I heard the magic word - "sex."

"You don't just do it. There is a lot more involved. Young guys are a bit clumsy and nervous. It is a great idea to wait," I heard my wife say. "I mean, if I could do it all over again, I would have waited for my husband. Then again, perhaps I would not realize how good he is if I would not have the others."

Her sister responded, "Yea I guess, but I am so ready. You know what mom said about touching yourself. So I don't. But sometimes I will find my panties so wet after..."

"What? After what?"

"Well... after I see the two of you together."

"What do you mean?"

"You know, you guys kiss and hug. I see you sneak a grab at his "thing" when you think no one is looking. I see him touch you, too. One time, I saw his erection push out his pants and down one side of his leg."

"And that makes you wet?"

"Yes. I'm sorry."

"No, it is no big deal. Kinda funny I guess. Let me ask you a question. Were you wet last weekend? Did you see anything that made you wet?"

"Actually. Now don't get mad, but, I accidentally touched it."

"What?"

"In the pool. I was swimming and my hand bumped it. I was so wet that night, I almost broke mom's rule."

"First, mom's rule is silly. Trust me. Second, I am not mad at all. And lastly, would you like to touch it again?"

At that point, I could not believe my ears. My wife and her sister talking about my "thing", as she called it. Not just talking about it, but talking about touching it! Whoa! When I walked in the house they quietly came out of the bedroom and sat down to watch TV. I told them I needed a shower, and with the basketball hiding my arousal, I ducked in the bathroom. I took a hot shower and then rinsed off in cold water to shrink myself back down. Wrapping the towel around my waist, I exited the bathroom and turned toward the bedroom. I had just slipped into a pair of boxer briefs, when my wife startled me from behind. "I need your help, honey," she said. With that she grabbed my arm and led me into the living room.

Sylvia was sitting on the coach watching MTV, as we walked in. She looked up, a bit surprised. I had forgotten I was dressed only in my underwear, until I felt my wife's hand on my ass. "Now, what should I go pick up for dinner? Do we want pizza? Chicken bowls and egg rolls? Tacos?" As my wife asked the questions, she caressed my ass, sliding a finger under the seam and sending chills through my body. Sylvia could not see Maria's hands, but she could see my reaction. Slowly, my cock began to inflate right before her eyes with only a thin piece of cotton covering it.

"Well, you know I love tacos, but it is up to you girls. Sylvia, what do you want?" I asked.

My question seemed to break her trance of peeking at my penis. "Oh I don't care. I could go for tacos."

"Tacos it is. I will be right back." My wife gave a slap to my ass, and quickly turned, grabbed her purse and car keys and was gone. I stood there a bit shocked and confused. I went to the fridge to get a beer. Did my wife just offer me to her little sister? I looked down and my erection had not even started to deflate. My rod stuck straight out making a huge tent. I thought about what I had heard outside from my wife, '...would you like to touch it again?" I wanted to play along, but did not want to scare this young girl. I decided I would walk back into the living room and ask her if she wanted... "Would you like a beer or soda?" I found myself asking her.

"No thanks. I will wait for the tacos." I watched her look over at me. Her eyes never made it past the word Calvin on my shorts. She squirmed on the couch a bit as I turned and stood there watching yet another video from Mariah. When I turned I knew she would have a side view of a seriously long, hard cock. "So... Maria said that your "thing" is perfect."

Bingo. My questions were answered, she wanted it. I put my down on the table and slowly walked over to her on the couch. She dropped the remote control and sat up straight; her eyes focused on my bulge. "What do you think?" As I asked I slipped my waistband down my legs revealing my flesh member.

Besides a soft giggle, she said nothing. I moved closer to her. She dropped to her knees and reached out with both hands. One hand gently cupped my balls, while the other circled around my shaft. She looked under, to the side, on the top, examining the whole package. I was in complete heaven. This young sexy girl dressed in a tank top and shorts, kneeling in front me and holding my stiff prick. Without any words exchanged, she began to slowly pump my organ. At once, pre-cum oozed out from the tip and dripped on her hand. I knew I was going to cum if she continued and did not want to stop her. I wanted to rip all her clothes off right there, but I knew this was all a new experience and had to go slow. So I stood there while she continued to grapple my penis.

"I want you to cum. Will you cum?" She broke the silence.

"Yes. Yes I will. But you should take off your shirt, cause it may get all over." She gave me a quick look of surprise, then quickly removed her shirt and bra and continued her task. Her breasts were beautiful. Large, firm and naturally tan in color. Her nipple stood out nearly an inch showing her excitement. I reached down to feel her soft breast and gently roll her nipple between my fingers. For the first time I saw her close her eyes and a low moan escaped her lips.

She reopened her eyes and her pace quickened. Her strokes now were firm and fast. She was not scared anymore. I continued to play with her tits as she went one step further. She leaned over and licked the pre-cum from my tip. It must have tasted good, cause next she shoved half of my nine inches into her hot mouth, while still stroking the other half. This girl was a natural cocksucker! Her cheeks sucked in and held my rod tight as she pulled it in and out. I could last no longer. "Are you ready? I am going to cum!"

She removed it from her mouth to see the event. Her fist still jerking me, she aimed my cock towards her chest. "Cum on me! Cum on me now!" With that I exploded. Cum covered her tits, hand, neck, and even face. She continued to milk every drop with one hand. With her other hand, she played with the white substance that coated her body. Taking my dripping member into her mouth, she sucked it clean and tasted her first drop of cum. She removed it from her mouth, looked up and smiled. "Thank you. I better get cleaned up before Maria gets back." She jumped up and disappeared into the bathroom.

My legs were a bit weak. My head spinning. Did that just happen? Do I tell my wife? What next?