 Pauline was his sister's bestie, the two joined at the hip and the Ipod, each with a headphone in the ear closest to the other. Pauline and Carrie, each about a year and a half younger than his twenty years had been part of his growing up for as long as he, Paul could remember. So too had the tricks they had played on him ranging from bursting into his room when he was getting undressed or dressing to hiding anything from crisps to car-keys or pants to phone.

Only occasionally had he been able to redress the score a little like at Carrie's eighteenth birthday when she pressed play on the CD-player for her favourite band, Placebo and he had put a blank CD in the machine. Pauline had loved the pun though just about everyone else present only groaned. It was however one of the few times he had been able to split the pair up.

Once they both had passed their eighteenth birthdays, the dastardly duo lessened off on the practical jokes, preferring to see how much they could embarrass him. They would wait till he had gotten back from a cycle ride or had been exercising in the basement wearing nothing but a pair of running shorts and t-shirt, sometimes without the shirt and ask his opinion on their dress sense or more often lack of it in his considered view. And, talking about view, it wasn't that he didn't appreciate them. He did but sometimes it would be nice to be able to appreciate them without them both being able to see just how much he appreciated their skimpy clothing. Paul felt almost as guilty about fantasies about Pauline as he did about the ones his sister induced, especially the night, both had come down to use the hot tub with virtually nothing but their nipples and snatches covered and in Pauline's case a generous portion of pubic hair not covered.

Paul was wearing a pair of speedos which did absolutely nothing to hide his predicament but, years of being around the two of them meant he was at least able not to blush. He went to get them all a beer and while away, listened in to their conversation. He never let on to anyone that he had super-sensitive hearing and over the years he had heard many things that he was not supposed to. Sometimes, this had even been to his advantage.

"I told you you should shave before wearing that bikini."

"You wear one that lets your brother see the outline of every fold of your vagina and you lecture me? Besides, I think he likes it. Maybe we should take our suits off and see who he looks at most. You up for it?"

Paul suppressed the sound that threatened to give away his secret. He only had a few more weeks before going back to his final year of Uni. Well final year of undergrad work at least. He had already been accepted for a PhD dependent only on his performing as expected over the next academic year. He was despite his honed body a nerd and one already won more than one prize for advanced nerdom which is what his sister insisted should be written on the ones he got at school. He hadn't bothered telling her about the Uni ones. She would find out about them when it came to his graduation. His parents both having died young of cancer after a lifetime of smoking, there wasn't anyone else he could think of inviting.

He poured the beers slowly so as not to get so much of a head that a bottle wouldn't fit in each glass and made his way back to the pool.

They were sitting on the edge of the pool, legs far enough apart to leave nothing to the imagination. Nothing that is apart from what it would be like to delve into the delights so delectably displayed. It was soon clear to both girls that it was Pauline's crotch with its full thatch of short curls that was attracting the most attention. Later Carrie would always maintain to her bestie that this was just because Paul was hung up about looking at his sister in that way.

Whatever the reasons, Paul had given up on trying to avoid looking at Pauline and it seemed from her gaze that she was far from unhappy about the effect she was having on his anatomy.

"Paul, why don't you take those off and let us see the rest of it. After all you have over two inches sticking out past your waistband."

What the hell? The terrible twosome had seen all he had to offer often enough through their pranks. What did once more matter? And he reasoned, he would be more comfortable without the waistband constricting his blood flow.

"Nice cock BIG brother! Now, why don't you two get a room instead of just staring at each other's genitals?"

Paul offered a hand to Pauline and helped her stand up which she managed without spilling the beer she was holding. She wrapped her arms around him and kissed.

"You could have had this a long time ago." She said softly enough that only he could hear it.

"The best things in life are worth waiting for but not sure I would have waited had I known."

Towelled dry, they each drank in the other's body with their eyes. The only interruption being the cries from Paul's sister as she beat both of them to her first orgasm as the jets from the hot tub worked on her pleasure centre.

"Poor Carrie", murmured Pauline as their hands began to roam all over each other's bodies. After a quarter of an hour of this she was soaking and desperate for more,

"No condoms, I am at a safe time in my cycle." Paul didn't answer but kissed his way down her neck and to her breasts, teasing her areolae for several minutes before he finally took a nipple into his mouth and sucked hard while playing with the hard tip with his tongue. Pauline gasped as she experienced her first orgasm from breast stimulation. She hadn't known she was capable of that and thought it a myth. Clearly it wasn't. 

When her breathing finally slowed to normal again Paul continued his journey southwards, nuzzling in her soft blonde curls for an agonising amount of time before infuriatingly he skipped his ultimate target and kissed up the inside of her thighs and when he reached their union he lapped at her juices, savouring their their unique flavours. His hands gripped her buttocks as he swirled around her vagina, pushing a fraction further in with each circle.

Pauline could feel the tension in her very centre building in a most delicious fashion. Her breathing quickened in response to this and she called out Paul's name in almost a shout. Encouraged by this, Paul swapped his ministrations to the engorged clitoris above where he had been concentrating and took one of his hands from beneath Pauline's arse to plunge first one then two fingers into her slippery tightness. He continued to finger fuck her as his tongue danced on and around her erect bud. Paul was just about to go in for the metaphorical kill and trap her clitoris between his lips and hum while at the same time curling his fingers to reach her G spot when she pushed him off.

"Enough! I need you inside me now." It was half order half plea and with a degree of mischievousness that he had all too often struggled to achieve against the joint forces railed against him he asked,

"Already? I have only just started."

"Is that how you killed off your last girlfriend? It won't work, I have been taking self defence classes, now get that cock inside me now!" 

Paul said something to the effect that he was being hard done by and being bullied but before he had finished speaking, Pauline had wrestled him onto his back and was lowering herself onto him, cowgirl style. Almost in a reflex action, his hand reached for her breasts to help her balance. Or so she thought until he gripped her nipples in time with her downward motion triggering her second orgasm, far noisier than the first of the evening and a call of,

"Noisy fuckers!" from wherever his sister was. 

Paul felt her cunt muscles squeezing him so hard it hurt. He winced as it went on for five or more times as long as he expected and it was only when the final twitches of her contractions subsided that she was able to speak coherently.

"For that, you get to do all the work you sneaky bastard." Pauline arranged herself on the relatively high bed so Paul could stand beside it with her feet crossed behind his neck as he ploughed her furrow. And plough that furrow he did. Deceptively slowly at first but with a tempo perfectly matched to his partner's growing level of arousal and even from the start pushing deep enough to push through Pauline's cervix. The sounds filling the house now came not just from Pauline but also from the bed rocking despite its weight.

Paul knew he wasn't going to last much longer and warned Pauline of this.

"Just don't fucking stop!" She warned him. Paul had no intention of stopping and while faster would have been difficult, the power of his strokes built towards the inevitable crescendo. He kept pumping even as his seed travelled through his cock towards its destination and when Pauline felt the heat of his ejaculation hitting the sides of her love tunnel, her own climax, stronger by far than either of the first two joined his own. 

The two new lovers came down slowly from their endorphin high, kissing and duelling with their tongues as they did so. Strange, before each of them had always done this before making love or fucking rather than afterwards. Each was also wondering how they had missed the chemistry between them that worked so much better than it had with any of their previous partners. Neither wanted to ever give this up.

"I want to suck your cock." The request surprised Paul, somehow it was another level up in the intimacy they had just shared but there was no way he was going to refuse.

"Only if I can taste you again at the same time."

"You do realise that if you kill me with orgasms, Carrie will be a witness?"

"I am not sure if I have it in me to kill my sister. You on the other hand..." And with that Paul turned around in the bed to renew his attentions to Pauline's vagina.

"Their sixty-nine was languid as each tasted their combined juices. Arousal built slowly but over the next half hour, build it did. Finally Pauline's clitoris was able to cope with renewed stimulation and she found herself heading towards yet another explosion of pleasure. The intensity had been too great for her to continue with licking and sucking the hardness in her mouth but when her own gratification was complete she set about reciprocating with renewed vigour and with a final flourish of her tongue around his glans she felt the white, molten lava shooting towards the end of Paul's cock. She sucked and swallowed several times surprised at how much there was after feeling how much had been leaking out of her vagina as they kissed.

"you are the first man who has ever been prepared to go down on me afterwards. I like that."

With a goofy grin Paul replied,

"I liked it too. But I don't understand how a man can expect a woman to suck him and have his cum in her mouth if he isn't prepared to taste it too."

"You should have been born a woman Paul. You are too good to be a man."

"You really think we would have been as good together if I were a woman?"

"Maybe not but I am sure you know what I mean." They both laughed and almost as one declared,

"I am starving." They laughed again and Pauline added,

"Lets go and face your sister."