 My wife informed me that her younger sister Jen was going to be arriving for a one week stay. My wife Stacy rarely got to see her younger sister. There was a ten years difference in age between the two sisters. Jen just finished her first year in college and she didn't want to sit at home with the parents for all the summer. Frankly I didn't know what to expect.

I had to drive to the bus terminal to pick up Jen. I got a pleasant surprise when she got off the bus. Jen had blossomed since the last time I saw her. She had certainly matured, her body had filled out especially her breasts. Jen ran over to me and gave me a big hug. I could feel those big melons pressing into my chest. She also gave me a big kiss on the lips. I certainly hadn't expected that sort of reception.

I drove Jen back to the house and the sisters had a big chat when we got settled in. That evening we went out for dinner. I got a preview of Jen. She sat across the table from me in the restaurant. She was wearing a tight shirt and she damn sure wasn't wearing a bra. I tried not to stare at the big nipples popping out from the material of the shirt. I know Jen caught me staring and my wife must have caught me as well.

Later that night when we got home my wife lit into me. 

"Did you get a good look?" she asked.

"What do you mean?" I asked her.

"You couldn't take your eyes off my sister's boobs all night long."

I wondered what my wife expected. Her sister was showing off her assets and I looked. My wife eventually cooled off and we went to bed for the evening. The next day was a work day, but I knocked off early. When I got home I didn't see Jen. I looked out the window to where the in-ground pool was and there was Jen sunning her breasts. I didn't quite know what to do. I looked for awhile from the window and then I just waited for Jen to come back inside.

When Jen did come back in she had her bikini top back on. She must have known I had seen her sunning herself, but she didn't say a word. She walked back to her bedroom and I figured she was going to change clothes.

A few minutes later I heard Jen calling to me.

"John, can you come back here a minute?"

I walked down the hallway and looked into the bedroom. There sat Jen naked on the bed.

"Can you rub some lotion on my back, please?"

I was looking directly at her big tanned tits. I tried to control myself as she handed me the bottle of lotion and turned her back to me. I put some lotion on my hands and started to rub it onto Jen's back. I thought I heard her moan softly as my hands worked all over her back. When I was done I put the lotion onto the stand. I should have turned around and walked out, but I couldn't do that.

I reached over her shoulders and I took a breast into each of my hands. Jen did let out a soft moan. I started massaging each tit and pinching her nipples. I made the decision right then,I had to have my young sister-in-law. I pulled my hands from her tits. Jen turned around on the bed. I stood in front of her and started stripping down. Off came my shirt, pants, underwear and socks. My half hard dick was directly in front of Jen's face.

"Suck on it Jen," I told her.

Jen looked at me for a long moment then she reached out with her hand and took hold of my cock. Jen lifted my dick to her lips and she flicked her tongue out. She was licking the tip of my cockhead. I wanted much more than that from her. I place a hand on the back of her head and I urged her to take me into her mouth. Jen opened up and I slid my prick into her throat. 

I started to thrust in and out of her mouth. I looked down and saw Jen's eyes looking up at my face. She was checking out to see how I was taking her sucking motions. The room was quiet except for the sound of Jen slurping on my rod. I was pumping harder now. Jen was taking me deeper with each thrust. My dick was rock hard and I knew what the next step was.

I pulled my cock out and I reached down for Jen's legs. I raised them up. Her ass was at the edge of the bed now. I moved my cock into place and then I pushed my mushroom past her folds. Damn, did Jen let out a howl of pleasure. I slid my dick in as far as it would go and held it there. Jen's muscles had me in a tight grip. I didn't know if she was expecting all this, but I was going to fuck her as hard as I could.

I drove my thick rod deep into her belly. Our pubic mounds touched each time I fill Jen with my cock.Jen had her head thrown back. I guess I lost it just then. Jen had been cock teasing me since she walked into our house. I was going to find out if it was all a game or not. I have to say I pounded Jen's pussy with one speed...fast. 

"Fuck me John, your cock is so big!"

I could feel my balls slapping against Jen every time I stroked her pussy. I knew at this rate I wasn't going to hold out for very long. 

"I am getting so close," she said to me.

I wanted us both to cum together. I reached down with one hand and I placed my thumb on her clit and pushed down hard. Jen let out a scream and I kept rubbing on her button. Another minute of pressing on her clit and we came together. I blasted a stream of my sticky seed into Jen's belly. I could feel her shaking as I kept thrusting and squirting my baby oil into her belly. We just kept at it for some long minutes. Jen's pussy muscles were locked tight around my dick. It was if she didn't want me to ever pull out.

Unfortunately I started to go soft and I slipped my dick from Jen. She didn't move for a minute. Finally she sat up and looked at my spent cock. She took hold of it one more time and licked me clean with her mouth. After she finished she got up and went into the bathroom. I figured I better get dressed in case my wife decided to come home early.

When my wife did arrive Jen and I were sitting watching television. It was if nothing had happened between us. Jen even decided to put on a bra. She said her nipples were so hard after I fucked her. She didn't want Stacy to suspect anything. Jen and I had to wait for my wife to go and get her hair done the next day. We didn't waste a minute before we were in bed once more.

This time I was on my back and Jen was mounting me. She slid down onto my rigid pole and she worked those young pussy muscles all around me. Jen was very vocal in bed. She said she had been teasing me hoping I would take the bait. I took the bait alright. I now had my hands on those giant tits. I squeezed them both and Jen bobbed up and down my dick. Her ass would slam down hard on my midsection as I would thrust my ass up from the bed. I know we must have fucked a good hour before I gave Jen what she desired.

Jen was grinding down onto me when I felt my balls pinching. I gave her a few more pumps of my cock and I shot another load of cream into my sister-in-law. Jen said she didn't know how she was going to get by when she finally left at the end of the week. We did exchange phone numbers and I talked about trying to see her during the next school year. I know I should have felt bad about cheating on my wife, but she had been cold in bed the last year or so. I now have a younger, hotter lover to share my bed with.