 She is doing it to me again and has no idea what thoughts have kidnapped me

She goes about her business hosting the family for a holiday meal.

She is gorgeous and sensual and makes me crazy with lust

She moves gracefully, unaware that the way her backside moves when she wears that dress sets my erection harder than a cement sidewalk.

I am the sensible brother in law that married her conservative sister. My wife and I have always been faithful to one another. I know that I will never risk our marriage by expressing this primal urge that owns me every time I am in the presence of my sister-in-law.

So I sit here at the dinner table on Easter Sunday with fantasies of sweeping away the entire meal and hoisting up my drop dead gorgeous sister-in-law onto the smooth surface and making slow, sweet, sensuous love to her. I imagine creatively using the delicious sauces and creams on every tender surface of her body. Every sense would be satiated, every nerve ending would tingle, every ounce of energy exhausted.

Instead, I open my mouth and hear myself saying ...Honey, can you pass the peas please......and I smile to myself. My lovely sister-in-law thinks that she is describing her travel experiences to the family. Every set of eyes at the table watches her as she describes the pleasures of a recent trip to Greece. My ears hear the same words as the others but my brain is squirting adrenaline down my spine so fast that I think I am going to lose control. Fortunately, one of the children at the table spills a glass of milk which serves to stop the conversation and derails the impending "splooosh" into my shorts.

I swallow slowly, gently close and then open my eyes, and politely say... Excuse me, I need to use the bathroom. My sister in law resumes speaking and I adjust my erection such that I can stand up and walk past the family without embarrassment.

Closing the bathroom door behind me, I release my penis. It softly weeps a single drop of pre-ejaculate. The climatic moment is avoided as my engorged penis rests safely in my right hand.

Surrounded by the scents of soaps and herbal bath products I feel safe for a moment. However, the aroma increasingly reminds me of the scent of my sister-in-law . I immediately turn on the cold water and rinse myself in an effort to maintain control. I'm successful in not spewing my seed into the bathroom sink.

From the dining room I can hear the family laughing at a joke told by my crazy uncle. My kids begin to argue in a softly teasing way that will soon turn ugly if I do not return to the dinner table. I quickly open the door and bound into the hallway. Bang... I collide with my sister-in-law as she attempts to return to the kitchen and refresh her glass of wine. Solid cock barely restrained in my pants nudges her left hand as she passes by. The look in her eyes meets the look in my eyes. I'm unsure whether we are astonished, bewildered, surprised or horrified by what both of our brains now register as the inadvertent caress of my privates.

I stumble to the dining room to calm the growing argument between the kids. The slowly growing smile on the face of my-sister-in law is evidence that she knows her beauty has claimed me again. She does not do this by design and is gracious by not furthering my embarrassment. She has broken a thousand hearts and busted the balls of twice that number with that look on her face.

Having settled the kids, I pour myself a scotch and soda. I walk to the living room to watch the ballgame on TV and to re-orient myself. The innings go by and I'm working on my third drink when suddenly my sister-in-law plops down at the opposite end of the coach and places her bare feet on my lap. This is not good. It is frightening and it is exhilarating but it is not good. My hands drop down to softly massage her feet. I imagine every face in the room turning to this barely hidden erotic display but no one flinches or gives a second glance. 

I'm hardening again, thicker and denser than before if that is possible. My dick could break the glass on the flat screen TV if I swung it in that direction. Instead I calmly stand up and turn to leave the room. For a moment my crotch is at eye level to my wife sitting nest to me. The look in her eyes changes to amazement as a single wet spot dots my pants. I run up the stairs to a second bathroom. I am ready to explode. A knock at the door and I begin to panic. My wife slips in silently and whispers ...let me take care of that for you. Within seconds my pants are down to my ankles and the eyes of my wife are looking up at me. My cock swells the inside of her right cheek. My right hand softly pounds the wall and I give every possible drop to the warmth of her mouth.

You owe me one... she says as she adjusts the sleeves of her dress and quietly slips out the door. I can hear one of my kids crying as he is wrestled to the ground by his bigger brother. I bolt out of the bathroom while buckling my belt and bang....again I collide with my sister-in-law. She can barely control her laughter. I can barely hide my embarrassment. Another scream from downstairs grabs my attention and I run down to break up another argument between the kids.

I'm definitely lightheaded after three drinks, one orgasm and another view of my sister-in-law's face. 

Would you and the family like to spend the night tonight? We have so much to catch up on and so little time."

Immediately, my numbed brain begins to imagine all of the possibilities.