 Six weeks you have been away. That's six long weeks since I smelled your scent, felt your embrace, or ran my hands through that thick salt and pepper hair. I think about you all of the time. About when you'll be home and how I'll greet you...About the ways in which I intend to demonstrate the full extent of how much I've missed you. 

I love the late-night phone conversations we have at the end of our long hour days. They make the distance seem a bit more endurable. I love that through them, I can still feel close to you, even when you're aren't here. 

You make me so wet when you tell me to lay on your side of the bed to pleasure myself. Doing so gives me a sense of warmth and I feel at home. When you tell me to show you my pussy, an electric current runs from the top of my head to the tips of my toes, sparking all of my erogenous zones on the way down. You get me so excited when you tell me how much of a good girl I am for keeping it nice for you, even when you are away. I know how you like it, trimmed but not completely bare. Just enough to tickle your nose when you make love to my flower with your tongue.

Do you miss my pussy my love? So much do I miss your cock. I frequently reminisce about the last time we made love. We were preparing dinner. It was only after a few glasses of red wine that I noticed that look in your eye. That look of intensity, hunger, need. That look that a predator gets when he is about to devour his prey. You were standing behind me and unzipped the dress that I had worn to work that day. It dropped to the floor as you wrapped your arms around my waist. You nuzzled my sensitive neck through my long brown hair. I felt so safe, so warm. I knew that it was the delicate calm before the delicious storm. 

You spun me around and slipped your tongue into my mouth, biting gently on my lip. You slid your hand into my hair and pulled my head back so that you could return your attention to my neck. I loved the sensation of your beard against my skin. You grabbed my ass to pick me up and set me on the counter. I could feel your growing excitement in between my spread legs. You reached round to unclasp my bra so that my breasts were exposed to you. You rolled my erect nipples between your thumb and forefinger before slipping them into your mouth. You nibbled and sucked on them hard until I was dripping from my slit. You slipped your hand into my underwear and easily slid your finger into my tight pussy. You pulled it out and held it in front of my lips. I happily obliged and sucked it clean. You asked me if I liked the taste of my own pussy. You know I love it when you talk to me like that. 

Your cock was throbbing in your dress slacks. You unzipped them and released it from your underwear. It was so big and hard daddy. You grabbed your shaft and began to rub your head against my underwear. I was so wet for you. You growled that you were going to bury your cock into my tight little pussy and fuck me like the whore that I was. I told you that we needed to finish preparing dinner but you weren't having it. You pulled me off the counter and bent me over. The cold tile made my nipples even harder. You held your hand to the back of my neck and told me not to move. You ripped my thong off and dipped the tip of your penis into my wetness. I moaned and pushed back, so you spanked me hard like the dirty little slut I am. I was so hungry for your cock daddy. 

You grabbed my hips and buried yourself deep into me in one swift thrust. You fucked me until my knees were giving way beneath me. I was so close to cumming when you told me to turn around and get on my knees. I knew you were close and I was getting excited for your cum. You rubbed your cock that had just been in my pussy over my lips and cheeks. You lined it up to my mouth and told me to open. I did as I was told and within seconds you were hitting the back of my throat. I love it when you face fuck me. You grabbed the back of my head and finally gave me permission to please myself. I reached down and finger fucked my cunt while you skull fucked me with your delicious cock. Without breaking eye contact, I reached up to fondle your balls with my free hand just the way you like. Through your teeth, you asked if I wanted daddy to fill my mouth with his cum. I hungrily sucked your manhood harder until you gave me what I wanted. I swallowed every last drop of your seed as you told me what a good girl I was. You picked me up off of my knees, sat me back on the counter, and licked my cunt until I had one of the best orgasms of my life. I thanked you, daddy, and we finished preparing dinner. 

So now I sit at my desk thinking about that night. I can't help but squirm in my seat hoping that no one will notice...hoping that no one will smell my sweet juices or detect how hard my nipples are. Oh, what you do to me even when you aren't here. 

I crave that intoxicating feeling that stirs within me when you use my body for your pleasure. Nothing makes me happier than being your slut. Use me, my love. Own me. I am yours, body and soul. I'm counting down the days until you get home. I hope that you are ready, daddy.