 Copyright (c) 2018 James Miehoff, All Rights Reserved. 

This work may not be published whether for fee or free without this copyright.

---------

This is one of a series of stories set in what I call Universe-J. Universe-J is very much like this universe with a few exceptions. 

First the people tend to be a little more sexual and less hung up on sex that they are in our universe. This does not mean that monogamy is the exception. James and Heather were monogamous for a significant amount of time before they "accidentally" swapped partners.

Second the repercussions of unprotected sex are less severe than our universe. Not to say that STDs and unexpected pregnancies don't occur, just that they occur less frequently and in the case of STDs, a good shot of antibiotic will put you right again. HIV has yet to be introduced so STDs aren't a death sentence there.

Lastly, pedophilia and incest (which I will not be writing about) are virtually unknown. Children are to be protected and loved not abused. When they reach the age of consent, they can join in the adult games if they so desire, but there is no pressure on them to do so.

---------

The world would be a boring place if everybody is the same. But I do get a lot of strange looks when I tell people about my hobby. I collect and restore old arcade games. Yes, those 20 to 30 year old quarter suckers that lived in the arcades of the '80s and '90s. Sometimes to find them I have to drive pretty far. 

This is the next chapter in the continuing saga of my road trips to Earl's farm to save a barn full of old video games.

It's been six months since I started going out to Earl's farm and saving the video games he has stashed in an old barn. This time I had a special surprise for Earl and Heather decided to come along. 

As usual, five minutes into the trip Heather started nodding off. I let her sleep for about 10 minutes and then thumbed the remote. It didn't have any immediate effect other than add a barely audible buzzing to the road noise. Eventually, I saw a hand slide down to her lap and another slide up her shirt where her nipples were standing at attention. 

Chuckling, I thumbed the remote off and heard a moan that sounded like "thank you" come from her.

The remote was the wireless control for a Venus butterfly, a small remote controlled vibrator that ladies can place in their nether regions and get their lady parts vibrated at the pleasure of the person with the remote. I say ladies can place it, because it has a penis to help hold it in place. Heather keeps looking for a guy's version so she can drive me crazy by remote control. Some days I really hope she finds one and other days I hope she never does.

I flicked it back on about a half hour before we got to the restaurant to help her wake up. About 10 minutes out I stepped through to find her favorite pulsing pattern and was rewarded with an, "Oh you bastard, Oh. Oh. Oh. Don't stop it now. Oh. I'm coming". 

So I pushed the pattern button once more to move it into a faster and stronger pattern that always finds its mark. By now Heather had both hands in her crotch grinding and humping. Until she arched her back and let out an, "Ohhhh myyyyy gaaaaaaawd." When she finally slumped down, I had pity and thumbed the off button.

"Wow," she started, "I was having this dirty dream and when I woke up I was so horny and this was pushing my buttons so hard. Thank you."

"My pleasure, or was it yours?" I said. "I just wanted to wake you up nicely before we got to the diner."

"Thank you," she said. 

Then she turned the A/C on full and aimed one of the vents at her face and the other at her pussy. Just then, we got to the restaurant and pulled in. 

"Will you be alright?" I asked.

"I'll be fine," she replied, "just keep it low and slow for a while though." 

Under her breath I heard her say, "I gotta find one of those for him. He is having too much fucking fun."

Earl and Sissy were at their favorite table when we walked into the restaurant. To our delight Katie, Earl's lawyer was joining us. 

Those of you who already have a mental picture of the players, can skip the few paragraphs. 

For those that don't, I'm James mid-thirties, six foot tall, about 20 pounds heavier than I should be but still fairly athletic. 

Heather, my wife is also in her mid-thirties, about 5 foot 10, blonde with a nice figure and a very shapely pair of tits. 

Earl was a stereotypical Midwest farmer. Sun and wind burned, it would have been difficult to pin an age on him if I didn't know he was in his 70s. 

Sissy, his daughter/granddaughter (long story) was the polar opposite. She was almost six foot tall and drop dead gorgeous. At one time or the other she held most if not all of the crowns from the local beauty contests and a few state crowns. Now at 22 (or was it 23?), she had retired from the pageant circuit and was cashing in the various scholarships for a degree at a local community college. 

Katie, as mentioned was Earl and Sissy's lawyer. She was early 40ish, tall and sexy as hell. She had been described to me as a dyke that occasionally sucked a dick, but our previous encounters showed she loved dicks at least as much as pussies.

After a quick round of hugs and a handshake, we settled down to look at the menu. Now before you start thinking small town diner, the head chef and his wife were 4 star chefs from a major city on the east coast and had studied in Paris, London, Berlin and Hong Kong. So for all the times we had eaten there, we rarely saw the same things on the menu twice (excepting breakfast which was a typical country breakfast menu). 

I am not sure how Earl (who owned the restaurant) managed to steal them away, but every time I talked to them, they seemed very happy to be away from the big city life.

After we had ordered, I turned Earl and said, "I told you last week I had a surprise for you, so this is as good a time as any." 

I reached into my pocket and slid a check across the table towards Earl. I was not expecting the explosion that came my way. 

"What the fuck is this??!??" he exploded. 

Taken aback I started to explain that this was the profit from the first 50 video games. 

He cut me off and said in no uncertain terms that I didn't owe him anything more than we agreed to and that he would be damned if he was going to take one cent more. 

By now he managed to piss me off and I leaned across the table so I was nose to nose with him. 

"Listen Earl, this check is made out to both you and Sissy and in 2 seconds more if you don't let me explain, I'm going to cross your name off and give it to her," I spit out crossly.

After what seemed like an eternity, Katie put her hands on our shoulders and pushed us both back into our chairs. 

"Earl, as your lawyer, I would counsel you to listen to why he thinks he needs to pay you additional monies," said Katie. 

Turning to me, she said, "You're up kid. This better be good."

"Thanks Katie," I began. "Earl, if you remember back to our original discussion about the value of these machines, I said that some of them were worth more and some were worth less. I have been cherry picking the first 50 for the ones that I want most in my collection and the ones that I know will bring the most when they are fixed up and resold. 

"What I have been doing is keeping track of every penny I spend on fixing the ones for sale and when they sell, I split the profit into two different bank accounts and that check represents your share of the profits. This may be the only check like this as the rest of the machines are less valuable and won't necessarily bring this kind of profit."

Earl looked at me and growled, "You done?" 

I nodded.

Earl took a deep breath and then began, "You promised to buy all of the machines for a fixed price, and I promised to sell them to you at that price. So far you have kept your word, until now and so have I. 

"Once you haul them away, you can burn them or sell them for a million bucks for all I care. They are yours. There is nothing in our agreement that you have to share your profit with me. I don't need it. And I don't want it." 

Since Earl had wound down, I decided to try a different tact. 

"Ok," I said trying to be reasonable. "Let me try this again, since I seem to have fucked up explaining things the first time.

"Earl, I agree 100% that this is not anything that is owed in the contract. But this is something I feel that I owe you as a friend. Friends don't take advantage of friends.

"This first batch of games was the best of the best. I ended up making more money than I had anticipated. I feel that as a friend I need to share the windfall with you. I know you have been using the money to fund Sissy's college, I thought this would help. It never crossed my mind that you would think I was trying to insult you. I respect you too much for that."

Earl's glare had softened to a scowl and then Katie interjected, "Earl, don't you think you owe your partner a little truth since he opened up to you?"

Earl glared at Katie for a moment and then his expression collapsed. 

"You're right, as always woman," he said. "Dammit all."

Turning to me Earl said, "She's right. It's my turn to apologize, to both you and to Sissy."

"Me?" said Sissy. "I don't have anything to do with your deal other than having my name on it."

Earl tilted his head and stared off into space, "Katie and I were going over my will before the three of you showed up and it kind of set me into a bad place. James, I took it out on you and I'm sorry. I'm glad you have been making money off those old machines. And Sissy, I'm sorry for lying to you all these years." 

Sissy's eyebrow went up but she didn't say anything.

Earl continued, "I've been living the poor bachelor farmer act for so long I sort of came to believe in it. 

"Katie handles the finances and I rarely have to think about it. But the reality is that I own a bit of property around here and it brings in some money every month."

Earl paused again to gather his thoughts, then continued, "I like the down to earth Sissy who has to work here at the restaurant for spending money and who knows how to catch and cook a chicken and milk a cow and all that practical stuff. I've been afraid of what it would do to that little girl if she knew she had all the money she wanted."

Earl's eyes pleaded for a reaction from Sissy but it was too soon. 

So he continued, "I don't know the exact numbers, but as you know, I own a bit of the commercial property in the county so it probably brings in $50 to $60K a month." 

Katie interrupted him, "Try double that," which earned her another glare from Earl.

"But that's why I took it out on you James. I don't need that check. I really don't need the money for the machines. It was just a way to gauge how honest you were. I just wanted to find someone who loves those old games and would take care of them and fix them up and find them homes."

Turning to Sissy Earl continued, "And I owe you an apology because I was afraid that if I was honest with you, you would go away to some big city college and I would lose you. But Katie started talking to me that you should go get a business degree so you could take over when I'm gone or sooner. 

"Poor Katie is spending about 80% of her time on all that property and her business is slipping in other areas."

The silence was deafening until Heather spoke up, "Mr. Earl. I'm proud of you. It takes a very big man to be able see that he has been acting badly to the ones he loves and then to do something about it." 

She then got up and went over and gave him a very loud wet kiss on the cheek and a big hug. I'm not sure if it was the kiss or the hug that smashed his face between her tits that caused the blush when Earl came up for air. But the tension had been broken, just in time as the food arrived.

The ensuing silence was due partially to the previous conversation as everyone was digesting the revelations, but mostly it was due to the delicious food.

Finally Earl broke the silence with, "So, James, what are your plans for today?"

"Well," I started, "assuming we are still partners, I was going to pull the next set of machines to take back and then spend some time rearranging things. We have been digging through the stack for the last six months and it is getting to be a mess in there."

Earl turned to Heather, "And you."

"I guess I'll just be hanging out with James," she said, "unless you have a better offer?"

"Well, Katie and I were going to go look at some property on the other side of town and possibly a couple of apartment buildings a little further out," said Earl.

"That sounds like a ton more fun than schlepping video games in a barn," Heather said, nudging me and holding her hand out. It took a second but I figured it out and slid the remote control into her hand. If she was going with Earl and Katie and Sissy, I wouldn't need it.

"I think I'll go with James," Sissy said. "I might not be able to lift one of those games if one fell on him, but I can at least call for help."

"Thank you for your vote of confidence," I said crossly. 

"Any time" she said with her best imitation of Heather's 500,000 watt smile.

"All right, why don't we meet up at 6 at the Rusty Nipple or whatever Jimbo is calling his rat trap these days," said Earl.

"I think it's called the Rusty Nickle, Pops," said Sissy. "But that sounds like a plan".

We all got up and headed for our vehicles. Earl and Katie and Heather headed to Katie's car and Sissy and I headed for my truck. As I went around the truck to get the door for Sissy, she turned, gave me a big wet kiss and grabbed my cock through my shorts. 

"You are mine for the whole afternoon," she said and she handed me a little pink remote control. The day was looking up as I thumbed the button and turned up the heat.

It wasn't long and we were back at the barn moving games. The afternoon passed very quickly. I would move the machines; Sissy would spot them to make sure they didn't tip over. Periodically I would thumb the remote and give her a treat. 

Finally, it was done. They were all rearranged back into nice neat rows. As we were admiring our work, I thumbed the remote and set it into an accelerating pulsing pattern that really pushed Sissy's love button. 

"Get your dick over here and fuck me you son of a bitch. You have been teasing me all afternoon and now I want the real thing," Sissy screamed.

I didn't quite run over to her but she already had her shirt off and was working on the snaps of her shorts by the time I got there. I slid up behind her and grabbed her tits and rubbed my palms over her nipples. They were hard and a moan escaped her lips when I touched them. 

A second later I felt her shorts hit our feet. She stepped out of them completely naked except for the vibrating Venus butterfly and turned to unbuckle my belt and pull my shorts down. As my erection bounced out free at last, she corralled it with a steady hand and wrapped her lips around the head and began a steady in and out motion. 

It was exquisite, but I was not going to shoot my wad that easily. I pulled her up by her shoulders and spun her around until my cock was poking between her ass cheeks. 

She said "I'm not taking the butterfly off, so you are going to have to fuck me in the ass." 

I knelt down and began to lubricate her brown eye with my tongue while I fumbled in my shorts until I produced a small packet of flavored lube. I tore it open and drizzled a generous quantity on her ass crack, working it into her anal canal with my thumb. Just penetrating her with my thumb set her off on a rocking orgasm so I took my opportunity and slid the head of my cock into her ass. 

My original idea was to slowly work my cock into her ass slowly and gently, but Sissy had other ideas. 

Just as I entered the tight ring of her sphincter she pushed back and swallowed the entirety of my cock into her ass. With that, her orgasm erupted on a higher plane. She let loose an incoherent stream of moans and phrases along the lines of, "Fuck that's good" and "Deeper". 

When she started to quiver I thought she was going to fall over and probably would have if I wasn't supporting her on my dick and holding her by her tits. Finally she stopped shaking and just leaned back onto me. 

"Oh. My. Gawd. That was good," she said. "I think that was only my second whole body orgasm and it was fucking insane. Please keep fucking my ass. The butterfly is starting to get me off again and this time I want to feel your meat sliding in my ass."

Being a gentleman I tried to oblige her by slowly working my cock in and out of her ass. It only took about a dozen strokes and she started quivering and I could feel her orgasm building again. I pulled my cock all the way out of her ass and then slid it all the way back in to the balls in one swift stroke and that broke the dam and she was awash in another shuddering orgasm. 

When she came around a few seconds later, in typical womanly fashion, she looked at her watch and went, "Oh crap, it's almost 5 and we need to shower and change and get up to the Rusty Nickel." 

She pulled off of my cock and grabbed her clothes and started to get dressed. Seeing my face, she came over and jacked my cock a few times, sucked on the head and then said, "Don't look so glum. I have a surprise for you tonight that I think you will really love. So get dressed and let's go. And please turn the butterfly off or we won't get anywhere."

A couple minutes later we were at Sissy's house and a couple more minutes later I was showering while she laid out clothes for the night. We switched and I got dressed while she showered. I also unpacked a few things while she was showering. 

Never let it be said that a woman can't get dressed in a hurry, if it suits her. Fifteen minutes after I got out of the shower, we were bouncing down the road heading into town like there were no traffic laws.

At 6:01 we pulled up in front of the Rusty Nickel which from the looks of it had all the trappings of a titty bar. I looked at Sissy and briefly enjoyed the vision of her boobs bouncing loose inside that gingham dress as we bumped up the driveway. 

"We are meeting at a titty bar?" I asked her. 

"Yep," she said, "A first class titty bar with the best steaks in the county."

"Damn. I knew I should have packed looser pants. Between you leaving me hanging and the promise of something big tonight and now naked titties staring me in the face, my poor pecker is going to explode," I whined.

"Oh, quit your whining. If it gets too bad, Heather and I will take you into the back and suck your dick until you shoot all over our faces," she said. "Or if you are really lucky we'll corral some of those titties to help out and you can shoot for distance with an audience."

I hope nobody noticed, but I was walking a little funny as we headed for the door. Just as we got to the door, Sissy said, "I think we beat them here. I don't see Pop's truck or Katie's car."

"Isn't that them just pulling in," I said. 

She squinted and said, "Yes, that's them. Amazing. For once I beat the old man to an appointment." 

Her smile just said she ate the canary.

The three of them met us and Earl was in a grumpy mood. Katie just said, "He's mad because I talked him out of buying an office building." 

"It's the nicest fucking office building in this part of the county" Earl said loudly.

"And it can't keep more than 40% occupied and it would be an extra 15 minute drive. So no, it is a bad investment. Let them lose some more money and we'll go look again," Katie responded quietly. 

She grabbed his arm and softly told him, "I really appreciate the offer, but I am happy where I am and like I said, it's an extra 15 minute drive. End of discussion. And no, I don't have a birthday coming up." 
