 Sometimes it is not the sex but some kind of connection that makes it wonderful. Sue is one person for whom my lust was so intense that her name gives me a hard-on. Our sex is quite straightforward but it is so intense that we become blind and oblivious to our environment. Due to our own careers Sue had to leave my city. It had been more than six months with 'howdy' email exchanges and not even a phone call. 

Then one day I get a call that she is back to the city. A rush of blood went to my head and woke up all the nerves. I could feel the heat in my ears and a stirring below. Then we talked and how much we missed each other. We both just wanted to meet. Instead we felt a little anticipation would be a nice touch. I suggested that we video our session so we have something to bank on in our absence. We decided to meet at my apartment after work. I will go home earlier and light up the place for the video. We just melted in each other's words so much that our breathing got heavier with long pauses. As I disconnected, I was hard as hell, luckily I was well covered behind my large table in my own office. 

The rest of the day went slowly with a boner all the time. My shirt and pants were micro-fiber materials so soft that I was tenting prominently. I decided to stay put. During the day we exchanged some erotic emails making the day more intense. Finally, it was time to go and I rushed out. I reached home and started setting up the place, lighting and the camera was on tripod. Then I went to the bathroom to freshen up. I am an average guy. I am about 150 pounds, 5'10" height with lean muscles. I work out and play just to keep myself in decent shape. Down there I am ok, 6 inches but quite thick and curved. And I am brown, so my skin has different shades. I remembered Sue. She is petite, 5' and 110 pounds. She is very fair with 33C, 28, 34 for the record. But the curves are well pronounced and she has a wide hip, long legs. Her brown flirty eyes, beautiful lips and short black hair adds to her statistics. 

We decided to look formal for the video. So I was still wearing my formal blue shirt and grey trousers and she said that she was in a deep red top with a black skirt till the knee. No stockings but what's under is not for my ears but for my eyes. OK so I waited. After a while I got a call that she has pulled into the parking lot. I did a last minute check on the video camera to make sure angle and lighting was correct and hit the record button. I stepped out and went down to receive. There she was. One would barely notice much in her attire, but when I know I am going to have sex everything stood out. The nice curves on her breast that I could faintly see the seams of the bra. She was well buttoned up but I could see her thin chain stopping short of the slight bulge that disappeared under her top. The well-formed calf disappeared under her black skirt that had a very short slit on the sides exposing the thighs a little bit. Watching her coming towards me was painful, as I was feeling so intense. I opened the main door and she gave me a hug. The smell and the touch were electrifying as I held her hand. She just gripped it and closed her eyes for a second. 

We walked up the stairs. Luckily there was no-one around as we brushed each other. Not a word came out, that's later. I opened the door and she saw the video. I closed the door behind her and she was straight ahead facing the video not knowing what to do. The ominous blinking red light indicated we were on tape. Without a word I just grabbed her from behind. And our long awaited session began. I stooped a bit to dig my lips into her neck and she just lifted both her arms and held my head. Because of the height difference my hips were not reaching her behind. My hand wrapped around her stomach and gave a push towards me as I thrust myself forward. Regaining the balance for a moment I thrust my pelvis into her ass. She responded gracefully and began a slow grinding motion of the hip. I moved my hands from her hips to her breasts and started rubbing them. I could feel her nipple growing as she gave a soft moan and whispered 'Jay'. 

My lips were sucking her neck and ear lobes as she moved her hand to stroke my hard on through the clothes. And then she turned and pushed me against the wall and just threw herself onto me. With a bent knee and spread legs she fit into my frame and our lips were united. After 6 months it had a nostalgic feeling as our tongues probed. Now her back was on the video with our passionate kiss rolling. At this moment, I was squeezing her bottoms and slowly lifted her skirt without losing the squeeze. And now I felt her soft skin and start of the panties. A quick peek at the LCD screen that was swiveled to face us revealed a light colored panty. Then I was back to business. I held her bottom to me as I dry humped her. Then in a quick motion I turned her against the wall, that's more conventional. The video was at an angle so it was recording Sue's front view obstructed partly by me. At this time I lifted the front of her skirt and felt her mound. Yes, she had cropped her hair really short for me and she was wet through the 100% cotton panties. The wetness instead of wicking as in a polyester or silk actually spreads all over. That's my taste. We were still kissing passionately with moans and groans and she had closed her eyes. As I said we get blind in our passionate times. As I rubbed her under, with a swift and hurried move I unzipped my pants. Sue responded by thrusting further to continue feeling as the back of my hand rubbed through her panties. I could sense that she is going to have a mini-orgasm. With the buttons and belt still one, I pulled down my underwear and held my penis. I could sense the pre-cum wet my fingers as I thrust forward into her. I just made a short circular movement of my penis against her panties. I must have hit the spot she gasped and convulsed a bit. I started humping her She put her head on my shoulders as I gripped her bottom into me. 

My thrust grew harder and faster and she came once more and collapsed on my shoulders. And slowly we came to our senses. I almost came but had to hold back. I released the grip on her bottoms and my hands now were rubbing the shoulder. We were now looking into each others eyes as we slowly gyrated against each other. Her skirt fell except for the front part that was held up by my penis. It must be making an erotic sight in the video. It is time to play the second part. 

Reluctantly she moved to the long sofa and sat in a corner. Once again I placed the video at an angle so it would capture her front more. I didn't bother to put my hard on back. Wet and glistening, Sue did not take her eyes away. I adjusted the focus and satisfied, I hit the record button again. I sat next to her. She gently held my penis and didn't do anything. I stroked her hair and took a loving deep look into her face. That's when we spoke 'how are you?' We spoke softly and caringly. I told her that she looks great now, the new job must be good. As we spoke my hands wandered and was soon rubbing near her color bone. My lips brushed her cheek and slowly her hands started moving on my penis. And my finger started unbuttoning her top. After the second I noticed her black bra and bent down to kiss her neck. More buttons came off and the video can now see the bra and her exposed half of breasts. All the buttons were off and my hands were now moving down. Once in a while I will thrust my hip into emptiness. And she would tactically respond by rubbing the head of my penis with her bare knee. 

I start to suck her nipples through her bra. The other hand is now pulling the skirt above. She was lost in her world the hands had stopped massaging but started to pull my penis towards her. The skirt had now ridden well above and I can see her panties. It was pink floral with a nice lace and my finger started rubbing her slit over the panties. Now I can't let my humping the air. I kneel down on the floor and she moved to the edge. I make a palm as though to slap and hold her pussy such that the base of my palm is rubbing her most sensitive area. She grinds into my hand and tries to reach my penis. Now I move into her. We are too hot for anything. With a single move, my belt and buttons are off. The pant and underwear are now at my knees and I start humping her. My both hands are now squeezing her tits. Deftly I put aside her bra strap exposing her beautiful breasts. They are round and soft with a slight bounce that radiates all over her chest. 

I think she too had lost it and with her fingers she parts the panties. I am so lost I don't realize till there was a change of temperature down there. There was a brief moment when I saw her with the panty pulled aside, one breast exposed, her red top completely open but still hanging, skirt high up. My shirt buttons had come off. Her hand was holding the base of my penis ready to guide into her. The tip of my penis was slightly rubbing her slit. It was so intoxicating. Both of us took a moment to look into the LCD and yes it was capturing it all. We looked at each other and there I pushed in. Wow, it was hot, she closed her eyes and turned her head side ways. I dropped myself forward with my hands catching her shoulder from behind and pressing downwards. Her legs wrapped around my back and pulled me into her. I almost bit her shoulder and her nails dug into my back and practically she was hanging to me with only her ass on the sofa. 

I waited for a moment to feel the heat and start moving. This was a deep slow move without pulling out the penis. I pull out only half an inch and then thrust deep into her. I wave slightly sideways and repeat. She was gone and I can't even see her face. The video was capturing this, much to my pleasure later. Now the smell of sweet perfumes was replaced by the musky body odors. Her was disheveled as my thrusts became faster. I can't hold on anymore. And now I pull out almost fully to give shift thrust. That had a different effect as she put her head back hanging with my lips on her breast, in a classic stance. I whispered in a feverish tone ' Sue I am coming'...She pulled the hair above my neck and pulled into her tightly....'come dear...me too'. Her legs were now tight wrapped and moving slowly like a python crushing its victim. My thrust gets a little faster. That's it. I convulse to have my orgasm first and the brain almost shuts down. And I came hard and long. Phew....as we relax without moving. We just look into each other smiling. Little beads of sweat were rolling our faces. We relaxed our grips and she fell back. I was still in her, convulsing less intensely still cumming!! I put my palm against her face that was now on facing away from me. She was kissing. Then I collapsed on her with my face on her breast. 

We must have been like that for sometime. By this time, my penis had come out and we were both dripping our juices. I slowly got up and stopped the recording and sat next to her. She was not moving at for a while. She was such a beautiful sight that I didn't want to touch her. Aah, it was time for a break and a bath that was out part three. 

I got some wipes and cleaned her up as she looked at me in a daze. In the process I had stripped completely. I got some water and juice to regain our lost energy. We kissed warmly. She seemed to refuse to move. So I started stripping her meticulously. She was looking at my eyes all the time. I was on the floor kneeling to do all this and soon she just fell on me. We held each other for a while, brushing the hair, stroking the eyebrows etc. Then I got up went to the bathroom readied the camera. No dramatic angle, as there was little room for creativity. 

Our shower started. At first we were just holding each other and feel the water. I was half hard by now rubbing her just below the naval. This is a very soft spot. She moved and started kissing my chest. Then she kissed the nipple. Now that sets me on fire instantly. With an argh...my back curved backwards and the fully hard member pushed into her stomach. She aggressively moved and started sucking my nipples. She started biting and nibbling and that drove me crazy. I started grabbing her bottoms into me, moving randomly only get myself into her. She was teasing. This time she was in total control. With the other hand she held my penis and started moving still sucking my nipples. They were sore now and I was crazy. I don't know what I was doing. My hands would grab her breast or nipples and then immediately pull her ass to m, bend down so that my penis would try to touch her slit. This dance went on till she stopped and turned around with her back against me. 

I couldn't wait and I thrust her from behind. A low hoarse sound came from her acknowledging. This time there was no build up. No need, I was just wildly thrusting into her holding her upper thighs. One finger was rubbing her clit. Another hand was squeezing her breasts. It was all beyond control and once in a while she would turn around to look at me. My eyes were half closed and I was ready to cum. I don't think she came rather she was enjoying me. I hit hard and came rapidly. 

We just lay in bed. We put away the video. We talked about what we did in the last six months. Our jobs. We snuggled naked into each other. Between long pauses we would wake up to ask a question, answer and go to sleep in satisfaction. Our lust was so intense that we had to do it a few times before morning to get back to our current state. But there was something different this time.