 It was a warm night, Eric could see Shannon across the bed in the darkly lit room. She was wearing his favorite night gown. The gown was clinging to her body. Eric reaches over and caresses Shannon's cheek and pulls her in for a kiss. 

As their tongues dance around in each others mouths, Eric's hand finds its way to her breast, after a time he pushes Shannon down on the bed and crawls on top of her. She lowers the straps on her night gown exposing her large bust. Eric slowly begins to suck on her nipples, switching from breast to breast all the while grinding his penis on her pussy. Her soft moans are enhancing his excitement. He slowly works his way lower, he can hear Shannon's breathing change in anticipation. 

He lifts her night gown to expose her freshly shaved pussy. He starts to lightly lick the outside of her pussy lips. He can feel Shannon start to grab handfuls of the bed in sheer pleasure. He slowly licks her vaginas inner lining all the time avoiding her button. She could hardly hold still. When his tongue finally got to her button he started sucking, driving her wild. She grabs the back of his head and pulls it tight against her pussy and locks him there with her thighs.

Her moans turn into screams as his tongue goes faster and faster. He could tell she was about to cum by her heavy breathing. Her moans were getting louder and her thighs are quivering. She's squirting her cum onto his face. As she gets louder and louder and more excited she starts bucking her pelvis. He could feel her body orgasm then her grip on his headline loosens.

Eric reaches his hands under her ass and buries his face harder into her pussy. He feels her whole body shutter and squirm under him. All of a sudden she starts screaming "Im cuming I'm cumming". 

Eric pulls his head back to sees another heavy stream of fluid flow from her pussy. He sticks his tongue out and presses it on her clitoris and starts to move it in circles. She starts screaming at the top of her lungs " oh my god, oh oh" she's squirming so much he's having a hard time keeping ahold of her. He then feels her whole body stiffen and she squirts more cum all over his face. 

After her orgasm he looked into her eyes, she couldn't wait to kiss his face. As she pulled him on her she felt the rigidness of his cock press against her.

Eric slides of Shannon and rolls over to reach the nightstand to get a towel to dry his face. Shannon's orgasm completely drenched his goatee. As he rolled over Shannon sees his large throbbing penis, hard and waiting.

She scoots down and takes his cock in her hand and gives it a couple hard strokes. She starts to tease him by licking around the tip of his cock and playfully biting it. She looks at him and gets a sly smile on her face.

Shannon reaches over and sets up the iPad to record. She knows this will really excite him. Shannon then starts sucking on his penis, sliding the shaft in and out of her mouth. She's sucking on the large head of his cock and playfully biting it harder than she was before.

Now she's bobbing up and down on his cock. She presses her finger against his butt hole. She feels him tense up, she pulls her finger away from his ass. She then takes his cock deep down her throat and holds it. Then slowly slides it back out. 

She again starts sucking his cock bobbing her head up and down. She bites the head of his cock and again presses her finger against his ass. This time he doesn't tense up.

She starts to rub her finger in circles on his hole. She can hear soft moans come from him. She lubes up her finger with her saliva And pushes her finger hard against his hole and his back arches thrusting his cock down her throat.

She slides his cock out of her mouth and reaches over and opens the nightstand drawer. She gets the tube of lube and places some on her fingers and starts to rub his ass again. 

As she rubs his ass she strokes his cock with her other hand and licks around the head and shaft. After awhile she has his ass covered in lube and he seems to be relaxed. She takes his cock down her throat and slides it out dragging her teeth up the shaft. When she gets to the head she playfully bites it and slips the tip of her finger into him and he lets out soft moan. Now she starts rubbing her finger in circles inside his ass.

She slowly adds more finger into him while she's strokes his cock. She adds more lube to his ass and continues to stroke his cock and finger him. She has slowly worked her finger up to the second knuckle. She puts his cock back in her mouth and slide it past her uvula and into her throat. She again slowly slides his cock out raking her teeth on his shaft. At the same time she slides her finger all the way in his ass.

He arches his back and moans loudly. She holds her finger in him and then starts pumping it in and out. It doesn't take long and she can feel his body stiffen. She starts sucking harder and faster, wiggling her finger inside of him, knowing what's about to happen. 

Eric's toes start to curl as her lips slide up and down the shaft of his cock and her finger pumps in and out of his ass. Then she pushes her finger in him as deep as she can. She feels his cock swell and pulsate in her mouth. Then comes the twitching and an explosion. 

Her mouth is instantly filled with cum. She swallows as fast as she can but there's too much cum. With each twitch she feels more cum shoot out of his cock. She feels it squirting out from between her lips and down her chin. There's never been this much cum, she's slurping and swallowing it up not wanting to waste any. 

She grabs the base of his cock, presses her finger against his prostate and milks the remaining cum out. She continues to suck his cock as it deflates. She removes her finger and goes for the towel he used earlier. She smiles remembering that she's recording this whole escapade. She looks at Eric and sees a big grin on his face. He must have enjoyed himself.

She tells him, "I love you", he tells her he loves her too. She reaches over and stops the recording. He pulls her up to him and wraps his arms around her and they lay there for awhile.