 NOTE: For those of you joining us for the first time, this story is a vignette from Rubirosa's series "Cock Star." The chronicle focuses upon the private life of a public figure. As the most accomplished porn star of modern times, Samson lives out popular male sex fantasies on a daily basis. This story focuses on our hero's early adventures when he was just an everyday high school gigolo and championship bodybuilder by the name of 'Lance Leo.' Lance has just turned 18 but already has become a size queen's wet dream. This story is just one of his many big cock seductions...

********

Lance had a small gym at home but he preferred using the weight room at school. The facility had much nicer equipment. Though he saved most of his energy for game days, the star athlete always pushed himself hard. After two sets of twenty pull-ups in a row, he favored a 300-lb bench press. Accordingly, the miraculous mesomorph was gaining muscle at an exceptional rate and dominated the gridiron as the starting quarterback for Peoria Tech. Though he generally ignored the coach's playbook, Lance always scored two or three touchdowns each game. He employed a simple strategy. After catching the ball, the teenage juggernaut mowed down everyone in his path until he crossed the end zone. By the middle of his first season, recruiters already were visiting the school to watch him in action.

Surprisingly, Lance did not entertain any ambitions for a career in football. The sport bored him. However, touchdowns allowed him to score in a more hedonistic field of endeavor. The alpha stud wanted to fuck every member of the varsity cheerleading squad. He had seduced ten out of twelve cheerleaders so far and the two holdouts had come to watch him lift that day. 

Though he initially amassed a female following due to his string of successes on the gridiron, the teen stud also attracted an audience of horny seniors to cheer on his weightlifting sessions. His afternoon workout had become a well-known ritual at Peoria Tech. After he finished lifting, Lance picked out one of the girls and took his star-struck fan back home to fuck the living shit out of her. 

The girls already were milling about the weight bench when he came out of the locker room. As his admirers greeted him with suggestive smiles and hungry looks, the 18-year old hunk peeled off his skintight tank top so they could take in his muscle-bound torso. Lance flashed a confident grin and struck a few bodybuilder poses. He had just qualified for the state finals of Mr. Teen Universe and wanted to practice a few moves in front of an audience. A couple chicks took out their phones. Lance photographed amazingly well. With his chiseled visage and flowing black mane of hair that reached the middle of his back, the athlete possessed the aura of a heavy metal heartthrob. Below the belt, however, Lance looked every inch the porn stud he one day would become. Speaking of which, he enjoyed quite a few more inches than his peers as revealed by the salami-shaped bulge in his cargo shorts. Lance held his smile as the cameras flashed. Yes, some guys did have all the luck. 

Though he never cared about social status, his popularity had been on the ascent as of late. Lance got away with things that others would not dare to attempt. On prom night, the star player brought not one but two seniors as dates. He slow-danced and necked with both of them at the same time. The muscular thug then got elected Prom King to the astonishment of his class. However, he did not get crowned. Lance had left with his dates already to find a hotel. 

After the flurry of wolf-whistles died down, he lay down on the weight bench and got down to business. The young Olympian loaded a huge number of plates onto the barbell. With 300 pounds on the bar, the varsity athlete broke the existing record for the one-rep bench press at his high school but Lance performed ten reps at that weight. He lifted the weight off its backrest holders and slowly lowered the bar to his chest. With a loud grunt, the teenage strongman hoisted the weight into the air and then brought it down once more. Smoothly and effortlessly, Lance cranked out rep after rep. 

"Nine! Eight! Seven!" called out the crowd like a countdown to New Year's. 

Lance felt a familiar and not unpleasant burn in his muscles as adrenaline surged through his blood. The lifts actually became lighter as he continued. Lance actually could feel himself growing bigger and stronger. While other 18-year olds had reached their physical and sexual peak, the teen stud's hormones had just shifted into overdrive. In a matter of months, he gained more muscle mass than many bodybuilders acquired in a lifetime. 

Though the government swore him to secrecy, Lance confided to several girlfriends that he was experiencing an enhanced form of puberty. Before dying in combat during a Navy SEAL operation, his father volunteered him to become part of a top secret medical study at Fort Benning. The experimental drug had been intended to stimulate muscle growth by elevating the subject's testosterone levels. However, it also caused an unintended "side effect" that delighted the budding Don Juan. His already impressive genitalia underwent a growth spurt in his late teens. The waiver he signed warned about a condition called "megalopenis" but the fine print in the contract ran for fifty pages. Lance had not appraised the consequences of his decision at the time. Had he done so, the teen would have signed even faster. Uncle Sam had transformed him into a superhuman athlete with a bionic tool. 

"Six! Five! Four!"

His admirers gathered around the bench in a huddle. He could feel the heat of their nubile bodies. The pleasing aroma of wet pussy filled his nostrils. Lance had to restrain himself from sprouting an erection. The teenage hunk loved the adulation of his female following. Lance quietly mused which cheerleader he would fuck that afternoon. Marla looked ripe for the plucking. The buxom brunette had just broken up with her boyfriend. On the other hand, Ann had slipped him her phone number after practice that week. The tall blonde showed a lot of leg below her short skirts. He wondered what it would feel like to have them wrapped around his back. 

"Three! Two! One!"

Lance replaced the bar on its holders with a loud iron clank. As he caught his breath, the door to the weight room swung open. 

"Sorry, ladies," boomed a female voice. "Gym is closed today for maintenance. Time to go home."

Lance's pack of groupies grumbled with annoyance. The teenage hunk glared at Ms. Johnson. 

"Listen, teach," he explained. "Tomorrow is a game day. I need to prepare."

"Then you ought to show up at practice. The coach hasn't seen you all week." 

"I was busy, Ms. J."

"Busy with what?"

Lance declined to offer an explanation. He had not practiced with the team lately because the teenage Casanova banged cheerleaders most afternoons. 

"What are you looking at?" barked Ms. Johnson to Ann and Marla. "Move on out."

As his groupies sullenly filed out of the room, the teacher strutted over to the weight bench. Lance shot a defiant stare at Ms. J. 

"So let me ask you again. Why did you miss practice?" 

"I need a new jockstrap," he finally told her.

Lance had not lied. Like any growing teen, he often experienced erections at inappropriate times. Unlike his peers, however, his tool got so big and hard that it often tore a hole in his jeans. After sprouting a boner on the football field, his ten-inch python snapped the elastic straps affixed to the waistband and pouch of his jockstrap. Fortunately, the coach excused him from practice until the athletic department could order a custom-sized model for his unusual equipment. 

"Fuck it," he told her. "I can work out at home." 

However, no sooner did he sit up to leave then the teacher shoved him back down on the bench.

"Where do you think you are going?" she snapped. "Our star quarterback needs to prepare for the big game. Let's see you pump some iron." 

Lance growled with irritation. The teacher not only had interrupted his workout. She nixed his favorite cool down exercise -- banging a chick. Lance grabbed the bar in a white-knuckled death grip. It flew off the bench as if the load weighed nothing. Lance cranked out rep after rep with barely a pause. Nothing fueled an intense workout like anger. 

"Is that all you got?" mocked the teacher. "Let's go for 350." 

Without asking for permission, Ms. Johnson slid more plates onto the barbell before Lance performed his next set. The added weight slowed him down. With great effort, Lance cranked out each rep. After barely making it to ten, the teen hunk looked up to see her gazing down at him. Lance had a perfect overhead view of her big titties. Even compressed beneath a sports bra, her D-cups jutted out of her chest like a pair of melons. 

"OK, let's do another set," she told him in a softer voice than before. 

As he slowly lifted the bar, the buxom blonde knelt down to caress the distended muscles of his chiseled torso. The heel of her palm glided over the thick slabs of his bulging pecs, feeling the breastplate of muscle surge with tension as he powered the massive weight into the air and held it up for several seconds. Her fingers crept lower, tracing the deep rifting of his perfectly sculpted eight-pack abs. Lance grinned. He could tell where things were about to head. 

"So I've been hearing things, Lance," she began flirtatiously. "I've been hearing things about you in the locker room. The girls talk about how much they love getting fucked by your big stud cock. Generally, I don't take locker room talk too seriously. We joke about guys as much as you dudes joke about girls. But I overhear comments almost every period of gym class. It sounds like you laid half the female student body. You know some of your girlfriends never came with a guy before. I guess you're opening a whole new world to them. Is that what they tell you?"

Before Lance could say a word, she fished something out of her purse. 

"Still, I figured they might be exaggerating until I found this in the mail." 

She held up Lance's custom-sized XXL jockstrap before dropping it on top of his chest. The teen stud didn't answer at first. Lance still had three more reps to complete and not even a MILF could disrupt his focus on a good workout. So Ms. Johnson used the lull in their conversation to seize the initiative. She climbed onto the weight bench and straddled his waist. Lance finally dropped the barbell into its holders with a loud clank. 

"You ever get a lapdance before, hon?" inquired the buxom brunette as she ground her crotch against his. No sooner did his hands reach out toward her rack than she grabbed his wrists and pinned them back against the steel bar. 

"Not so fast," she grinned. "You've got to earn it." 

Before that afternoon, Lance never really noticed Ms. Johnson. She was a new hire at the school and they seldom crossed paths. That would soon change. Bev looked like a bustier version of Jillian Michaels. The gym teacher sported a very hard body with sinuous cords of muscle winding around her shoulders, back, and legs. However, she was still very much a lady. Even though Ms. Johnson spent two hours a day performing cross fit, she had a nice juicy rack that not even a compression bra could hide. But perhaps Lance prized her smile most of all. She had a perfect set of bright, white teeth that struck a bold contrast with her darkly tanned complexion. Bev boasted a Cheshire grin as she held him down. She was enjoying this game.

"Don't worry," she reassured him. "The janitors went home early. It's just you and me kid."

Lance playfully tried to wriggle his wrists out of her grip but she continued to restrain him." 

"Twelve," she ordered him. "I want you to bench that weight twelve times."

"But I barely reached ten," he complained.

"Twelve," she repeated firmly. "Just this one last set. That is, if you want to fuck me..." 

No matter how long the odds, Lance never backed down from a challenge. And the teen stud hardly couldn't imagine anything he wanted more at that moment than to bury his schlong inside the gym babe's hot steamy cunt. After taking a deep breath, Lance lifted the bar into the air. 

"One...Two...Three," she counted in a husky voice as she instinctively ground her hips against his crotch in rhythm with each rep. The fitness babe ran her tongue over her lips. She admired his muscle-bound torso, his pecs and abs straining beneath a bright sheen of sweat. Bev felt something stir between her legs. A giant bulge throbbed underneath his shorts. She couldn't see it yet but the shaft felt huge. Noting her reaction, Lance flashed a grin of his own. 

"Four...Five...Six," panted Bev. Lance paused for a moment to admire her. She was now breathing harder than he was. He ground the bulge against her crotch suggestively. Lance could feel the heat of Bev's pussy beneath her tight workout shorts. Unable to resist, the hardbodied brunette plunged her hand between her thighs. He could see her fingers wriggling underneath the Lycra fabric as she played with her clit.

"What are you looking at?" she moaned. "Keep going." 

"Seven...Eight...Nine..." growled Lance under his breath as he pushed himself through each rep. Bev began to lose it. Her lips parted slightly as a quiet gasp exited her mouth. She fixed her gaze on his straining torso, admiring how the demanding workout jacked the pectorals, lats, and triceps of his superhero physique. Bev almost could smell the testosterone oozing out of his pores as Lance heaved the massive weight into the air one more time. "FUCK!" bellowed the teenage manbeast in a deafening baritone that echoed through the gym. A shudder ran up her spine as she mashed her hand against her wet pubic mound. Bev had hooked up with senior jocks before but no one them excited her like he did. Lance was bigger and stronger than any man she ever had been with.

Lance paused again. He looked winded but his teacher gave him no quarter: "You think you're a stud, then finish your set! No pain, no pussy!" Thus motivated, Lance cranked out the last two reps with a renewed burst of energy and dropped the weight in the rack. A loud clank of finality reverberated in the weight room. Lance closed his eyes for a moment. He needed a moment to assess the situation. Even though he practiced a heavily accelerated form of seduction on many females, Ms. Johnson came as a novelty. She turned from foe to flirt to FWB in a matter of minutes. Even for a super-player like Lance, the reversal of fortune represented a stunning turnaround. She was his. And now that he assumed his customary position of dominance, the alpha teen did not plan to let her off too easy. 

Without warning, Lance bolted upright on the bench so that he now sat face-to-face with Bev, her thighs still straddling his crotch. He swiftly closed in for a kiss, rocking her ass in his lap. As she continued to finger her pussy, Lance felt her stiffen for a moment in sudden orgasm. The spasm was short, sharp, and spontaneous. Dipping his hand into the front of her shorts, he withdrew her moist finger and brought it up to his lips. 

"I bet a ten-and-a-half-inch cock would feel better than that finger," he noted. His serpentine tongue darted out of his mouth and coiled around her digit. The prehensile ribbon of muscle wound all the way around Bev's index finger once and then a second time. Lance winked at her audaciously, gauging her reaction. Ms. Johnson also heard many of her students raving about his oral skills but she figured the comments about his tongue were bullshit. They were not. He had the tongue of a Gila monster. Bev exhaled slowly, trying to maintain her composure. The teacher felt the last vestiges of her authority quickly withering away. Ms. Johnson liked to be in control of a situation, be it professional or personal. However, before she could open her mouth to speak, Lance grabbed her finger and pressed it upon her lips. 

"Shhhh," he whispered. "Not a word. We don't want to get in trouble. I can't help what the cheerleaders say about me. When you rock the world of an 18-year old chick for the first time, she won't stop talking about it with her friends. But when I get down with an older babe, we keep things discreet."

Bev shifted her weight in his lap. An unspoken question lay upon her lips.

"Don't worry, teach. I just turned 18. Barely legal is still 100% legal."

As he spoke, Lance silently undid the hooks of her sports bra with one hand. With the other, he slid the hairband off of her ponytail. Bev shook out her hair and revealed a lovely brunette mane with foil highlights.

"Stand up, babe," he murmured. "Let's see what you got." 

As Beverly got to her feet, she glanced down at Lance's shorts. A forearm-sized erection tented the front of his cargo shorts. She'd never seen a guy with a bulge like that. Not even in porn. 

"Yeah, Bev. That's why the coach lets me wear cargo shorts in gym class. I'm too well-hung for anything shorter. My schlong hangs below the hemline." 

Lance stood up from the bench and undid the drawstring of his shorts. He yanked down the garment and his erection sprang into the air. Ten plus inches of wrist-thick cock pointed straight at Bev. He took a step towards her and his organ poked her right in the belly. Lance grinned at his predicament. He wanted to close in for another kiss but his boner blocked their way. 

"Looks like I got cockblocked again," he joked. "Can we still be friends?"

"Friends with benefits?" laughed Bev.

"Friends with some very big, thick, and explosive benefits," grinned Lance as he reached behind her to undo the last hook of her sports bra. Her jugs spilled out of their voluminous cups. Lance looked impressed. 

"Nice, Ms. J," he noted. "You can hide a lot under a compression bra." Bev looked a bit put off by his salacious compliment but Lance did not back down. "I bet I love your big titties just as much as you love my big cock." 

Bev laughed again. The kid had better game than men twice his age. Without missing a beat, he knelt down to unzip her shorts and peel them down her thighs. Just her panties remained. The garment was soaked with her juices. "I love the scent of wet pussy in the morning," enthused Lance as he casually untied her panties. "It smells like... victory."

As soon as the garment pooled on the floor, Lance dropped down in front of her and reached around the hard globes of her ass, pulling her crotch towards his face. The teenage Lothario inhaled her musk and let out a deep growl of satisfaction. His tongue gently probed her labia, savoring the taste of her love nectar upon his lips. Beverly's clit throbbed urgently but its need did not distract him from the tantalizing task of swabbing her crack. He maintained a gentle but persistent licking as his teacher impatiently thrust her hips forward, propelling her pussy towards his teasing tongue. Lance held his ground so she threw one of her legs over his shoulder and pressed harder against his face. He responded by leaning back until she threw her other leg over his shoulder. With both her thighs draped over his back, Lance tightened his grip upon her hips and slowly stood up, lifting his lover off the floor. 

"Holy shit!" Bev gushed as her head rose toward the high ceiling of the weight room. Lance was so strong that he had plucked her right off the ground without so much as a grunt of exertion. The face-to-cunt position allowed him a lot of control. As he explained to her later, Lance could raise and lower her body at will to change the amount of pressure and area of focus exerted by his tongue. 

As soon as they gained their bearings, Lance bat her throbbing clit back and forth with the tip of his tongue. He flicked it with the pace and accuracy of a boxer hitting a speed bag. Bev felt a shudder of bliss rocket up her spine. The teen stud was giving her incredible head. And he performed it while holding her up in the air with his bodybuilder arms. His prowess astonished her. 
