 Stories in this series were an attempt to write about sex from a woman's perspective. I really did want to write about an older woman who becomes a willing, insatiable slut for men with big cocks. But as I began to write, she had to go through other things first. For the reader, you will find a wide variety of adventures in these stories: lesbianism, domination and submission, toy play, casual sex, incest, and yes, sex with multiple men with large dicks. So if you only want to read about one topic, then go elsewhere. Writing these has been amazing – more and more adventures for Alana Mills keep lining up and beg to be written. I plan to drive this to the end of the string if there's a response and a demand. Along the way special thanks for inspiration goes out to silkstockingslover and her works. Enjoy, and feedback is encouraged and welcome.

*****

My name's Alana Mills, I'm 42 and recently divorced with three grown children. After 20 years of marriage to the same man, I woke up to the fact that my husband's dick was only 4 inches so his leaving for his secretary turned out to be a blessing in disguise. When my friend Sherrie saw pictures and told me he was abnormally small, it was really good news - that meant that my inability to orgasm during intercourse wasn't my fault! Try carrying that around for 20 years and see how you like it! Once I realized that, I began to seek out big cocks. I began to discover things – like I liked all kinds of sex. My first big cock my youngest daughter's boyfriend. With her blessings and her supervision and participation!

The day after I spent hours riding Andrew's big cock, I knew I need to do some work. I was determined to learn how to fit a big cock down my throat – I wanted to amaze my Mistress and anyone whose dick was going to fuck me. I went back to the Literotica store, where I still had a 9 inch realistic dildo in my shopping cart, so I ordered it and completed the purchase. 

That got me horny enough to pull out my little pocket rocket and buzz my way to a clitoral orgasm that left me warm and fuzzy. I decided to call my friend Sherrie and fill her in on what went on. 

"Sherrie? It's Alana, can you talk?"

"Absolutely! I'm dying to know how it went! Tell me all about it!"

"Well, I certainly got a big cock to try last night. He's about 10", thick and hard. I could only get the head of his cock in my mouth – it wouldn't get into my throat. He didn't seem to mind, of course, since an older woman knows a lot about how to work a cock. Yes, he came in my mouth, and yes, I swallowed every drop." 

"Well of course you did! What else?" she asked.

"Well, Robin set up a camera to film everything..."

"You have video? Holy shit! Weren't you nervous?"

"No, I kinda liked the idea that it was being recorded. I decided I was going to let it all hang loose. When Andrew was done and recovering, I obeyed my mistress and spent the same energy on her deliciousness; while I was doing that, Andrew got hard again and took me doggy style. Oh my fucking God! It was amazing! I thought it was something when the kids each came out – putting his big burrito cock IN was even more amazing. He was considerate – he took his time but eventually I had every inch in me. I thought it was going to come out of my throat."

"Did you love it? Isn't it the most amazing thing?" she asked.

"It certainly was amazing," I replied, "and I'm not sure I loved it but I know I need it again and again." We laughed together. "Is that why you're a size queen?" 

"Who were you talking to? How did you know?" she asked.

"Your friend Tina with the big boobs at the Adult Video store let it slip," I answered.

"I might have known," she muttered. "Well, she should know – she's had to special-order some toys for me, and then help me test them. For the purposes of customer satisfaction, she says, but she winds up pretty damned satisfied as well. She's also been an occasional source for the real thing, extra large."

"Well then it's good we're on intimate terms, isn't it?" I said. "Anyway, I need your advice or your assistance or something – I think big cocks deserve more than just fitting in my mouth. I want to amaze their owners and swallow them whole. Like it's my way of paying tribute to their magnificence, if that makes any sense." 

"Absolutely, I know exactly what you mean. I can help with that – I needed help when I first started out. Now I haven't met a big dick I can't swallow! You haven't lived until you've had one deep down your throat and felt it cum – the pulsing and throbbing, the hot spurts going straight into your belly, the look of ecstasy on the man's face – I get wet just thinking of it. It's like surrendering to your inner, ultimate sluttiness! There's nothing like it!"

"Damn, it's making me wet just hearing how much you like it. You have to help me!!"

"Oh, I will. What about your ass? Did you imagine it there?"

"NO! I've never done anal with anyone!"

"Well, if you are going to go for big cocks, and pay them tribute, then every hole you have is theirs. That means your ass, dear. I can help you with that as well. It could be a fun afternoon's practice. If you have your big man coming over tonight, we should get started soon."

"Well, Andrew said he was coming back" I answered.

"Andrew Sands? You started with him? I should have known – he's Robin's age, after all. He gets more pussy than anyone – certainly more than my ex got from me! That man-meat he has almost split me in two the first time I had him. And that's another reason we prepare your ass. He REALLY likes anal. He dropped almost all the girls his age because they turned him down when it came to their butts. If you want to keep him happy, prepare to give it up, and the sooner the better!"

By now I was in a chair, my pants on the floor and my fingers deep in my pussy. I was as aroused as ever, and almost forgot to reply to Sherrie. "Oh, gee, I, er, uh..."

"Alana, are you playing with yourself while I'm talking to you?" she laughed. "I've never had a phone sex call with another woman. Are you enjoying this? Are you imagining his giant cock at your pussy lips?"

I moaned and then I began to cum. I could hear her laughing in the background. "Ohhh. I can't believe how horny I've been. It's as if all you have to do is hint at sex and I'm wet and ready to go" I said. "Can I wear myself out?"

Her laughter deepened. "No, you silly bitch. But you might turn into a man, always thinking about sex and ready to fuck anything that moves. Ain't it fun?"

I grinned. "Yeah, it sure has been. Now when are you coming over and what do we need for this 'training?'"

We agreed to meet about 3 in my house. She planned to bring the "appropriate" toys and I would have lube and an enema bag. And she wanted it on video, so I had to set up a camera. With that we hung up, and I went to take a cold shower; I needed to go buy my share of the supplies.

I figured that rather than try a drug store, I'd go visit my friend Tina at the Adult Videos store. After all, she had been a big help when I first discovered what I had been missing. So I drove over, parked my car and went in. It took a moment for my eyes to adjust to the difference in lighting, but when I did, things seemed a bit different. At first, I thought it was simply that things had been moved – they do that in retail, right? I couldn't figure it out, but it didn't seem all that important. I spotted at least one guy over in the boobs section, his head down and a magazine open. I caught myself trying to see if he had anything of substance between his legs, but the angle was wrong. It looked like he had a nice ass, though. There was another guy in the gay magazine section who caught me checking out the butt of Mr. Boob and he winked at me! I smiled at him, and then figured I would find Tina. 

Hitting the little bell up front, I expected my 5 foot tall, big chested friend Tina to come out, but I was surprised. Instead of Tina, I was treated to the sight of a large man. A very large black man – at least 6'2", about 220, with broad shoulders and amazing pecs and biceps showing through his tight t-shirt. His head was shiny bald – he must have been an athlete at some point, judging by how he was built. I resisted the urge to look at his package – at least until we had made eye contact. 

"I was looking for Tina" I said. "But you're not her."

"Very astute. I'm not her. She's out for a week, had to fly home to where ever that is to take care of a family matter. I'm Jules. I'm her boss – I own this place. What can I do for you, Miss...?"

"I'm Alana. It's kind of personal – last time I was here Tina took very good care of me, and since we now know each other, I just simply assumed she'd be here and take care of me again."

"I can provide somethings Tina can't" he said, smiling. His teeth seemed amazingly white contrasted with his dark skin. He glanced down at himself and my eyes followed and I was hooked! He certainly could provide something she couldn't – the outline of a large cock was running down his pants leg. I simply stared at his, marveling at the length of it – and then it twitched and I giggled and looked up at his leering grin. 

"Yes, I guess you could" I said. "Is that why you own the company? So you can go fishing like that? Because you hooked me. I think I need a private consultation." I couldn't believe I was talking like this – but he had a cock as big as Andrew's, and I was in his Adult Video store, where the entire purpose was sex. There was no need to be shy about it. He had a big cock. I wanted more big cocks. The solution was simple.

"Well, if you will hold on, first let's get you what you came for, and then we'll do a private meeting. What did you need?"

"I have to squeeze large objects into tiny places, so I think I need some sort of lubrication. And then, I need the tools to clean and prepare a dirty passage for a new use," I said, trying to keep a straight face.

"Well, Alana, let's find what you came in for, and then maybe we can deal with what you really want," he said with a leer. Frankly, I leered back, my eyes glued to the long bulge running down his leg.

It didn't take long before he pointed me to the lubes, and suggested I get a water-based, lightly flavored brand. As for the enemas, it turns out there was a ready made, all in one butt cleaning set, including nozzles, tubes and chemicals. As he stood behind me, pointing out different items, his groin was pressed against the back of my legs and it was as if he had a blowtorch. My pussy was once again wet as I leaned against him, making sure to brush his arms with my boobs. I could feel that big dick stiffen when I did I had a rush of power. 

By this time, the store was empty. It was early afternoon, and I've since found that such places don't really have a lot of people in them until early evening. Want one to yourself? Go in as soon as they open and you'll have the run of the place. As we went back to the register, Jules locked the door and flipped the sign to closed. Then he invited me behind the front desk, which was on a raised platform. As I rounded the desk I came face to face with his crotch, since he was now standing above the floor level of the store. I stopped and stared, and then reached out to his knee and slowly felt my way up his leg, working around that big dong (I found I liked to build the suspense for men, so I tease. Maybe I could take lessons on cock teasing – but that was a brief thought. I was now running my hands up and down his bulging dick.

"You look a little uncomfortable, Jules. Like your confined and squeezed. Can I do anything to ease the discomfort?" I teased. 

"Yeah, bitch, you can stop your messing around and dig out what you really want. It's waiting for you. It's getting harder and harder for you. I have a big surprise for you, so get to it!"

"Well," I drawled, "I can see you have a big package there. I really wanted something else from Tina; I wanted her help in learning how to take a big cock down my throat. I think men with big cocks should be fully appreciated; that it's my purpose in life to worship men with huge dicks. Can you help me?" I fluttered my eyelids as my hands were working on his zipper. Soon I had his jean open and began to pull them down his legs, revealing a well muscled stomach and some amazing abs, as well as a forest of black, curly hair. 

He leaned on the counter. I kept pulling down his pants and his cock was being revealed to me. It was very different from Andrew's – it was very thick, and the base of it was a dark shade of brown. Almost black. I kept tugging at his pants leg and had at least six inches exposed and still more to go. He really did have a monster. Finally, I had his pants at his ankles and was face to face with his dick. I took a moment to simply look at it. On the one hand – it was simply a big dick. But more than that, it jutted out from his stomach as if the weight of it was pulling it down. Andrew's dick stood straight up; so did most of the men I had had sex with over the years. But Jules' throbbing black cock didn't have that same kind of urgent, pointing, gotta make it go down feel to it. His was simply a black snake with a flared head, some liquid coming from the piss slit, and his balls were huge! 

"I'm serious here, Jules. I want to be able to swallow that whole, but so far I can't get anything to open up my throat. You want to help me learn, or you just want to get your rocks off?"

"Hell of a choice you give me. Why can't I have both?" And with that he wrapped a big hand around his cock and held it straight out, and put his other behind my head. I didn't need anything else, the message was clear. I was going to suck the cum out of his big black dick because that's what he wanted and that's what his cock deserved.

My lips parted and slowly, every so slowly, he began to work the head of his cock around my mouth. First getting that precum to coat my lips, then rubbing the entire surface all over my face and pulling me into his balls. I had a flash of inspiration and started on his ball sack. The big nuts inside were slippery, and it took something but eventually I had one of them in my mouth, the skin of his sack rough with stubble and the big orb inside rolling around. His moan suggested I was doing the right thing. I switched to his other one, and eventually opened my mouth enough to get them both in. I was now on my knees at his feet, his giant cock laying on my face as I rolled those balls around in my mouth, licking and sucking. Eventually I came off them with a "pop", and started licking up from the base to the head, where the juice was flowing even harder. 

I opened my mouth and started working his head in. I spent a lot of time on the head of that dick, swirling my tongue around the spongy helmet, digging it into the piss slit, then going past that to the sensitive area just behind the head. By now I had 4 inches of him in mouth and could feel that I had room for more. My hands were working on the shaft, gathering up the saliva that was dripping and using it to lubricate the surface. I got another inch further down his cock, my nostrils flaring as I kept breathing, my tongue dancing all over it. 

"Shit, girl, you doing fine. Now you have to relax your throat. Just close your eyes. Feel the back of your throat and let the muscle open. If you gotta gag, that's okay. Now, with your eyes closed, take a deep breath. Relax."

His hands were now on the back of my head, pulling me slowly forward. More and more of that giant cock was filling my mouth, then poking up against the back of my throat. He eased up for a minute.

"Okay, take a deep breath. Lean your head forward and stick your neck out and try to swallow" and he resumed his pressure.

Suddenly, he was in my throat! It was amazing! In an instant I was pressed up against his groin, his balls on my chin, and he was flexing that dick and I felt it. He held me there for some period of time, then let up and I moved back off until he was out of my throat, then I held his cock in both hands and took it all out of my mouth.

"Oh, Jules, that is amazing! I love how it feels! Thank you, I'm so happy!" and with that I opened wide, took in a breath and again jammed his cock down my throat, this time licking his balls before I pulled back. I leaned back so just the head was in my mouth and I tried to nurse on it, sucking and licking. Then I looked up at him and saw how much it was pleasing him, how happy he was, the big grin on his face and I winked as I dove back down and swallowed is big dick again. And again. I was ready to go on for hours but it didn't take that long – with his cock in my throat and my tongue on his balls I felt them pull up, then the amazing sensation of his rod pumping and jerking as the cum worked it's way up the length in down my throat. It was amazing! Heat, motion, liquids, pressure – and as it happened I began to cum! What could have been better? I was cumming making him cum!

We stood there for what seemed to be a long time, him barely able to stand and me with my mouth locked on his cock. Eventually he stopped spurting, and began to shrink a bit and we pulled apart. A string of sperm ran from my mouth to his dick and I grabbed it with my fingers and sucked it from them. His cock flopped onto his leg and he dropped back on his chair. His eyes had that look in them that men get, just drained of their essence and feeling as if the life had been sucked out of them. He rubbed his face and his look changed.

"Damn. Alana, you didn't need lessons – you're a natural. If you really think you do, come back in some time and we'll find some of the videos that say they teach deep throat. But you don't need them. Now I need to know how I can get me some more of that!" 

"Give me your number, Jules. You have mine in the customer records. I'll be in touch – I want to make you happy in all kinds of ways. But now I have to get home to get trained in another way to take big dicks. Pretty soon I'll be ready for a party, especially if you have some friends as well-hung as you. I spent 20 years married to a guy with a tiny dick and I'm just getting started appreciating what I've missed." With that, I paid and left. As I unlocked the door I reminded him to pull up his pants – not all his customers might feel like I do. "You'd be surprised," he told me. 

I pulled into my driveway at about 2:30 and brought my purchases inside. I was just about to pour myself some wine when Sherrie came in with a cloth shopping back. 

"Hi, I just got home," I said. "It was a very interesting trip."

"I can tell – there's cum on your face, girl! What was that all about?"

I wiped my face with my fingers, and finding a gooey drop popped it into my mouth. "You won't have to work on my deepthroat technique; turns out I had a tutor and I can' wait for more practice. Hell, I came when he was pouring his cum down my throat, without even touching myself. It was amazing! And his cock was awesome, big, black and tasty. That was the only cum that didn't go down my throat – I have to go back for more – it tasted good!"

"Oh you are a true slut! Picking up strange men and sucking them off in the middle of the day." 

"He wasn't strange – he was rather handsome! He's Tina's boss at Adult Videos – she is away – and once we got to talking about what I needed to buy, he came out to help me and I saw his trouser snake. From that point on it was only going to end one way. I thought he was just going to get off, but he took his time and I learned to swallow 10 inches of thick black meat. And love it! I think I'm going to be seeing him again."

"Well, I would if I were you! But we have one more hole of yours to prepare. If you want to be a true size queen, you are going to want to be sure you can take those big dicks in every hole. And your butt is prime territory. I don't know why, but giant dicks seem to think it important. I think it's about power and putting us in our place. All I know is that every one of my big boys won't end a night without pounding my ass. So we have to get yours ready."
