 Stories in this series were an attempt to write about sex from a woman's perspective. I really did want to write about an older woman who becomes a willing, insatiable slut for men with big cocks. But as I began to write, she had to go through other things first. For the reader, you will find a wide variety of adventures in these stories: lesbianism, domination and submission, toy play, casual sex, incest, and yes, sex with multiple men with large dicks. So if you only want to read about one topic, then go elsewhere. Writing these has been amazing – more and more adventures for Alana Mills keep lining up and beg to be written. I plan to drive this to the end of the string if there's a response and a demand. Along the way special thanks for inspiration goes out to silkstockingslover and her works. Enjoy, and feedback is encouraged and welcome.

*****

My name is Alana Mills; I'm 42 and recently divorced. This is a story about my awakening. It's not pretty. It's not nice (and I spent a lot of my life being nice) – it's more hot, sweaty, audacious, passionate and depraved than I ever imagined. It's about my change from a quiet, unassuming wife and mother to a flat out screaming size queen slut – someone who only wants the biggest, thickest, hardest cocks in every hole. If you think this will make you uncomfortable, you may want to stop reading now.

On the other hand, it's very likely to rub off on you, especially if you're a grown woman who has been wondering about her sex life. As if Peggy Lee was talking directly to you when she sings "is that all there is?" And if you've got a dick (no matter what size) it's liable to get you hard and jerking off. Again, if you want something else, stop reading now. 

You've been warned.

In my teens and twenties I was a small-breasted, plain and ordinary girl. The phrase "two raisins on an ironing board" pretty much described me. As time has gone by, and after kids, I'm now up to 34C. Since I had no need back then, I never wore a bra and still don't. I wasn't a virgin when I married Danny Mills; I had screwed a few guys. Several hot, sweaty make-out sessions got me wet enough to let a few guys fuck me. But in every case, they got off and I was left wanting. I figured that was that – and while I had questions, it sure seemed like sex was much ado about nothing. My mother's only words of advice about sex were that "men do what they must and it's up to us to make them happy." Not exactly preparation for a happy sex life, right?

I'd had sex with some guys in college. Or what they called sex. They got off and went to sleep. I cleaned up and left. And then I met Danny, my ex. Danny wasn't like that. I discovered orgasms the first night I was with him – primarily because he ate my pussy for hours! My world was rocked – and he was happy to have me lie back and enjoy it over and over and over. By the time he screwed me that night, I was almost unconscious and he finished quickly. As it turns out, Danny was a big man with a small dick. When I look back on our marriage, I'm clear I was blessed. He seemed to idolize me – and I him – and we were just deeply in love, through career moves and raising 3 amazing kids. Then he walked away with his 28 year-old secretary. 

Like I said, we had three kids and we spent a lot of time talking and grieving during our final weeks together and for some time after. Our oldest, Tim, at 22 was a married man with two little ones. Having them around helped me keep my head on my shoulders – I spent time with Tim (and his wife Karen) working hard to deal with their issues quickly so they were able to keep raising my granddaughters. Concentrating on helping them work through their issues helped me immensely. My next one, 21 year old Nancy, was still single (but engaged) and in her first year at work. She couldn't stay with us long before traveling back to her (new) home, but I knew her fiancé was as strong as anyone could be and would be her support. 19 year old Robin was back for her sophomore year in college and anxious. That left me home alone. Sad. Lonely. Growing bitter. 

About a week after the divorce finalized, my neighbor Sherrie came over to help me go through things. A divorcee herself, Sherrie brought a bottle of wine with her. She poured, and together we went to tackle what was left. 

It was while she was in his closet that she found the box. 

"Alana, what's in here?" she asked.

"I don't know. I guess we better open it."

She returned with a box and we sat on the bed with the box between us. I lifted the cover. 

"Oh my god! Do you really want me to see these?" she gasped, staring at black and white pictures. Pictures of me, naked and spread wide, reclining on our couch. Naked pictures of me and Danny – pictures we had taken so many years ago and he had kept. 

Pictures I had completely forgotten about. 

I blushed from my navel to the top of my head. "I forgot all about these. They were from a vacation we took before the kids were born."

"I can see that – you had no tits, did you?" she laughed. 

"I don't have much more now, actually" I replied. "Well, that's not really true – but Danny asn't really a boob man anyway."

"Oh my god – he has no dick!" she gasped. "Wait until that bimbo secretary sees what she wound up with!" We both laughed. 

"Did he ever make you cum? With that tiny dick?" she asked.

"Sherrie, I discovered orgasms when I met Danny. Every other guy before him was a 'whambamthankyoumam' fuck. Danny had an amazing tongue and his mouth was magical." I shivered with the memory of how his tongue would work into my pussy. And then I started crying. Pretty soon Sherrie was holding me in her arms as I sobbed and wailed for the first time. She just kept comforting me until I was quiet. 

"Time for tissues," I whispered. "Thank you – I guess I had that all bottled up. I didn't mean to..."

"Alana, I am so relieved you've finally cried. I was worried about you. The kids were as well. You needed to get that out. What are friends for, anyway?" (Little did I know how significant that would turn out to be.)

"Funny how what triggered that was remembering how he loved to please me. I'm going to miss that terribly. We would just both be so happy afterwards. He was a wonderful man. I thought he loved me so. I must have been blind."

Sherrie looked at me. "Given the size of that dick, you must have gone blind trying to find it! My grandson's is bigger and he's two! Every vibrator and dildo in my drawer is bigger. I don't think you know what you are missing! And we must do something about it!"

I was speechless. On the one hand, I can't recall ever speaking so bluntly about sex, and on the other, what she said resounded with things I had thought but had dismissed. I refilled both our glasses. "Sherrie, isn't that a myth? Size doesn't matter."

"He must have hypnotized you! That's what smaller men say because they can't bear it. They worry they aren't able to make us happy! Size absolutely matters! Nowadays I don't date any guy with less than 9 inches! I'm not sure I would even know something as small as Danny's little pimple was in me!"

"But.." I sputtered. 

"Look, you don't need to take my word for it – let's go look!" With that, she took me into the den where our computer was set up. (Danny was NOT getting it back. Let him buy his own.) After I logged her on, she opened up a web browser and took me to a site called www.literotica.com. She showed me how to get to their search function, and typed "big cocks" in the window. Pages of links to stories came up. It was obvious she'd been here before, since she opened some in other tabs and skipped a bunch at the same time. 

"Okay, Alana, you've got homework. Tonight it's just about reading. See those open tabs? Read those stories. I've given you a lot of my favorites, but you should feel free to explore. There are links to more stories by the authors, and more stories on the subject. You may want to get comfortable first. I'll tell you something no one else knows – I read these naked, and I keep my toys handy. You are likely to get turned on – you know what to do about that, right?"

"I certainly do!"

"All right then, I'll leave you to it. If you need anything, just give me a call – although now I've given you this assignment, I'm probably going to be busy at my computer as well!"

She left at that point. I refilled my wine glass and sat down to read. Two paragraphs into the first story, my pussy was wet and I was taking off my clothes in hopes of cooling down. I read story after story about big cocks. I was entranced by women (I think) describing how they were stretched and stuffed, and how the big dicks were finding places that had never been touched before. By the end of the first story I had cum three times and was consumed by a golden glowing feeling. After two more stories I was limp and wasted. I fell asleep wondering how it would feel...

The next afternoon, Sherrie called me and suggested I visit with her to review my "homework." I grabbed a bottle of white wine and crossed the street. 

"Well? Tell me about your homework."

"I only made it through 3 stories. Every time I read one I started imagining what it would be like to have something large in my pussy, I kept masturbating to orgasm after orgasm. I essentially passed out. Should I be embarrassed? Excited?" I asked.

"You be whatever you are. There's no 'should' about it. When I discovered those stories, I spent almost three straight days in bed, playing with myself again and again! I took one break for new batteries for my vibrator, and when they died I went out and found a "Magic Wand" that plugs in. And that was that! I eventually had to stop to go back to work but I was so blissed out I was almost fired! The idea of something bigger than the skinny 6 inches my ex used as an excuse for a cock had taken over!"

"What did you do then?" I asked. 

"That's tonight's lesson! Have a seat and watch the screen."

I watched in amazement as Sherrie brought up video after video of men with enormous cocks. I have no idea what color their eyes were, or their hair color. My attention was strictly drawn to the massive pieces of meat, their giant snakes with the one eye – black, white, circumcised, uncircumcised (what I later found out was called "cut") – powerful dicks that were almost beyond comprehension. It didn't take long for my cunt to get juicy. I tried to be discreet about it, but when I looked over at Sherrie she'd flipped up the skirt she was wearing and had two fingers deep in her pussy and was madly rubbing her clit with her other hand. Her moans were increasing and I watched her cum, twitching and jerking. I had never seen another woman orgasm – let alone play with herself. My hand was down my pants, fingers parting my lips and stroking the insides as my thumb massaged my clit. I came faster than ever.

Meanwhile, the pictures on the screen had changed. Now it wasn't merely cocks – there were women seeming to worship them. Licking them. Sucking them. Jamming them down their throats, moaning and making guttural noises. Stroking them. In no time at all both Sherrie and I were again attacking our own pussies, dripping our juices on her furniture but not really caring. The heat and humidity in the room was rising, and the smell of pussy permeated the place. When the pictures shifted to pictures of huge ropes of cum painting the faces of the women, I came so hard I blacked out.

When I came to, the videos were still going. I looked at Sherrie from beneath heavy lidded eyes. I could barely move, and she was sprawled on her couch, legs spread and pussy on view. Suddenly I found myself on my knees, between her legs, looking at her hairless cunt. I remembered how I loved being eaten by my ex, and all I wanted to do was give her some sort of thanks. In the past 48 hours I had had my eyes opened and had turned into some sort of sexualized being. With my hands on the insides of her thighs I spread them, then spread her lips and swiped up her juices with my tongue. Her sudden gasp was quickly followed by a moan of pleasure.

"Oh. Alana, I don't..."

I pulled up out of her quivering cunt. "No one is asking you to do anything except lie back and enjoy it. Let me show you what Danny used to do for me." I smiled up at her, and when she didn't say anything else I went back to what I had been doing. Eating her delicious pussy. Soon I had two fingers deep inside her, and went to work on finding her g-spot while I nibbled at her clit. Her hands were on my head, pulling me in. My tongue was going a mile a minute, doing that crazy thing with the alphabet while I worked a third finger into her and proceeded to finger fuck my best friend. I only made it to the letter m before I felt her inner walls spasming and twitching, so I withdrew my hand and replaced it with my tongue, driving it as deeply into her as I could as fast I was able. Her cries of pleasure were amazing, and I kept going until she came again and again.

Eventually she pushed my head away. I lay against her thigh, my eyes glued to that dripping cunt. She continued to shudder and twitch. I was now in some other space, and I was beginning to think I was just getting started. 

[To Be Continued]