 Laura stood in front of my bed with her legs crossed, and her pinky finger pressed against her lips. Her sapphire eyes sparkled in the candlelight as she turned her head, and her blonde locks flowed over the shoulders of her black blazer.

She bent over, allowing the tops of her luscious breasts to spill out of the front of her blouse, as she undid the straps of her heels, then stood back up, dragging her fingers over her long tan legs, and the front of her skirt.

She popped the lone button, letting the skirt fall to the ground, and then stepped out of it, kicking off her heels as she slipped off her blazer, and her hands raced to the buttons at the top of her blouse.

I had been so busy following her fingers as they travelled over her body, that it took me a moment to realize that her white lacy panties were crotchless, and her freshly shaven pussy lips were exposed for my viewing pleasure. She popped open the front of her shirt, took it off, and threw it on the floor.

Her soft pink areola and hard nipples were visible through the front of her bra. She pushed them forward, as she reached around the back, and undid the hook. Her hands came forward and cupped her breasts as they fell out in front of me.

She dropped one hand to her crotch, as the other continued to massage her breast, and her fingers twisted her nipple.

As she lifted her chin, her eyes rolled back in their sockets, and her face was alive with pleasure. Her hips began to sway, and her knees trembled, as her fingers twisted over her hood.

She let out a quiet, but very high pitched squeal as she lowered her head and lifted her breast. A shiver ran down her spine as her tongue circled her nipple, and her fingers clawed at her clit.

Moisture gathered around her fingers as she split her lips and then pushed them inside to the first knuckle. Her tits were firm enough, that even when she bent over, they stood out straight as if they were calling to me.

Laura turned around, sliding her panties over her hips. Her ass cheeks were full and round and they spread just far enough for me to see her lower lips open as she bent over again. 

She flipped her panties toward me as she backed up and sat down on the bed. Her legs were spread wide, so I not only saw her pussy lips but felt like I was staring deep inside her being.

Her whole body had been exposed now, and I had a great full frontal view. She had told me quite often that she spent a lot of time at the gym, but I was still surprised at the muscles rippling through her arms, stomach and thighs.

There was a very noticeable bulge in my pants, and the only thing that was stopping me from lunging forward and ravishing her drop dead figure, were the ropes binding my wrists and ankles to the chair. I tried to get her attention as I choked on the gag she had forced into my mouth, but apparently she wasn't finished torturing me with her pleasure.

She laid back, bending her knees and bringing one foot up onto the bed, so I could see every inch of her snatch as her fingertips slid up and down the folds between her legs, and brushed over her taint as they twirled around the tightness of her asshole. When her pussy was nice and wet again she plunged a finger inside, moving it in and out as she drove herself, twitching and screaming, to the edge of climax.

I gripped the arm of the chair with my fist, and dug my heels into the carpet as I prepared myself to watch an earth shattering orgasm take place right in front of me, on my bed. She stopped just shy, letting her hands climb to her nipples, and then she stood up.

She strutted toward me seductively, and when she was standing right in front of me, she reached into my pocket. I thought she was digging around for my dick, but instead she pulled out my pocket knife.

She flipped it open, and held the blade against my cheek as she sliced through the gag. Then she knelt down, her face just inches from my rock hard cock as she freed my arms and legs.

She stood up, and I tried to stand too, but she pushed me down firmly with a hand on top of my head. My knees hit the ground hard, but I felt like I was floating somewhere above the clouds. 

She pulled me toward her, and the sweet smell surrounded me just moments before I tasted her. I kissed her passionately, letting my tongue explore her lips, and button, before letting it slip into the wetness.

She pushed her hips forward as I nibbled on the tender flesh of her thighs, and then sucked the skin of her pussy lips between my teeth. She moaned as I let my lips wander up the front of her crotch, and my hands reached around to her firm backside. 

She grabbed my wrist, lifted me to my feet, ordered me to undress, and then led me to the bed. I wanted to push her forward, mount her from behind, and take her doggy style, but she had other plans.

She lay on her back again, and pulled me on top of her, as she slipped up to the head of the bed. My hands fell onto her breasts, and her mouth rose up to mine.

She stared deep into my eyes, as her fingers searched for my dick, and formed a fist around my shaft. She pulled me forward and guided me inside her.

As wet as she was, She was tighter then I had imagined. I felt her muscles contract, and she squeezed down on my tip as I pushed myself inside her.

She let out a deep moan, and her facial expression turned from casual, to a look of pleasure and discomfort as I rocked back and forth on top of her.

She appeared vulnerable, maybe even a bit scared, as my hips thrust faster and deeper. Her nails tore down my back, leaving a sting as they made their way to my eager butt cheeks.

I felt the first taste of pleasure splash over me as her smooth lining pulled at the soft, under skin of my dick head. I bucked, and a moan escaped from my lips as she clamped down on me again, enveloping my whole member this time.

She trembled below me, and her eyes flickered, as my legs cinched up and started to tire. I pushed through the pain, driving deeper, as she gripped the headboard and let out a scream.

She didn't even have to tell me she was about to cum, because I could feel her tighten, involuntarily this time, as a rush of warm fluids gushed over my cock and sent a fury rushing through me.

Her expression changed, and each moan seemed to coincide with every thrust as I continued to pound into her. "Please..." She begged.

Her teeth bit into my shoulder, as her fingernails burrowed deeper into my ass cheeks, and her hips thrust upward to meet mine.

She had told me earlier, when we met for the first time at the sex shop just off of the freeway, that she had been with quite a few men over the years, and even a handful of women, but somehow they had only managed to give her one weak orgasm between the bunch of them.

"I've always wondered if it's just me." She said, as she picked up a giant black dildo. "I've been with guys of all shapes and sizes, girls that could do incredible things with their fingers and tongues, but my mind just never seems to be in the right place."

We laughed together about the butt plugs and nipple clamps, and I led her over to the whips and paddles. "Been there and done that." she said. "I've been tied up, gagged, beaten and bruised, had my hair pulled and choked, but there is always something missing."

It wasn't until later, when she spilled her guts to me over a cup of coffee that I realized what was missing.

She had always been the prettiest girl around, and guys had only been interested in her for what she could do for them. She had been a target, ultimately a prize that they could show off to their friends and family. Women, including her mother, had been jealous of her, and had been trying to capture her, in hopes of stealing some of her essence.

I wasn't going to lie. When I had first laid eyes on her, my libido had soared, and I had been guilty of being ensnared by her charms, but fortunately I had seen something deeper. She had an intense desire to love, to bare her soul to someone, which had been buried by all the beautiful things she covered herself with.

It hit me that none of our phone conversations to this point had been about her selling herself to me. She had simply been exploring my inner being, trying to find out what made me who I was, and I could tell that even though her whole life had been built behind a mask, it didn't bother her at all that I didn't need to wear one.

Her back arched and a crazy primal sound started deep in her throat, and gurgled to the surface. I knew the end was near, so I finally let myself go. 

My seed released inside her, and as we lay there trembling together, I knew we had some special.

It was illogical to believe that this was forever, or that I had found my soul mate. One thing was for certain though, what we had shared, was way more than skin deep.