 We had planned to have a weekend getaway at a nice bed and breakfast.  I told you this was going to be a special weekend, and that I'd be by around 4:00 to get you. We have talked about many sexual fantasies, and you wonder if I have any of them planned to come true.  I arrived and we went into your place.  I hand you a small box.

"What's this?" you ask.

"Open it and see", I reply.

Inside is a small necklace with a small plain tag that merely says "Slave" on it.  "By wearing that," I explain, "you agree that you are mine this weekend.  Completely of your own free will, you will do as I say when I say, and how I say. And..."

Before I finish, you slip the necklace over your head and smile.

"Alright then. Well, let's get a good look at my little sex slave then."  I sit in a big comfy chair. "Stand in front of me, and strip off your clothes."

You saunter over and pull your top over your head.  Your firm breasts stand out, and your nipples are erect.  You shimmy out of your jeans, turning around so I can get a good look at your shapely ass.  You wiggle your hips seductively.  All the while, I am looking over your body, examining it, to see if it meets with my approval.  When you are finally naked, you kneel in front of me, your hand goes to my groin to feel my hard cock in my pants, but I push you away.  "I didn't tell you to do that, now behave.  Stand up straight so I can see you."

We both stand up, and I walk around you, looking at your body.  I run my hands over your breasts, pinching your nipples, "Nice tits, good, good" I mutter almost to myself.   I walk behind you, running my hand across your back, and down to your ass. "Mmmmm, ok...."  As I come around to your front again I say, "Spread your legs apart so I may inspect you."  You hesitate for a moment, but comply.

I kneel down in from of you, and run my hands over your long smooth legs.  "Good, you shaved your legs today." Continuing up over your thighs my hand roam until they reach your pussy lips and pubic hair. "Hmmm, well, I can fix that "I mutter to myself.  I rub gently and coax them apart.  Your body responds to my touch, and I can feel your wetness on my fingers.  I slide a finger inside and back out.  I stand back up, and hold my finger out to you.  "Taste yourself on my finger, slave."

Your eyes glaze over a bit, as you've never heard me talk to you that way.  Your lips open, and you suck my finger into your mouth, licking it clean.  I smile, "That's a good girl. Now, let see what you have to wear."  I open your packed bag, and rummage through. "You hear me mutter, No.no...Don't want that. That's ok...tsk tsk. Well, looks like we have to stop along the way."

I turn back to you and say "Well, let's get you cleaned up slave so we can go get you something decent to wear.  Come along...."  I walk upstairs to your bedroom, with you following naked behind me.  I motion for you to lie on the bed.  As you lay down, a reflection off the necklace you wear reminds you that agreed to this, but you trust me.  I wave you down, so that your ass is just at the edge of the bed.  Then you hear a *click* following by a *buzz* sound.  You look up to see me holding a beard trimmer.

"What are you..." you start to say, but a disapproving look from me stop you.  I stand between your legs and quickly cut your public hair down, leaving it very short.  I run my hand over it, making sure that I didn't miss any spots with the trimmer.  "Better, my dear.. But not good enough.  I like my slaves to be very clean. Come on."

I lead you to the bathroom, and run a hot bath for you.  You step in.  It's much warmer that you normally like, but then again you think to yourself, I'm not calling the shots.  The thought excites you.  You lay back in the tub, as you watch me get some bath soap.  I kneel down at the side of the tub, and dip the soap into the water.   I soap up my hands, getting a good lather.  I rub my soapy hands over your stomach, and then up to your tits, my hands slide easily over them, as I wash you.  I can feel your breathing become ragged as I massage and tweak the nipples.  I slide down and wash your legs.  Your legs part as I wash the inside of your thighs.  Your hand takes mine, and you guide it to your pussy.  You push my hand against your parted lips.  I rub your clit for a moment, but just a moment.  "That's enough of that for now." I say as a pull my hand away.  Your eyes plead with me for more, but you know that you must wait.

I get up and return with a razor and shaving cream.  "By now your remaining public hair will ready to come off."  I lather your pussy hair with the cool shaving cream.  I start down near your ass, running the razor up towards your tummy.  I go over your pubic mound once, then rinse you off.  I lather you back up and go over it again.  After a final rinse, I take your hand and place it where your hair used to be.  

You feel yourself, your are shaved clean, your skin there is now smooth and supple. You smile at the sensation.  I help you out of the tub, dry you off, and walk back to the bedroom.  I look you over again.  I smile, "Now you look much better, my slave."

"Thank you for cleaning me", you demurely reply, getting into the role.

I hand you a short skirt, and a white flimsy blouse.  "Put these on, and then we can go." You reach for your bra, but I rip it out of your hands, "Did I give you a bra to wear?" I ask.

"Well, no, but I need..." You start.

"You NEED to do what I say, not put on the blouse and skirt", I sternly say.  I sound slightly miffed, but you know it's part of the game.

"Yes, I understand" you say, and slip into the cloths, No bra, no underwear, just a skirt and blouse.  Your damp skin makes the blouse cling to your tits, making your erect nipples very visible.  We go downstairs, and get in my car and drive off.

After a short drive, we pull up in front of a clothing store.  "Stay here, I'll be right back."  After 15 minutes, I come out with several bags, a smile, and a hard on.  We proceed to the bed and breakfast, and after checking in, we go to the room.

I dump the contents of the bags out on the bed.  I lay on the bed, and toss you a sexy nightgown, white satin, with lace.  It's short enough that it barely covers your ass.  "Put this on and come over here."  You slide your clothes off hurriedly, feeling the wetness between your legs build. The nightgown goes over your head.  As it slides down, the silky smooth feel of the material runs against your bare tits.

You come over to the bed, where I am laying down watching you.  I pull you to me and kiss you deeply. "  I know you've been waiting patiently, you're a good slave.  You want to please me, yes."

"Oh Yes!" you say, "So much, I've been good, I want to touch you so badly. Please..."

I nod and guide your hands to my pants.  You rub my cock through my pants, feeling its warmth and hardness. I slide my pants down, letting my cock free, "Now suck my cock, little slave. Suck it nice and slow, let me fuck that mouth of yours."

You eagerly open your mouth and engulf the entire length.  You've been waiting so long to have it, to hold it.  You move up and down slowly on it, your tongue going all around it.  You suck soft, then hard, moving up and down.  You are so hot that you lose track of what you are doing.  You vaguely know you are moving up and down, tasting my pre-cum going down your throat.  You hand strokes me firmly, and your cheeks hollow out as you suck my hard cock with wild abandon.

I sit up, "I'm going to fuck your hot pussy now, slave. Show me how wet you are. Show me how much you want my cock in you!"

You lean back, spreading your legs. You dip your fingers into your bald pussy.  I can hear the sound of your fingers playing with yourself.  You bring your dripping fingers out and inhale your I smell the scent on your fingers.  I move over you, holding your wrists by your head, holding them still.  My cock slides up and down the entrance to your wet pussy, lubricating the head with your juices.

"Do you want it slave? Do you want my cock in you?" I ask.

With a smile on your face, you rely, "I'm yours to do with, I am your willing slut slave!"  I slide my hips forward, and enter you.  I am still holding your wrists, so you can not move to get away, not that you want to.  I enter you slowly, inch after inch entering you until my cock is buried up against your bald pussy.  I withdraw and start to fuck you with long hard strokes.  

"Oh God, Yes!" you cry, " That's it, fuck me. Fuck your little slut slave! Ooh baby... Yes...."

I slide in and out easily, as you so very wet.  I go faster and faster, my balls slapping against you.  The sound of my cock pounding into you fills the air, as does the scent of sex.  I close my eyes as I feel my climax building.  You start to buck against me, your clit aching to be rubbed against.  I start to falter the rhythm as I feel my balls tighten.  You buck wildly under me, still being held fast.

I lean back, releasing your hands, so I can get in deeper, "I want you to cum on my command... Not yet.... Not yet...."

"Please I need to, I can feel it, please let me cum!" you cry.

Faster I pump into you, my knees tremble, my head jerks back..."Yes.... Yes...NOW! CUM NOW! CUM WITH ME! Yeessssssssssssss!!!!!!!!!!

Your body explodes in ecstasy as you are allowed to finally climax.  You feel my cock unload wave after wave of cum into you.  Your clit is so sensitive; that every move I make sends another new wave of pleasure through you.  You thrash wildly as you experience at least 3 orgasms, while my cock twitches with the last of the cum.

I pull out, and kneel near you, you instinctively open your mouth to suck the last of my cum, and taste us on my cock, You eagerly lick every drop until my cock softens and I am clean.

We collapse on the bed, trying to catch our breath.

"What's next Master?" you slyly say after a minute...

"I'm sure I'll think of something." I say.

We lay together cuddling and holding each other for about half an hour.  We realize that it's getting late and we are both hungry.  We order room service since we don't want to shower and get dressed and all that.

After about 20 minutes, there's a knock on the door.

"You go get it, slave, and then bring it over here to the bed." I say with a smile on my face.

Still naked, you answer the door.  You're not at all shy about your lack of clothes. I can tell that the bellhop is stunned.  He is a young guy, probably working his way through college, so he's probably no more than 20.  He just stares at your beautiful body as you sign the receipt charging it to the room.  He turns to leave, when I call out "Don't forget to give the man a tip, m'dear!"

You sensually walk over to him, your hips swaying seductively.  You put your arms around his head and pull him in for a deep kiss.  You break the embrace; "I'm flat broke, so that will have to do."

He stammers something about not a problem, if we need anything, and the like, but his head is too clouded to make much sense.  He turns and leaves.  You bring the tray of food over to me.

I look at you and bluntly say, "You could have just charged a tip to the room.  I didn't tell you to kiss him.  That was very bad, and I'm going to have to punish you for doing something like that without my permission.  I'll inform you what your punishment is later."

We feed each other our dinner, taking our time sitting on the bed.  Afterwards, we go to the sitting room of the suite and I sit on the couch.  I gesture at the floor, "That's where slaves sit, at my feet."  Naked, you kneel down on the floor at my feet.  I turn on the TV and watch some mindless sitcom that I enjoy.

When my show goes off, I order you to kneel in front of me between my legs.  "I've thought about your punishment.  For the rest of the evening, no matter what you are not allowed to orgasm.  If you do, I shall have to go to more extreme punishments. Do you understand?"

Demurely you reply "Yes Sir."

"Good, however I am not under such a restriction.  I want you to suck my cock, nice and slow."

Knowing you have no choice, you take my swelling cock in your hand and stroke it a couple of times before running your tongue along the underside of my shaft.  You lick up and down, flicking over the tip.  You suck along the sides, up and down, swirling your mouth around.  Coming up over the head, you engulf my hard shaft in your mouth and go down slowly deep throating me.  You move your head up and down slowly, up and down, each time taking my cock all the way into your mouth.

"Very nice Slave... Don't stop, keep going like that...Play with your pussy too, rub your clit, but remember not to orgasm."

You obey and reach down and start to finger your pussy.  It is already wet.  Your touch feels so good to you.  You rub your clit gently as you suck my cock eagerly.  You rub your clit harder and start to grind on your fingers as you pick up the pace of your sucking. You moan in pleasure as you please yourself and me.

After about 10 minutes of this, I stand up in front of you.  "Stop touching yourself, I'm going to fuck that mouth of yours now!"

You slowly withdraw your hand from your clit.  Your passion is obvious, but you know you had better do as you are told.  You continue to suck my cock deeply into your mouth.  I grab your head and pull you towards me.  I move my hips back and forth sliding my cock in and out of your mouth, fucking it like I would your cunt.

"Yea, " I say, "Suck my cock as I fuck your mouth!"

You don't really have much of a choice in obeying as I am holding your head, and thrusting my cock into your mouth.  You move your tongue all around as I do that, teasing the underside.

"Yea baby. That's good.... Yes...Oh god...Yes...I'm going to cum now.... Take it all and swallow it! Yes...Now...Now.... I'm gonna Cuuuuuuuuuum" I scream. I thrust my cock into your mouth deep, almost making you gag.  You suck eagerly, and then feel cock twitch as it erupts.  You feel stream after stream of salty semen hit the back of your throat.  You gulp it all down quickly.  When my orgasm is over, I pull out of your mouth and return to the couch.

I catch my breath and beckon you to stand now before me.  I reach out to your pussy and you spread your legs so I can slip my finger into your wet pussy.  I rub up and down, teasing your clit.  Your breath quickens as I flick my thumb over your clit.

"Are you a horny slave?"

"Yes...I am... I'm your horny slut slave."

"You want me to fuck you, don't you?"

"Yes master, so bad. I want to be fucked by you."

"You need my cock in you." It wasn't a question.

"Yes.." you close your eyes as I rub your clit gently, "Yes..Your cock in me.... yes.."

I withdraw my hand and look you in the eye; "Too bad you're being punished.  Good night."

You open your eyes in alarm. "But...But..."

"But what? Time for bed Slave."

We go into the bedroom and get in bed.  We kiss gently and hug each other.  Your clit is very sensitive, but you know there's nothing happening tonight about it.  You fall into a troubled horny sleep.

When you wake up, you hear me talking on the phone.

"Yes, that's right... yes... It'll take how long?  OK... And you do all that right there? Perfect...Yes... Ok, we'll be there about 10. Thank you."

As I hang up you ask, "Who was that?"

I turn and smile at you, "Ah good you're awake... Hope you slept well. Ready for another day, slave?"

You touch the slave necklace around your neck, remembering the game we're playing, "Always Master." you quickly reply.

"Good, Come over here so I can see you better."

You walk over and again, I circle around you as I did the day before inspecting you.  I run my hands over your bare shaved pussy and the up over your tits.  I run my fingers through your hair, looking it over.  From behind, I feel your ass checks and run my hands down your legs. 

"Well, " you hear me say, "It's just as I thought, there's still some more work to do here. Go take a quick shower.  You have an appointment to keep."

You look at me quizzically, but obey.  As you shower, washing the scent of sex off your body, you wonder what in the world I could have planned.  You dare not take too long, and hurry out of the shower.  You come out of the room and I hand you your clothes for the day, from the clothes I had bought yesterday.  It's a lovely new dress, with a floral pattern.  I don't hand you any panties, bra, stockings...just the dress.

We drive off towards town after breakfast. Your mind is racing, "Master, may I know where we are going?" you ask.  I turn and say, "Since you asked so nice, yes, I'll tell you."

"As I looked you over, I decided that the shaving job I did yesterday was good, but could have been better.  Also, there are a few minor things that I've decided I'd like you to have done, so we're going to a full service salon for a complete makeover... That is, a makeover to my exact specifications."

We arrive at the "You look marvelous salon" a few minutes later.  We go in and I go to the receptionist.  "Yes, we're here for our 10:00 appointment."

The lady at the desk looks back at you, and nods.  "AH yes, I recall the phone call, "she says, "As you requested, our best beautician is waiting for you... This way please..."

We go into the back and I speak with the beautician.  I pick out several bottles of various sizes and colors while you stand nearby wondering what I'm doing.

I watch every step as you are completely made over, from head to toe, literally... First, they wax your legs.  Then they wax your pubic area.  It hurt when they pulled, but now you understand what I meant by I could have done a better job shaving.  They wash your hair, and then put this weird smelling stuff on it, and have you sit with it on or a while.  While that is going on, you get a manicure and a pedicure.  Your nails are painted a bright red color and shaped nicely.  They rinse out your hair, and lean you back for a facial.  They cover your eyes with cucumber slices even!  They continue to fuss with your hair.  Finally, you walk over to have your hair styled.  As they dry it and style it, you look in the mirror.  You don't believe it.  Your long straight brown hair is now dyed a honey blonde color and given a full healthy full body look.  You look completely different!

After a few more finishing touches, some perfume, eye shadow, and lipstick, I inspect your new look.  After a moment, I smile.  "Excellent... You're even more beautiful than I imagined you'd be."

"Thank you sir, I hope it meets with your approval."

"It does, it does!"  I quickly pay the receptionist and we drive back to the hotel.  As we drive, I stare at your new look.  Your long wavy blonde hair falls around your shoulders.  I reach over to run my hands over your smooth legs.  Slowly I run my hand under your dress.  You shift so I can finger you. My fingers easily spread your pussy lips open.  You are very wet and I rub your clit gently.

It only takes a matter of minutes before you are squirming in the seat.  You writhe in pleasure, grinding against my hand.  "You're punishment is over. You may orgasm now."

"T-t-t-thank you....T-t-thank y-o-o-o-o-u-uu" you gasp.  You bear down on my fingers and rub your pussy against them hard, You buck wildly and then stiffen..."O-o-o-o-o-o-o-h-h-h-h--h-h-h- SHIT! Your body tenses and a wave of pleasure ripples through your body.  I continue rubbing your clit, sending off anther orgasm.  Your mind loses all sense of time; it seems like one long endless orgasm.  You finally collapse on the seat gasping for air.

Driving again with two hands, I wait for you to compose yourself.

"Master, thank you!" you finally gasp.

"As I said, your punishment is over.  Let's go have lunch."

I drive to a nice local restaurant and we have a relaxing enjoyable meal.  The waiters are basically falling over themselves to wait on our table, and each of them has a hard-on in their trousers whenever they come near you. "I think your new look is a hit." I say.
