 Author's Note: This is my fifth story, it's also a mix of fiction and my own fantasies…please read my other stories and remember, comments are always more than welcome!

* * * * *

I had to admit, it was a first for me. I'd always read erotica, but this was the first time I'd ever read a story about a woman being her lovers sex slave and been turned on by it. I was so wet by the time I finished the story I was soaking my little white panties. I've always been a dominating kind of woman and those kinds of stories had never done a thing for me in the past, but this one was different, the woman was enjoying it too. It gave me some ideas. I'd never been able to envision myself being my lovers sex slave. We'd been together for 4 years now and he'd never once even mentioned the idea to me. Now I was wondering about mentioning it to him, but with a twist. I was not to be the slave, he was. 

I decided to wait until he was very relaxed, so that night as we sat eating our dinner of take out Chinese food in the living room I made my move. He was wearing a pair of shorts that had at one point been sweatpants that he'd cut when they got to used. they had small holed in them everywhere and they were just about falling off his body. Neither of us enjoys wearing undergarments so of course he didn't have anything on underneath them. 

I moved over on the couch closer to him and reached over with my chop sticks to grab some of the shrimp from his carton, I not so subtly dropped it right over a hold that just happened to be very near to where his cock was laying limp against his left leg. I said, "Oops" and bent down to pick it up with my mouth. Upon seeing my head decent to his crotch, Shaun's cock immediately began to stiffen a little. I giggled slightly and slowly moved down until I had the little piece of shrimp in my mouth and had rubbed my face against his growing cock a few times. I sat back up and smiled impishly at him as I chewed on the shrimp. 

He smiled back at me and said, "You know, your head looks awfully lovely when it's down there. You don't put it down there nearly enough I think." 

I grinned at him and said as innocently as I could, "Why whatever do you mean?" 

He laughed softly and said, "Oh I think you know what I mean. Come on baby, you can't just do something like that and not follow through with it." 

I smiled to myself, this was going exactly how I'd planed it. I moved closer to him and kissed him deeply as my hands worked to clear all of the food away from us and to give us room. Slowly I ran my hands down his chest, measuring my movements, keeping them as slow as I could, making him wait. 

Finally my hands reached the waist of his shorts and I tugged gently on them, he raised up a bit allowing me to pull the shorts off of his nice firm ass and down past his knees. Without breaking the intensely passionate kiss we were now locked in I moved my body and sat straddling Shaun's waist with my mouth plastered to his and my hands both on his upper thighs, avoiding his cock for a while. I began massaging his thighs and he moaned softly into my mouth as one of my hands briefly came in contact with the head of his now very hard cock. I ran my hands over to his cock, one hand moving to his balls, the other taking the length of him and gently squeezing it. He moaned again and I could tell that the long week of going without was definitely taking his toll on him, this wasn't going to take me very long. 

I broke the kiss with a farewell flick of my tongue and began moving down over his body covering him with little kisses. When my head got down to his cock I smiled up at him and said, "My what a lovely cock you have dear, it looks so...delicious." and with that I took the head of his cock and a good 3 or 4 inches of his hard hot cock deep into my mouth. He moaned loudly as I did so and I felt him thrust up into me a little bit as I gently squeezed his balls with one of my hands. 

I soon picked up a steady rhythm, working the sucking of my mouth on the head of his cock in time with the pumping of my hand on the base. I'd been right in my assumption, before long he had his hands on the back of my head moaning, "Oh baby that's it, suck harder baby, come on baby suck my cock, oh ya that's it baby I'm gunna cum, I'm gunna' cum," I speed up my sucking, pulling his hard nearly 7 inch cock into my mouth and sucking hard as I pulled my mouth back up over him, that was all it took, he thrust his hard cock up into my mouth moaning my name as I felt the first bit of cum hit the back of my throat. I swallowed hard, milking him dry, he loved it when I swallowed all of him, and I did just that, every last drop.

After he'd finished squirting his hot cum into my mouth I continued to gently suck on his sensitive cock head for a few minutes until he put his arms around me and pulled my lips up to his. He kissed me softly and said, "God I love you." 

I kissed his cheek and whispered, "Do you really?" 

He pulled his face away from mine, a look of shock on his face, "Baby you know I do," he said, sounding hurt that I'd questioned his love. 

I smiled at him coyly and said, "Wanna' prove it to me?" He looked confused, like he had no idea what I was talking about. "I've got an idea...something out of a story I read today...something I thought maybe we could try." I waited as what I'd just said sunk in for him, he knew I read erotica and that I enjoyed porn flicks and pictures and so on. 

He seemed to be mulling over the idea and he finally said, "Well...what was the story about?" 

Trying not to let him know right off the bat where I was going with this, I carefully answered, "It was about a couple, they made a bet, if one of them lost, they had to be the others slave. I know we've never talked about that kind of stuff before, but it really intrigued me and I think we should try it."

He blushed a little bit and said, "Well...I don't know if I'd want you as my slave...I never brought that kind of thing up before 'cuz I never thought you'd go in for it." 

I grinned at him and said, "Well...I was thinking a little more along the lines of you being my slave." and then before he could response I kissed him deeply, took his still slightly hard cock in my one hand and gently ran the palm of my other hand in circles around the head of his cock. 

He moaned deeply into my mouth as I did this and when I pulled away from him he smiled at me and said, "Well...when you put it that way...why not?"

I'd told Shaun that we would start first thing tomorrow morning, that I wouldn't need him to address me as 'master' or 'mistress' or anything like that, but that he would have to do everything I told him to do, no questions asked. To my surprise he readily agreed. I must admit I wondered to myself if he'd ever fantasized about anything like this before, he seemed awfully disappointed when I said we wouldn't be starting until the morning. Though he seemed a little more disappointed when I told him that to prepare for the events of Saturday, we would both need our rest and that there was to be no hanky panky tonight. 

The next morning I awoke late, around noon, to find myself alone in bed. Had he lost his nerve and ran off? I wondered to myself, looking around the room for signs of him. Everything was as it should be, then just as I was about to get out of bed to look for him, he came into the room carrying a tray. He rushed to the bedside and said, "No, no, stay put. I've made you breakfast. I thought you might want to relax a little this morning." 

I smiled at him and said, "Well that was awfully thoughtful of you, I might just have to remember that sometime in the near future." He smiled brightly back at me, sat down on the bed beside me, holding the tray in his lap, and handing me the glass of ice cold water. I took a sip and looked at the try. On it was a plate, covered in more food then I could ever eat. There was eggs, bacon, sausage, hash browns, toast, and fresh cut tomato slices. I looked over at him, he was grinning like a school boy who had done extra work to get extra credit. 

I sat up in bed, allowing the bed sheets to fall from my body, exposing my shoulders, arms, breasts, and stomach to him. He stopped dead in his tracks, no longer moving towards the bed, waiting to see what I'd do or say next. I smiled half to myself, enjoying the power I held over him, he was so eager to please me, and so terrified of failing. The look on his face lightened a bit as he saw the smile creep over my face and he came up to the bed next to me. He looked down at me and said simply, "Is there anything I can do for you now?" 

"Yes there is. I'm going to have a shower," he looked at me with slight confusion on his face, wondering what it was I wanted from him, "I want you to join me," Hi face lit up and I saw a slight rise in his boxers, "I want you to wash me," and with that I got up out of bed and walked directly into the bathroom, making him hurry along after me before I closed the door. 

I stood in front of the mirror, brushing my medium red hair, waiting for him to run the water. He stood there for a second, again not sure of what he should be doing, then he walked over to the bathtub and turned on the water. As soon as he thought it was at a suitable temperature, he said, "Would you like to test the water before you get in?" I walked over to the tub and stepped right in, the water was perfect, not to hot and not to cold, just perfect. 

First I made him wash my hair for me, washing all the suds out and paying special attention when he put the conditioner in. It felt so wonderful, and as he lightly massaged the shampoo into my scalp I had to hold back a light moan. Then I made him wash my body with a bit of body wash and a puff. I'd done this many times over the past few years, but somehow knowing it was him massaging my skin with the silky puff made my nipples ache and my pussy just got hotter and hotter and he ran the puff lightly over my upper thighs. I made him rinse me off completely, then stepped out of the shower and waited for him to towel dry my hair and body. 

I walked into the bedroom and sat down at my dresser. He walked in behind me and stood a slight ways off from where I sat. I picked up my brush and told him I wanted him to brush my hair for me. He picked the brush out of my hand and began to do so. My hair was just long enough so that when he brushed back the hair framing my face, it fell down to slide across my breasts, making my all ready aching nipples even harder. Somehow all of these small things I'd been doing all my life seemed incredibly erotic and sensual. 

I let him brush my hair for a few more minutes until I couldn't stand it anymore. The pressure was building up inside my body and was begging to be released. Suddenly I moved my hand up to his and removed the brush from his hand. I stood up and walked over to the bed. I proceeded to make the bed, then laid down right in the middle of the large king sized bed and beckoned him with my finger to come to me. He stood beside the bed, an obvious rise in his boxers, and said in a slightly strained voice, "What can I do for you?" 

I grinned wickedly at him and said, "You can do many things for me, right now I want you to lie down beside me." 

I could see the slight disappointment in his face, but he did as I asked. He lay down beside me and I immediately turned and kissed him with such passion and primal hunger that for a second he seemed in shock, then he began kissing me back with equal amounts of passion and hunger. As I lay there beside him, kissing him passionately my body was begging for his kisses everywhere else by my lips. I broke the kiss and grinned at him slyly, "Your very good at that, why don't you try it somewhere else." 

He knew right away what I meant and began to quickly kiss down my body, lightly running his tongue over each of my hard nipples as he moved his mouth down, closer and closer to my aching clit and soaking cunt. I spread my legs as far as I could and as he placed his hot mouth above my pussy I thrust my hips up, grinding my pussy into his face. He slipped his tongue out of his mouth and slid it slowly across my throbbing clit. I let out a loud moan and thrust up against his tongue harder then before. 

My body was dying for a release and he knew it. He quickly began to flick his tongue back and forth over my hard clit as he brought two fingers up to stroke my slit before pushing them deep inside my hot cunt. I was going insane with pleasure. His mouth working wonders on my clit, sucking, licking, nibbling lightly as his finger thrust deeper and harder into my aching cunt. 

I was getting closer, moans and whimpers were coming from my mouth as I felt myself getting closer and closer to the breaking point, "Oh yes that's it baby, faster, faster. OH baby yes, yes, uh yes yes, come on baby faster, harder, oh yes, yes. I'm gunna' cum baby don't stop. UHHHH come on baby make me cum, faster baby, harder, faster that's it baby that's it oh yes, yes, yes, I'm CCCCCCCUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMIIIIIIIIINNNNNNGGGGGGGG" I screamed as he pushed his fingers deep inside my cunt and sucked my clit hard into his mouth. My body shook as the orgasm ripped through me. As I settled down he lightly lapped up the juices from my cunt, making light aftershocks run through my body every now and then, small moans issuing from my parted lips. 

Once he was satisfied that my pussy was nice and clean he moved up the bed to lay back down beside me. He lightly kissed my shoulder and I turned to face him. I still felt dazed after the incredible orgasm I'd just had, but I could see he was still eager to please. I leaned over slightly and kissed him deeply, tasting my cunt juices on his tongue, I deepened the kiss more, wanting to taste as much of myself on him as I could. 

We lay there for a while, neither of us saying anything, I could still slightly taste myself from the kiss we'd shared. It turned me on to know what I tasted like, I'd never tasted myself before, I never thought I'd like it, I was wrong. My mind was working quickly, I had one major goal in mind and I wasn't sure how to achieve it. I had to be careful, I didn't want him back out at the last second and leaving me hanging. There was something I'd always wanted to try, but I'd never mentioned it before thinking Shaun would think it was disgusting and he wouldn't do it. I'd tried various things on my own and loved everything I did to myself, but I wanted to have him do it too me. There had to be a way for me to get him to do it. There just had to be. 

I had an idea. I looked over at Shaun, he was laying there starring at me, not saying a word, just watching me. I kissed his forehead gently and said, "I have another task for you." 

He looked at me eagerly and said, "Anything you want." 

I told him that I wanted him to grab me my dildo, a few scarves, and bring the chair over by the bed. He gave me a questioning look, but did everything I asked. When he'd brought the dildo and scarves over and placed them on the bed and moved the chair over to the bed I got up and walked over to him. I lead him over to the chair and said, "Now sit down, and do exactly what I tell you too. Remember, you're my slave for the day." 

He looked slightly worried, but nodded his head and sat down. I tied his ankles to the chair and told him to put his arms back and tied his wrists to the chair as well, making sure to leave his boxers on. Then I got up on the bed and smiled at him, "I've been experimenting for a while...something I never had the nerve to tell you I was interested in trying. Now you're going to watch me." He looked slightly confused, and incredibly aware of my hand reaching for the dildo lying on the bed beside my leg. I picked it up and held it in my hands. I'd never masturbated in front of him before, I was a little nervous, but if I was going to get what I wanted from him, I was going to have to be a little bold. I closed my eyes, pictured him fucking me hard doggie style, then pulling his long, hard cock out of my cunt and ramming it into my tight ass. 

I slipped my hands down to my cunt, still holding the dildo, and slipped my fingers over my swollen pussy lips. I darted a finger inside my cunt and it came out covered with my warm juices. I remember how earlier I'd liked the taste of my cum on his lips, so I brought my hand up to my lips and licked all the juices off of my finger, moaning low in my throat. I slipped my hand back down to my pussy and began to slide it across my clit, working myself up until I was almost close to cumming. 

I wrenched my fingers away from my pussy, resisting the urge to suck all of my warm juices off of them; I knew I needed it for something else. I quickly switched positions on the bed, moving onto all fours, positioning my body so that my ass and back were facing Shaun. I spread my legs as far apart as I could and slipped the dildo up inside my cunt, getting it nice and wet with my juices. Then I moved my soaked hand behind me and rubbed my dripping fingers over my asshole. 

I looked back to see Shaun's reaction, he had a raging hardon that was trying desperately to break free of his boxers. The look on his face showed me that while he was a little shocked by what my hand was doing (I was now pushing one finger inside my ass) he was also very turned on by it....perhaps I wouldn't have to use the dildo after all. 

I continued to fuck my ass with the one finger and held the dildo up my cunt, "Do you like that baby?" I asked, he looked into my eyes, primal need showing clear on his face, "Oh yes" he said, and I could hear the need in his voice. I pulled my finger out of my ass, removed the dildo from my cunt and pushed it in one swift motion deep into my ass. I moaned, he grunted. 

I looked back and saw that he was starring at me as I pushed the dildo deep inside my ass, surprised and more aroused then I'd seen him in years. I moaned loudly and he looked up at my face, "Would you like to do this to me baby?" I asked, my voice husky with pleasure, "Would you like to fuck my ass with your hard cock?" 

He groaned again in response, "Oh God yes" he said tears in his eyes from having no way of releasing the tension growing inside his body as he watched me play with myself. I pulled the dildo out of my ass and flung it across the room. I stood up and walked over to the chair where he sat. First I untied his ankles. Then I worked off his boxers, leaving his arms tied up behind the chair. His cock was rock hard, and my pussy was drenched, I slipped a couple fingers inside my cunt and wiped as much of my juices on my ass as I could. Then I said to him, "Now hold still baby" and I took hold of his cock with one hand and slowly lowered my ass down until he was up inside my tight ass all the way. 

I sat there for a while, enjoying the feeling of his hard cock buried deep inside my tight, hot ass. I'd been dreaming of this moment for moths, it was like heaven. Then I pulled up slightly, and slammed back down on his cock. We both moaned loudly and he began thrusting up into my tight ass as I began to move up and slam back down onto him. I moved my hand to the front of my pussy and began rubbing my clit hard, I could tell he was close, his breath was coming incredibly fast and ragged and he was slamming up into me harder and harder, I started rubbing my clit harder and faster and then it happened, "Oh God!!! fuck my ass baby fuck me, oh yes, oh, fuck my tight little ass, oh yes yes YYYYYYYEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!" I screamed as I came, my ass tightening up all around his hard cock and my pussy throbbing with pleasure. 

Then he thrust up deep into my ass and moaned loudly as he came inside me. It felt incredible. I felt so full...all that was missing was something up my cunt. I quickly moved my fingers from my clit and thrust them deep inside my cunt, finding my G-spot, I came again, no words, just a high pitched squeal came from my mouth as my entire body shook for what felt like forever. 
