 In all the time I'd been with Artists Unlimited, there were still instances when I'd be surprised by some revelation about the company. There were the little ones, like how they still did advertising photos at times or their investment in a workout club called Malibu Fitness.

And then there was Gary Mackas.

I met Gary accidentally in Jeff Murphy's office one morning. To me, he seemed a little obnoxious, but harmless. Then Jeff explained how Gary was a link to the agency's beginnings and how the skin trade had been part of that. Gary ran VCX Productions which did a lot of adult programming online and on cable. It was a part of the agency Jeff kept quiet about. It seemed the arrangement was so quiet, the only time it was acknowledged was once a year when Gary came in to renew his contract with us. I didn't even know who their contact was within the agency, it might've been Jeff for all I knew. But it was through Gary that I met the lovely and mysterious Laura Austin. And the more I learned about her business, the more I agreed with Jeff that a code of silence was in our best interests. 

So it was quite a surprise when my cellphone buzzed.

"Heyyyyy...Hollywood Jim!"

"Yes?" I replied to the unfamiliar voice 

"Gary Mackas, you remember me."

"Oh, yes...right."

"Got an offer for you that's once in a lifetime, well, once a year actually."

"Uh-huh."

"It's the company's anniversary party and you, my friend, are invited."

I didn't know weather to accept or not.

"Uh, right...well, uh..." I stumbled for a response. On the one hand it was potentially a good time, but I'd never been to one of Gary's parties and my opinion of Gary to begin with was, let's say, sketchy at best.

"You gotta come, man! All the girls will be here, I think you know one of them."

"I do?"

"Yeah, uh, Laura, Laura Austin! She was with me the day we met. Remember?"

"I remember."

"Awesome! See you Saturday, then!"

"Wait a minute! I..."

Too late, his phone clicked off.

I tried calling the number I had for Laura, but that just went to voicemail. So much for that idea.

Time to move on to option 2.

"Option 2" was rather easy, I'd make an appearance at the party, stick around awhile, then make a (hopefully) graceful exit.

I still needed the address, though.

"Where does Gary Mackas live?" I asked Jeff on my way out.

"You're kidding?"

"What?"

"He called you?"

"Yes."

"His Anniversary party?"

I nodded.

"You're going?"

A sense of dread now came over me.

"Uh-huh."

Cautiously, he scribbled down an address.

"Be careful what you say or do." he said 

That night, my phone rang.

"Gary invited you, huh?"

It was Laura Austin.

"Yes, and I'm starting to wonder if I should've declined the invitation." I said

"Well...Gary's largely harmless." she said "I think it'll be good for you to be there. We can look out for each other, how 'bout that?"

"What should I expect? Or is that a dumb question?"

"It'll be OK, babe." she said reassuringly before adding "Look, if I thought otherwise I'd tell you."

"OK, see you there."

The next day, I drove to the address Jeff had given me. It turned out to be the parking lot of a coffee shop where a white GMC Denali was waiting for me, along with a 1970's era Corvette convertible. Casually leaning against the back, was Laura Austin, wearing a tight blue designer dress.

"Hiya, Hollywood." she said with a smile as she opened the passenger door of the Denali "I think you know my friends."

I looked inside and found her occasional "conspirators" Vicki the leggy blonde and Rita, the sexy redhead.

"Hi, Hollywood!" they said in unison.

I could only smile.

"You get to be our driver." she said as she tossed the keys to me "You did such a good job last time."

"You're not afraid to leave the 'Vette here?"

"Nah, the owners here know me, they'll look after it."

It turned out only Laura knew the true location of Gary's house. Once we got past the gates, we pulled up to a ordinary looking ranch house that seemed to have been built in the late 50's.

"This is Gary's place?" 

"Yeah, the skin trade did well for him, huh?" Rita said to me as she got out.

The front doors opened and we were lead out to the pool area. A DJ was at work spinning tunes, a slip and slide was on the lawn,     and water polo going on in the pool.

The only thing different was that every girl there was either topless or nude. Gary was seated in a big throne chair overseeing everything, drink in hand, cigar close by, topless beauties at his beck and call feeding him grapes like he was some kind of emperor. Which in a sense, he was. 

"Heyyyyy! Hollywood Jim! You made it!" he yelled out, making more than a few turn their heads in my direction "...and you brought some friends too!"

"What do you think?" Rita said to Laura.

"We're good, I got the security code." she replied.

"Security code?" I asked.

"Something we hopefully won't need. We're cool. I gotta get ready." she said as she walked off with Rita. Before I could say anything Gary showed up.

"Let's get a drink, Jimmy." Gary said as he put his big arm around Vicki and led us to his topless bartender. 

"Wet their whistles, uh...uh..." he said trying to remember her name.

"Donna." she replied, sounding a little annoyed "What'll it be?"

"Whatever they want!" Gary said boisterously "Enjoy yourself, Jimmy boy! Feel free to...feel the girls freely!" he laughed as he slapped our backs and staggered back to his throne.

Vicki and I looked at each other.

"See this a lot?" I asked.

"More than you think, let's find someplace a little quieter." 

Vicki led me to a spot not far from the pool.

"So, the last time I saw you was at a hotel somewhere, right?" she said

"Right, it was the first time I met Laura. Well, I'd met her earlier that day."

"How'd that happen?"

"Uh, our host here brought her into the office as his new starlet du jour."

Vicki laughed.

"He did that to me too!" she laughed

"Really? How?"

"Oh, sugar, that's a long story!" she said as she got closer to me "But now, I wanna ask you something."

I could sense what she had in mind.

"You wanna fuck?" she whispered in my ear.

"W-w-where's Laura? She'd want to be part of this."

Vicki smiled.

"She's the special gift for Gary."

"Special gift?"

"Uh-huh...and I think it's coming this way."

I looked over and saw a giant cake being brought in by girls dressed in Egyptian garb. Just then, huge, dramatic music blasted on the sound system. The cake was placed in front of "Emperor Gary" and with an explosion of confetti, the top of the cake popped open to reveal Laura dressed as some sort of Cleopatra.

"Brilliant understatement." I said to Vicki.

"Oh, I can tell she's loving this!" she laughed.

We were both laughing as she did a bump and grind routine to "Walk Like an Egyptian" slowly stripping off her costume until she was nude, shoving her tits into Gary's face. He was loving every minute of it.

"Like I said, brilliant understatement."

Vicki laughed.

"Let the feast begin!" Gary yelled out once he stopped laughing .

Gary had a feast spread out before us that had everyone scrambling. My trick here was to wait until the "rush hour" ended. The pickings might not be as good but it was an easy way to not over-stuff myself.

In the meantime, I'll get another drink. I was about to offer the same to Vicki, but she'd disappeared suddenly. And Rita was nowhere to be found either.

Why I didn't go back to the same bartender I don't know but another bar was setup closer to the house and I went to that one. As the bartender got my drink, I glanced inside the house and could see the double front doors were open enough to see the driveway. At that moment, a huge Mercedes limo that had to be of 1960's vintage pulled up, it's passenger door opened and out stepped...Scott Jackson.

"What the hell's he doing here?" I thought.

I had to make a snap decision, leave or stay? I had to stay since I'd driven Laura and the girls here, maybe if I stay outside and out of sight, he won't see me.

An hour or two later, the sun was setting and I was slowly coming down from the meal. Laura came over and joined me. She was wearing a simple black bikini and carrying a small backpack-like bag.

"So, like my cake routine?" she asked

"Babe, it was truly scrumptious." I replied before a loud belch came out.

Laura practically fell over laughing.

"Where you been anyway? You did your little routine and disappeared."

"Fulfilling my obligations here."

"In other words, don't ask?"

"Exactly." she said as she took a sip of wine "So, Mr. Hollywood...still have some energy left?"

"For what?"

"For a swim with me?"

I looked around at the nearly deserted pool area. Anyone left had gone inside for a movie screening.

"Are you sure?" I asked hesitantly.

"Sure" she said softly "Come on..."

Laura began to untie her bikini and softly slid her beautifully naked body into the shallow end of the pool. I looked around again and took my clothes off quickly, joining her just as silently. She wrapped her arms around my neck and held me close.

"I'm not a good swimmer so we'll have to stay here." she said.

"That's fine...sit on my lap."

"Ooh, thought you'd never ask." she smiled.

As we kissed, our hands felt each other, mine went for her gorgeous tits. She immediately smiled and threw her head back. My dick was getting harder by the second, and she knew it. I remembered how we'd fucked in that huge shower at the Beverly Hills Hotel, how incredible that was, I wanted to relive it.

"I wanna fuck you." I whispered in her ear.

"I wanna fuck you too." she replied in that sexy Texas twang she turned on so effortlessly.

I felt her hand on my dick.

"Mmmm...so nice and hard." she whispered.

Laura's hand continued to hold my dick and she worked it into her pussy. Her eyes closed slightly and a sexy moan came from her as I filled her up.

"Ohhhhyessss..."

She began to move up and down on my dick, her tits bobbing to the surface. I pulled her closer so I could suck on her nipples, she always loved that. Her hands caressed my head as I sucked.

"Yesss...suck my boobs...suck 'em...oh yesss..." 

She continued to rock back and forth on my dick. The night sky above only heightened the ecstasy we were feeling at this moment.

I don't know if it was the food, the booze, Laura or all of the above but I could feel my explosion building much faster than usual.

I'd barely had time to say "Gonna cum babe..." before I exploded inside Laura's pussy.

She closed her eyes and gritted her teeth, then looked at me, smiling.

"Wow, you were...pretty fired up."

"I'm sorry...I..."

Laura held my chin up.

"It's okay , hon." she said with a kiss added "I feel great."

She softy kissed me and we held each other in the water.

It was a few minutes later I heard someone quickly walking across the lawn. It was Vicki.

"Hey, I just got a code red, we gotta get outta here."

"Shit!" Laura said as she moved off me and out of the pool, yanking open her bag and quickly putting on a pair of gym shorts and a t-shirt.

"What's a code red?" I said as I started to do the same, my clothes clinging to my wet body.

"It's a message from Elizabeth, the place is about to be raided soon and we've gotta get out, fast." Laura said as we quickly ran up towards the house

"Jesus!" I said as I stumbled behind them.

"Where's Rita?" Vicki said fearfully.

"Oh my god...I don't know!" Laura replied with the same tone "I thought she was with you!" 

We dashed into the house where the raucous party was still going on, Gary grabbed me as I ran in.

"Heyyy...Hollywood! Where ya been, pal?" he slurred "I gotta girl that's dyin' to meetcha!"

"Next time, Gary! Where's Rita?"

"Who? Riva?"

"No!" I yelled as I pushed him off me.

Just then I heard a woman scream from upstairs;

"GET AWAY FROM ME!"

I ran for the stairs, pushing a few semi-clothed people out of the way. Down the hallway I heard a crash and an angry male voice. Followed by another woman's scream of pain and a door slamming. Vicki was on the floor holding her arm. The door to the room was locked but I somehow found the power to crash into it like the New York Giants player I'd always wanted to be, it exploded off its hinges.

On a large king size bed was a nude male on top of a female who was struggling and screaming.

It was Rita.

"GET OFFA HER!" I snarled.

The male turned to me.

It was Scott Jackson.

"GET YER OWN BITCH!" he yelled as he slapped her.

It didn't look like he recognized me.

All the better.

I stomped over to him and grabbed the back of his hair, making him scream.

"I SAID....GET OFF HER!" I yelled.

But as I grabbed his hair, I heard a tearing sound, like when clothes are ripped, and I was suddenly holding a fistful of black hairpiece. 

"YOU LITTLE SHIT!" Scott yelled as he looked at me, his eyes burning with rage.

Where or how I got this, I don't know. There's legends of mothers finding superhuman strength when their child is in danger, I now believed in those legends.

Scott Jackson leaped up and came at me, I went into some kind of combat stance, grabbed his arm and whirled him around, crashing into furniture. Laura appeared in the doorway and she somehow turned into Wonder Woman, leaping onto his back and digging her nails into his face, making him scream even more. Scott fell backwards and they crashed onto the bed, collapsing the box spring. She didn't care. He rolled off her and came at me again.

"MOTHERFUCKER!!!" he yelled as he came at me.

I raised my fists and connected with his cheek.

DAMN! That hurt!

Scott was only momentarily stunned and he continued towards me.

"MOTHERFUCKIN' AGENCY!" he yelled

Again, I went into combat stance and barreled at Scott, but this time he was ready, he grabbed my arm, tossed me aside, and I hit the floor hard.

"You little shit!" he snarled "I shoulda done this a long time ago!"

I turned over fast, threw my leg up, and my foot connected with Scott's "family jewels" as he tried to grab me. 

Scott's face went white, he grabbed his crotch and fell to his knees. He then vomited on the very large, very expensive, Persian rug.

Rita and Laura had made it off the wreckage of the bed and were in the doorway with Vicki, looking at us.

"Come on, Jim! Let's go!" Vicki yelled

I stumbled to my feet but Scott did too.

"GET BACK HERE!" He snarled behind me.

His attempt to get me ended when he screamed out in pain and stumbled backwards again. Apparently the crash I'd heard was a gumball machine hitting the floor, Scott had stepped on the glass pieces, then slipped on the gumballs. He now lay in a naked heap on the wrecked bed. 

Laura, Vicki, Rita and I dashed down the hallway and the stairs, the partygoers seemed oblivious to anything upstairs. Out the front door we ran to our SUV. I turned the key and the big Denali roared to life. I pulled out of the driveway as best I could, trying not to hit any other cars there, even Scott's limo (I do have some appreciation for vintage cars, despite their owners). Once we were at the end of it, the question was which direction to go, where would the cops be coming from?

"Right or left?" I said out loud.

"Turn right!" Vicki said.

But my ears told me otherwise. It wasn't sirens, just what seemed like a lot of cars coming this way.

"I'm goin' left!"

I turned left, hit the gas, and the Denali shot forward.

A side street suddenly appeared on the right and I turned down it. Once we were out of sight of the main road, I stopped the car and shut off the lights while we all caught our breath.

"Everybody here?" I said calmly.

The girls all nodded or said a quiet "yes". I think I even saw one do the sign of the cross. 

I looked in the mirror and saw several cars go by up the road, lights flashing but no sirens.

I turned to Laura, seated next to me.

"Let's get the hell outta here."

We rode in silence back to the coffee shop where our cars were still as we left them. Rita still seemed shaken by what happened.

"Why don't we all go to my place, it might be safer there." I said

"Good idea." Vicki replied.

Rita and Laura nodded.

The security guy in my building's garage luckily didn't look twice when he saw my Mercedes drive in followed by Vicki and Rita in the big Denali and Laura's snarling Corvette.

I kept the lights low in my apartment, Rita immediately lay down on the couch and was soon asleep. Smokie the cat joined her.

"Looks like you really moved up in the world." Laura said as she looked around.

"Yeah, taking pictures paid off for me."

"Jim, you got any ice? My wrist is really sore all of a sudden." Vicki said from the kitchen.

"In the freezer."

"I better call in, let them know we're OK." Laura said as she got out her phone.

She made a quick call, only saying "message received, will call in the morning" before hanging up.

"So, can I ask what code red means?"

"It's what you think it is, a code from Elizabeth if we need to get out fast." Vicki said as she sat down with a glass of wine, holding ice on her wrist.

"It's set for all our phones." Laura added.

"How would she know if a raid was gonna happen?"

"Trust me Jim, she knows." said Vicki

Laura sat close to me again and gave me a soft kiss on my forehead.

"Thank you for what you did, Jim." she said calmly "You're a real lifesaver."

"Amen to that" Vicki said as raised her glass "Did you know that guy? Seems like he knew you."

I took deep breath.

"Yeah, long story how."

"Tell us, we're not going anywhere." Laura said with a smile.

"Well, his name is Scott Jackson. And the short version is he was with Artists Unlimited in the New York office. When the merger went through, he got kicked out and he didn't take it too well, obviously."

Rita was awake now and softly stroking Smokie while she listened.

"Anyway..." I continued "I saw Scott's car pull up while you three were..."

"Let's just say busy." Laura said as she sipped her wine. 

"Right, but I can't figure out why he was there. He's got no connection to Gary's company. None that I know of."

"Gary must've invited him, right?" Laura said looking at Vicki, who was just as clueless.

"I was led to believe he was getting a development deal somewhere. So being mixed up with someone like him doesn't look right if he's trying to get a deal." I said "Either way, that's the last party I go to at Gary's."

Rita sat up now.

"What's that guy's name again?" she asked sleepily.

"Scott Jackson." I replied

"I know that name from somewhere." she said.

"Yeah, now that I think about it, I do too." added Laura who started to examine her cellphone intently.

Vicki now joined Rita on the couch

"You okay?" she asked her.

"Yeah, thanks to the Karate Kid here." she replied, looking at me and making us all laugh. 

"You're all welcome to stay the night here." I said

"Thanks, babe." Vicki replied. 

"There's still a few gentlemen in this town." Laura added with a reassuring smile.

All three spent the night at my place, Laura slept with me but we were too exhausted to do anything, though seeing her slowly disrobe and join me in bed was extremely erotic, as was her whispering in my ear that she'd make it up to me as she gently caressed my dick . 

I must admit, it felt kinda neat to have 3 ladies cook my breakfast before they left. And I couldn't help but wonder if any other residents wondered who the three ladies who left my apartment could be. As I grabbed my cellphone and messenger bag, I saw there were several incoming text messages, all from Chuck Tyler.

"MY OFFICE, ASAP!" read every one.

I walked into Chuck's office that morning and saw him slumped in his chair idly channel switching. Jeff Murphy was there, along with the agency's lawyer, Michael Baldwin.
