 Awake again. Amy looked over at the fuzzy, half-inch high green numbers of her alarm clock. Three forty five, am. Lying on her back, looking at the ceiling, she tried to fall back asleep. She couldn't. This sort of thing drove her crazy -- she had class in the morning (an eight thirty lecture, which she hated). Her roommate had to be the most inconsiderate bitch ever. And yet somehow, Amy lacked the heart, or the nerve, to interrupt them.

Lying in her top bunk, Amy began to listen more closely now to the noise that had wakened her. In the bed below her, her roommate, Emily, was moaning softly. Glancing to her left, Amy could just make out the twin piles of clothing in the middle of the floor. And Emily's bra was clearly visible, draped across the back of her chair. Dan's pants, and a t-shirt were spread in a trail leading from the door of the room to the bed beneath her.

Dan and Emily had been dating almost two months now; they had been waking Amy at least one or two nights a week for a little less than a month or so. Once Emily had decided she was ready, she had hardly looked back. She and Dan slept together in her bed almost every night, although to Amy, it certainly seemed like they were getting less and less sleep as time went on.

As annoyed as she was, Amy was starting to lose interest in the various plans for revenge that were running through her mind. Emily's moans were getting shorter, and louder now, and Amy's attention was focused squarely on the sex her roommate was having below. The entire frame of their bunk beds was rocking gently now, and Amy could hear Dan's low grunts as the two of them began to speed their pace. It won't be long now, Amy thought to herself as she listed to Emily, now clearly audible and whimpering. Suddenly, a low groan, which built into something that was almost a shout, sounded from the bed beneath her. Emily, now mumbling "oh shit, oh shit, oh shit," under her breath, was joined by Dan, who's loud, "uggghh fuck," punctuated his thrusts, just as he began to cum. The smack of Dan's thighs against Emily's ass cheeks carried through the air and through Amy like an electric current.

Amy could just picture the two of them, fucking and kissing below. Emily and Dan, two of her good friends, were treating Amy to a show, albeit only an audible, and not a visual one. Amy started to fill in the details for herself from memory.

After living with Emily for the better part of a year now, Amy knew her roommate's body pretty well. There are only so many times that you can see someone naked before the image begins to get lodged in your mind. Not to mention that Emily was a fairly attractive girl anyway, which made it easier. Emily had big breasts and wore a 36C bra. She had a big ass, too, although it seemed to suit her figure well. Her blonde hair was almost always up in a pony tail, and her face was nearly always tastefully and sparingly made up. Picturing Emily nude, Amy could just imagine her, tits swinging as Dan fucked her from behind, face screwed up as her orgasm built.

Amy couldn't help herself, and she plunged her fingers between her thighs, furiously touching herself. Discovering to her delight that she was already slippery, Amy slid first one finger, and then two inside herself. Working quickly, and in time with Dan's thrusts, Amy began to fuck herself in earnest. Rolling onto her side, Amy slid an already slippery finger into her asshole, and working now with two hands, began to finger herself quickly and firmly in both holes.

Dan and Emily's groans were just subsiding as the first wave overtook Amy. Above the two spent lovers, Amy's orgasm rocked her back onto her back, arching her back and thrusting her hips into the air. Biting down hard, Amy fought to stay quiet as she came. 

Collapsing onto her bed again, now beginning to wonder if Dan and Emily might somehow have heard, Amy tried to compose herself again. Glancing again at the clock, Amy quickly rolled over and tried to relax her tensed muscles and racing heart. Class in less than four hours. Fucking A. Something has to give, Amy mused. 

--------

The next night, Amy was out late at a party. Coming home slightly drunk, Amy found the door of her dorm room locked. Fumbling for her keys, and then trying to get them into the lock, Amy made enough noise she thought, that she would have woken anyone sleeping inside. But instead of finding that her inadvertent revenge had been a success, Amy discovered upon entering, that her room was empty. Amy climbed into bed, tipsy and sleepy. She fell fast asleep almost right away.

Amy woke up later on. It was still dark, and she was still sort of drunk. She listened, but it was quiet. She began to wonder why she was awake. And that's when she felt it again -- a hand sliding gently along her arm. Her first reaction was to panic, to jump up, to scream. But for some reason, she found she couldn't.

Opening one eye ever so slightly, Amy saw Dan, standing next to her bed, stark naked, and illuminated softly by the desk lamp on the table beside her. Amy was confused, but intrigued. Following Dan's eyes, she realized he was looking at her body, still wrapped in her bed sheet. She felt his hand again, and this time, realized what he was after. Her right arm, which he was gently stroking, was draped across her breasts as she slept. Dan was doggedly but gently trying to move her arm! Amy was unsure of what to do, wondering where Emily might be, and what Dan might really be up to. Amy felt light headed, her heart raced, and she remembered the previous night. Amy relaxed and shifted her weight imperceptibly, allowing Dan to move her arm.

Amy's breasts were soft and full. Her room, at the end of the hall in her dorm, was affectionately known by the boys on her floor, as boob central. If Emily's tits were big, Amy's were huge. There wasn't a guy she knew who wasn't at least curious about what it would be like to see them, let alone touch them. Dan, Amy realized, was no exception. He reached out and gently began to tug at the bedsheet, which was wrapped around Amy's shoulders. Pulling it down revealed Amy's tank top-clad torso. Another obstacle for greedy eyes and greedier hands.

Amy's heart was pounding now. Part of her wanted Dan to stop. Part of her wanted him to go as far as he could. His halting, gently touches were inflaming her terribly. Seizing in her mind on the excuse that she was asleep, and that if they were caught, it was his foul, she began to relax and allow herself to truly enjoy his hands.

Dan's fingers brushed Amy's stomach as he reached for the hem of her shirt and began to lift it. A slight gasp escaped Dan's throat as he raised Amy's shirt, revealing her soft, full chest. Amy's breasts ached to be touched. Dan hesitated, cupping first one, and then the other in his hand. Becoming more daring by the minute, Dan hauled himself up onto Amy's bed, and now, sitting next to her, began to gently knead her right breast with one hand. Opening her eyes a crack again, Amy watched as Dan began to stroke his cock with the other.

Dan's cock was enormous. Amy realized instantly why it was that Emily was always making so much noise. She was being fucked by the biggest dick Amy had ever seen! Hard and straight, Dan's cock stood out from a rough patch of pubic hair. He was uncircumcised, and Amy watched fascinated as he jerked off, pulling his foreskin back and forth over the head of his penis.

Amy's breasts were now in full view, and Dan alternating, squeezing and stroking first one, and then the other as he tugged at his cock. Amy wanted so badly to reach out and grab his dick. To jerk him off, to pull him to her and take his length inside of her. She wondered how far he might go, thinking she was asleep. And she allowed herself to relax, sliding gently backwards until she was lying on her back.

Recovering from the momentary fright her movement had given him, Dan was now tugging at the bed sheets again, this time, working to expose first her stomach, and finally, Amy's panty-clad hips. Dan's hands were now roving all over. Touching Amy between her legs, clutching at her breasts, and now, gently but firmly spreading her thighs.

Amy was beginning to wonder just where Dan was going to stop, when she felt him adjusting his position on the bed. With her thighs spread, her knees slightly bent, and her breasts pointed heavenward, Amy realized only just before it began, that she was about to be fucked.

Amy felt Dan's cock plunge into her pussy. Amy gasped out loud. Dan was now entirely past caring whether or not she was awake. Lost in the moment, he was sliding her length in and out of her and an increasingly furious pace. Amy was pushing back, bucking her hips against his thrusts, so that her tits began to jiggle and his balls began to slap rhythmically against her ass. Amy reached out and pulled Dan to her, so that his chest pressed firmly against her breasts and his heat mingled with hers. They fucked hard and fast, both suddenly aware, and terrified of what they had begun; both completely unable to stop. 

Dan pulled out, breathing hard, his cock slippery and glistening in the lamp light. He straddled Amy's waist, and slowly pushed his cock between her breasts. Understanding what he was after, Amy cupped her breasts in her hands and squeezed them together around his cock. Dan began to fuck Amy's tits.

Amy watched Dan intently as he thrust between her tits. Catching the first signs that he was nearing the end, she began to move faster, now using her breasts to fuck him, to jerk him off. Suddenly, and at the last minute, Dan pushed Amy roughly back into her pillow, and grasping his cock, his fist pumping, began to shoot hot streams of cum across Amy's chest. 

After a moment, Amy sat up, but before she could say a word, Dan pressed his penis against her lips, past, and into her mouth. Tasting his cum, Amy began to suck gently at first, and then more determinedly. Dan's cock was hard again, throbbing and hot in Amy's mouth. Amy worked slowly, progressively taking more and more of the huge dick into her throat, until finally, her lips were wrapped around its base, Dan's nuts resting hot and hairy against her chin.

Dan continued to fondle Amy's breasts as she sucked, and before too long, was ready to come again. Grabbing Amy's head with both hands, Dan began to fuck her face in long, fast strokes. Jets of hot sperm shot down Amy's throat all at once, and she swallowed them hungrily, watching Dan's face and tickling his balls as she did.

And then it was over, as fast as it had begun. Dan climbed down from the bed, grabbed a pair of shorts off the floor, found a t-shirt near the chair, and walked out. Amy collapsed into her bed, exhausted now, and completely sated.

The next morning, over a tearful cup of coffee in the dining hall, Amy learned what she had experienced first hand the night before. Emily and Dan had broken up. Emily explained that at a party the night before, they had fought, and she had told him that she never wanted to see him again. She had gone home with Brad, another friend, and ended up sleeping on his couch. Amy couldn't help wondering, whether Emily had slept as well as Dan the previous night -- after all, Brad was kind of cute.

THE END