 In a silent kingdom, in the depths of the woods, an entire village slept. The curse had remained for 100 years. The legend of Aurora, the Sleeping Beauty was heard on the lips of every parent and child for a century in neighboring lands. Princes, brave and honorable, had tried to save her, climbing through the deadly thorns of the roses tipped with poison, yet, none had survived. Well, Alaric DuPres was not a Prince, but he was not afraid of the legends, the mythical curse, and he doubted there really was a beautiful Princess in the castle. Alaric was the son of the blacksmith, you see, from a Kingdom not so far away from this one.

It was already late one evening, when Alaric had decided to brave the rose thorns, for he was an excellent climber, and go into the castle once and for all. Even Alaric was surprised to find that the task was easy for him. He could not understand why so many of the high bred Princes had failed. He found himself standing alone in the castle's banquet hall. He found a sconce quickly and lit it, finding himself not alone after all in the dim flicker of light. Dozens of nobles slept at the table. So, that part of the legend is true! He mused. But what about the Princess? He turned on his heels and hurried to search for her.

On a divan of blue satin, rumpled with the wear of age, he found her. Yes, this must be her, you see, for she was the most exquisite creature he had ever seen. He feasted his eyes on her, a vision of supple breasts and curvy hips beneath the thin cover of silk on her nightdress.

Alaric had read the stories many times before and he knew what had to be done to wake her from the curse. Smiling triumphantly, he removed his shirt, the ballooning sleeves falling to the floor at his feet and he revealed a tautly muscular chest and narrowed waist. He kneeled to her and looked at her silky hair, long and auburn red, with curls at her temples. He let his hand move down over her sleeping body, to the thatch of hair between her legs that grew moist and warm the moment he touched it. This was the same silky red, and he took luxury in sliding his fingers through the slit there, feeling the little hard nub of her clit harden. She stirred. He must kiss her, he knew it, and she would wake from her slumber of 100 years!

He felt her stir sleepily under him, a smile on her face as if she were experiencing a lush dream. She touched her own breasts as in a private moment, and he took lead and pulled the thin straps of her dress away from her shoulders, pinching her hard little pink nipples in his thumb and forefinger. She moaned but still, she slept. Alaric tasted the hardness of her nipples, like two tiny stones, and he suckled them, softly at first, then hard, pulling and plucking to let her nipples snap back again when he released them from the grip of his teeth.

Her pussy became wet and he slipped a thick finger into the deep tightness there, parting her legs with one hand as he sucked her nipples. Oh yes, this was ecstasy but would she wake...he must kiss her! Slowly he moved down to her navel, pushing up her skirts to reveal a slender belly and jutting hips. Her legs were parted and the moist, glistening hair at her pussy lips welcomed him. He bent to her, touching lightly the soft and steamy pink of her exposed flesh, her pussy throbbing it seemed, under his touch. He could bare it no longer, his cock raging! With an almost violent plunge, he dipped his tongue into the folds of her pussy, lapping up the sweet musky juices and sucking at the tight lips. He felt her buck then in shock, and he playfully bit her secret lips before raising to see her eyes open.

And what lovely eyes they were, azure blue and full of wondrous spirit. She was awake, and everywhere throughout the castle, he could here the people come alive, stirring and confused. Aurora looked up at the man who had saved her, and she sighed softly with a shy turn of her head as she parted her legs and smiled.

Alaric unfastened his breeches and took out his impressive organ, swollen pink and iron hard with his passion. Aurora gasped a tiny bit and then became visibly excited, rubbing her clit with her delicate hands. Alaric obliged her and positioned himself between her lovely legs, and pressed his cock against the wet curve of her pussy and her thigh.

"My Prince..." she sighed.

And he plunged deep into her, hard and merciless, feeling the thin sheath of her virginity give way to the massive length of his cock. He rode her, pushing his cock hard into her, then pulling all the way out before slamming back in again, and she was inflamed, bucking her hips against him and crying out, not knowing what name to call.

Alaric felt his cock tighten and his balls brush repeatedly and pleasurably against her ass as he rocked her. Her breasts were bouncing with the movement and he watched them flush pink and swollen with her first orgasm rushing through her. She held to him tightly, sighing little "ooh's" when he slammed into her. Quickly, he turned her over onto her hands and knees and delighted in seeing the supple curve of her ass in the air and the pink and almost hidden lips of her pussy peeking out from between her thighs. He wasted no time in shoving his cock into her and skewering her on his length, helplessly. Another sigh from her and an orgasm flushed her again, this time, hot juices dampening her thighs and giving her pussy a magnificent glistening wetness. He gave her a few more ruthless thrusts and released inside her, spilling his boiling cum into her tightness and shuddering with the pleasure of it. She tightened around his cock, her pussy spasming and he leaned back to watch his own cum drip from her pussy like thick milk.

"Oh My Prince..." she sighed.

"No, Princess. I am a mere blacksmith's son. No Prince of stubborn birth could fuck you so hard." He replied.

Her blue eyes fluttered, "Then show me again, how un-noble you are." She almost purred.

Smiling, Alaric lifted her up from the divan. He had many things planned for this Princess. And now that he had lifted the curse, he had many things to teach her.