 I wandered around the corner and found myself staring at a vision of utter beauty. I stopped, stunned. I'd seen some beautiful people during the day, but this girl really took my breath away.

She wore a pink, floor length ball gown and looked every bit the princess, for she was indeed a princess. She was Sleeping Beauty and how I wished that I could be the prince that would wake her with a kiss. Well actually I'd have liked to do that and then a whole lot more, but I'll get to that in time.

I was in California on a work trip and had taken a bit of time to go to Disneyland, a visit which had been a childhood dream. I'd done all the rides and seen almost all there was to see, but I hadn't wandered too far into the areas that catered to children. But with time to spare, I thought that I should try and see the entire park and this had led me to Fantasy Land.

I looked around to see if there was anyway in which I could get closer, but she was surrounded by kids. Then I saw where there was a line up for people that wanted to go in and have their picture taken with each of three of the Disney princesses. What the hell I thought, it's not everyday you get the chance to meet a princess, real or fictional.

The line was quite long and I stood patiently, aware of the looks that I received; a single bloke in line to see the Disney princesses. I think every other person in the line had kids with them except me. I think they probably thought that I was holding the place in line for a child who was on a ride somewhere or something. I certainly said nothing and gave them no reason to think otherwise, happy that I would get there.

When I reached the front of the line, there was a gorgeous young blonde dressed as a court attendant and I was almost tempted to try my charms on her and forget the princess behind the veil. After a brief discussion of where I was from (one of those things that the Aussie accent will get you) she asked me if I was waiting for any children to show up. She laughed when I told her no; this was especially for me, and then she admitted me to meet the princesses.

The first princess that was there to be met was Belle, from Beauty and the Beast (not that I knew at the time, my finer princess education came later). She smiled at me and asked if I was there alone. I replied that I was and stepped in close to her. We both turned to the camera and had our photo taken. She smiled at me again and released me to move to the next step of the chain, where I could see Cinderella waving good bye to the young girl in front of me who'd just had her photo taken. 

The process was repeated, though Cinderella turned out to be a little friendlier than Belle and we chatted for a few moments until it became clear that the third princess was waiting and the little girl behind me, waiting for her chance of a photo with Cinderella was becoming impatient.

The third princess that I was presented to was Sleeping Beauty. This was my reason for being there. Up close, she was no less devastatingly beautiful than I'd seen with my first glance. Her skin was flawless and her figure divine. She held herself as if she really were royalty and it was with some nerves that I stepped up to have my photo taken with her. When she smiled at me, I nearly lost my step. 

"Hello, alone today are we?" she asked me, a knowing glint in her eye.

"Yes, I am, unless I manage to sweep you off your feet," I said, cringing as I heard it roll of my tongue. I waited for the change in her countenance but she tittered delightfully and I assumed that she must be a consummate professional; one who's heard just about every line that there is to hear.

The photographer snapped our picture together and Sleeping Beauty asked about my accent. I informed her that I was from Australia and she delightedly told me how much she wanted to go there. I of course told her that if she was ever going to go, then I would be more than happy to show her around.

At that point, another princess came up and Sleeping Beauty informed me that it was time for them to change over. She asked if I'd like my photo with the new princess as well, but I declined, telling her that she was the only one that I was there for. 

Again she smiled and I bathed in the light of her eyes, wishing for so much more.

I think it was at that point that I made the inane comment, "I must be on the end of a long list of boys who want to be your Prince Charming, but if there's any chance that I could buy you dinner, I'd truly love it." I expected a negative reply to that of course but to my utter and unending delight, she replied, "I can't say it's the first time that I've heard a line referencing Prince Charming, but I would be happy for you to buy me dinner." 

At that point, I desperately tried to come up with something to say that wouldn't be a clanger of a cliché as well as not trip over my own feet in surprise. 

"Where do I meet you?" I asked, "because I assume that you won't be dining in costume?"

Sleeping Beauty smiled at me again and gave me a time and location to meet her at. I asked her what she had on for the rest of the day and she told me that she had a break for now, but that she then had to get back into costume for a Royal Court appearance and then a parade followed by yet another session of photographs.

--------------------------------------------

I looked at my watch and realized that it would be hours before I got to have dinner with her. She suggested that I continue to walk the park. We chatted for a few minutes more, but then she had to go to prepare for her next appearance. Rather than walk the park, I took a seat in the court and waited for the show to begin.

She eventually appeared along with the other performers and she still took my breath away. It was delightful to see her interact with the children and she was obviously very good at her job. She certainly came across as pure and innocent, just like one would imagine a Disney Princess to be.

I had reached the point of clock watching, waiting desperately for the time when I would get to be alone with my very own princess, and the minutes seemed to be ticking by at in inordinately slow rate. Surely someone was manipulating time just to make me suffer?

But inevitably, time did move forward and the appointed hour arrived. I waited outside the gate that was clearly marked for employees only and watched, waiting to see when she would arrive.

If it wasn't for her twinkling blue eyes and the smile that lit up her face as she came through the gate, I possibly wouldn't have recognized her. Her hair was a nice auburn colour rather than the blonde she had worn in costume and it was considerably shorter. Rather than the princess dress that she'd worn, she was now in a pastel blue summer frock with white strappy sandals. Every inch of her was a delight to see.

"Howdy," she said, smiling at me.

"G'day, I almost didn't recognize you," I replied. 

"I hope you're not disappointed by the real me," She said, that gorgeous smile still splitting her face.

"Are you kidding? How could I possibly be disappointed by this vision?" She blushed in response. "What I would like to know though, is your real name, I don't think I should call you Sleeping Beauty the whole time."

She laughed and held out her hand," I'm Lauren".

I took her hand and on impulse, bowed over her hand and kissed it rather than shook it, saying, "A true pleasure Lauren, I'm Dave. And the next thing that I need to know is where you would like to have dinner?" I asked.

"Well I only have an hour and a half break, so we can't go too far and need to eat somewhere close."

"Well I am happy to take you where ever you'd like, so you lead on and we'll eat when we get there," I told her.

"Sure thing," she replied, leading me away through the crowds of people.

We actually ate at a restaurant not far from the entrance to the park and spent an enjoyable 45 minutes getting to know a little about each other's backgrounds.

"So how long are you in town for?" she asked me at one point.

"Just for a couple of days, I'm actually on my way to Canada and thought I'd take the chance to come to Disneyland seeing as It has been a dream of mine since I was knee high to a grass hopper."

"And what possessed you to come and have your photo taken with the Disney Princesses?"

"To be honest, you did," I replied, "I saw you and was smitten. And when I saw that there was a line to get photos taken, well that was just too good an opportunity to pass up." Lauren blushed at the response and I laughed. "Sorry, but that's what actually happened.

"I guess it's not like it's the first time that it's happened," she replied, "but it's certainly the first time that I've said yes to meeting someone that has asked me. And that makes it the first time that I've actually had the chance to ask."

"Well I'm certainly glad that you said yes, you're the best dinner company that I've had in a long time."

"I have to say it's the best date I've been on in a long time too," Lauren told me. "I just wish that you were staying longer, I'd like the chance to get to know you a little better."

"You read my mind. What time do you get off work tonight? I'd love to catch up with you some more after you're finished."

"About 9pm. And I'd love to go out."

"Great, in that case, I'll hang around the park some more and after that you can take me somewhere where we can have a good time together."

"Sounds great," she replied. "Meet me back at the same place as before, ok?" I agreed. She smiled at me and I quickly stepped in close to her, lowered my head and kissed her on the cheek. I received another gorgeous grin in response and with a quick wave of her hand, she turned on her heel and made her way back to the employee area where she would be getting changed.

-----------------------------

Time resumed its unhurried pace as I made my way around Disney land, going on rides that I'd already been on, people watching and generally just wishing that time would move its lazy arse. 

Finally the time came to meet up with Lauren and I again stood outside, watching various people emerge and depart, waiting for that wonderful smile full of pearly white teeth that would tell me my princess had arrived.

Fortunately I didn't have to wait long and judging by the happy skip in her step, Lauren was as keen to meet up with me as I was with her. This time as she approached, she was the one to step in close and we exchanged kisses on cheeks. Then she took my hand in hers and led me out of the park.

We had a fabulous evening, dancing at a club, enjoying some drinks, swapping life stories and philosophies. It was a remarkable connection to have made in such a short space of time. I would have thought it just a popular fiction if not for my experience that night.

We discussed the job that she had as Sleeping Beauty and I commented that it must be hard to be on one's best behaviour all the time, particularly when you must get some kids that are absolute shits.

Lauren laughed. "I don't find it a problem at all. It just seems to go with the character. Its like I put that dress on and I really am a fairy tale princess, with all the charm and patience in the world. And you don't really get too many kids that are bad because those that want to see the princesses usually really really want to, so they're overjoyed to see you when they finally get to the end of the line."

"I guess I hadn't thought of it like that."

"And of course, when I take the costume off, I look different enough that I can be as naughty as I like!"

"Oh really? And just how naughty does the little princess get?" I asked with a grin on my face.

There was a sparkle in her eye as she said, "Very very naughty," and as she said it, I felt her hand close over my groin, groping me. I think I was erect in record time. I wrapped my arms around her and pulled her close to me and kissed her properly for the first time, our lips melding together as I used my tongue to tease hers, flicking and touching as we kissed. My hands ran up and down her back and I felt hers reciprocating. 

I allowed my hands to fall down to her perfect, pert little butt and cupped a cheek in each hand, kissing her again. I felt her jump and suddenly I was supporting her as she wrapped her legs around me. I couldn't believe that she'd done this right in the middle of a pub and soon there were a number of people cheering us on. I was embarrassed and ready to stop, but there was no stopping Lauren. I felt her start to rub herself against me, dropping down so that our crotches collided. I shifted first one hand and then the other under her dress to hold her butt without the fabric in the way and felt bare skin warming the palms of my hands. I moved my fingers around a little, exploring and discovered that it was because she was wearing a thong.

I wanted more, but not here and so I removed my hands from supporting her.

She continued to kiss and grind against me for a few moments her arms supporting her weight from my neck, before dropping back to the floor, grinning up at me. "Naughty enough?" she asked me mischievously.

"Not a bad start, but I can't say I like your choice of location very much," I laughed.

"Oh and what would be a good location for you?" she asked me.

"Hmm, the absolute perfect location? I think that would have to be tucked into some hidden little nook at Disneyland somewhere whilst you were looking so completely and utterly innocent dressed as Sleeping Beauty," I told her.

"Oh really, got a little something for Sleeping Beauty have you?" she asked me, reaching out to grope my hard cock through my jeans.

"Might have," I replied, twisting away and laughing.

"Well I just happen to have connections with princesses you know, maybe you should let me see if it's worth her getting involved or not; a little screen test kind of thing maybe?"

"Oh and you'd put a good word in for me would you?" I asked as her fingers nimbly released my fly and her hand slipped inside my pants to grope me further.

"Well, only if you're up to the sort of high standard that a princess expects of course," she replied, her hand manipulating my dick.

"I might be willing to undergo a screen test of that nature," I said, "though there's also the option that I just take you back to my hotel and fuck you because you're so gorgeous ..."

"Mmm, now that sounds like a pretty good option too," she said, putting on a thoughtful look. "How about we go back to your room and see which way we go?" She withdrew her hand from my pants and led me out onto the street, me struggling to get my zipper up whilst one hand was firmly entrenched in her grasp.

Lauren was about to hail a cab, but I told her that it wasn't too far and that I'd like the chance to walk with her, despite my rampant desire to strip her down and fuck her. 

We strolled back to my hotel, hand in hand, occasionally groping and teasing each other, the sexual tension building the entire way. By the time that we got there I was well and truly ready to jump her. I was tempted just to pull her into a garden somewhere and start the process but I waited until we were in my room. 

I closed the door behind me and turned to find Lauren standing, waiting. I took a moment to drink in her beauty and then stepped in to kiss her. I could have spent hours kissing her. The soft touch of her lips on mine was delectable whilst the almost desperate probing of her tongue into my mouth spoke of a much baser desire. 

I undid the button at the top of the back of her dress and then ran the zip down its length. Stepping back a little, I pushed the shoulder straps of the dress off of Lauren's shoulders as she stood there, arms by her side, looking innocent. 

Gravity whisked the dress to the floor and I watched in delight as it fell in a gentle cascade, revealing Lauren's petite body now clad in just a white lacy thong and matching bra.

"Mmm, nice underwear for a princess," I noted questioningly. She stepped forward and started to undo my belt, attacking my pants as I pulled my t-shirt off over my head.

"I told you, on the inside, I'm naughty. Sometimes I like to wear bright red satin underwear under the dress just because it seems so out of place. I even wore nothing once, just for fun."

"Why Princess, you are indeed very naughty," I said as she pulled my pants to the floor, dragging my boxers with them, revealing my erect penis. 

I stepped from my jeans as Lauren stood up again, and her hand grasped my cock. I kissed her as my fingers worked dexterously for a moment to release her bra. She stroked my cock in her hand as I pulled the bra away from her breasts, taking them in my hands to feel their firm perfection.

After fondling each other for a few moments, I kissed Lauren again. As the kiss ended I lifted her from the floor, carrying her over to the bed.

"Now that's treating me like a princess," she grinned as I gently laid her upon the covers. She stretched luxuriously, like a pedigree kitten in its own territory and I knelt on the bed at her feet, advancing slowly.

After she stretched, she lifted one leg up and over my head so that I was now crawling up between her two smooth, slender legs. My eyes struggled to take in the entirety of her, she was so perfect. Her face was a delight, her breasts perfectly shaped and proportioned and her taught stomach was merely a distraction from the curve of her hip, the shape of her thigh and the promise of what lay beneath the lacy white thong.

My hands ran over her shins, up the outsides of her thighs and back down the insides, drawing a shudder as she enjoyed the contact. Sliding them back up, I took her thong in my hands and slid it back down her legs, my eyes glued to the waistline as it slid down, revealing a perfectly hairless mound and then bald pussy lips as she lifted her butt from the bed.

"My God you are perfect," I said to her as I drank in every beautiful inch of her. 

"And I'm fucking horny!" she said, breaking the spell just a little.

"Then you'll probably enjoy this," I said to her, kissing my way up the inside of her leg until I reached her pussy. I ran a finger over it, feeling the moisture that spoke of her pleasure before running my tongue over her and tasting her for the very first time. 

"Oooh yes," Lauren moaned as I began to feast upon her sex, my tongue caressing and probing between her lips as it slid slowly up towards her clit. I caressed her stomach and breasts with my hands, using only my tongue to touch her in that most intimate of places between her legs. I could feel her body writhing on the bed as I sent pleasure coursing through her system. 

I felt her hands on mine as they roamed over her body, guiding me, indicating where she wanted me to touch her. I squeezed her breasts as I felt pressure on the back of my hands and then her hands ran up along my arms before burying themselves in my hair as I devoured her pussy.

I felt her fingers near my face and she parted her lips for me, holding herself wide open. I took a moment to inspect and admire her pussy, seeing the trail of her juice that was already seeping down towards her butt and above it, her clit, primed and perfect from the attention that it had already received, but ready for more.

I took it between my lips and sucked, drawing a cry from Lauren. I pulled her clit with my lips before allowing it to slip from between them, at which point I again gently assaulted it with my tongue.

"Oh God," Lauren cried, "Turn around, let me at your cock while you do that." I ceased my battering of her clit and grinned at her, kissing my way up her body until I reached her breasts. I lingered there, taking a nipple in my mouth and giving it the same treatment that I had just lavished upon her clit. I could feel her hands roaming over my body, searching and striving to try and get at my cock. I decided not to deprive her any longer. 
