 I always get excited and antsy when I'm going over to his place. I take extra time in the shower to make sure I'm perfectly shaved and sparkling clean. Put on my special makeup and make sure my hair is perfect. 

I picked out a lacy push-up bra and a low cut shirt. I know how much he loves my tits, so I like putting them in the forefront for him. It isn't too cold out, so I decided on a skirt for this evening. Now the final decision, panties, thong, or nothing? I usually prefer nothing, but since I was wearing a relatively short skirt, I opted for a thong. 

I took one last look in the mirror, hopped in my car, and was on my way. It was about a 30 min drive. I blasted upbeat music to keep myself distracted from how eagerly I wanted to get there. 

Once I finally arrived, I pulled into his driveway, shut off the car, took a quick peek at myself in my rear view mirror, and got out of the car. He opened the door as I was walking up the driveway. He must have been eager to see me too, he didn't even wait for me to knock. 

He's tall, dark, and handsome. Cliche - I know, but the description suits him well. He is indeed tall; although, I am only 5'1" so most people are tall to me. He has serious-looking, blue eyes. Either way, he's hot as hell, totally my type, and I melt a little when I see him in the flesh. His pics don't do him justice, but do a good job of making me wet when I see them.

"Hey, how was the drive?" He asked in his deep voice. 

"Good!" I replied. 

I stepped inside, he closed the door behind me, and we walked upstairs. He sat on the couch and motioned for me to sit beside him. I'm not sure if it was how horny I was, or how exceptionally hot he looked to me this evening, but I wasted no time in getting down to business. Instead of sitting beside him, I straddled his legs and sat on his lap facing him. My pussy was in the perfect position to feel his dick through his pants. With a slight circular motion, I slowly grinded against his growing bulge. 

He reached his hand up and fondled my tit firmly. I took my shirt off to make it easier for him. He reached around and undid my bra to release my DDDs. His eyes widened with excitement as my bare breasts were revealed. He cupped one with a look of hunger and leaned in to wrap his mouth around my nipple. He was freshly shaved today (sometimes he sports a beard), so his face was smooth against my bare tit. His eyes closed and I could tell he was savouring it. He then moved to my other breast as if he was sensing it was lonely (it was) and repeated the same move. I put my hand around the back of his head and slowly ran my fingers through his dark, short hair, slightly pulling his head closer at the same time.

The wetness in my panties intensified from the usual perpetual wetness state I was in. I lightly moaned to show my pleasure at what he was doing. 

I started grinding faster on his cock. It was so big and hard, like a rock. 

He firmly grasped my ass cheek with one hand, and gave an approving "mmmm," when he noticed I just had a thong on underneath my skirt. 

Grabbing the back of my hair with the other hand, he tilted my head back so he could start kissing up my neck. This was sending me over the edge: my pussy was gushing wetness, my clit was throbbing, I had goosebumps up my arms. He continued up my neck to my mouth and brought my head back in place so he could stick his tongue in my mouth. I reciprocated and we made out for a good five minutes while I continued to grind on his cock and he kept a firm hand on my ass cheek. 

I loved kissing him. He was one of those people I could spend hours making out with, which wasn't typical for me. He could somehow get me to enjoy many things that I wouldn't with other people. Things I only do with/to him.

I took his shirt off and leaned into him so I could feel my bare chest against his. There is nothing quite like feeling a man's virile, naked body against my own.

Our making out intensified. My thong was soaked. My clit was aching to be touched by him. It was almost as if he read my mind; because at that moment, he reached the hand that was on my ass further around to touch my pussy from behind. My thong made it easy for him to get his hand right in. 

He slid his fingers over my slit, teasing a little. I tried grinding down on them, but he was too quick and slipped his fingers away. He pulled away from kissing me and with a smirk said "nuh uh." Then went right back to sticking his tongue in my mouth before I could object. Ever so slowly, he put his hand back where it belonged and started teasing my clit again. His fingers were so close to it, but still not quite there. The aching of my clit was intense. I needed his touch there so bad that I thought my clit might explode. It took everything in me to control myself from grinding down on his fingers again. Finally, after what felt like forever, he slipped two of his fingers deep inside my pussy. 

"You're so wet." He stated with an air of surprise. 

Using my wetness to his advantage, he brought it out and up to my clit as lube. As soon as he touched it I felt relief from the aching and moaned through our kissing. He gently rubbed my clit in a circular motion. It's like his fingers were meant to be there. They glided smoothly over my clit with the help of my juices. It felt so good and I needed to make him feel this good too.

I reached down and rubbed my hand up and down his bulge a few times before undoing his pants and pulling the front of his boxers down. His giant, hard cock sprang out. I stopped kissing momentarily so I could look down at it. It never ceases to amaze me, no matter how many times I see it, it is an exceptional cock. Big, thick, uncut, and silky smooth. I craved it constantly. 

I wrapped my hand around it, feeling its smooth, soft skin. I started stroking it slowly, relishing in the feeling of it in my hand before going back to kissing him. He continued working my clit. 

I was so worked up that I knew it wouldn't take long for him to make me cum. I tried to focus on my task at hand of stroking his perfect cock, but it was becoming difficult as my arousal intensified. 

I was on the verge of cumming, my previously soft moans were getting louder and more constant. My kissing was becoming more aggressive as my pleasure was mounting. He gripped onto me tighter, so I wouldn't involuntarily move away. Just in time for me to explode with intense pleasure, moaning his name while climaxing. He knew to slow down and go gently at that moment to make it last longer, then ease off. The feeling was incredible and it made me want to please him more than ever. 

I gave him a deep kiss before climbing down off his lap and onto the floor on my knees. I could feel my juices trickling out of my pussy and down my inner thighs. He did good, and I needed to repay the favour in one of my favourite ways. 

I wrapped my hand around his hard cock and gently pulled his foreskin down to reveal his smooth, shiny head. There was pre-cum trickling out. While looking up at him, I used just the tip of my tongue to lick it off, then twirled my tongue around his head a few times before wrapping my mouth around it. I wanted him to know how much I worship his cock. Slowly bobbing up and down, I took him deeper and deeper into my mouth. He tasted so good, I wanted to just devour his cock. I tried to be patient, so I could savour it.

His hand was gripping my hair, helping guide me up and down the way he like it. He had a way of guiding me, while not forcing me that I particularly enjoyed. I moaned lightly to show my enjoyment of what I was doing, but felt I needed to take it up a notch...I needed to take him all the way in. Deep down my throat - somewhere no other cock had ever been. 

I started picking up speed bringing him deeper and deeper until I was gagging a bit. I could control the gagging better than I anticipated. It helped bring more saliva into my mouth to slide his cock in even farther. I got to a point where I felt confident that I could take the plunge. With the next cycle of movement, I went down hard and fast so his cock would ram all the way down my throat. Success! He moaned loudly and I could tell he was pleasantly surprised. I stayed there for about 5 seconds before retreating. This brought a lot more saliva out of me, which meant a nice, sloppy blowjob. 

I started licking up his shaft and twirling my tongue around his head again. I cupped his balls and then put my mouth back around his head. Working my way up and down with my mouth, I fondled his balls and could tell by his moans that things were ramping up for him. The extra saliva enhanced things even more. I was going to make this orgasm extra special for him. 

He started gripping my hair more firmly and moaning louder and I knew he was about to cum. I quickly glided my mouth down his shaft with full force so his cock would ram deep down my throat again. 

He pushed even further down my throat with the force of his orgasm. Moaning my name, he gripped the back of my head, and pumped his seed down into my stomach. 

He pulled out just before I started to get concerned about lack of air. 

I gasped for air when he was out, then looked up at him with pride on what I had just accomplished. I could tell by the way he looked at me that he was pleased, maybe even impressed. He grabbed my jaw with his thumb and forefinger to tilt my head up and leaned down to give me a long, passionate kiss as thank you. 

Up he got, put both hands on my sides, pulled me up, turned me and pushed me back onto the couch. I loved his forcefulness whenever he wanted me in a new position. Being dominated by him. I crave aggressiveness from a man in the bedroom; but had a way of doing this roughly, without hurting me. It always fills me with the desire for him to do with me as he pleases. I wanted to submit to him like no one else.

He quickly pulled his pants and boxers off then whipped my skirt and thong off in the blink of an eye. 

He laid on top of me and started making out with me again. The feeling of his body on mine was divine and I relished in it. I love feeling a man on top of me. 

He reached his hand to my pussy and rubbed it a few times before dipping his fingers deep into me, pumping back and forth. Occasionally he would pause, grab my boob and plunge my nipple into his mouth then return to fingering and making out. It was a very gratifying combination.

He paused again and I assumed he was about to go for my tit once more; until, he was up on his knees and I saw his cock was hard and ready to go again. It never took him long to recuperate for another round. 

I widened my legs, eager to get my favourite cock inside me. He rubbed his head up and down my slit before driving it hard into my pussy. There is almost nothing better than the first penetration. It always seems to takes my breath away.

I assume he felt the same way - he moaned "oh fuck," at the same moment that I gasped. 

I like it hard and rough; which he knew, and didn't hold back. Kneeling in front of me, holding my legs in the air as leverage, he pounded and pounded. I could feel him hitting my cervix, which made it that much more intense. I couldn't help myself from moaning loudly with each thrust. It felt so amazing. 

I closed my eyes to focus on the feeling. Each thrust pounded deep inside me. The sensation radiated through my entire body. 

After a few glorious minutes he stopped, pulled out, and aggressively flipped me over. I got up on my hands and knees assuming he wanted to do me doggy style. He pushed me back onto my stomach. 

"Stay." He said, still panting a bit from the aggressive pounding he had just given me. 

I obeyed. He climbed on top of me and rammed his cock right back in where it belonged. It filled me perfectly, no matter what position we were in. Tucking his hands underneath me and grabbing a boob in each, he started thrusting again. Not as hard and fast as before - more sensually. Feeling his whole body on top of me, him gripping my tits, randomly kissing the back of my neck, and feeling his giant, hard manhood slide in and out of my pussy, made this my absolute favourite position. I felt like I could do this forever. 

To my pleasant surprise he moved one of his hands from my tit, down my body, to my pussy. He began gently rubbing my clit. This combined with how incredible his cock felt in this position was beyond anything I had ever felt before. It wasn't long before I was moaning loudly. He was starting to moan too and I could feel his breath getting heavier on the back of my neck.

We were both very close to climaxing. My orgasm was building up and I could tell it was going to be stellar. The thrusting, the clit rubbing, his left hand now pinching my nipple, I was about to explode.

"I'm going to cum!" I moaned loudly.

"Me too." He responded in a pant. 

And then it happened - the most incredible orgasm I had ever experienced. Despite the fact he was cumming at the same time, he still managed to slow down on my clit to prolong my orgasm. His coordination was impressive. 

He pushed in as deep as he could go while he came and bit down on the nape of my neck as he did so. I arched my back while I was climaxing, causing his teeth to push in deeper. Something about him biting me at that moment made it even more erotic. I loved bringing out the animal in him. Me being the prey that he was overpowering as the hunter.

I collapsed down when my orgasm finished, still shaking a bit from its intensity. He was still twitching inside of me - finishing off his orgasm before collapsing on top of me. We just lay there for a bit recuperating and the closeness.

His cock is so big that I can hardly tell when it goes down. My pussy still feels so full and it always impresses me.

He gets up, flips me over onto my back and gives me another long, passionate kiss. Then he looks me in the eyes and says, "you're beautifully" with his deep sexy voice. 

I melt a little, blush, and say, "thank you," softly.

Standing up, he reaches his hand out to me so he can help me up off the couch. Still holding my hand, he escorts me upstairs to his bedroom.

We lay down on his bed and I snuggle into him with my head on his chest. He wraps his arm around me and we fall asleep quickly.