 I came in late one night after working until about midnight. I went to my bedroom where I found Velvet asleep on my bed. She had come over earlier that night to baby-sit because my wife was working the 11:00PM to 7:00AM shift. She was lying on her back on top of the covers, sound asleep. She had evidently wanted to make herself comfortable, as she was wearing only a tee shirt and panties. The shirt was riding up a bit exposing her flat tanned belly. Her high cut white satin and lace panties were fully exposed. I could easily see the soft outline of her mons and pussy lips.

After visually drinking in every inch of her loveliness, I sat down on the edge of the bed and gently shook her near shoulder. I softly spoke her name. Without opening her eyes, she smiled and took my hand in both of hers. What she did next shocked me. With her eyes still closed, she placed my hand on her left breast. Without hesitation, I began to knead her tit. Velvet had beautiful tits, about a 36 C cup. Her nipples were the kind with small areolas and pencil eraser tips.

As I caressed her breast, she kept smiling (still with her eyes closed) and began to rub the inside of my thigh. I took her nipple between my thumb and index finger and rolled it back and forth, sometimes stretching it out to its limits. This had a nice effect on Velvet as she moaned loudly. 

I then began to caress her flat belly, working my way down to her hip and then to the top and outside of her thigh. As soon as my hand made the turn across the top of her knee, Velvet spread her legs wide to offer me access to her inner thighs. Switching to her near thigh, I caressed my way up to the top of her thigh, being careful not to touch her pussy just yet. 

After a few minutes of this thigh massage, I could see that she was getting quite turned on. I ran my hand up her thigh one more time and curved up to the front of her leg when I reached the top. I then danced my fingers ever so lightly across her mons, still staying outside her panties and curled back up to her belly. I rubbed her smooth belly skin for another few seconds and then gently slipped my fingers under the waistband of her panties. 

Velvet was not completely shaven but her hair was cropped very short and had that silky feel to it. I placed the flat of my palm on her mons and massaged in tight circles for about two minutes. This was about all she could stand. Velvet took her hand from where she had been rubbing my cock through my pants and grabbed my hand again. She gently but insistently pushed my hand down to rest on her beautiful pussy. 

Once my fingers found where she was guiding me, she removed her hands from mine and began to knead her breasts and roughly pinch her nipples. The amazing thing about this whole scene was that she still had not even once opened her eyes! 

I let my three middle fingers curve down to press against the front of her sweet cunt, with the middle finger falling between her lips. She was very wet and my finger slipped between her labia with no trouble. Then, I slowly withdrew that finger up to the top of her pussy to rest directly on her hard clit.

Instantly she gasped and let out a long low moan. Without moving my finger from its happy play tracing tight little circles around her swollen clit, I bent down and sucked her right nipple into my mouth. Velvet placed her hands on either side of my head and started to run her fingers through my hair. Then she moved them down to my cheeks.

When she felt my beard, Velvet suddenly opened her eyes. "Bill, it's you!" she exclaimed in a shocked voice. "I thought you were my boyfriend!" It seems I have a beard and he does not. 

I answered her by removing my mouth from her hard nipple just long enough to breathe, "Do you want me to stop?" Without waiting for an answer, I went back to sucking and gently nibbling on her nipple. Simultaneously I moved my finger from her clit down between her lips and plunged it deep into her pussy for the first time.

This had the desired effect. Velvet took in her breath sharply and after only a moments hesitation managed to whine, "No, don't stop! That feels so good!"

I continued finger fucking her while sucking on her nipple, alternating between teasing her clit and exploring her deepest reaches with first one and then two fingers. While I was doing this, Velvet started undoing my pants in a frenzy. When her goal was finally achieved, she reached into my underwear and grasped my cock. She wrapped her fingers around the shaft and slowly began to stroke it up and down. This was obviously not the first time she had handled a cock. In a very few moments of this treatment, I became rock hard.

I broke off contact with her and stood up to remove my clothes. As I did, Velvet sat up and threw off her shirt. She laid back down and hooking her thumbs in both sides of her panties, they were instantly gone as well. As I was removing the last of my clothes she began rubbing her clit with one hand and her titties with the other.

When I was fully undressed, I closed and locked the door and joined Velvet on the bed. We immediately locked in a passionate embrace. I kissed her full on the mouth and our tongues explored each others'. I moved down to her neck enveloping my senses in her fragrance and nibbled and kissed my way down to her breasts. Once there, I spent some time kneading, sucking and nibbling on them. Then I moved down to her warm belly and played there for a while. I continued my southward journey until my face was between her thighs and I found myself gazing at her lovely twenty- year- old pussy. 

I licked her pussy lips first up one side and then the other. Velvet let out another moan and said, "God, that feels good!" I stuck my tongue all the way out and down and pressed the flat of it hard against her pussy. When I did this she started bucking her hips against my tongue, fucking my mouth against her clit. I did this over and over, every now and then pointing my tongue and plunging it deep into her sweet pussy, fucking her with it as if it were my cock. Finally she grabbed my head with both of her hands and while squeezing her thighs around my ears, came thunderously. Her pussy flooded my mouth and I happily swallowed it all up.

After she caught her breath, Velvet said," God that was fantastic!!" "I never came so hard before!"

I said, "There's more where that came from." 

"There is?" she said dreamily.

"Sure." I replied. "Don't you want me to fuck you?"

"More than anything!" she giggled. "But first I want to return the favor." she added with a sly smile.

She rolled me onto my back and lay on top of me. Our naked bodies seemed to be melting together as we kissed passionately for several minutes. After a particularly long wet kiss, Velvet started moving slowly down my body, kissing and licking as she went. When she got to my cock she gave it a quick kiss and a lick and then suddenly engulfed the entire shaft in her mouth until her nose was buried in my pubic hair. She stayed just like this for an eternity. I could feel the flat part of her tongue sliding up and down the underside of my cock, compressing the whole thing up against the roof of her mouth. Then she withdrew up to the top, but not enough to let my cock fall from her hot wet mouth. When she reached the top of her stroke, Velvet pointed her tongue and rapidly flicked the underside of my cock head back and forth. Then she plunged down again. 

She kept up this pace for several minutes, varying the angle of her head now and then and sometimes running her pursed lips up and down the shaft along the side like playing a harmonica. I gently grasped both sides of her head, cradling her pretty face in my hands and helped her set a pace that I liked. At one point I moaned, "Oh Velvet, suck it!"

She let my cock slip from her mouth and looked up at me smiling and said, "Ooo Bill I love sucking your cock ...fuck my sweet hot mouth!" This almost put me over the top.

Somehow my new lover knew just when to stop. Just when I started to feel my orgasm approaching, Velvet sat up and pleaded, "Please fuck my pussy!"..."I need your cock in me so badly!" With that, she lay on her back and spread her lovely legs wider than I would have thought possible.

I knelt between her tanned athletic legs and rubbed my hard cock up and down against her wet pussy lips. I did this several times, stopping just short of entering her. Finally, she could take it no longer and whined. "Oh, Bill please fuck me!...Pleeese!!" 

That was all I could stand. Before the second "please" had left her lips, I thrust into her buttery pussy all the way to the hilt. When I did, Velvet gasped and dug her red fingernails into my back trying to pull me in even deeper. Once we both relaxed and found our rhythm, I found out that this angel was aptly named. Fucking her sweet pussy felt like my cock was being milked by a hot wet and firm hand sheathed in velvet. She had excellent control of the muscles of her pussy. Every time I entered her, I could feel her relax and draw me in. On the outstroke, I could feel her pussy muscles clench hard, desperately trying to keep my cock inside her as long as possible. The feeling was incredible!!

We fucked in several positions. Velvet got on top for a while and came again when I sucked and nibbled on her nipple while she ground her clit against the root of my cock. I also fucked her from behind and held on to both of her lovely tits while she came from a combination of me fucking her while she furiously stroked her clit.

After Velvet came the last time, she could see that I was about to follow and she turned to me and over her shoulder said with a sly smile, "Don't cum in my pussy, I want to taste it...Please cum in my mouth!" 

That was all I could stand. I pulled out of her heavenly cunt as she spun around to meet me. She once again engulfed my cock between her ruby lips and sucked hard. I held onto her head again to steady myself and unloaded a torrent of cum into her warm willing mouth. Velvet eagerly swallowed as fast as she could but some of my cum leaked out from the corners of her mouth. When she finally relinquished her hold on my cock and let it slip from her mouth, she looked up at me and smiled without saying a word. 

We lay in each other's arms for the rest of that night and except for another early morning blowjob just after the alarm went off, she never mentioned our tryst to me again. She left the house as I went to shower, only to arrive again about forty-five minutes later, on time to baby-sit. She acted as if she had never even been there that night. Sometimes I wonder...had she?