 My wife is a beautiful woman. She is strong and independent but she has an amazingly sweet and caring nature. There is one hidden secret that she has from everyone but me. My wife gets incredibly horny while she is asleep. She wakes with no recollection of what's happened. I have discussed it with her many times. At first I used to just watch and listen to her. She blushed when I had told her.

"It's not happening. I don't do stuff like that!" she said her face glowing red with embarrassment

I left it for a while and said nothing while I enjoyed the nightly shows. She needed to know this part of her. Everytime I raised it though she denied it point blank. Sure we made love while she was awake and don't get me wrong she fulfilled my every wish. We made love in every room when we first moved in and in every position we could imagine. I loved touching her and making her orgasm, knowing that her twitching and shaking was due to something I had done to her. We jelled sexually mainly from just listening to her and watching her bring herself to orgasm every night. I would listen to my friends complain about their wives.

"They expect us to know what they want without saying. Then they get annoyed when they don't get it." 

I would laugh along with my friends but for the opposite reason. While they were often puzzled by what women wanted. I knew exactly what my woman needed and wanted.

We carried on together living our normal day-to-day lives. I would then watch her delightful shows at night that would leave me erect and needing to masturbate to release my tension. Again I am not complaining as I swear my dick grew in size, length and girth from being used to often. I just wished she would know what she did when she fell asleep. She never once questioned how I knew her body so well. It was after a particularly momentous night that I vowed that she had to know. I hatched a plan to record her the very next night.

I set up a camcorder in the bedroom aimed at her space in the bed whiles she was downstairs watching TV. I set it to night vision and put the remote control under my pillow. Then I went downstairs. She curled herself into me as we sat on the sofa as she did most nights. There was a film she wanted to watch and soon she was laid out on the sofa resting her head on my leg and I played contentedly with her long soft hair. A perfect night being with my darling beautiful wife. Within no time at all it was half nine.

"How about an early night?" she said, "I feel like an early night!" she said winking at me playfully.

"You naughty girl, come on then." I said eager to make love. 

We went upstairs her leading me by my hand. When we got to the bedroom. She slipped her arms around my waist and soon we were kissing. Her soft lips against mine as I pulled her closer. She pressed her body tighter to mine. I loved feeling her breasts against my chest. My dick started to grow so I pushed my groin closer to her. She let her head back and let out a moan. I leant forward and gently kissed her soft pale neck.

As my lips gently pulled at her neck her hands moved to her blouse and started undoing her buttons. I slipped the blouse off her shoulders as I continued kissing her. My hands moved to her back and soon I found myself undoing her bra. I sat on the bed and pulled off my T-shirt, throwing it carelessly onto the floor. She moved so that my mouth found her right breast. I started sucking on her nipple whilst my hand mimicked my mouth on her left nipple. I felt her hair around me so knew she was watching everything I was doing. She moaned and groaned as I switched from sucking to flicking my tongue and finger rapidly against her hard nipples. I moved my mouth to her left nipple and my hands moved to hitching up her skirt so that she was wearing it like a belt. She had on sheer nylon stockings. I love the feeling against my hands and she knows this. My dick was aching in my pants, straining against the fabric.

She bent down and undid my flies and my dick sprung out at full attention. As she stood up my hand moved to her panties. She was wet and she needed me as much as I needed her. She turned away from me and slowly removed her panties, letting them slowly drop to the floor before bending over to step out of them. She knew that this drove me wild, her pert ass inches from my face. My eyes followed her long legs down to watch her take her panties off. Her face appeared from behind her legs she was smiling.

"Are you ready for me?" she asked smiling.

I nodded and she straddled me guiding my dick inside her. She teased me only letting my bulbous head inside her. She felt so great inside so wet and warm.

"Come on baby don't tease me you know I want to be deep inside you" I found myself begging. After what seemed ages I put my hands to the waist of her skirt and pulled her down onto me. It felt great plunging inside her. Her pussy felt great around my hard shaft, her muscles tightening around me. Her nails dug into my knees bringing me back to reality and stopping me from exploding inside her. Then she stood up. My dick ached to be inside her and bobbed about frantically on its own accord.

"Let's get naked" se said undoing her skirt.

"Leave your stockings on darling!" I begged as I kicked off my shoes and getting out of my jeans.

She responded simply with a giggle before she lowered to her knees parting her legs.

"I'm going to suck you but don't come inside my mouth" she ordered me.

With her large eyes looking up at me. Her long hair framing her face and those deliciously soft lips about to suck on my dick how could I possibly refuse?

"Oh babe" was all that I could muster as my hands ran through her hair as she lowered her mouth around my dick. Her tongue eagerly licked at her juices that were soaking me. She swirled that tongue quickly, then slowed as she sensed my nearing orgasm. Her nails dug into the flesh of my thighs.

"God you're going to make me cum you naughty girl" I said "don't torture me babe cause if you keep going like that I'm going to shoot my cum into that sweet mouth and throat of yours!"

"Then I'd better stop would not want you doing something you didn't want to do now do we?" she questioned me further "Where do you want to cum? How do you want me?"

"I want you doggy style. I want to cum deep inside your hot sweet pussy." I said getting to my feet.

She knelt at the side of the bed and her head turned around to watch me. My hands ran up her nylon covered legs. They felt so good. My right hand went through her legs and straight to her clit, it was so large and obviously sensitive. As soon as I found it she bucked wildly. My left hand stroked her soft skin on her back. When I knew she was ready I plunged deep inside her. The muscles on her vagina soon gave it away her orgasm was imminent. I love it when she cums as her whole body shakes. It was so obvious when she came and I enjoyed seeing her cum over and over.

"Oh fuck! I'm going to cum!" she screamed before her muscles clamped me firmly around my dick. Her muscles were so tight that I couldn't help but shoot my load into her. I emptied my cum inside her completely before letting my dick slip out of her. She slowly dropped herself onto the bed and I climbed in next to her and kissed her neck and shoulder.

"Let's get you ready for bed!"

I whispered to her as my hands fumbled at undoing her suspender belt and slowly rolling her stockings down her long legs. As I climbed back up the bed I gently kissed her and covered her with the blankets. She was falling asleep as I covered her shoulders turned the lights off and slipped my arm protectively around her waist. It felt great holding her naked body against mine. Soon we were both asleep.

I woke as usual to sounds of loud moaning. The room was filled with lights from the street lamps I checked the clock it was a little after 2am. I don't know how long she'd been at it but was glad I hadn't missed it. I needed her to see one of her nightly shows for her to finally believe me. I reached under my pillow and found the remote for the camcorder. I pressed the record button.

She was lying on her back her knees bent up holding the blanket. I slowly edged the blanket off her as I'd done countless times before. Her hands were squeezing and moulding her breasts. Her hips had started moving rhythmically.

"Oh babe that feels good. I love it when you do that. I've been a naughty girl and you need to punish me" she spoke firmly.

I watched as her hands lowered to her pussy. I loved watching her masturbate before I went down to watch the full show. I had to suck her hard nipples. I flicked my tongue across the nipple nearest me and sucked gently. I'm careful not to use my teeth, as I don't want to wake her. I can feel my dick stiffen so I moved down the bed to watch the display. I sat back on my heels and masturbated as I watched.

Her fingers were busy tonight. One hand was holding her lips open and the other was swirling around her clit. 

"I need your dick inside me," she groaned

I so wanted to mount her and comply to that instruction but I just would feel awkward with her still being asleep. I so wanted to reach my head down and cover my mouth in her sweet juices. I would love to lick her big hard clit and suck on those wondrous pussy lips.

"Fuck me. Fuck me now you fucking bastard. I need you now you fucking prick. I'm going to cum"

She shouted as she thrashed around on the bed like a woman possessed. She was about to cum. I loved watching her cum while she was masturbating they always seemed quicker and more intense when she was in control of her clit. I was going to cum too. I aimed my pulsing dick towards me and came all over my chest. God that felt good.

I watched her convulsions over and over she came. The bed underneath her was wet with her sweet juices. Soon she tired herself out and she fell back asleep her hands still resting on her crotch. I lovingly pulled the blanket over her and before I cuddled in again to her. I remembered to turn off the camcorder.

I woke to my usual alarm at 7am. The sun was starting to stream through the gap in the curtains. I loved summer mornings and stretched out completely in the bed. My dick was as always at full attention. I turned and cuddled into her letting my dick stick into her butt cheeks. I draped my arm around her and pretended I was asleep. I pushed my hard dick further inside until I knew she'd wake up. She turned around suddenly to face me. She started kissing me and I rolled her over getting in between her legs. My dick found her soft warm folds and I slipped gently inside.

"Oooh I needed this" she started "and you say I get horny in my sleep?"

To shut her up I bent down and kissed her passionately. I loved making love like this all slow and relaxed. I loved feeling her naked flesh against mine. I couldn't resist whispering to her.

"I love you... I want you to come..." 

I said in-between soft kisses with her delightful lips. I let her kiss me, her probing tongue entering my mouth in rhythm with my dick entering her. Her tongue was more flexible and explored my mouth sharing all of our juices together. It felt amazing. As we both finished I collapsed into her arms. She kissed me gently on my forehead.

I hated getting ready for work as it meant time away from my wife. All that day all I could think of was how I was going to show her that video. How would she react? Would she think I was trying to hurt her? Maybe I should delete the film and leave the shows private? By the time I got home I still had no idea what to do or say. As I opened the front door my heart was fluttering I felt weak at the knees.

"I'm in here darling!" she called from the front room. "How was your day? Dinner will be ready in about an hour!"

I hung up my coat and went into join her.

"Honey are you alright? You're so pale!"

"I'm OK!"

"No you're not. Come sit down!" 

I could hear the concern in her voice. I sat down next to her and there was no way of hiding it now. She held my hands and looked me in the eyes.

"Darling I've done something I shouldn't have done. You're going to hate me!" I started.

"What tell me what have you done?"

"Last night I recorded you whilst you were asleep I've felt guilty all day about it!"

"Why?" she looked so puzzled.

"I've tried to tell you what happens when you're asleep but you never believe me. I just wanted you to know. If you want me to delete it then I will!"

"And exactly what was I doing besides sleeping?" she asked her voice obviously angry.

"It was beautiful. You were masturbating until you came over and over." I said quietly smiling shyly at her.

"How many times must we have this discussion? I do not and never have masturbated in my sleep. Go get this video and it will back me up then I want to hear no more about this."

I went upstairs and dutifully got the camcorder and fixed it up to the TV. In some ways I hoped it was bland that I had just dreamt it but in other ways I wanted her to see the nightly torture that I endured. I pressed play and an image appeared on the screen. I watched her intently as the camcorder played. She blushed as she watched herself squeeze her breasts and then she looked horrified at the sight of us both masturbating.

"Turn it off! I've seen enough and delete it I never want to see it again!" she ordered.

The rest of the night she remained quiet, hardly saying a word. How I wished that I could rewind time and not have pressed that damn record button. It continued until bedtime. She had gone up for 'an early night'. I went up for a shower. Should I sleep downstairs or try the bedroom? I might as well face the music. I went into the bedroom it was dark, but I could hear her gently sobbing.

"Babe!" I said getting into bed. "I'm so sorry if I could take it back I would. I am really sorry!"

"Its not your fault. I can't believe I have been like that it's disgusting!"

"No babe, don't think that!" I said kissing her neck gently "its beautiful and I love watching you!"

"Have you ever fucked me when I've been like that?" she asked nervously.

"No!" I insisted, "I've wanted to boy I've wanted to but I would want to take advantage. Also if you woke up I wouldn't want to freak you out. You know I'd never do anything to hurt you!"

"It must have been terrible hearing me say all those things especially when you couldn't join in! I'm so very sorry!" she said turning around slowly to face me.

"Far from it babe" I started "I love you talking dirty and I think its excellent watching you masturbate. I know when you're awake you feel self-conscious but honestly you shouldn't. You should never feel ashamed or embarrassed around me. I love you dummy!"

"I love you too," she said putting an arm around my waist. 

I kissed her face tasting her salty tears then I hugged her tightly. After a while she spoke in an almost whisper.

"Next time I'm like that if you want to joining in then you should. Its unfair of me to tempt you like that and not let you touch me, I know that you wouldn't hurt me!"

"Are you sure?" I asked.

"You are my husband and I love you and I also trust you!" she replied.

My mind raced. I couldn't believe that she was giving me permission to do that. Should I? I'd have to wait and see as my nerves were just on edge and all I wanted to do is repair the damage that I had done.

Later that night the moaning started again and as usual it woke me up. She seemed more animated tonight more vocal.

"Mmm I like that baby" 

She moaned as she gently stroked her soft neck.

"You are horny tonight. Good just like me. I need you!"

She was squeezing her breasts and I could feel myself getting harder.

"I hope you're going to ride me as I've been such a naughty girl. You need to punish me!" she murmured.

I so wanted to join her but didn't know if I should. One hand remained on her breasts alternating so that each nipple was large and erect and the other hand started to go between her legs. I held out as long as possible until I could resist it no more. My mouth found her neck and started kissing. She groaned with pleasure. I moved down her body and was soon sucking her nipple. God she felt good.

"Fuck yeah that's what I need!" she said loudly.

My mouth was soon on her pussy lips, she was so wet. She moved her hands down to hold them open and my tongue flicked away at her lips. Her clit was hard and each time my tongue touched it she would arch back and shout and swear uncontrollably. My cock was eager before now it was starting to ache.

I moved up the bed and knelt next to her head. Should I? I would try; would she would suck my cock with that beautiful mouth? My cock edged closer and she seemed to devour it. She used her tongue like never before. She licked the shaft and swirled her tongue around the end plunging her tongue in and out of the eye. Her hands moved to my ball and were squeezing them gently and then pulling them gently away from my body. She used her nails gently to smooth the creases on my balls. God she was good.

I withdrew my dick and she was moaning and starting to thrash around in the bed. I mounted her, restraining her arms with my hands. I locked my hands firmly around her wrists. My dick slipped deep inside her wet pussy. Her muscles were contracting around my shaft.

"I'm a bad girl! Fuck me like the bitch I am"

She was now screaming at me. Her legs wrapped around my back as she pulled me closer. I moved my hips around to hit her clit as much as I could. I let her arms go and she released her legs and drew them back with her hands. I sat back as I fucked her. To steady myself I held on to her ankles and leant heavily on them. She thrashed, moaned and swore like I'd never seen before. I couldn't last much longer. Her muscles were so strong on my dick now. I came deep inside her and she shook with her orgasm.

I slowly disengaged myself from her and lay next to her on the bed. Wow that was amazing. I gently turned her on her side and cuddled into her backbone. I kissed her shoulder as I did and as I did she rubbed her nose murmured then said something that I couldn't quite hear before gently snoring. I whispered gently in her ear.

"Goodnight my Sleeping Beauty!"