 Author's Note: This is an edited version of the original story. Big thank you to Secretsxywriter for editing and helping me to make it better.

***

I paused the video game as the doorbell rang and darted up so fast, I hit my shoulder on the bookshelf. My reflection in the mirror by the front door seemed decent enough. Maybe I should have shaved?

Glancing into the peephole, I saw Haley arranging her hair. I'd seen it in every color of the rainbow during the years. Today, it was blue.

How long had it been we'd seen each other last? At least six months? Maybe closer to a year?

I took a deep breath and told myself there was no reason to be nervous. She would just be spending one night on the sofa. Yet, there was an uneasiness lingering in my stomach. Maybe it was the adrenaline from playing too many video games.

I opened the door and stepped aside to let her in. "Hi. Hope you didn't get lost on the way."

"Easy peasy." Haley hung her jacket on the coat rack and looked around. "Nice place, Tom."

I took her backpack. "Would be nicer if I managed to unbox rest of the stuff."

She vanished into the bathroom. I heard the water running, then she yelled, "There's no towel!"

"Sorry, I just threw them into the laundry." I cursed and grabbed one from the closet, rushing it to her. Fat lies. I usually just dried my hands on my pants.

"Thanks for letting me crash here." Haley took a spot in the corner of the sofa and hugged her knees. "How've you been?"

I sat in the opposite corner and started the game up again, hoping to distract myself from the awkwardness of being in the same room with my ex's little sister. "Better every day. Work's good. Decent pay. What about you?"

"Trying to graduate, but it feels stupid. No job in sight, and I'm running out of money."

"You wanna play?" I fished the other controller from under the sofa. "It's just button smashing."

"I'm fine."

I kept grinding my way through Lego Star Wars. Haley sat silently like a falcon waiting for a mouse.

Carol, her older sister, and I had separated in mutual understanding after seven years. Mutual did not meant it hadn't been painful. Year later, some parts of me were just starting to heal. Haley, unfortunately, reminded me of days of yore. Still, a couple of unpleasant memories weren't enough for me to deny her request for place to sleep.

"You still living with Brie?" I asked to break the silence.

"That's why I needed a place to stay tonight. Brie doesn't want me messing with her sleep before some exam." Haley fidgeted and picked at her striped socks. "I'm not here to spy for Carol."

"Didn't think you were. We talk from time to time. Like adults and stuff," I said.

"You know, you could say something to me, too." Haley's voice sounded surprisingly hurt.

"Sorry. Didn't think you'd be interested in my problems. You kids with your studies and parties."

Haley hit me in the shoulder. "You're not that old."

"You were a mere shrimp when we first met."

"I was sixteen!"

"Back in my day..." I glanced at Haley from the corner of my eye. She still looked more like a teen than a twenty-something-year-old woman. She was far from having a boyish figure, but she hadn't inherited the same curves Carol had. The length of my dry spell became painfully obvious when I caught myself having those thoughts.

We talked some more. None of it was important, but it helped alleviate the increasing tension, maybe for both of us. Haley and I had only talked in passing since Carol had moved out of town. Even before that, I had only seen Haley because of Carol. Our age difference had always felt like a generation gap despite it being less than ten years. Spending time together had never been something we'd done naturally.

"At least you didn't get fat," Haley said. "My friend Ann just kept eating after she broke up with her boyfriend, Dan. She spent last spring on the treadmill."

"Punching sandbags is a good way to get rid of all the excess baggage."

"Makes it easier to get back into the game."

I shook the controller. "This is the only game I'm interested right now."

Haley stared at the screen where plastic bricks rained all over the place. "Sorry I didn't call or anything. I didn't want to take sides. Besides, I didn't know what to say. I always thought you two were set for life."

"Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans. We drifted apart. Nothing bad in that."

"I didn't mean there was." Haley fell silent.

Knowing she cared made me warm inside. Carol and I had made it abundantly clear to everyone that there was no bad blood between us. Still, some of Carol's friends has turned passive-aggressive.

"I should really start getting ready." Haley grabbed her backpack. "You don't mind if I use the shower?"

"There are more towels in the bedroom closet."

Haley's showering summoned my boner, and with it arrived shame. We were both adults. Yet, I felt wanting her was wrong on some level—if not all. I had spent my time with work and weekends playing video games or hitting the gym. My friends had urged me to get back on the saddle. I hadn't bothered explaining how some things were still too jumbled to even think about dating again. Nobody deserved to be a rebound for Carol.

Haley emerged from the shower expedition in a frilly, black-and-white dress with only the barest amount of eyeliner. The wet towel got discarded over the door. "Where am I sleeping?"

"Here, on the sofa. There's a spare key hanging on the fridge."

Haley retrieved it and spun the key chain on her finger. "I'll try to be quiet when I return. Don't wait up. There are lot of bands in the competition."

"I'll get everything ready so you can just fall down. Don't leave your drink alone, and don't drink too much."

"I won't, Dad. See ya."

After the door shut behind Haley, I felt the tension fade away. I played some more, watched half of a movie, and got up to prepare the sofa. Haley was short enough to sleep on it unobstructed. I chose matching sheets and pillowcase. I remembered stuff like that had been really important to her on her teens.

I went to bed hoping talking to Haley would be more natural in the morning. In high school, you thought things would get easier when you grew up. Unfortunately, being an adult was just as tough. People were just better at hiding how they were winging it.

Maybe I could escape to the gym? Haley probably had better things to do than hang at my place, so she would leave early. Well, as early as one wakes up after clubbing. If she even came here for the night. Surely, there were many eager boys willing to take her home.

There was a sting in my gut when I had that thought. I felt silly. Was I really so lonely that I was pining for every girl that came close to me? Even my ex's sister?

The sad answer? Yes. It wasn't only that, though. Haley was fun and quick-witted. She was cute. It made sense to be interested in her. But that road only led to trouble. 

Eventually, sleep saved me from my circling thoughts.

* * *

I woke to a morning wood. There had been sex in my dreams, but with whom and where, I had no clue. The details drifted into oblivion while my senses came back to me. I was hot even without my blanket. Instead, I was hugging something warm and soft. A cloud of blue hair filled my view when I opened my eyes.

I rolled away as soon as I understood what was going on, conscious to the fact my hard-on had pressed against Haley's ass.

"I'm so sorry!" Haley blurted and stumbled out of the bed. She was wearing an oversized Metallica T-shirt as a nightie. "Your neighbors kept making noise, and I couldn't sleep, so I snuck in here."

"You could've said something." I laid on my stomach and prayed my cock would start to behave.

Haley stood with her face turned away from me. "I tried, but I you didn't wake up."

"No harm done. Sorry I hugged you. I mean that I..."

"It's nothing. It's my fault."

"Could you make us coffee or something, or do you want to sleep some more? I can go to the gym."

Haley rushed out of the room.

I could smell her on the pillow next to me. Hints of lemon and raspberry filled my nose. Whatever shampoo she was using wasn't the crap I smeared in my hair on occasion. There were a couple of blue hairs left as proof that she had really been there and this wasn't just another dream state.

I had slept only in my boxers. Luckily, I had woken up, or God knows how I might've embarrassed myself further. After another minute when my boner still refused to behave, I snatched a towel from the closet and rushed into the bathroom. If I was quick, I could rub one out during the shower and Haley would never know.

I turned the water on and threw my boxers into the laundry basket. My cock twitched when I grabbed it. It yearned to be touched by someone other than me. Maybe going for a one night stand wouldn't be that bad. At least I wouldn't make a fool of myself in front of someone I knew.

While the water flowed over me, I slid my fingers up and down my shaft. I could smell Haley again. I pictured myself kissing her back. She would press her ass against me, teasing my cock. My hands tingled, and I stroked faster. Her pussy would be wet and demanding. I'd wrap my hands around her, entering her with one hard push. She'd moan and tremble in my arms.

I used shower gel for lube and quickened the pace. Foam dripped on the floor, the water sweeping it away. There was a sudden loud knock on the door.

"What are you doing?" Haley asked.

I froze, only moments from orgasm. "Just taking a quick shower. I'll be right out."

"Are you masturbating?"

The water hitting the floor was the only sound for a moment. All of the foam washed away, revealing my aching cock yearning for release. I just stood there my fingers around my shaft and stared at the door.

"Could you come out?" Haley finally asked. Her voice cracked. Out of nervousness? "I'd like to talk."

I turned off the shower, my hand resting on the cool, metal handle while I glanced at my towel that seemed so far away. "Can't we talk through the door?"

"Please."

I haphazardly dried off, put the boxers back on, and wrapped the towel around my waist. Still, I felt like my raging erection could be seen from miles away. I cracked the door and peered out. Haley stood in the hall twisting the hem of her shirt. She looked up as the light from the bathroom hit her face.

"I'm really sorry. I lied. There was no noise. I just wanted to lay next to you for a while."

"Why?"

"Because you're a great guy, and I wanted to know what it would feel like to be with you. I know it was super creepy. I was just going to go back to the sofa when you rolled over and put your arm around me. I hoped you'd roll back, but it got cozy. Then I fell asleep."

The coffee maker bubbled in the kitchen.

"Yeah, okay." I could buy her story, but I was still curious. Haley looked like a child caught with her hand in the cookie jar. "But why?"

Her eyes dropped again. "I wanted to ask you out the moment I heard you and Carol broke up. I thought maybe after this long, you were up for dating again. I was wrong. You still see me as a little girl. More like a sister than a woman. I can live with that, I'm not a child. I just wanted to entertain the idea that you'd be with me—even for a moment."

"I don't—"

Her fists clenched. "You don't have to sugarcoat this."

"I'm not—"

"If you don't like me, that's okay. But I felt it." She looked at my crotch, and damn it, my cock twitched. "Maybe you don't want to date me, but we could be friends with benefits. I haven't had sex in five months. I'd really like some. I know I'm totally in the stalker territory right now, but you are a really bangable dude."

My head was spinning. What should I say? There were no easy answers. Or maybe any. "It's not that I don't like you. You look really fine, but..."

"I'm Carol's little sister."

"It's not even the 'little' part. I'd have to tell her eventually."

"Why?" Haley asked.

"Because if I don't and she finds out, she'll think I hid it from her."

"So you're going to report to her all the women you bang from here to eternity?"

"You know you're a special case." I couldn't face her gaze anymore. She wasn't completely wrong. "I don't know if I'm ready yet."

"Okay. I didn't mean to harass you. Even if it totally looks like that. It's just..." She brushed the back of my hand. Her voice was softer when she said, "Just consider me when you are ready to do stuff with women again?"

I watched her when she turned to go back to the kitchen. I couldn't end it like this.

The words had built up like a fortress in my chest during these solitary months. I had to force them out of my mouth. "I know it's stupid. But on some level, I feel guilty about the break-up. I couldn't live with myself if I hurt you, too."

"So I'm just a sister to you," Haley said, her back still towards me.

"I'd hardly have to masturbate in the shower if you were." When she slowly turned, I let my gaze wander over her body. "That morning wood was all you."

To my surprise, she blushed. "You ground against me."

"I am so sorry."

She snickered. "Don't worry. If anything, it was my fault. It was inevitable once I crawled into bed and snuggled with you."

"I'm so confused right now." I leaned against the wall.

"Your dick isn't."

I looked down. "I shouldn't let it make decisions."

"I'm going to say this and then leave you alone. What's the worst that could happen? I'm on the pill. Why can't two adults have some fun?"

I stared after Haley when she turned once more and went to the kitchen. I could hear her pour the coffee into mugs. She was right, and I believed her when she said all of this had started innocently. Question was, should I let it end innocently? My cock had clearly made up its mind.

"I'd probably just disappoint you," I said weekly, stepping into the kitchen. "I haven't been with a woman in over nine months."

"You forget stuff that fast?" Haley asked from behind the rim of her coffee mug. She had chosen the purple one with all the unicorns. The one Carol had left behind.

I bit my lip. Should I go with the truth? "I just want to throw you on the bed and fuck you senseless."

She took a step closer. "What's stopping you?" 

I let the towel fall. "Because if it's you, I'd like to savor it. I've been nervous ever since you asked to stay here. It's true, you didn't really hit my radar before because you are Carol's sister. But I like you. We've been friends for years, and I'd rather do this with someone I know than some random chick from a bar."

"Who's talking now? You or your dick?" Haley asked and put the mug on the table.

I took her hand. Her fingers were smooth and cold despite holding the hot beverage. After all, she was still wearing only the T-shirt. My throat felt tight suddenly. "Maybe you should ask it?"

She smiled when I traced her fingers over my stomach and down to my boxers. I bent to kiss her. She rose to her toes at the same time, and we banged our foreheads together. Nervous laughter burst out while we looked at each other.

This second time, we were both careful until our lips touched. She tasted of coffee. The kiss was filled with desperate force. Her cold fingers were a hot iron on my skin. I had forgotten how wonderful it was to be touched. I almost yelped when her hand made its way into my boxers. She kissed my chest, and I pressed her against me, concentrating on the feeling of her fingers running up and down my shaft.

"Did I really cause this?" Haley asked, her voice husky.

"This wasn't the first time."

Haley tugged on my boxers until they dropped to my ankles. Then she knelt before me while pressing more kisses on my skin.

"What are you—"

"You told me to ask it." She took a firm grip of my cock and placed a kiss on the head, to which it twitched. "It likes me."

I gulped as shivers raced up from where she held me.

Her eyes on me, she licked under the head then slowly let her lips wander around it.

The wet warmth of her mouth made me gasp. I grabbed the table to stop from crumbling under her touch. Her sexy gaze. When her head moved slowly back and forth, dancing lights cluttered my vision. Her tongue caressed the sides of my cock as she took it deeper. She started to stroke with one hand while the other groped my ass.

I panted at the building orgasm. It would've been so easy to just let her take me all the way. I whined and grabbed her stroking hand instead. An audible groan escaped my lips when I pulled her up and my cock left her mouth. "Not yet!"

"I don't mind cum," Haley said. She let out a joyous cry when I lifted her completely off the ground.

I took her in my arms, and she kissed me again. For a moment, I just stood there holding her while we kissed, our tongues exploring each others mouths. My cock was wet after her treatment and felt chilly now. I finally staggered to the bedroom while still kissing her.

"You asked for this." I threw her on the bed. She laughed and struggled with her shirt and threw it on the floor. I noticed that she didn't on have any panties. "Where did those go?"

"They were soaked."

I lowered myself on her and kissed her between her breasts. Her nipples were already hard. They grew more taut while I played with them. Now it was her turn to shiver. I licked and sucked on one breast and then moved to the other. My mouth wandered over her collar bone one kiss at a time and then attacked her neck. She twisted and trembled under me. After I had made her whole neck blazing red, I traced my way back to her breasts and then continued downward.

"No time." She pushed me back and slid her fingers between her pussy lips. I could hear the wet sounds when she pushed them inside. Her blue hair framed her flustered face. "I told you, I'm soaked. I want your dick right now."

I knelt between her spread legs. Her pussy was glistening from her juices. My cock felt hot in my hand. She looked pleadingly at me. Slowly, I pushed my cock inside her.

Breathing heavily, Haley bit her lip and closed her eyes. "It's been way too long. Give it to me."

I took my time, but only because I didn't want to cum instantly. She was so wet, it took no effort to bury my cock completely in her. The need to fuck her drummed in my veins. She wasn't the only one who needed this.

She wrapped her legs around me and lifted her hips to meet each of my thrusts. I slipped one arm under shoulders and held her to me. She hung onto my neck with one of hers. She weighed next to nothing.

The bed creaked in our rhythm. Our bodies were hot. My back was already sweaty. 

Haley let go of me and grasped the sheets. A quiet whimper escaped her mouth. Her eyes opened and looked up at me, but they were glassy. Her moaning grew louder with every thrust.

My muscles burned from the strain. My lust forced me to fuck her harder than I usually would have. I, too, was left without words and just grunted when I tried to tell her to cum for me.

For a moment, I thought I had hurt Haley in my haste as a wailing scream erupted from her throat. Then I felt her orgasm. Her body thrashed under me, and her head swung from side to side. It was pure bliss watching her.

When her legs fell limp and her back touched the bed once again, my cock hit some new place inside of her. My orgasm burst like a dam. I collapsed on my elbows and kept fucking her with everything I had. The pleasure blasted through my skull, making my ears hum.

The next time I understood what was happening, I was lying on top of Haley, and we both were drenched in sweat.

"Don't," she groaned when I tried to pull out. She wiggled her hand between us, and I could feel her rub herself. She shivered and moaned in the midst of a new, smaller orgasm. Then she let out a long, pleased sigh.
