 My sister-in-law Patty, is what I would consider to be a bitch. She has never worked a day in her adult life. Her husband provides everything she needs, and she uses her credit card freely. 

However, she makes everyone's life a living hell. My brother-in law is a good guy, but she belittles him and is always yelling at him. I always thought he stuck around only because they had two school age children.

I asked my wife what was Patty's problem.

"Who knows?" she said.

This was a subject that the family did not like to bring up very often.

I was off work one day and my wife asked me to deliver a box of items over to the in-laws house. I said it was no problem, so I ran them over that morning. I was told that Patty never rolls out of bed much before 11am. When I rolled into their driveway, it was 11:20am, she must be up by now.

I knocked on the door, we were always told never to ring the doorbell, in case Patty was still snoozing. 

I called out, "Patty?"

There was no answer, complete silence, in fact. Her car was still in the driveway, so I knew she had to be around. Maybe she was upstairs. I went up the steps and called again. Still no reply. I peeked around the corner into their bedroom.

There she was, Patty, lying on top of the covers, naked. She looked half asleep, I couldn't really tell. I could tell that she was rubbing her clit with one of her fingers.

The room was dark, and I doubted she could even see me standing there. I moved in closer.

"Patty," I called again.

"Come here," she said.

This was a bit risky, but I went over to the bed. Patty was working her finger all over her love button. Her hips were coming up off the bed.

Patty was never what I would consider beautiful. She was thin and had small tits. Right now, none of that mattered. I sat down on the edge of the bed. Patty reached out and took my arm, as if she wanted me closer. I got onto to the bed and crawled in between her thighs. I buried my tongue into her gushing hole.

It nearly took Patty's breath away, when I pushed my tongue in deep. I don't know if it was right then or not, but she seemed to snap out of her stupor.

"Oh my God, Jack!"

I didn't back off now. I pushed a finger in and that really set Patty off. She was squirming now, maybe trying to get away, or maybe just trying to get off. it didn't matter to me anymore.

I got up on my knees and started to shed my clothes. My pants came down to my knees and my shirt was off. Patty just waited there with her legs spread wide.

I took my cock in my hand and guided it to Patty's wide open pussy. She reached out and guided me in, We were both breathing hard at this point.

My cockhead was in place and I sunk into my sister-in-laws pussy. There was no build up, we went right to it. She wrapped her long legs around me, and squeezed me into her love hole. Patty was very loud in bed, I only hoped the neighbors couldn't hear us. 

I was almost pulling my cock out with every stroke. To Patty's credit, she took my 9 inches and made it all hers. Her pussy was making slurping noises, as I felt my mushroom head hitting bottom. Patty begged me to fuck her, use her, and make her my bitch. I was going to do all those things if I had enough time.

My rigid shaft was sliding so easily into her wet passage, I could hardly feel her pussy muscles. I wanted to bring her off in the worst way. I reached down with my thumb, and pressed her clit. I thought she was going to leap off the bed!

I kept pushing with my thumb and pounding into her pussy and the dam finally broke. I could feel her scorching hot flow hitting my cock. I ploughed into her a few more times, then sent my own load deep into her belly. It didn't stop there. 

We wrestled on the bed as we came together. I held her wrists down and she fought back at me. I kept fucking her with my fat cock until she submitted and collapsed beneath me. 

I finally pulled my dick out of her, and went into the bathroom to clean up. When I came back, Patty pulled me into her and we kissed awhile. She told me that was the hottest lovemaking she had experienced in quite sometime.

She said my brother-in-law wasn't as big as I was in the cock department. She came multiple times with me and she didn't want this to end, she wanted me to steal into the bedroom again and again, were her words. 

I left the package and got back to my house. My wife asked if everything was ok.

"Just fine," I told her. "Let me know when you need me to deliver anything more!"