 I want to write this down before I forget it -- because I want to refer back to it often. I want to remember this period in my life for a very long time -- maybe forever.

I'd about given up hope because I'm in my early thirty's -- hell! I'm thirty four. I've met a bunch of guys, and slept with some. But, I want one of my own. It's not easy -- I'm not easy! I have a career and I stay busy. I love my work and meet a lot of nice people, but I've never found Mr. Right. I've wanted to believe that he's still out there - somewhere! But, is he?

I mean I have a strong appreciation for sex, but I've only enjoyed a few real encounters and they've always been the vanilla kind. I'm not kinky and I've chased off guys that were and expected me to be. I'm also a large girl. I'm taller than average, heavier than average, larger than average all over. Don't get me wrong, I'm not really fat although some might argue. I have a large, ample bust and ample hips -- you might even call them more than ample -- but I like them and although I might be able to lose a few pounds, I'm just big boned -- I think with a grin.

I'm not one of those skinny Barbie dolls who might break at the first strong guy they encounter. I have nothing against these gals and find them quite beautiful, but it's not me. My two best friends are Barbie dolls. They drag me out several times a month, even though they fight the guys off with broomsticks. We go out and have fun at clubs and Karaoke bars, and even movies and a concert or two. They never bring a male friend and won't get with a guy when we're out together, except to dance, unless there's one for me, too. They're good friends, but I need more.

But, to get on with my story -- at work we were expanding for the third time in five years. We had bought the place next door and wanted to change and add a doorway between the two spaces and a bunch of other things. The boss had written a specification and wish list for what she wanted and had invited bids from local contractors. Guess who was detailed to give these guys the 'job walks'? Yep! Yours truly. 

I mean what did I know about a job walk? I was never trained as a contractor. But, she insisted that she was too busy and that I was the only one she trusted. So, I did it. The first few contractors that came in asked questions about building support columns, and structural significances -- whatever they are. I just told them that they'd have to figure those out for themselves, and I went on with what the place should 'look like' when they were finished.

One guy came in, a small contractor guy, and walked through and only asked a few simple questions and then asked about the deadline for bids. He was a quiet type, large and well proportioned. He looked strong and capable, and he had a nice smile. But, he never said much and left.

A week later, after the bids were all in and the boss had reviewed them, she called me into the office and asked me about this one contractor. It took me a few minutes to place the company and I had to review my notes. It was the quiet guy's company. The boss was impressed with his bid and with the sketches that he'd included. He'd even gone on to make a few suggestions to improve the appearance of the place and included the cost for those as adders to his price.

Well -- to make a long story a bit easier to tell -- she awarded the guy the job and assigned me as her watchdog to make sure everything got done -- and on time. The guy started the following week with a crew of three other guys. It was late fall, but warm for the season. The other guys would take off their shirts in the afternoon while working, but he always left his on. He probably thought that as the boss he should retain some professionalism and dress like one.

Anyway, one day it started hot and just kept getting hotter. I noticed that about eleven that morning, he took off his own shirt. All of them were a ways off, but I had them in view most of the time. When he took his shirt off, my mouth dropped open. He was gorgeous, if I can use that description on a man. I mean he was all muscle with great abs and chest and really nice biceps.

When he swung a hammer, I could just watch. I'm afraid that my work suffered during those times. I even day-dreamed about what he might be like -- alone with me. The work went on for almost two months and was nearing completion when he came in one day and requested a 'partial payment' for work that was already completed and materials delivered. I mean the guy did a great job, so I went in and asked the boss. She'd walked through the place after they'd left the previous night and was also impressed. She wrote him a check. He smiled, a lot! And then thanked me for being the one to get it for him. I tried to explain but he'd not hear me.

The day the job was complete, most of the men he'd brought were already released from the job, when he came in and asked us to give the work a final once over. I got the boss, and half our staff, and toured the changes. Everything was perfect, and the boss wrote him a final check right then.

After he got the check, he seemed to just hang around doing little things on the job. He sent everyone else home and then mopped a part of the floor alone and vacuumed the rugs. About quitting time, the boss left. A few of our people were leaving and the rest were getting ready to leave. I was wondering how to get him out of there so that I could go home, too. All of a sudden, he stopped what he was doing and walked over to me. He stammered and had some trouble getting it out, but then he actually asked me out on a date. Hooray for me!

Well, our date was superb. He took me to a fine restaurant that was much better than I'd ever been to before. The funny part was that I knew more about the menu than he did. I'd just assumed that he took all his dates to the place. I couldn't have been more wrong. I was the first gal that he'd ever taken to a restaurant on a date. He usually ate at fast food places, in his truck with them, or at an inside table. He was a hamburger and fried chicken man.

After the dinner, we went to a walk-in movie theatre and enjoyed a good movie. We were in the last fifteen minutes of the show when he finally put his arm on the back of my seat. When the movie was over, we quietly sat there until the theatre was empty. As we stood up, he leaned over and kissed me on the cheek. It was so cute, but I couldn't let him get away with that. So, I wrapped my arms around him and gave him a real kiss. Well, that must have seared his feet, because the next thing I knew we were sitting back down, with the armrest up and making out like crazy. It took an usher who seemed to sneak up on us, to tell us the movie was over and that we'd have to leave unless we wanted to buy another ticket.

When we got to his truck we made out for two hours before he drove me home. When we got to my place, the makeout continued for another hour. It was early Saturday morning and we were quite conspicuous sitting in the truck outside my place. So, what else could I do? I invited him in. We made out for awhile on the sofa, and I was hot -- and wet. We started experimenting and found that we each enjoyed oral and I found out that he had the best equipment I'd ever seen and certainly the best that I'd ever heard of. I mean he was big, and long, and hard and he really enjoyed me and I enjoyed him -- a lot!

Well, that night was special, but it isn't what my story is about -- so I'm just going to tell you that it was great and so were the next two months. We almost lived together in my place, and made love all the time -- I mean continuously.

During that time, he told me about his place. He knew everything about building and construction. he knew electrical and plumbing as well as drywall, flooring, foundations and framing a building. The man was a genius. He could have been an engineer. Meanwhile, my place was in better shape than it had ever been in. Everything worked! Even the vacuum cleaner was fixed, a new garbage disposal installed and two extra wall outlets in the bedroom were added.

He also, told me about his place, although I'd never seen it. He said that he'd purchased this old 'fixer-upper' and had some ideas about what he wanted in his own place. He'd virtually rebuilt it, but wouldn't tell me how it was furnished. I knew where it was, but still I'd never been there. I was beginning to suspect a wife or other woman -- but I didn't want to hear so I kept quiet.

I finally decided that I wanted some time off work, and thought maybe we'd spend it together. I told him that I was going to be off two weeks starting Friday night. Well, he really surprised me when he suggested that maybe I could spend it with him at his place. He said that it would be interesting and fun -- if I agreed. He also told me that he would be out of town Friday night and suggested that I come over Saturday morning and make myself comfortable. He told me where he hid the key, and so I agreed. He kind of warned me that things might be different over there, and that if I was unhappy I could leave and he wouldn't be upset. What could I be upset about? I agreed.

Come Saturday morning, I packed stuff for two weeks and drove over to his place. I found the key exactly where he'd said it would be, and so I went in. I left my bags in the trunk planning to take them in later. The place was definitely a bachelor's pad, but nicely done. However, I did notice some strange things there.

For one thing, there was a kind of double drapery arrangement between the living room and what might be called a family room. The drapery was very soft, kind of elegant, and on each side of the walls they came about a third of the way from each side and were tied doubly. One set of ties was about five feet above the floor, and the second was only a foot above the floor. The two sets were spaced such that a pair of funny looking 'tables' -- I didn't know what else to call them were against the wall, between them on each side. As you walked through the place, you walked past one set of drapes neatly tied back on each side, then walked in front of the tables, and finally through the second identical set of drapes after the tables. Strange!

I said they were tables, but maybe I can describe them, a little. They were each about four feet tall, had a kind of padded, soft leather top and the tops were shaped like the letter 'L'. Each had a pair of front cabinet doors and when I opened them I found a kind of small liquor cabinet, but there were only soft drinks and fruit juice in them. They were refrigerated. They also had some strange pieces attached around the outside, and they were padded, too.

There was a basement that was equipped with games, a small shooting type gallery with a straight-backed wooden chair that traveled back and forth. There was also what appeared to be some old Carnival rides. One ride was the old kind that you saw at a carnival where two people could get into -- on opposite sides -- a wire cage that was round, sat upright, and that could be made to rotate. We've all seen them they looked like a giant exercise wheel for hamsters. The problem was that there was room on only one side -- the opposite side seemed to be filled with a large chunk of metal.

The bedroom had mirrors all over the walls and ceiling. The bed was a large 'round' four poster if you can imagine what that might be. There were no side rails, and the posts were about two feet higher than the rest of the bed. It didn't look like anybody had ever slept in it. There was a large scarlet colored spread on it, and when I sat down I found that it had an air mattress that was very comfortable.

I checked out the refrigerator and found it well stocked. All of the things a person could want were in that kitchen! And it was laid out perfectly. Except for the strangeness in a few places around the house, I liked the place.

I wasn't sure what time he'd be home, and so I checked the time and decided to fix lunch in case he returned home by then. I knew what he liked and found everything in the kitchen. He was home within the hour and I met him at the door. We kissed and hugged and he showed me the house again, and mysteriously left out the items that so intrigued me.

We had lunch and then he disappeared into the bedroom for a few minutes. He came out and asked me to put on the dress that he'd left on the bed. When I went to the bedroom, I thought he'd made a mistake because I didn't see a dress. As I started to turn, I noticed it. It was almost invisible against that scarlet bed cover. It was a very soft, form-fitting, zippered-front dress that ended only an inch below my bottom. I was wearing a longline bra because gals my size sometimes need the extra support, but I removed it so that it wouldn't show. I left my bikini's on. I put on the dress and it clung to me perfectly making me feel almost nude. I returned to him in the living room.

We ate lunch, and as we were returning through that draped alcove to the living room, he stopped and kissed me passionately. Then he asked me if I trusted him, and I was only a little hesitant when I replied yes. He told me to close my eyes and then he moved my arms behind me. I did close my eyes and as I listened I heard him walk from side to side in that small space. A moment later, I felt my hands being secured with what I thought might be fuzzy handcuffs, but then almost as suddenly my arms were being raised at an angle above my head.

I opened my eyes to find that he'd tied the drapery tie-back from each side of the alcove to my wrists and then pulled them up and secured them again so that my arms were pointing up and toward the edges of the ceiling. I started to protest, but he kissed me again and slowly unzipped the front of the dress. Next he removed my panties and I was left with the dress hanging open from my shoulders and otherwise nude except for shoes. The shoes came off next and then he walked again to the draperies, removed the lower tiebacks and secured them around my ankles. The drapes were now hanging straight down at my sides and he pulled the tiebacks so that I had to spread my legs to ease the tension. I was standing spread-eagled and fully tied. I'd never experienced nipple clamps before, but I had heard of them. He slowly applied one to each nipple and it hurt.

Again I started to protest, the room was warm, but I was beginning to get a chill from the events that had surprised me. He stepped behind me and kissed the back and then each side of my neck. His hands started gently stroking my body from my exposed arms, down across my shoulders, under my arms, and then down my sides. He paused a moment at the sides of my breasts, but did not touch them as his hands moved down my sides to my waist and across my hips to my legs and down each leg. The touching was quite erotic and I could feel my pleasure building. 

A moment later he had a soft silk scarf in his hands and began caressing me with it. He dragged it slowly over my breasts and their clamped, hardened nipples and swirled it around my neck and shoulders. He used it to tickle my tummy and mound. Finally he moved it between my legs and raised one end high above my back and the other in front above waist height. Slowly he dragged it between my legs and up the crack he found behind. The pressure increased as he pulled it tighter and I felt my cheeks parting in back and my lips parting below. Still he dragged as the scarf found that soft pink behind and my soft inner pussy. The feeling was exquisite and I closed my eyes in pleasure and concentration as he worked. I climaxed twice while he was busy at it. Finally he tied the wet scarf around my head and between my lips. I could smell my own scent and taste myself on the scarf.

Next, he ran his hands up the inside of my thighs and although I'm quite ticklish, the effect was mesmerizing and I wanted him to continue. His hands and fingers slowly caressed my inner thighs and then up to brush my lips. My crotch tingled and my pussy shivered with delight. I wanted him to continue, but he stood and began a slow methodical exploration of my body with both lips and tongue. I found myself squirming and was unable to do anything more than stretch the drawstrings on my hands and ankles more tightly. He was in control of everything that was happening and I wanted more. He moved in front of me and placed a hand on each breast and began massaging my nipples. As he squeezed and then began twirling them between his thumbs and fingers, his mouth came up and sealed a kiss on my lips. I tried to devour his tongue and I stretched to make the kiss last longer, but he pulled back and moved to my breasts. His mouth was alive and his tongue demanding from first one nipple and then the other. He left for a few moments and returned with something in his hands. He touched me again and his icy cold hands drew shivers through my body.

Again he dropped, but this time to my soft tummy where I could see and feel his exploration and warm mouth. He nipped me slightly in a series of small bites from my navel to my mound. His hands moved from my breasts to my waist and he pulled me to his face and began by blowing softly on the patch of soft brown hair he found there. His mouth formed a kiss with my lips and then his tongue began tracing one lip and then the next. He sat on the floor and locked his arms around my thighs while he worked. The effect was dramatic as I came alive in response to his tongue. He released one thigh and moved a hand up to lift the hood and expose my clitoris. Suddenly I felt him slap me across one cheek. I was momentarily disoriented and my butt stung from the slap, but then I realized that it actually felt good as he slapped the other cheek. There were no more slaps, but the feelings it left could be called high arousal.

His mouth followed his hand and his tongue lapped until it was slowly sucked into his mouth. I can only imagine how swollen I was, but I felt as rigid as any man might as he worked. He quickly removed the nipple clamps and the electricity started at my nipples and spread downward through my tummy and into my crotch. It then went straight to my clit as I sucked in air. I clenched my butt and the muscles in them started tightening hard as I fought to maintain control. Finally, I abandoned any effort at self-control and yielded totally to his mouth. I was about to climax when his hand brought an ice cube to my clit and massaged it. The effect was incredible and instantaneous.

I climaxed again and again, and then he moved his fingers to me and slowly inserted one and moved it slowly in a circle causing my pussy to be stretched in every direction. When he was satisfied that I was thoroughly wet and on the verge of yet another climax, he inserted two more fingers and began massaging that special spot against the front wall. His thumb, too, clenched that space between clit and vagina as he manipulated me. I felt his hands and tongue and I knew that I was going to cum again. That feeling started in the pit of my tummy and quickly traveled to my crotch and then at the speed of light it struck my clit and vagina at the same instant. 

I climaxed, and climaxed and spewed forth juices to his waiting lips. A virtual torrent of fluid cascaded across his face, but he didn't stop, and I was not in my own body to object. I wanted it to go on forever and he still kept it up. He put an ice cube in his mouth and pushed it into my swollen pussy with his tongue and did it once more and I was filled with the cold and his tongue. The pleasure was too great and I must have passed out, because my eyes were closed and the next thing I heard was something being moved. First from one side and then from the other. I was picked up bodily and placed on a new piece of furniture.

As I slowly gained my senses, I noticed first that the tables in the alcove were missing and then I realized that he'd put the two 'L-shaped' tables together to form a 'T'. My head was hanging off one end, my shoulders supported in the middle and my butt overhung the other end. And then, quite surprisingly, he raised one of those funny things around the sides of the table and I found that they supported my hips quite comfortably. Then he was around the table and raising another under my head as soft as a pillow. My arms and legs were still spread-eagled, but I was comfortable.
