 Chapter 1 - At Work

Jo hated working at the family boat yard, cleaning wasn't her ideal job but it brought in the money she needed to enjoy herself every now and then. Today was one of the worst types of days, it had been raining all week, dragging herself out of bed late she had forgotten her bra and the rain had soaked through her t shirt quicker than she had imagined. Thankfully it was black but that didn't make the full pert shape of her ample breasts less visible. Something which she became very aware of as she passed the yard hands working on a boat, their stares felt almost hot enough to dry her shirt!

Sliding her curvy hips down the steps at the rear of the boat she was glad to be indoors, but the hirers had left the heating on which made it humid and warm, she slipped the soaked denim skirt down over her shapely thighs figuring it could dry whilst she cleaned in just her leggings, decided to keep her leather biker style boots on, ( they made her feel less naked) she cracked on with cleaning the kitchen.

Shaun had watched Jo pass him soaked to the skin, breasts bouncing and nipples stood to attention and he wasn't sure he had taken his eyes off her since, it wasn't until he watched her rounded ass disappear inside the boat that he realised her nipples weren't the only thing that was hard.

Making his excuses to the lads he tucked his cock in to his waistband and made his excuses to go get some parts from the pump house. On his way over the bridge his brain lost focus and he found himself drifting towards jo's boat. Giving her the excuse that the bathrooms needed fixing he made his way towards her.

The creak of the doors a the front of the boat shocked Jo out of her day dream, she quickly checked that her leggings weren't see through she carried on with her business. She briefly acknowledged Shaun ad his request to fix the bathrooms, but noticed his awkward stance as he saddled in to the boat.

Shaun shut the door behind him in the bathroom and steadied himself on the sink. Staring in the mirror he tried to calm himself, he was a married man and Jo was ten ears his junior. Out of the corner of his eye he saw her denim skirt drying on the radiator and his cock pulsed as an instant reaction. His hands were shaking as he slid himself through the bathroom door he was glad of his choice to work on the narrow boats.

Shaun emerged quickly from the bathroom an made his way towards Jo. The kitchen was less than 3ft wide and Jo hoisted herself slightly so that she was leaning on the worktops on her tip toes so he could pass by. As he brushed by she felt the unmistakable hardness of his cock press against her ass. He stopped straight behind her and she was sure he thrust towards her. She turned to look at him over her shoulder with a slight smirk.

Her suspicions were confirmed when she felt his hands grip her hips firmly and his hit breath on her neck. No words were spoken between them but as Shaun slowly traced his tongue from her ear to her collar bone she felt her pussy twitch and moisten. His hands slid up the back of her wet shirt, past where her bra strap should have been and moved to the front slowly twisting her nipples with his fingers.

Shaun couldn't believe what he was doing, there was silence but no objection. Jo hadn't moved since he'd stood here but as he squeezed he nipples he felt her squirm at his crotch. Slowly he watched her drop her cloth and reach behind her. As of in slow motion she bypassed his cock and gently fondled his balls.

Jo couldn't take his hands on her any more and the impression of his cock on her ass was all too tempting. Knowing that the cupboards would hide her should anyone look through the window she turned and slid to get knees taking Shaun's trackies with her just enough to make his impressive cock slide in to view.

Shaun braced himself on the kitchen units as Jo slid the tip of his cock into her warm mouth. The sensation was instant as she applied pressure and suction at the same time as running her tongue around the most sensitive part of him. He closed his eyes and leaned his head back as he lost himself in jo's mouth and perhaps the best blow job of his life.

Jo realised that although the other workers couldn't see her they could definitely see Shaun slowly rocking with a look of ecstasy on his face. She gave him one last suck, lifted her head and uttered one word "move".

Shaun was shocked at her confidence but did as he was told and followed her into the cramped bathroom with its tiny and more importantly frosted window. He stood dumb founded as Jo slid her leggings down and off one leg lifted herself on to the edge of the sink and whilst looking straight into his eyes pushed him down , wrapping her legs around his neck and leaning back against the mirror he knew what was expected.

Jo exhaled as she felt the warmth of Shaun's tongue envelop her clit, slowly and expertly he flicked, licked and most impressively sucked her until she was writhing. His fingers slowly entered her and her body began to quiver as he slowly fucked her with his hand and sucked her simultaneously.

Shaun lifted his head to watch jo's face as she came in strong slow waves, feeling her wetness spill on to his hand he had to get his cock in her and fast. Pulling her t shirt down to expose he tits he applied the same expert tongue work to her nipples as he had her clit. Slipping his hands under he knees he lifters her up on to his cock, wrapping her legs around his waist she slowly slid down over him.

Jo felt the tip of Shaun's cock enter her and was glad she was being supported it would take some time to get his length into her tight wet pussy. She bounced, slowly but just enough to make sure her tits were buoyant and he was having to work to keep her nipple in his mouth. Inch by inch she worked his cock inside until he was ball deep. She felt her muscles contracting around his hardness.

Shaun was in heaven, he hadn't had a pussy so tight or tits so pert for a long time. He stared as Jo bounced, breathing deeply and gasping when she took all of him into her. Not sure how long he could hold on he closed his eyes. When he opened them he almost shot his load as he watched Jo bounce and simultaneously rub his clot with two fingers.

Jo held tighter, perhaps too tight with her left hand, digging her nails into Shaun's back as she rubbed her clit with her right. She pulled back to look him directly in the face upping her pace on both his cock and her clit she slowly traced the outline of his open mouth with her tongue, once , twice and then feeling Shaun gasp and his cock throb inside her she bit his lower lip gently and pulled it towards her.

Shaun couldn't hold on, feeling jo's tongue was one thing but the minute her teeth sunk into his lip his cock responded by firing pre cum deep inside her. Gripping jo's ass tighter and forcing her down on to him harder he pounded her until he felt his balls throb and he pumped his cum deep Inside her.

Jo continued to strum her pussy whilst Shaun exploded deep into her pussy. She came hard as he collapsed into her breasts frantically kissing all that e could reach. She slid down off the sink, sliding back into her leggings and licking her fingers she planted a kiss on Shaun's cheek and left the bathroom.

Shaun stood for a moment before he pulled up his trackies. Splashing his face with water he was amazed at this young girls ability to dominate him and he had only said one word.

Jo watched as Shaun left the boat, smiling to herself, she couldn't wait for work next week.