 The night was amazing. Great food, great conversation and it was about to end with great sex. We had gone out to a five star restaurant for dinner. And like a simmering pot on a red hot stove, I was getting closer and closer to boiling over. It had been months since I'd had that big hard cock in any hole and sitting across from it while we made polite conversation was taking its toll.

"You've got that look in your eyes." Your voice is quiet yet lustful. I quietly moan, leaning back in my seat at our semi-private table and seductively stroke my hand from my exposed neck to my shoulder. I kick off one black pump and slide my stocking clad foot up the inside of your leg, eventually letting it rest on the chair near your cock. 

"I do?" asking with the most innocent voice I can. Edging forward, I start tracing the edge of my martini glass. As I slowly dip my finger in my Cosmopolitan, I lower my voice asking, "What look would that be?"

Your eyes are glued to my now rising finger, dripping with my favorite combination of cranberry, triple sec and Grey Goose. My glossy lips part as the pink tip of my tongue flicks out to lick up a single drop. You start thinking about exactly what I want you to think about. Two hours ago in our hotel room, it was the tip of your cock I was flicking with the tip of my tongue while staring into those blue eyes.

Lifting your napkin from your lap, you toss it onto the table and stand. Always a gentleman, you move to pull out my chair, ready to leave as the check's been paid. We make our way to the elevator your hand at the small of my back, knowing how much that small gesture turns me on. You also notice the material of my dress doesn't lay flat against my skin, you wonder what I am wearing underneath. 

While we wait for the elevator, you are standing slightly behind me as your hand slowly caresses down the sweet curve of my ass. "That would be that look, in those brown eyes telling me how wet you are right now." Your whisper in my ear sends erotic chills down my spine. "And that I could get you to do just about anything...isn't that right baby?" 

My breathless 'yes' is barely audible over the sound of the elevator opening. An older couple exits just before we enter, giving us a very disapproving glare.

You precede me into the elevator. We move to stand facing each other on opposite ends of the small space. I lean back against the mirrored wall with my hands behind my back. "You look beautiful by the way." Your eyes skim my body from head to toe. I smile with that look that says I am always uncomfortable with compliments regarding my appearance but 'Thank you.' 

My very tasteful black dress gracefully hugs every curve. "Now that I've touched you, what is it that you're wearing under there?" 

Moving closer to stand before you, I take your hands and place them squarely on my waist. "Wouldn't you like to know?" You turn me into a corner, effectively blocking me from the security camera. Slyly smiling, I turn to face the mirrored corner. Placing my hands against the cool reflective surface, I look back at you saying, "Why don't you find out?" Your delicious smile tells me you're buzzed enough to play this naughty game with me. I feel your hands slide down over my hips. I spread my legs wider, bend at the waist and lean over slightly.

A quiet groan escapes my lips; I feel your hands on the outside of my thighs as you slowly drag my dress up. Sheer black hose gives way to the lacey tops of my stockings held in place by satin garters. A bit farther and you are treated to the view of my thong covered ass top off by a tightly laced waist corset. Your breath caught, you exhale, "Fuck." Your left arm slides around my cinched waist as you pull me against you. Your right hand slides over my ass right between my legs.

The discernable heat makes you harder. "Somebody's a little wet." I feel two fingers stroking my covered pussy. 'Please shove them in me.' I think to myself. And as if reading my mind, you pull the thong to the side and easily slide two fingers deep inside. Your voice purring as your stroke me, "Mmm, I bet you'd like a taste, wouldn't you?"

"Ooh, please." Is all I can manage. 

"Me first," Is your lusty response. Our gaze meets in the mirror walls as I watch you lick and suck your fingers. I am flooded with memories of that mouth between my legs. I involuntarily wet my lips wanting to taste myself. Seeing the pleading look in my eyes you plunge back inside me again and this time, bringing your fingers to my waiting mouth. 

You stare, watching my talented pink tongue lick up every drop of wetness ending with some very provocative sucking.

Before things get out of hand you smooth my dress back down and move away from me. When I turn to lean against the wall opposite of you the flush on my neck and face, not to mention the fuck-me lustful look in my eyes is blatantly obvious. Neither one of us speaks until we reach the first floor, caught up in our own little mental fantasies.

Your hand at the small of my back again, you guide me outside. "Our hotel's not far, shall we walk or do you want to take a taxi?" 

"We can walk." I reply.

I slip my hands around your arm. You smile to yourself remembering the last time I did that. As we make our way back to the hotel, you point out places of interest that you've visited. I am torn between paying attention and dragging you into an alley.

As if someone were listening, I see a semi-lit alley just ahead. I nervously bite my bottom lip. You notice I've stopped paying attention completely and ask if I am ok. Quickly, before I lose my nerve, I pull you in a dark shadow that will shield us from passerby's view. I pull you hard against me as I back up to the bricked wall. Cupping your face, I pull you down to my mouth, "Kiss me." At just that moment your sexy smell ravages my senses, I groan into your mouth and slide one leg up and around you.

Your thigh slips between my legs and your hands to my hips. You grind me against you. Between that and your delicious open mouth French kisses I am going insane with need.

One hand slides into the hair at the nape of my neck, you pull firmly knowing just how to fan my flame hotter. Ragged breathing and muted groans of pleasure escape my mouth telling you I am so close. Your sweet warmth breath in my ear heightens my arousal but it's your words that send me over the edge.

"Cum for me. Right here, right now." I brace my hands on your shoulders as I arch my cunt closer to your firm thigh. I'm riding you hard. Your hand slides between us and suddenly I feel you push into me all the way cupping my cunt. Leaning back, you drink in the view. Enough light reveals the shadows and lines of my spread legs, stockings, garters and your hand fucking me.

Alert enough to wonder what you are looking at my head falls forward and I am treated to the same view. It's the cognitive thought of what we are doing and where we are doing it that sets me off. I lean back, looking straight into your eyes. 

"Fuck, I'm going to cum," is all I can manage before my body shudders. Your mouth covers mine just to shut me up.

Your sweet tongue licks at my open mouth as you swallow my muffled groans of pleasure. At some point my hands have slid down to the open collar of your button down shirt. As I come back down to earth I loosen the grip I have at your throat. My body slowly unwinds. I finally relax and lean back against the cool brick wall. My sarcastic smile clearly illustrates my disdain at the cat-got-the-cream look on your face. You are just too proud of yourself and your ability to get me off.

My quick kiss ends in a playful bite to your bottom lip. You watch as I straighten my dress, a shot of pure pleasure races to your already hardened cock at seeing the edge of my dress being pulled down to cover my sheer lacey-edged stockings. It pleases you that I'll wear something so provocative just for your eyes only. When I am finished, I take your arm again as we continue towards the hotel. I so want to wipe that smug self-assured look off your face and on the walk back a plan forms in my mind. I smile to myself and the gesture catches your attention. 

"What?" You question.

A mischievous, naughty smile graces my face, "Nothing." I reply. Sexual tension ricochets between us. I turn to see you watching me. "Just remember, sweetheart, paybacks are a bitch," is my sarcastic retort.

Your sensuous laughter fills my ear in our private joke, "Well, when you find the woman to teach me a lesson, you let me know."

Your playful smack on my ass allows you to move to the hotel door which you hold open for me. I hadn't realized we'd returned so quickly. I follow you to the elevator. We are silent on the ride to the Executive floor but our looks speak a thousand of words. At last the elevator stops moving and we make our way to the suite...with a very, very large marble shower just made for steamy, slick, wet, slippery sex.

You surprise me yet again for near your bottle of 1971 is a bottle of chilled champagne and a silver bowl filled with strawberries. I open the '71, fill a crystal cut glass with ice and watch the golden amber liquid slowly pool inside. I walk into the master bath with your drink and the bottle. Before entering completely, I turn to look over my shoulder at you. "Bring the champagne and strawberries, if you don't mind." You wonder what I am up to now.

After setting the Glenmorangie on the marble countertop, I turn down the lighting enough that you can see everything reflected in the mirrored bathroom walls. You pour me a glass of champagne and drop in one fresh deep red strawberry. You bring the glass to me along with your own. We are standing mere inches from each other. We toast. "What are you up to minx?" 

"I want to show you something. Sit. I am sure you'll enjoy watching." I kiss your stubborn jaw. "I promise it'll be worth your while."

You make yourself as comfortable as you can for sitting on a closed commode. I take a small bottle of baby oil from the edge of the oversized tub. I turn my back to you and slowly slide my black dress off my shoulders, down my body to pool at my feet. The view, impeccable at best, stirs that beautiful cock to attention. Black seams race up the backs of my legs. The satin corset hugs my waist and flaring hips. My black thong is barely visible but is perfectly framed by the black garters.

I turn to lean over the tub turning on the water. Never changing my position, I check the water's temperature until I find it pleasurable. Finally, I turn to sit just on the edge of the tub. Pouring the oil into my hands I begin coating my arms. "Did I ever tell you about how I learned to have an orgasm?" 

Your mouth dry, you whisper, "No, you haven't." Its sexy raspy tone tells me you're riveted to my every move and not quite thinking about talking.

Your blue eyes are glued to my soft hands. You watch them slide from each arm to my shoulders to my upper chest. I see you wet your lips as my hands caress just inches above my bare breasts. With agonizing deliberate slowness, my slippery hands finally cup my tits. You blink when my hands stop moving. I move to straddle the oversized tub's faucet. 

"A girlfriend told me that if you position your clit just right," I inch my thong covered pussy right into the stream of water. A blissful sign escapes my lips just as my head falls back. "You can cum."

My body is glistening from the oil. Light reflects off the shiny surface of slick oily wet skin. Your groan spurs me on. "MMmmm, I even remember the first time she let me watch her do it." I pull the thin layer of lace away to expose my freshly shaved cunt.

Even in the muted light, you can see I am dripping wet. My hands move down to spread myself open, fully exposing my swollen clit. My moans get throatier and my breathing more and more ragged. You are amazed at how quickly I am about to cum again. 

Knowing my buttons, you barely whisper over the rushing water, "Cum for me, bitch. Show me how hard you can cum, while you masturbate for me."

You approach me, your cock exposed and throbbing for me. Seeing it in your hand always has a powerful effect making me want it in my mouth. I lean forward, still balancing myself on the edge of the tub with the water rushing over my clit. My lips parting to form the perfect 'O'. My tongue flicks out to lick the tip as you teasingly move closer. You set down the champagne bottle you were holding on the tub's edge. Your now free hand grabs a handful of hair. 

Forcing me to look up, you stare down at me, "You want this, baby? You want my cock?" 

"Yes, oh please..." You brush the sweet soft head across my lips. My deep brown eyes are filled with raw lust and desire.

I hadn't noticed you bought the champagne bottle. Pulling my head back, you hold it over me tilting the bottle. Suddenly, ice cold champagne pours all over my open panting mouth and oiled body, racing down my heated skin to drip into the tub. When it's empty you take my glass as well, pouring it into my open mouth. I catch the strawberry between my lips and just as I bite down your mouth joins mine. We lick sweet juice off each others lips as we share the ripe fruit in a prolonged kiss.

My hungry whisper spurs you on. "Use me. Don't hold back. Make me your personal fuck toy." My provocative words don't surprise you at all. You stand, taking your hard cock in hand. Rubbing it against my face, I beg "Mmmm, that's it, make me do all the things you've always wanted a girl to do." "Come on baby, your so fucking in control. Prove it." 

Your grip tightens in my hair. "Everything she won't. Make me do it. I want to do it." I lave my tongue all over your cock as you spank my face with it. "Mmmm that's it baby. Oooh yeah, make me your whore." "You don't have to be polite; I want it...USE ME." My dirty words have you at the brink. I can see the heat in those liquid blue eyes.

My silky hands slide behind me. You're treated to the erotic image in the mirror of me touching my own ass. You watch, transfixed as I slowly work my finger deep inside. Between my words, the lapping water and now my teasing finger I can't hold back. I cum for you, again. Your name on my lips as I climax for you makes you itch to get inside me.

I can see you right on the edge. "No apologies, this time, just do it. Fuck me. Fuck my mouth. Fuck my cunt. Fuck my ass...all of it baby. I'm yours. Give it to me. Give me what I need." 

With that last omission, you're done. You force my mouth open and shove that big cock right down my throat. In the mirror you watch yourself fuck my mouth. My groans of pleasure at finally getting you let go completely turn you loose. You roughly pull free, leaving me panting. You grab my wrist firmly in your hand pulling me to the shower. 

Turning on the blast of multiple showerheads and before I cum down off my high you kiss me hard, taking my mouth. I kick off my heels and start undressing you. I'm frantic to get you naked so I can feel your skin against mine. Before you can attempt to unlace my corset, I have you just the way I want you; naked and hard for me. I pull you into the shower and alternately push you against the wall, still dressed up and not caring.

The contrast between the hot pulsing spray and cold marble wall intensifies as my hot mouth engulfs your throbbing cock. Out of my mind with lust, my moaning is driving you closer to the edge. I suck from your sweet tip all the way to your aching balls but never taking you as deep as you know I can. You know what I want. Grabbing my head you shove that fucking beautiful cock right down into my throat again.

Your groan of satisfaction is delicious music to my ears. You look down to see me showered by the water cascading off your body. But I never miss a stroke, letting you fuck my mouth. You lift one leg to brace against the sitting ledge. It gives me perfect access to devote my licking, sucking attention on your balls. Slipping them both in my mouth gives me the opportunity to flick my tongue over your tight ass.

Feeling your ass against my tongue seems to ignite a nasty little spark in me. I want to taste you. I want you to feel me. I want you to beg for it. I stop just long enough to use my hands and words to make clear what I want. "Turn around for me." Slightly dazed, you willing obey. I slowly slide my hand down your left calf grasping your ankle firmly and lifting it back up to rest on the shower's sitting ledge.

I slowly stand behind you, letting you feel my slick skin rasp against yours. My arms go around your waist as I mold my body to you. I kiss a trail of wet kisses, light flicks of my tongue and gentle playful bites up your back as I make my way to your ear. My whisper sends waves of pleasure straight to your already throbbing cock, "I got a taste of that sweet ass and I want more, unless of course you want me to stop." My hand grasps your hot cock.

"Mmm baby? You want me to stop? Or do you want to feel me lick you...taste you?" Your ass is cradled by my hips. You can feel the heat of my cunt as I grind against you and feel my hard nipples graze your back. You brace your hands against the wet shower wall. "Tell me sweetheart. I want to hear you say it." My left hand slides down your back to cup that sexy ass. Your head falls forward. Your breathy exhales tell me you don't want to give in to me but your hard cock says otherwise.

"Lick me. Taste me." Your words are quiet but loud enough for me to hear. Your surrender is quite evident to me. I slide down your body. You feel my hands position you the way I want. I again, take your heavy balls in my mouth.

I begin a slow exploration trailing quick licks, tantalizing bites and end in a long slow wet French kiss, forcing my tongue as deep as I can. Your moaning urges me on. Spreading you wider, my tongue fucks you. But for me it's not enough. I want that sweet ass to be mine. And I know just how to claim it.

Rubbing my own oily slick skin, I wet my fingers. When I feel you relax, I slowly play with your backdoor. My other hand moves to stroke that cock. I can feel your heartbeat pulsing. Your fists are clenched against the wall. Using my mouth, I make sure you are well lubricated as I inch my finger inside. Wanting to give you only pleasure, I am certain to lick, kiss and suck your tender skin. At last you completely relax.

I slide in as deep as you'll let me all the while stroking that gorgeous dick. You fuck my hand as I play with your ass. "Mmmm you feel so fucking good." I groan. My tongue laps at your balls. "I'm not going to stop until you cum for me." You start pumping harder. You want to cum as I can feel you tensing up. "And I want it all over me." A growl escapes your lips as you take over stroking your cock. 

"Fuck, you little bitch, you're gonna make me cum."

You abruptly turn, cup the side of my head and explode on my face. Your creamy cum lands mostly around my open hungry mouth. My lips are coated with your glistening cream. You watch and listen as I use my tongue to lick up every drop, moaning and groaning my pleasure at tasting you yet again today. I lick you clean, making sure you know I got every precious drop.

Sated, you move to sit, leaning back against the shower wall with one leg propped up. I join you sitting between your legs. You pull me back against your chest. My head leans back to rest against your shoulder, my eyes closed. Your soft kiss on my neck tells me you think no less of my naughty actions. You notice the sly smile on my face. "Don't let that go to your head, honey. I counted how many times you came." 

I smile, knowingly, remembering how hard you just came for me. I sit up, turning to look at you over my shoulder, "I think that ends lesson one, don't you?"