 He lifts himself off of her and exits.

She protests, "What about you?"

He stands up and smiles, "We already did me, remember?"

"Oh, yes, but that was so long ago."

"Hmm. A whole six hours."

"Ages."

"Well, perhaps it was a while ago."

"And it was so quick."

"Are you prepared to remedy that?"

She smiles, "Yes. Are you ready to receive it?"

He smirks, but raises his eyebrow, confused, "What do you mean?"

She sits up and caresses his chest. "Are you ready for whatever I have to give you?"

"Uh... sure."

She pinches his nipple softly. It hardens immediately. "You trust me?"

"Of... course."

His member sticks out toward her. She strokes it, softly. "Because you could always back out." 

"I don't think so. You've, uh, peaked my interest."

She smiles and lightly kisses the slit at the tip of his penis. "I can see that." She releases him and moves aside. "Okay, lay down." He obliges her and lays down legs together, as she goes to the closet. She glances back, "Oh, keep your legs apart."


He wonders at this. "Apart? Like this?"

"Uh huh." She puts on her robe, still open, exposing her dark curling hairs. She pulls off the tie. "Okay, you trust me?" 

"Yeah." Hesitatingly.

"I'm going to tie your legs to the bed."

"Really? I didn't think you were into bondage."

She wraps the tie around his legs and ties them tightly, but not to hurt. "I'm not. It's for your own protection."

"You must be thinking up something amazing."

"I don't know. We'll see. I read something that sounded interesting."

"You read something? When did you start reading those kinds of books?"

She grabs another tie and straddles his waist, but not with a sexual intent. She is simply working. She lifts one arm up to the head of the bed and reaches over, her breast hovering over his face.  "I've only read one. And it was a manual."

He tried to lick her nipple. Darn, too far. "Pretty kinky one."

She ties his hand to the bed post. Firmly, but not rough. "Not really. This is the only thing that mentioned any kind of tying." 

"And this sounded interesting to you?"

She tied his other hand to the other side of the bed. "Kind of interesting for me. Really interesting for you." He tries to lick her again. He succeeds. "Hey!"

He smiles, pleased. "I'm intrigued." 

She opens her robe and rests her body upon his, kissing him lightly on the lips. She whispers, "You should be. It will be fun." She tickles him in his armpit and he flinches, pulling the rope, but his hand is not released. 

"Hey, there, that's not fair."

She smiles and tickles under his other arm, "I said it would be fun."

He frowned. "If this is your idea of fun, maybe we'd better stop."

She tickled his feet a bit. They jumped, but remained tied. "Isn't this your idea of fun?"

"Being tied up and tickled? I don't think so."

She nibbled his big toe, then licked it (it was clean enough from the shower earlier, she thought). "Would you like it if it was me tied up?"

He thought about that for a second. "Well, I might, if you could be tickled. But you wouldn't enjoy it, so I wouldn't."

She looked at him and pouted. "Then what is your idea of fun?"

He closed his eyes and sighed. "I think you know."

She crawled over his body, barely touching him in various places. "A good book?" She kissed his neck, caressing his skin with her lips. "A comedy?" She rested herself fully on him, her breast on his chest, her belly on his, her opening against his penis. "Oh, yes. I think I do know."

She got off the bed and closed her robe. "I have to go to the bathroom." She turned away and glanced back with a smirk, "Now, don't go anywhere..." 

* * *

The first five minutes he tried to keep her in mind... touching him... licking him...to keep himself hard and alert. After a few more minutes, the discomfort of the position was dawning on him. It was okay to be tied up for a little, and the excitement of those first few moments kept him interested. But what do you do when you have an itch on your nose? He tried to turn his head far enough to reach it, but it was impossible. No, this was decidedly uncomfortable. Ten minutes since she left and he was not excited at all. He wanted to call out, but he was afraid to wake the kids... "Hey Daddy, why are you tied on the bed?"..."Daddy's all naked!" Yeah, that would be a pleasure. So he bore his time in silence until she deemed it time to come in. 

She was fully covered by her robe and smiling. "Did you miss me?" 

He grunted. There was still the possibility of him enjoying something tonight, so it was better not to complain. "Could you scratch my nose?"

"Oh, sure. Right side or left?"

"Whatever."

She scratched him softly on the right side. At least she smelled fresh. More soap? Probably washed herself off. She does like to be clean. 

"That's good. Thanks." He shifted. "Could you also loosen the right hand, it's a bit tight."

She looked up at the hand. "A bit uncomfortable?"

"Yeah. It'd be better if it was a bit looser."

"Uh huh. Does it hurt?"

"Not really. Just a bit uncomfortable."

She moved over to his right side and sat next to him. "No redness. I think it will be fine."

"But it is a bit uncomfortable."

"But you see, I have a theory..."

He groaned out loud, "A theory?"

She pushed up her glasses, "Yes, a theory. It has been shown that real pain can dull the sexual experience. And this is especially so for woman who have more pain receptors in their skin than men. But sexual arousal can also dull pain, especially low level pain. For instance, do you feel like you need to go to the bathroom?"

Suddenly, a slight urge to pee came to his awareness, "Yeah, actually."

"But you did just go before we came in here, about an hour ago?"

"Yeah, that's true."

"And do you feel any other discomfort?"

"Um, my feet are a bit tight. And I think my legs might cramp."

She stood up and took off her robe. Her breasts were bouncing, enjoying her flirtiness, but she was not especially inviting. "If you feel any real pain, let me know. But my theory is this," she grabbed some lubrication, poured it liberally and began rubbing it on her hands, between her fingers, "I think that most dull pains and discomforts will actually disappear during sexual arousal. And if one can be sexually aroused enough, then most pain will be lessened to a degree that one doesn't even notice it. That would be my explanation for the success of S and M. What do you think?"

His feet began to twitch. "I'm getting nervous here..."

She crawled on the bed, her hands out and over him. The lubrication dripped on his chest some. She straddled his belly and faced him, holding her hands up as if she were a surgeon about to have gloves on and take up a scalpel. Lubrication was still dripping on his chest. "Do you trust me?"

He cleared his throat. "Well, we've been married for thirteen years and this is the first time you've tied me up and the first time you spoke about S and M... I think I have some room for hesitation."

"Trust me—you won't feel a thing. Nothing unpleasant, anyway. Are you ready?"

"I don't know..."

She smiled and whispered in a serious tone, "You'll really like it. Really."

He paused for a moment. Her hands were wet with the lubrication. She held them above his chest as a promise for what was to come. So there was a bit of bondage involved. As long as it didn't actually hurt, he didn't mind so much. Again, this could be interesting. "Okay."

She continued to smile and placed her hands on his chest, fingers spread out. Then she moved her hands in circles, allowing the lubrication to spread over his whole chest. She took a fingertip and began exploring around and over his nipples. "This is all preparation. I'm glad you don't have work tomorrow, because this could take a long time."

Her movements were pleasant, and it was always a pleasure to see her seated above him, her breasts seeming to float in the air. He wished he could touch them... "I might have to meet someone, briefly. In the morning."

She settled down on his chest, allowing her breasts to take up residence upon the oil. But the lubrication only heightened the feel of each pad as she softly rubbed into him, "They can wait until the next day."

And he realized that they could. 

* * *

She rubs his chest, playing with his nipples for a bit and then stroking around them again. She is clearly playing, her hands flitting, she bending over to caress him with her breast, then kissing him full on the lips, then licking his cheek. He mentioned occasionally that he is still uncomfortable, but she politely ignored him, stroking his hair. She backs her bottom up occasionally, bumping against his erect penis. Such a bump would usually cause him to lift his pelvis up a bit, hoping to catch himself between her buttocks, but it never works.

She lifts herself off of his waist and positions her thighs on either side of his head. While holding onto the back of the bed, she lowers her cleaned vagina to his lips, allowing them to "kiss" him. He takes the opportunity to lick the pink folds of flesh above him. "That's nice," she said, and lowers herself a bit closer to his mouth. His tongue enters into her and explores a bit, slowly. She pushes her waist up a bit, directing his tongue to her clit, which offered her some pleasure. Then she lifted off of him and placed the lips of her mouth on him, wet and rounded and soft. Her tongue explored his and they caressed each other's sensitive mouths. She pulls off of him, slowly, with him reaching his head up to receive more of her.

She turns her head. "Well, let's see what we've got here." She turns around without getting up and gently grabs his penis. It as full as it could get—standing as straight as it can (which, given that it has a slight curve, isn't all that straight). He moans when she touches it. 

"That seems quite good enough to me." She gets up off of him and turns around, setting herself on his fully lubricated middle. She slides twice and says, "Say, that's fun." She slides on his chest back and forth, touching her bottom on his chin, and then resting her pubic curls on his extended member.

"Now let's do some real work." She gets the lubrication and again slathers her hands with it, dripping it on his penis and hair. "I want you to listen to me very carefully," she says as she puts her hand on his member, covering it with the lubrication. "I am going to count to ten. Ten is all you get. Then we will stop and I will give you ten again, but a little differently. Faster. Then we stop. And then I give you ten again, alright?"

The curiosity got the better of him and so he spoke, "Um, ten what?"

She says gently, "Are you paying attention, now?" She placed her hands on him and slowly stroked him up and then down. "One." Her fingers were grasping him softly. "Two." She stroked him up to his tip. "Three." The lubrication slid silkily between her fingers and his flesh. "Four." His excitement was building. "Five." He pushed himself up a bit as if that could give him more. "Six." She slipped and stroked his tip sideways. "Oops. Seven." She stroked his sack with her other hand. "Eight." Up over the tip and then down, slowly sliding. "Nine." Her fingers wrapped all around him. "Ten." And she stopped.

He was breathing heavy. It was exhilarating to be touched so and wanted so much more of it. "Don't stop." He pleaded. "That was wonderful."

"I'm glad you enjoyed it," she purred. "We'll do it again. Soon." 

His breathing slowed down. And he pleaded again, "Please, one more time."

"Let's do something different. Just slightly, okay?" He nodded. She grasped on him again, at the base of the stiff member, firmly. She quickly rubbed him up and down—"One two three four five six seven eight nine ten." It felt good, but slowed him down somewhat. Almost as if she was doing it wrong... too quickly. But still, the lubrication was thick and he was breathing hard again.

She turned her head to look at him. "That felt different, I bet." He nodded. "Still good?" He nodded. He could handle that too. But the first felt so much better. 

She turned back and started rubbing him slowly again—he moaned loud to show his pleasure. One. "It is really amazing to me how hard your penis gets," she mused. Two. "It is hard to believe (no pun intended) that it is only blood in there." Three. "But I'm really glad for it because otherwise I don't" Four. "think that I would get any pleasure at all." Five. "It's really something pleasant to hold." Six. "I can imagine why women in Victorian times." Seven. "Would be so frightened of it, when they first saw it" Eight. "erect. Imagine only changing your baby brother's diapers when he" Nine. "was little and then on your wedding night" Ten. Stop. "having something like this thrust in you. That would be frightening."

One two three four five six seven eight nine ten.

She chatted about the kids for a while (One. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. Nine. Ten. Stop.). And she would always pause a bit when she stroked him quickly. (Onetwothreefourfivesixseveneightnineten.) Then she would go on a different subject while she stroked him slowly. What she was doing at work. (One. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. Nine. Ten. Stop. Onetwothreefourfivesixseveneightnineten.) Why her period was running late recently (pun intended). (One. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. Nine. Ten. Stop. Onetwothreefourfivesixseveneightnineten.) 

Then she began speaking on different subjects—more pertinent to the one at hand (so to speak). "You know, I really like it when you get so excited." One. "It exhilarates me. Turns me on, you know." Two. "Probably nothing excites me so than to see you excited." Three. "But I wouldn't be excited by watching you" Four "look at a porno mag or something and get excited by that." Five. "No, I like you getting excited when you touch ME." Six. "Like tonight. I could feel your excitement even" Seven. "though we weren't touching you at all." Eight. "In the shower. That was nice." She sighed. Nine. "Feeling you excited below me now is also really good." Ten. Stop. "Is that how you feel when I am below you? Do you get thrilled when I go below you?" Onetwothreefourfivesixseveneightnineten. "I guess you do sometimes, but sometimes you don't. Sometimes you get all soft and just fall out."

He caught his breath, "Please. This is wonderful. But I want you so bad."

She smiled and put more lubrication on her hands. "Yes. I know. Invigorating, isn't it? But I almost never get to talk to you like this where you just listen without responding. I'm really enjoying it. Aren't you?" One. She smiles. "And it feels so good to have you trembling beneath me like this." Two. "I could just lift myself over you and just put you in." Three. "But that would end the whole thing. And it's only" Four. "Two in the morning. Surely you've got a bit more" Six. "stamina than that? I think you can go for another half" Seven. "hour. And it will be an experience that you" Eight. "never forget. Have you ever been this" Nine. "excited? I can't remember you staying hard this long." Ten. Stop. He groans. "You always are hard and then soft and then hard again. Sometimes I feel like you could go longer, but I can't have you on top of me, stopping my breathing for so long." Onetwothreefourfivesixseveneightnineten.

He stopped for another breath. "Can't you just let me go? Put me inside you? Please?"

"And I also wanted to say that I loved having your tongue in me," One. "But most of the time its really not practical." Two. "I'm just not clean enough. I suppose that" Three. "I could wash myself and then you could do it every" Four. "time. But really, it is nice for a treat, but most of the time" Five. "I'd prefer to just feel you inside me. I'd rather you" Six. "spent more time licking my breasts and stroking me." Seven. "Long backrubs are always nice. " Eight. "After all, women have to be well prepared for sex, don't we?" Nine. "But a man can go just about any time." Ten. "At the drop of a hat. In fact, I bet you are ready to enter me right now, aren't you?" 

He nods vigorously. 

Onetwothreefourfivesixseveneightnineten. "I bet you are. But if I just put my mouth on you now..." She lowers her lips to the tip of his penis and he raises his hips to meet her. Her lips touch him and her tongue barely brushes him and she pulls back. "But if I let you just go like that, what would I get? All this energy in you... shouldn't I receive that? I am your wife—I think you owe me something."

He was desperate. Even though her smile indicated that she was teasing, he was ready to do anything, if only she would release him. He strained against his bonds. He was fully prepared to break out of his cage and take her in the first way that presented itself to him. He was ready to plunge himself into her from behind or whatever—roughly or not, but quickly and to gain the release. He feared to open his mouth and plead too openly, for he might speak his real desire—a demand for her to fuck him, fuck him fuck him—but he doesn't want to use that kind of language. He has never been crude. So he will accept her hints. "I can get you ready."

She broadened her smile. "Oh really, how is that? You seem a bit... tied up at the moment."

"Well, you could let me go..."

"I don't think that would be such a good idea." One—he moaned, part of pleasure, part of frustration. "If I untied you, I think we both know what would happen." Two. "I would run as fast as I could but it would do me no" Three. "good. You would come up from behind me, grab my waist," Four. "put me on the floor and hold my arms to the floor and push" Five. "my legs apart and then you'd forcibly enter me and push and" Six. "push and I might cry and tell you not to be so rough" Seven. "and you would probably like that and grab onto my breasts" Eight. "and squeeze until they hurt and I would moan under you and ask you to stop" Nine. "And you would go inside of me and collapse on me, deep inside me" Ten. "until I can't breathe and have to push you away from me. And what if you get a taste for treating me rough like that? Then there would be serious trouble." Onetwothreefourfivesixseveneightnineten. 

"But you are torturing me now," he gasped. His penis was on fire, burning, burning. "Is this so different?"

"Oh yes," she purred. "Right now, I could let go of you and promise you that I would place you right inside of me" One. "if you would just do what I say. I could place my nipple in your mouth and tell you to stroke it gently." Two. "I could put my vagina on your mouth and tell you to lick me until I came on your face." Three. "I could rub my breasts over you and listen to you moan underneath me." Four. "I could lay on top of you, kissing your face, put my hands in me and rub myself until I go." Five. "Or I could sit on your chest, with my vagina before your eyes and you could watch me finger myself." Six. "Or I could shave your face until you are as smooth as a baby's bottom and have you lick my thighs." Seven. "Or I could use your leg as a horse, pleasing myself upon it." Eight. "Or I could just sit here, do nothing to you and talk about how you could enter me." Nine. "But I would never hurt you. Never physically harm you." Ten. "Mental torture is different, isn't it?" Onetwothreefourfivesixseveneightnineten.

His patience is ended. "This isn't just mental. Please—end it." 

"But what if our fortunes were reversed? Suppose it was me tied up and you stroking me?" One. "Would you treat me so kindly, if you were so ready to release yourself all over me?" Two. "Wouldn't you just put yourself between my breasts, squeeze them together and release yourself between them?" Three. "Wouldn't you place your tip on my lips and tell me to lick until you were done?" Four. "Wouldn't you enter me and then just release yourself without caring for my needs?" Five. "Wouldn't you enter me and just rest in there, barely moving, telling me that you would only move if I squeezed you?" Six. "Yes, I know how you like that grip I have on you when you have fully entered me." Seven. "And then perhaps you would cause me to keep squeezing until I wore out, and then spend yourself in me?" Eight. "Or would you just untie me," Nine, "And lay down before me..." Ten, "and beg me to do what I am doing right now." Onetwothreefourfivesixseveneightnineten. 
