 Sue felt the surge of cum shooting into her cunt.  Will’s engorged cock throbbed inside of her with each surge.  She felt herself going over the edge, the tingle shooting from her toes to the back of her head.  She pushed her cunt into his surging cock, her back arching, and her legs squeezing his hips.  The orgasm was fantastic; she continued to tremble as it slowly subsided.  Will remained between her legs and she felt his cock slowly shrinking as it continued to pulse.  Finally he pulled it out slowly, almost reluctantly, kissing her gently as he did so.  “What time is it?” she asked.  Will glanced at the clock and said ‘about 5:00”.  “Oh, my god, I need to get home.  Bob will be there any time.  We’re supposed to go out for dinner at 5:30”, she said.  She jumped up and began throwing her clothes on.  “Aren’t you going to clean up?” Will asked.  “No, I’ll just wait until I get home.  I’d like to be there when Bob gets home” she said.  Sue gave him a peck on the cheek on her way out the door.  “It was great,” she said.  What a great life she thought.  Here she had a man half her age, who loved to screw her and a husband who also loved to screw her.  She got all the sex she desired, which, from her observations, was considerably more than most women wanted.  She couldn’t understand why they didn’t want more. It is incredibly exciting and fun.

Sue pulled into the driveway and pushed the garage opener.  Bob’s car was already sitting there.  He had beaten her home.  She shut off the car and got out.  She could feel some of Will’s cum ooze out of her cunt making her panties feel a little moister.  She went into the kitchen and there stood Bob.  He grabber her in his arms and gave her a passionate kiss.  “I’m horny as hell,” he said, as he passionately pressed his lips to hers.  Sue felt his tongue probing her lips.  She felt his hands massaging her breasts through her clothes.  Before she knew what was happening, he was pulling her clothes off of her.  She felt his hands probing and caressing her body.  She quickly reached down to her hips and pushed her panties off hoping to beat Bob to it so he wouldn’t notice the wet spot from Will’s cum leaking out of her.  She stepped out of her panties and helped him strip.  She figured she could get him taken care of quickly since he was so horny.  They fell to the floor, kissing and madly and passionately.  Bob’s hands were all over her body.  She could hardly remember him being so passionate in the recent pass.  Before Sue realized what was happening Bob had quickly moved his head down between her legs and lowered his mouth to her cunt.  Before she could think or speak she felt his tongue probe her vaginal slit.  It happened so quickly.  She froze, scarred to death that he would notice Will’s cum in her cunt.  He didn’t seem to notice though.  She felt him licking and slurping her cunt like never before.  She felt him find her clit and flick it with his tongue.  Occasionally he would move to her cunt hole and probe as deeply as possible with his tongue.  The thought of Bob eating her cunt and licking up Will’s cum at the same time really sent her over the edge.  She came and came like never before.  Her orgasm was so strong she lost all sense of surroundings.  She spasmed so hard she felt like she might put a hole in the floor.  Bob lifted his head and watched her cum.  He had always felt watching her have an orgasm was a gorgeous sight.  

As Sue came back to earth she saw Bob straddling her chest.  His cock was resting between her breasts.  ‘Your turn now,” he said, smiling at her.  “By the way,” he said,” I can’t ever remember you being that moist before.  You must have been really ready also”.  Sue said nothing as she took his cock in her hand and began to fondle it.  She rolled it up and down her breasts and begin to feel it start to become harder and firmer.  After a few strokes Sue figured he was ready.  She stared at his cockhead and looked at the little slit that held a load of tasty sperm.  She kissed his cockhead and ran her tongue around the head.  Finally it was stiff and throbbing and she took it all into her mouth.  She ran her lips up and down his shaft, feeling it throb and pulsate as she did so.  She knew it would not take him long to cum now, and she felt him begin to move his cock in and out of her mouth, fucking it as he would her cunt.  In just a few minutes she felt his cock surge and engorge and then felt the hot sperm shoot into the back of her throat.  She swallowed a little to keep from gagging but saved most of it in her mouth savoring the taste.  When she was sure he was completely satiated and his cock began to soften, she pulled her lips off and quickly pulled him down onto the bed beside her.  She then raised up and put her lips to his.  She probed his lips with her tongue and then suddenly let the cum she had been holding in her mouth drip into his mouth.  His first reaction was to pull away, but then he just lay there and enjoyed the intimacy of sharing his own cum with her.  

Finally as their passion ebbed and they began to relax they both laid back on the floor naked and satisfied.  “That was great,” she said to him.  “Yes, fantastic,” he said, “but next time I want to watch you fuck him”.  She looked over at him surprised, realizing that her secret was out, but also realizing that there was no need to keep secrets any longer.  She smiled at him and bent over and kissed him softly on his lips.  “Whatever you wish,” she said, smiling at him.