 The bedroom was dark except for a small candle that burned on the night stand giving off a buttery light that cast golden shadows of the two of them on the wall. Bianca had finally invited Peter over to her apartment for the first time since they had met at work over six months ago. She knew he wanted her, but Bianca was slow to respond and wanted to be sure. Now she was certain and she wanted him more than ever. The passion and desire that he had unleashed in her would not be satisfied until she had him.

Bianca, the petite little blonde with sleepy blue bedroom eyes, stood in front of Peter naked, her breasts aching to be touched and her pussy moist with desire. Peter, who was in jeans and a white tee shirt, was a good foot taller than Bianca, had short dark brown hair, square jaw, thick mustache, and cool grey eyes that seemed to look through her to her very soul. He wanted her, had wanted her for what seemed like ages, but now that he was in front of her, he wasn't sure what to do.

"Touch me," Bianca said as she took his hand and placed it over her breast, "I want you to feel me."

Peter's hand fondled the firm soft mound gently at first as if he might hurt her, but when he heard her soft moan just at his mere touch, his hand grasped the breast allowing the stiffened nipple rub against the palm of his hand.

Bianca licked her lips, "I knew it would feel so good," she said half to herself.

She took his other hand and placed it on her other breast and leaned back pushing herself into his touch. Peter couldn't take his eyes off of her as he massaged the mounds letting her nipples run through his fingers. The taut nubs were not to be ignored when he leaned over and gently ran his tongue over one then the other.

Bianca took a deep breath and let it out slowly as the sensation of Peter's strong hands manipulating her breasts made her want more. She took his right hand and slid it down her body to the warmth of her wet pussy and pressed it against the soft folds of her flesh that had swollen with excitement.

"I need you here," she said as she pushed his fingers between the folds of the hot flesh to the wet silkiness of her hidden cavern.

Peter licked his lips as she guided his fingers deep into her pussy and it responded to his probing by drenching them with her juices. Bianca spread her legs slightly allowing him better access to her and by placing her hands on her buttocks to brace her position, he could penetrate her with ease. Peter had dreamt of Bianca, fantasized about her for so long, but the reality of touching her was far greater than he could have ever imagined. The want and need of him to satisfy her was more intense than he could ever have conjured in his mind.

"Is this what you want?" Bianca asked as she looked up at him with those bedroom eyes that said she needed him.

"Yes it is," Peter simply responded slowly as his cock grew hard and thick and pressed against the fabric of his jeans. 

Bianca eying his readiness, unbuttoned his jeans and released his cock from its safe hiding place and it jerked at her touch as she stroked it with her petite fingers. Peter's desire intensified as her hand stroked his shaft and drops of precum oozed from its head. She took her finger and ran it across the sensitive head to scoop his precum then slid her fingers into her mouth to taste the salty sweetness that was the prelude of what was to come.

"Mmmmmm," how delicious. "You've been saving this just for me haven't you?" Bianca purred.

Peter swallowed hard. Bianca knew him, knew what he wanted and needed and she was finally going to give it to him.

Bianca leaned over and kissed the head of his cock and it jumped at the touch of her warm lips and dribbled more precum. She licked it up voraciously before opening her mouth wider and sliding her lips over the head of his cock. She sucked him long and deep coming up for only a moment then sliding over his thick shaft again. With each stroke, she went further down him feeling the ridges and blood vessels swell to almost bursting over her tongue. He was solid, the thickness of his cock filled her mouth and pushed down her throat with a sense of urgency. He placed his hands on her head and guided her down, down deeper, deeper into her throat before letting her rise up again. 

She fondled and kneaded his balls softly cupping them in her hands. The sacks grew full and tight with his cum. She wanted that cum. She wanted it to fill her. She sucked him again then released his cock from her mouth only to lower her head and take one of the sacks into her mouth and running her tongue around it.

"My God, what are you doing to me?" Peter said between gritted teeth as his legs began to quiver with anticipation.

Bianca released his sack, licked her lips, and smiled as she looked up at him.

"When you're ready to cum, let me know," she said.

Peter could only nod as Bianca began to suck his cock again this time with fervor, her hand stroking his shaft in sync with the motion of her sucking him. He held on feeling the pressure of his orgasm build. The sensation of his cum rising from his balls and up through his shaft began slowly at first then with more intensity until it reached its peak.

"I'm going to cum," he growled holding back as much as he could.

Bianca released his cock and quickly leaned back to lay on the bed.

"Give it to me now," she commanded as she spread legs and held them open to reveal the dripping pussy that eagerly awaited his penetration.

Peter stepped forward, grabbed her legs, drove his cock deep inside her like a drill hammer and cried out as the heat of her hot pussy sucked him into her wet folds drawing his cum from him. He shot explosive stream after stream of searing white cream deep inside her wet cave. He shuttered again and again as he kept cumming filling her until it dripped down her pussy and into the crack of her ass. Bianca clenched the pillows behind her head as felt her own orgasm rise and burst over his cock like a tidal wave of thick silky hot juice enveloping him. He closed his eyes as his orgasm screamed through his body and shuttered out the last drops of his cum into her. Bianca felt it, that hot white cream of his ecstasy and savored the feeling as it mingled with her own cum juices. 'This is the way it was meant to be,' she thought to herself.

Slowly, ever so slowly, the world returned and Peter slipped gently from her pussy. Feeling his legs give way he lay on the bed next to her and drew her into his arms. Neither spoke. There were no words that could explained what had happened nor were needed. They held each other overwhelmed and satisfied in their coupling until they fell asleep. There were no promises made, no gestures of more, but implied in the mingling of their bodies.