 She got home a few minutes later than usual, carrying an armload of groceries. She headed for the kitchen, swearing under her breath as she tripped over his boots, left laying by the door. She put away the cold stuff, then headed toward the bedroom, wondering why he was home so early. As she walked into the bedroom, she heard the shower, and poked her head into the steamy bathroom.

"Hey, you're home early. Couldn't stay away, huh?" she laughed.

He pushed open the shower curtain, giving her a clear view of his long, strong body, and the water sliding down the hard planes of his stomach and thighs. She looked at him, at the muscles that came from hard work and not from hanging out in a gym, the strong arms, the broad shoulders...God, he was beautiful. Suddenly she realized he was talking to her, not just standing there for her to admire. She tuned in briefly, he was talking about his Army unit, and some trouble one of his friends had gotten into. She let her thoughts drift back his body, and felt the liquid heat pool in her stomach. They had been together for awhile, but he still had the same effect on her that he'd had from the first time they kissed. She had never felt lust so strongly before. He knew just how to touch her, how to make her go up in flames under his mouth and fingers, and she felt it every time he was near her.

He stopped talking, realizing she wasn't hearing a word he was saying, and was looking at him like a tiger looks at a steak. A slow smile spread across his face as he watched her watching him. She was sexy without even trying, every move sensuous, an invitation to touch her, to take her. Her eyes traveled up to his face, met his eyes, and he gave her a wink. She smiled back, and slowly began to peel off her clothes.

"Hey, who said you were invited in?" he laughed. "You'll just hog all the hot water."

"Mmm. Probably," she replied, looking up at him from under her lashes. "I'll make it up to you, I promise."

He pretended to consider her offer, then gave a heavy sigh. "Ok, fine. But it better be good."

She stepped into the shower, and slid her hands up his slick chest and into his hair. She licked her lips, then pulled his head down so she could reach his mouth. She ran her tongue around the edge of his lips, then leaned into him, pressing her lips lightly against his. His hands cupped her bottom, pulling her tightly against him as he deepened the kiss. His tongue slid into her mouth, and he felt her sigh against his lips. He loved all the little noises she made during sex, the sighs, the soft moans, he could swear he'd even heard her practically purring once or twice. His mouth left her lips, and he nibbled lightly along the side of her neck. Another sigh that turned a little deeper as he nipped at her neck a little harder. He picked up the soap, and worked a lather up in his hands. He ran his hands down her arms, and pulled back slightly from her. He lifted his hands to her full breasts, letting the soap make her skin slippery as he slid his fingers along the curve of her breast to her erect nipples. He circled them lazily, watching her eyes close as she lost herself in the sensations. He gently rolled her nipples between his fingers, then a little harder. Her breathing was coming a little faster, she liked it when he was a little rough with her. He leaned back, moving so the water would hit her breasts and rinse the soap away. He took one of her nipples in his mouth, sucking and biting gently. She cried out softly, then whispered his name. 

"Please, now."

He slid his hands down across her stomach, and between her legs, She was slick and warm and ready for him. He again cupped her ass in his hands, lifting her and pinning her back against the cool shower tile wall. Her eyes flew open at the suddenness of the motion, then getting her bearings, she pulled him in again for another kiss. His cock slid into her as his tongue thrust into her mouth, and she responded with a long low moan from deep in her throat. She wiggled against him, trying to get every bit of him inside her, then tilted her hips slightly. He withdrew, then slid back into her again, feeling her muscles gripping his cock in a hot velvet hold. Her head fell back as he continued to slide in and out of her, and his teeth nipped her neck again. 

She felt him increase his pace slightly, and used the leverage of the wall behind her back to push her hips out to meet his thrusts. His cock filled her up, it was thick and long, and right now it was pushing her to the edge. His fingers tightened their hold on her, digging into her tender flesh, but it only turned her on more. She loved being possessed by him, feeling his power and strength. He was pushing into her more forcefully now, each stroke filling her completely. She felt the tightness that began in her belly, and spread thru her whole body, leaving her tightly wound. He felt it too, felt her body tighten as her breath came in fast little gasps. He slid a finger into her ass as her continued to rock into her body steadily. 

The finger sliding into her sent her over the edge, her body moving desperately against his as she came. Her hips pumped, then with a soft scream, she felt the tightness explode, and her body stilled as he continued to push into her. Her muscles relaxed, and she clung to him as he slowed down, moving into her with long, slow strokes. She slowly disengaged from him, letting herself slide down from the wall. She reached between their bodies, and took his still hard cock in her hands. She adjusted the water and rinsed his cock off, then sank to her knees and slowly drew him into her mouth. He sucked in his breath sharply. He hadn't been expecting this. She had never done this before they had met, and she didn't do it very often, mostly because she didn't think she was good at it. He looked down at her, and almost laughed at the fierce determination her could see on her face. He watched his cock slide in and out from between her full lips, and felt her start to suck a little harder. Her hand came up and cupped his balls as her tongue swirled around the head of his cock. She drew him into her mouth again, sucking him in, her mouth and tongue caressing him as she slid her lips up and down his cock. She started out slowly, sucking lightly as he slid easily in and out of her mouth. Then she increased the suction, and began to move faster, pulling on his cock with her lips. He felt his balls start to tighten, and pulled his cock from her mouth. He rested one hand on her cheek as he pumped his cock with the other. She gazed up at him, and he held their eye contact, making the moment more intimate as he felt his come rushing thru his cock. He aimed his cock at her neck and chest, and saw his come land on her breasts and her throat. Her eyes never left his as he pumped the last bit of stickiness out onto her, and he groaned as she ran her finger across her chest, then licked it. He pulled her to her feet and rinsed her off. She moved against him, and sucked his earlobe into her warm mouth, then he felt her breath against his ear.

"Worth having to share the hot water?"