 He pushed her down onto the bed and climbed on top of her, kissing her wildly, ignoring the witty comments she made between each stab of his tongue. She eventually laughed and gave in, wrapping her legs around him, her long skirts hiking up. He slid a hand between them and began to rub her pussy through her drawers, then bunched them up in his fist and began to pull them down. She finally moaned then, and kissed him herself to muffle it.

While he pushed her legs apart with his knee he pulled her skirts up, her wet drawers already thrown aside. He ran his hands up from her waist to her breasts, still flattened by her tight bodice. When he ran his fingers over the tops of her breasts she laughed and wrapped her arms around his neck, lathering his face with sloppy kisses. 

He decided not to rip the bodice open. That would be too predictable. Instead, he pressed on it until more of her breasts overflowed out the top of it, her nipples rosy and sensitive. His pants half-off, he climbed up her length and began to rub his hard cock against her breasts, sure to touch the tip to her nipples. She craned her neck in and flicked her tongue against it, her eyes watching its purple head bob back and forth. He stared down at her. He liked that she watched his cock instead of his face. 

Tiring of that, he slid back down her and undid her stays the rest of the way, then helped her slip out of the bodice entirely. Her breasts were red where they'd been pressing against the hard material. He ran his fingers over those parts of them, and she shuddered and closed her eyes. He leaned down to kiss her, his tongue entering her mouth. She pulled his pants down the rest of the way and he kicked them off. 

They continued to kiss, ropes of spit rolling out onto her chin. He ran a finger over her slit, rubbed her until she was wetter. She cursed into his mouth. He slipped one finger into her as he used the other hand to massage her clit. She began to moan again, and he broke the kiss.

"Yes, that's good . . . god, yes . . . "

He didn't stop until she cursed out violently and he felt her pussy squeeze his fingers. Juice dribbled onto the sheets. She always came wetly the first time.

"Fuck me now, will you? Won't you?"

He nodded, using the hand most wet with her juices to rub his cock to full hardness. Then he shoved it inside of her without waiting any longer. She gasped at that, as he had knocked the breath out of her, but then she laughed. They began to kiss again, even more urgently now. He pressed her body against the mattress with his own, and she wrapped her legs around him, slid a hand down to his ass to rake her nails against it. He grunted and fucked her harder.

His cock began to ache as slapping noises filled the room. Soon he couldn't hold out any longer, and she moaned into his mouth again as he came into her. She felt his hot fluid hitting her center like a brand. As he kept thrusting into her their mingled fluids began to seep out onto her thighs and his balls.

Panting wildly, he pulled her into his arms. He didn't even pull his cock out, letting it get soft in her pussy instead. 

"I love you I love you I love you..."

The man kissed her all over, covering her face and neck and breasts with his mouth.

She laughed, one hand on his back. With her other hand she reached down between them and scooped up some of his come in her fingers, then brought it up to her mouth. She began to lick them, slowly, languorously, as she watched him kiss and suck her breasts.

He had already begun to get hard again inside of her, moving back and forth to warm his cock up. 

"Do me from behind this time. Slam it into me."

Nodding, he pulled out for a moment, wincing at the sudden cold. Grabbing her by her narrow hips, he flipped her around. When she was on her arms and knees, he slid his hands down to her ass and spread her cheeks. She glanced back as he spit onto his hand and rubbed it on his cock, then thrust forwards without warning and filled her pussy up to the brim. The fragrant concoction of spit, semen and pussy juice made her very loose, and he began to fuck her mercilessly, his hips slapping against her backside and sending fluid flying everywhere. The room smelled strongly of sex and sweat, but it wasn't unpleasant. 

She grunted this time--she always grunted the second time of the night, as if the moans were only for warming up--and began to move back against him. Soon her arms had become too shaky to support her and she buried her face in the soiled sheets, smelling her own musk as she did so. He reached around her thighs and began to rub her wet clit, making squelching noises. Her unshaven pussy hair was slathered with wetness. He ran his fingers through it, liking the feel. Soon she was grunting again, louder now, and shouting out to him.

"Oh, fuck! Fuck, you bastard, fuck me fuck me ahh! Shit! God, come in me, all of it, I want it all . . . fill me up you bastard I love you! God I'm fucking coming!!"

As she convulsed around his cock, he grunted himself and grabbed a handful of ass cheek with one hand, squeezing harshly. Once his lover had calmed down from the orgasm he pulled his other hand back around and slipped a finger into her ass, not bothering with lubing it up first. She began to come again, but the sheets muffled her curses. She was drooling all over them. Finally he grunted once more, loudly, and slammed himself into her as hard as he could. She was pushed a few inches forwards on the bed and her eyes rolled into the back of her head. His come spilled into her for a second time, once again overflowing onto her thighs and his balls. 

He collapsed forwards on top of her, careful not to hurt her as he slid his hands into her matted brown curls. They were both breathing heavily. He buried his face in her hair, smelling the sex there, the sweet sweat mingling with the scent of their genitals. A roil of mingled fluids slid down his leg and pooled in the hollow made in the sheets by her knees.

He spoke right next to her salty ear, flicking his tongue out to lick it. "I love you."

Laughing dreamily and reaching back to cup his balls, she sighed. "I love you too, you damn perverted bastard. I love you."

He smiled.