 Athena Collier blew out a sigh and started gathering her things to head home. Her day was finally ending. She was a 35 year old accountant for a tax firm in Rosslyn Virginia. Her day had been very long. It was full of meetings with clients and partners and Athena was glad it was over. It was tax season and the busiest time of year.

Athena hated this time of year. Her workload doubled and her days tended to stretch out. However, today was Friday and a much needed break was due. She had no plans however. She never had any plans. Her idea of a good time was a nice glass of Chardonnay and a good book. Athena was usually content with this but lately she was starting to get bored about being in the house so much.

She needed some adventure; something different. But what? As she turned off the light in her office and headed out the door, she lamented over what she could do to change her drab social life. As she stepped out into the cold evening air to head to her car, she looked around. It was a bit late to be getting off, almost 7pm. The parking lot was almost empty. She wondered if there would be anyone in the slug line at the commuter lot up the street. HOV was over by now but there still might be someone who needed a ride to Manassas where she lived. She decided to drive by there to see if anyone was there. That's different from her routine.

The commuter lot was only a couple of minutes down the road near 66 West. When she pulled in, it seemed as if there was no one around. She circled the lot slowly, looking. She saw someone stand up and walk her way. It was a man and Athena was surprised. She had never known anyone to be here this late. When the man got to her car, she rolled the window down.

"Hi there." he greeted. "You're a lifesaver. The next bus doesn't come for another 40 minutes."

Athena smiled. "Where are you going?" she asked.

"Manassas." the man replied.

"It's your lucky day." Athena said. She unlocked the passenger door. "Hop in."

The man excitedly jumped in. "Thanks so much. I got off work late. I took the chance that someone would be working late also and come by. It was either that or catch that late bus." he explained.

Athena pulled out of the lot and headed for the 66 West entrance. She stole a look at her passenger. He had big pleasant brown eyes and a great smile. His dark chocolate skin made his smile even brighter. He was big, over six feet tall and very broad shouldered.

"What kind of work do you do?" she asked.

"I work at that bakery around the corner." he replied, pointing back over his shoulder to a side street.

"Oh, the one that makes those fantastic sweet potato muffins with the cream cheese icing?" Athena asked, her eyes getting big.

The man laughed and said, "Yes, those are my specialty. I take it you're a fan."

"I sure am. Everyone in my office is. Someone hits your store up at least once a week." Athena grinned.

"Well, we appreciate your business." the man said and smiled at her. Athena's loins began to heat up and her middle moistened. She regained her composure and smiled back at him.

"My name is Athena. It's very nice to make your acquaintance." she said.

"Likewise." he replied. "My name is Austin."

Athena smiled back and tried to focus on the road. However, she found herself continuing to steal glances at Austin. He had pulled back hood from his hoodie and she could see his short dreads. He was very handsome and apparently could cook too.

"So what do you do for a living, Athena?" he asked.

"I'm an accountant." she replied.

Austin rolled his eyes and whistled. "Aw man, you must hate this time of year." he said.

Athena laughed. "Yes, we're very busy. But it's a job and I'm thankful for it." she said.

"Amen to that. I've been on this job for about a year now. Before that, I was unemployed for two years. I was living with my mama. It has only been a few months since I moved into my own place. I can't begin to tell you how relieved I was to be able to do that." Austin said.

Athena smiled. She understood how he felt. The loved the privacy and freedom of her own place. She had been in a 10 year marriage but her husband left her because he thought she was boring. He found another woman and moved her into their home and kicked Athena out. Fortunately, they had no children. Athena was heartbroken at first but she eventually found her footing in her new single life and got over it.

"You know, I don't mean to be rude or forward but are a very beautiful lady." Austin said. "I really hope I didn't offend you by saying that but I've been wanting to say it since I got in your car."

Athena giggled a bit then shook her head. "No Austin, I'm not offended. And thank you. That was very sweet of you." she said with a smile.

Sensing that she was cool with the present topic of conversation, he pressed on. "Do you have a boyfriend?" he asked.

"Who me?" Athena laughed heartily. "Oh heavens no." she replied.

Austin looked confused. "You seem as if that idea was ridiculous. Why is that?" he asked.

Athena just smiled. "No one pays me any attention like that." she said. "I mean, look at me. I look like a librarian."

Austin used this as an excuse to let his eyes devour her body. Athena did have a nerdy look, but he could tell underneath that exterior there was a very sexy body hiding. Her hair being done up in a bun and the glasses made him even more curious about her.

"I am looking at you. I can sense your smoldering sensuality screaming to be unleashed." Austin said with sly grin. All of a sudden, it got very hot in the car for Athena. She swallowed hard and smiled meekly at Austin.

"You should let yourself go sometimes. Give in to your desires. Life is too short to have regrets." he offered.

Athena looked at him for a minute then said, "You're right. I should. I need to be more... adventurous."

"Yes, there you go." Austin said encouragingly.

"What is your favorite thing that you like to do?" Athena asked.

"I like to cook and make music. I have a guitar that I like to play." Austin said. Athena couldn't close her eyes because she was driving but Athena could clearly picture a shirtless Austin sitting there with his guitar playing soft sexy rhythms and singing to her. Her panties were beyond wet now. She couldn't believe the effect he was having on her.

Austin saw the exit 28 South sign coming up and pointed it out to her. "This is my exit here." he said. Athena took the exit and continued down the road. They soon passed the commuter lot and at the next light, Austin had her make a right turn. Soon they turned into a parking lot for a small group of duplex apartments. When they got to his, Athena stopped. Austin held his hand out for a shake from Athena. "Thank you very much for the ride." he said.

Maybe she didn't realize it but Athena had a very sad look on her face. She quickly smiled and gave Austin's hand a nice shake. "You're very welcome." she said.

Austin got his backpack and exited her car. Athena watched him start up his sidewalk then he stopped. He seemed to be thinking for a minute, then he turned around and came back to her car. Athena rolled down the passenger window. Austin leaned into the window and looked at her. "What are your plans for the evening?" he asked.

Athena was at a loss for words. "Ummmmm, I guess I'll do what I usually do. A glass of wine and my books, then bed." she said finally.

"Hmm. Well books are fine. But why not do something different? Are you hungry?" he asked.

Athena hadn't even thought about dinner. Suddenly, she was starved. "Yes." she said, nodding her head. "As a matter of fact, I am."

Austin flashed his million-dollar smile again. "Well, I'd love to continue to enjoy your company. Let me whip up something nice for you. We can relax together and maybe watch a movie. Or I could play my guitar for you." he offered.

Athena was silent for a minute. She was in uncharted waters here. She hadn't felt this giddy since she met her ex-husband. At the same time, she was nervous too. Austin seemed charming and down-to-earth. But he was a perfect stranger. Something told her that she should do this. Step out of her comfort zone. She smiled and looked up at Austin and nodded.

"Good. There are visitor parking spots right over there." he said, pointed to a group of spots off to the left. He stood back from the car and waited for her as Athena backed up and parked her car in one of the spots.

As she got out of her car, Austin took notice of his guest. She wore a dark colored suit with a skirt that fit her round butt fabulously. She wore some sexy but classy black "Scully" heels, referring to the female FBI agent from the TV series the X-Files. 

She smiled as she approached him and Austin turned and led the way. He let her enter his home first and he came in behind her, turning on the lights. Athena nodded her head in approval as she took in the surroundings. Austin tastefully decorated his place and it was clean and neat. He was obviously a reggae fan as there were plenty of artifacts from the Caribbean on the walls and around the place.

"Please make yourself comfortable. Would you like some wine?" he offered.

"Please, that would be wonderful." Athena said with a smile. She took off her suit jacket and sat down on the couch. Austin took off his winter coat and put it in the closet. He also removed his baker's uniform and laid it across the back of the couch. Athena could now see all of him. He wore a fitted white t-shirt under the uniform. His shoulders were broad and defined. His biceps and triceps were thick with cords of muscle. His chest was wide and powerful. As muscular as he was, he moved with a confident, easy grace. Athena was immensely turned on.

It has been said that when a woman meets a man, she knows within the first 30 seconds if she wants to sleep with him. Athena probably wouldn't agree with that theory but she did realize that once Austin got into her car, she was attracted to him. The rest of the ride she spent trying to deny how she felt. She was mesmerized by him and now that she was in his lair, she was ready to give in to her desires.

Austin went into the kitchen and found a bottle of Chardonnay. He popped the cork and poured a goblet of the wine. As he walked over to her, he noted her impressive bosom under her white blouse. Yummy, he thought.

"Here you go, my dear." he said, handing her the wineglass. He picked up a remote from the cocktail table and turned on some Bob Marley.

Athena sipped the tasty wine and nodded her head and moved seductively to the sounds of "Could You Be Loved". She was feeling good and glad that she decided to hang out with new friend.

"Ahhh, you like that huh? You're full of surprises." Austin grinned.

"Why is that? What did you think I liked?" she asked curiously.

Austin crossed his muscular arms and propped his chin up with one hand. He looked at her thoughtfully. "I figured you to be a Beethoven fan." he said.

Athena giggled. "Actually, I love all kinds of music. I've been to a couple of symphonies. I've been known to enjoy some Marley from time to time." she said.

"That's great. I love not only Bob Marley but all kinds of reggae. Most of my family is from the Islands and I try to visit there when I can." Austin said. Athena smiled. "If I had the time, I would make you some mean jerk chicken but I'll keep it simple for now. Do you like chicken or seafood?" he asked. Athena nodded enthusiastically. Austin put the bottle of Chardonnay on the cocktail table in front of her. "Okay. Let me throw something together real quick for you. Please relax and enjoy yourself." he said then got up to get to work in the kitchen.

Athena poured herself another glass of wine and continued to dance a little sitting on the couch. She felt so good and relaxed. Austin observed her as he cooked and smiled to himself. The lady herself was quite a dish and if things went the way he hoped they would dessert would be fabulous.

About 20 minutes later, Austin had his dinner table set and he invited Athena to come have a seat. He had prepared a succulent chicken breast and shrimp with a jerk barbeque sauce along with fried potatoes and a dinner salad.

Athena's eyes danced over the setting. "Oh wow, Austin. This looks and smells wonderful." she exclaimed.

Austin just laughed. "Please enjoy." he said and they both did, cracked jokes and making lively conversation.

After dinner, Athena leaned back and basked in the afterglow of a great meal. "Austin, that was amazing. Kudos to your culinary skills." she said graciously.

"Thank you very much." Austin said, taking her cleaned plate and salad bowl from her. He loaded the dishes in the dishwasher as Athena went to sit down on the couch.

When he was done in the kitchen, Austin came over and sat down beside Athena. They shared a smile.

"Thanks for inviting me in. This is the best time I've had in a long time." she said.

"The pleasure was all mines. See what happens when you step outside of your comfort zone?" Austin replied. 

Athena nodded. "Taking a chance huh?" she continued, shaking her head. "I'll admit, I was a bit nervous but I'm glad I came in. You made me feel really welcome and comfortable. I mean, here I am in a strange man's home. Anything could happen to me. But I don't feel like you'd hurt me." Athena looked at him with soft pleading eyes. Her hand came over and touched his softly. A spark shot off between them. 

Austin took her hand and raised it to his lips. He gently kissed it and looked at her. "I could never hurt you. Only pleasure you." he whispered.

Athena looked away. "I feel weird saying this, but you make me feel beautiful. It has been a very long time since someone has made me feel that way." she said.

Austin looked surprised. "Really?" he asked.

Athena nodded and told him about her marriage and how it ended. When she was done, he just shook his head in disbelief. "What an idiot. I'll bet he tried his best to get you back afterwards huh?" he asked.

"Actually, I haven't heard from him again. He's where he wants to be I guess." Athena replied. "I've moved on though. I don't miss him at all."

"Well, you are a beautiful woman under that conservative look of yours." Austin said with a smile. "You're like the really sexy schoolteacher all of the male students fantasize about."

Athena blushed. "Oh c'mon Austin. I'm just a plain Jane. What is beautiful about me?" she asked.

Austin slid closer to her. He could feel her heat rising. This girl is so thirsting to be touched, he thought. He reached around the back of her head and removed the hair pin holding up her bun. Athena's locks tumbled down around her shoulders. Her hair was soft and luxurious.

"Wow." he breathed. "Most women would kill to have hair like this." He admired her plain, simple beauty. He stroked her cheek softly. "Your skin is soft. Big beautiful brown eyes. Soft full pouty lips." he said, shaking his head. "You don't give yourself enough credit, my dear."

Athena beamed. Shit, if this is his game, he's batting a 1.000, she thought. She wanted a piece of him. Badly. But she couldn't pull the trigger and give herself to him. Austin read her mind.

"It has been a very long time since you were made to feel like a woman should, haven't you?" he asked. Athena silently nodded yes.

"Well, please allow me to give that back to you." he said softly then leaned over and kissed the side of her neck. Gently. He didn't want to leave a passion mark. But he did take in her sweet scent and licked up and down the warm flesh of her neck. Athena moaned softly and squirmed. Her hands reached for his chest and roamed all over it. Their lips met and a deep, wet kiss ensued.

Austin reached for her soft bosom and found one of her stiff nipples. After softly caressing it for a minute, he broke his kiss with her and began to unbutton her blouse. Athena watched him as he methodically removed the garment. Once her bra was exposed, she reached behind herself and unhooked the bra. It fell away and her beautiful C-cup breasts were exposed, to Austin's delight. He cupped them in his strong hands and he twirled her nipples, slightly pinching them. Athena drew in her breath at the sensation. Austin then leaned forward and took one nipple into his mouth. He swirled the stiff bud in his mouth, hungrily licking and sucking on it.

Athena's pussy was blazing. She writhed her hips in an effort to free her body of the clothing. She wanted him to touch there so very badly. But Austin was just getting started. He was going to take his time enjoying her. He moved to the other nipple and gave it the same treatment. He soon had Athena laid back on the couch and he was on top of her, devouring her breastflesh.

He pressed Athena's breasts together and sucked both her long nipples into his mouth. Athena's body twitched as she emerged on the verge of a nipple orgasm. She never knew a woman could cum that way. She was amazed and breathless.

Austin sat back and unzipped the side of her skirt then slowly slid it off. Athena was wearing an unflattering pair of black granny panties. Austin fought hard not to giggle and he slid them off her round bottom. Athena knew her underwear weren't sexy and she was grateful that Austin didn't laugh aloud and embarrass her.

Austin tossed the panties aside and opened her thighs. He smiled when he saw the patch of pubic hair. It wasn't thick and out of control like he expected but more or less just covered her vulva. Her meaty labia swelled with desire and her clit was swollen and ready as well.

Austin ran his tongue up and down her thighs and looked at her. "Are you ready, beautiful?" he asked her.

Athena was breathing hard. "I'm scared. My heart is pounding. If my next orgasm is anything like that last one, I'm afraid you'll kill me." she lamented.

"Don't worry, I'll take it easy on you." he said with a smile then lowered his head between her thick thighs. He rubbed his lips on either side of her vulva. Her juices were already running and splashing with aplomb. He nuzzled the short pubic hairs on his chin then licked up and down her pussylips, lapping up her nectar. Athena's body trembled as she orgasmed. She started to cream as Austin softly suckled her pussylips and clit. He then dipped his tongue into her honeypot and Athena exploded into his mouth. She threw her head back and let out a high-pitched cry. Her love cream ran out all over his tongue and chin. Every muscle in her lower body contracted for what seemed like an hour although it was only a few seconds. Then she relaxed. She was completely wiped out. She couldn't even talk.

Austin sat back and admired his work. Athena's eyes were closed and her head turned to the side. He could hear her soft snores as her chest rose and fell with each breath. He got up and took one of the pillows and gently placed it behind her head. He then went into his closet and found a blanket. He lifted her legs onto the couch and covered her with the blanket. He turned the lights down low and put on some jazz and turned the volume down low. Athena gave out a soft purr and turned on her side, a huge shit-eating grin on her face. Austin chuckled to himself and kicked his feet up on the couch as well. He closed his eyes, too.

A couple of hours later, Athena opened her eyes. After a minute to shake the cobwebs from her brain, she reminisced the delicious feeling of the orgasms Austin gave her. And they didn't even fuck!! She closed her eyes and smiled at his tender touch and his kisses. No one had ever made her feel that way before. Suddenly, she wondered where he was and she sat up. Austin was knocked out at the other end of the couch. She smiled as she reached out and gently touched his feet. Austin didn't move.

Athena sat back and blew out a sigh. Clearly, this man was no virgin. Obviously, he has had more sexually skillful and more experienced women before. How could she even match something like that? She wanted to make him feel every bit as good as he made her feel. She reached down between her thighs and reflected on the way he licked her pussy and she felt herself creaming again. Then it came to her and she smiled naughtily to herself.
