 Returning to their places in silence, Jake and Michelle sat quietly, sometimes flicking each other innocuous glances that flashed through the chatter. Michelle noticed that, while Matt and Patrick were also occasionally glancing at her, they didn't seem to bat an eye in Jake's direction. She was a bit bewildered, thinking that they'd guessed what was going on. Obviously, she thought, they won't say anything so as not to embarrass me.

As the movies and drinking progressed, people started to nod off. First Kerry and Rachel, then Gemma fell asleep. The arrangement was that the girls would sleep in the bedroom, while the guys slumbered in the lounge room. Kerry, Gemma and Rachel all tucked in, only Marie, Matt, Danielle and Patrick were awake to interrupt Jake's plans. 

Michelle looked over, catching Jake's eye. She looked down, pulling one side of her knicker leg up, briefly exposing her pussy before hiding it again. His face was neutral, but se saw the hard ridge in beneath his dressing gown spring to life again, covered with a casual seeming hand. She smiled, remembering the feel of it from before.

She was surprised, therefore, when Jake said he was tired, and was going to bed. Since he didn't want the others to suffer, Jake said he'd sleep in the spare bedroom until everyone else was finished, then he could join the other guys in the loungeroom. Danielle and Marie said goodnight, and Patrick and Matt simply waved telling him they'd catch him in a couple of hours.

Jake stood up. "Goodnight then" he smiled, and wandered into the spare room. Just before turning into the hallway, Michelle caught his eye, and winked. Jake smiled, and went inside. 

After about half an hour, Michelle stood too. "Goodnight, everyone, I'm a bit too drunk not to fall asleep."

"Goodnight, Michelle. Sleep tight." said everyone, and she walked toward the bedroom. She opened the door, then closed it again, careful not to wake the other girls, but tricking the others into thinking she'd gone inside.

Waiting for a loud point in the film, Michelle peeked around the corner to make sure the coast was clear, then ran into the spare room. Once inside, she felt hands clasp her from behind, and the prodding of a hard cock against her ass.

"I've been waiting, Michelle." whispered Jake.

Without answering, Michelle turned and kised him, tongue roaming around in his mouth while her hands ran across his chest. His hands cupped her ass, squeezing her cheeks as he responded hungrily, kissing her with intense passion.

She reached down, gripping his cock. "I'm hungry," she whispered, then sank to her knees. She ran her tongue up the underside of his thick, purple cockhead, and then took him into her mouth.

He gasped, surprised as her lips encircled his cock. Her mouth was warm and soft, and her tongue explored every contour of his cockhead with languid grace. She wrapped finger and thumb around his shaft, slowly jerking his foreskin while she sucked him into her mouth.

Michelle was loving the velvety feel of his throbbing hard-on in her mouth. Taking him deeper in her mouth, she flicked her tongue against the sensitive underside of his cockhead. Stretching her mouth wide to take him, she sucked gently, mouth gliding up and down his shaft in time with her jerking hand.

She reached forward, cupping his balls while she licked the length of his erection. Sucking into her mouth again, she felt his balls throbbing. Knowing he was close to cumming, she slid his cock out of her mouth, her lips so tight around his cock that she could feel every throbbing pulse in his erection.

She stood again, leaving her hand on his rock hard cock. "Kiss me," she said, and instantly his tongue was in her mouth, lips pressed against hers.

His hands crept beneath her top, finding and gently massaging her breasts. His fingers twisted gently around her hard nipples, bringing from her a gasping, moaning sound. Her breasts were small and soft, and his hands explored them softly.

He broke their kiss, dipping his head to her now-exposed breast. She felt the first touch of his mouth on her sensitive flesh send a warm pleasure through her body, then gasped in ecstasy as his mouth closed around it. Kissing and sucking her nipple, he could feel her body convulsing.

She pressed herself against his face, loving the feeling of his mouth on her skin. Michelle's hands clasped around his head, holding his soft, warm tongue against her nipple.

He released her nipple, straightening up to kiss her again. Hands tangled in her dark hair, he kissed her earlobe, then whispered in her ear. "Turn around."

She did, confused. His hands bent her forward, until she was leaning on her hands, bending over the bed. "I didn't want to leave this unfinished, so....."

Michelle gasped as she felt his fingers hook into the waistband of her knickers. Peeling them off her ass, Jake slid them down to her ankles, exposing her moist, pink pussy to the night air. Leaning forward, he used his fingers to open her pussy lips, and thrust his tongue into her dripping pussy.

She moaned, the feeling of his tongue inside her bringing her instantly close to cumming. He thrust in and out of her, fucking her with his warm, wet tongue. She ground her pussy against his face, wanting his tongue deeper in her. His tongue slid out of her, moving down to her exposed, throbbing clit. He fastened his mouth around it, sucking it gently while he slipped an index finger into her pussy. Spasming, she felt herself go over the edge. White hot ecstasy flooded her body, tensing her muscles as she came. Her pussy flooded with her juices, saturating his finger and soaking his face. He kept his mouth on her clit, sucking it hard into his mouth while finger-fucking her clenching pussy.

Breathing ragged, her orgasm subsided, leaving her flushed and glowing. Pussy soaking, she felt his face retreat, and looked around. Behind her, Jake gripped his cock, waiting. "Do you want this?" She nodded, not trusting herself to speak. "Prove how much you want this in you." he whispered, face half-stern and half-aroused.

She reached a hand between her legs, fingers rubbing her clit. "Give it to me. I need it inside here." she moaned, slipping her middle finger into her cunt. Jake watched, loving the sight of Michelle fucking herself. Her finger pumped in and out with practised ease. He moved forward, swollen cockhead pressing against the entrance to her pussy. She slid her finger out, waiting for him to enter her. He gripped her hips, and pulled her backwards onto his cock, impaling her.

She screamed, shocked and hornier than she'd ever been before. His thrusting cock burned a trail of lust inside her body, making her groan. "Oh fuck that's good."

He stayed motionless, buried deep inside her warm, pulsing body, letting her adjust to the feeling of being filled. Jake slid his hands up, cupping her breasts. She bucked her hips against him, moaning softly. Encouraged, he began slowly pumping her body. Michelle felt his cock easing out of her, the slippery walls of her pussy squeezing him. Her body burned with lust, total abandon and need driving her close to orgasm again. 

Jake was thrusting slowly, every stroke deep and deliberate, drawing his cock out until his cockhead threatened to slip out of her hungry pussy, then ramming the full length into her again. Her body responded, pushing back to take him deeper, close to cumming again. With a grunt, he pulled the globes of her ass apart and jammed his raging cock into her. His balls slapped against her clit, and the feeling of his bulbous cockhead pressing against the deepest part of her cunt made her come again.

Michelle screamed, hips undulating as her body spasmed. Her arms trembled with orgasmic pleasure. 

Jake forgot about reserve, and began really fucking her tight, juicy pussy. He hammered her mercilessly, loving her screams. His cock slammed into her, driving her to come again, then still fucking her. 

Michelle was in a sexual frenzy. She felt destroyed as each orgasm flooded through her body. She felt his hands rubbing her breasts, then grabbing her hips. Her body was trembling again at the approach of her next orgasm. She felt herself about to come, then felt his finger, wet from her gushing pussy, press on her ass. She flinched, surprised at his touch, but it felt erotic and new, and she was too close to coming to care. Jake felt her coming again, and pushed his finger into the tight ring of her asshole. Instantly she was a thrashing, crying frenzy of orgasmic release. His thrusting was unstoppable, and her pussy and ass gripped him like a vice.

She fell forward, her arms losing strength as she flopped onto the bed, blown away. His cock slid out of her with an audible plop. She lay there, hair across her panting face, body coated with sweat, thoroughly soaked with pleasure.

Lying beside her, running his hand across her back, and kissing her forehead. "I hope you enjoyed that, baby."

Before she could reply, light spilled into the room. Turning, Jake could make out Marie's silhouette in the doorway, shocked by what she could see. He grinned, holding his finger up against his lips, and said "Shhhhh,"

He turned back to Michelle's wasted form, kissing her as the door closed again...