 We are locked in a passionate kiss by the time we stumble through the front door of the house. You push me away, and with a wink, tell me to "just be patient." You say something about having a plan, and for me to just relax. 

I step back and look at you in your tight top, and all I can do is smile. Your hard nipples are poking through and as you turn around, I see your sexy butt outlined under your long flowing skirt. We have just gotten in from a romantic dinner filled with teasing, sexual innuendo and overtones. As I sit down you begin to slowly strip for me, knowing how much it turns me on. This time, however, you add a little something to it. 

You trail your fingers slowly over your supple body, paying close attention to your wonderful breasts and hard nipples. You tease me by holding them up as if you are offering them to me, but when I try to move closer, you just grin, and tell me to be still. I am intoxicated with your brazen sexiness and beauty, and silently thank every star in the sky for my luck in finding you. I can't help but stare.

You look me right in the eye. You lick your lips. You lick your fingertips. You trail your fingers down your belly and slowly sway your hips. I can only continue to stare. 

Just as my eyes were forced to follow your hands as they roam your body, your eyes slowly look down mine. Your eyes find just what they were looking for, the growing bulge in my pants. You lick your lips again and begin to touch you wetness. I can no longer control myself. I decide I have to do something and begin to strip myself. I take off my shirt, and then slowly undo my belt and slide my pants down. Our eyes and smiles meet - we both know full well how much we are enjoying this.

You let out a small moan as you begin to spread your wetness around with your fingertips. Another escapes through your glistening lips as you watch me begin to touch and stroke my still growing hardness. While one hand spreads yourself open for me to see how wet you are, your other retreats to your chest. This excites me even more, and I get even harder for you.

We make a little deal. You put a little of your juice on your nipple, and I get to walk over and lick it clean. In return, you take my cock in your hand and rub it between your moist lips and against your clit, then lick the tip... tasting yourself. Suddenly, without a spoken word, we kiss very deeply. Our tongues become interlocked as the passion builds in our bodies and in our minds.

I begin to kiss my way down your neck and lower to your chest, but then decide to lead you over to the couch and gently ease you down... With a coy look, you slowly spread your legs apart as I sink down onto my knees in front of you. You rest your left leg onto my shoulder, and open yourself for me. 

I give your clit a little lick, as I slowly spread some of your wetness around... until I slowly slide a finger inside. You taste so good and I need to take another lick, and then another. I start to use my fingers on you, spreading your wetness even further up and down your lips and down between your sexy ass cheeks. I continue to take sporadic little licks and give you small kisses, nibbles and blow air against your wetness. My tongue traces your wetness from between your cheeks to up and all over your hard clit.

We start talking. You tell me how good it feels, and I tell you how good you look and taste. You tell me you want to, no need to see me stroke myself - so I get up on the couch next to you. Watching you watch me, I begin to slowly run my fist up and down my shaft. As this continues, you are getting hotter and wetter. I can see the sweet nectar running out of you and just love it. Our conversation has been reduced to grunts, moans and deep heavy breathing.

After a few minutes of this I can tell you building to a terrific orgasm. I sink back down in front of you, and slide a finger up your belly, between your chest, and into your mouth. You suck and lick it hungrily until I pull it away. I slide my now wet finger into your pussy as I lick your clit. You are rotating your hips and pushing up against me, but I quickly remove my finger from inside your wetness. As I pull your clit deeper between my lips and flick my tongue steadily across it - I slowly slide my wet finger down between your cheeks and right up your sexy ass.

I begin to lap at your clit, sliding my tongue all over it. I lick it slow. I lick it fast. I gently scrape my teeth across it. I run my tongue around it in little circles. I feel you squeeze my finger in your ass. I feel you push your hips onto my face even harder. I feel you losing control as I nibble and lick and suck your clit. My face is soaking wet as you explode all over my lips and mouth. I keep licking, kissing and sucking you and your orgasm seems to last and last... I won't stop and you can't stop. You think your calming down a little until I slide my other finger into your dripping wetness and put pressure on your clit from the inside, and re-concentrate on your clit from the outside. This sends you over the edge again and you let out a little scream as you explode into your second powerful orgasm. I let you slowly come down from this one, with little kisses to the inside of your thigh. I finally slide up your hot body and you pull my face to yours and kiss me deeply before giving my face little licks tasting yourself again. 

After a long pause, we sit up but you push me back down onto the sofa. I see the gleam in your eye as you sink to your knees in front of me. I cannot help but smile knowing how good I just made you feel, and knowing how good you are about to make me feel....

\ ------- /

You reach and wrap my growing hardness in your warm hands and with a sly smile, give me a firm squeeze. I instantly begin to harden even more in your hot hand and you lower your lips to it. I can tell you enjoy the feel as it grows within your mouth. I lean forward and play with your hair, as you just lick and tease me. You look up at me and smile brightly.

Lifting your head, you wrap your full chest right around my hard cock. As you nestle it there, you look up and find my eyes with yours. In a hot, sultry voice you tell me exactly where you want me to cum. All I can manage is a groan in response. You begin to slide up and down my shaft with your firm tits locked around me. As I slip up through your hot cleavage you take me into your warm waiting mouth - before slowly sliding me back down. This is such a turn on for both of us, and before I loose control completely, I run my fingers back through your hair, holding your head tight. I then lift my hips and slowly slide myself into and out of your wonderful mouth for a moment or two. I then have to lie back on the couch to let you continue working your magic on me. I find myself moving my hips in time to your heaving chest.

You can tell I am getting close and pick up the pace. You are stroking me with your chest now, and all I can do is enjoy and tell you how great it feels, and this time I thank all the stars in the sky for you, out loud.

At this point you start talking to me, telling me how bad you want me. How good it feels to have my hard cock between your breasts. How you can't wait for me to cum. How you love fucking me this way. I am so close, and just as I begin tell you so, you tell me again how you want me to come so hard, to cum all over you. I start saying I am going to cum... You pick up the pace even more, squeezing me even tighter. You open you mouth a little and tell me you want me to cum right between your open lips - then you tell me you want it on your chest, on your face, on your lips, in your mouth. I can't take it anymore. I start to cum and you open your mouth a little more. You squeeze me tighter still between your chest and that does it – I explode and all I can do is shoot and shoot and shoot. Wave after wave and you let it pulse all over you... and just as I am finished, you put me gently back into your mouth and I shudder uncontrollably. 

Now it's your turn to slide up and kiss me. After another long hot kiss... we both drift off for the moment... with you securely wrapped in my arms. We both know this night has only just begun...