 There will be more, their stories will be told out of order. I have chosen to keep the number in case anyone wants to read them in the order they were experienced.

*****

I slammed my palm into the steering wheel and let out a cry of frustration. I'd been in need all week, I'd lied about having a shift at work just to get the evening free. I had options, but I'd picked Joe. Paranoid, 7 minute Joe. 7 minutes of my life I'd wasted letting him fuck me. I sighed and rolled my eyes. I was in more need now than when I'd arrived. I pulled up my web browser on my phone and headed to Craigslist, casual encounters. Perhaps most would feel shameful but I had gotten over the stigma several hook-ups before. I was embracing my inner slut, I was discovering I had needs and I could seek out meeting them. I answered the very first ad, he advertised that it was critical it happen that night. I smiled as we exchanged a few emails. 

We exchanged names, ages, and a little about what we both wanted. Almost as though discussing a simple business transaction. We exchanged a few photos, body shots first. Once we both liked what we saw, we sent our face and then a few pantie shots for fun. Photos I once thought I'd never take in a million years. But he replied quickly with all the right things to make me blush. We discussed our likes, dislikes and even a safe-word; not that I ever used it. I never had an issue with a lover being too hard, my issue was that they were never aggressive enough. Seth texted me his address and I quickly typed into the GPS. Ferndale, at least a 20 minute drive. I grinned as I put my car into drive, challenge accepted. 

I texted him when I arrived and pulled up to the curb in front of his house. I saw his silhouette in the door frame, he was maybe an inch taller. He had a buzz cut and a complete beard with mustache but it was also short. Just a little more than stubble. I climbed out of my car, boots clacking against the cement. The evening had a slight chill, I shivered a little; dressing slutty wasn't always convenient. I wore my pink and black striped knee high socks with my knee high boots. Around my waist was a pink plaid school girl skirt that was held up by velcro. A online buy from a site that made them custom sized. I had my good bra on, lifting my breasts up for display in my black tank top. To complete my outfit was my black panties with little pink skulls on them, and they were soaked before I even made it to his porch.

He had broad shoulders, a little muscle on his forearms which held tattoos of a hatchet man and a clown that looked to be made of flames, it matched his T-shirt.

"It's the Jekyl brothers, represents the scales of balance, it's from...'

"ICP," I finished. I'd recognized the picture instantly.

"You down?" I laughed and shook my head.

"My sister. I like a few of their songs but it's never really been my genre of music." He smiled as he openly stared me up and down. He held no shame in the fact that he was checking me out. Pictures were always nice, but it was nothing when the real thing was right in front of you. His intentions showed clearly on his face and the fact that I could cause that look in his eyes made me even wetter. 

It didn't really matter who Seth was, or what music he listened to, or anything else. At this moment he wanted me, I was the object of his desire and it felt amazing. He led me into his house, usually my nerves would be a little on end, but something about Seth's presence put me immediately at ease. He had something I wanted to the point it felt more like a need. I needed this strange man to claim my body like an animal in heat. The more I suppressed the urge the stronger it seemed to get. 

Seth's house was nice and warm temperature and he listed a name of drinks. I chose Pepsi. I knew if he were to kiss me later Pepsi always left a sweet aftertaste. I took a small sip and sat down on the couch he pointed to. He sat down beside me, close enough that his knee touched my thigh as he faced me. My heart was pounding, blood seemed to rush through my veins causing me to feel a little light headed.

"You are sure that you want this? You can change your mind."

"I am just a littler nervous," I confessed, "but I don't want to leave." Seth grinned, now having assured my permission. While messaging I had confessed I needed to be led. I was shy in person, but that didn't mean I wasn't interested. I wanted him to fuck me, not just sex, not make love, I wanted him to fuck me. I wanted him to grab me like a wild beast and take me. I opened up to this complete stranger and told him exactly what I wanted...what I craved and I had done so shamelessly. 

Seth took my drink and set it aside, just the brush of his fingers sent my heart skipping. The anticipation of what we were about to do was a pure rush of excitement and hormones. I turned my body slightly so that I faced him. There wasn't a moment where I could honestly doubt what he wanted from me. Once my drink touched the table he closed the distance between us, pulling one hand behind my head and the other around my waist as he pulled me into his body, into his lips where he kissed me hungrily. His body was warm, strong but soft and smelled faintly of Axe. Seth groaned and his mouth began to travel south, his teeth nibbling my neck. His left hand rubbed the inside of my thigh and my skin tingled, breath quickened. As he kissed and nibbled as his hand moved in between my legs, closer to their prized destination.

I spread my legs, willing him to travel further. Seth didn't hesitate, his fingers wriggled beneath my panties and plunged them deep, catching me by surprise. I gasped, back arched as he wriggled his two fingers around to see how far he could reach into me. 

"You are so wet; you really wanted this, didn't you?" he asked, his voice now held a slight masculine growl to it. I flexed my hips against his hand, kissing his neck now as he slowly started to move his fingers in and out of me.

"You have no idea," I moaned. I reached out to his groin and was rewarded with the feel of him hard and straining against his basketball shorts. I wasn't the only one affected by what he was doing. To know that his stiff cock was because of me was almost overwhelming.

I felt raw and vulnerable as I sat neath him, legs spread and one hand gripping his shirt as he fucked me with his fingers, his thumb pressed against my clit and rolled in tiny circles causing me moan and thrust my hips against his fingers with lustful eagerness. 

"Your pussy feels like it's on fire," he growled, biting my neck lightly. He used his free hand to bring my breast towards his mouth. His tongue flicked out and played with my nipple causing me to whimper as the sensations began taking over my senses. Coherent thoughts slipped from my mind as my body's instincts took over. My body knew what it wanted...what it needed. I bit my lower lips as Seth continued to tease me with his mouth, he ran the edges of his teeth just around the tip of my nipple sending little sparks of pleasure through my body.

"Please..." I pleaded as I stroked his cock through his shorts. It wasn't giant, but it wasn't small either. And right that that moment I couldn't care less, I just needed to feel it inside me. I wanted to feel his body pound into mine.

"Mmmm...please what? Tell me what you want..." Seth encouraged. He was teasing me now and I 

growled a little.

"You."

"What do you want from me?" His fingers had slowed down, but he continued his assault on my clit, rubbing slow agonizing circles. He suddenly stopped and the sudden urge to pin this man on the carpet and take what I wanted ran through me, but before I could move he grabbed my leg and moved it to the other side of his body so that he was between them now. He thrust his hips forward, rubbing the length of himself against me. I whimpered and moaned as I grabbed his biceps and dug my fingers into them pulling him towards me.

I blushed furiously, I still had a hard time being forward in person but this man was driving me crazy. He started to suck on my neck, grinding his hips into me again.

"Cmon, just tell me what you want...I promise I will give it to you." My insides quivered at his words.

"I want you to fuck me," I whispered. I was momentarily worried he hadn't heard me but then he smiled and stood, offering me his hand. I stumbled as I regained control of my legs and followed him as he pulled me towards the hallway and what I could only guess was his bedroom. His bed was a little taller than most, and he spun me around causing me to giggle. I was quickly silenced as he drew me into another kiss, this one more demanding than the first. I melted in his grasp, giving myself over to the heat of the moment. This was exactly what I needed. He lifted my leg and ground himself against me. He lifted me up and set me on the bed, causing a squeal from my lips. 

I was a big girl and proud so being lifted like that surprised me. HIs hand returned to their torture and I glanced down to watch his fingers disappear into me. I reached forward to grab him but he stayed just out of reach. 

"Not yet," he chuckled, pushing me backwards and grabbing onto my breast, rolling my nipple between his fingers. I closed my eyes, losing myself. Then I felt a sudden strong electric jolt, almost sharp and painful. I sat up on my elbows and saw Seth kneeling on the floor with his face shoved between my legs.

I could feel his tongue licking every inch of me while his arms wrapped around my thighs so that I couldn't squirm away.

"What are you doing?" I demanded. He looked up for a moment and smiled, fluids on his face shining from the reflection of the bedroom light.

"I told you I was hungry," he replied and before I could protest or pull away he shoved his face back. I could feel his stubble brush against the most sensitive places as his mouth focused on my clit; licking it, sucking on it and I came. I'd never really liked receiving oral, but as my vision returned and I gasped to catch my breath I thought maybe it was time to make an exception. He wiped his messy face and then brought me back up to a sitting position to kiss me. I didn't hesitate or let myself overthink it, I kissed him back hungrily, letting him know how aroused I was. Without being asked or even it being suggested I sank to my knees, immediately reaching for his waistband.

Seth didn't argue as I pulled him free and brought him into my mouth. I didn't wait for instruction or encouragement, I knew what to do. I began to lick, getting the skin moist before taking all of him into my mouth. What Seth lacked in size, he made up for in skill and enthusiasm. I took my time, making sure to lick every inch of him. He was just the right size, fitting perfectly into my mouth. And he let me know how much he appreciated it. He had one hand resting on my head while he moaned, his thigh quivering beneath my touch. I let my tongue trace circles and patterns while I made sure to protect him from my teeth.

I took his hand and placed it on the back of my head in permission and he tangled his hands into it, not needing to be told twice. Seth pressed my face further and further down with each thrust of my head. I relaxed my throat as he started to pound himself into my face. It didn't take him long before he gave one final thrust and i could feel him cum running into the back of my throat. Like a good girl I swallowed and licked him clean as he pulled away, clearing his throat.

"That was so fucking hot..." I smiled as I looked up at him, feeling proud.

"I enjoyed that as well." He leaned forward and lifted me up, throwing me on my back on the bed.

"I'm not done just yet," he growled, pulling me back down to edge where he spread my legs and thrust himself into me, moaning as he slid right in. He was either already hard again, or he never went completely soft. He ground his hips into mine, moving his pelvis in a circular motion hitting new spots and causing me to cry out. Seth knew exactly what he was doing as he brought me close and closer to another orgasm. He squeezed my breasts, tickling them with his facial hair. He placed a hand on my shoulder, pulling me down to impale me with every thrust. I glanced up at his face, so focused, so intent. I rested my hand over his and I gently moved it over my throat. 

A sinister look flashed across his face and he squeezed; his hips now slamming into me at a bruising rate. My wordless lips mouthed the word please over and over; begging him to cum, begging him to use my body and release himself inside of me. The harder he fucked me, the better it felt and my vision suddenly faded into bright white light as I let out a silent scream. and for a moment i forgot how to breath. In the distant white noise of my mind I could hear him growl as he came a second time and he just leaned against my body, holding it there to the bed. Sweat covered his forehead, he was panting as he rested his head on my breast. I licked my lips trying to form words but all that came out was incoherent noises. He laughed at my attempt to communicate, which caused me to giggle and Seth pulled out with a wince, not daring to move the rest of his body just yet.

After awhile he managed to roll over and climb onto the bed next to me, my legs dangling over the edge of the bed as he made small talk and I regained the ability to walk. He helped me to find my clothes and was even gentlemanly enough to walk me to my car. With a peck on the check, we smiled and parted ways.