 The summer after graduation Erin Forrey was lucky enough to have the opportunity to live at her best friend Ashley Weeks house. Her mom had been transferred to an overseas assignment a month before graduation. Since Erin was going to college in August it did not make much sense to move her to Germany for 3 months just to move her back. The girls had grown up together from kindergarten through graduation, with a few minor tiffs in the middle school years. But they had stuck it out and stood the test of time, but at the end of August they were heading to different schools. Luckily they were both going to instate colleges so there was a chance to still see each other. Erin was nervous about embarking out without Ashley but excited too. Ashley was thin and bubbly and quite popular with the males in their school. Erin was chubby and shy so she was more of the tag along. She hoped that without Ashley she might get bolder.

That summer Ashley's older brother, Mike, had come home to work at the family restaurant between semesters. Both Ashley and Erin worked there as well. So needless to say the three of them were spending a great deal of time together. 

One afternoon a couple days after the graduation ceremony, Erin was in the kitchen of the Weeks' house getting a drink when Mike came sleepily into the room rubbing his eyes looking for coffee.

"Hey." He said grabbing a cup and pouring a steaming cup of dark roast. "Where is Ash?"

"She is opening today." Erin said taking a sip of water. "It was pest control last night so she went early to put the place back together."

"What time do you work?" Mike asked watching her through the steam.

"I am off today." Erin said.

"Any plans?" Mike seemed interested.

"Not really, I promised your mom I would call the pool guy to get the pool cleaned."

"Ah, yes. Keeping the homeowners happy so they don't kick you out."

"They wouldn't."

"You are probably right, but you are just a natural born pleaser aren't you?" Mike laughed. 

"Be nice." Erin blushed.

"Why should I?"

"I don't know. It is polite?" 

"See while you are busy being polite, I am busy getting what I want." Mike explained setting his half empty mug on the counter. "Being an Alpha I can see who I need to be charming with and who I need to control. You, little girl, are not in the charm category."

"What does that mean?"

"I guess you will see." Mike picked up his mug and headed back to his room.

Erin shook her head, trying to figure out what Mike was talking about. Alpha? What was that other than a lead pack dog? She sipped her water looking shyly at the doorway he went through. She was curious but she did not dare follow him to find out what he meant. She shook it off and grabbed the phone and the pool guys number.

Mike sat back in his bed, having the day off was a luxury. Having a day off with Erin around to fuck with was a gift. He texted his buddy Roger from work.

Hey man, call Ash and see if she wants to work your evening. I heard that Nat is going to be home alone tonight because her parents are out of town. Might be a good time to get a piece.

Excellent idea! Why Ash?

I need her out of the hizouse for a bit. Working on my own piece.

Cool bro. I am on it.

Mike set aside the phone and grabbed his hardening cock. He lazily stroked it a couple times before he slid it back in his sleep pants. He had plans for the load in his balls right now and it wasn't the inside of a tube sock. He heard Erin on the phone talking to the pool guy. He jumped up and opened his door a crack so he could hear what she was saying.

"3pm today would be great. Thank you." Erin paused. "Mrs. Weeks has an account... She is... Okay, yes I will be here. Thanks again." 

Mike heard her hang up and glanced at the clock. It was 9:30 am roughly. By 3 pm he should be ready to test the little chick if he moved soon. Mike grinned and headed to the en suite shower.

Erin heard the water running. As a guest she tried very hard to earn her keep. She cleaned the kitchen and started vacuuming the family room. She was in the middle when the vacuum shut off suddenly. She looked around and saw Mike holding the plug. He was shirtless wearing a pair of basketball shorts to mid-thigh, sporting more skin than she could remember seeing of his before. She tried not to stare at the sculpted chest and abs but the ripples of muscle were mesmerizing as the light played over every crest and hollow. 

Mike cleared his throat causing her eyes to jerk up to meet his smug gaze. "I do not know if you are aware, but that is loud and I am trying to concentrate. I assume your pleasing pleaser was trying to go above and beyond by cleaning the house." Mike's lips twisted in a mocking smirk. 

"I am trying to repay kindness, is that so wrong?" Erin was embarrassed and ashamed by the way he was describing her. She could not fathom why his derision would make her so defensive but there she was feeling all of her hackles rising.

Mike walked toward her holding the cord. "There is nothing wrong with being a pleaser. I just think in you case you are attempting to please in the wrong way. This Cinderella thing is not really what you were designed for. It seems a waste to not utilize that pleasing nature in the most natural way."

"What is the most natural way?"

"I am sure you will find out soon enough. I mean you are heading to college soon. Freshman year. The freshman fifteen. I mean on Ashley it would probably be a good thing, that girl is too skinny. But on you, it is going to go right here." Mike slapped her ass using an upward arc that caused her voluptuous flesh to jiggle in such a delightful way that he did it again. He stepped behind her and brought his hands up to cup both breasts. "And here. But see frat guys are going to want to date the skinny sorority girls but you, you they will slip something in your drink take you too a dark room with a bunch of their friends and give you cock in every hole. You will be known around school as Airtight Erin."

"What does that mean?"

"Well when a girl has a cock in her mouth, a cock in her pussy and a cock up her ass they call that being airtight. I imagine that you would also have a cock in each hand because you are such a pleaser. These tits." Mike licked her ear as he pulled at her hardening nipples. "That ass... You were built to be a slut and your natural inclination to please only adds fuel to that fire. Your future is covered in spunk."

Mike released her and stepped back. "I can tell that you are so eager to please that all it will take is some guy snapping his fingers and you are on your knees sucking him off."

"I have never..."

"I know, you are still pretending to be Cinderalla. One day soon though you are going to realize that the only way you are ever going to be truly pleasing is to be the slut you were meant to be. You are designed with 3 holes to service hungry cock. I can see you at frat parties now leaving your drink unattended so that the boys will dose you, give you a chance to be of service to men, they won't date you, but they will fuck you." Mike tapped her nose. "One day soon... Mark my words, Airtight Erin."

"I am not a slut. I am a virgin." Erin sputtered.

"A virgin is a slut that has not gotten started. It is a flap of skin keeping you from your destiny." Mike smiled at her kindly before he turned toward his room.

Erin watched him retreat and stayed there wondering what she should do now. If she went back to vacuuming would he come back out and tell her more about wasting her gifts? She looked down at herself. She covered as much skin as she could because she knew she wasn't skinny. Guys had never really looked at her or been interested in her. Mike was crazy to think that they would want to fuck her. They never asked her out... He had said that they wouldn't date her. Was that it? She had been setting her expectations in the wrong direction. All of the hot guys at school would be too embarrassed to be seen with her but would they want to sleep with her if it was a secret?

She really did want a boyfriend but maybe that was asking too much, maybe she should aim for someone who wanted to sleep with her. She could be a secret. Secret lover. Shy nerdy girl that can take cock in all her holes. Erin shivered at the idea. 

Erin put away the vacuum before heading down the hall. Mike's door was slightly ajar as she walked by slowly. 

"Hey there AT." Mike said reclining against the headboard on his bed. He watched her pause and look at him. He slowly raised his hand and snapped his fingers. Erin blushed and headed away from his door quickly. Mike laughed loudly behind her. She hurried into the room that she shared with Ashley and sank down on the twin bed she used. She was shaking but her underwear felt slippery. She covered her belly with her hand trying to get the twisting feeling to stop. She watched the door, knowing she was safe but slightly sad that she was. Part of her yearned for Mike to come after her, push her, make her do the naughty things he was talking about. That desire alone was enough to frighten the crap out of her. She groaned into her pillow.

After 45 minutes of fiddling with her phone she decided to head out to the kitchen for a drink. She tried to tiptoe past Mike's door but stumbled and hit the wall. Mike looked up and laughed at her crouched position. 

"AT, you too scared to get my attention you have to pretend you ran into the wall? That is sad." Mike watched her as she stood there frozen. "You know you want to." He said raising his hand and snapping his fingers. She blushed and hesitated before turning and running to the haven of the kitchen.

Mike did not follow her, after getting a drink she decided that she had to use the restroom and the one in the hall by her bedroom was the best choice because the half bath by the front door was for guests. She walked down the hall quickly trying to avoid Mike's door but there was no way to get to that bathroom without passing right by it. Before she was even in front of his door she could hear snapping like the cast of Westside Story was rehearsing in there. It reminded her of the Edgar Allen Poe story the Tell-Tale Heart. But instead of reminding her of a murder, it was reminding her that he thought she was a slut. Believed she was a slut based on her body. Believed that her fate was to become a slut. Every time she walked by she was beginning to believe it more. 

Mike smiled at her as she stormed past. She ignored him and went to the bathroom. She did her business but it took her extra time because her pussy was a slippery wet mess. She kept wiping and wiping until she could no longer feel the slippery. She washed her hands and opened the bathroom door to find Mike lounging against the door jamb. 

"You were really wet weren't you?" Mike whispered leaning in close. "Your pussy knows you are a slut, I know you are a slut, based on the bumps that are showing though your bra and shirt your tits know you are a slut. It will not be long before you are going to have to admit it. Then any cock with fingers to snap will have that slut throat wrapped around it without a word."

Mike pushed away from the wall and headed back to his room.

Erin stood there shaking, her pussy once again slick in her panties, her nipples rock hard, a blush burning her cheeks. The shame and excitement twisted in her belly. She looked in the mirror over the sink and saw the chubby girl with brown hair and brown eyes flushed with excitement, her full pouty lips slick with her saliva, her chest heaving. Her huge tits trapped behind layers of fabric tight and aching. Her hands were clenched at her sides with her tension. She looked at her face again and saw the excited sparkle in her eye. Whether it was right or wrong, Mike wanted to have some form of sex with her. Ashley's hot, ripped, older brother thought of her sexually. 

Sure he thought she was a slut and in her mind she wanted to deny it but the sound of that word was scratching an itch deep in her brain. The part of her brain that never had a boyfriend, who knew that she was fat and unlovable, that was the part that ached to be used. Ached to be loved and touched if even for a brief period of time, to be pretty enough to make a man cum.

She stepped into the hall and instead of turning to her bedroom which was the safe choice, she turned towards Mike's room. She stopped in the doorway and looked at Mike. She watched as he raised his hand and snapped. She instead of running stepped into his room.

"Stop right there. Any slut in my room is naked and on her knees. You may crawl over here. After you strip, of course."

Erin blushed darkly as she began fumbling with her clothes. 

Mike watched every move she made as she began removing the yards and yards of excess material that she hid behind. When the sweats came off he could see the lovely curve of her calf, her knee that led to her thick plush thighs. She lifted her shirt and he could see a full wild bush of dark pubic hair. She pulled her shirt free and for the first time he could see the trim waist that curved like an erotic hourglass between her hips and tits. Her tits were ginormous. Each one buried in a huge fabric cup looked like heads, smooth soft heads. Like she was smuggling people In her bra. He could never have imagined the glory of what she had been hiding for years. He felt his mouth go dry as she pulled off her bra and tossed it to the ground. Her breast were tipped with raspberry pink nipples the size of dimes, the areolas were slightly oval shape from the weight of her breasts. Mike was stunned at the beautiful goddess she had revealed. She had always been cute but her body would have made Jessica Rabbit green with envy.

She grimaced with embarrassment at being scene naked and slowly sank to her knees. She crawled across the carpet until she was next to his full sized bed. She peeked up at him trying to determine what to do next. Mike scooted to the edge of the bed moving his feet to either side of her knees to keep her trapped there. 

"I know that you are not used to any of this, so I am going to be forgiving. I will tell you what I want so you do not disappoint me." Mike said trying to keep his eyes on hers instead of her ridiculous body. "Sit up tall and put your hands behind your neck. Let any man willing to look at your body look as much as he wants. A slut is usually good at advertising, tight tops, yoga pants, boat neck shirts. Yoga pants so tight I can see the outline of that fat pussy. Get what I mean?"

"Yeah, I don't have any of that." 

"Guess you are going to have to go shopping." Mike shrugged. "Hair has to be brushed but any style will do. Buns and ponytails are great slut handles. Make-up needs to be heavy around the eyes so that when you are gagging on a dick you look truly ruined by the time you are done. You need to draw attention to your lips, paint them shiny, or bright colors."

Erin nodded understanding. She rarely wore make-up because when she did Ashley looked disgusted. But if she was going to live the slut life she might as well know all the tricks.

"Good, now, rise up and pull my dick out of my shorts." Mike instructed. Erin sat up and reached in trying to delicately remove him from the loose shorts. Her hand was barely a whisper on his aching cock. "Jesus Erin, it is a part of a man. It is strong and hard and you are treating it like china. Grip that cock and set it fucking free."

Her hand tightened, still not tight enough but at least he could feel her grip now. She pulled it free and tried to stifle a whimper. Mike was blessed with 9" of rock hard, thick cock meat. She would probably get cramps in her jaw from having to open her mouth wide enough to accommodate his shaft, but that was not his problem.

"Now you are going to find that a wet cock is a happy cock. The wetter the better. I want you to lick it until it is wet then take it in your mouth and drool and spit on it until it slides into your throat." Mike explained. "Being as you are new to this you are probably going to freak out when you gag, but the trick is when your throat starts to gag you use that to push past the reflex and then you will be fine. So when you start to feel it, push harder so you get the cock into your throat. You have to breathe and push. Understand?"

Erin nodded nervously gripping the base of his cock she leaned close and began licking. She was aiming for wet so she let the saliva pool on her tongue as she traced over every inch of him. When he was covered in her spit she sat up taller and wrapped her lips around his cock. She started slowly working her mouth up and down the cock stead rise and fall. 

He moaned and caressed her hair. Erin shuddered at the caress feeling more loved and cherished than she could ever remember. Having lost her father at 9 years old she missed that male approval in her life. His sound of appreciation was addictive. She wanted to be the one to bring him pleasure, to make him happy. She got bolder and deeper. As soon as the gag started, she thought about his instruction and pushed harder. When his dick popped into her throat his guttural growl of approval made her pussy tingle. 

He gripped her hair hard as he said, "Good slut. So good. I knew you were a natural born cock pleaser. Hold it right there and let me feel that throat. I will let you off before you pass out, just trust me and hold."

Erin had a natural instinct to struggle but his words calmed her. He knew more than she did, he would keep her safe. She could feel the blackness creeping close when he flung her off of him. She sat back and coughed trying to clear the panic and her airway. She glanced up and he smiled at her. 

"You did well little slut. Keep going. Make my cock explode so you can swallow your reward."

Erin smiled happily and began again. Slowly deeper and deeper, her jaw wide around his cock, her throat raw but welcoming, pushing hard, holding him in her struggling throat, pulling up, pushing down, tongue swirling so he will make that sound that makes her clit pulse, up with his tug at her hair down with his push, tongue swirl... She went to move her hand and brushed his balls making him moan in delight. She took that information in and began caressing his balls. She felt them pull tight as the cock in her mouth began to swell. Suddenly, he was groaning, his cock jerking and her mouth was filled with creamy salty fluid. She swallowed as fast as she could but she was caught by surprise by a random jet of cum that it made her cough. Cum burst out around his shaft where her lips pulled free, great globs of cum slid out pooling at the base of his cock. She swallowed the rest and pulled back looking up at him worriedly. 

"You should clean up the rest with your tongue and swallow it. It is rude not to fully enjoy your reward." Mike said pointing to the mess. "If a guy cums on your face, clean and eat. If he cums in your pussy, clean and eat. If he cums in you ass, clean and eat. You understand?"

Erin nodded as she cleaned his cock. Mike smirked at the impressive display of slutty eagerness. Her lapping was probably going to get him hard again so he stopped her with a tug of her hair. 

"Pool boy is coming soon. What do you say we have fun with him?"

"Um, okay." Erin looked puzzled at Mike. "What do I need to do?"

"Do you have a bikini?"

Erin snorted. "No. like I could wear a bikini." 

"I know Ash has some, lets go see what we can do." Mike said grabbing her hand and pulling her up. "Grab your clothes, I do not want to have to explain your panties in my room." 

Erin grabbed her clothes and scrambled after him. He went into the room that she shared with Ashley and started rummaging through Ashley's drawers. He found her bikinis and started sorting through until he came up with a bikini with hip ties and top ties. He untied them and threw the fabric scraps at Erin. 
