 An 18-yr-old is trained by her high school teacher.

*****

Slut in Training Part 1

It wasn't a coincidence that I always walked into class sucking on a lollipop. I also made sure I wore the most obscene thing I could get away with wearing. Mr. Dolan was always fighting my behaviors, telling me that I shouldn't dress the way that I did. He sent me to the office for dress code violations. I wasn't trying to fuck him. I was just trying to get attention and not necessarily from him. I wanted attention from all of the boys in my classes. I'd learned that if I gave them blowjobs and let them nut up in my asshole that they would always pay me more attention than the other girls.

I had a line of boys waiting to get with me. All the guys in my class wanted a turn fucking my holes and I was willing to give myself up to all of them. I'd learned early on that I liked the way it felt to be a little cum dumpster for men. I wasn't molested. There was nothing wrong with me. I just loved the way it felt when I got fucked hard and fast. The only guys that could fuck me the way I really liked were guys that didn't give a shit about me. I found the less that I knew them and the sooner I gave them access to my holes, the harder and more violent the fuck would be.

"Denise, I need to see you after class," Mr. Dolan was giving me a critical look and I shifted my weight in my chair and uncrossed my legs so he could have a nice view of the panties I wasn't wearing. "And no food in class." He frowned at my lollipop and so I stood up and bent over as I threw it away. The guys were all staring at my ass as I bent over. I could feel their eyes on me and the simultaneous hatred from all the females in the room. They were just jealous of me and my pussy. They wished they could command all of the dicks in the room the way that I could.

After class, I walked up to Mr. Dolan's desk and pulled out a new lollipop and began to suck on it seductively. He looked up at me, annoyed. I smiled as I twirled my tongue around the round sucker. It was cherry, my favorite.

"Denise. I've noticed that you seem to be, um, a bit out of control lately. I wanted to ask you if something is going on at home?"

"At home?" I didn't want to think about that shit. I didn't understand why he was asking me about my home life.

"Yes. I've gotten a lot of reports about you having a lot of promiscuous sex with some of the young men at this school."

"Which one of those little bitches told you?" I practically screamed.

"Look, it's not about who told. It's about me getting you the help you need."

"The only help I need is something bigger than this stupid lollipop to suck on! I need sex! Teenage hormones are ridiculous. I'm horny! I'm a girl. I can do something about it, unlike some people." I rolled my eyes and I hadn't meant him but I think he took things the wrong way and assumed that I did.

"I think you're going to regret your behaviors as rumors get around. People will think you are...well, they will think that you give your body up to others easily."

"I do. So what?" I shrugged. "I like to fuck. Get over it."

"Denise. There is no need for that kind of language."

"I like to get fucked in the ass. Have you ever fucked a teen in the asshole, Mr. Dolan? I'm eighteen now. It's not even against the law." I smiled seductively at him. I hadn't really thought about fucking him before that moment but he looked horny and uncomfortable and I really wanted to see if he would do it.

"I couldn't do that. It's unethical. I think you should go."

"You don't want me to suck on your cock and let you fuck my tight, little, teen asshole?" I stood up and bent over right in front of him. I pulled my ass cheeks apart and showed him my recently used asshole. I had let a couple of guys use it during the lunch break in the guy's restroom.

"Your asshole looks sore. I don't know why I'm even looking."

"Because you want it. Get your dick out and I'll suck it. I've been practicing on my lollipops all trimester."

"I can't," he said but he unzipped his slacks anyway. His cock was out and I dropped to my knees and took my teacher down my throat. I showed him exactly how slutty I was and I was certain he probably thought my home life was shitty as I took it deeper and deeper. He was moaning but I didn't want him to cum. I wanted it in my asshole.

"Fuck my ass!" I exclaimed as I pulled his cock from my throat. "Bend me over your desk, Mr. Dolan!"

He was ready for me now. I could hear the heaviness of his breathing and I was sure that he was going to fuck me better than the guys my own age. He would be my first older man and I was ready to feel his thickness spreading me out. His cock worked slowly into my tight, little hole. It was still lubed from the cocks that had cum in me during lunch. Mr. Dolan let out a moan as his cock fucked deeper and deeper into my teen ass. I knew he was loving this and I was loving it too. I took his cock, talking shit to him the whole time.

"Fuck me as hard as you want, Mr. Dolan. I like to get my holes used. I like to be fucked rough and hard. Please. Fuck me harder!"

"Denise, you are such a little slut taking my cock in your ass like this! I love it! I fucking love it! Take my cock, you dumb slut! I know how you fuck all the boys in the bathroom! I know how you let them all use you! I was trying to help you but you just wanted more cock, didn't you, you greedy whore?"

"Yes! Like that! Use me as a little teen whore! Cum up inside my ass! Fuck me as hard as you need to! I need to get used!"

"You stupid cum dumpster!" He grabbed my hair and pulled it as he used me. He reached up and choked me until my ass was spasming and gripping his cock. He spit on me and slapped the back of my head a few times as his cock worked into me harder and faster. 

"Yes! Yessss!" I screamed, cumming nice and hard. I felt my orgasm gush from my pussy, soaking the old, nasty school carpet underneath me. Mr. Dolan was still fucking me. He sure did last a lot longer than the boys my age did. My ass was starting to hurt but I liked the pain. I wished Mr. Dolan would use me like this every single day. My asshole was searing with pain and I cried out, the noise coming from me sounding wounded.

"That's so fucking hot! Take my cum you dumb, little teen cunt! Take it in your ass!" He was cumming and I could feel the satisfaction of having drained another cock settle over me. I knew how to drain them fast just by being a little slut. He pulled his cock from my ass and I smiled with satisfaction.

"How did you like my asshole, Mr. Dolan?"

"I thought it was mediocre. You need a lot of training if you really want to be a slut. That's what you want, isn't it?"

"What? Everyone says I'm the best."

"With all due respect, Denise, you're fucking a bunch of teen boys. They don't know shit about shit. You're just average. If you want to be good you'll need some training. I'd be happy to help you if you don't mind getting all of your holes used daily.

"By you?"

"Of course, by me, you dumb cunt. I didn't fuck you half as hard as I could have. You don't deserve it yet."

"I don't?"

"Nope. You'll have to earn it."

"How do I earn it?"

"You can start by sucking my cock clean for me."

"Seriously?"

"Seriously. Then I'll fuck you some more if you do a good job. Would you like that you stupid whore?"

"Yeah." I dropped back down to my knees and sucked his cock clean for him. I had underestimated Mr. Dolan. He really had been trying to help me all along.

Slut in Training Part 2

"Denise! Answer the question!" I sat up straight in my chair. I must have dozed off. I was so tired from letting Mr. Dolan fuck my ass all night in the back of his tool shed. Things had been progressing for almost five months since I had first fucked him. 

"Huh? What?" I asked, looking around. We were actually in class and I looked down at myself. I was dressed like a little slut, just the way Mr. Dolan liked to see me. Graduation was only a few weeks away and I couldn't wait. I was already checked out.

"There is no sleeping in class. I want you to stay after and talk to me about this. Understand?" He gave me an evil looking stare but I knew it was just an act. I knew he couldn't wait to get his older cock into my tight, young holes again. Even though we'd fucked all night he was still horny for me.

"Yes, Mr. Dolan," I bowed my head as if I was actually sorry and then when Mr. Dolan's back was turned I winked at a few of the boys I liked to fuck in the guy's locker room. They gave me nasty looks and I figured I could fuck them later if I kept flirting the way that I was.

The bell rang and all of my classmates left me behind, alone with Mr. Dolan. I pulled a lollipop out of my bag and unwrapped it seductively. I popped it into my mouth and gave Mr. Dolan a little smirk that I knew turned him on. I watched his crotch and smiled as I saw his cock getting harder.

"Why are you sucking on that when you should be sucking on this?" Mr. Dolan asked, his voice fixed and commanding.

"Oh, you still want more? Even after last night?" I knew he wanted more. They always wanted more of my tight, young pussy and ass. Mr. Dolan was just as addicted as all the other cocks I'd fucked. The only difference was that he was older than me by quite a bit. He could have been my father. He was married with children, too and something about that made my pussy ache for more abuse from him.

I wondered if his wife fucked him and if she did, if it was as good as the sex was with me. I wondered if he was bored with her and I imagined him fiending for me while he tried to fuck her, thinking of how tight my ass was when he blew his load in her. I wondered if the sex he was having with his wife was getting better because of me. I mean, if he was thinking of me when he fucked her maybe it made it better for her. I told myself that I was actually helping his marriage and I smiled to myself.

"You know I always want more of you, you eager little slut," he winked, moving toward me.

"Does that mean I'm doing a good job now?"

"You'd be doing a better job if you were on your knees sucking my cock, you stupid slut. Now get over here and suck me." He stared me down and I set my lollipop right on the desk I had been sitting at and moved to him. I dropped to my knees, looking up into his eyes with subservience. I wanted to be his everything. I wanted to control him like a puppet. I wanted him to pay for turning me into his little cock slave.

For five months I'd been endlessly fucking him, giving him my pussy, ass, and mouth to the point where I could barely sit down most days. I'd been fucking the other boys less and less because Mr. Dolan kept my holes so sore and used that I couldn't imagine taking any more dick by the time he was done with me. I was still sore, even now as I sucked his cock.

I tried hard to suck all the cum from his dick with my mouth, knowing that my holes were both so destroyed from the night before that any attempts at sex would hurt me badly. I could have said no but there was a part of me that was too proud to surrender. I would take Mr. Dolan's beatings until he surrendered to me. I would not be out-fucked by an older man.

"Take it deeper, slut! Open your mouth all the way! Let me fuck that throat! Relax, slut. There you go!" He pushed his cock deep into my throat. I was shocked as it went deeper than I had ever been able to stand. I knew that a month ago I would have choked on his dick being that deep. Now, I was a seasoned slut, accustomed to Mr. Dolan's probing head as it used my throat in ways it had never been used. "That's a good girl. Open your eyes and look at me. Look at me."

I looked up at him and he smiled sadistically, laughing. I felt so vulnerable and yet I knew I had to make him cum with my throat. This was my only hope. If I didn't make him cum this way I didn't know if I could handle it. He gripped my face by each of my cheeks and worked his cock in and out of my throat, playing with me as if I was a toy. I tried to pretend that I was somewhere else, somewhere far away to keep myself from choking. I remembered things that people had told me when I was first becoming a slut. I remembered all the things that people had warned me about and yet no one had warned me about this. No one warned me that I would be too proud to say no or that I needed to stop. Instead, I pushed myself until I choked on his cock.

I gagged and sputtered, coughing and coughing as I realized that he had ruined my throat as well. I now had three perfectly ruined holes and here he was, still hard and coming at me. I didn't know what to do but I knew that I had to keep going. I needed to please him and show him that I was the girl that could actually handle his desires. I was the girl that could take the beating that he was dishing out.

"You choked pretty hard there," he said with annoyance. "Can you keep going or is it time for a different hole."

"Did you lock the door?" I asked him. I looked around and realized that we were still in the classroom. We had fucked there a lot but I was worried about him getting caught. I was a teen and I wasn't going to be the one to get in trouble if we got caught. Still, it seemed like Mr. Dolan liked the risk.

"Of course, you stupid slut. Bend over my desk. I want you to spread those ass cheeks open." I was still wearing my clothes but my skirt was short and I wasn't wearing panties. I knew Mr. Dolan had been looking at my pussy the whole time we had been in class, just like all the boys my age had been.

"I love this ass," he said, then smacked each of my ass cheeks for good measure. You want it in your pussy or ass?"

"Both," I said through gritted teeth. I knew that either hole was going to hurt but I was pleasantly surprised when he pushed his cock into my pussy and it didn't hurt as badly as I thought it would. It stung a bit but it was nothing I couldn't handle.

I let the feelings of being used sink in with every thrust. I felt useful to him and it was the closest thing to love that I had ever known. I had only wanted to please him with my pussy so that I could get this feeling of being cared for by someone older. I let him use me however he wanted, thinking that it would somehow solidify our relationship.

I came hard on his cock thinking about how close to him I was and how he probably hadn't fucked too many of his students the way that he had been fucking me. 

"What did you just do?" he asked me angrily.

"I don't know!"

"Yes, you do!" He slapped the back of my head as he pulled his cock from my pussy and roughly pushed it into my ass with only my own juices as lube.

"I was cumming!" I screamed.

"Tell me when you fucking cum! Do you understand?"

"Yes!" I screamed, his cock opening my ass up painfully. I was definitely sore but after he got his cock all the way inside of me, things released a bit and I found that the pain turned to pleasure. I felt the intensity of Mr. Dolan's thrusts as he took out all of his frustrations on my tight, little asshole.

I fucking loved anal with him. I screamed, trying to form words faster than my orgasm was forming. "I...I...I..." I screamed before I let go. My body was shaking, my asshole was spasming and in my heart was a tightening, a depth of feeling that made me wonder why I was so fucked up.

Mr. Dolan covered my face with his hand so that he didn't have to look at my face as I came. It felt so awkward and yet there was something so hateful in this action that it brought me comfort. I had felt this feeling so many times before. It was the feeling of being used without regard. It was the feeling of abuse and also the only feeling I'd ever known that had bonded me to another human being. I wanted him to hurt me. I came as he hurt me.

I screamed, realizing only after Mr. Dolan had come to a stop that he had cum. He pulled out of my ass and I could feel the raw soreness as it ached inside of me.

"Fuck...that was good," Mr. Dolan shook his head in disbelief.

"Yeah? So can I call you Randy now?" I asked him, referring to his first name.

"No, but I'll tell you what. You let me know when you're cumming and I'll think about it."

"Sorry, it's hard to speak when you make me cum. So do you think I'm getting better?"

"At what?" he asked, annoyed. He tucked his cock back into his pants and stared me down.

"At having sex? You said before that I was mediocre. Am I getting better?"

"You're still mediocre but you are getting better."

"I am?" I trilled with delight.

"Yes. I like how you just keep taking my cock no matter how many times I want you. That's a good girl." 

His words hit me in ways I never knew words could. For the first time in my life, I was getting real praise. It felt so good that I knew I would do whatever it took to feel that way again. He was always helping me.