 I leaned back against the double-pane glass as I waited for my bus. I was in no particular hurry and I figured I could just ride the bus in circles to pass the afternoon; my hook up hadn't lasted as long as I'd planned for and I had a sitter so I wanted to enjoy my free time. Then he sat down beside me, his long light brown hair was pulled back into a ponytail that was one thick braid. Long hair on most guys bothered me usually, because it obscured my vision, but on this guy it looked good. He had a slight goatee and he leaned forward, resting his elbows on his knees as he looked over at me. He wore a simply basketball jersey, revealing fairly tattooed arms and that he was several shades darker than me. But being pale means I am used to that.

"So is it true?" he asked. I glanced at him through my sunglasses, I knew what in particular he referred to, but I was going to make him state it aloud.

"Is what true?" I asked coyly. 

"That you're a filthy slut." He meant for his words to come out confident but his voice faltered slightly. The girl sitting beside him glanced at us, eavesdropping, but I didn't care. She was a stranger, what did her opinion matter to me? I smirked at the realization that he was nervous, why was HE nervous? He was the one that was out of my league, not the other way around.

"And what if it is?" I returned, almost daring him to say something rude about it.

"That's so fucking hot; what I wouldn't do for one night..." His voice held a slight growl to it. I found myself suddenly speechless; he couldn't be referring to me! When I said nothing in return he continued.

"Does Colt share you? he asked bluntly. Colt had been the hook up I'd been with earlier that day; #27. He'd spent time in prison with Adam. Before Colt hopped onto a bus home he had briefly introduced me as the filthy slut he met online." 

"I am not his to share, I am in charge of myself," I announced. Although technically I was married, but Adam wasn't going to care about that. According to him he had a woman of his own and 5 kids waiting at home.

"Let's say you and I take a walk?" I grinned and shook my head.

"Where would we go?"

"You know any nearby park ...or woods?" I entertained his notion slightly.

"I've lived here only 2 months and I don't get out much." The nearest park was more of a small playground.

"What about the bathrooms?" I felt my heart race at the thought; blood pumping as my skin felt flush. My cheeks warmed as I fought the urge to hid my face in embarrassment. The whole situation felt surreal and I came close to pinching myself just to make sure I wasn't hallucinating.

"I don't want you to feel pressured," he added when I took too long to reply. I couldn't help it, I laughed.

"I don't do anything I don't want to," I announced proudly. 

"Well, do you want to?" he asked, voice growing husky.

"It's not a matter of want," I replied. Many factors played into the position I was about to consider. But Adam didn't stop there.

"What else is there to consider?"

"I just slept with your friend this morning and I haven't even had time to shower." He looked at me incredulously.

"It doesn't bother me." 

"And I don't know where we could go that's nearby."

"Why don't we just take a walk and see if we find a place. When will another opportunity like this ever happen again?" My pulse pounded in my ears as I started to breath heavily. He was right, how often would I have the chance to fuck a random hot stranger I met at a bus stop?

"C'mon, what do you say?"

"Alright, lead the way." I could see the girl staring at us with an open jaw and I resisted the urge to stick out my tongue. Excitement coursed through my veins. Adam and I walked, no particular destination in mind.

"So, what kind of things do you like?" I grinned, there were many things I liked.

"Hair pulling, spanking, choking, anything rough," I confessed, turning an even brighter shade of red. There is something freeing from confessing your kinks to a complete stranger; they don't know me well enough that their judgement bothers me, if there is any. Adam groaned, a deep masculine sound and it made my knees quiver. 

"If only those bushes were taller," he muttered and I almost couldn't believe my ears. I couldn't' remember the last time someone was so verbal with me about what they wanted. He had no qualms speaking exactly what he was thinking and with no shame. I found it refreshing. When we came across an open, broken down garage I knew it was the best place we were going to find. We approached it cautiously, Adam looked inside and it was filthy.

"Cobwebs, tree limbs everywhere, it's dirty in here," he announced to me from inside. He looked hesitant and I peeked inside. 

"If we stick to this corner nobody will see us." I didn't care how dirty it was, we were about to make it a whole lot dirtier. I gave him a wicked smile and he pulled me inside behind him. I didn't want to wait to maybe find another place, I wanted what he promised me. I stepped over some branches, setting down my purse and jacket as I turned to face him. He grabbed my face and pulled me into a powerful hungry kiss. I hadn't expected that but I didn't hesitate to kiss him back, pressing myself against him, feeling him grow hard as he ground his hips back against mine. I could taste the whisky he'd been sipping from a large McDonald's cup earlier, and a voice in my head reminded me it was probably the only reason he was even doing this.

But it didn't matter, what mattered was what we were about to do next. When Adam pulled away from the kiss I felt lightheaded and heat pooled to my middle. Adam didn't hesitate, his hand cupped my breast as he pulled the tank top down to reveal them. He brought one to his mouth and I groaned, growing wetter the more and more he touched me. I gently reached out to caress him, his body covered in thick lean muscle. He was rock hard now, straining against his jeans. He groaned as he kissed his way down to my neck and bit down. I cried out, quickly silenced by his hand.

"Don't want our fun to stop early, do you?" he scolded. He slid his hand up my skirt, fingers dancing around the waistband of my panties. My back arched as he slid a finger inside me.

"My god you ARE a filthy slut, aren't you?" I nodded, my hands clasping his shoulders as my hips ground against him. He slid another finger into me and I closed my eyes, moaning. Adam started out slow, the wet sounds dominated the room as he started to fuck me with his fingers. With his hand covering my mouth I could only moan as I felt the tips of his fingers rubbing against my g-spot. I struggled to keep my legs spread, as I tightened down around his fingers and he used his thumb to rub against my clit. I came almost instantly and he caught my scream with a kiss, fingers thrusting harder as I rode wave after wave of ecstasy. When my vision returned from the pure white light I realized I was panting. my limbs felt weak and my mind danced in euphoria. Finally I had to pull his hand away, body too sensitive after what he'd just done. 

"Your turn," I gasped. Most times I fucked people just to fuck people, few knew what they were doing or even cared to get me off. Not that I cared, honestly I had fun either way; orgasms are like the cherry on the sundae. But Adam seemed to be even more aroused now that I was flushed with pleasure. Adam removed his fingers, and I could see them covered in my own juices. He grinned shamelessly as he brought his fingers closer to my mouth. I stared into his eyes as I took them, giving him a taste of what I could do with my mouth. He thrust his fingers in and out and I managed to keep eye contact as I cleaned his hand free of all traces me. It tasted sweet, almost sugary; when Adam pulled his fingers away he tossed his jacket onto the ground between us. And without waiting for encouragement I kneeled. I didn't wait for him to unbutton his pants, I reached forward, undoing his belt, he ran his hands through my hair, giving it a playful tug as I unbuttoned the pants next, slowly pulling down the zipper. 

I grabbed the waistband and pulled them down along with his boxers just enough that he was free. My heart nearly skipped a beat when I saw the size of him. 

"Think you can handle it girly?" I looked up at him and smiled.

"Won't know until I try." I wrapped my hand around it, my fingers barely touching my thumb. I pulled him to my mouth and used my tongue to lick the precum that was slowly spilling out. Adam shuddered, his grip in my hair tightening. I took him into my mouth, starting out slowly so that I could adjust to the size of him. I'd never had something so thick in my mouth before and the last thing I wanted to do was accidently hurt him with my teeth. But the longer I had him in my mouth, the faster I got until eventually he grabbed both sides of my face and began to slam himself down my throat. I relaxed my jaw, fighting my gag reflex every time he dinged the back of my throat. His pelvis pounded into my face, I kept my hands on his thighs, savoring the feel of him fucking my mouth.

I clenched my legs together, stimulated by the onslaught of his dominance. When he stopped I looked up at him confused, drool dripping for the corner of my mouth. He hadn't finished, why was he pulling away?

"Stand up and turn around," he ordered. I placed my hands against the wooden side of the broken garage and he pulled down my panties, lifting up my skirt as he lined himself up with my wet slit.

"Are you ready slut?" My legs shook a little, but I nodded, not quite trusting the words to come from my mouth. I had serious doubts he would fit, but I hungered to feel him inside me, feel his thick shaft plow into me, stretching me beyond what I thought capable of taking. I felt him pressed up against me, the tip of his cock spreading my cunt beyond its breaking point. I clenched my teeth, sure that he was going to tear me but he was patient and slowly forced it in until he was buried all the way inside me. My nails dug against the wood as I focused on breathing and not tensing up.

"You alright girly?" I nodded again and felt his arms encircle me, his hands moving to twist my nipples as he allowed me to adjust to his size. He started slow, and I leaned forward so that he had better access. He started to speed up, almost lifting me off the ground with every thrust. I whimpered as he started thrusting with wild frenzy. He had one hand wrapped in my hair as he pressed my face into the warped wood. The other wrapped around and squeezing one of my breasts. I bit my lip so hard I tasted blood as I flexed my hips backwards to meet his, using the wall as leverage. 

"Take every fucking inch of this cock" He growled. He leaned forward and bit the curve of where my neck meets my shoulder, digging his teeth in hard enough I felt them pierce my skin. Then suddenly an Orgasm rippled through me and I arched my back, crying out as he gave a last few pumps, releasing himself inside of me. He rested forehead against my back as we stood there in our post coital bliss, his hot breath against the back of my neck as our bodies came down from our primal high. 

"That...was...amazing," he managed to breathe and I nodded in agreement, too busy trying to catch my breath to form words quite yet. He pulled away slowly and was even kind enough to pull my panties back up for me.

"I wasn't too rough was I?" he asked. I shook my head, and grinned.

"It was just what I needed."