 Those of you familiar with my story will know that I've went from hot trophy wife to out and out slut wife. My husband has given me full permission to fuck whomever I want, whenever I want. While this has been a perfect arrangement for a hot slut like myself, I must admit I do miss the excitement of the non permission teasing and discrete fondling that used to occur. Hubby's job sometimes takes him out of town or overseas occasionally and what I am about to regale is what happened when he was off on one of his employment excursions. I'd dropped him off at the airport for his five day overseas visit, wearing my usual outrageous lingerie, but this time hidden behind my long leather look macintosh. Hubby drove to the airport, feeling my shaved pussy for most of the journey, slipping his index finger deep into my slot at every given opportunity. I never came on this journey but he did bring me to heights of almost orgasm, with me moaning and sighing at the sensual pleasure of his invading finger. By the time we reached the airport, I was a highly sexed creature desperate for a length of cock. As we pulled up to the drop off point, hubby leant over, opening my coat fully and began to paw my pierced nipples and thrust his finger forcibly into my soaked pussy. Thrusting my hips to meet the onslaught of his finger I finally achieved my orgasm rather audibly, panting ferociously that I needed a cock inside me.

"That will have to wait until I get home honey!" hubby smiled as he slid his cum drenched finger out of my swollen pussy. Kissing him sexily and slowly I whispered.

"I'll pick you up on Friday wearing this lot and fuck you in the car park!" I smirked. Hubby gave me a strong kiss as he climbed out of our car and got his bags from the back. Closing the door he smiled as he made his way into the airport terminal. I climbed across the console, almost thinking of sliding my shaved slot over the manual gearstick and took my position in the drivers seat. Clicking the seatbelt into position my coat was still open, I drove out of the drop of point and made my way home. My coat was revealing my faux leather underwear to anyone who could see through the tinted windows of our car as I drove along the road. My nipples were burning with desire, resting on my black faux leather quarter cup bra, making my huge tits paper even bigger. The bra matched my waist cinching black faux leather waspie, tied tightly at the front. My black silk seamed stockings were attached to the garter straps of the waspie, as my spike heeled shoes floored the accelerator. I was buzzing sexually and needed to be filled with cock. 

Any cock, as long as it was hard and ready explode it's hot sticky cream for me. I remembered the times before our new lifestyle when I would tease dance partners and let them have a sneaky feel of my tits or pussy without my husbands knowledge, but still returned to my husband technically uncheated. I instantly thought of ringing Steve and see if he would come over and fuck me as my hubby had seen him slide that wonderful cock into me on numerous occasions but never behind my husbands back. 

This didn't satisfy the naughty urges that were building inside me. I needed to cheat on my husband with some new strange cock to douse this sexual fire. My mind was whirling with delicious sexy thoughts as I continued my drive. I pulled up to a set of traffic lights with a lorry directly next to me. The lorry was an overseas delivery, so the driver was actually next to my side of the car. I looked up to the cab to see the driver smiling down at me. My coat was wide open with my huge tits, shaved pussy and erotic lingerie all on display. I smiled back at the lorry driver and parted my legs slightly, just enough to ensure that my smooth slit was now on display.

The driver smiled not believing his luck. Winding his window down he wolf whistled as I placed my hand on my puffed pussy lips.

I wound my window down, turning my head toward him I shouted.

"Would you like to fuck this?" smiling as I slid a finger between my pussylips.

"How much will it cost?" The driver enquired.

An electric charge surged through my pussy as I realised he thought I was a hooker. Playing along with this game I noticed that the driver was probably in his early thirties and had a rugged charm about him. Very tanned with dark thick hair I looked and thought to myself I'd fuck him for free, but continuing the charade I shouted back to him.

"Fifty for a fuck and one hundred if you want to fuck my arse!" I smiled licking my teeth.

"How long do I get? he asked efficiently.

Two hours. My next client is due in three hours!" I continued with the charade.

"You're on!" he smiled.

"Good!" I declared. "Follow me to my place of work and we'll get working on emptying your load!" I smiled just as the lights changed to green. 

I drove off first and slotted into the same lane as the Lorry driver. He followed me like the professional driver I expected, all the way to my marital home. I pulled the car into our drive as the screeching of his air brakes filled my street. He climbed out of the cab and walked toward my car. Looking in my rear view mirror I could see he was over six feet tall and possessed quite an athletic body. This was going to be more fun than I expected. 

A very sexy blue collar worker was going to pay me to stick his cock deep inside me. He tapped on my window as I opened my door and slid my long stockinged leg out of the car. My legs were parted as my shaved slit opened revealing my moist pussylips. He sighed a very erotic sigh as I climbed out of the car with my coat still open, revealing my underwear, pierced nipples and shaved pussy to him. Placing his hand on my shaved pussy I knocked his hand away saying.

"Business before pleasure!"

"Ok lady. I'll have the one hundred deal and fuck your pussy and ass!" he smiled handing me one hundred in used twenties. Placing the notes in my pocket I stroked his rather large bulge and said.

"You made the right choice!" Turning away from him I locked my car door and opened my front door with my house keys.

"Come on in" I smiled "We'll need to get that cock inside me and get you your money's worth!"

He placed his large calloused hand around my cinched leather look waist, pulling me close to him effortlessly and looked into my eyes.

"Is kissing permitted?" with a scolded schoolboy look in his eyes.

"Why not!" I stated "My next client is a rich Arab and you've no idea of the filthy depraved things he'll be doing to me! So I suppose a little snog wouldn't hurt!" I embellished somewhat.

Holding me tight, he brushed his lips against mine as I snaked my tongue into his open mouth. His large manly hands slid onto my exposed breasts as his fingers gently applied pressure to the flesh jutting from my nipples. The tingling sensation of the pressure he was placing on my overtly erect nipples was driving me wild with desire. I slipped my coat off allowing him better access to my body as he broke our kiss and whispered.

"Shall we introduce ourselves to our bodies?" he smirked placing the cup of his hand on my shaved mound. His middle finger parted my inflamed pussylips and slid inside my soaked quim with simplistic ease.

"Someone loves her work!" he teased feeling my wetness "I must have a taste of this!"

Dropping to his knees, he placed his hands either side of my shaved slit and held my lips open, exposing my pink aroused flesh. My musk filled my own nostrils as I felt his warm breath waft my opening. Like an electric shock, his tongue flicked my labia as a deep moan left my mouth. His tongue slithered inside my pussy, tasting my inevitable wetness, wriggling his tongue expertly.

Gaining my composure for a moment I moaned softly.

"Let's take this into the bedroom where I can give your cock the same attention!" I panted trying to gain some level of control.

My client removed his orgasmic tongue from my pussy and stood directly in front of me. He held my head gently and kissed me softly allowing me to taste my juices, glistening on his lips and chin. Licking all of my pussy juice from his face I guided him to my marital bed where I was about to cheat on my husband with my first prostitute experience. As we entered my marital boudoir, I began to unbutton his checked shirt, revealing a very muscular torso with a hint of six pack. His arms were strong and muscled as he began to unbuckle the belt of his blue combat trousers. 

I stopped his hand and took over the task with my long talked nails. Slipping the belt through the buckle, I popped the button on his trousers and slowly slid his zip down. His trousers collapsed around his ankles revealing a tight pair of Calvin Klein's with a very prominent bulge stretching the white material of his underwear. Stroking the massive bulge, I gently tapped my long red nails along the length of the shrouded cock. Placing my nails in the waistband, I gently tugged the waistband over his hips as his cock sprang forward. An enormous veined beast thrust from his groin, throbbing and pulsing just inches from my face. I looked up at him and placed the tip of his cock onto my bottom lip, flicking my tongue onto his bulbous head as I slowly pulled his foreskin back and shrouded my mouth over his hard meaty flesh. He moaned softly as my vacuum sucking action, drew his length further into my warm inviting mouth. Sucking and licking his very impressive cock like a good whore should, my mind went into overdrive at how much pleasure I was deriving from being a hooker and cheating on my husband in our marital home. He looked at my stretched ruby lips, gliding the length of his veined throbbing cock.

"Your sexy outfit is so fucking hot! You are by far the best whore I've ever encountered!" he smirked as I continued slobbering on his awesome cock.

"Let's get this big fucker inside me and let you see just how slutty this whore can be!" I teased, licking the head of his cock. He eased me up off his cock and tasted his salty manliness on my stretched lips. Sitting down on the bed he kicked his shoes and trousers off. Reaching into his pocket he pulled out a silver square packet and tore the corner with his teeth. A long gossamer condom slithered out of the pack as he stretched the soft pink latex. Holding his hard cock at the base, he pulled the pink skin over the length of his steel hard cock. His cock was thrusting forward like a shiny pink cannon awaiting to fire it's first salvo. I grazed the length of his condom covered cock with my talon like nails and straddled his thighs as my shaved pussy opened and allowed the tip of his strong pulsing member to slide inside my pussy. I couldn't help moaning as his cock stretched my hole, forcing my pussy flesh to shroud his large bulbous cock end. I slowly slid down the length, acclimatising myself to the wonderful sensations of his stretching cock. As my pussy planted the entire length deep inside me, he groaned gently.

"Fuck me but that is one tight hot pussy!" He whispered as I began to gyrate my hips, thrusting on his cock.

"If you can stay hard long enough you'll find out how tight my ass is!" I teased, riding his cock.

"Oh fuck!" he panted, placing his hands on my butt cheeks, stretching my tight ring with his brutish force. I placed my hands on his thighs behind me and began to fuck him vigorously. My stretched cunt was exposed to him as his cock plunged deep inside me. His lips brushed against the jewellery piercing my nipples as the flesh of my nipple was now been gently chewed by his diamond white teeth. I placed my hands on his head, softly hugging his dome as he fucked my pussy and stretched my ass. My orgasm was surging through as my breathing became more erratic with each wonderful thrust. My panting and moaning were too obvious not to notice that my orgasm was now in full flow.

"Fuck me!" I cried as he buried his length into my hot tight quim. His fingers stretched across my butt cheeks as I felt the tip of one slowly circle my anus bud. My client gently pushed his finger into my tight asshole just as my orgasm began to wane. Keeping me in the dizzy heights of arousal, he expertly fucked my cunt and fingered my ass. I couldn't believe that I was being paid to receive this level of pleasure.

"Can I fuck your ass now?" my client dutifully enquired.

"Honey of course you can fuck my ass. What position would you like to fuck me in?" I enquired like an obedient whore.

"Would you kneel on the bed and I'll fuck you from behind!" he asked rather subserviently.

"Sure baby I'll kneel on the bed and you can slide that hard pole deep in my ass, and if you're reply good just let me know when you're gonna cum and we'll whip that condom off and you can give some of that good lorry driver cream!" I teased.

I knelt on the bed, opening my legs and arching my back exposing my hairless slit and puckered ring to my john. I slid a nail just inside my asshole then gently scraped it down my shaved slit, moaning softly I did so.

"Come on baby give me that cock! Fuck my ass deep baby!" I moaned.

I felt a warm sensation on my asshole as he spat a rather large globule of saliva, making me feel even more of a slut than I was. I squirmed with delight at his filthy antic and felt a slight stinging sensation as the head of his cock stretched my ring and slowly pushed the rest of his length into my ass. I gasped at the stretching and stinging sensation as his cock filled my ass. He slid his cock slowly out of my ass, feeling the walls of my anus pulled back with his length. With just the tip inside my ass he grabbed my leather cinched waist and ploughed his cock deep inside my ass forcefully. The breath left my body at the ferocity of his lunge. There is no other way to describe this feeling than fucking sensational. My fingernail scraped my clitoris out of its hood as he began a nice rhythm of fucking my ass.

"You're such a dirty whore!" he snarled as he fucked me senseless.

"Oh yeah. Fuck my ass and treat me like a slut!" I begged.

"Take this cock you filthy slut!" he snarled.

Every thrust and every insult where like little erotic electric shocks, sending me into sexual overdrive. The speed at which my fingernail was gently scratching my exposed clitoris, send my orgasm wild. My thrusts were uncontrollable as he continued his onslaught of my, feverishly calling me cock hungry slut. As my orgasm surged through me I felt the first burst of female ejaculation as my pussy emptied copious amounts of creamy pussy fluid. My fingertip now soothingly rubbed my flaming clit as loverly kept thrusting his cock in and out of my ass. His breathing became more laboured as he gritted his teeth and said.

"I'm going to come sexy bitch!" I unplugged his cock from my ass, turning 180 degrees rapidly and slid his condom from his length, placing my lips over his pulsating member. Spurt after spurt off hit spicy cum blasted the back of my throat. For the last two spurts I took his cock out of my mouth, holding in front of my open lips. Giving the satisfaction of watching his jism splash across my lips and cheeks. Jerking his cock to submission he flopped on the bed panting and breathless. I leaned over him, scooping the stray cum from my face with my finger and seductively licking the warm white cream clean off my finger.

Watching his broad chest heave up and down until his breathing had almost returned to normal I went back into hooker business mode.

"Come on you'll have to fuck off now as my rich Arab will be here soon to use and abuse me!" I smiled.

"You'll have to give me your number as I definitely want more of this pussy and ass!" he excitedly questioned.

Writing my cell phone number on a small piece of paper, I handed him the number and smiled.

"As long as you only call me during the day! I don't want my husband getting suspicious!" I exclaimed.

"You fucking cheating filthy whore!" he smiled.

"And don't you forget it!" I grinned.