 He buzzes the door and she lets him up, leaving the front door on the latch so that he can walk straight in. 

Positioning herself on her knees, she waits for him to walk through the door, her heart beating fast, her make up perfect, in a silver and black bra and thong and pale grey heels, her face slightly flushed in anticipation of what she is about to do. 

He walks through the door and sees her and a smile spreads across his face. He walks straight towards her as she places one long pale-pink painted finger to her lips, signalling him not to speak. His hands move to his jeans and he pops the button, pulling the zip down, releasing himself from his jeans, his cock getting visibly harder as he makes his way to her. 

She opens her mouth and slides her tongue out, licking his head before taking him into her mouth, sliding her perfect deep-pink lips around his shaft, sucking him deeply as he watches her. Her fingers gently take his balls, her long pink nails digging in slightly as she rolls them, his eyes hooded as he moans and watches her. She tightens her lips around him and sucks gently, then pulls back leaving a ring of deep pink lipstick around him. 

The sight of it makes him twitch and grow harder in her mouth, as his hand finds the back of her head, fingers winding into her hair and pushes her gently onto him. She moans and the vibration runs down his cock, his own moans in time with hers. She reaches her free hand around him and runs her nail up the crease of his arse and back down again, sliding in between the cheeks, finding his arsehole and gently scraping against it. 

He forces her head onto him with increasing speed, never taking his eyes off her mouth, telling her to suck harder and take him deeper, his hips moving, swaying back and forth as he fucks her mouth, her breasts bouncing slightly, her own hips moving as she feels her cunt getting wetter. He moans louder and she feels him shudder, his balls tightening in her grip, and she sucks, pumping him harder and faster, a loud groan leaving him as he starts to cum in her throat. 

He quickly pulls away and cums over her face, slapping her with his cock, spurting hot, creamy cum all over her, watching as it drips down her face and onto her tits. She continues to roll his balls in her fingers, squeezing them slightly, forcing every drop out of him as she looks up and smiles, licking the cum from her lips with the tip of her tongue. 

He smiles and bends to her, licking her chin and then moving to her mouth, kissing her deeply, sliding his tongue into her mouth and sharing his cum with her, his fingers scooping up the rest He slides his finger into her mouth beside his tongue and she sucks on it greedily. His lips leave hers and he continues to feed her, coating his fingers time and again until there is none left. 

Kissing her once more, he stands up straight and pulls her to her feet, looking at her standing before him, legs parted, slight traces of cum still on her face, her heels making her taller, the crotch of her thong dark with her juices. 

He takes her hand and leads her to the sofa, gently pulling her down. He tells her to sit on the edge and lean back, holding her hands and her head nestled between the cushions as he pushes her legs open further and buries his head in between her thighs, his mouth on the crotch of her thong. He starts to suck on the material, sucking her juices out of them, running his tongue up and down. 

She feels his tongue travelling across her clit and pushes herself up to him, moaning, as his hands travel up her thighs and hips, his fingers hooking into the waistband of her thong, pulling them down until garment sits across the tops of her thighs. He slides his hand underneath her and pulls the waistband out, his finger purposely sliding across her arsehole. She moans and wriggles on his finger, but he does not enter her, not yet. 

He pulls her thong down and over her shoes, then lifts her legs up over his shoulders, opening her thighs wide, exposing her to him, her cunt slick and wet, her whole pussy glistening. Her shaved lips looks so tempting. He lowers his head and runs his tongue across her cunt and up to her clit, the effect instant as she arches her back and moans deeply, her juices making her wetter as he laps at her and nibbles on her clit. 

He pulls back and opens her legs as wide as he can, murmuring under his breath as he looks up at her and tells her he cannot resist it any longer, he simply has to lick her arse. 

She moans deeply and a long "Yessssssssssssssss" leaves her lips. He lowers himself once more and runs his tongue across her arsehole, feeling it tighten and relax again as the feel of it surprises her and then she realises what it is. 

His tongue probes her arse, working across it and she relaxes it until he is able to slide his tongue all the way in. She moans as she feels him and her cunt juices slide down to his mouth and he moans as he tastes them. He pulls out of her arse and runs his tongue up her cunt once more, lapping up her juices and working his way up to her clit again, taking it briefly into his mouth and sucking it, feeling it harden in his mouth. She moans and pushes up towards him and, unable to resist for any longer, he sits up and looks at her.

"I have got to have that wet cunt of yours," he says. She looks at him and smiles. 

He shuffles towards her, his cock standing out straight in front of him as he watches her, sliding himself straight into her, filling her cunt as a loud moan of relief leaves her as she feels him entering her. Her arms go up behind her head and she pushes onto him as he pulls her onto him, pumping her cunt hard, her legs wrapping around him, moaning in time with him, his cock sliding in and out of her cunt, long with deep strokes as he tells her how wet she is, how good she feels and how much she loves her cunt being fucked by him, telling him to fuck her hard, to cum deep in her cunt, to fill her. 

He moans and plunges deep into her again and again, his hands coming up and pulling on her nipples gently, her back arching to him, moaning deeply. He feels his balls harden as he plunges deeply into her, moaning and telling her that he is going to cum. She encourages him, telling him to fuck her, to cum, to fill her cunt up. 

With one final lunge he cums inside her, filling her and then pulling out, to cum all over her cunt, leaving flecks of white cum over her glistening wet cunt and shaven pussy lips. He watches his cum ooze out of her, taking it on his finger and wiping it across her, covering her in it, then going back for more, lifting his finger to his mouth and sucking her juices and her cum off it as she watches him smiling.

He smiles back at her and pulls her upright, kissing her so that she can taste herself on him. He then pulls away and sits next to her on the couch, pulling her into him, cuddling her to him, kissing her neck as they talk. 

She turns to him and kisses him once more, pulling away and moving down his body until she reaches his semi-hard cock, sliding it into her mouth again, pumping him slowly, feeling him get hard again as he puts his head back and moans, her hot wetness around him, his hips moving slightly as he rises to meet her lips, pumping his cock in and out of her. He looks down at her and tells her to turn around and get on her hands and knees. 

She moans in anticipation and gets up on all fours, opening her legs and exposing her wet cunt to him. He moves in behind her and kisses her arse, then aligns his cock with her cunt, sliding into her, her wet cunt tightening around him. She spreads her legs more and lowers her shoulders, making the angle perfect. He slides into her, moaning with every stroke, his cock getting covered in her juices as she pushes back against him, moaning at the feel of him sliding deep into her cunt, her fingers trying to grip the carpet, pushing against him, begging him to fuck her, encouraging him and telling him how good he feels sliding into her. 

Every nerve ending feels him as he shortens his strokes, keeping them deep, her moans getting deeper as she pushes back, his hands gently slapping her arse, not hard enough to hurt, but enough to leave red marks on her cheeks. 

He moves one hand up to her hair, pulling her back onto him, his moans getting louder and his strokes getting harder, pushing against her, her knees digging into the carpet, almost forced her onto her face. With one final thrust he cums and as she feels him fill her, a gasp leaves her as she feels his hot cum coating her cunt, dripping out of her and down her thighs as he collapses onto her. 

He kisses the back of her neck and wraps his arms around her once more. She feels his breath down her back, warm and damp as they lie together and get their breath back, talking quietly as he asks her if it was good and she giggles in reply.

She stands and takes his hand, leading him to the bed. They slide between the sheets and she snuggles up against him as he falls asleep. She watches him, listening to his breathing becoming deep and even, marvelling at the fact that she feels next to nothing for this man, no real passion, no love, nothing. He fucks well but that is all he does, nothing more. 

She lies awake and wonders if she will ever feel anything for him, knowing full well that she will not, but wondering how often she will see him, be able to tolerate him, knowing that the hole in her bed will not be as big when he goes as when her other lovers leave her. 

She shrugs mentally and turns onto her side, curling up as she settles to sleep, knowing that the early morning slow gentle lovemaking that she adores so much is not going to happen, another failed relationship based on sex, needing so much to feel something other than passion or lust, needing to feel loved, knowing it will not come from here, this time.

They awake the next morning and as she thought, no early morning love making happens, and she sighs and rises from bed offering him a cup of tea and breakfast, an offer he takes up readily. She cooks him breakfast and he senses a sudden discomfort between them. He eats his breakfast and packs his bag, then turning he kisses her gently and makes his excuses and leaves. She knows she will not hear from him again.