 Erin arrived at the party with her friend, Bridgette. She felt a little uncomfortable, being that she was 20 but at a party for mainly 18 year olds. It was a party for the high school rugby team, and Bridgette was still in high school. When Bridgette discovered that her old friend Erin had recently become single, she practically forced her to come. It had been a few weeks since Erin had gotten laid, and a few months since she'd seen Bridge, so she thought 'why not?'

Erin was very pretty. Short – about 5'2 – she had gorgeous blue eyes, shoulder length dirty blonde hair, a white complexion, a great ass, and average tits. She weighed about 130 pounds. She wore a very tight white T-shirt, and snug blue jeans.

She was quite horny, her pussy was tingling even before they arrived, and she knew her panties were a little moist. They got there at 9, and by 10 she was pleasantly drunk. This was her first time out in her old town since she had left for college with her ex-boyfriend. Her reputation – the one she had before engaging in a 2 year relationship – preceded her. She was known as a slut in high school. One 2-year relationship wasn't going to change that in the eyes of a bunch of horny 18 and 19 year olds. 

Soon, Erin found herself having the attention of more than a few guys, all looking to score. She grew even more turned on at the idea of having her pick of the party!

She settled on Dan, a tall, tanned man of 19. A member of the rugby team, he was in great shape, and his muscle definition was quite apparent in his T-shirt. She was very receptive when he spoke to her, and knowing her reputation, Dan gave her all the attention she wanted. The other guys in the house turned their attention to other women once it became obvious that Dan had the inside track. 

10:30 rolled around, and Dan asked her if she wanted to smoke a joint with him. She readily agreed. She followed him upstairs to a bedroom, where they could have privacy. Her eyes trailed down to his ass as he walked in front of her. His ass looked great in those jeans! That familiar tingling in her crotch intensified, and she hoped that he would make a move while they were alone (as if he truly wanted to just "smoke a joint" with her!). 

They entered the bedroom, closing the door behind them, and the two sat on the edge of the bed. They talked and laughed, passing the joint back and forth between them as they sat side by side on the edge of the bed. Erin soon found herself feeling very foggy, all of her thoughts seemed to have a blurry frame. Dan found himself hypnotized by her beautiful face, and her wonderful laugh. He stared at her blue eyes, her sexy lips, and the way her tongue hit her perfect teeth when she spoke. His cock was growing, he realized, and he knew that he should make a move soon, while he had her in the bedroom. 

He leaned forward, and he kissed her cheek. She was more than receptive, turning her face towards him, searching lips finding his. He sucked her soft upper lip into his mouth, slowly releasing it, looking into her eyes. 

Erin's pussy was buzzing with desire, even through the haze of her high. She was squirming on the bed, squeezing her thighs together as he kissed her again, sliding his tongue into her mouth. Her breathing deepened, and she felt his hand slide around her side. His mere touch sent waves of desire through her, and she sent her own tongue far into his mouth. Their lips smacked loudly as the two of them kissed with increasing urgency. 

His hand slid down her soft side to her ass, and on down her thigh over her jeans. Her arms were around his neck, and when she felt him squeeze her knee she slid her hand down his chest. Her small hand felt the bulge in his jeans, and she caressed it, breathing laboriously into his mouth as they kissed. 

Dan grew to full hardness. This was definitely a "go" sign when the woman grabs your cock – even over the clothes! He slid his own hand up the inside of her thigh and he began to rub her gently over her crotch through the denim. "Mmmmph…" she sighed into his mouth as bolts of pleasure shot up her spine from her pussy. 

Her fingers traced the outline of his hard-on through his pants as his hand slid up her shirt over her warm belly. He cupped her soft breast over her bra, squeezing it gently. He could feel her nipple harden through the thin material. Their tongues explored each other's mouths as he slipped his hand underneath her bra, feeling her naked breast for the first time. 

Erin sighed again, kissing him with more urgency as her nimble fingers slowly slid down his zipper and undid his button. 

Her small hand slid into his underwear, her fingers wrapping around his swollen manhood and pulling it out. She began to slowly stroke it, squeezing it gently as his hands continued to play with her breasts. Dan could have shot his cum into the air right there and then if he had any less control. Barely hanging on, he slid his hand back down her stomach to her jeans. He quickly undid her button and fly, still not breaking the kiss. 

Erin's legs subtly parted wider as she allowed him to slide his hand into her skimpy cotton panties. He ran his fingers through the curls of her pubic hair, he could feel her squeeze his cock tighter in anticipation. His fingertips touched hot wetness, and he knew he found her treasure. Dan slowly ran his fingers down the lips of her hot pussy, sending tingles up and down her body. 

She broke the kiss temporarily, gasping for breath before her lips were on his once more. His finger continued to tease her sensitive lips, caressing just inside them. He gently nudged her clit, and was satisfied to feel her gasp into his mouth. He ran his finger back down her slit to her entrance. He slowly dipped his digit inside, warmth engulfing it as he slipped it past the first knuckle all the way to the second. 

She moaned into his mouth, pure need and desire overtaking her. She began to subtly writhe her pussy into his hand, needing more. Her steamy cunt gripped his finger tightly, and he began to slide it in and out of her. She forgot, for a moment, that his thick cock was in her hand, the feelings in her pussy were so strong. 

When he slid his finger out of her twat, and his hand out of her panties, she felt an emptiness that cannot be described. She felt him tug at her jeans, and she released his cock, raising her ass off the bed and allowing him to slide them down her smooth, sexy legs. He pulled them right off, taking her socks with them, and dropping them on the floor. He noticed that she had such beautiful, small feet, and that her toenails had a chestnut nail polish on them. 

His lips found hers again, his hands eagerly pushing her T-shirt up her body. They broke the kiss, and she raised her arms, allowing him to take off her shirt. 

He sucked in his breath. She was so incredibly hot! And he had her down to a black bra and skimpy black panties – a sharp contrast to the creamy white skin of her body. He ripped off his own shirt and his hand slid up her smooth thighs to her crotch as his lips found hers once more. 

"Mmmph…" she moaned into his mouth as he rubbed her over thin material of her panties. Dan could clearly feel Erin's pussy lips through the cotton. He slid his hand into the side and slipped his middle finger into her sopping wet hole. She nearly sucked his tongue off, and her hand slid down her near naked body and pressed his hand through her panties, helping him rub her. Her other hand went back to stroking his rock hard cock. 

She wanted him badly. She hadn't had sex for so long, and just feeling such a hard penis sent waves of desire through her. There was nothing spectacular about it – it was average size – but it was so incredibly hard, and this man was so attractive!

Dan slowly lay her back in the bed, still sliding his digit in and out of her needy twat. He began to kiss down her neck to her freckled chest, kissing down her cleavage to the top of her bra. To her disappointment, he slid his finger out of her hole and moved his hand up her small body. Her panties slid back over her pussy as soon as his hand moved away. 

He eased her left bra strap down, slowly, until the cup came off her breast. Her light pink areolas were revealed, her nipple was fully erect. Her entire body was in tune with his every touch. He teased over it with his lips, breathing heavily. His tongue snaked out, glancing by her nipple. 

Erin gasped as tingles shot from her nipple down to her pussy. He gently sucked the tiny nub into his mouth, running his tongue back and forth across it. Dan slid his hands underneath her, fumbling for the clasp. Through the haze of alcohol and weed, she suddenly realized he was in the wrong area.

"It's on the front!" she gasped, giggling. Throughout all this, she had been stroking his member excitedly. She released his cock when he reached between her breasts and unsnapped her bra, pulling it out from underneath her and off. She was down to just a skimpy pair of black panties, and her naked breasts were heaving in anticipation.

Dan grabbed a breast in each hand, caressing them as he bent to give them a kiss. He gently kissed, licked, and nipped at each of her beautiful tits, and she found herself humping the air instinctively. 

He began to kiss his way down her smooth belly as his hand slid back down between her thighs, rubbing her pussy over her panties once again. 

"Ohhh…" she sighed when she felt his hand touch her sensitive area. He kissed her skin just above the black cotton, he could smell the strong scent of her arousal. Dan grabbed the thin elastic of her panties and tugged. Erin eagerly raised her sexy ass up off the bed and allowed this man that she just met to slide them down her legs. She pulled first one tiny foot, and then the other one out of them, and Dan threw them on the floor. 

He slid his hand down her right leg, raising it in the air. Grabbing her foot, he brought it to his mouth as he moved her over in such a way that her legs were on either side of him and her swollen, wet pussy was in full view. He kissed along the top of her pretty foot, up her ankle to her leg. He began pushing his jeans and underwear down his legs as he kissed the inside of her knee. His lips teased over the inside of her soft thigh, creeping ever closer to her wonderful treasure. 

Erin was quivering before him, legs subtly parting wider for him as his lips kissed her at the top of her leg, right beside her pussy. He kissed the lips of her cunt, tasting her. 

"Ohhhh…" she gasped as pleasure fired up her spine. His tongue snaked out and he slowly licked from the bottom of her slit, up to the top, teasing over her clit briefly. 

Erin moaned again, her toes caressing the side of his body. 

Dan eased his tongue into her pussy, diving as far as it would go before running it back out along the roof. His tongue gathered her nectar, pleasuring her at the same time. Meanwhile, he had managed to kick off his pants and underwear, becoming completely naked. 

He slid his strong hands underneath her soft ass, holding her pussy in his face as he ate her out. At the same time, Erin's small hand reached down her body and gently held the back of his head in place, encouraging him to continue. 

Squeezing her asscheeks, he slid his tongue up her slit to her clitoris, licking over it lightly. He sucked the tiny button into his mouth, holding it between his lips. Dan ran his tongue rapidly back and forth over it, a lightening bolt of excitement surged through her as she felt an orgasm approach. "Ohhhh…" she sighed, writhing her crotch in his face as she got closer and closer. 

"OHHHH FUCK!" she moaned, cumming. Her hand was holding his head violently against her pussy as she rubbed it in his face. The inner walls of her vagina were convulsing, she was having trouble breathing as pure ecstasy overtook her. 

Finally, she calmed down, and she was left lying before him, chest heaving as she gasped for breath. She released his head, and Dan kissed her pussy one last time before rising. 

Erin watched him crawl up the bed towards her, rock hard cock waving back and forth. His lips were on hers, and she could taste her own juices as she sent her tongue eagerly into his mouth. She could feel his pole resting against her pussy, and she began to grind her crotch upwards as they kissed. 

Their lips were smacking loudly, and she was breathing heavily into his mouth as rubbed herself harder against his shaft, desperately wanting him inside her. He could feel just how wet she was, the length of his penis could feel her sopping wet lips as they rubbed against each other. She slid her feet up the bed, opening herself up even wider for him, until both feet were flat on either side of his waist. He broke the kiss, raising himself up on his arms. Looking into her blue eyes, he reached down between them, grabbing his cock.

She was gasping for breath, her eyes trailing down his body until they locked on his hard organ. 

Dan slowly ran his swollen head down the pink lips of her cunt, feeling the heat that had built up there. At the hottest, wettest point, he knew he had found her entrance. He pushed forward.

The petals of Erin's hungry vagina slowly opened for the mushroom head of his penis, accepting him. He eased partway into her, the top portion of his dick completely gripped by her warm tunnel. 

"Ohhhhh…" she sighed, happily. She closed her eyes and embraced the feeling. He pulled back a little, then pushed forward once more. This time his entire cock slipped into her needy pussy. She moaned again, head arching back, eyebrows raised as this new penis entered her all the way. 

Erin put her arms around his neck and pulled herself up to him, her lips finding his as he kept himself inside her. She kissed him passionately as he began to slide his pole in and out of her. "Mmmmph…" she moaned as they kissed, his long member sliding in and out of her needy cunt. Pleasure flowed up her body, directly from her crotch, and she wrapped her legs around him, holding him close. 

He began to fuck her a little harder, and her small feet began to bounce off his ass as his dick shot into her over and over. 

Her heart was pounding, she could feel the excitement throughout her body, even through the haze of the pot. She broke the kiss, unable to contain her cries any longer. "Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh!" she could feel her orgasm on the rise again. His rod felt so amazing sliding in and out of her pussy like that. He pistoned in and out of her even faster, sensing that she was well on her way. 

Erin let out a long, high pitched cry, cumming. The inner walls of her cunt began to squeeze and release his driving cock, so intense was her orgasm. She tried desperately to breathe, to regain control as Dan continued to jack hammer into her needy pussy. Finally, the intensity of the orgasm subsided, though the wonderful feeling continued.

Dan was losing it, however. This woman was so beautiful, incredible in bed, and she moved so well he couldn't take much more of it. He slammed in and out of her as hard as he possibly could, well on his way. "Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh!" she moaned, loving every second of his long pole ramming into her with abandon. 

He pulled his rock hard penis out of Erin's vagina, gripping it tightly in his hand. He moaned, cock spasming. A thick, long stream of cum fired out the end of his dick, splattering across her belly. 

She moaned, feeling the warm fluid land on her. Her legs were spread wide around him as his penis jerked again, shooting another long steam of cum across the creamy white skin of her stomach. His next shot died down a little, trickling out, and onto the triangle of her bush. 

Erin was gasping for breath as Dan held his softening cock above her, squeezing what was left of his cum out of it and resting it on her mound. He kissed her softly as they both recovered. 

Finally, after minimal conversation, he stood up, getting dressed. Erin didn't mind that he left the room; she needed to collect herself.

*Pretty regular beginning to this three part set, but she EARNS the title to these stories in the next two parts! I just needed a believable lead in to the rest of her night. Stay tuned... X-Factor*