 Over the Memorial day holiday weekend my wife's sister Kim came up for a visit. She used to live a few miles from us but now she's almost a thousand miles away from us.

It brought back many memories of Kim and I. It all started innocently enough right after Sue and I got married.

We were at a cookout at Kim's place and she was seated directly to my left side. We were having a conversation about music whenever I realized that Kim wasn't wearing a bra and with her loose fitting top I could look right at her small perky tits. She was smaller than Sue, probably A cup tits but her nipples and areoleas were amazing.

She had to know that she was putting on a show because once I realized I could see her tits I never looked up at her face. She never moved or did anything to cover up her tits so I really enjoyed the show.

A couple of years later we had a very severe storm come through and we had high winds, hail and heavy rain. No sooner did the storm pass our phone rang.

"Sue, it's Kim. I think I lost part of my roof in the storm," Kim screamed over the phone.

"Are you okay?" Sue asked.

"Yeah but I'm scared."

"Okay. I'll send Ed over to make sure everything's okay."

Sue told me to go over to Kim's place and check out the roof. She wasn't feeling well so she asked if I'd go alone.

"Okay. I'll be back as soon as I can," I explained.

I drove the five miles to Kim's development and there was debris everywhere. There were tree limbs and trash cans all over the place and I realized that they got nailed by the storm. I pulled into Kim's driveway and she ran out and met me at my truck.

"It's over here," she explained.

I saw some missing shingles and grabbed my ladder from the back of my truck. I climbed up and could see that she was missing several shingles.

"Kim do you have any shingles in the garage?" I asked.

"I think so," she replied.

The two of us went into the garage and I found some shingles and asked Kim if she was afraid of heights.

"No heights don't bother me. Why'd you ask?"

"I could use some help on the roof if you don't mind," I explained.

Kim climbed up the ladder before me and was waiting for me whenever I brought up the nails and shingles.

"Can you hold onto the shingles as I nail them into place?" I asked.

"Sure."

Kim bent over and her loose fitting top let me have a nice view of her small perky tits. I had to concentrate so I wouldn't hurt myself because I couldn't keep my eyes off her tits. I replaced about a dozen shingles and we ran out pretty quickly.

"We need more shingles," I explained.

We climbed down the ladder and went into the garage.

"I noticed you were checking out my tits. Would you like to get a better look?" Kim asked.

I didn't reply but Kim stood up and pulled her tank top off releasing her perky 34As. I leaned over and gave a nipple a kiss. Then I was all over her tits sucking on her nipples and squeezing and fondling her tits. Kim pulled my head closer to her and I started to pull her shorts off whenever she stopped me.

"No! Not now. It's that time of the month. Don't worry I'll take care of your growing problem."

Kim pulled my sweat pants down and kissed my erect cock through my shorts.

"You can't fuck me but I'll swallow your load," she explained as she pulled my shorts to my ankles.

"Oh yeah!" I cried out. "Suck it babe."

Kim kissed the entire length of my cock then she took me in her mouth and gave me the best blowjob I've ever had. Kim's lips are perfect for giving head and she really was really an expert in the art of giving blowjobs.

"Oh baby! Keep it up. Oh fuck! I'm gonna cum!" I screamed as I exploded in her mouth filling her with my warm stick seed.

She continued sucking until my cock started to go limp then she stood up and put her top back on.

"Okay, back to work. The roof isn't gonna fix itself," she explained.

We climbed back up and finished replacing the shingles. Kim made certain that her tits were exposed while we worked.

"Thanks for fixing my roof," she said as I got into my truck.

"No thank you. That was awesome," I replied.

I drove off and couldn't stop thinking about Kim, her tits and her expert tongue and mouth.

_________________________________________________

A couple of years later Kim was going through a nasty divorce. She had moved away and Sue invited Kim for Christmas so she wouldn't be alone. Kim flew into town and we picked her up at the airport.

"How was your flight?" Sue asked.

"Pretty rough. Lots of turbulence," she replied.

We got back to our place and we had an enjoyable dinner. After dinner we went into the family room to watch a movie. We decided on a comedy and the three of us laughed the entire time. After the movie Kim asked if we wanted to watch another movie.

"If you guys want you can. I'm tired and I'm going to bed," Sue explained.

"I'm up for another movie," I replied. "Pick something out. I need to go pee."

I came back downstairs and Kim had a sheepish grin.

"I think you'll like what I picked," Kim said.

She hit play on the DVD player and right away I realized that she picked out a porno flick from my porno stash.

I was seated on a lounge chair and Kim was on the couch. I looked over at Kim once during the movie and noticed that her nipples were sticking out like fog lights at night.

"Ed my legs hurt. Can you be a dear and give me a massage?"

"Sure," I replied. "Lay on your stomach."

Kim got on her stomach and I got between her legs and started to massage her legs. I was rubbing her legs and slowly made my way up her inner thighs. I could hear her breathing change and I caught a wisp of her musky scent a my hand 'accidentally' rubbed against her crotch.

"I need to pull your sweat pants off. I can't really feel your legs as I massage them," I explained.

I reached up to her waist and grabbed her pants and pulled them down. I quickly realized that I also had her panties in my grasp and decided to go for it. She was either gonna get pissed off or let me see her nice tight ass. I pulled her sweat pants and cotton panties down to her ankles and she didn't object at all. I knew I was getting laid tonight.

I was in awe of her sweet tight ass and I massaged her legs then I spread them apart. I teased her by coming close to her pussy but never quite touching it. 

"The front of my legs hurt as well," Kim said as she rolled over and I saw that she was clean shaven. 

Her pussy lips were swollen and I could smell her musky scent as I massaged my way from her ankles up to her hips. I ignored her inner thighs and I knew Kim was anticipating me touching her cunt.

I spread her legs apart and in one quick move buried my head between her legs. I had her lips spread apart and my tongue was licking her clit like a popsicle. Kim started moaning and I put the fingers from my right hand in her mouth to keep her quiet. I didn't need her moaning to wake up her sister.

Kim pulled my head closer to her and she wrapped her legs around my head. She was sucking on my fingers and I took my left hand and pulled her t-shirt up and fondled her tits.

"Mmmmmm. Oh yes!" she moaned as I brought her to a massive orgasm. "Oh fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck! Thank you. That was great."

I stood up and Kim pulled my pajama bottoms off and kissed the head of my cock.

"I wanna fuck you," she cooed. "Get on your back," she commanded.

I got on my back and Kim climbed on top of me and guided my erect cock into her wet waiting snatch. She rode me like a bucking bronco and I kissed her tits as we fucked on the couch.

"Get off. I wanna fuck you from behind," I stated.

Kim got off and bent over and I entered her from behind and we fucked doggy style. We were fucking watching the porno movie and I tensed up and blew my load deep inside of Kim's pussy just as Ron Jeremy came on some starlet's tits. We collapsed on the couch and watch the rest of the movie.

"Was it worth the wait?" Kim asked.

"Fuck yeah!"

We got dressed and went to bed. I climbed into bed next to Sue and realized that she was naked in bed.

"I hope you still have something left after fucking Kimmy," she whispered to me.

"What?" I asked.

"I know what you two did. I told Kimmy to fuck you. Get over here and let me suck your cock," she commanded.

I straddled Sue and lowered my cock into her mouth.

"Fuck my mouth you bad bad boy."

I needed no coaxing and soon was fucking my wife's mouth like it was her pussy. My balls were slapping her chin and I tensed up and moaned as I filled Sue's mouth with another load of jizz.

"Lick my pussy bad boy," she commanded.

I got between her legs and brought her to climax in under five minutes. I collapsed on the bed and Sue rolled on top of me and we fell fast asleep. It was an amazing night. I finally got to fuck my wife's horny sister and was able to do it with her blessing.

The rest of the holiday weekend was a blur of fucking and sucking...between Kim, Sue and I. But those stories are for another time.