 Maria was probably about as nervous as any other girl heading off to college this fall. But, unlike most other people, she had her lifelong best friend Julia with her. They were about to live together permanently, something they hadn't done before. Maria's parents had found them a relatively spacious apartment not too far away from Waterford College where they would both be majoring in athletic training. What's more, they were even willing to pay the rent until the girls could find a way to support themselves.

This morning, they had said their final goodbyes to their families, loaded their bags into the back of Maria's car, and started the twenty-hour long drive.

"You know," Julia said as soon as they'd pulled onto the highway. "I'm really gonna miss our fun with the football guys."

"We haven't even left the city yet and you're already thinking about sex," Maria laughed. "You're such a slut, Julia!"

"Hey," she snapped back. "Don't tell me you won't be thinking about them too!"

Julia was actually right - Maria would miss their locker-room fun.The two of them had a long-running deal with the football team. For every game they won, Julia and Maria would offer their bodies for them to share as a reward. They whole deal would usually turn into a big gangbang, and the locker room showers came in handy when it was time to wash off all the cum they couldn't manage to lick off each other - and with a minimum of about five loads each, that would be quite a bit.

"We should try to get something like that going in college too," Maria suggested.

"Hell yeah, we should!"

"So how should we do it? I mean, it wouldn't have worked at home if you hadn't been fucking the quarterback."

"Well," Julia giggled. "I guess I'll have to fuck the quarterback at Waterford too."

"Or how about leaving him to me this time," Maria joked.

"You think he's an ass or boobs guy?"

Julia's question was obviously hinting at their vastly different looks. Maria herself was Asian, while Julia looked stereotypically caucasian. Maria had long, black hair - almost always tied up into a neat ponytail high atop her head - and Julia's was slightly shorter and blonde. Maria had a small but tight ass, but Julia's was an entire story of its own. It was thick, perky, and quite frankly the sexiest backside she had seen in her entire life. 

To even things out, Maria had unusually big boobs for an asian girl; 32D was her usual bra size. She was adopted, and didn't have any asian family to compare herself to, but had never in her life seen an asian woman in public with a natural rack of her proportions. Maria hadn't been old when she learned how unique her body was. Fortunately, she'd been keeping her body in top shape ever since getting on the school Track and Field-team in middle school, so losing her virginity certainly hadn't been a struggle. The boys had practically been lining up to get a look under her shirt. 

As she came to think of how her second real boyfriend - who had been a couple of years older than her, and thus a bit more experienced in bed - always insisted on cumming on her boobs, while still loving to fuck her from behind, Maria got an idea. She knew the perfect way to find out who the quarterback would like the most.

"There's only one way to find out," Maria smirked. "Let's see who can seduce him first. You game?"

"Fuck yeah!" Julia responded before turning to face Maria. "You call me slutty, then want us to see who can fuck a guy first - sounds to me like your the slut in this relationship"

Maria laughed - knowing Julia was probably right - but didn't bother answering. Instead, she turned up the radio and focused on the many hours of driving still ahead of them.

**************

A couple of hours after leaving their home state of California for the last time in a while, and continuing to drive further into Arizona, Julia caught Maria's attention. She'd been caught up with her phone for the past hour.

"Found him," she said. "His name's Mike."

"The quarterback?" Maria asked.

"Uh-huh. The starting one, as well. Don't think he'll be too hard to find, either."

"Why not?"

"He's six foot four, for starters," Julia laughed, still staring at her phone. "And he's hot as fuck!"

"You might as well give up right now," Maria teased. "You're like a foot shorter than him. He'll never even notice you're there."

"I won't have to bend down as far for the blowjob," Julia countered. "He'll be looking straight down at my boobs if I wear the slightest bit of cleavage, too."

"What boobs?" Maria giggled.

"These!"

Julia cupped her boobs and gave them a shake to demonstrate. She sounded a little irritated, but in a kind of playful way. They both knew Maria was right, though. Julia didn't have much tits to speak of. Maria guessed she was about a B cup. Not that there was anything wrong with that - Julia knew how to make it work with the occasional push-up bra and the right tops - but if you were a tits guy like Maria hoped, she had a lot more to offer herself.

**************

Maria's first impression of Waterford College was amazing. It was everything she'd hoped it would be, and then some. Partying the entire weekends, hot guys around every corner - she wasn't really in it for the studying, more for the social life. After just a month, she'd already brought home a number of guys to their apartment on her own, and a couple more to share with Julia. 

Neither of them had forgotten about their little competition for the quarterback. Maria was planning to catch him on his way from the stadium this evening, since the team was practically living there in preparation for the first home game of the season coming up next week. According to her phone, it would start pouring down with rain right after the team's practice had finished - a perfect opportunity for Maria to seduce him.

As far as she knew, Julia hadn't made her move yet. She had one major advantage - Maria was fairly sure some other guy from the football team had spent the night with Julia already. But that wouldn't matter now. Maria knew he'd be falling head over heels for her own personality - and curves.

To make it in time, Maria had to leave just as she and Julia had finished eating dinner. She ate in just a couple of minutes - faster than she had ever done before - before hurrying to put her shoes on and heading out to the car.

"Where are you going?" Julia asked as she was just about to walk out the door.

"To the stadium," Maria said, winking back at her. "See ya!"

"Still think he's an ass guy," Julia shouted as Maria pushed the call button on the elevator.

Part of Maria's plan was pretending not to be prepared for the bad weather, and she'd made sure to dress accordingly. She was wearing her favorite t-shirt - a tight, dark green V-neck - that showed almost everything her body had to offer. It fit tight around her perfectly flat stomach, making it obvious how her boobs stuck out, and the v-shaped neckline provided just enough cleavage. Since Mike was a bit taller than her, he would have a perfect view right down at her dark gray bra. 

Naturally, her pants were tight as well. She had picked a pair of white wash jeans that would show off her ass. Her shoes, a simple pair of Converse, would definitely not be able to stand the weather either. Luckily, Mike would come to the rescue - at least that's what Maria hoped.

It started raining about halfway through the ten-minute drive from their apartment to the campus stadium. The moment Maria parked her car, it really started pouring down. The only makeup she needed to wear on a day-to-day basis was mascara and she'd made sure to pick a waterproof one this morning when she did her makeup. Her face didn't need anything more to look pretty.

As she stepped outside, she made sure to leave her purse behind. After making sure her phone was switched off, she packed it down there as well. If Maria wanted to win this, Mike would have to let her borrow his phone. She prayed he'd deem her hot enough to do her a favor or two.

After a couple of minutes, when Maria had just about gotten completely drenched, she saw someone hurrying out from the stadium. He looked to be about as tall as she'd read Mike was, so she hoped for the best and started running over toward him. Her feet became wetter and wetter the further she ran thanks to the numerous puddles in her way.

"Excuse me!"

Maria kept running until she was standing right in front of the man, who fortunately turned out to be Mike himself.

"Hi, sorry," she excused herself. "Um, this is really embarrassing, but I've kinda locked myself out of my car."

"Oh, no!"

She was at least getting some sympathy already. And if she wasn't mistaken, Mike was having a hard time keeping his eyes off her chest. Maria stuck it forward a little bit to hopefully give him an even better view.

"Right," she continued. "My roommate's got an extra pair and I think she's free tonight, so she could probably help me out. Problem is, my phone is in my purse, which I left in the car... meaning I, like, can't get hold of her."

"You know what?" Mike said. "You could just borrow mine. What's her name? I might have her number already."

Success. So far, everything was going exactly according to plan.

"I don't think you know her. In fact, I don't think you know me either. I'm Maria."

Mike took her hand and gave it a firm shake. 

"Mike," he said with a smile, before turning his head down to look at her body. "God, look at you! You're absolutely soaked. Let's go over to my car, so you won't have to keep standing out in the rain."

"Thank you so much, seriously," Maria said.

"No worries. The stadium's kinda like my second home so I'm just glad help out."

By this point, they'd reached the car. Mike got into the driver's seat and Maria sat down on the passenger's side.

"Second home?" she asked, faking a surprised look. "You must be spending a lot of time here, then."

She'd figured long ago there'd be some acting required if she wanted things to work out. So far, things were going good.

"That's right. I'm the quarterback for the football team, y'know."

"Oh, I had no idea. I've only been here for like a month so we haven't had the chance to catch any games yet."

"Well, first game of the season is next Saturday, so I don't blame you," he said before handing Maria his phone. "Here you go."

"Thanks," she replied, smiling at him.

This was another important part of Maria's plan. She dialed her own number instead of Julia's, and pretended to be surprised when nobody picked up. She tried calling again to see if she'd pick up this time - but of course, her phone was still turned off in locked inside her car.

"She's not picking up," Maria sighed after trying a couple of times. "She's probably at the gym working out."

"How long do you think she'll be?" Mike asked.

"Three hours minimum. She's a workout freak."

"And I assume your apartment keys are in the car as well?"

"Uh-huh."

"You can't just stand around here waiting for three hours," he said after a loud sigh. "Alright. You seem like a nice girl, so how about this; we'll drive over to my place, and you can dry up there and hang out until your roommate can get you the keys. Sound good?"

"Sounds perfect," Maria said with a big smile and reached over the gearbox to give Mike a hug. "Thank you so, so much. Seriously!"

"No worries. Let's go."

Maria couldn't help but smile to herself. She'd managed to set everything up in her favor - Mike had even called her a 'nice girl', whatever that meant. Now, it was time for full-on seduction mode.

*****************

Mike lived about twenty minutes away. Maria made sure to keep them talking for the entire drive, and hopefully make herself come off as hot but classy. She didn't want him to think she was a slut just yet - quite the opposite, so he'd be more surprised when he hopefully ended up fucking her later tonight.

"That's my place up there," Mike eventually said, pointing toward the middle of an apartment building that looked to be a little more extravagant than your typical college housing.

"Don't forget your keys," Maria joked as they stepped out of his car.

"Right," he laughed and double-checked they were in his pocket.

Maria followed him to the elevator, and up to the fifth floor. Mike's apartment was right in front of the elevator.

"Make yourself at home," he said as he unlocked the door and turned the lights on.

Just like it had seemed from the outside, it was a bit nicer than the dorm rooms Maria had gotten to see by going to parties and hooking up with people living on campus. Right behind the front door was a combined kitchen, living room and dining room. The walls were all painted white, making the darker furniture stand out. 

Mike hung his wet jacket over a dining table chair and motioned for them to sit down in the sofa. It was dark gray, and faced the wall next to the front door where a TV was mounted. He reached for the remote and turned it on before looking over at Maria.

"God," he exclaimed. "You're absolutely soaked! Hang on a second."

He got up and hurried away further into the apartment, leaving Maria alone for just a few moments. Thinking back to the plan she'd drawn up on how to seduce Mike, it was about time she took some clothes off. She pulled her t-shirt over her head and hung over over the chair next to where Mike had left his jacket.

She quickly removed the hair tie keeping her signature ponytail in place and wrapped it around her wrist before untying her Converse, setting them down by the door. Mike came back into the room just as she'd finished.

"I got you a blanket and a..." he started, but stopped himself as he noticed Maria.

She was standing right in front of him with her arms crossed, giving her already big boobs an extra lift upward.

"...and a blanket," he said with a smile, as if he'd started realizing where she wanted to take things tonight.

Maria took them both out of his hands and decided to give him a thank you-hug.

"That's so sweet of you!"

She made sure to push her boobs a little extra against her chest. Even though her bra was still in the way, it would give him a first taste of what he was hopefully about to spend the night with.

"I'm super sweaty from our practice, so I've gotta grab a shower real quick," he told her. "Just make yourself at home. The TV's already on and there's stuff to eat in the fridge if you get hungry."

"Sure thing," she replied before heading back to the sofa.

Mike once again disappeared walked off further into the apartment, so Maria started flicking through the TV channels looking for something fun to watch. She eventually settled on one of her favorite sitcoms. After wrapping herself in the blanket Mike had brought her, she started drying her hair and body with his towel.

Right as the TV show started wrapping up, Maria heard footsteps coming from behind her. She turned around to see Mike walking toward the sofa wearing a pair of shorts and an LA Lakers t-shirt.

"Hey," he said and took a seat right next to her.

"You a basketball player too?" Maria joked, in reference to his t-shirt.

"Definitely not. I tried out in high school but the coach didn't like me for some reason."

A short moment of silence went by before Mike spoke again.

"So you're new here, right?"

"Uh-huh," she replied and turned her upper body toward him.

"Has someone ever told you you really don't look like a Maria?" he asked with an intrigued smile across his face.

"I get it all the time. You wanna hear the story?"

"Sure, man!"

"So my biological parents are from China - as you can probably tell - but I was adopted at, like, two years old or something. My US mom is from Spain, so she wanted my name to be something Spanish, and what's more Spanish than Maria, right?"

"But what about your last name?" Mike asked. "You've got an American last name, right?"

"Well, my dad told me he wanted me to have the family name - which is Jennings. But mom apparently wanted me to have something that always reminded me of my roots, so she made me keep my Chinese surname."

"Which is...?"

"Chen. So I'm Maria Chen."

"Maria Chen..." Mike mumbled, as if he was thinking hard about something. "You know what? I think a friend of mine told me about you - Josh Shull, if that rings any bells?"

"Josh Shull, huh?" Maria started thinking about all the people she'd introduced herself to so far. "Can't say it does, sorry."

"He said you made him company home after a party at your place," Mike confessed. "He's a bit of a talker though, so I don't know how much of that is actually true."

"Oh, right," she replied and felt herself blushing slightly. "Looks like I've gotten myself a reputation already..."

Sure, Maria had probably slept with a dozen or so guys since coming here, but she hadn't really taken them talking about it into account. If he'd bragged to his friends about it, who else had? She decided to take it as a compliment and hoped people wouldn't start looking down on her just because she liked getting fucked more than your average Jane.

"Not that kind of reputation. He said you were awesome, actually."

That was certainly a relief. Maria felt a wide smile spreading across her face - this was the kind of reputation she was after. She wanted to be a kind of dream-come-true fuck; people would be out of their minds after a night with her.

"He actually got me a little curious 'cause I didn't know who you were. You know, stupid as it sounds, us football guys tend to just hang out with the cheerleaders. What sucks is that we end up missing out on every other girl on campus, y'know?"

Maria started to see her opportunity presenting itself on a silver plate. Mike had started talking about being curious about her - this was her time to strike.

"Well, we wouldn't want you missing out on anything, would we?" she said, pulling her legs up in the sofa and slowly crawling toward him.

"Definitely not," Mike responded.

Before she got a chance to continue teasing him, he reached up and placed a hand on her right boob. She looked at him and smiled knowing they were both in for a fun night.

Mike was the one to make the first real move. He cupped her face with his free hand, pulled her closer and they started making out. Maria threw her long, black hair over one shoulder to keep it out of the way as they kissed.

Mike eventually let go of Maria's face, leaving her free to turn her attention to his crotch. She crawled down to the floor and sat down on her knees between Mike's legs. He was wearing some kind of pajama shorts, which she could easily pull to the floor in one swift motion. To Maria's surprise, he wasn't wearing any boxers underneath them. Instead, his long, hardening dick sprung up into the air.

"I swear, there's something with you football guys having big dicks," she giggled as she started to stroke his cock. "Never met anyone with one shorter than seven inches."

Mike did nothing but confirm this suspicion - if her eyes weren't lying to her, his was probably somewhere between eight and nine inches long. She was in for a real treat.

"Then you'll handle me no problem," Mike said. "I've met girls who could barely fit me inside their pussy."

Before he'd even finished speaking, Maria started kissing his dick. She planted wet and sloppy kisses all over it - from the base to the tip. She didn't wrap her lips around it until she'd gotten all of it at least a little wet. Maria loved giving super-fast head, and started bobbing up and down his cock right away.

"Shit," Mike panted. "I'm starting to see why Josh was bragging about you!"

Maria quickly pulled her head up, and let Mike's cock pop out of her mouth. She looked him in the eyes before answering:
