 Driving aimlessly through Tennessee, wandering from historical site to tourist attraction, trying to lose myself in the utter enjoyment of driving this vintage Vette and the warm summer air, I spotted yet another tourist attraction, this one with a restroom, so I pulled in. Way back in the corner stood the box, with plenty of parking around it, I shut the rumbling beastie off with a gentle pat.

"I'll be right back, pet, and we'll be off and running again." I crooned to it as I climbed out. I stretched as I strutted to the box, feeling an almost knot pop between my shoulders. I felt the rising heat from the asphalt climbing up my legs, as I opened the door. I could feel my heels sinking into the softening surface. "Crap. I hope none of this gooey shit sticks to these friggin shoes." I said closing the door behind me.

I shifted my thong and copped a squat, letting my bladder empty with a sigh. I heard a vehicle pull in near the box, country music pouring through the door crack, heard a door squeal open, something heavy tossed in the metal can outside the door. I wiped, stood, rearranged the micro skirt, retied the rawhide laces at my hip and had a hand on the door, when it opened, making me stumble into a solid form that caught me quickly and easily.

"Easy now, I've got you." Deep rumble, honeyed whiskey voice, made me look up. A strong face, sunglasses hiding his eyes, a scruffy but neat goatee camouflaging a full bottom lip curved in an easy smile. "Prettiest thing I've ever seen coming outta one of the boxes."

"Thank you!" I grinned, resting my hand on his chest as my feet found themselves again. "For the save and the sweetness."

"Your Vette?" he asked, leaving his hand on my hip. Hmmm, should I? Maybe. I let him leave it there, smiled flirtily into his mirrored shades.

"For a while, it is. Like what you see?" I swayed forward, rubbing against him, feeling his bulge. His smile turned to a surprised grin, with a return grind, making me instantly wet.

"Very much so. Got a couple of my own, you might like to take a peek at. If you have time, that is." I could feel his growing hard on against my lower belly, his roughened fingertips at the hem of the micro skirt, at the crease of my asscheek. 

"I can find time. Shall we?" He'd dipped a fingertip into my wetness before letting me go.

"It's not far. Follow me." I watched his ass as he sauntered back to his truck. I slithered into the driver's seat, giving him a flash of panty as I did, watching him lick his lips. I started my beastie, feeling the rumbling in my wet quim, feeling my juices wet the seat. I pulled in behind his truck, following him down the two lane to a stop sign, took the right with him, pulled down a gravel road that led to a decent sized farm house with a couple of huge barns behind. 

He parked in front of the biggest and climbed easily from his truck. I parked beside him, let him help me from the Vette into him arms. His huge hands cupped my ass, pulling my loins tight against his hard cock. I slid a hand up over his chest, into his thick, dirty blonde hair, tugging his mouth to mine. He spun us around, pushing me tight against the fender of his truck as he ground into me, as he slipped two fingers inside my hole, making me groan into his mouth. I felt him smile against my lips, felt him gain control over his lust, felt him rest his forehead on mine.

"Let me show you." His hands stilled, but didn't let go. There was an intense heat between us that I wanted to fan hotter. He led me to the barn door, opened it and brought me into the dim, air conditioned barn. He flipped on a few lights, highlighting his prizes. At the moment, I didn't care for any of the vintage muscle cars, but I looked for one to pose against, for him to take me on. Neither of us said anything as we wandered among them. I stood beside a 71 Cutlass 442, trailing my fingertips lightly over its perfect sky blue paint. His fingers slid between my thighs as I leaned over its hood, sliding two deep in my sopping hole. I heard him groan, heard his jeans fall to his boots with a jingle of change and keys. 

I looked over my shoulder, inviting him in, pushing back against his cock, feeling his head slide in, get wet, electrify my quim. He grabbed me at my hips, pushing deep inside me, filling me, stretching me, making me come on him the first time. I could feel his throbbing cock getting clamped on as I came, as he thrust in. I arched back, opening myself for him to fuck me.

"C'mon, handsome, fuck me. I want it hard." I purred, watching him over my shoulder. His hands slid up my back, one to my shoulder, the other to my breast, both grabbing hard, holding me hard so he could slam his cock into me. 

I felt another wave of orgasm building with every thrust, felt it hotter when his fingers slid into my cunt, sliding my lips wider, rubbing my hard clit. We found a rhythm, squirming and thrusting, growling and groaning. I could feel my juices soaking us both, making squishy noises with every thrust that turned me on even hotter.

I leaned forward, reaching my hand under where he was pounding into me, capturing his balls, cradling and massaging them, making him groan. He pulled me back up, hunching over with me when I wouldn't stop rubbing and rolling his balls. The flat crack of his palm on my ass cheek, the immediate sting, rolled the orgasm wave through me. I heard his husky chuckle as the wave crashed over me, as he thrust faster, harder into me.

My cheek was resting on the hood as he pounded his cock into me. I could see his face as he furiously pounded into me, watched his expressions change from control to bliss as I felt him pulsate inside me, felt his hips stutter, push deeper as he came, and felt him rest against my back, panting heavily.

"I want you on every one of these." He growled, sliding slowly out, still hard as an iron spike. "You're so slippery right now. Mmmm, I feel you...mmm, pulsating all over my cock..." Electric isn't enough to describe what he was doing to my puss, stroking back in, deep, rubbing my nubbin, bringing me to another crest of orgasmic wave. "The Lincoln." He growled with a gentle shove. On wobbly feet I walked over to it. "Lay on the trunk. Spread those gorgeous legs of yours." I did as he asked, feeling my heels hook onto the bumper, feeling my juices leak down onto the trunk.

"Lay back now." I watched through half lidded eyes as he bent his head to my quim. I watched as his tongue lapped at my clit, as his eyes flashed to mine when he slid his fingers inside. His mouth sucked my clit in, flicking it with his tongue, rolling it with his lips, thrusting his fingers hard into me. I wanted to squirm madly as his mouth, his lips, his goatee worked with his fingers to bring me to peak again. I watched him rise over me, watched as he raised my legs over his shoulders, holding tight to my hips as he slid his cock in. Riding me like he does the horses I can smell, pistoning his hips with oh my, enough force to bang my head off the back window.

He dragged me back to the edge of the trunk, dipping my ass down just a hint, enough for his dicktip to buzz that g spot deep in there, setting off tsunami waves of multiple orgasms with every thrust. His hand grabbed my tit roughly, grinding my nipple between his fingertips, sending more ecstasy flooding through my quivering cunt. I was moaning for more, harder, growling and snarling as I rode wave after wave, cumming hard, flooding where we were joining. I could feel how slippery the trunk was becoming under me, felt how he was using it to fuck me harder. 

He'd slip in a nice hard smack to my ass when he thought I was cumming down. He was exciting me completely, almost begging for my primal animal side to take charge, or at least, attempt for dominance. He slowed, held himself rigid with his eyes closed. I watched, clamped my cunt muscles on his still rock hard cock, massaged his whole length with my spasming hole. 

His body tensed harder, his eyes flew open. I smiled saucily up at him, seeing his control faltering, took pity on him, slithered off his cock onto my wobbly legs with a laugh. I turned to see him, naked, with a huge purple cock jutting out in front of him and felt a thirst, an urge to taste myself on his cock. With gentle fingers I led him by his cock to a 58 Bonneville convertible, making him lay across the front seat. 

I stood for a few seconds admiring this stud, nice, well-muscled body, abs flat and tight, thighs that looked strong enough to fuck me on or in nearly every one of the thirty cars in here. He watched me lick my lips, watched the hunger come into my eyes as I used my nails and my lips to make a path to his cock. 

Before I took his cock between my lips, I took his balls, one then the other, hearing him groan as I sucked and pulled at them, massaging the other in my cupped palm. I kitten licked around the base of his cock, tasting our mixed cum juice, lapping along all sides of his shaft, like lapping at an ice cream cone. His fingers threaded into my thick, dark hair, caressing my skull as I kept, licking, making out with his cock. 

My tongue teased him around his swollen head rim, licking at it, sucking all around it. Meeting his eyes with mine, I took his head in my mouth, wrapping my tongue around it, slurping at it like my favorite lollipop, watching him hold onto that little bit of control he had left, watching him as I slid it deeper into my mouth, as I sucked avariciously, loving that feeling of cock filling my mouth, sliding down my throat. I heard his groan, felt his jerk, kept swallowing him, sucking him and wouldn't stop until he used both hands to gently pull my mouth from him. 

I knew he hadn't come completely yet, what a lucky girl I am! I knelt between his splayed legs, nestled up against his balls, watching him breathe, using my fingertips to trace faint patterns on the inside of his thighs, along the edge of his nutsack, watching his dick twitch. His eyes opened again, warily watching me now. I smiled sweetly, disarming him completely. I held his balls lightly in the palm of my hand, massaging them.

"Would you like me to continue sucking your cock?" I asked, gazing longingly at his furious purple head. I looked up to see him nod yes. "Good, but you have to eat me while I do. And you must remember to use your fingers to fuck me. I really enjoy having my clit sucked hard. If you eat me well, I'll swallow you down, make you come so hard. Will you follow these instructions?" I'd said this in my most stern mistress voice and was pleased to see him nod willingly. "I want to be comfortable when I do suck this monster. Got a van around here anywhere?"

"No, but there's a double bed in the back room." He offered up, sliding a finger along my sopping slit. 

"Show me." I climbed out, letting him stand before me, giving his throbbing cock a gentle stroke, his ass a firm spank to get him moving. I strode right behind him occasionally stroking his ass, spanking it. 

He brought me to a remodeled tack room, didn't care if it smelled of leather and horse, though it turned my heat up higher, as long as the bed was there.

"Lay down." I ordered, feeling the thrill when he obeyed, his cock standing hard and proud in front of my thirsty mouth. I climbed on the bed, positioning my clam over his mouth. I watched as he stretched up to latch onto my clit, suck into his mouth, bringing a moan to my lips as his fingers joined in. Stroking, dipping two in, wiggled them, and rolled my clit in his teeth. I was close to coming again, so I did what it took to take my mind off it, I fell on his cock. 

Groans, slurping noises heavy breathing filled the room as we devoured each other. I moaned around his head as I came, bucking on his mouth and fingers. He'd wrapped his free arm around my waist to keep my cunt attached to his sucking mouth. I rose up with a loud moan, riding him fully, grunting with every thrust of his fingers, hearing his pleased noises as he slurped and sucked me dry.

I slid back onto his cock, rhythmically bobbing on him, sucking him, lapping at the tip of his dick, tasting that bit of pre cum, savoring it on my tongue, knowing he wasn't that far off. I bobbed fast on the head of cock, feeling him thrumming beneath me, feeling him on the verge of cumming, feeling him begin to jerk and spurt. I swallowed his come as he howled his release, startling a few roosting birds near the roof. With a last lick to the tip of his wilting cock, I stood beside the bed, watching him panting, gazing at me through half closed eyes.

"Stay." He whispered, reaching a hand toward my thigh. 

"Sorry, sweet, can't, or even more honestly sug, won't. Thanks for an awesome ride." I leaned over and brushed a kiss to his forehead and walked away. Back through the museum and out into the yard to the Vette, still tasting his come in my mouth, feeling that mix of come dribbling down my thigh, I climbed in, started it up and drove on to the next adventure.