 Donna and Wendy had become best friends in college and by senior year were roommates, sharing a two-bedroom apartment. Donna was 5-foot-8, with shoulder-length blonde hair, light brown eyes, a killer figure from being a sprinter with 36C breasts. Wendy was 5-foot-5 with short black hair, sparkling blue eyes, a dynamite body as she ran long distances on the track team and 34C breasts. Donna was dating Dave, a linebacker on the football team, while Wendy was dating Jeff, a cornerback on the football team. 

They went on many double dates and often went back to the girls' apartment where the sounds of sex coming from each bedroom were loud. They never swapped partners or had group sex, the girls were content with their own man. But one night senior year in October, at Halloween, things changed. 

During dinner on one of the double-dates, the topic of sex came up and Dave commented that Donna gives the best blowjobs in the world. Jeff responded "second best, Wendy's are the greatest." 

The guys started to go back and forth in their argument when Wendy chimed in "uh guys, we're right here in front of you. It's a little embarrassing to hear you arguing about this in public."

Donna quickly nodded her head in agreement. 

"That's the problem with you two," Dave said. "You're dynamite in private, but afraid to show some skin or talk about sex in public. I'd love it if you two would slide under the table, switch partners and give us blowjobs so we could settle this argument." 

"You're crazy!" Wendy said. "Here in public?" 

"Why not?" Jeff said. "The tablecloth goes down to the ground. As long as nobody sees you slide down or sneak back up, nobody will know what happened." 

"You guys are pervs," Donna laughed. "The answer is no." 

"We just want to show off how hot you two are," Dave said. "You won't dress as sexy like we want you to and you won't fool around with us in public. It's a bit disappointing."

"Enough," Wendy said with a hint of frustration in her voice. "Can we change the topic to what costumes we're wearing to the big Halloween party tomorrow night?" 

"I thought that was settled," Jeff said. "I thought you and I were going as Snow White and Prince Phillip while Dave and Donna were going as Cinderella and Prince Charming." 

"That's right," Donna said. "and don't expect sexily dressed princesses." 

"Okay, okay," Jeff laughed. "You two win, let's just enjoy some dinner and drinks." 

Two hours later the girls complained they were tired and buzzed and just wanted to go home and rest. The guys dropped them off, kissed goodnight and left. 

Once alone, the girls started talking. 

"We should teach them a good lesson tomorrow night," Wendy said. 

"What did you have in mind?" Donna asked.

"How about we tell the guys we'll meet them at the party, then show up wearing just some masks and a sexy set of lingerie," Wendy said. "We can hold up a sign saying we're slutty lingerie models. Then we'll go up to them and grant their wish of what they wanted at dinner, I'll blow Jeff while you blow Dave. That will have turned on the rest of the room, so we'll have to blow the rest of the guys there. Then, if we're turned on enough, start fucking all of them as well." 

"You're crazy!" Donna shrieked. "But I like it. It will teach them a lesson about what happens when your girlfriends show off how sexy they are and it will give us plenty of cock."

"You're such a slut only thinking about getting cock," Wendy laughed.

"You know me, cock, pussy, I like it all," Donna purred as she licked Wendy's neck and rubbed her crotch.

"You know I like yours when I'm in the mood," Wendy said softly. "And I'm in the mood." 

She gave Donna an open-mouthed kiss and rubbed her crotch as she spoke.

The two quickly took off their clothes and went back to Wendy's bedroom where they got into a 69 laying side-by-side on the bed. Their tongues were teasing the other's pussy licking up and down to get the other wet while fingertips teased their clits. 

"You're so good," Wendy purred. "I wish I could find a way for you to give Jeff some lessons." 

"I feel the same way about you," Donna said. "Dave has a lot to learn and you'd be a great teacher." 

Their mutual moans grew louder as they started to slowly lick and finger each other to orgasm.

They fell asleep together, naked, cuddling with their heads next to each other. 

Wendy started to dream and in her dream she was visited by a ghost. 

"I'm the ghost of Halloween past," the ghostly figure said. 

"Mom? What are you doing in my dream?" Donna said to the ghost. 

The ghost said nothing, but simply pointed. 

Wendy saw a scene from a Halloween party her senior year in high school. She was 18, naked, riding one guy, blowing another, and giving two handjobs. When the guy she was blowing was ready to shoot he pulled out and aimed it on her face and breasts as she closed her eyes. While her eyes were closed he took a picture and posted it to SnapChat. One of the guys she was stroking took his place in her mouth and the same thing happened when he was done. She also didn't know someone was videoing the party as well. By the time the party was done she had blown 8 guys, was covered in cum and had taken two loads in her pussy. The next day at school, she was wondering why she was getting dirty looks from people who weren't there and getting called a slut by everyone. She had to change schools to avoid further humilation.

"Mom, I mean ghost, why are you showing me this?" she sobbed. 

The ghost stayed quiet as the scene faded into a puff of smoke and the ghost was gone. 

Wendy stirred with tears in her eyes. 

Then, a second ghost, looking like a slightly older version of herself appeared. 

"I'm the ghost of Halloween present," the apparition said. "Come with me."

She was taken to a party scene where she and Donna were in the middle of a gang-bang covered in cum. They were taking the guys 5 at a time, allowing them to fuck their pussy and ass while giving a blowjob and two handjobs. Pictures and videos of the scene were posted to the internet. At the unmasking their boyfriends saw it was them and got pissed and broke up with them on the spot in a huge scene.

"I can't believe how carried away we got," she said in shock. "Why are you showing me this?" 

With that the ghost disappeared. 

Wendy was still stirring when a third ghost appeared. This one looking like a 50-year old version of herself. "Come with me," the ghost said. "We are looking five years into the future." 

She was first taken to a doctor's office where the doctor was telling her that she couldn't have children due to the STDs and HIV she contracted five years earlier. Then she was taken to another party, this one in a lawyer's office. One of the lawyers had taken her into a private office and locked the door. He said that he had seen the pictures and videos from the past and wanted some of that action grabbing her waist, pushing his crotch into hers and licking her neck. 

She repeatedly told him no, and tried to push him away. He was bigger and stronger and refused to listen. He took off his tie and wrapped it around her mouth, using it as a gag so nobody would hear her. Then while blocking the door with a chair he undid the sash from his costume and tied her hands together so she couldn't fight back. He bent her over the desk, spread her legs, unzipped his fly, he then raised her skirt over her ass. He reached down and yanked down her panties to her thighs and then pushed his hard cock inside her. He grabbed her hips and started slamming into her hard, hurting her. 

"You like it this way, wild and crazy," he grunted as he slapped her ass a few times between strokes. Tears were flowing from her eyes and he continued to fuck her hard for another five minutes. Then he pulled her away from the desk, forced her to her knees and removed the tie from her mouth and told her to open wide. Feeling she had no choice she complied and he jammed his cock into her mouth as far as he could before shooting his load down her throat. He commanded her to lick him clean before he zipped his fly and took the sash back. She was still sobbing when he commanded her to clean herself up and return to the party and that if she said anything about what happened she would get it worse.

"Ghost? How can I change this future?" Wendy sobbed. 

The ghost said nothing before the ghost and the scene vanished into a cloud of smoke. 

Wendy woke up in a sweat, breathing hard, and tears in her eyes. 

"Are you okay?" Donna said having woken up in the same condition. 

"I think so," Wendy replied. "Are you?" 

"I think so," Donna said. "But I had the strangest dream." 

"Me too," Wendy said. 

"Were you visited by three ghosts?" Donna asked. 

Wendy could only nod. 

"Did they show you a horrible future based on a slutty experience at the party?" Donna asked. 

Wendy, now wide-eyed could only nod. 

"I think we need to change our plan," Donna said. "For starters, no fucking. Secondly, if we're going to blow a bunch of guys we need to make sure they're all wearing condoms so there's no splashes of cum on us, to use in pictures." 

Wendy nodded in agreement. 

"Then after we blow a bunch of guys we leave, come back here and get changed into our regular costumes and rejoin the party," Donna continued. "That way it will just seem like we ran late and nobody will be the wiser as to who the mystery sluts were. We could even wear wigs in our slut costumes to further conceal ourselves."

"I think that could work," Wendy said. 

"To know if we had the same dream, did your first ghost look like my mom?" Donna asked.

"No," Wendy laughed. "She looked like my mom. But in your dream did the first ghost show you getting gang-banged in high school at a Halloween party?" 

"No, she showed me what really happened in high school at the Halloween party. I blew my boyfriend letting him finish on my face. It turns out he took a picture of it that he shared with some friends, who shared it with their friends, they all claimed I blew them. I had to change schools because everyone thought I was a slut blowing their boyfriends."

They got dressed and went out to Victoria Secret to get their sexy costumes as their princess dresses were hanging in the closets. 

Donna got a red Dream Angels Embroidered Mesh Babydoll outfit that featured push-up padding and underwire to fully accentuate her breasts and cleavage while the mesh material covered the rest of her top and belly, coming down to cover just the top few inches of her thighs, leaving the black v-string panty underneath clearly visible through the material. Wendy opted for a purple Lace T-back Babydoll that has a flyaway front, so her breasts are covered but her cleavage is on full display. The strap holding it closed runs across the chest, just below the breasts. The bottom of it can fly open, showing plenty of skin, including a matching panty and the material for the babydoll ends high on the thigh.

"You look damn hot in yours," Wendy said. 

"You look good enough to eat in yours," Donna said. "But let's wait until after the party for that." 

Wendy suggested buying fishnet stockings to add appeal to the princess costumes and give the guys the hint of sexiness they wanted. Donna agreed. 

They next went to a wig shop where Donna got a wig to make her a red-head with short hair while Wendy became a blonde with hair past her shoulders. They also bought Mardi Gras-styled masks to further conceal their identities. The color of the masks matched the color of their lingerie.

Once home they realized that if they spoke their boyfriends might recognize their voices. So they each made a series of signs to hold up.

Later that night, the guys got to the party right on time and started knocking back some beers while admiring how hot some of the other girls looked sexy costumes. 

The girls arrived at the party wearing jackets over their costumes. They put their jackets on the bed where everyone else was tossing theirs and strutted out into the main room. All activity in the room stopped as everyone turned to check them out. 

Donna held up a sign that read "WE'RE MUTE LINGERIE MODELS. WE CAN'T TALK, BUT LOVE THE ATTENTION"

They walked up to their boyfriends and Wendy held up a sign, "CAN YOU HELP US SETTLE A BET?" 

What's the bet?" Jeff asked.

Donna held up a sign that read, "A BJ CONTEST FOR WHO CAN MAKE A GUY LAST LONGEST"

With that Dave and Jeff said "yes" and exchanged high-fives while smiling at each other. 

Wendy's next sign said "GOOD" and she got in front of Dave while Donna got in front of Jeff. They put their next signs face-down on the floor next to them.

They each stood with their back to the guy, rubbing their ass against their respective guy's crotch before reaching down to massage the crotches. All the while they let the guys play with their breasts. 

Once they felt hard-ons developing they reached into their respective guy's costume and started pulling on the dicks to get them harder. While giving the handjob they each leaned back and kissed their guy's neck. Then they both turned around and got on their knees, took a condom out of the bag they were holding and slid one onto each and started sucking. As more people noticed what was going on, a crowd gathered around them to watch. A few were taking pictures and videos.

Wendy took the direct approach and immediately deep-throated all of Dave's thin 8 inches. Donna too the indirect approach and licked her way up and down Jeff's thick 6-inches before twirling her tongue around the head and slowly lowering her mouth over it. Wendy kept her lips tightly wrapped around the tip of Dave's cock while she moved a hand up to stroke at the base. Donna started to tickle Jeff's balls while she dragged her teeth lightly along the length of his cock. 

Wendy started to run her tongue up and down the length of Dave's cock while cupping and rubbing his balls in her hands. 

The guys smiled at each other, shaking their heads in disbelief at their luck and high-fived again before placing their hands on each girl's head.

The girls continued to work their magic on the guys' cocks. For the next seven minutes they each licked and sucked their guy's cock and balls in every way possible. The girls paused for a minute and while stroking the guys grinned at each other before Wendy mouthed the word "now" to Donna who nodded.

With that each girl re-doubled her efforts in order to get the guys to erupt quickly. While deep-throating Dave, Wendy cupped his balls in one hand and with the other inserted a finger into his ass to massage his prostate. He grunted and said "oh god" and pushed his cock as far as he could into her mouth as his body quaked with pleasure. Less than 30 seconds later, Jeff's body rocked in complete pleasure as Donna was stroking his cock hard while her mouth and tongue were alternating between rimming him and sucking on his balls. 

As the guys panted their thank yous and removed the condoms Donna held up a sign that read "STAGE 2 OF BET" Then a second sign that read "SPEED BJs -WHO CAN BLOW THE MOST GUYS IN 12 MINUTES" Wendy held up a sign that read "RULES: 1) NO CONDOM NO BJ; 2) PUSSIES ARE OFF-LIMITS, TRY IT AND WE'RE DONE"

Throughout the room the loudest comment coming from the guys was "who has a condom?" and the loudest comment coming from the other girls was "we're leaving I'm not letting those sluts suck you" 

Donna and Wendy dumped their bag of condoms into a bowl and a few of the fraternity brothers grabbed boxes from their bedrooms and tossed them into the bowl as well. 

When it was over they had used over two dozen condoms, with Wendy having blown 12 guys and Donna 14. There were four guys that were fortunate enough to have gone through both lines and they were evenly split on who the better cocksucker was. Dave and Jeff also partook of seconds. At least 16 couples had left when girlfriends dragged their boyfriend away in disgust. 

When the contest was over Wendy and Donna held up a sign that said "FUN'S OVER, WE NEED TO LEAVE." 

They left without getting their coats. 

Back at the apartment Donna said "That was amazing, I had a blast, and why didn't you tell me that Jeff was so thick?" 

"It was lots of fun," Wendy said. "I didn't hear anybody saying they knew who it was and I don't think the guys knew it was us. By the way why didn't you tell me Dave so long?

"Maybe we should trade guys for a night," Wendy added while laughing. "I'd love to feel some meat that size in my pussy." 

"Why not?" Donna said. "I'd love to have something fleshy that thick for a change instead of settling for plastic." 

"After the party?" Wendy said.

"Definitely," Donna grinned as they both laughed.

They put on their fishnets and princess costumes. They took turns cutting a slit up the leg of each other's dress so they could show off some leg. 

When they arrived at the party they found their guys and asked where everyone was as most of the crowd had cleared out.

The guys explained about two sluts in lingerie showing up, the signs, how the sluts blew most of the guys there and many couples left in disgust.

"Did you guys partake?" Donna asked. 

"Yes," Dave said arrogantly. "But only to defend your honor. They claimed they were the world's best cock-suckers but I said my girlfriend has that title wrapped up. They insisted on trying to top you. Despite trying her best, she wasn't as good as you." 

The couples danced and drank for the final few hours of the party. When the party ended, they returned to the apartment. 

"For being such good princes we have a special treat for you," Wendy said. 

The girls went back to the bedroom and put their lingerie, wigs and masks back on. "Are your eyes still closed?!" Donna called.

"Yes," the guys shouted back.

"Keep 'em closed until we tell you to open them, no matter what you feel," Wendy called. 

"Hurry it up!" Jeff called. 

The girls went into the living room where the guys were sitting. Wendy went to Dave and sat on his lap and started licking his neck while Donna sat on Jeff's lap and did the same. 

"Open up" Wendy said. 

The guys opened their eyes and after a brief moment of horror grinned wide. 

"That was you two?" Dave said. 

"It was us," Wendy said with a smile as she took off the wig. 

"What are you doing here?" Dave asked Wendy "Aren't you supposed to be with Jeff?"

"Wendy and I each decided we wanted something different tonight," Donna said. "Are you guys game?" 

The guys looked at each other for a split second before responding "Hell yes" 

Jeff carried Donna back to her bedroom while Dave escorted Wendy to the lounge chair on the balcony. 

"Did I tell you I'm a werewolf?" Dave said. 

"No, you didn't" Wendy said.

"I am, I turn into one when I see a hot woman in sexy lingerie under the full moon," Dave said while trying not to laugh. 

Meanwhile back in the bedroom, Jeff said "I've always been hot for blondes, especially you, jealous of the noise you and Dave make. Now that I've got you, I have no idea where I want to start."

Back out on the balcony Dave had ripped off the top of his costume and dropped his pants and stood there in just a pair of boxers with his cock starting to peek out of the fly. He then went to Wendy and undid the t-strap so she was just standing there in her bra and panties. He wrapped his arms around her and plunged his tongue into her mouth as they embraced in a lustful, passionate kiss. 

In the bedroom, Donna undid the straps of her babydoll, allowing it fall to the ground. She laid back in bed in just the bra and pantie set and said with a grin "get out of that costume and come get me big boy" 

Things were really heating up on the balcony as Wendy had laid back in the outdoor chaise lounge chair and spread her legs. Dave quickly got on his knees and shoved his face between them licking the outside of the panties rapidly and pulling them aside to mash his tongue against her bare pussy.
