 By now if you've read any of my stories you know that I'm a slut. I need cocks to suck, and to fuck. 

I guess you could say I'm a nymphomaniac. I honestly couldn't tell you how many times I've been laid in my life. I really don't know.

I guess you could say that I'm like a sports car...I need constant attention and need to be 'driven hard' in order to have me reach peak performance.

My husband Ed travels for his job so he's out of town every other week so that leaves my horny sex craved cunt to look for satisfaction.

Ed and I have an understanding. He can get it when and where he wants to, and so can I.

He was going to Toronto for a business conference and would be gone for ten days. For me that's an eternity. 

The first two nights he was gone I pretty much wore out the batteries in Jose...my ten inch vibrator so I knew that I needed the real thing.

Since it was a Wednesday night the only place that I could think of to go to was a dance club the next town over from us.

I'd been there numerous times and knew that it had a rather sordid reputation. Couples where caught having sex on the dance floor and the place was raided by the local police for underage drinking and drugs.

It had just re-opened with a new owner...but it still had the same reputation. I got home from work about 4:30 and went thru my closet to try and find something supper slutty to wear.

I didn't care who fucked me, as long as he had a cock I had the cunt.

I picked out an old favorite of mine. It was a loose fitting white top with thin spaghetti straps. Naturally I'd be going bra-less because the thing I love the most about this top is if I bend over...it's titty showtime. Another nice thing about this top is that when back-lit, my tits really show up.

I found a pair of purple shorts that were loose enough that I could flash my shaved pussy as I sat at the bar if so desired.

I was all dressed up and left the house for the 15 minute drive to the club.

I was a bit disappointed when I pulled into the parking lot because there were only a half dozen cars in the lot. I was hoping that I'd find at least one good looking guy in the place.

I went inside and paid my cover. I looked around and there were more employees than patrons.

"Ah fuck!" I said to myself as I took a seat at the bar.

"What'll it be miss?" the bartender asked.

"Long Island Ice tea," I replied. "Pretty slow tonight," I exclaimed.

"Yeah...but its early," he replied. "Here you go. The first ones on the house."

"Why thank you sir."

"No, thank you. You sure liven up the place," he replied.

I sat at the bar nursing my drink when a small crowd finally started to arrive. They seemed to be together and judging by their ages I took them to be college students from the nearby state university.

As I sat at the bar a tall well dressed 'kid' came up to the bar.

"Coors lite please," he stated.

"I need to see some ID," the bartender replied.

The guy handed over his drivers license and the bartender laughed and said, "You sure don't look 23," as he gave him his beer.

"Oh hi miss. I'm Jake Anderson. Can I buy you a drink?"

"Sure why not. I'm Sue, Sue Miller."

I never give my real name at these places because I look at this as a one night stand. I consider it a real slam bam, thank you man.

Jake had the deepest blue eyes of anyone I've ever met.We sat at the bar for about an hour talking about ourselves. He was a mechanical engineering student at the local university.

"Do you wanna get a table?" he asked. "Its getting pretty crowded at the bar," he stated.

"Sure lets see if there's one empty."

We found a table just off the dance floor, and as I sat down I made certain that I leaned over just enough to give him a nice view of my 34Bs.

He was looking down my top and not paying attention and he ran into the table.

I laughed and blurted out, "Caught you looking."

"Ah...yeah. Sorry I didn't mean to stare at your breasts. I shouldn't have done that," he stated almost like he was embarrassed.

"Silly boy. Why do you think I bent over. I wanted you to see my boobs."

He just stared at me as I leaned close to him and out lips met. We were tongue kissing passionately at our table. I took his right hand and placed it between my legs.

"See no panties. I'm looking to get laid tonight. Are you up for it?"

Jake said nothing but took my left hand and placed it on the large bulge at the front of his jeans.

"I've been up for a while now. I'm ready to explode," he replied. "We need to find some privacy."

"Lets head to the bathrooms. If nothing else we can have a quickie in a stall until we find a place more comfortable," I stated.

We both got up and hurried to the bathrooms. I looked inside the ladies room and it was empty.

"Hurry up. There's nobody in here," I decreed as I took his hand and we went inside a bathroom stall.

I pulled my shorts off leaving be bare ass in front of this stranger. He quickly undid his belt and jeans and his nice circumcised cock was at full attention in his shorts. There was pre-cum stains on the shorts as he pulled them down.

"Come on Jake. Fuck me here and now. I fucking need you inside of me right now," I commanded as he clumsily penetrated my wet waiting hairless snatch.

"Oh yesss!" I screamed as he rammed away from behind. "Pull on my nipples!" I commanded as he put his hands up my top and fondled and squeezed my melons.

The only sounds you could hear in the ladies room was his naked skin slapping mine and the laughter of other women when they realized what was going on in the locked stall.

"You go girl!" one called out.

"Yeah baby!" I screamed as I approached my first orgasm of the night.

My vaginal muscles tightened their grip on his thrusting cock as I climaxed. Jake screamed seconds later and I could feel him exploding deep inside of me.

"Oh fuck. That was awesome!" he said as we both sat down on the toilet seat.

"Yes it was. I hope you're not all spent." I replied. "I wanna get out of here and do some serious fucking."

"Check please," he joked as we both dressed and left the ladies room to the applause of the group of women who heard our encounter.

"Where to?" he asked.

"I know a quiet park where we can get more closely acquainted. If you want to drive I can tell you how to get there."

"Okay. That works for me," he replied.

Jake opened the car door for me and by the time he made it to his side of the SUV I had taken off my clothing.

"How am I supposed to drive with a naked woman seated next to me?"

"You get naked then it won't matter," I replied.

He quickly stripped and I gave him directions to the county park. It was a fun drive. I had my hands on his cock and I stroked him back to life. 

"Have you ever had road head?" I asked.

"No."

"Well get ready," I stated and I buried my head in his crotch. "Yummy! Nice and salty," I stated as I licked the entire shaft of his erect 8 inches.

"Jesus! I hope I don't wreck."

"Just pull over if you want. I'd rather not crash either."

Jake pulled into a grocery store parking lot and I continued my oral magic. I took all of him in my mouth and Jake fingered my pussy and finger fucked me as I deep throated him.

"Oh fuck I'm gonna cum!" he screamed. He moaned as several warm salty ropes of cum filled my mouth. I continued to suck his cock until he was no longer hard.

"Lets go!" I cried out. My pussy wants your tongue to tease it."

We got to the county park and a rain shower had started. We decided to get into the back of his car and he put the back seat down to give us some more room. I was resting my head on the front seat as he went down on me.

He started at my toes and worked his way up to my inner thighs. I had goose bumps and chills running down my spine as he reached his goal. My swollen clit was begging for his touch.

He teased me at first, giving it a little lick then he buried his face in my snatch. I was pulled his head closer to me and i wrapped my legs around him as I reached a massive climax.

"Yessss! OH yesss!" I screamed as I climaxed.

Just then we heard a knock on the window.

"Police. Roll down the window."

We were busted. Thankfully since we were both consenting adults we were let go with only a warning. As for me and Jake...the next night I met him in his dorm room. He became one of my regular lovers until he graduated and went on to grad school.