 Caz was so happy that Sam and Rick invited Tom to the barbecue as a companion for her. She had a very nice time at the first meeting and was looking for round two.

Caz thought it was going to be fun being a teacher.

Sam had a very nice patio, enough for the 4 of them. They were drinking beer, talking and flirting, and having a good time. Sam and Rick were dying to go to bed. Rick had his hands on her huge breasts and ass, feeling her up, probably making her horny as well as himself. Caz and Tom were getting to know each other better, liking what they were hearing about each other. 

While Rick cooked the burgers Sam and Caz got the baked beans, potato salad, and dressed the buns, asking everyone what they wanted on their burgers. They were smaller(cooked better) so there were two for each. Caz, being on a diet, wanted only one, so Rick said he wanted 3. Rick was a big guy 6', 210 lbs., brown eyes and hair, well built like Sam who was 5'7" 135 lbs., blonde hair, blue eyes and at least a DD size with all brown cleavage.

Caz thought did she suntan topless?

Rick finished cooking the burgers, Sam made the plates up, Tom got more beer, and Caz set the table. They all laughed and carried on having a good time. Tom went and got more beer for everyone, some had 2nds on the potato salad and beans, and Sam brought out some special Swiss chocolate for all to enjoy.

They all helped with the clean up, Caz clearing the table, Sam loading the dishwasher, and Tom and Rick cleaning up the trash and beer bottles.

"I think we should go, said Caz, Sam and Rick want to be alone. We can go to my place and hang out."

"I saw him feeling her breasts and ass more than once," Tom said.

"Unlike me," Caz said, "She has something to feel."

"Don't sell yourself short. You're hot in your own way."

"That's nice to hear," she said.

Caz and Tom excused themselves and left the love birds to themselves, heading over to Caz's place a short walk but Tom drove to get his car closer to Caz's place. They got to her apartment and got them another beer and they sat down on the sofa. Tom leaned over and bit her ear lobe several times. He then kissed her beer breath on both of them.

Caz was aroused by the ear lobe biting and put her hand to her pussy inside her shorts and rubbed. Tom was also aroused and put his hand underneath her shirt and began to massage her breasts and nipples, feeling the nipple become aroused and erect. She pulled her shirt off baring her beautiful breasts for Tom who immediately began massaging and biting her nipples, which were now engorged and at attention.

Caz felt the large bulge that Tom had and began rubbing him with her hand. Tom continued with his breast worship, biting her nipples and putting some of the breast flesh in his mouth. Tom was worshipping her breasts and Caz was loving the attention but she was ready for the next step.

"Lesson No. 2 is going to be how to eat my pussy Tom. I'll teach you how to make me cum over and over."

Caz pulled her shorts off (no panties) and spread her legs apart exposing her pussy. Tom pulled his shorts and briefs off and got down on his knees in front of Caz.

"Start by licking the pussy lips with your tongue."

Tom licked the lips of her pussy slowly and covered every part of them as Caz began to groan in anticipation. She was already dripping from the nipple attention. As the juice flowed out he licked the juice as it came out. Her pussy lips were sensitive and Caz shuttered in delight at the treatment she was getting. It was now time to show him where the clitoris hood and clitoris were located. She did so by holding his finger and guiding it into the vulva and putting his hand on it rubbing it with their fingers locked together.

"That is what excites women. Use your tongue to explore it as well as the rest of me. Find my G Spot and you'll really excite me and I might squirt for you. Taste my juice and enjoy it like I do sperm."

Tom gingerly inserted his tongue past the inner lips and moved it around until he found the clitoris. He flicked it with his tongue and got no response from her. He inserted his tongue in more and got a better feel for it and she groaned. His tongue explored more and he tasted her juices. He went back to her clit and stimulated it some more. He got another groan and a stirring from her pushing her pussy against his mouth. It was getting wetter and wetter meaning he was doing something right.

Tom continued for several minutes and the result was more squirming and pushing her pussy harder against his face. She loved what he was doing and he was happy to please her. He explored more and found her g spot which was like an electric shock going through her body. 

"You made me cum Tom. It's wonderful," Caz said. "Please don't stop."

Tom continued what he was doing with the tongue licking the clit and licking the juice out of her pussy. Caz was in heaven and very pleased with Tom and what he was doing to her. Her clit was swollen and very sensitive to his tongue now. She had another orgasm and shuttered in delight.

"Was it okay Caz?" Tom asked.

"For the first time you did very good. Switch places with me and I'll take good care of you"

Tom got up and sat on the couch, his cock sticking straight out while Caz got on her knees in front of him. She took his cock into her mouth and slurped it to get lubrication on it, slid it out, and began giving him a hand job to the delight of Tom.

Caz learned early that a handjob was an easy way to control men so she had a lot practice giving them. She used both hands on his cock and rotated them in opposite directions, moving slowly to prolong the erection as long as possible. Tom started to groan and Caz stopped the handjob. She proceeded to do this 3 more times, each time bringing him closer to cumming but stopping short each time. 

Caz was smiling as she was teaching Tom another lesson, edging. She knew if she did it a couple more times his balls would be on fire and ready to explode. Tom would cum real good for Caz.

Caz rotated her hands again and Tom groaned more. He was so horny but everytime he got close she stopped and she did again. She smiled and waited again keeping him from cumming. She did it one more time and sensed an urgency from him. This would be the last time for the edging. He was a good boy and deserved to cum.

Caz rotated her hands once more and it didn't take long for Tom to start to cum. Caz aimed his cock at her chest and he pumped his hot semen all over her breasts and nipples making a huge cum mess on her body. Tom smiled.

"Guess I made a little mess on your breasts, Caz."

"No worries Tom I'll just rub it in, " she said.

She rubbed her hands over the ropes of cum and worked it into her breasts and nipples, making them shiny and glistening. They looked beautiful. Tom leaned over and kissed the nipples tasting his own cum.

Tom asked Caz if there would be a next time and she nodded in a slutty manner.