 Sue was working on her latest project when her phone rang.

"Sue I need to see you in my office right away," explained her boss Frank Newman.

"Okay Frank. Just let me save my work on the computer and I'll be right in," I replied.

I saved my work because the last thing I needed was for three weeks of research to get lost in cyberspace.

I knocked on Frank's door and he called out, "Come in Sue."

I walked into his large spacious office and he was speaking to someone on the phone and he motioned for me to sit down.

"Okay Bill. Sues' here now. I'll call you back in a little bit." He hung up and looked over at me. "I have a special conference that I need you to go to. It's in LA and all expenses are paid. The conference is about the new safety regulations that are going into effect next month and you're going to be our expert on the new regs."

"When is the conference?" I asked.

"It starts on Tuesday so you'll have to fly out Monday afternoon."

"Okay. Do you have anything that will help me get up to speed on the conference?" 

"Yes. Bill Sheppard is going to email you an outline of the main talking points of the regulations so you don't go into this conference completely blind."

We talked about the importance of the conference and went over my travel itinerary then I went back to my office and called my husband Ed.

"Hi hon. I'm heading out to LA on Monday for a three day conference so you'll be a bachelor for a few days," I explained to my husband of ten years.

"Oh shit. That almost sounds like they're punishing you," Ed joked.

"Well it is three days all expenses paid in Los Angeles after all."

I spent my weekend prepping for the conference learning as much about the new regulations as I could. I packed for much warmer weather than what we're having in the east. Ed drove me to the airport for my cross country flight.

"Have fun; but don't get arrested," Ed joked as I kissed him goodbye as I made my way to the TSA security checkpoint.

My flight was uneventful and when I got to LAX I got my luggage and went to the rental car counter to pick up my ride.

"Welcome to LA Ms Thompson," the rental agent said as I checked in. "Would you like a compact or mid-size car?"

"What are my choices?"

"We have Chevrolet vehicles. The Cruze for compacts, and the Malibu and Impalas for mid-size."

"I'll take a Malibu," I replied.

I picked up my rental car and drove the twenty or so miles to the hotel. It was a large hotel with a big conference center. Several hundred people were expected at the conference so I made my way to my room and unpacked and relaxed.

I took a nap then went downstairs to the restaurant. I noticed a tall handsome fifty something man at the table next to me. I knew right away that it was Bill Sheppard; the man putting on the seminar.

I walked over to his table and introduced myself.

"Hi Mr Sheppard? I'm Sue Thompson from Pittsburgh. I work for Frank Newman."

"Oh hi Sue. Glad you could make it. Did you get all of the information I emailed you?"

"Yes thanks a lot. I just wanted to introduce myself. I'll pretty tired so I'll see you in the morning."

"Okay. Nice meeting you. See you in the morning."

As I walked away he called out, "Hey Sue. Don't forget the time change. We're three hours behind what you're used to."

"I know. One step ahead of you. I've already set my clock back three hours."

I went back to my room and fell asleep right away. My alarm went off at 6am and I got up and got a shower and went downstairs for breakfast.

I had my credentials on and a young light skinned black man saw my credentials and asked me if I'd mind if he sat down next to me.

"Hi I'm Fred Jacobs from Richmond."

"Hi. I'm Sue Thompson from Pittsburgh."

We chatted about our jobs and families then we made our way to the conference.

The conference started promptly at 8am and it was scheduled to run until 5pm all three days. They only had a ten minute morning break and an hour for lunch scheduled.

"I'm gonna need a drink after this," I whispered to Fred as Bill Sheppard opened the conference.

The information was non-stop. I'm glad I know shorthand because I could have never taken really good notes if I didn't. They had so much to go over that they completely forgot about the morning break. Finally at 12:30 Bill announced that it was lunch time.

Fred and I were joined by several others at lunch and the hour went by very quickly.

"Back to work!" Bill explained as we all went back into the conference room.

After lunch it took all I could to keep from falling asleep. Fred nudged me to keep me awake. Finally the first day ended.

"That was torture," Fred stated as we left the conference room. "What are you doing for dinner?"

"I don't know. What do you have in mind?" I asked.

"If you like Japanese steakhouses there's a good one a couple of blocks from here."

"Okay that works for me. Can we walk there or do we need to drive?"

"No we can walk. It's only about a five minute walk."

"Great. Let me go back to my room and change. What time do you wanna meet?" I asked.

"Let me call them real quick and see if we need reservations."

Fred called the restaurant and got us a reservation for two for 6:30.

"Do you want to meet in the lobby?" I asked.

"We can. I'm in room 1042 so if you want we can meet at my room."

"1042? I'm in 1055 so sure let's meet at your room at 6:15," I replied.

We rode the elevator up to the tenth floor and we went to our rooms.

I took off my blouse and slacks and decided to dress up for dinner. I pulled out a low-cut black silky dress that was almost skin tight. As I looked at myself in the mirror I realized that my panties and bra straps were ruining the look I was going for. 

"Hmmm," I thought. "I'm going commando," I said to myself. I took off my dress and removed my bra and panties then put my slinky dress back on.

I grabbed my handbag and went to Fred's room and knocked on the door.

"Come in," he cried out. "Wow! You look amazing!"

"Thanks," I replied as I started blushing.

"I'm under dressed," he replied. 

We made it to the elevator and my nipples were erect as we walked thru the hotel lobby. I could see people checking me out as we made our way to the restaurant.

We were seated with another couple as the chef came over to make our dinners on the hibachi grill.

Dinner was amazing. I had steak and shrimp and Fred and I each drank saki for the first time. I also had a mixed drink and Fred had a couple of beers. 

"It's a good thing we walked because there's no way I could drive," I stated.

"Hell yes," was Fred's reply.

We walked back to the hotel arm in arm and I'm sure that the people that we passed probably thought we were a couple.

"Do you wanna go to the bar?" Fred asked.

"No," I replied. "Let's just head up to our room and relax. Eight hours of stats and information fried my brain."

"Well I could get a six pack at the bar and we could go up to my room and relax," Fred explained.

"That works for me."

We went to the bar and bought a six pack and noticed the bar filled with conference attendees.

"Ready?" Fred asked.

"Sure."

We made our way to the elevator and got to Fred's room. I noticed right away that he had a balcony with a nice view of downtown LA.

"Not fair!" I claimed. "My balcony overlooks the parking garage."

"We can go out on the balcony if you want."

"Yeah lets," I replied.

I took off my shoes and Fred and I sat down on the balcony. We were sitting there drinking Coors when he called out.

"Holy shit! Look at that!"

He pointed towards an apartment building across from us. There was a woman naked on the balcony with a guy fucking her from behind while another was taping the whole thing.

"Are they making a porno?" I asked.

"I don't know but it's not something you see everyday."

I was getting aroused by this and I'm certain that Fred was as well.

"Damn that chick is hot!" he blurted out.

"Not bad but her tits are fake," I replied.

"Why do you say that?"

"Well if they were real every time he rammed her, her tits would move. They aren't moving so they must be fake." 

"Maybe. But she's still pretty hot."

Maybe it was the alcohol talking but I stood up in front of him and untied the top of my dress releasing my perky pear shaped 34Bs with swollen nipples. My dress completely fell off leaving me naked on the hotel balcony.

"Wow! Those sure are real," Fred said as he leaned over and stroked my tits.

"Yes!" I moaned as he kissed my erect left nipple. His right hand reached between my legs and found my wet swollen clit.

I pulled his head tightly against my chest as his fingers brought me to a massive orgasm. My legs buckled as I climaxed. I collapsed on the chair as Fred quickly pulled his pants down exposing his long thick cock. 

He was at least 9 inches long and thick. His cock looked like a big sausage. He spread my legs apart and rubbed the mushroom shaped purple head of his cock against my pussy.

"Stop messing around and fuck me with that monster cock!" I screamed.

He slowly guided his sausage into my wet waiting box. I bit my lip as he completely penetrated me.

"Oh fuckkkkkkkkkk!!" I screamed as he pounded away faster and faster. His balls were slapping my ass as we made mad love on the balcony.

"Yeah baby. You're nice and tight, just like I like 'em," Fred stated. "Yessss!" He screamed as his cock exploded inside of me filling me with his warm seed.

"I'm sorry," he said. "I shoulda pulled out. I don't wanna get you pregnant."

"No worries. I'm on the pill," I replied.

We collapsed in each others arms and rested for a few minutes when he picked me up and carried me into the room. He placed me on the bed and spread my legs apart.

"I'm gonna clean you up," he stated as he got between my legs and slurped up the dripping cum oozing out of my cunt.

"Mmmmm!" I moaned as he brought me to the brink of a massive orgasm. "Yes! Fuck yes!" I screamed as I started bucking and moving around on the bed climaxing as he licked my swollen clit.

I was panting regaining my breath when he stood over me and lowered his semi-erect cock in my face.

"Suck it babe!" he commanded.

I opened my mouth and he started fucking my face while hanging onto the beds headboard. I reached up and put a finger in his ass hole and Fred let out a little moan.

"You like anal?" he asked as he pulled his now hard cock out of my mouth. "Turn over," and he pulled my ass up and he spit on his finger and penetrated my ass with his finger.

"I'm gonna get you ready bitch," he stated and after fucking my ass with his finger for a couple of minutes he replaced his finger with his cock.

"Oh shit!!" I screamed as he penetrated my tight ass hole with his monster cock.

He pulled on my erect nipples as he fucked me and I rubbed my clit as he rammed me from behind.

"I'm cumming!" he moaned and he pulled out his cock and he shot his load halfway up my back. "God damn that was awesome!" he screamed and we collapsed on the bed.

After resting for a few hours we both got into the shower and cleaned ourselves up. We went back into the bedroom and climbed into bed and went to sleep for the night.

About 5am I woke up and realized Fred had 'morning wood'. I got underneath the covers and proceeded to give him a morning blowjob. Fred woke up and positioned my cunt in his face and we were 69ing on the bed.

"I love starting my day this way," Fred said between munching on my snatch.

I could feel his balls tightening and knew he was close to cumming.

"Oh yeah!" he screamed as he filled my mouth with warm salty cum. I sucked him dry then got out of bed and got dressed.

"I'm going back to my room to get dressed. I'll make sure you like what I'm wearing today," I explained as I left his room.

I made it back to my room and saw that there were a dozen messages left on my cell phone. Ed had been calling all night and I sent him a text message telling him that I spent the night at a female colleagues room because I drank way too much.

I took a shower and was trying to decide on what to wear. I finally decided on a long skirt with a dark brown silky blouse. I picked out a push up bra that barely covered my nipples and areoleas. I also decided that panties were not required.

I met Fred at the elevator door and I deliberately bent over so he could see the top of my breasts. We got on the elevator alone and i took his left hand and put it up the front of my skirt.

"Oh fuck! No panties?" he asked.

"No panties. We can have a quickie at lunch," I replied.

Fred and I sat next to each other at the table and an attractive man from our Buffalo office was seated to my left.

The presentation was very boring to say the very least. I decided to liven it up a little by placing my right hand on Fred's crotch. He jumped a little bit as I rubbed his now growing cock through his slacks.

"Sue be careful," he whispered into my right ear.

"Just wanna liven things up," I replied.

I didn't realize but the man to my left was no longer paying attention to the presentation. He was watching as I put my hand down the front of Fred's pants.

Fred decided that he should give me a little pleasure so he pulled my skirt up and spread my legs apart and inserted two fingers into my soaking wet pussy. Then much to my surprise I felt someone else rubbing my inner thighs.

I looked to my left and the guy from Buffalo was joining Fred with fingering me. 

"Move up in your seat," he whispered to me.

I obliged and soon I had the fingers of two different men inside of my wet cunt. I had to bite my lip so I wouldn't scream as I had a massive orgasm.

The stranger to my left pulled his fingers out and licked my juices off.

"Tasty," he exclaimed.

Finally it was lunch time and Fred and I introduced ourselves to Joe from Buffalo.

"I wanna party with you guys," he stated as we stood in the buffet line.

"We could ditch lunch and find a nice quiet place to fuck," I replied.

Fred took me by the arm and the three of us looked for an empty room. Finally we found an empty meeting room and I quickly pulled my dress off and Joe and Fred dropped their trousers and I got on my knees between them and took turns on their cocks. Joe was average length, but the tip of his cock was huge.

"I want one of you to fuck me and the other to cum in my mouth," I explained.

"I fucked her last night so you can fuck her," Fred said to Joe.

"No problem," he stated as put me on an empty table and spread my legs apart then quickly buried his cock deep inside of me. I wrapped my legs around him and he was rubbing my nipples as we fucked.

"Get over here!" I commanded to Fred.

He stuffed his cock in my mouth and we were all having a great time. All anyone could hear was moaning and the slapping of naked flesh.

"We better hurry," Fred said, "The afternoon session starts in ten minutes."

Joe started fucking me faster and faster and as soon as I touched his hairy balls he tensed up and came in me. Fred came right after that and my lunch consisted of cum in my mouth and cum in my cunt.

We all got up and quickly dressed and made our way back to the conference. The rest of the afternoon was very boring and we were all excited when the session was finally over.

"What are we doing tonight?" I asked Fred and Joe.

"I'm all for fucking and room service," Joe replied.

"That works for me," I stated.

"Yeah, but we might have a little problem," Fred explained. "Bill Sheppard was going for a smoke when he heard some unusual noises. He ended up walking in on us in the empty meeting room. He wants to know if we all wanna do dinner tonight."

My face was bright red and I realized that I was completely busted. If I didn't let Bill Sheppard fuck me then he would tell my boss that I was fucking instead of working.

"I guess we can have dinner with him," I replied.

I decided to dress like it was a formal dinner in a low cut evening dress with slits up the legs. I wasn't wearing a bra or panties and was excited about having three men at once.

As I was daydreaming there was a knock on the door.

"Come in," I cried out.

Fred and Joe came into my room in suits and their eyes were checking me out from head to toe.

"You look awesome!" Joe stated.

"We're going to the penthouse for dinner," Fred stated.

We got on the elevator and got to the top floor and looked for Bill's penthouse. We rang the door bell and Bill opened the door wearing a fuzzy bathrobe.

"Welcome. You folks are a little overdressed. I have a hot tub and I figure we could take a dip after dinner."

There was a huge spread of food on a large table and there was everything from shrimp, steak and chicken.

We all ate very well and Bill stood up and took off his robe. He was only wearing a Speedo and he was in really great shape for a man of his age.

"If you don't have a bathing suit just wear your skivvies," he explained.

Joe and Fred quickly undressed to their shorts and the three of them were all looking at me waiting for me to undress.

"Uh..there's a little problem," I explained. "I'm not wearing a bra or underwear."

"No problem," Bill explained. "We're all adults here."

I untied my dress and it fell to the floor leaving me naked in front of three horny men. I could see the bulges growing in their shorts.

"You know it's only fair if you all take off your shorts. I'm naked so you guys should be as well."

Bill quickly took his Speedo off and his cock was covered in grey pubic hair. He walked over towards me and took my hand and led me to the hot tub.

We climbed into the hot tub and as soon as we sat down bill leaned over and gave me a kiss on the lips. He put his tongue in my mouth and his hands were all over my naked tits. 

"Frank told me you were frisky but I never expected this," he stated as he leaned over and kissed my erect nipples.

His free hands were rubbing my slit and he positioned me next to one of the water jets. He spread my pussy lips apart and the warm water warm massaging my pussy.

"Oh mygodddd!" I screamed as I had the most intense orgasm I've ever had. "Fuckkkk!" I screamed.

Bill let me relax for a minute after my climax then he lowered me on his erect member.

"Fuck me Sue. Fuck me good!" he screamed as I rode him.

Joe and Fred both got into the hot tub and I took their cocks in my hands as Bill pounded away.

"Get ready Sue! I'm cumming!" Bill screamed and he literally exploded inside of me, filling me with what felt like gallons of his warm cum.

"Jesus! I haven't had sex since my wife died three years ago," Bill explained.

I got up and Bill was replaced by Joe. He didn't last very long until he shot his load deep in me.

Fred picked me up and entered me from behind fucking me doggy style. Bill was sitting on the edge of the hot tub and I leaned over and sucked his cock back to life.

The rest of the night really flew by. I was exhausted at the end of the night and my pussy was sore from all of the fucking. 

I didn't go to the final day of the conference because I had a special instructor. I spent the final day of the conference in Bill's room. We fucked for hours, thanks to the little blue pill and I got a glowing review about my participating in the conference.

I even got a nice raise from my boss Frank after he spoke with Bill Sheppard the week after the conference. It was a boring conference that I actually had fun at. I really can't tell you much about what I learned, other than I like fucking.

More stories to cum...