 I was prowling, driving aimlessly up and down the main drag, watching for something to catch my eye. Frustrated by whatever was bothering me I decided I needed a drink. I pulled into the parking lot of the local redneck bar, sending a new cloud of dust up and over the rest of the lot. 

I slammed the door of my 77 Caprice convertible and strode into the dim bar. The place wasn't packed but it was doing brisk business. I took one of the few spots left at the bar and ordered my usual Washington Apple. In the mirror behind the bar, I checked out my new drinking buddies. There were ten or twelve guys, all ball players by the uniforms, drifting from the bar to a few tables and back, three or four couples seeming to enjoy a rare night out, dancing and drinking. 

I spotted her in the back corner booth, watching me intently. Hmmm, I thought, taking in her huge brown eyes peeping over the top of the booth. I sipped at my drink, letting my gaze travel around the room, lingering on Number 4's fine, tight ass or on Number 17's package or on one of the couples dancing but landing on her often. Something about her dinged in my head. 

Number 4 was rubbing up against me as he waited for his round, letting me know in no uncertain terms that he was up for the taking. I slid my hand into his crotch, finding his hard on just as advertised, gave him a stroke and a squeeze, watching his eyes cross. I just wasn't looking for a man tonight. As Number 4's eyes cleared and his round appeared, I spotted her on my other side. I took in her sweet, heart shaped face, her doe eyes, her full mouth. When she sat beside me, I noticed her slimness, her full, round breasts, her long bare legs under that mini skirt.

"What are you drinking?" she asked, leaning toward me, showing me her cleavage, making my mouth water.

"Washington Apple. Try it." I said, offering her my glass. She smiled over the rim as she sipped. I watched her tongue lick at her lips, feeling a moist heat rising between my thighs. She ordered another round for the two of us. She told me her name was Cassie. She's 27, single, no kids, college grad, working for a law firm in the city but living out here close to her aging folks. 

The ball players were getting drunk and rowdy, so I moved my stool closer to hers, brushing her leg with mine, her hip with my hand. I noticed Number 4 watching us in the mirror, drinking his beer, occasionally shifting his still hard package. After our fourth round, Cassie was relaxed enough for my hand to rest easily high on her thigh, my arm around her shoulders, talking softly into the cup of her ear, letting my lips brush against it. She finally turned to me and let her mouth meet mine. 

Her mouth was sweet with the taste of our shared drinks. I touched my tongue to hers, teasing along her lips, letting my fingers slid up under her skirt, brushing along the edge of her silky panties.

"I live two doors down." She panted in my ear as I rubbed her clit. I finished the last sip of my drink, paid our tab and let her lead me to her place. I had to stop her once, pressing her up against the storefront window, kneading her natural breasts, kissing her brainless, rubbing her increasingly drenched panties. 

I slid my finger inside her as she unlocked the door, bringing a gasp from her. "Inside." I nudged her forward with just my finger, feeling her tight little quim quivering around my finger.

"Strip." I ordered her, once I'd closed the door with my foot. She dropped her clothes where she stood, showing me her whole self. I dropped my bag on the coffee table, gazing at her pert breasts. "I really love your breasts Cassie. Natural, young, firm. I bet they're sweet and tasty." I crooned, stepping closer to her, rubbing my palm against her nipple, watching as it hardened into a proud, little peak. "...mmmm, I'm drooling for a taste..." 

I cradled one in my hand, rolling her nipple between my thumb and forefinger, watching her enjoy it. I lowered my mouth to it, taking it in, sucking gently at first, kneading the other in time to my sucking, and listening as her breath came in soft pants, little mews. I purred as I let it drop from my mouth. "I have some toys we can play with in my bag." I said softly, stroking her panties firmly, feeling her dripping snatch through them. 

"Let me have these." I said, sliding them to the floor, letting my fingers slide through her slit, making her crumple against me. "Easy, Cassie." I crooned, setting her back on her feet, making sure she could stand alone. When I was certain she could, I dug into my bag, dragging out my vibrating dildo for me, my strap on with the vibrating cock ring for her. Her eyes followed every movement I made, fastening on my strap on. 

I watched as she licked those full lips in anticipation; as she grew brazen enough to come to me, stroke my dildo as she kissed me. I let her explore my body, stroke my ass, tweak timidly at my own nipples. "C'mon Cassie....pinch them harder for me...mmmm, yeah." I purred in her ear, holding tight to her ass, sliding my cock between her lips, sliding my fingers along her hole, guiding my cock into her. 

She wrapped her leg around my waist as I lifted her, pinned her to the wall, to bounce her on my cock. I buried my face in the curve of her neck as I kept thrusting into her, listening to her growing moans. I could feel my little buzzer humming in my own clam, moving in time with my thrusts into her. 

I spied a bed over her shoulder and half fucked, half carried her to it, letting her fall back on it, letting her legs fall wide open. I watched as I stroked my fake cock into her, rubbing her clit in time, watching a flush creep up from her beautiful breasts to stain her cheeks crimson, pinching one nipple hard enough to make her cry out. I could feel her all but thrumming under me, as I started pounding into her. I felt fingers in my clam, coming from behind, stroking around my buzzer, stroking my clit.

"Atta girl Cass...I knew you'd get to her..." Number 4 crooned from behind me, sliding my buzzer out, sliding his fingers in. "See, Cassie here's been asking if she can get fucked by a woman for a while...mmm, nice....tight..." he groaned, sliding his cock into me, holding my hips, as Cassie gazed up at me, seductively. "Now, I know how Cassie likes her cunt pounded...let me guide you...because I've been wanting to fuck the shit outta you for the past year...feel me..." I let him move my hips, let him fuck her with my fake, vibrating cock. I felt him throbbing inside me as we fucked her. 

I watched as she came, as I kept thrusting into her until she clamped onto me, holding my cock deep inside her, whispering in my ear, how she couldn't wait to feel me come as he fucked me, how this was very exciting, very sexy, very hot, as she kneaded my nipples, spread my lips for him. I felt him spreading my cuntlips, stroking in and out, squishing in as Cassie's mouth captured mine. 

He pounded into me, banging his balls off my ass as she and I made out, as he touched my clit and hers with my buzzer, making her thrum beneath me, making her grind up on my cock still in her, grinding me between them. His hand slid around, squeezing my handful hard as he furiously throbbed in and out. 

I was close as they both ground into me, humping hard, plowing into and onto me. I felt his fingertips rubbing my clit, at the same time I felt her fingertip sliding against my asshole, sliding in, and I was lost. Coming hard on his cock and her finger, bucking hard against him, into her. I was limp between them, sandwiched warmly between them, wondering how I always manage to find just what I search for?