 Back whenever I was in college I worked at the same restaurant I worked at in high school. I was lucky enough to live in a college town so I didn't have to go very far to get to school.

I lived at home until my junior year to save money but decided to move out and live on my own.

I went into work one afternoon for a staff meeting that had been called by Rick the long time restaurant owner.

"Well folks I need to take some time off to deal with a sick relative, so I've hired a new manager to run the place while I'm gone. Guys I'd like you to meet Bob McCormick our new manager."

I tried not to stare when the new boss stood up to speak. He was a tall blond Adonis with dark blue eyes. My knees felt weak as he spoke up.

"Hi everyone. I'm Bob. I've worked in restaurants since I was 16 and I've managed both fast food and sit down restaurants. I'm really looking forward to working with you all."

We all went up to him and wished him well. My mom made sure introduce me to Bob.

"Bob this is my single daughter Sue," she explained.

If looks could kill I'm sure the face I made towards her would have been fatal.

"Mom!" I cried out. "Sorry Bob. She's always trying to set me up with somebody."

"No worries. Nice to meet you Sue. How many hours do you work a week?" he asked.

"About 25. I'm going to school full time at WSU so I need time to study."

"What's your major?"

"Biology with a chemistry minor."

"So I guess this means you're a brainiac?"

I started blushing and meekly replied," I was in NHS in high school."

"Great. Looking forward to working with you."

-------------

Several weeks had passed by and I was really starting to enjoy my part time job. Bob and I hit it off right away and we'd joke around with each other and I'd even flirt with him. I found out that he was only 25 and he had no steady girl.

"I can't believe you don't have a girlfriend," I asked him one day.

"I work way too much to even go out," Bob replied. "My job is pretty much my life."

"Well that needs to change. We need to go out some night."

"I'd like that but I don't wanna lose my job by taking advantage of my employees."

"Who said I wouldn't be a willing participant."

I was hoping to go out with this handsome man but sadly every time we'd plan something a problem would arise at the restaurant. I was beginning to think that we'd never go out whenever Bob asked me if I wanted to work more hours.

"I'm looking for someone to help me out. I need an assistant to help me out. If you're interested you'd have to work about 30 hours a week."

"Sure. I'm willing to help out wherever I can. What would the job entail?"

"Well you'd help me with the daily operations and help close the restaurant a couple of night a week."

"Okay. When would you want me to start?"

"ASAP. I'd show you how to take care of the daily paperwork and deposit."

"I'm free tomorrow night, so if you want I can come in to get trained."

"That works for me."

The next day I breezed through my classes and hurried home to change. I dressed in my usual black slacks and white blouse. I wore my lacy pushup bra and left the top two buttons undone.

"Hi Bob," I stated as I walked into the office.

"Sue. How ya doing?"

"Awesome. All ready to start training."

Bob had me sit down in front of the computer and he leaned over me to show me how to access different portals on the computer. 

He smelled amazing. I wasn't sure what type of cologne he had on but he smelled great. I wasn't really paying attention because he had me so flustered.

"I think I'll wait until we get closer to closing time to show you more. Why don't you go and see if they need any help waiting tables."

"Okay. Sounds like a plan."

I went out and picked up a station and helped out and took care of customers for the next couple of hours.

"Sue can I see you in the office?" Bob asked.

"Sure, just give me a minute to finish up with table 6."

I finished up and told Holly the hostess that I was needed in the office. I went into the office and Bob told me to sit down and he'd show me how to do evening paperwork.

"What are you wearing?" I asked as he leaned over.

"What do you mean?" he asked.

"Your cologne smells great."

"Oh thanks. It's Polo."

Bob was standing behind me leaning over me to explain what I needed to do. One time I looked up to ask him a question and he was looking down the front of my blouse staring at my cleavage.

He quickly looked away and his face turned bright red.

"Like what you saw?" I asked.

"Sorry Sue. I hope I didn't upset you," he replied.

"No not at all."

"Bob here's the register drawer. Its closing time," Holly stated breaking up our awkward moment.

"Okay thanks. You guys can leave. I need to show Sue how to count down the register so I'm gonna lock the door when you guys leave."

Bob followed the crew to the front door and in the couple of minutes he was away I quickly took off my bra. I stuffed it in my purse and undid another button so Bob would get a great view of my pear shaped perky 34Bs.

"Okay Sue. Ready to get to work?" he asked as he came back into the office.

"Yep. Lets go."

Bob got in back of me and was explaining what I needed to do when I felt something poking me in the back. I quickly realized that he was getting an erection because he was obviously looking at my tits.

"Jesus Sue. You're fucking torturing me," Bob stated.

"What do ya mean?"

"You know what I mean. Where the fuck is your bra?"

"Oops. It must've fallen off."

I looked up and our lips met. My mouth opened and our tongues were dancing in each others mouths and his hands went down the front of my blouse. He was rubbing my nipples and pinching them between his fingers.

Bob picked me up and placed me on the desk. He removed my blouse and leaned over and kissed my erect nipples. He took his hands and quickly pulled my slacks down. He started rubbing my wet panties and pulled them aside so he could stroke my waiting pussy. 

"Oh yeah!" I screamed as he bit my nipples and fingered my pussy bringing me to my first orgasm of the evening.

I was shaking and convulsing as I climaxed and Bob tore my panties off and buried his head in my crotch.

"Mmmm. Fresh pussy!" he stated as his tongue found my clit.

I was pushing his head tighter towards my cunt and I wrapped my legs around his head.

"Oh yesssss. Fuckkkkk!" I screamed as I climaxed again.

I fell back towards the computer monitor and tried to regain my composure as Bob quickly undressed.

"Ohhh! Nice cock!" I purred as he pulled his briefs off.

I commanded him to sit down and I wrapped my lips around his throbbing cock.

"Oh baby. Suck it babe," he moaned.

I had all 7 inches of his uncircumcised cock in my mouth and my hands were squeezing his balls. Just to mess with him I put my thumb up his asshole and Bob squirmed then exploded in my mouth filling me with his warm sticky goo.

We both collapsed and rested then Bob finally spoke.

"I guess we should count down the drawers," Bob stated.

We both got up and Bob sat naked on the desk chair and he sat me on his lap. 

"Okay count the drawer down to $150 then we need to see how much we made today."

As I counted Bob fondled my breasts and after a few minutes he was hard again.

"Get up Sue," he commanded. 

I did then he lowered me onto his hard cock.

"Lets see how good you are. Can you count while we fuck?"

"I don't know...but we'll see."

We were fucking in the office as I counted the drawer down. The only sounds that you could hear was the calculator and the slapping of skin as we fucked.

"Finished. We made $3,250 today," I explained and I stood up and leaned over the desk. "Okay now fuck me really good."

Bob got in back of me and fucked me from behind. He started slowly at first but fucked me faster and faster.

"Oh baby! Fuck me Bob! Fuck me like I'm your little bitch!"

He was pulling on my nipples as we fucked and he was cupping my tits as they bounced with each thrust.

"Get ready Susie. I'm gonna cum!" he screamed as he erupted inside of my waiting cunt, filling it with his seed.

We were both sweaty and kissed as we sat on the chair.

"You wanna go to my place and shower then get dinner delivered?" Bob asked.

"Sounds like fun," I replied.

I got dressed... minus my bra and panties and Bob and I drove to his apartment. On the way I unzipped his pants and pulled his cock out.

"Have you ever had road head?" I asked.

"Nope. Never had the pleasure."

I unbuttoned my blouse and rubbed my tits against his cock then sucked him off in the parking lot of his apartment building.

"Hold on a minute. Don't cum in my mouth. I wanna cum on your tits," he commanded.

I obliged and stroked his cock as he came all over my tits with ropes of cum. He rubbed his fingers on my cum covered tits and I licked his fingers clean.

We got out of his car and Bob pulled his pants up and I let my blouse unbuttoned as we walked into his apartment. We spent the night in bed and never ate dinner. Bob and I became lovers until I left for grad school and the last I heard he ended up getting another waitress pregnant and they got married.

It was a fun time and he filled my pussy countless times.