 I'm really looking forward to our cruise in December with my husband Ed, his co-worker Marcus and his sister Marchelle.

I'm trying to get in shape because I want to knock Marcus socks off whenever he sees me in my skimpy bikini. I know Ed is looking forward to the trip because he's looking forward to seeing Marchelle in a bikini as well. I plan on spending the cruise in Marcus's cabin and Marchelle is going to be with Ed.

I used to be a runner in high school and college and decided that the best way for me to get into shape is to go running. I get up every morning at 6AM and put on my sports bra and shorts and hit the street. I run about 6-8 miles everyday before I come home and shower and head off to work.

I'm used to running by myself, and after about two weeks of running I found myself a running partner. I was out on a Tuesday morning whenever I had the feeling that I was being followed.

I decided to stop in front of a convenience store to tie my shoe. I figured if I was being followed that by stopping here I would be noticed if someone tried anything.

"Hi. How ya doing?" the tall handsome man said to me. 

"Fine, I guess," I replied.

"Oh I'm sorry if I scared you. I've noticed you running alone the past week and thought it was dangerous so I decided to follow you and make sure that you're okay. Oh yeah...my names Todd Christopher."

"Well you did give me a bit of a fright. I'm Sue Thompson. Nice to meet you. Do you run every morning as well?"

"Yes. I do ten miles a day before work," he replied. "Do you mind if I run with you?"

"No not at all," I replied as I stretched and we took off running.

Todd was a very handsome man. I was guessing that he was in his mid to late 20s and he was in good shape. We ran for another half hour then I told him I was done.

"I live down this street so I'll see you tomorrow."

"Okay great. Why don't we meet at this corner tomorrow at 6:15 and we can run together," Todd explained.

"Okay. Sounds great," I replied.

I ran home and jumped into the shower. Instinctively I rubbed my clitoris as I showered and climaxed very quickly. I was wondering if it was because I was attracted to Todd.

The rest of the day I couldn't get him out of my mind. I could see him in his tight shorts and my legs got weak. I had to relieve myself so I went to the restroom and fingered myself to yet another orgasm.

That evening when I got home from work I nearly jumped my husband Ed when he walked into the house. I was only wearing a bathrobe and I dropped it to the floor when he walked in. We made love in the hallway and I had several orgasms as Ed fucked me.

"Wow! What the fuck got into you?" Ed asked.

"I'm just horny," I replied.

We ordered a pizza and after dinner spent the rest of the night in bed. We fucked in every position imaginable. We both fell fast asleep and I woke up about ten minutes before my alarm went off. 

I went into the bathroom and dressed for my run. I picked a white sports bra and short pink running shorts. I also decided to go commando and put on no panties.

I made it to the corner just as Todd did.

"Morning Todd."

"Good morning Sue," he replied.

We took off running towards the park and I could feel my nipples hardening. The main reason I wore this bra was because it became semi transparent when wet. I knew I'd be giving him a show as I worked up a good sweat.

We didn't say a lot as we ran but finally Todd broke the ice.

"You look really hot Sue."

I blushed a bit then finally replied. "Why thank you Todd. You look pretty good yourself."

We stopped at a drinking fountain and both got a drink. I made a mess of it and splashed water all over me. My nipples and areoleas were now clearly visible. Todd couldn't keep his eyes off me.

I heard him quietly say "Nice."

"Can we stop for a few minutes. I'm starting to cramp up," I stated.

"Yeah. There's a pavilion right over there," he replied as we walked over to a picnic pavilion just as the skies opened up. 

"Where did this come from?" I asked.

"I don't know. I thought it was supposed to be nice and sunny today," Todd replied.

We sat down on a bench and Todd could tell I was in pain.

"Did you pull a hammy?"

"I don't know but my legs really hurt," I replied.

"Lay down on the bench. I'll massage them for you."

I got on my stomach and Todd got on his knees next to me and he started rubbing the back of my legs.

"That feels great," I cooed.

"Yeah. It seems like you're all tightened up."

He massaged my legs and I was secretly hoping that he'd try something on me. His hands worked up my legs and he brushed my ass as he covered his mouth and sneezed.

"Bless you," I stated.

"Thanks. Do they still hurt?"

"Yes they do. Can you massage all of my legs?" I asked.

"Sure," he replied.

He started at my ankles and slowly worked up my trembling legs. It was still raining hard as he made his way towards my inner thighs.

"Yeah, right there," I stated as I spread my legs and he slowly and cautiously worked up towards my quivering pussy.

"Holy shit! You're not wearing any panties," he exclaimed as his hand brushed up against my ass.

"I know. I want you to ravage me Todd. Fuck me please!" I pleaded.

He looked around to make sure no one was around and he pulled my running shorts off and buried his fingers into my wet waiting pussy. He fingered my cunt and he found my swollen clit with two fingers.

"Fuck!" I moaned as he finger fucked me. "Oh yes! I'm cumming!" I screamed.

He leaned over and told me to keep quiet so we don't arouse anyone. He kissed me on the lips and our mouths opened up and our tongues were dancing back and forth in each others mouths. He pulled my sports bra up releasing my perky pear shaped 34Bs. My nipples were hard as pebbles as he pinched them with his free left hand. His right hand was still buried in my wet cunt.

He rolled me over and stood up and quickly dropped his shorts. His cock was standing at attention and he quickly guided his 7 inch love muscle into my waiting box.

"Fuck me Todd. Oh yes fuck me good!" I moaned.

He was pounding away and he pulled my legs up and soon the only sounds you could hear was the dripping of the rain off the roof; and the slapping of naked skin as he fucked me. 

"Yeah baby! Oh yeah," he moaned. "Get ready babe. I'm cumming!" he screamed as his cock exploded filling my snatch with his warm sticky goo. "Oh fuck that was awesome!" he said as he pulled out.

I quickly sat up and licked his cock clean of our juices. I devoured his cock in my mouth deep throating him trying to get him hard again.

"Give me a couple of minutes and I'll be ready again," Todd exclaimed as I sucked away.

After a few minutes he was hard again.

"Sit down mister," I commanded.

Todd got on his back on the bench and I took his cock in my hands and guided it into my slit. I rode him like a bronco as he rubbed and fondled my tits.

As we fucked in the pavilion I heard a voice cry out, "Fuck her buddy. Fuck her good."

I looked over and saw a homeless man in a raincoat stroking his cock as Todd and I fucked on the bench.

"Do you wanna touch my tits?" I asked.

The homeless guy said nothing but he walked over with his cock hanging out and he rubbed my tits. Todd was watching intently as this homeless guy felt my tits.

I took my free hands and started stroking the homeless guys cock. He jumped a little bit but got closer to me as I gave him a hand job. 

Todd tensed up and came inside of me again just as the homeless guys cock erupted all over the side of me and my hands.

He pulled away and stuffed his cock into his pants and said "Thanks lady."

Todd got a handkerchief out of his shorts and wiped the strangers cum off of me.

"That sure was fun," he said as we both got dressed.

"Yes it was. Same time tomorrow?" I asked.

"Fuck yes. Forget the run. Let's just find a place to fuck," Todd replied.

This is now my new routine. Every morning I get up at 6AM and dress for running. I meet Todd at the corner and we go to my backyard and end up in the pool house and fuck for about an hour. My husband looked out this morning and saw me on my knees naked with Todd's cock in my mouth. He came outside and dropped his trousers and entered me from behind. What a great way to start my day...