 "Oh son of a bitch!" I screamed as my car refused to start on a dark rainy evening.

"What's the matter Sue?" my co-worker Rich asked.

"It's my POS car. It won't start again."

"Let me take a look."

As Rich was checking out underneath my hood I was checking him out. 

Let me tell you something about Rick Hendrix. He's a tall muscular stud who makes the knees of every woman in the office quiver. He's kind of an enigma. We've never heard him talk about a wife, girlfriend or for that matter anything about himself.

"I'm thinking it's the starter. The battery looks good, and the connections are good so that's not the problem."

"I guess I'll call AAA and wait," I replied.

"In this shitty weather? I don't have any plans this evening so you can wait in my car."

"Are you sure? Don't you have anyone to go home to?"

"No. My fish take care of themselves."

I called AAA and was told that they were really busy so it would be at least an hour.

"Fuck!" I cried out as I hung up my phone.

"What's up?"

"I hope you don't mind waiting for an hour or so," I replied.

"No problem. Get in and we can put on some tunes and warm up."

Rich opened the door and I got in.

"What kind of music do you like?"

"I'm flexible."

"I love Pink Floyd's "The Wall". I hope you don't have issues with pot?"

"No not at all. Why did you ask?"

"Because I always toke whenever I hear Floyd."

"I'm game."

He put The Wall in his CD player and reached underneath his seat and pulled out a pipe.

"We don't wanna get overly lit before the tow truck gets here," he explained as he filled his pipe with cannabis.

Just as he was ready to lite it up a tow truck arrived.

"Holy shit that was a quick hour," I decreed.

"No it was only ten minutes."

We got out and I gave him all of my information and the car keys. I told him what garage to take it to and got back into Rich's car.

"Well that was disappointing," Rich exclaimed.

"Why do you say that?" I asked.

"We didn't have time to get lit up and party."

"I still need a ride home so there's no reason not to have a party."

He started his car and we drove towards a large gated community.

"I figure we can go to my neighborhood and get high. We don't have to worry about getting hassled here."

We parked by a lake and Rich lit up his pipe. We were taking turns taking hits on his pipe as we listened to Floyd's masterpiece.

I haven't gotten high since college, and one of the side effects that I remember was it made me hot and horny.

"This music is fucking awesome!" I commented as I sat up in the seat.

My short skirt was no longer covering my legs and thighs. I parted my legs and didn't even realize that my pink panties were clearly visible for Rich to see.

Rich was staring at my crotch and as I took a hit from his pipe I pulled my panties to the side flashing my pussy to him.

His face turned beet red and I laughed and stroked my swollen clit.

"On yes!" I moaned as I stroked myself to climax.

Rich leaned over and pulled my hand from my snatch and he licked my juices off my fingers. Our lips met and we were tongue kissing and he quickly unbuttoned my blouse.

"Sit up. I wanna take your bra off."

I obliged and Rich had my blouse and bra off releasing my pear shaped perky 34Bs. His left hand pinched and squeezed my erect nipples. 

"Kiss my tits!" I commanded.

He leaned over and took my left nipple in his mouth. He sucked on my nipple and bit them as his hands pulled my skirt and panties completely off.

I was buzzed and naked in a co-workers car and was waiting to see how big his package was. I stroked the bulge in his slacks and quickly unzipped and released his trouser monster.

"Sit back," I demanded. "I wanna take another hit then suck your cock."

I took another hit from his pipe then licked the gleaming pre-cum off his swollen member.

I quickly devoured his 8 inches and Rich moaned and squirmed in his seat.

"Holy shit Sue!" he screamed as he fucked my mouth.

He penetrated my wet waiting pussy with several fingers and pinched my clit as I sucked him off.

"Oh shit! I'm cumming!" he screamed and he exploded in my mouth filling me with warm white ropes of cum. "Let's hop in the back so I can lick your pussy." 

We jumped in back and he buried his head between my legs. His tongue was like sexy sandpaper and he brought me to climax in seconds.

"Yes! Yessss! Fuck yesss!" I screamed as I climaxed.

Rich got up, spread my legs apart and quickly guided his now hard cock inside of my wet cunt.

I wrapped my legs around him as he slowly fucked me. He pulled on my nipples as we fucked and I grabbed his ass and pulled him closer to me.

"Fuck me Rich. Fuck me fast and hard!" I screamed.

He took the hint and fucked me faster and faster. The sound of us fucking drowned out "Another Brick in the Wall".

"Mmmmm. Yes baby!" I screamed as I got ready for yet another massive orgasm.

"I'm gonna bust my nut!" Rich screamed as he came deep inside of me.

He collapsed on top of me and we relaxed and chilled out.

"That was awesome!" I decreed.

"Yes it was. I'm glad your car broke down or else this would have ever happened."

"You don't know for certain. I've wanted to hook up with you since you started," I replied.

"Well I guess we should get dressed and I'll take you home."

"No don't get dressed. I'm gonna suck your cock on the way home."

We got on the highway and I took his flaccid cock in my mouth and sucked him back to life. After a few minutes the car stopped.

"Oh shit Sue were in front of your house," he stated while I continued to deep throat him.

"Okay. Put your seat back and I'll mount you. I wanna fuck you again before I go in."

I mounted him and put my tits in his face as we fucked in my driveway. If my neighbors or husband looked outside they would have no doubt about what we were doing. His car was rocking and rolling as he pounded away.

Finally after a few minutes he let out a scream and I could feel him explode inside of me again.

I climbed off him and gave him a kiss on the lips. 

"Thanks for a nice ride home," I said as I got out of his car naked and walked into my house.

My husband Ed looked up from his laptop and laughed.

"I'm guessing that you got a free ride home?"

"You could say that," I replied as I dropped to my knees and gave my husband a blowjob letting him cum all over my face and tits.

Rich and I made a date every other Thursday we'd get high, listen to music and fuck like rabbits. And I'm still the only woman in the office who has done Rich. One of my co-workers Tammy said that she thinks he's gay because she tried to seduce him and he rejected her.

If only she knew the truth.