 Tom was sitting outside a Starbucks enjoying a mocha drink, taking in the fresh air in PA on a partly cloudy day, people watching, when he saw an older lady dressed very nicely come up to the door and go in. She was dressed so you could see her breasts fully exposed, almost as if it was on purpose.

She was in Starbucks for 5 minutes and came out and sat down at the table next to me with a drink.

"Hello, I'm Tom. Isn't it a nice day today. I could sit here for an hour and enjoy the weather and scenery."

"I'm Jo and it is very nice to meet you. It is a lovely day today."

Jo was tall, thin, short brown hair, blue eyes and overall sexy for a lady in her 60's. Tom was tall, thin, blue eyes, Gray hair and good looking for a man in his 60's.

"May I join you?" Tom asked

"Please do," Jo said motioning with her hand to sit.

As Tom got up to move to the next table to sit down he again noticed her breasts for all to see. They were cupcake size with beautiful brown areoles and erect nipples, a firm with no sag. Tom tried to avoid eye contact so she wouldn't know he noticed but he knew she knew by the smile on her face.

"I'm a computer analyst visiting a client in town, a very good one. I'm from Pittsburgh just here overnight," he said.

"I'm an artist," Jo said, "Mostly portraits but sometimes landscapes and nudes."

"I noticed you peeking at my breasts and I approve of you looking. I'm an exhibitionist and my husband not only endorses but encourages it," she said, "This has been going on since I was a teenager."

"That certainly answers a lot of questions for me," Tom explained. "I thought you were showing me things you didn't want to."

"Do you like what you see?" she said not sure of the answer.

"I like what I see very much," Tom replied. He could feel a stirring in his loins.

"Your nipples are very inviting and I could suck on them for a long time"

"So the fact that being small doesn't bother you at all," Jo said with excitement.

"Quite the contrary," Tom said. "Your nipples are more sensitive and I can put almost the whole breast in my mouth at once, which I understand is quite erotic."

"Have you studied this? She asked. "You're talking like an expert about this."

"All my life I've been a breast man," Tom said with authority, "all sizes and shapes."

Jo took a drink of her mocha, getting whip cream on her lip, while Tom took a drink of his, while he continued to feast his eyes on her breasts. He was debating in his mind if this was just a show or did she want to take this to the next level. He decided to ask her to his hotel room and see what happens.

"If you're interested Jo I'd be happy to demonstrate my techniques to you," he said, "My hotel is only a block away from here. I think you're quite attractive."

"Looking is okay, but not touching," she said.

"I'm sorry if I offended you," he said.

"Not at all, in fact, I'm flattered by your offer," she said being sorry.

Tom and Jo finished their mochas and talked a bit more before saying goodbye. Tom followed up again on his client and Jo went home to draw. Tom went out for an early dinner and prepared to go to bed early and get a good night's sleep when the phone rang.

"Hello, this is Tom, how may I help you?" he said with doubt in his mind.

"It's Jo Tom," she said in a soft tone. "I was wondering if I might not stop by and talk to you. I can be there in 15 minutes."

"Sounds good to me Jo, will see you in a few minutes."

Tom pondered what he was going to do about Jo. He was still dressed in business clothes, was nursing a Manhattan, and decided to go in for a quick shave. He would let her do the talking and let it play out.

About 20 minutes later there was a knock on the door which he answered right away.

"Good to see you again Jo"

"Good to see you, Tom"

"Please come in and have a seat," he said as he motioned her to sit down.

Jo was dressed very casually in shorts with a crew neck shirt and sandals. 

"Would you like a drink?" he asked.

"What are you drinking?" She asked.

"Manhattan"

"That's fine with me." 

Tom picked up the phone and ordered two of them.

"Let me explain why I came back to see you," she said. I talked this afternoon to my husband about what transpired today between us."

"Go ahead and explain. I'm all ears," he said.

"As you know I am an exhibitionist who was encouraged by my husband, in fact, he would insist so men would look at me. He got very excited by it and I'm sure it helped our sex life."

"He got that excited," he said.

"He would masturbate while asking me lots of questions, take pictures of the outfits I wore. It turned him on a lot."

"I never knew it could get you excited," he said very curiously.

"This has been going on for 40 years and I went along with it because of the marriage. He is gentle, kind, and a good provider," she said.

There was a knock on the door, probably the drinks, which it was. He handed Jo her drink and kept one for him, both taking sips.

"We talked at great length about your feelings as far as small breasts are concerned and came to the conclusion to give it a try."

"Why not just try it with your husband?" Tom asked.

"He wants a picture of us together," Jo said. "Here's a camera with a self-timer so we can take a picture and a small tripod."

"Part of the exhibitionism fetish?" Tom asked.

"Yes it is," said Jo. "This will excite him a lot. To see me with another man is new for him."

"Why now?" asked Tom.

"A question I can't answer. I'm curious as to what will happen to us. Will this be a turning point in my sex life or just another dead end?"

"I find it hard to believe that in all the years you've had sex not once have you ever had a full breast treatment."

Tom went over and gave Jo a biting on her ear lobe a couple of times followed by a deep kiss using his tongue which he swirled around in her mouth. He bit the other ear lobe followed by another deep kiss. His hand went underneath her shirt and he felt her bareback. It was smooth and very soft, giving him pleasure. He moved his hand up and down her shorts and felt her smooth fleshy buttocks.

He kissed her several times on her neck in different places which create a stir in her body, a shutter of things to come. With his hand on her bareback, he brought them around to her front and felt her breasts and nipples. Her large brown nipples were erect, stuck straight out at attention ready to be aroused. He felt the breast flesh along with the nipples and gently used his finger to circle the nipple over and over, making them erect with the motion.

Tom put Jo on the side of the bed and pulled the shirt over her head baring the beauties for him to see in all their glory. He helped her off with her shorts leaving her bikini pants on. Tom got up and undressed, went over to the table and got the two Manhattans for each of them. They touched glasses and each took a healthy sip of the strong drink.

Tom got his pocket knife out of his pants pulled the blade out in front of Jo who had no idea what he was up to.

"What are you doing Tom?" Jo asked.

"I want to make the hole a little bigger in the cherry where the stem is."

Jo was going o say something but decided to be quiet and see what Tom was up to. He took the stem from each cherry and then twisted the knife blade to make the hole larger. When he was satisfied that the hole was big enough he gently pushed Jo to the bed making sure the pillow was underneath her head.

He took each cherry and put it over her nipple so it would stay without any help. While they were in a vertical position he proceeded to lean over to each breast and carefully bite the cherry off making sure to bite on the nipple as well the cherry. After he bit both cherries off he gently licked each breast to clean off the liquor which made the nipple even more sensitive than they already were. The veined cupcakes were now sensitive to his licking, sucking, and biting. Next Tom opened his mouth and pushed in as much of the breast as he could and began to use his tongue on the breast flesh and the nipple which stirred her clit in her pussy, also making her wet with her juices. There was a small wet patch on her bikini panties and Tom could smell the musky odor of her juices.

He continued to lick and bite her breast and nipple trying to take in all of it in her mouth. They were too big for that but he got a lot of it in his mouth. Jo moaned with pleasure as he continued his attack on the breast. When he took it out of his mouth it was covered in his saliva. As he licked it off Jo could feel the roughness of his tongue which created more of a stir in her pussy. He went to the other breast and began to do the same thing. While his mouth was working on the breast he was gently kneading the other breast and nipple with his hand. 

The constant attention of Tom was making her squirm with passion, even more, wet than before. The wet spot had expanded more on her panties and her pussy was now sopping wet with juices. Her nipples were beginning to ache with delight and they were getting puffy.

"Suck on them, bite them," she said.

"I will, I will," he said

"It feels so good to have them played with," she said with an aroused voice. "I am so horny right now."

"By the time I get done you'll be begging me to stop and I won't," Tom said.

Tom began to knead the breast flesh in a circular motion and bit down hard on the nipples pulling them with his teeth creating more electricity in her clitoris. Her nipples were on fire from the attention they were getting and became even more sensitive to his biting. She was moaning with pleasure. Her nipples hurt from the pain but ached with pleasure if that was possible.

Jo was begging for Tom to put his cock in her pussy and make her cum over and over again but that wasn't in the cards, at least not for now. 

Tom mounted her on the stomach with his hard erect rod. He pushed them together as much as he could, wrapping them around his throbbing cock and began moving his cock back and forth, he was fucking them.

"No one has ever done that o me before," she said. "It feels so good on my breasts. Fuck them hard for me Tom"

"My cock feels so good between your breasts, so good," he said.

Jo got the head of his cock and began to suck all of the precum out of it and continued sucking on it. Tom would have none of that. He was going to tease her some more and then cum all over them.

Tom released her breasts and rubbed the cockhead over the engorged nipples making them even more sensitive if that was possible. The nipples were hard like little rocks waiting to burst from all of the blood in them.

"Stop, please stop," she cried. "I can't take it anymore."

Tom stopped for a minute and rubbed on her breast flesh on the first one and then the other relentless in the attention he was giving them. He pulled his cock back and began to suck on he nipples again sending shivers through her body. She had never cum with breast play but she was going to for the very first time.

"I'm cumming for you, Tom. I'm cumming," said Jo. "It's so fucking good."

Tom wrapped his cock back around her titties and began to move back and forth, surrounding it with breast flesh. He knew he was going to explode all over her but he wasn't quite ready. He continued to bury his cock in her breast flesh and groaned with pleasure. These were beautiful breasts to fuck. He knew he could very easily getting use to these perky cupcakes.

"Cum for me Tom, cum on my titties," she said.

Tom felt that he was ready to spurt. A couple more thrusts and he would explode. He pulled his cock out and pointed it at her breasts. Rope after rope of cum came out of his cock drenching her titties with cum. She had it on her neck, nipples, and breasts.

Jo got up and grabbed the camera, handed it to Tom, who snapped a couple of pictures of her chest, and then set it down on the dresser, aimed it and ran into the picture holding her, getting cum on his chest, and kissed her before collapsing next to her. Both of them were very satisfied with their climaxes. Each of them took the last sip of their drinks and went to sleep.

At about 4 AM Tom woke up to use the bathroom. Jo woke up from the movement and waited for him to come back. When he did she grabbed him and kissed him hard as she ground her pussy into him. Almost instantly his cock began to stir. He could feel a little bit of wetness from her pussy. He knew that she wanted a good fucking and that is what he was going to do. He grabbed her ass and held her very tight letting nature do its thing.

It didn't take long for his cock to grow to where he could put it in her pussy. With her wetness it slid in easily and was deep in her pussy and then moving it back and forth. Instead of the mattress, he put his hands on her breasts which felt a lot better than a mattress.

Several minutes of thrusting went on and Jo was getting wetter and hornier. Tom pulled his cock out, had Jo sit on his cock and let her cowgirl ride him, which she enjoyed doing, something her husband never did. Jo was in control of her climax as she could ride and move the way she wanted. 

Jo quickened her pace moving up and down faster. Tom just laid there and enjoyed the fucking, letting Jo do all of the work. Jo felt Tom's cock grow in length as he was able to drive it even further into her pussy. While she was tight it still moved easily because she was so wet with her juices.

"I'm cumming Tom, I'm cumming for you," Jo said in passion.

Jo shuttered and had her climax feeling so much better. Tom was also ready to cum and he did filling her full of semen. Both of them fell back onto the bed in exhaustion and went back to sleep.

In the morning Jo decided that the breast play was the way to go and Tom agreed.