 I'm Slutty Sue and as I've said before I'm a complete slut.

If you've read any of my stories you know that I spend a lot of my time on my back with a hard cock either between my legs or in my mouth.

I've worked for the same company for 10 years and recently got transferred to another office about 40 miles from home.

Since we were entrenched in town, my husband Ed and I decided that I'd commute to my new office everyday. 

I was driving a 5 year car and I knew that it was just a matter of time that I'd need to replace it. I determined that I'd be putting 400 miles on it a week so it would be only a matter of time before the car would die.

I was 100% correct. After about 2 months my car died on the side of the interstate and I was quite thankful that I had AAA. I called for a tow truck and waited for about a half an hour until it showed up.

"Hi miss. What seems to be the problem?" the driver asked.

"All of a sudden my check engine light came on and it just shut off. I was able to coast to the side of the road," I replied.

The tow truck driver popped the hood and fiddled around with the spark plug wires and air filter.

"Sorry. There's nothing I can do here. I'll need to tow you to a garage in Watsonville to let a mechanic look at it."

"Okay. Can I ride with you?" I asked.

"Sure. Hop in."

I got in the cab and the driver loaded my car on the truck and we took off. The driver was dirty and older than my father and he had country music blaring on the radio.

We didn't speak the entire time and we arrived to a small garage in the equally small town of Watsonville.

"Hey Chip what do ya have?" the young mechanic asked the tow truck driver.

"Not sure. She said the car just stopped running. The plugs seem to be okay and I didn't see anything wrong with the fuel line."

"Okay thanks," he said. "Hi miss I'm Mike and welcome to the thriving metropolis of Watsonville."

"Thanks. I'm Sue," I replied. "I hope you can fix it."

"I'll do my best. If you'd like we have a small lounge with a TV and a vending machines. Take a rest while I check out your car."

"Thanks."

I walked over to the lounge. It looked like they took an old service bay and painted it and put in a dingy couch and a TV with a soda machine and a snack vending machine.

I got a diet soda and called my office to give them an update. 

"Hi Brenda. I'm finally at a garage, but I really doubt I'll make it in today," I explained to my administrative assistant.

"No problem Sue. There isn't much going on anyway," Brenda replied.

I sat back and watched some trash talk show. It was complete garbage and after a few minutes I dozed off.

"Excuse me Sue! I'm sorry to interrupt your nap."

"Oh sorry. I can't believe I dozed off. Do you have a diagnosis?"

"Yes and it isn't cheap. Your head gasket blew and you dropped all of your oil. I can get it done by early tomorrow but it'll cost you about $800.00."

"Oh fuck!" I replied. "Oh I'm sorry I shouldn't have said that."

Mike chuckled and said, "No problem. If you want to spend the night there's a Motel 6 just down the street. I can start right away and get it done in the morning."

"Okay go ahead. I'll going to get a room and I'll be back in an hour or so just to check in."

"Okay see you later."

I walked the 2 blocks to the Motel 6 and thankfully they had a room. I went to my room and called the office then my husband Ed. I was debating about how I was going to pay for my repairs when a naughty idea hit me.

I got to thinking...I wonder if I'll get a discount if I suck his cock? I decided to give it a go. I took off my bra and decided to walk back to the garage. I knew he closed at 6PM and maybe I could get some after hours work done.

I walked into the garage about 5 minutes before closing and Mike was hard at work on my deceased car.

"Hows it going?"

"I'm getting there. I'm going to stay late because I need all the time I can get to finish by morning. Excuse me a minute, I need to lock the front door."

As Mike walked to the front door I unbuttoned the top 3 buttons of my blouse. I stood near a window so the the back lighting would silhouette my 34Bs.

"You can stay if you'd.." was all he got out as he reentered the garage bay and he saw me standing there.

"I can help anyway you'd like," I stated.

"You already have."

I stood next to him and watched as he had my engine pretty much apart.

"Can you get me that wrench?" Mike asked.

"Sure," I replied and I was certain to bend over and give him a nice view of my perky pert tits. "Is it me or is it really hot in here?" I asked.

"Yes it is. The A/C automatically shuts off at closing time."

"Well I'm roasting," I replied as I unbuttoned my blouse completely. Beads of sweat were running down my back and in my cleavage as I leaned over looking into the engine compartment to give Mike a nice view.

"Holy shit!" he stated.

"I think you need a little break," I replied. "I'm willing to do ANYTHING to get a discount on the repairs."

"Well..." was all he said as he leaned over and kissed me on the lips.

Our lips touched and I instinctively opened my mouth and our tongues were soon dancing in our mouths.

His oil covered hands were all over my bare sweaty breasts and he pinched my firm erect nipples.

"Oh yes!" I moaned as he worked his hands up my dress and towards my crotch.

He pulled my panties off and i quickly slipped my dress off leaving me naked in a dirty garage.

"Get ready I'm gonna plow you but good," he stated as he slipped off his jeans. His cock was standing at attention and he was pretty well endowed between the legs.

He spread my legs and quickly entered my waiting cunt.

I wrapped my legs around him as he did his thing, fucking me faster and faster. My tits were bouncing up and down with each thrust and I rubbed my swollen clit as he fucked me.

I could tell that he wasn't overly experienced in the art of making love because there was no foreplay, just fucking.

"I'm cumming!" he screamed and he unloaded inside of me. He seemed to cum for several minutes until he pulled out with cum still covering his deflating cock.

"Let me clean you off," I stated as I leaned over and sucked his cock. "You haven't been with many women before have you?" I asked.

"No I haven't. How'd you know?"

"Well there was no foreplay, just a slam bam thank you mam. If I show you how to satisfy a woman will you give me a break on the repairs?"

"I think we can work something out."

"Well the first thing is I'm going to show you how to make a woman cum."

I took his hands and placed them on my swollen clit. 

"Okay rub here."

He rubbed my clit and had me close to climax in no time.

"Oh shit! Now get between my legs and kiss my pussy where you were rubbing it!" I commanded.

He followed my instructions and buried his head in my crotch.

"Lick it like an ice cream cone!" I moaned. I grabbed his hands and placed them in my breasts. "Squeeze my nipples!" I screamed as he brought me close to a massive orgasm.

My legs were wrapped tightly around his head as he went to town on my cunt.

"Fuck!!" I screamed. "Yes that's it, Oh yes I'm cumming!" I screamed as I had another massive almost out of body experience orgasm.

I was shaking and convulsing as I climaxed and I was wondering if Mike wondered if i was alright.

"That was amazing!" I moaned. "Come here I wanna suck your cock."

Mike got on top of me and guided his rock hard cock in my mouth.

"Mmmmmm!" I moaned as I gave him a proper blowjob. 

I rubbed his balls as I sucked him off and Mike grabbed the back of my head almost making me gag on his cock.

His hands found my tits as I had all of his 7 1/2 inches in my mouth.

"Oh yeah! I'm gonna cum!" he screamed as he exploded in my mouth.

Mike collapsed on the hood of my car and I grabbed a rags and wiped his excess cum off the side of my face.

"How soon till you're ready to go again?" I asked.

"I'm not really sure."

"Why don't you go back to work and I'll do whatever I can to get you hard again...then you can fuck me again."

Mike got on the crawler and got underneath my car. I got on my stomach between his legs and took his flaccid cock in my mouth.

Mike worked on my head gasket as I gave him head. After a few minutes of sucking he was hard again. I pulled the crawler out from under the car and I got on top of him and lowered myself on his hard cock.

I put my tits in his face and pulled his head closer to my boobs as I rode him like a bucking bronco.

"Suck on my tits!" I screamed as we fucked.

He slapped my ass as we fucked and he bit my nipples bringing me to another orgasm.

As my vaginal muscles latched onto his cock like a vice grip he tensed up and screamed as he came for the second time in my pussy.

"Oh shit that was awesome. I need a shower," Mike explained.

"Yes it seem you're a natural when it comes to eating pussy."

"Yeah that was the first time I've ever done it. I tried it once with my old girlfriend and she said it was gross so I never got to really do it."

"Well I'm glad you liked it. How about a discount on my repairs?"

"Tell you what. If you spend the night with me at my place I'll only charge you for parts. $150.00."

"I just hope you can keep up with me," I replied.

I went with this young mechanic and we spent the entire night in bed. I climaxed dozens of times and at daybreak when he came for the last time he barely had any cum shoot out of his cock.

I showered and got dressed and he had me on my way in an hour.

"Next time I need a lube job I'll be sure to stop here and let you lube me between the legs," I joked as I drove out of the garage bay.

I soon made a point of stopping about once a month for 'service' with a smile. We'd go into the office for a quickie and he turned out to be an excellent lover. I learned to enjoy my commutes thanks to my mechanic and new lover.