 Let me start by saying that I have a smaller than average cock, almost five inches when fully erect and about as big around as a half-dollar. I've often wished it was a little bigger, but it had never been a big deal to me until fairly recently when I began to realize what a disadvantage I was at.

I am 28 years old and have been married for four years now to Jill, a wonderful, sexy woman with a great figure (36D-28-34), who stands only 5'1" in her socks. We have always had what I would call an average sex life, making love once or twice a week, though sometimes a little less often. I am usually the one in the relationship who initiates sex but Jill seems to enjoy it too, though she never gets vocal or loses control. She has always told me that she has orgasms though sometimes I can't tell.

The reason I am writing is that a couple of weeks ago I found a pair of Jill's panties (she always wears very sexy underwear) in her gym bag when I was looking for my car keys. I happened to notice that they were especially soiled, looking like quite a bit of semen had been deposited on them. At the time, this struck me as a little odd, because we hadn't had sex in over a week, and I couldn't understand why she would leave her dirty panties in the bag for so long.

I didn't think much of it until I noticed the same thing about a week later (we still hadn't had sex). I also should mention that I never produce much ejaculate-it usually just oozes some out when I cum. Because of this, there's never much of a mess to clean up and one swipe of a washcloth takes care of Jill's pussy. I didn't say anything to Jill, but after finding semen-stained panties for the second time, I resolved to stay quiet but to keep my eyes open.

That night I was feeling especially horny, and soon I was pumping in and out of Jill's familiar pussy for all I was worth. However, I noticed, to my great surprise and concern, that Jill's pussy just didn't feel the same way. To go along with her great figure and small size (except for her amazing breasts!), Jill had been blessed with a very tight pussy. She was a virgin when I married her and I was nearly so, though I had had enough experience to know that what she had was quite special. The girls I had fucked previously had easily accommodated my penis and felt even a little loose with me in them. We had had to adjust by having them put their legs closer together when I was in to create enough friction for us. Jill's pussy always felt great, nicely lubricated and quite tight even with her legs spread wide and after I had been reamed her out for quite a while.

On this particular night, however, I was disturbed to realize that Jill's pussy had somehow stretched so that I was not getting the same stimulation and feeling as I usually received. With these thoughts whirling around in my head, I looked at Jill and noticed that she looked a little bored, staring at the wall behind me as if she were not really involved in what we were doing. Despite the distractions and the diminished sensations, I quickly felt my orgasm rising and with a few more strokes pumped my small wad into her as best I could. We both went to sleep and I didn't say anything to her the next day about it, but I resolved to see if I could find out what she was doing to cause such a change in the way her pussy felt.

My wait was not long. The following week, a client called to cancel out meeting and I had the rest of the day free. I decided to go home early to surprise Jill. When I got home, though, I noticed a strange car in the driveway. I parked around the corner and quickly let myself in through the back door. As I walked back to our bedroom, I heard sounds of laughter and movement. Still not certain about what I was about to see, I hesitated and slowly moved toward the open doorway of our bedroom.

Nothing could have prepared me for what I saw - spread-eagled on the bed with a sheen of sweat on her naked body and a look of animal lust on her face was my beautiful wife Jill, getting the fuck of her life from a young, well-muscled young man who was standing at the end of the bed and slamming into her delicate pussy with long, deliberate thrusts.

I felt my heart stop and sink and was transfixed like a bug by the scene playing out in front of me. Because of the location of the bed, I was able to watch from the doorway but was out of their immediate lines of sight. Jill had her eyes clenched shut with her impending orgasm and the young stud was turned mostly away from me so that I could only see his back and a huge pair of balls slapping against her ass with each stroke. This mesmerizing scene went on for several minutes. I found myself amazed at his stamina and unnerved too by my wife's loud grunts at each stroke.

After a while, the stud reached down and pulled Jill back closer to the edge of the bed because his powerful thrusts had pushed her back toward the headboard. In their repositioning, they shifted over toward the side of the bed, and I was then able to see what an amazing tool Jill's lover was using. Slamming in and out of her was a monstrous prick, at least 9 inches long and as big around as my wrist.

I couldn't believe my eyes and almost gave myself away with a sharp intake of breath. They were too wrapped up in what they were doing to notice, though, and I watched intently as I saw pink flashes of the inside lips of Jill's pussy being forced out with each backstroke and disappearing again as he thrust back in. It looked as though she was really being stretched to the limit for the first time in her life and was really loving it.

Through all of this, I found that I had an erection that felt harder than it ever had, watching my beautiful wife getting a great fuck by this young stud. Finally, I sensed that they were coming to an end. Jill had had countless orgasms-real orgasms, I could tell, for the first time, nothing like what she had with me-but the stud had maintained his control and not yet lost his nut.

Although I had never experienced any homosexual urges, I couldn't help but be amazed at his staying power and the size of his cock and wonder what his orgasm would be like. With a few more gigantic thrusts, he was ready to blow his wad, but instead of shooting into her hot pussy, he pulled out at the last second and began blasting huge streams of sticky cum all over her body.

I watched in fascination as the jets of cum criss-crossed one another up and down her body, from her hair all the way down to her mound, which was topped with a sparse patch of pubic hair. Never in my life had I imagined that so much semen could be stored in one pair of balls. Still keeping her eyes closed in post-orgasmic bliss and, I imagined, exhaustion, Jill smiled as she greedily rubbed the cum all over her body and then bent down to suck his cock clean.

I slipped off quietly to think about what I had witnessed and my own aroused response to this scene that should have caused me great hurt and jealousy. With some thought, I realized that I felt some pain from Jill's betrayal, but I mostly felt excited about what I had seen. I realized then that I got off on watching that magnificent cock plunge in and out of Jill's pussy and would do anything to get to see that again.

To Be Continued...