 Abby sat in the crowded bar quite literally crying into her beer. Well her white wine to be more specific. Her third glass for a woman that only drank one socially. After five years, five long years in a relationship with Stuart it was over. Just like that. Over because he wanted to be polyamorous, he said. In plain Texan, he wanted to screw her and the woman that he had been telling her was 'just a friend' for months. He might call her old-fashioned, hung-up and judgmental but in her opinion he was just a spoilt little boy that needed to grow up. 

"But dat ain't my problem no more," she slurred slightly as she raised her glass to empty air. A bit of wine sloshed over the side and onto the table. She giggled, looking around to make sure no one had noticed.

Then her hand was covered in a larger one. A rougher and more masculine one. He moved her hand so that she slowly lowered the glass to the table. She looked up into the deepest, most soulful brown eyes. His skin too was a soft brown. She was not quite certain Native American or Latino. Until he opened his mouth, "I think you have had enough, pretty lady."

"Who says?" she hated that the words sounded like a petulant four year old even as they came out of her mouth. 

He pried the glass from her finger tips and passed it off to a waitress at the next table. "I do and the Great State of Texas would hold me as the owner of this dump responsible if you drunk and drove tonight."

"Injun Joe?" she slurred as her eyes widened a bit. "I thought you was just a legend."

He laughed then and the lilting sound caressed her skin like a soft silk glove. "He was and no, I am his grandson Jack. Andrew Jackson Greywolf at your service, ma'am. And you are?" He said as he took her hand and brought it slowly to his lips, caressing the back of her knuckles with his soft lips.

She frowned. Maybe the alcohol had gotten to her but her memory of American history did not jive with his name, "Wait a minute, but I thought..."

He nodded his dark head and smiled, "The old man had a sense of humor so when his only child, my mother, had me he thought it would be ironic to name me after the President responsible for the Indian Removal Act of 1830. But I guess I am lucky. It could be worse. I could be George Armstrong Custer," he chuckled.

Abby giggled, that drunken sort of nervous giggle. She covered her mouth in embarrassment. 

"Can I buy you a cup of black coffee? Call you a cab?" He frowned as he looked at the other end of the bar. "I see Chet is in here tonight so I guess that idea is out."

Abby cursed small town Texas life with only one part-time taxi and where everyone knew your business. She supposed half the town of Sebida knew by now that her engagement was off. Damn them, damn them all. If only she had not quit her job and came back here to take care of Nana in her final days. 

She sighed; she would not have had it any other way. She owed the old woman that much for taking her in when her parents split up. And the truth was that she would not have traded those final six months with her grandmother for a dozen Stuarts. 

But her absence had left the door open for that other woman. No denying that. She fought back tears as they blurred her vision. She had forgotten that alcohol did that to her. It always made her cry in the end. "Damnation," she used the old-fashioned curse that her grandmother always favored...when it was absolutely necessary for a proper lady to do such things. 

The man burst out in laughter as he turned to the waitress and whispered something for a moment. Abby considered her options. Nana's old Chevy was parked outside. It was late on a Tuesday night so chances were good that she could drive home, real slow, and not pass another single car on the road. But guilt ate at her. What he said was true: he and this place would be liable if she got into an accident. More importantly, she knew better. Even if the risks were small, she had no right to selfishly take them. Not with her life and especially not with other people's.

She picked up her purse and dug in it for a couple of moments. She found a five dollar bill and placed it under the flower for the waitress's tip. She stood up, but the room spun about her. Strong hands reached out to steady her. "Thank you," she stuttered embarrassed once more. That strong hand guided her towards the heavy dark wooden double doors. 

This had been a bad idea she thought as everything swam around her. A very bad idea, she shivered as if someone had walked on her grave as Nana would have said. She fought off the feeling, dismissed it as pure superstition, as they emerged into the well-lit parking lot outside the town's one house of ill-repute as Nana and her church lady friends called it.

"Which car is yours?" asked that deep voice from somewhere far away. Abby fought through the fog that threatened to overtake her as she looked around the parking lot. It was a good thing that there were only a handful of cars on a Tuesday night, the die-hards and the drunks. She pointed towards the classic blue-green nineteen-fifty-seven Chevy parked directly under the bright lights. 

Everyone in town knew that car as well as they knew its owner. Miss Myrtle had been an institution in this town for three-quarters of a century. A throw back to another, gentler time. All that was left of that legacy now was the car, a rundown old ranch on the outskirts of town and her. Not much to show for a lifetime, she supposed, but more of a mark than most people left in this world. 

She turned proudly back towards the man next to her. But his face was frozen like an ancient ceremonial mask. He appeared angry. Enraged. But that was not possible. Why would anyone react like that? Everyone here loved Miss Myrtle. 

She shook her head in confusion. It was a bad choice as the world spun faster and faster about her. She clutched at the man's arm even as she wanted to push away from the anger she had seen there. Then darkness engulfed her.

***

"Damn it," Jack cursed as he scoped the unconscious woman into his arms. He first turned towards his truck parked behind the bar. But then he thought better of it. Leaving THAT car in the parking lot of his bar was disastrous. There was a good chance that no one else in the dark bar recognized the young woman, knew who she was. 

But that car...everyone in this whole damned town knew Miss Myrtle's car. Which meant the tiny little forlorn and drunk thing in his arms could only be Miss Myrtle's beloved grand-daughter, the one that ran off to the city to go to college and only came home when her Nana was dying. 

Which was more than the prejudiced and sanctimonious old bat deserved in his opinion. A part of him wanted to give the girl kudos for having the sense to leave this hell hole. But like him, she had come running back the moment that her Nana called. 

That angered him too. She had had time to make her peace with the woman, with whatever sins sent her scurrying like a frightened mouse from this place. He had never gotten that with his grandfather. The man was too stubborn to ask for help even to the end. A fucking chaplain had informed him of his grandfather's death...when he had gotten back from a mission. The man had been dead and buried for two months before his only living relative found out. It was a risk that every SEAL took, just part of the job. But somehow it had never seemed real to him...the only person he cared about was the Old Man and like the Native American deity for which he nicknamed his grandfather...he seemed immortal. 

But he wasn't. And always it came down to her. That woman. All his life Jack had stood by and watched helplessly as that woman jerked his grandfather's string. This dynamic and powerful force that built one of the first Indian casinos in the country, that took in and raised an angry young man to become a star athlete and scholar, that spoke eloquently for the rights of his people had just one weakness. A woman. A woman that he had loved for half a century. A woman that was too proud to acknowledge the passion that they had shared. A small, self-righteous, pious and prejudiced woman that had ruled this town for most of her life. And like the fool he was, his grandfather had followed her...straight to the grave. 

Rage had been building inside of Jack since he came back and learned the truth of his grandfather's death. He wanted to expose the whole damned tawdry thing to the town. Except that he couldn't, he had no proof of the illicit affair that had ruled the man he loved for almost his whole life. Thirty years of passionate assignations and there was not a single love note, photograph or any other proof. His grandfather had been her dirty little secret and what angered Jack the most was that the man took it, accepted the crumbs of affection she tossed to the lowly Indian. It went against everything the man he knew stood for. 

Why? Jack had asked himself that same question a million times since he found out the truth when he was thirteen. He even asked the Old Man a couple of times. But his shrugged shoulders and explanation that she would come around one day never satisfied Jack. She never had come around either. She had died and taken her dirty little secret to the grave...then the Old Fool followed her within two months. A previously healthy man had mourned himself to death...over a woman that would never acknowledge him to this town.

Jack turned towards that car. He wanted to drive the damned car over a cliff somewhere and watch it explode like in the movies. He wanted to destroy all that that woman held dear. And he had begun that plan already. He had bought the loan note that the local bank held on her ranch, although it could hardly be called that anymore. Just a dried up few acres of scrub and a homestead that was showing its age was all that was left of her father, the Judge's legacy. 

And the tiny scrap of humanity that he held in his arms. He must not forget her. Abigail Monroe Whatever-her-mama's-married-name-was, not that it mattered in this town. All that mattered was that she had been born a Monroe, the last of a proud heritage that traced its history back to the founding of this great state. A great-grand-daughter of the Alamo...and the Confederacy. 

And drunker than Kooter Brown as they would say around these parts. What did the princess have to be so fucking worried about? He had not called the note yet. He was giving her time to get settled again before he yanked that rug out from under her. He had done enough research to know that there was no way that she could afford to pay it off. And if she was counting on that fiancée of hers to help out, to save the old family homestead then she was in for another surprise. Not only was the man cheating with another woman but he was broke. In debt up to his eyeballs. No, he had her right where he wanted her. 

He frowned as he leaned her insignificant weight against the side of the car. He fumbled around in her purse looking for the keys. She really was tiny, just like her grandmother had been. Passed out as she was, she had the appearance more of a young teen with her strawberry blonde hair falling across her freckled face. She had that same delicate pink rosebud mouth too. He wondered if it could have the same stubborn set when riled up. 

This was not part of his plan. Seeing her as human...a woman. It would not change anything of course. He was still going to do what he came to this town to do. Break that family and expose them for the hypocrites they were. He had the power to take the only thing they had left of their fortune...that dirt ranch. 

If only he had found some shred of evidence of Miss Myrtle's duplicity. The pious mayor, church deaconess, and school principal carrying on an illicit affair with Injun Joe...the black sheep bar keep...for over thirty years. Longer than this one had been alive even. But he was not giving up. He knew that those letters and poems had to be somewhere. He had watched the Old Man write enough of them. 

He placed this one delicately upon the big back seat of the car. He had to admit one thing...they did not make cars like they used to. He ran his hand across the crisp leather seat as he arranged her on her side, her delicate hand under her cheek. She stirred a bit, rubbing seductively against him. He cursed his body's natural reaction. 

It was another reminder of what this little episode in futility was going to cost him. He had only one more month to get married, a year to provide an heir or his grandfather's legacy went to Native American causes. A part of him could not give a damn if that old bar and the rundown trailer out back were sold and the proceeds donated to charity. But it was home. The only home that he could remember. 

And after twenty years roaming most of this fucked up world fighting battles that were not even his own, wars in places that the people of Sebida had never even heard about, he was tired. He needed to come home. Hell, if it wasn't for that damned tomahawk of the deadline in his grandfather's will hanging over his head, he even wanted to settle down. Get married, have a couple of kids, raise some horses in this dusty hill country town that had meant so much to the Old Man; that was his own roots. 

Problem was that the types of women he knew were not the marrying kind. Oh, they would be happy enough to marry if they saw the zeros on his bank account, but they were more interested in partying and shopping than being mothers, having and raising babies. For motherless young man, he craved that the stability that home was supposed to mean. He wanted what that woman had denied his grandfather for a lifetime...a loving wife at his side. 

He slammed the door. She turned a bit in her sleep but settled back down as he got behind the wheel of the car. He knew the way to that place by heart. How many times had he sat slumped over a book as the Old Man drove there? How many hours had he waited in the cab of his grandfather's truck? Even when he had discovered the truth...that it was not horse trading the Old Man was doing with Miss Myrtle. 

He had been fifteen when this little slip of humanity came to stay with her grandmother. He doubted that she would remember it but he and his grandfather had spent the morning put up an old wooden swing from the big oak tree in the front yard for her. Then the Old Man had looked at Jack meaningfully and told him to push the little girl while he 'talked' with Miss Myrtle. They were doing lots more than talking of course.

Jack had been resentfully pushing the four year old as she gleefully yelled 'higher, higher' but her tiny screams were soon drowned out by adult ones from the house. His grandfather had come storming out of the house and told Jack to get in the truck. They had driven back to the bar in silence. It was the only time in his life that Jack remembered seeing his grandfather touch the white man's 'fire water' that had destroyed his mother's life. He had thought that perhaps the Old Man had come to his sense, was done being that woman's dirty little secret. And for a few months he had stayed away. Then he began to sneak away occasionally alone this time. As if he too had something to hide even from his grandson. Jack never confronted him, never told him that he knew the truth. A couple of years later when he finished high school, he signed up for the Navy and left Sebida. 

He thought for good. But he was back. Back in this place. He looked up as he turned off the deserted county road onto the dirt one that would take him to the ranch. The holes in the road were getting deeper with each season's rain. That could not be good for an old car like this. He drove as carefully as he could, missing the worst of them. He swallowed hard as they came out of the tree lined stretch of road that led to the house. 

There it stood. The old oak tree. As dry as these parts could get, it existence was practically a miracle in itself. Mesquite was much more common than oak around these parts. But somehow, despite the rocky soil and dry weather, this old tree had found a way to take root and grow. To survive it all for over a hundred years, pushing two now. 

Even more shocking, hanging from that tree was the weathered piece of wood dangling from two rioting pieces of rope. The swing that he and his grandfather had put up that day for her. Jack swallowed hard past the lump in his throat and asked the question that had plagued him a lifetime..."Why, Old Man?"