 ***Do not post this story or any others by this author at any other site without the consent of this author. All you have to do is ask nicely.

* * * * *

She couldn't believe it. She still couldn't believe it was happening even though she was sitting bound to the chair with him standing before her. She wanted him, but she would let him fulfill his fantasy this time.

When she arrived at the room, she knocked at the door. He answered it immediately and stepped aside, ushering her into the room. Once inside, he pulled her into his arms and kissed her, their tongues dancing with each other. Their hands roamed over one another's bodies, exploring fully for the first time.

She traced her hand softly over his jaw, her fingers featherlike against his skin. As their kiss ignited their passions, she began to clutch at him. Her hands moving over his arms and back. She pulled him into her, wanting to feel his body against hers.

Backing him gently to the bed she told him in a soft voice, "Sit, baby." Slowly she backed away from him, her eyes locked with his. Stopping a few feet away from him, she reached down to take hold of the edge of her shirt. Pulling it slowly over her head, her hair fell softly around her shoulders

Next she unbuttoned her jeans and slid the zipper down. Moving her hands to her hips, she pushed the jeans down her legs until she could step out of them. With her foot, she gently kicked them away from her body.

Standing before him now in a black and purple lace bra and black lace panties, she watched him. Her eyes never leaving his face as he watched every move she made. Smiling at him, she reached back behind her back to unhook her bra. Sliding the straps down over her shoulders and down her arms, she let the bra drop to the floor. The cool air caused her nipples to harden.

Next she slid the black panties down, just barely exposing the top of her dark mat. Looking at him, she smiled, and then ran her tongue over her lips, before sliding the panties the rest of the way down her legs. She then kicked them aside to join her other clothes.

As she watched his, his hand slid down the front of his jeans and he began caressing himself. She crossed the room to stand in front of him, reaching down to touch his face. She caressed his face softly, and then let her hand drop to the underside of his chin. Tipping his face up toward her, she bent slightly and kissed his lips.

As the kissed ended, he stood up. Reaching out, she lifted his shirt over his head, as her head leaned in to kiss the center of his chest. Her tongue slid out and she tasted his skin. Her silky tongue slid over him to his nipple, which she quickly sucked into her mouth. Her hands sliding like liquid over his shoulders, down his back until they finally rested on his hips. Soon he felt them at the front of his jeans, working at his zipper. Carefully she slid the zipper down over his already hardening cock.

Sliding the jeans down over his hips, her tongue sliding down over his chest to his stomach, caressing him. As his jeans slid to the floor around his feet, she knelt in front of him. Silky soft hands sliding up and down the calves of his legs. He felt her warm breath just before her tongue flicked across the head of his cock. A soft moan coming from him as he waited for her next move.

Her mouth opened just enough to take him in. Moving him in and out of her moist mouth, she felt him getting harder with each stroke. With a few more strokes of her lips and mouth around his cock, she stopped. "Not yet, baby," she whispered, looking up at him.

Getting to her feet, she backed him to the bed once again. Before stepping away from him again, she brushed her lips against his, her tongue darting out to run along his lower lip.

Watching intently, he watched as she slid her hands up to cup her full tits. Pushing them together, she squeezed and kneaded them until the nipples hardened. Her right hand then slid up over her tit toward her mouth. She inserted her middle finger in her mouth, wetting it. Then she slid it down over her body, down her stomach and finally across the dark, triangular patch of hair that covered her pussy.

Sliding her hand down, she shifted her feet slightly, opening her legs. Slipping her finger into the dark mat of pussy hair, she moved it back and forth over her clit as she watched his face.

He wanted to be the one touching her and he knew that he soon would be. But first, he would tease her just as she was teasing him. Rising off the bed, he came to her and gathered her in his arms. Kissing her hard on the mouth as his cock throbbed against her stomach.

Before she arrived, he had set a straight-backed chair in the corner of the room. Now, he took hold of her hand and led her to the chair. "Sit," he told her gently.

She waited patiently as he bound her feet to the legs of the chair. Legs parted, the inside of her cunt exposed slightly, the pink inside glistening wetly.

Moving behind her, he bound her hands. Pulling her hands down behind the chair, he tied the other end of the rope to the rung under the chair. Her body was arched now; her tits jutting upward. Once he finished binding her to the chair, he stepped back and surveyed at his handiwork. She wasn't able to move. Knowing this, he reached out and tweaked her nipple, causing a gasp from her.

Stepping around behind the chair, his hands touched her shoulders and slid gently down the front of her body. His body bent slightly and his hands reached down to cup her tits. The slight warmth of his breath against her neck, seconds before his lips touched her. His lips lingered at the point between her neck and shoulder, where he knew she was most sensitive.

Pulling her long, dark hair to one side, his tongue tracing lines from the top of her neck down to her shoulders. Her body quivered in anticipation as his tongue caressed her. His hands slid down over her stomach. Slipping his hand between her legs, he caressed her pussy.

Turning her head slightly, she kissed his neck and cheek as he explored her. Caressing her clitoris with his fingers, then gently slipping a finger into her cunt, burying it. Her breath coming in excited little hitches now. When he felt her cum, he withdrew his finger from her wetness and placed it on her lips. She took the finger in her mouth sucking at it.

He moved around in front of her, running his hand down over her body again. Stepping between her parted legs, he knelt down between them. He parted the lips of her pussy with his hands, revealing move of her moist, hot cunt. Running his thumb over her clit a few times feeling it harden, and begin to blossom out of her folds.

She watched in anticipation as his head dipped down between her thighs. As his hands spread her, his tongue passed over her clit, a low moan building in her throat. Suddenly, he sucked hard on her, running his tongue back and forth over her gorged clit. Shivering in pleasure, she tried to arch into his face. 

Wrapping his hands around her ass, he buried his face in the warmth of her cunt. Her warm cum coating his lips and tongue; she tried to push her hot cunt closer to the source of her pleasure. "Please, baby," she begged in a whisper.

Reaching down, he began undoing the leather throngs that bound her feet to the chair. Leaving her hands bound he stood up in front of her. His magnificent cock jutting proudly in front of him, he moved to the right of her chair. 

He suddenly reached out and savagely grasped her hair, jerking her head back. His other hand was now wrapped around his cock. Leaning in over her until his cock was touching her lips. He ran the head of his cock over her lips as her tongue darted over it. He began stroking himself over her mouth. When he would get close enough, her tongue would touch the head of his cock, causing it to jump. As his stroking increased, she begged him, "Please, baby. Let me taste you."

He loosened his grip on her hair just enough for her to turn her head toward him. With her mouth now even with his jutting cock, he slipped it into her warm, inviting mouth. As her lips tightened around him, his hand gripped her hair once again before loosening to slip through her hair to the back of her head.

His hips moved back and forth as his cock slid in and out of her eager, waiting mouth. His hand suddenly pulled her head toward him as he thrust his hips into her. With his cock buried deep in her throat, she gagged slightly and he backed out to keep from choking her. He released his hold on her head and hair.

Backing away a few steps, he began to stroke himself again. As she watched, she saw the first glistening drops of pre-cum forming on the head of his cock. Licking her lips, she met his eyes and whispered, "Please?"

He moved in toward her again, gently taking her head and placing his cock against her waiting lips. Her tongue darted over him, licking the pre-cum from him. Once she had cleaned the nectar from him, he backed away from her once more. This time, he moved around in front of her. His hand slid smoothly back and forth over his cock, bringing him to a climax. Stepping in between her legs, his head dropping down to watch her face as his cum shot over her chin, tits and stomach. 

"Noooooooooo," she whined wistfully, her body twisting and writhing in the chair. She had wanted to feel him inside her so bad. 

As his stroking slowed and he finished spurting his cum over her body, he looked down at the glistening wetness that covered her front. "Don't worry, baby. We're not through here," he whispered softly. As his cock slowly deflated, he walked around behind her chair and began untying her hands. She rubbed at her wrists, getting the circulation going again.

He reached down to take her by the hand. Helping her to stand, he led her to the queen-sized bed where they lay across the bed, resting for a few moments. She knew he needed to rest to rebuild his strength. She caressed him, feeling the lines and curves of his body. She touched every part of his body, her hands silky against his skin.

He rolled over onto his side, facing her and pulled her close to him. Her head rested against the hollow of his shoulder; his head resting gently atop of hers. Their hands began to explore again. The urgency was gone this time. This time would be slow and easy. They would take their time and make this last.

They rested for a while, just caressing and holding each other, planting tender kisses on one another. Their passions soon began to ignite again. His warm lips moved over her face, kissing her forehead, her eyes and her cheeks. Then his lips found her neck and began kissing the area between her neck and shoulders. Shivers of anticipation ran over her, as his lips moved over her.

His hands found her soft, full tits. Caressing her for a few seconds, then suddenly he squeezed them hard as he began sucking at the hollow between her shoulder and neck. Hearing the sharp intake of her breath, he thought to himself, "Good! I don't want her to know what I'll do next."

She loved this; not knowing what move he would make next. The suspense was what kept her riding high. She craved this kind of sexual attention.

Pinching her nipples, he heard the soft moan of her pleasure. Losing himself in the sound, he soon returned when he tasted the blood in his mouth. He licked the side of her neck, cleaning the area where he had been sucking at her.

Sliding his body lower, he began to lick first one of her tits and then the other. Hands sliding slowly down over her stomach as his index finger dipped into her belly-button, then back out to continue down. He lay his hand flat over her pussy, allowing his palm to slide up and down over the thick, dark patch of curls between her thighs. The hair was still damp against his palm; her musky smell filling his senses.

Shifting his body around, he got between her outstretched legs. Taking one of the pillows from the bed, he placed it under her ass, then gently bent her legs. Lying on his stomach, he positioned himself between her legs. Wrapping his arms around her legs, and then over the top of them, his fingers gently spreading the lips of her pussy. His tongue venturing out and slipping into the folds, then running along the inner edges of her lips. Working his way to the top of her lips, he let his tongue trail down over her clit, searching for the hard, small bud. Once he had it between his teeth, he nipped it playfully, feeling the insides of her thighs quiver against his shoulders.

Bringing one of his hands back under her leg, he probed her wet slit and then slipped his finger deep into her. Still sucking at her clit, he began pumping his finger in and out of her. Feeling the muscles inside her clenching and unclenching, he knew it wouldn't be long before she came. Sucking harder at her, he suddenly pulled his finger from her and then quickly lowered his face. His tongue darted into her hot slit, tasting the sweet flood of her cum . She was like a river, flowing over his tongue. He lapped at her as her back arched and low moans of pleasure filled the air around them.

Feeling himself hardening again, he slid his body up to cover hers. His semi-hard cock showing signs of coming back to life once again. Holding her against him, he let his passion rise up once again. Feeling her hand reach between them, as she began sliding it slowly up and down his shaft. "Get me hard again, baby," he whispered in her ear.

Gently pushing him off of her, and making sure he was comfortable on the bed, she got onto her knees. Taking the pillows from the bed, she propped them under his head so he could watch her. Then she positioned herself between his legs. Her head dropped slowly toward his cock as he lay back to watch. Her tongue swirled around the head of his cock, stopping under the bottom, in the tender, sensitive spot directly behind the head. Her tongue flicked at this spot until he thought he could stand no more. Then her lips surrounded him, as her dark eyes looked up at him. She felt him growing larger and harder as her lips worked at him. Her mouth began filling with his engorged cock. As she moved slowly up and down on him, she took more and more of him into her mouth and throat. 

Finally she dropped completely down on him, her lips touching the very base of his cock, against his groin. He thought he was going to explode right then, but he held back. Reaching down, he grabbed her hair and jerked her head up off of him. "On your knees! Now!" he commanded her.

She turned away from him, still on all fours, her ass in the air, looking back over her shoulder at him. Looking into her dark eyes, he saw the lust for him just barely hidden beneath the surface. Raising up on his knees, he placed his hand in the center of her back. Gently, but firmly he pushed down until the upper part of her body was against the bed, and her ass was in the air in front of him. Grasping her hips, he positioned himself between her thighs and guided his cock toward her. He leaned forward into her, letting it slip between the lips of her silken pussy. He let it slide back and forth slowly over her clit a few times, teasing her. He felt the hard bud of her clit pressing along the top of his cock as he leaned back and let it slide up over her until the head was directly over the opening of her cunt. Wetting it with her juices, he suddenly thrust himself into her, burying all of himself inside her.

Grabbing her hips, his fingers digging into the soft flesh, he began to pump in and out her tight, hot cunt. Coming almost completely out of her, before thrusting back into her again.

"Harder, baby!" she cried, as she thrust her ass back into him. His balls slapped against her ass as his speed increased.

Seconds before he came, he grabbed her hair and jerked her head back and buried himself in her. Feeling his load beginning to boil up into the shaft of his cock, then explode into her spasming, hot cunt. Her wetness flowing over him and mingling with his.

With his free hand, he slapped her ass, just as the muscles inside her clenched his cock. milking him. Her hands clawed at the spread of the bed beneath them. As her spasming slowed, his spent cock deflated and finally slipped out of her.

She flattened her body against the bed, as their ragged breathing began to slow. He lay down beside her, slipping his arm around her and pulling her body in close to his. Curling onto her side, she snuggled in next to him, their bodies fitting together like two spoons. He planted small kisses over her back and neck until they fell into an exhausted, but satisfied sleep.

3-13-2000