 I had been emotionally disconnected and drifting since my divorce, drinking, dabbling in drugs, not looking for anything except the next party and my next lay. All were usually in abundance. I was attending Community College on the GI Bill and working summers for the county to pay for life. Even now, at twenty-five I was essentially without a clear goal in life. At least one thing was in my favor, I had only myself to care for...and, oh yeah, the child support payments for my son since my marriage breakup. I didn't mind paying for my son's needs, it was just when I saw his mother's picture on the front page of the local newspaper and how she was running with a Harley Davidson motorcycle gang, that I got a little pissed about giving her money that I had no control over. It always made me wonder "who was buying the beer for these pricks?" I would console myself with the knowledge that at least I didn't have to live with her anymore and she was getting just what she asked for, "treated like shit" by some asshole biker. Not that I hate all bikers since I own one myself. I just hate the egotistical ones that have an axe to grind against civilization and anyone that doesn't ride a Harley. 

I had always prided myself on being independent, and paying my own way. That way I'm not beholding to anyone. I lived mostly alone in a small one bedroom apartment that I called my own. It wasn't the Taj Mahal but it was comfortable and my friends admired my autonomy and my single lifestyle. At least, those that wore the old ball and chain or the few who still lived at home. There was always food and usually some beer in the fridge and the cupboards stocked. Not that I'm a chef or anything but I kept myself fed and could whip up a dinner for guests. My place was a few miles out-of-town and I hated to come home and find nothing to eat. It seemed there was always friends dropping by to party or get high so I needed to keep at least some 'munchies' available.

Tonight's party was at an acquaintance's house that I had never been to before. Off the main highway and nestled behind 20 acres of peach orchard, it was a perfect party house. The music thundered in one room and the kindred folks wandered about dancing, drinking, talking or cuddled in a corner making out. Although I knew many of the people here I felt oddly alone, as though I was on the outside looking in, detached. I guess I was just moody and feeling sorry for myself because I didn't have a love interest. Some days you're grateful to be single and some you just need to be close to someone even if it's just for the night.

AND THEN...I saw her face; it was the face of an angel, across the room UV light making star shine of her smile. I had not seen her before and was taken by her fresh beauty and persistent smile. I'm generally not the type to go up to any woman and start up a conversation but I told myself in this case I would make an exception. She was sitting on the couch, holding a beer and talking with another guy. I couldn't help staring at her. She had such a, wholesome, girl next door look and Oh, that radiant smile. I sat down across the room and feigned interest in some music album, all the while catching glimpses of her as she spoke animatedly with the man. I watched her hand movements, fluid and artful as she gestured frequently during the conversation, the broad smile never leaving her face.

I caught Danny's arm as he walked by and asked, "Who's the beauty on the couch?"

"Oh her? Her name's Judy. She came with Bill and Michele. I guess she's up from LA visiting." "Go for it man." he said with an evil grin as he hurried on his way.

The guy she was talking to got up and walked away leaving her alone. It was then our eyes met from across the room. She flashed that bright, angelic smile again as I struggled with myself trying to think of the right opening line to begin a conversation. Once again, I was at a loss for words but knew I had to act. I decided on the direct approach. I got up, holding eye contact with her and moved to sit beside her. 

"Hi, my name's Charlie. Do you mind if I sit here with you? I understand you come from LA," I said, trying to fight off the stupid Cheshire cat grin I had on my face since our eyes first met. 

"Yes, I am, the West Valley actually. Do you know Bill and Michelle?" I cocked my head and looked perplexed. 

"DO YOU KNOW BILL AND MICHELLE? CAN WE GO OUTSIDE FOR A MINUTE?" she raised her voice over the volume of music as a new song thundered to life.

I stood and offered my hand, I would go anywhere she wanted me to. She met my eyes, surprised with that 'nobody has ever done that for me before' look on her face. Her hand was warm and soft, just as I knew it would be. What I hadn't expected was that she was much taller than I thought. I would guess about five and a half feet. I let her lead the way since this was her idea and it gave me time to take in her other charms as I followed behind. Her snug-fitting jeans complemented her long legs as she negotiated a path between people and furniture to the front door.

The night was beautiful and warm, with a slight breeze and stars blazed brightly in the heavens as we talked our way down the long gravel drive. To my astonishment, I learned that we had met once before in Santa Monica when I was visiting friends. I couldn't remember her from that meeting and as I looked at her now I wondered why. But, she remembered me! I thought back to the night she and her sister and another girl wedged themselves into the backseat of my Volkswagen and we all headed off to the Topanga Canyon Mall. Maybe it was because I was with another woman at the time or because I had been meeting so many people that day. I just couldn't believe that I would not have taken notice.

She had medium brown hair that flowed gracefully well passed her shoulders and I would guess she was between 19 or 20 years old. Her eyes were hazel like mine, mostly green with flecks of gold that seemed to sparkle as the light caught them, so alive they were in the night. She filled out her tank top well and wore no bra. Her breasts firm and full beneath the thin T-shirt material, nipples threatening to become erect in the night air. 

At length, I asked if she would like to take a ride on my motorcycle. She was delighted and eagerly encouraged me to get the bike while she let her friends know where she was going.

She climbed on the back and we took to the road for a short cruise through town. There's a certain RPM that sets up a harmonic vibration through the seat that women seem to love. I call it the "Good Vibrations" spot. Often I try to induce the effect by holding that RPM just a little longer between shifts. It must have worked because every so often I could feel her squirm on the seat and her arms would tighten around me. 

Stopping at a Dairy Queen for a drink we sat and talked for over an hour about our lives, likes and dislikes, finding that we were very much alike. Returning to the party after a couple of hours we found the house nearly empty. Her friends had gone home, so I said I would take her home. We ended up stopping at my place, smoking a joint and snuggling. I think we both realized this was 'lust at first sight'. 

As we kissed, I couldn't help but feel her breasts press against my chest. My cock became firm and pressured her thigh. I moved my hand up her side brushing one of her breasts as I pushed an errant strand of hair from her face. She gave a small shudder so I continued with bolder advances. My kisses were more probing now, moving along her cheek to her earlobe and down her neck. We fell against the back of the sofa, lost in a swelling tide of passion. I wanted her to be as fascinated with me as I was with her. Even if it didn't lead to sex that night I was satisfied being with her, kissing her and taking my time. Knowing that we would see each other again tomorrow.

After many minutes of sweet caresses and hot kisses, I nuzzled my face between those lovely, soft mounds. She pushed me back, lifted her top over her head and threw it to the floor. 

Like an idiot I asked, "Are you getting too warm, I can open a window?"

Judy looked at me and we both laughed as I caught my blunder, "No silly, I want you to kiss me here." 

She pressed her breasts together offering them to me. Captivated, I was treated to the exquisite sight of those wonderful tits, unfettered. 

"Oh my god! You're absolutely edible," taking her strawberry nipple into my mouth. She giggled lightly, running her fingers through my hair, pulling me tighter to her breast.

"I love my breasts touched and my nipples sucked." 

I planted kisses and tender love bites all around them and over her chest. She was breathing hard now and squeezing the bulge in my pants, silently begging me to release it. I guess I lost the resolve to take my time.

I scooped her into my arms and carried her to the bedroom, locked in a deep kiss, I laid her softly on the bed, pulled away and began stripping off her remaining clothes. Inching her panties down I caught full view of her beautiful, lightly hair-covered, pussy. She glistened wet in the light from the adjoining room. I vowed again under my breath to take my time and give us both a night to remember. 

Standing back, I began taking off my own clothes, as seductively as I could without appearing too dramatic. It seemed to be working. Her hand found her own wetness and casually began to caress herself as she watched me continue my 'strip tease'. When I was naked I moved to the foot of the bed and kissed her feet. Gradually, I worked my kisses up her quivering legs, spreading them wider, until I reached her waiting pussy. She tried weakly to direct me away but her attempt was half-hearted at best. Later she would confide to me that she had never been kissed there before. I moved her hands and kissed her thighs and around her mound softly, working my way to her clit. My tongue danced long strokes up and down her slippery lips. Judy moaned with delight as I continued to alternately suck and lick at her hard, fleshy nub. I slid a finger into her warm wetness, searching for that illusive 'G' spot. She pushed hard against my hand and stiffened noticeably as my finger found a sensitive spot. Whether it was her 'G' spot or not, it brought from her moans of pleasure and a shortness in her breath. 

My own sex was throbbing hard and aching for fulfillment. I could feel wetness on the bed under me and I knew it was time. I just had to find out what her pussy was like. After a few minutes I asked if she would sit on me. With a broad smile she positioned herself over my erection, taking it in one hand, she pressed the head to her slit, moving it along the length of her own wetness. With one final push her inner lips spread wide, accepting the head of my cock. She winced and stopped for a moment, letting herself adjust to the violation. Ever so slowly, she engulfed the rest. I could feel her squeeze and caress every inch of me. 

With her now fully enveloping my shaft and lying on my chest, she started slowly rocking back and forth. "This girl is divine. She has promise." I thought to myself. 

I had to take it easy for fear I would come too soon. Letting her guide our motion, I would stop her now and then to quell my rising climax. It wouldn't do to have me come first, at least not this time.

Her firm breasts pressed hard against my chest, her hot pussy clamped around me like a velvet vise. I could feel her grip gradually loosen as we rocked to a shared beat. With one flowing move, I turned her over onto her back without separating our embrace and kissed her deeply, probing her mouth with my tongue. Cautiously, I increased the rhythm, allowing my cock to slide further out each time until I was fucking her with long, slow strokes. My cock head found her bottom with each deep stroke so I backed off for fear of hurting her but she just pulled me closer, delirious with pleasure. 

An orgasm churned within me, but, damn it, she was going to come before I did. With her hands grasping my ass cheeks, encouraging more speed from me like a race horse ridden to victory, she neared climax. Her breathing was fast and shallow, moaning quietly with each stroke. Without warning her breath caught in her throat, nails dug into me and she stiffened. I continued with the same tempo as a low-pitched groan welled up from deep within her throat, "I'm coming...Oh god...I'm coming!" Her words were lost as I too broke over the edge. Orgasmic bliss drowning out all other sensations. My cock felt rock hard and each convulsion sent a hot jet into her and an electric current through me. My head felt as though it would explode from the pulse pounding in my ears. We held each other tightly as the last of our simultaneous climax subsided and the afterglow stretched on. When we were able to breathe again, we softly praised and kissed one another. 

We fell asleep for half an hour or so before we awoke, got dressed and I drove her to our friend's house in my car. We parted reluctantly, vowing to see each other the next day. I felt like a teenager in love, I didn't want to say good bye even for a few hours but sanity prevailed and I finally let her out of my car and watched as she went inside. 

The stars were falling and the horizon turning a pastel salmon and azure blue in the east as I pulled in front of my apartment. I couldn't wait for the sun to chase the shadows away and I could again see my "new love".