 Studying can be hard sometimes. Hard and dull. Long hours spent hunched over thick, heavy books can sap one's energy and dull the senses, especially when it's getting late in the day. Today was once such time. Until Alice appeared, that is.

Dragging myself from my 'intensive' study of the Islamic response to the success of the First Crusade, I noticed her sitting opposite me, looking at me intently. I knew who she was; we had two classes together, the aforementioned medieval stuff and Renaissance Politics, but I'd never really spoken to her, so was surprised to find her unexpectedly sharing this quiet corner of the Library. 

"You seem to be really enjoying your work." Her voice was soft, playful with a hard-to-place southern accent. "I tried to get your attention three times."

"Hmm...sorry," I replied. "Just got drawn in, I guess."

"Wish I could do that so easily," she sighed. "David, isn't it?" I nodded.

"Alice."

"Nice to meet you." For the first time I started to notice that my classmate was definitely a looker. Tall, maybe 5'7"-8", with dark brown hair to her shoulders and deep, hazel eyes, Alice had the kind of figure most women would kill her for; well proportioned, shapely breasts and a waist that tapered in sharply. I noticed she was wearing a military style dogtag necklace, which only drew my eyes to her generous chest beneath the well fitted Aerosmith skinny t she was wearing. Hurriedly I averted my gaze before she could sense my eyes (and thoughts) wandering.

"I'm just really having trouble getting into the subject matter," Alice lamented. "I know you're doing well and that you're pretty capable, I wondered if you would share your thoughts with me?"

"Sure," I nodded. I don't object to helping others study, and over the next hour I discussed what I'd learned with Alice, whilst all the time trying to suppress and conceal my increasing attraction. She was certainly hot, and at one point when she leaned over the desk to read my notes in more detail, giving me a fine if momentary view of her cleavage, I felt myself stiffen. I definitely wanted her, but as soon as the thought entered my head I dismissed it. She wanted help with her studies, not to take me to bed, and I silently chastised myself for what seemed to me like a mild form of sexism; assuming Alice would sleep with me, just because I'd helped her out. 

I suddenly became aware of the time. I'd been here for 10 hours and it was now 8pm. I was hungry and worn out, but I had Alice, and would happily have stayed in the increasingly darkened, quiet library if it meant retaining her company. Fortunately she solved the problem for me.

"It's late, David. Too late for studying, anyway. I know a lot more about Saladin, now, but still, I don't know very much about David...care to oblige me?" she asked, tipping her hand in a "drink?" motion. I had to really hold back to stop myself nodding violently.

"Let's go, then," she said, and led on. I followed and couldn't stop myself noticing a wonderful, heart shaped rear end swaying before me. My mind was on fire with thoughts of what I wanted to do with this sweet, gorgeous young woman. Alice was right; I definitely needed a drink!

The first pint went down quickly as I sought to steady my nerves. The second one was swiftly following when I checked myself, realising that getting smashed was not in my interests right now. Alice had a large glass of deep, dark red wine and wasn't even half way down it. I began to drink more conservatively, worried about making a fool of myself. 

"So. Tell me about David."

These things are always awkward. Where to start? I told her where I was from (York), what my parents did (father a doctor, mother a dentist), that I wanted to work for the Foreign and Commonwealth Office once my degree was finished. I also mentioned that I was a keen footballer, played for the University's second XI and coached kids' teams sometimes when I was back home. She seemed impressed.

"Ambitious, sporty, good with kids AND great looking," she teased. "You must have women breaking down your door."

I think I blushed, I'm not sure, but it's possible. I would describe as fairly OK looking; six feet tall, short dark hair and I look after myself with plenty of exercise and don't drink too much. I was flattered by the compliment though and also hadn't failed to notice Alice move about six inches closer to me. My heart quickened as I struggled to stay calm.

"Actually, I don't have a girlfriend right now."

"Don't have one this week you mean? Or is it just today?"

I laughed. "At all, I'm afraid."

Her eyebrows raised. "Surprising."

"How about you?" I asked, suddenly emboldened. Alice just shrugged.

"I did have one. Until about a year ago. He was a dick, so I left him. It was hard. By the end I'd pretty much resigned myself to that kind of thing not really working for me. Been single ever since."

"Shame. You're great, any man would be lucky to have you." Alice's openness had emboldened me, and I didn't regret the words at all. She smiled and shuffled a little closer.

We continued talking and drinking in this manner, until the tension was practically unavoidable. She knew I wanted her now, and she wasn't backing off. I felt her hand come to rest on my thigh, and trembled a little. It was now or never, I thought.

With more than a little dutch courage, I leaned to kiss her. 

She turned aside. I was crestfallen, for all of two seconds until she whispered into my ear:

"Not here. My place. Now."

Abruptly we both stood, and quick marched out the door. Not a word was said until we arrived at her tidy, modest terraced house not far from campus. Seeing her housemate was in, Alice pushed me inside and led me upstairs, the urgency in her step unmistakeable. The moment her bedroom door closed behind us, all hell broke loose.

Her lips were on mine, frantic and forceful as her hands pulled at my clothes. I returned the favour with haste, as all the tension of the last few hours began to come out. We were topless in a second, my cock jumping to attention at the sight of her amazing breasts, so well proportioned and large for her slender body. I bent down to attack her neck with my lips and take a nipple in my mouth; she shuddered and pulled me closer.

"Oh God...it's been so long. I need you. I want you...so badly..."

My mind suddenly flashed back to how she'd said it had been a year for her. I was aching to push her onto her bed and take her there and then, but I knew I'd only leave her unfulfilled. Instead I lay her down gently, slid her jeans down over her gorgeous hips and waist, then knelt before her. Her eyes widened as she realised my plans, but before she could say anything I had slipped her underwear off and had my head between her firm thighs. A long moan escaped her lips as I began to flick my tongue across her clit.

I love going down on a girl. It gives me so much satisfaction to hear her moan, feel her tremble and squirm and, finally, to feel her tense at the moment of release. There, on my knees with my tongue gently caressing Alice's pussy, I was in heaven. I'd never want to be anywhere else. 

Neither would she, it seemed. Soon her breathing started to get heavy and ragged, and I could feel the bedclothes shifting as she gripped them tightly. I knew it wouldn't be long now, so I doubled my efforts.

The effect was electric. As I concentrated my tongue hard and firm on her clit, Alice's legs bucked and wrapped around me. I had no chance to move as she went completely rigid, her mouth and eyes wide open as a small, strangulated scream issued forth. Then she came, her whole body shaking and shuddering as her orgasm crashed over her. I stood back and admired my work, the taste and scent of Alice still pervading my senses.

"That...was...amazing..."

"You'd waited long enough," I offered weakly. I couldn't think of anything witty to say. She nodded and motioned for me to lay down beside her. As I did, she started to undo my jeans, and before long I was naked, my cock massive and hard. She looked at it appreciatively, and I groaned at the sudden pressure as she took me in hand. Slowly she jerked me up and down. Even at this rate, all the tension and frustration I'd endured that evening told me I wouldn't last long.

"Alice..."

"I know," she smiled, still stroking my cock. "You're really horny, and you want to come, right?"

"But not yet," I qualified. I wanted to enjoy the ride. 

Alice looked at me curiously, said to me "what about...now?" and suddenly took me deep into her mouth. I heard myself groan in surprise and pleasure. Heard myself because at that point, I'm not sure I was even in my own body. Alice's lips and tongue were doing things to me that my head just couldn't grasp, making it feel like every nerve was tingling, on fire. I'd never felt anything like this. She just looked on, smiled and continued sucking me, as if it were all that mattered. I could feel my orgasm coming like a train and made some vague attempt to warn her. Suddenly, as I felt like the world would burst, she stopped and my cock met cool air. I fell back, breathing violently. As my vision cleared I looked up to see Alice straddling me, easing herself onto me slowly.

"I said I wanted you. Don't worry, I won't let you come too fast."

Alice started to ride me, slowly at first. The feelings were just as incredible, and I groaned and writhed beneath her as Alice had her fun. It soon became apparent that she wasn't done either; as the pace picked up, her head went back and the telltale hot flush appeared around her neck and those perfect breasts. I allowed myself a thrill of satisfaction that she was going to come again.

"Are you ready?" she asked me, breathless as she rode me, quickly now. I was mesmerised by the pleasure and could only nod dumbly.

"Do something for me...say my name when you come." 

I nodded dumbly again.

"Good...oh God...OH GOD!"

Alice came, throwing her head back and crying out. It was all I could take. I felt the heat building inside me and crossed the threshold, the point of no return.

"Yes Alice! Yes Alice! Fuck yes!"

My hands grabbed her waist, my own hips bucking as I spent myself inside her. My mind was blown and it felt like an eternity had past before our orgasms began to fade.

Afterwards, as we lay in bed together, Alice sidled up to me.

"It was so hot when you screamed my name like that. My ex wouldn't, and I always suspected he was thinking about other girls when we did it. It really gave me an ego boost."

I was dumbfounded. "Even if this never happens again, I'll not be forgetting it. I think I might be at risk of saying your name a lot in future!"

She grinned wickedly. "I do hope so. And it'll definitely happen again, David. I promise you that." 

Her hand traced down between my legs and I felt myself hardening again.

The End