 As I stood in awe at my wife suckling our newborn son to a breast fuller than I had ever seen on her, I could not help but to think our wild sexually escapades were now over and more than likely would not return. Looking back, we should have more than likely never have gotten this far. What a wild trip the last ten years had been.

This story starts ten years ago when I had graduated from college and moved to Texas for my first job. With a degree in milling science, I knew I would have to start somewhere small and that is what I got. A feed mill in the middle of central Texas was the first and as it turns out only place to give me a call in the hundreds of resumes I sent out my last semester. A job was a job and while it did not pay very well, I was happy to get the job. I said good-bye to my parents and family and in early June arrived at my new home with all of my stuff either in the bed of my truck or in my converted stock trailer.

My new employer had sent me a list of houses that were available and I got the cheapest one I could find. It was not in the greatest section of town, but nowhere was very great in this town. I arrived after a long 700-mile drive and was very tired when I got to my landlord's place. I paid my first and last months rent got my keys and directions and headed off to my first place in a new town. 

It wasn't much and I was too beat to do anything so I grabbed my sleeping bag and headed inside for some sleep. The next morning I started to unload my stuff and that is when I met Amy. She was a carpenters dream, flat as a board, and was very chatty. She told me she was 13 but would be 14 next week. Her mom worked two jobs and she had an older brother who had just join the Marines and a younger brother who was handicapped. Her dad had left them years ago and she said that was ok, because he drank and hit her mom a lot. I was thinking would this kid ever shut up. She made herself right at home, helping me, without be asked, nor wanted, with bringing in my second or third hand furniture and soon we had the place set up. I thanked her for her help and told her I would be seeing her and made her go home. 

The next morning was my first day at work and while I knew it was going to be tough, I welcomed the opportunity to show what I could do and start climbing the ladder. I got home and was beat. I grabbed a beer from the fridge and went out on the back porch to have a drink. No sooner had I sat down then Amy was at the fence and talking again. I had to figure out a way to get rid of this kid. I asked if she would like a job, but if I gave it to her, she would have to stay out of my hair, but in a polite way. She asked what kind of job and I said mowing the lawn. She thought about it for a bit and said yes and that was the start. 

All summer and in the fall on weekends, Amy would mow the lawn and I would give her ten bucks. By the time of the last mowing, she was a happy camper and I said I would hire her again next spring. Sure enough, spring rolled around and she was mowing again, but something was different. She was looking at me a strange way. In July it got to bugging me, so much I asked her what was up. She looked at the ground and then looked up at me and told me she loved me. I said "What?" Amy proceeds to tell me how I talk to her and gave her a job and she wanted to be with me. I told her that this was not love and it was just an infatuation and besides I am 22 and you are 15 and that is just wrong. She told me I didn't understand and ran away in tears. I had to mow the lawn the rest of the year.

Next spring as I was lying in bed on a Saturday morning, I heard the law mower fire up, and I realized that it was my yard being mowed. I got dressed and went outside and there was Amy mowing my yard. She saw me, waved and kept on mowing. I guess things were all right again. That summer there was no repeat of last summer's drama and Amy even asked if she could wash my truck for some extra cash and I was more than happy to help her out with that. 

The next summer Amy had turned 17 and was developing into a pretty woman. Not much in the chest department, but at least she had some now. She was taller and with her freckled skin and long red hair she was I would say cute. She had also taken up cross-county running at the county high school and was rather good at it so she had nice legs, which I saw as she mowed the lawn. 

Early the next spring, I found Amy crying on her back porch. I asked what was the matter and she said nothing and to leave her alone. I kept pestering her and she finally told me that the prom was coming up and she didn't have enough money for a dress. I asked what she did with all of her yard work money and she told me she had given it all to her mom. I felt like a heel then and I said why don't I pay for your dress and rent you a limo so you can arrive in style. She immediately jumped up and with a huge smile on her face came running over to the fence and hugged me. She asked if her friends could ride with her and I said you don't have a date and she said that a bunch of girls were all going together.

On prom night the limo pulled up to the house and Amy walked out looking stunning. She ran over to hug me and tell me how much she appreciated me doing this for her. Her mom was home and was in tears on the porch. I waved at her and she mouthed "Thank you" to me.

That summer Amy now an newly minted adult of the age of 18, came over and asked if one of her friends could help with the washing of my truck. I told that was not a problem and she said see you Saturday and with a wink walked back to her house. I thought what in the hell did she mean with the wink and Saturday I found out. 

About three in the afternoon it was hot, the way Texas gets in the summer and my doorbell rang. I answered it to find Amy and her friend K.D. in bikini tops and short shorts. "We ready to wash your truck" they said and "would you like to watch?" I was dumbfounded but I grabbed a chair and watched the show. It was the greatest truck wash I have ever seen in person and after they were done, I asked them if they wanted a coke and they said sure and walked inside with me. 

I sat in my chair and they sat on the couch. They were wet from the wash and the cool air from the window air conditioner made their nipples pop out. As we sat there drinking our coke, with me trying not to stare at the tit a few feet from me, Amy asked me how I would like to be repaid for the prom. I told her that I didn't need to be repaid. She told me she wanted to and that KD had rode in limo too and wanted to help pay me back. I felt my cock starting to get harder and I asked Amy what did you have in mind and with a grin on her face, she asked how much would it knock off the bill to watch us make out and I said $30. The girls looked at each other smiled and started to kiss. 

I could tell right way they had planned this all along and that they were no strangers to kissing each other either. While they were making out, Amy would look over at me to see if I was enjoying the show. Soon their tops were untied and they are taking turns sucking on each other's rock hard nipples. While Amy was sucking on KD much larger tits, she motioned me to come over and join her. I moved over the couch and put KD other nipple in my mouth. Soon Amy had my fly unbuttoned and her hand down my pants and massaging my cock. Amy then broke free of KD, yanked my pants down, and was sucking on my cock with all her might. I was about to cum and I didn't want to do that yet so I stopped her and pushed her back on the and shared her smaller tits with KD. I asked if they wanted to go to the bedroom and they agreed.

They had me take the rest of my clothes off and took turns sucking my cock. I was amazed how much of my cock they could take down their young throats. Amy was really doing a job on my cock and I knew I was getting close. I could tell that Amy wanted my load. Just as I was ready to cum I pulled out and shot my wad over KD's face, neck and tits. Amy looked hurt at first then with a devilish smile, proceeded to lick the cum off KD's face and neck. She showed me her mouth full of cum and then swallowed it. She then licked the remainder off KD's tits and kissed KD exchanging some of my cum. I collapsed on the bed and they lay down on either side of me slowly caressing my body. 

After a bit I knew I had to get these girls out of there or there would be trouble. I told them they had better get home and they each kissed me and Amy said we could come back some other time if you would like and I said that would be great.

Out the door, they went and I ran to the bathroom to jerk off over what had just happened. The rest of the summer was great and by the end, there was not more dept to be worked off. That is a story for some other time.