 "Working late, Paula?" Jennifer asked, stopping at Paula's cubicle on her way out.

"Yeah, I need to have the NavOne file caught up by this evening."

"Oh, okay. Looks like you're the last one here so go ahead and turn the lights off when you leave. Have a good evening."

"See you, Jen." Paula listened as the footsteps receded. When she heard the door close and lock behind Jennifer she stood and stretched while discreetly checking out the other cubicles. No other desk lights were on. She sat down and went through the motions of working. 

Her concentration had been wrecked ever since the four o'clock meeting. While the department head had been droning on about the new corporate policy, Paula had discreetly used her smartphone to check her personal email. Her heart skipped a beat when she saw a new email from MiWoodsman with the subject "Sneak Peek II" near the top of her Inbox. From that moment the fluttering deep in her belly had driven her to distraction.

There was an impulse to open it immediately to get a sneak peek of her own but Paula wanted to savor it the right way. In an ideal world she would read it on her laptop in bed, the shades drawn, the lights down low and her cell muted. That wouldn't happen until she finished her work and spent an hour commuting in heavy traffic. Oh, and don't forget dinner. She sighed. Bedtime was a long way off.

The NavOne file wasn't complicated but what normally would have taken one hour to annotate was now going on two. She forced herself to focus on the file which had to be finished before the server backup started. The clock on the wall told her she had another forty minutes. Paula fed a letter into the scanner, waited for it to appear on her screen then appended it to the file along with all the relevant notes that were required.

As she fed another document, her gaze fell on her smartphone. Will it be as good as the last? Will it be better? She squirmed at the possibility, squeezing her thighs together and creating delicious pressure. The first preview had made her come without her touching herself. The words on the screen had somehow reached inside her to get her off, a fact she had readily admitted to MiWoodsman.

The scanner beeped annoyingly, informing her it was ready for another document. With great relief she saw there was only one letter left. To her horror it was ten pages long. She groaned, pulled the staple out, and put the letter in the feeder. The scanner whirred happily.

Could this one be better? After reading his first scene, Paula didn't think it was possible. But he has such a way with words, as if he can pull you through the screen and into the story. I could have been the girl on the couch in that first scene. It's like I lived it. Now her panties felt too tight, as if they were hugging her sex. She shifted her legs again, this time indulgently. A slight tremor echoed through her. I don't think I can wait until I get home. The scanner beeped dutifully, interrupting her thoughts. She edited the scan, page by page as needed. When she hit the SUBMIT button she had fifteen minutes to spare.

She snickered. Submit - Another definition is to yield to the control of another. One can also submit to an impulse. Dare I? Paula stood and surveyed the office again. She was alone. Her phone felt hot in her hands as she logged into her email account. There, fourth down in her Inbox was the message from MiWoodsman. Her finger paused over it and she briefly questioned her sanity. The fluttering sank lower and became more insistent. I'd be crazy not to. She clicked on the email.

 Hi, Paula-

I'm glad you enjoyed that little scene. Thanks for being so honest about how it made you feel. Below is another that I hope you enjoy as well. Any thoughts or feedback you have (good or bad) will be a big help. The scene below takes place later in the story after the car chase I told you about. They're at her place. Happy reading.

-

Megan stepped into the foyer as Erik closed and locked the door behind them. Her body trembled from the adrenalin coursing through her veins. Eric leaned against the door, breathing hard, his eyes shut. Her senses were heightened by their brush with danger. She could see everything in sharp focus. She could hear the ticking of the antique wall clock in the living room, each cricket outside and the constant patter of the rain on the front sidewalk.

Erik opened his eyes and they stared at each other for a long, frozen moment. A hungry look grew on his face and Megan knew he could see that same hunger on hers. An elemental force pulled on her, drawing her closer. An animalistic urge sprang up inside Megan and she pounced. Kiss for kiss, grope for grope, they struggled as equals with movements sudden and almost violent.

He turned and pinned her against the wall. His hands were everywhere, groping up and down her body and eagerly pulling on her clothes. Cool plaster pressed against her back as her shirt and bra were tugged over her head. Erik tangled her hands in her shirt and held them above her head with one hand, claiming her...> 

Paula settled into her seat, imagining the back of the chair was the plaster wall. She parted her legs slightly and cool air crept up her skirt. She bit her lip and continued reading.

< He caressed her cheek with the back of his free hand before running his fingers lightly down the side of her jaw to her throat. Erik pressed his lips against hers, slow and sensual, in a kiss that reached her soul. Wet heat gathered behind Megan's sex and she trembled slightly. His hand moved lower, touching her so lightly now it felt like a whisper across her skin. The whisper circled her nipple once, twice, three times, a siren song calling to the hardening flesh...>

"Oh, my!" Paula whispered. She looked down and, to her surprise, saw the top four buttons of her blouse had come undone revealing the smooth mounds of her breasts. The skin tingled as if she had been touched there and her own nipples ached for attention. She closed her eyes and could feel the delicate tracing of a fingertip slowly spiraling ever closer. Except this time it wasn't Erik's finger, it was his, MiWoodsman's. She scanned the screen frantically, searching for where she left off.

< Soft lips grazed over her nipple. With a gasp Megan arched her back, pressing the hyper-sensitive flesh against his mouth, and was rewarded with the electric touch of his tongue. Erik lingered there, toying with her, letting the pressure build until she was certain her nectar was spilling from her and rolling slowly down her inner thighs. She whimpered, the soft sound begging him to go on.

Both of Erik's hands worked at her jeans, pushing them past her hips. Megan kept her hands above her head and watched him kneel before her, tugging her pants off. In an instant her panties were gone, too. Erik stood and stepped to her, his hand reaching down between them...>

Paula's eyes widened as she read those words. She could feel a hand between her legs, the fingers pressing against her delicate folds. She squeezed her thighs together, focusing the pressure. The words poured off the small screen, surrounded her, embraced her, and pulled her in. 

The plaster was cool against her back, the stucco texture digging into her shoulder blades and buttocks. She could smell the night air, damp from the recent rain, hear the chirping of the crickets outside the door, and feel ticking of the clock reverberating through the wall at her back. His hot mouth was on her throat as his fingers, slick with her lust, coaxed her legs apart. Paula freed her hands from the tangle of her shirt and pulled his head to her breast.

His lips latched onto her nipple and his tongue flicked it mercilessly. A thick finger slid inside her and explored her inner walls in deep, slow strokes. His mouth ravaged the other nipple as his finger circled across her sex. Paula whimpered harder through pursed lips. She cradled the head with both hands and pushed him down until he was kneeling before her.

He pressed his face to her. Light stubble scratched her inner thighs before he gave her a long, slow lick from the very bottom of her sex to just above her swollen clit. Her knees went weak and she hooked one leg over his shoulder, her heel digging into his back to pull him closer. His hands squeezed her breasts as his tongue plunged deeply, squirming and alive, tasting her from the inside. Paula gripped his upper arms and writhed between him and the wall.

Lips suckled at her clit, releasing a long moan from deep inside her. Her impending orgasm rushed onward like a runaway train. No force in the universe could stop it now. His tongue fluttered over the sensitive nub and the train accelerated. She dug her fingers into his biceps and cried out as she came, her body hitching under every lick until suddenly that wonderful mouth was gone.

He was behind her, steering her to the buffet in the front hall and bending her over it. Paula lay there, panting, as spasms continued to ripple through her body. There was a rustling of clothing and then his naked body over hers, his hardness pressing against her ass. A kiss was planted between her shoulder blades, the lips warm and wet. That's my nectar on my back, Paula realized as he stood upright and gently spread her legs.

Flesh rubbed up and down her sex. With each pass she could feel her nether lips parting for him, allowing more of him in. He paused once the head of his cock was completely buried inside her. She trembled with anticipation, waiting for him drive that wonderful cock deep into her pussy. He withdrew slightly making Paula whimper, before sliding deliciously into her in one velvety movement. She moaned as she stretched around his thickness.

Hands gripped her waist as he began fucking her in long, slow strokes. Soft, wet sounds reached her ears as he drove all the way in, filling her completely, before pulling almost all the way out. With each inward stroke pleasure rippled through her body and with each outward stroke her cunt gripped desperately at his cock in a vain attempt to keep him in her. He moved patiently, never varying his pace, allowing Paula to savor each plunge.

A spark caught deep inside her, fanned by every stroke, and grew into an undeniable orgasm. Paula gripped the edge of the buffet as her sex shuddered under the mounting pressure. She moaned again and still he continued with his slow, deliberate strokes. The feel of his cock moving in and out her quivering pussy became too much. She lifted her head and cried out, loud and long, as her sex convulsed the entire length of his cock.

When she was finished Paula laid her head on the buffet, the smooth wood against her cheek. A hand brushed her damp hair tenderly from her face before trailing lightly down her spine. Fingers dug into the flesh of her hips as he resumed moving, faster now. She understood at once. The first time was for her, the second's for him.

With every thrust his abdomen smacked against her buttocks, rocking her entire body. Her hard nipples rubbed back and forth against the buffet. The pace was frenetic, his grunts punctuating his thrusts. Her voice joined his, the volume and intensity mirroring her building orgasm. Paula reached back and seized his wrists, squeezing them to let him know she was once again hurtling towards the edge. With a growl his thrusts became sharper, deeper, and quicker.

Paula was only dimly aware of the noises she was making as the dam burst. She came, her body shuddering from head to toe, her orgasm drawn out an impossibly long time. With a groan dripping with crumbling restraint, he slid his cock from her spasming pussy and laid it between her buttocks. It twitched, again and again, and with each twitch she felt warmth on her back. By the time his cock was still his seed was splashed from her shoulders down to the small of her back.

He stepped back and the buffet beneath her and the house around her disappeared and Paula was falling up until she landed in her office chair. Light sweat covered her skin and tremors rolled through her body. For a brief moment she could feel his cum sliding slowly down her back but when she reached behind her there was nothing. She sat upright and exhaled slowly. Her orgasm was fading now like a distant wave. She hooked an errant lock of hair behind her ear and buttoned her blouse.

Her smartphone lay on her desk, the display dimmed. She picked it up and touched REPLY. She paused, debating how much to tell him. Paula set the phone down, reached under her skirt and pulled her soaked panties off. Cool air kissed her swollen sex and another tremor ran through her. The silk maroon panties lay on the floor, the wet spot on the crotch distinct and obvious. I could send him a photo of those. Instead, she picked up her phone and typed:

< OMG! I just came 3 times reading that and I'm still all revved up!

If you were here right now I'd wrap my legs around your head so you could taste my dripping pussy. I'd ride your face until I couldn't take anymore. Then I'd mount you and fuck you until your toes curled and your eyes rolled back into your head!

Oh, well. A girl can dream.

-P >

Paula studied the message before pressing SEND. She sighed, straightened up her desk and stuffed her panties in a coat pocket. At the door she clicked off the lights and headed out into the night.