 When I opened my eyes the morning light was shining in across the room. I lay there letting my eyes focus and then turned to see Hook was no longer in bed with me. I curled up and turned to the windows. The French doors opening out to the balcony were open and the gulf breeze drifted across the room. I could smell the gulf. I could hear children playing on the beach and sea gulls squawking as they searched for their breakfast. I lay there for sometime just thinking about the events of Friday, smiling at all the wonderful things that had happened in less than twenty four hours.

I straitened my naked body out and stretched. I took my time, letting every muscle wake itself up in its own time. When I felt that my body was ready to cooperate and move around some, I pulled myself up and propped my back on the pillows against the headboard of the bed. I just wanted to drink in every minute of the peaceful and easy feeling that had taken me over. I thought this must be the physical definition of bliss. Contented bliss.

The door opened and a smiling, no, a beaming Hook entered with a tray in hand. I watched as he crossed the room in his robe and slippers looking even more handsome than the night before. He looked rested and happy. I liked what I was seeing. He set the tray down on the bed. It was filled with wonderful surprises. There was orange juice and buttered toast. A newspaper, linen napkins and some fresh sliced peaches. It was an amazing array of delectable treats. The scent of the peaches, blended with the beach and gulf, added to the scent I still wore from the night before, was overwhelming. More than eating and drinking from the treats offered on the tray, I wanted Hook to slip back into bed between the sheets and have me for breakfast. I did not know how to say this to him.

Hook came to my side of the bed and sat on the edge close to my side. He leaned over and kissed my cheek, then even further over and kissed my lips affectionately. "How are you this morning? You are as beautiful as when I saw you fall asleep last night."  

"Thank you," I said. "I was just thinking that if you did not have to hurry off anywhere that I had something else in mind for breakfast."

"What would you like Lynn? If I have it I would certainly fix it for you," he said seriously.

I grinned at him with a quick wink and replied, "Oh, you have it."

He laughed and picked up the tray from the bed, setting it on the night stand. Then he moved into the bed next to me resting his back on the pillow next to my head. He took his finger and moved hair away from my eyes, then ran it lightly and slowly down my cheek to my neck. He rolled slightly more in a position facing me and continued the trip with his finger down the middle of my chest until he changed direction and began to circle the outside of my breast, moving in a circular motion until he reached the areola. He began to tease the nipple until it stiffened itself to meet his touch. I relaxed my head back into the pillow and sighed. I felt perfectly relaxed, wanting to feel more of his touch. 

I could feel the wetness in my pussy begin all over again. I felt the sensation that comes when my body knows what it needs. It is a longing, a burning. Desire that spreads through me, waiting and begging for attention. This need to be touched, to be acknowledged in some way, resulting in the release of the powerful spasm that was already building inside my pussy and radiating to the erect clit that was ready to burst with pleasure.

Hook had now exchanged the movement of his finger with the warm, wet probing of his tongue. He gave each nipple its proper attention, then moved to my belly and lower, licking and kissing me all the way down the path he made for himself. I was allowing quiet moans to escape from my mouth and my legs took it upon themselves to open up for him. I felt the hair from his beard tickle the inside of my thighs making me feel like I would surely lose control of my body. It was so sweet, so beautiful and it was all for me. Hook was doing everything he was doing, all for me. He was an amazing lover. 

As he kissed the insides of my thighs and the creases between my legs and torso, I felt my clit begging to be touched. Hook must have felt it too because just at that moment he placed his lips on top of my clit and lightly sucked for just an instant. I felt the wetness escape onto my labia leaving me wet enough that I needed him to do something, anything, but something. Hook took his tongue and licked my pussy through the middle of the slit leaving me moaning even louder now. He took a finger and slipped it into my hot, eager pussy and gently reached up for the g-spot. My knees were bent and my back arched, with my abdomen and butt working together to bear down to greet his probing finger. He kept sucking and biting my clit over and over. I did not know what I wanted more, for him to do this all day or for me to allow myself to let go and cum all over his fingers. I didn't think that I would have much choice in the matter for long. The pressure and burning were building now to the point of imminent explosion. I exclaimed in great need, "Hook, I have to let this happen, I cannot stop it." 

"It's okay Lynn, let go, I have you, let go." With that permission I felt my thighs tense and my ass lift itself from the bed. With Hook's mouth still attached to my clit and his finger still probing my pussy, my body shivered in an orgasm matching all the others it had delivered in the last 24 hours. It reached spasm after spasm, each one a little less intense than the last until my body relaxed itself back onto the bed for a well deserved rest.

Hook moved up by me laying his head beside mine, never saying a word, just a sigh that said more than any words would have been able to.

Moments later, Hook asked me if I was ready for breakfast of a different sort now. I smiled and nodded. He delivered the tray back to the bed, took the newspaper and settled back next to me to browse the headlines. He was so wonderful. I enjoyed just watching him do regular ordinary things. He made ordinary seem extraordinary somehow.

After I finished my breakfast, I pulled on my dress and explained that I really had to go. I needed to go home, shower and get ready to spend the day with my friends at the base. I was fairly sure they would be leaving on Sunday afternoon so I needed some time with them. He gave me a hug and wished me a very nice day with my friends as he walked me to the door. When we reached the door, he pulled me to him and kissed me passionately on the mouth. He opened the door and I stepped out onto the driveway. I took a few steps toward the road when I heard him call my name.

I looked back to see what he wanted. Now he was standing on the drive with me. "Lynn, I would like to invite the three of you to dinner here at my house tonight. If your friends say yes just give me a shout across the balcony. Let's set a time for eight PM. My bar is pretty well stocked, so all you need bring are yourselves.

I smiled and replied, "Great! I'll ask and let you know. By the way, I had a wonderful time, thank you."

"Me to." He was beaming.

I walked slowly home feeling the sun on my face. I was anticipating the day with good friends and the night with my new found lover. Life could not get any better for me,

I hurried into the house and took a quick shower. I hated to wash off the night with Hook. I quickly dressed, dried my hair, slipped my sandals back on, and went out to find Nina and Dee. They were on the balcony and smiled as I came outside to join them. We chatted about the night's activities, they could not believe I flew right over them, naked, in a helicopter and we all decided that maybe the Navy was turning out to be better the second time around.

We gathered our things, got into the car, and within minutes were on our way to Naval Air Station Pensacola. We listened to beach music and told stories about all the times we had traveled that road a very long time ago. Everything had changed so much but with the three of us together it didn't seem to make any difference.

First we stopped at the museum. Then we drove by all of our respective work places. We stopped at the bowling alley for burgers, rode by the Air Training Barracks to see what the "Poopies" were up to and giggled at their complete degradation by the very stiff and polished Marine drill sergeant who was yelling at them. Then we headed back for the house.

When we arrived, Nina and Dee said they wanted to ride down the beach to the local outlet mall for some shopping and invited me to go. I was not really in a shopping mood, so I opted out. I got out of the car, leaned in, and kissed them each on the cheek. I reminded them of our dinner plans with Hook. They assured me they would be at his house on time. 

At lunch, earlier, I'd made a plan with them. If they were comfortable with it I asked them to help me show Captain Hook a little WAVE action after dinner. They thought this would be a great adventure and were onboard completely. We spent the rest of lunch giggling about who would do what and when. I had a feeling this retired Naval Aviator was about to fly without a machine. I could hardly wait.

I went into the house and changed into my swim suit. I got a bottle of water from the refrigerator and headed for the balcony. I had plans to take a nap in the sun. As I stepped onto the balcony, I heard a familiar voice call over to me.

I looked across at Hook's balcony. He stood there looking even more handsome than the night before. He walked to his side of the balcony and I met him there. He leaned over and kissed me passionately on the mouth. I leaned in to be sure that I got every last second of the kiss he offered. It sent waves of passion through me as strongly as the first time. What was it about this man? He completely brought every feeling within me to life. It was so overwhelming.

He said, "Glad to see you girls did not get hijacked by some aviators for flight stimulation, oops, I mean simulation," then laughed at his joke.

"Nope," I said, "we just went, broke hearts, and left. Flight stimulation will have to be found elsewhere; perhaps a night ride in a helicopter," I said, smiling back at him.

"I have something for you," he said. "I did a little shopping today and found the perfect outfit for you. I believe it will fit perfectly and the color is definitely you."

I smiled, very excited and very curious. He had my complete attention.

"Why don't you come over for a bit and try it on for me. I'd like to see if I am as good at this shopping thing as I think I am." He was still grinning as he spoke.

I nodded yes, and said, "Give me five."

"You bet," he said and with that we both headed inside.

Ten minutes later, I was knocking on his door. He opened it widely and smiling, I teased, "I hear you are in need of a super model." 

"Yes, as a matter of fact, I think you will be perfect, come in please," he replied. I followed him through the entryway and waited while he retrieved something from his bedroom.

I was shocked when he returned with one small box about the size of a box of greeting cards.

"This is the outfit you bought me?" I asked.

He said, "Yes, I hope you like it."

It was wrapped beautifully in ivory paper that had seashells on it. The ribbon was a piece of cord with tiny shells hanging from it. I carefully untied the cord and began to unwrap the package. I found a beautiful bottle of Angel perfume inside the wrapping. I started laughing.

"So, I see that you did get the right size, color and matching accessories. You sure know how to dress a woman Hook, or should I say undress one. I admit you had me going with this one. I'll owe you a payback." I grinned at him.

"You are more than welcome to use my room to try it on if you like. I really can't wait to see you in it," he offered.

I thought, this just gets better and better. "I'll even help with zipper if necessary," still laughing as he spoke.

I came right back with, "Yes, this does look a bit complicated. I believe your help will be required." We both kept laughing and he put his arm around my shoulders gently guiding me in the direction of his bedroom.

When we were fully in the room, I noticed the blinds were completely up exposing open windows. The balcony doors were open wide as well. The Gulf breeze blew softly across the room. I could hear the waves and the gulls. It seemed surreal. In the background I heard the sweet, sensual voice of Sarah Brightman singing softly. I knew that I had indeed entered some level of heaven. Every thought left my mind. For one moment in time, I was one with the universe. I understood that I did not need to understand anything.

Hook pulled me close, facing him. He unfastened the strap holding my bathing suit around my neck and let the suit fall to my waist exposing my breasts. He moved me close enough to his bed for me to sit on the side. With such gentle skill he held my breasts, one in each hand. He just gazed at them, once in awhile softly touching each erect nipple and then removing his finger from it. He continued just looking intently at them. It was as if he stood before the Mona Lisa and was imagining each stroke that was painted, trying to decide if he could paint my breasts with the same passion in his mind. I closed my eyes, leaned my head as far back as I could and braced myself with my hands, just waiting. I could feel my hair touch my waist from time to time as the gentle gulf breeze drifted through it.

I felt him slide my suit the rest of the way down my body, over my hips and down my legs. It was one smooth motion, with the ease of a master. I just could not stop being amazed at this gentle man. In size he towered over me but he had absolutely the softest, most erotic way of joining my body to his. I opened my eyes to see him now undressing himself.

As I watched him finish taking his clothes off, he turned to the night stand and picked up the new perfume he had gotten for me. He began at my feet and he put a drop at the top of each foot just above my toes. Without warning, he then took each toe of each foot and licked them, stopping to suck them until all had been treated to this exquisite experience equally. He then moved to my knees, lifting them up just high enough to place droplets behind each knee. He continued up to the bend at my thighs where the leg meets the torso and placed a drop on each thigh, followed by licking that crease with care. He took his hands and pulled my legs open, exposing my bare pussy. The coolness of the room swept across my clit with such surprise that it took my breath away. Hook took a drop of perfume and placed it at the very top of an already erect and waiting clit. I moaned with anticipation as well as the waves of pleasure shooting through my body.

He continued this dressing of me with my new perfume outfit until he had completely moved over my entire body. As he stood to reach my neck I saw his hardened cock with glistening droplets of its own perfume. I raised myself up and pushed my mouth around his cock's head and licked this precious fluid from the opening. Hook helped me to my feet. Once I was standing, he lay down on the bed and took my hand, guiding me to the bed beside him. I turned myself around and straddled his body with my pussy directly above his face. I moved slowly down until just over his mouth, sitting myself up straight, then placing my pussy onto his awaiting tongue and mouth. I sat up like that for moments because the shock of his warm mouth greeting my wet, begging pussy was almost more than I could stand. I felt his tongue delve deeply into my pussy fucking it with stiffness and firmness that demanded my attention. He began to nibble on my clit, making it harder and harder. The nibbles became bites and my moans became more like screams.

When I realized if I did not do something quickly I was going to cum all over his face right then, I turned my attention to his wet, hard cock. I lay my belly down to meet his belly and I took his cock in my hands placing it in a very warm, moist mouth. I began to suck. The more I felt his tongue in my pussy the harder I sucked. Now he was groaning and I could feel the vibrations of his deep groans throughout my aching abdomen and pussy. I began to lick the head of his cock and I took his balls in my hand, massaging them firmly, then gently. I took his cock as far down my throat as I could, slowly bringing it back to the opening of my mouth where I sucked the head vigorously once again. I pulled my mouth from around his cock and leaned even further down his body until my mouth had gained access to his balls and I began the oral exploration of every inch of them: Licking, kissing, sucking and then squeezing with my hands.

When I moved my body down far enough to have complete access to his balls, it left my asshole raised and open for easy access. I felt his moistened finger first explore the rim, moving around it several times and then with gentle pressure his finger was inside my asshole making its way slowly in until he had buried the full length of his finger. I found my way to the opening of his ass and with a very careful entry pushed my finger inside of him at the same time. His cock was resting under my chin, my mouth was devouring his balls, and my finger was fucking his asshole with short quick thrusts.

He was now sucking my clit, occasionally stopping to run his tongue the length of my slit and he fucked my asshole with the same rhythmic strokes of his fingers. I could hear him almost at a scream now, and I felt all the heat in my body gather between my legs, just waiting for its moment to burst from me and leaving him covered in all the cum my body could produce. I said to him in an excited gasp, "Hook, now; I cannot hold this back, Oh My God, Hook, please, please I have to cum now." Just as I finished getting the words out, I took my face and lowered it to take his cock back into my mouth, but before I could get it completely there his body tensed, he screamed in ecstasy, and his cum shot from his cock with such force, it landed all over my face. I watched as it continued to release itself from the captivity of his groin until it finally shot its last small burst and began to soften. I collapsed on top of him just as we were. I just lay there on top of him awhile, feeling his warm breath on my pussy coming hard from his lungs as he tried to regain a regular rhythm. We both seemed to melt into each other, covered in our own moist sweat from head to toe and drenched in each other's saliva and cum. We just stayed exactly like that, quietly, listening to all the wonderful sounds, letting all the intensity of the feelings leave our bodies at its own pace.

After I recovered some strength in my arms and legs, I began to pull myself up on all fours so that I could roll off of Hook and place myself beside him. Just as I was balancing myself on my hands and knees, I felt him grasp my thighs firmly with his hands and pull me back slightly. Then, a shock beyond anything I knew: I felt a hardness at the opening of my pussy and with a firm thrust my love tunnel was filled with a completely stiff entity. It took me so by surprise that I immediately lowered back to a position where my face was once again resting on his cock. I felt another thrust and then another. He was fucking me, but with what? I didn't care. My body had once again defied my brain and was taking on its own life. My ass began to thrust back against this intruder with as much force as it was meeting. I began to feel moans coming out of my mouth and then hearing them. I wanted the thrusts to continue and to get faster and harder. It was like Hook read my mind and did just that. I felt my thighs quiver, then spasm and with a powerful push back at his accommodating thrust I screamed at no one, "Oh My God, I am cumming now, please dear god, let me cum." Then with everything I held inside of me I released a gush of fluid that showered his face and chest. I collapsed and rolled to the side of him, pulling myself in the fetal position, and lay there moaning.
