 She dropped her keys on the hall table as she swung the door shut behind her and was about to call out to him that she was home but some instinct kept her silent. She kicked her shoes off next to his and hung the jacket of her suit over the banisters as she started pulling her blouse loose and headed towards the kitchen and a much needed cup of tea. As she passed the drawing room door she glanced inside and sighed to herself. He was stretched out on the huge sofa sound asleep, an empty glass and an open paperback on the floor where they would have been within easy reach!  She laughed softly, so much for the 'research' he was supposed to be doing this afternoon, his excuse for sloping off work early! He had pulled the curtains half across the big windows against the afternoon sun and the room was dark and cool, the only light soft and golden as the evening sun sank lower in the sky. She crossed to stand by the sofa looking down at him. He was deeply asleep, his head turned towards the back cushions as it rested on the armrest, one hand across his chest, the other by his side, he had removed his shoes and socks but was otherwise fully dressed. She smiled, this was way too tempting to pass up! 

Pulling her skirt up around her hips, exposing the tops of her stockings and the claret coloured panties she was wearing she gently climbed onto the sofa, straddling his thighs but being careful not to wake him. She settled herself more comfortably over him, sliding her blouse off but leaving the claret bra and spreading her knees as she lowered her body to rub herself against his thighs before undoing the buttons of his shirt. She carefully moved his arm aside so she could spread the fabric wide and run her hands over his warm skin, laying her left hand over his heart, hoping to feel the beat beneath the steady rise and fall of his chest. Her right hand brushed gently over his crotch before her fingers started pulling his belt undone and easing his zip down. As she slid her hand inside his jeans and gently stroked his cock he began to stir, shifting his hips, his head turning towards her and his eyelashes flickering. She leaned down quickly to breathe softly in his ear, "lie still Darling, you're just dreaming", smiling as he gave a deep sigh and settled back against the cushions, eyes still closed but a smile curving his lips upwards. She waited, unmoving, letting her cheek rest against his, enjoying the warmth and scent of him as his breathing evened out.  When she was sure he was nearly asleep again she began to slide her knees backwards along the sofa, moving down his body, brushing her lips down his chest, her tongue licking at his nipples then across his tummy as her hands pulled his jeans a little further open. She looked down as her fingers worked to free his cock from his boxers, he was still soft and she almost purred with delight as she licked her lips and lowered her head to slide him inside.  She ran her hands up his sides and over his chest, dragging her nails lightly over his nipples as she sucked him gently, her tongue rubbing along the thick shaft and sliding around his cockhead, loving the taste of him. The feeling of his warm flesh filling her as he began to grow and harden in her mouth was turning her on so much.  

She was slipping further down on the sofa, rubbing her breasts hard into his thighs as the ache deep inside her became impossible to resist and she slid her right hand over her tummy and into her already soaking panties. As her fingers slid between her swollen lips and pushed hard into her tight, wet pussy she pressed her thumb against her clit and began to stroke it hard and fast. She wrapped the fingers of her other hand around the base of his shaft and began to pump him gently, her thumb massaging his balls as she circled the head of his cock with long slow swipes of her tongue. It didn't take long until the rhythm of his breathing changed and he shifted under her, a hand instinctively sliding into her hair as he sighed and opened his eyes. She looked up at him through her lashes as he turned his head, his eyes narrowing as he stared down the length of his body and tried to get his sleep fuddled mind to focus on what was happening, a groan escaping from deep in his chest as his cock pulsed against her caressing tongue. 

She knew he was responding not only to her hot mouth and the firm grip of her pumping fingers, but also to the moans of pleasure she was making as she sucked and licked him, the lust on her face and affection in her eyes as she stared up at him. The view he had of his now rock hard cock sliding in and out of her wet lips was so not what he had expected to wake up to but he was more than happy to let his bodys needs take over. Groaning low in his throat he slid his fingers into her hair and holding her head steady he began to buck up under her, fucking her mouth rhythmically. She moaned and shifted slightly, dropping her hand from his cock to squeeze his balls, a finger sliding under his sack to stroke the sensitive skin there while straightening her neck and relaxing her throat to swallow as much of the big, thick, hard shaft as she could take. He groaned again and his fingers tightened in her hair as he raised up on one arm to look down at her. He could smell her arousal, see her breasts almost spilling out of the cups of her small bra, her hand inside her panties moving as she finger fucked herself roughly. She was so close to cumming and he knew what she needed to push her over the edge so he relaxed and lay back on both elbows to watch as she pulled her head back until she was just sucking on his big throbbing cockhead. Wrapping her hand around his hot wet shaft and pumping him hard and fast with her strong fingers as the tip of her small pink tongue wriggled into the slit at the head of his cock and licked and sucked on it frantically. He was soon panting hard and within a minute he was so ready. She whimpered and squeezed his tight balls as he thrust his hips upwards hard and a load of cum exploded into her eager mouth and spurted to the back of her throat, the sensation of the hot salty fluid filling her and the movement of her fingers and thumb in her pussy caused her body to tense and shake as her orgasm spread out from her clit and rolled through her body while she moaned and sucked at his jerking cock, gulping down every last drop of his cum as he emptied himself into her. At last she let him slip from between her lips and he lay back sighing contentedly, wrapping his arms around her and laughing quietly when she crawled up his body to rest her head on his shoulder and murmur drowsily, "Hi Hun, I'm home!"