 I am Susan and I have been working in this prestigious company as a Marketing Assistant for a year. It is my second job since graduating from Boston College and I just love it. I am learning a lot and have been assigned to the top client on this prestigious project. I have been at this party for the last few hours and have been shocked to see this new guy on stage. He is obviously the new hot-shot consultant from Paris who is leading this project. I am so confused and jittery. My thighs are shaking and I can feel this distinctive tingle in my pussy as moisture starts to flow. I am shocked and embarrassed at my carnal reaction as it is so out of character.

I first saw him in the office on a weekend when he was in shorts and T-shirt with a 3-day stubble. He looked like a handy man and looked very handsome. My first reaction was a strong tingle in my pussy on that occasion too. Don't get me wrong -- I have never been on a one night stand or slept with a man on my first date or even the 10th date. At 23 years old I had had sex with just 3 men. I have been single for the last 6 months and had not dated a man since then. 

I have just about recovered from a most humiliating experience with my last boyfriend whom I had trusted and believed I was in a really stable long term relationship for the previous 2 years. But this new guy hit me with his sheer masculine personality and deep brown eyes and my pussy gushed like crazy, ...... and here he was today. Immediately my defences went up.

_____________________________________

I was a late starter with boys in school and did not lose my virginity until college. I was careful about the guys I dated and was rewarded with a great introduction to sex by a wonderful senior guy doing Computers and Artificial Intelligence. Barry had been a considerate and understanding lover and had patiently introduced me to the pleasures of my body and his. We had a wonderful time until I was passed 19. Then he moved to Stanford University for his Masters Program and I missed him but kept in touch at least once a week. 

I then met a few guys but did not date anyone for 3 months until I met Angelo who was a dark lean Hispanic of medium build who was the junior architect on the new building project at Boston College. We had met at the construction site as I was looking at the new layout and he was in his work clothes and hard hat - just breaking up for the day. 

Within 2 weeks we started dating and a month later Angelo introduced me to the most wonderful pleasures that his tongue could give my pussy. We fucked and sucked as often as we could. He taught me how to suck cock -- I mean how to please a man in different ways with my mouth, my lips, my tongue, my eyes. 

I learned to use my hands and to make eye contact while enjoying the pulsing throbs and salty taste of his cock in my mouth. Angelo treated me like a lady but also like a mistress. It was a fun filled 18 months as we explored each other's sexuality intensely. I was now totally confident in bed and knew that I could please my man and get him to please me. At the end of the building project Angelo moved to the East coast -- it seemed like my lovers were all moving East! 

______________________________

Just after my 21st birthday I met Rod Tucker. He was the classic Ivy League star. Son of a Senator, Football star, top A student who was in Harvard Business School and amazingly handsome. We met at a mutual friend's party and she introduced me to Rod. She had whispered to me that Rod had asked to be introduced to me formally and that meant a big deal. 

Normally Rod just picked up a woman and fucked her. His elite background and star fame also gave him the profile to play the field. He was obviously no slouch in bed and the girls were queuing up to fuck him. I had slept with exactly 2 guys in my 21 year old life and they were amazing experiences. 

I was cautious as I was not into casual flings. My friends thought I was crazy not to grab Rod and hold on to him. He had never been known to focus on one girl for 2 months to the exclusion of all others. He was risking his reputation with me as some of his friends were teasing him that he had lost the touch.  

Rod courted me for 2 months before I allowed him to feel my boobs and put his hand under my skirt. I was starting to like Rod as he was always polite and kind. He was still the Ivy League star but he was not an arrogant moron. He was funny and charming. He was a great kisser and every time he looked at me I would cream in my pants. His eyes would just be stripping my clothes and consuming me with lust. But he was always polite and caring. 

One Friday evening Rod took me to dinner at a nice French restraint and we enjoyed a nice evening with a bit of wine and then he dropped me off at my flat which I was sharing with a couple of girls. We kissed and fondled and got all hot and worked up. He started kissing my neck and my ears while he slid his hands under my skirt and panties. 

He was slow and gentle but firm. His hot kisses were driving me mad. One of his hands cupped my left tit and caressed it softly and tweaked my nipples gently while his right hand found my soaking pussy. Today I was particularly turned on by Rod's advances and getting very horny. I could not help reaching down to feel his hard erection which was pressing against my lower belly. 

As soon as my hand grasped Rod's cock he took in a deep breath and said, "Susan, you are so gorgeous and sexy. I cannot get you out of my mind and I want to make love to you and fuck you at the same time. I cannot think straight when I am with you. Please let me take you home". 

I reached up and pulled his head down and kissed him passionately as I squeezed his huge hard on through his pants. He broke into a big smile and wrapped his arm around my waist and we walked to his sports car. He had this beaming smile like a boy who had just been given a candy store. 

I was so flattered and thrilled that Rod Tucker the Ivy League star and the lusty desire of all the girls in Boston was also a really nice guy who was longing to make love to me. We reached Rod's home which was a mansion. I hesitated a bit and was anxious. Rod gently reassured me that it was the family mansion but he had his own quarters with a separate aspect and car park. 

He had total privacy and independence. We drove through the big iron gates and up the winding drive to a side of the huge mansion. As we drove around some trees and a hedge we parked in a secluded yard and in front of an entrance way that was larger than most big houses in the suburbs! My heart was thumping with excitement and old memories. No one in Boston knew about my childhood. The sight of the mansion and the old stone paving, gnarled old trees and manicured lawns brought back distant memories.  

Rod led me up the steps to the door and we went in. We were both in a heightened state of sexual arousal but he was still the charming guy and got us a glass of wine each and then he kissed me. He put on some nice jazz music and dimmed the lights and came back to kiss me. But passions surged as we absorbed the great atmosphere of his apartment within the mansion. Slowly we started to grope each other and it got so steamy that we quickly moved to the bed room. 

Rod quickly had my blouse and bra off and was kissing my breasts and nuzzling them with his hot lips and tongue. My firm and upright C cup tits were tingling with pleasure and exquisite sensations ran up my whole body as he firmly but gently cupped one and rolled the nipple with his finger and thumb while he kissed and licked the other. He knew how to lick the tip very gently and really stimulate my sensitive nerves. 

I was moaning as I held on to his head and arm while he gently lowered me on to the huge bed. The whole atmosphere of the room with the romantic and stimulating jazz music was enhancing the raw passion running through my body. I had not been with a man for over 6 months and I was not yet 22 years old. 

My hormones were running wild. I moaned and gasped and Rod now undid my skirt and hooked his fingers into my panties and started to remove them. He started to kiss down to my stomach and spent some time on my belly button. Rod kept telling me how beautiful and sexy I was. He gazed into my eyes smiling that charming smile. 

As Rod kissed down my stomach he reached my groin and he gently parted my thighs as he started to kiss and lick my inner thighs and the outer mound around my pussy. The sensation was unbearable. It was over 6 months since Angelo has last eaten out my tight pussy. 

He had been so good at it but now Rod was a lot bigger and stronger. But he was also gentle and caring. I now could feel his lips and tongue probe the outer lips of my soaking pussy. I moaned told him how wonderful it felt and how long it had been since I had a man do that to me. 

I raised my knees and opened my thighs to give him more comfortable access to eat my pussy. Oh, the incredible pleasure and waves of passion I could feel rolling in my gut as he penetrated the lips with his tongue and licked up to gently flick my clitoris. 

I yelped with sudden excruciating pleasure and my whole body trembled. I thought I was about to cum. Rod looked into my eyes and smiled as he gently slid a finger into my soaked pussy and firmly pressed up to touch my G-spot while he captured my clit in his lips and flicked it with his tongue. His technique was a bit stronger than Angelo's but it felt amazing. 

I was in a frenzy as my hips bucked up to meet Rod's lips and tongue while his finger worked its magic in my tight cunt. What ecstasy and after so long. Rod then started blowing on my clit while licking it and my mind just exploded with the electric thunder bolts that hit my clit and went right though my guts to my brain. I wailed and screamed 

"Rod..... aaaaaahh" and I exploded into an incredible orgasm as I grabbed his head and thrust my hips on to his face and bucked so hard I almost fell off the bed. My whole body convulsed and my thighs trembled as wave after wave hit me and shook me. Rod had pulled his finger out of my pussy and was kissing and licking me sensitive cunt while taking his attention away from the now oversensitive clit. 

He moved up towards me & I realised that I was totally naked while rod still had most of his clothes on. I quickly helped undress him as my feminine instinct took over. Here was this amazingly handsome hunk of a man who had just given me such earth shattering pleasure that I wanted to reciprocate to the best of my inexperienced ability. 

I clung on to Rod and as he got naked I gently made him recline on his many big pillows and started kissing passionately. I told him what an amazing lover he was and how great he had made me feel. I could not believe that I had resisted him for 2 months and delayed this pleasure for myself. I kissed his lips and his face and his big muscular chest. I am an athletic lean 5 foot 8 and Rod is 6 foot 4. I felt small in his arms as I nuzzled my breasts against his chest and belly as I kissed him downwards until I reached his huge throbbing cock. 

Rod's cock was at least 8 inches long and so thick that I could not wrap my fingers around it. The animal lust exuding from the phallus was making my insides churn. My recently satisfied pussy started to throb and cream copiously again. Oh, how I wished I could have that beautiful hunk of cock meat buried in my hot tight cunt. But I had to please Rod first. 

I gently kissed the big red head of his hard cock and it pulsed a bit. I looked at him and smiled at his eyes as I slowly licked the head all around. The musky taste along with the sexual tension sent a thrill up my spine as I slowly started to take his cock head into my mouth and suck and kiss and lick it. I loved sucking Anton's cock and this was thicker and longer. 

It was still a wonderful sexual phallus that urged me to make love to it & please it like Rod had pleased my pussy. I licked and kissed the whole shaft and I spent time on his balls and took each of them into my mouth and rolled then gently. 

I leaned forward and licked the sensitive junction under his balls and heard Rod take a sharp breath as I swiped my tongue in one long quick stroke from his balls to the tip of his purple cock head. The pre-cum was leaking through the slit and I licked that up and tasted the musky, sour and sweet liquid as I spread it with my spit all over his cock. 

I looked up to catch his expression but I saw Rod look to his left. I turned and saw that he was looking at a huge mirror that reflected both of us lying on the bed with me kneeling at his groin and sucking his cock. I had never seen myself like this and it hit me like a tidal wave. Rod was looking at me in the mirror and smiling a lusty and roguish smile. I was so self-conscious and yet very aroused by the sight of us both naked and reflected in this huge mirror.   I realised how hot and sexy I looked as I leaned over his lap and sucked his cock. My blond hair was draped around his legs while by left breast was mashed against his thigh. My firm curvy ass was tilted up and I could feel and see Rod's hand caressing my ass. 

As I kissed his cock head and licked it I could see my full pink lips wrap around his thick meat pole and my tongue run around the shaft. I could even see a thin string of pre-cum run from the cock head to my lips as I felt Rod's cock throb and pulse in my lips. I heard a whirring sound and realised that Rod had a remote in his hands and was turning the bed around so that we could have a better view of the mirror so that he could watch me sucking his cock.

I was now at a very high level of arousal. My pussy was churning and leaking juices while my nipples were hard as pebbles and tingling. I needed Rod to fuck me. As I just kept kissing his cock & licking the head I rubbed my tits on his thighs. He then slowly drew me to his face& kissed me passionately and told me how hot I was and how horny I made him. I kissed his ears and told him that I hoped he enjoyed my oral love making as much I had enjoyed his. 

I could still taste Rod's pre-cum. I told him that it was the first time that any man had watched me in a mirror like this and I found it very arousing. He again gave that roguish smile and started kissing my face as he said "It will be hotter when we watch ourselves fuck"! This only escalated my lust and desire to have his cock buried in my pussy. I reached down to feel Rod's cock and felt it hard and heavy. I crooned into his ears and told him what a great cock he had and I could not wait for him to get it into my pussy and fuck me. 

I stuck my tongue into his ears and probed the sensitive skin while I rubbed my tits on his chest and squeezed his cock. To my utter delight his cock gave a definite throb and a pulse. He then kissed me & said that since he had enjoyed so much pleasure it was now his turn to please me with a prolonged fuck. He wanted to know if I had any special likes and I said that I was not very experienced and I wanted to feel his passion and lust and the way he wanted to enjoy my body. I suddenly realised that Rod's cock was now pulsing and pointing up and towards the ceiling. I gave it a squeeze and stroked his balls

Rod gently kissed my lips and my tits and stroked my ass as he lay me down on the bed. He parted my thighs and raised my knees as he positioned himself between my open thighs. He had positioned me in such a way that I could see my wet pussy in the mirror and I was propped up on the big pillow so I could see the mirror over Rod's shoulder. Rod looked deep into my eyes as he lowered his hips and his thick cock head touched my pussy lips. 

I gasped and said "Fuck me Rod, I want your beautiful hard cock deep in my tight pussy". He replied "My pleasure Susan. I wanted to fuck you so bad from the day I first saw you". His voice was trembling with lust and passions and his eyes were burning into mine as he slowly eased his cock head into my cunt entrance. I raised my hips in anticipation and wanted more. He pushed in a bit and stopped. 

I could feel the surge of pleasure run through me as his cock entered a couple of inches and really stretched my pussy. Oh...I had never taken such a big cock before. It was 6 months since I had been fucked. I did NOT use a dildo or a vibrator. My pussy felt almost like I was a virgin. Well.... Not quite ... but it was very tight. I could feel Rod's cock pulsing in my cunt and I could feel my cunt walls cling to his cock and spasm around it. 

Rod was smiling that roguish smile and saying that I had the tightest pussy he had seen in a long time. He withdrew his cock to the entrance and I felt this huge disappointment and emptiness and Rod notice this and quickly trust his hips into me and stretched me further. He had gone deeper and the pleasure was incredible. Rod again withdrew his cock to the very exit of my cunt lips and thrust firmly and with each stroke he was getting deeper and stretching my pussy further. 

My pussy was like a volcano on fire as it spewed its juices and burned with exquisite pleasure. I was absolutely amazed by the scene in the mirror as I could see this thick cock plough into my tight pink pussy and wisps of blond pubic hair clung to my ivory skin as it was matted with our juices. I could see Rod's balls tighten up and sway a bit as he ploughed his hard cock into my pulsing cunt. I started whimpering and moaning as my pussy accommodated his cock completely and I could feel his balls now slapping on my ass. I knew I was not far away from my orgasm and Rod had not cum yet. So I encouraged him to fuck me and I said that I wanted to feel his hot semen in my inner most depths. I told him to make us cum together.   Rod smiled that roguish smile again and started fucking me with long firm stokes and pushing me closer to my orgasm. I could feel my pussy clasp firmly on this thick cock meat and try to milk it and I heard Rod grunt and increase the tempo but shorten the strokes. I knew then that he was about to cum and I thrust back at him as our passions climbed suddenly and exploded in a crescendo. Rod was grunting and panting and thrusting into my pussy and I was bucking and wailing and whimpering as I clung on to his shoulders as he collapsed on the side. His cock slipped out of my pussy and I gasped with disappointment. 

I continued to date Rod for 2 years. Our sex life was great as we fucked at least twice a week and on weekends. Rod was going steady with me and it was the talk of Harvard and Boston -- Rod Tucker was serious about just one girl! I had graduated and taken up a job. My move to my current job was a big step up. Life was looking great and then one day it all came crashing down. 

________________________________

It was a couple of months after my 23rd birthday party. I had gone to a girlfriend's place on a Sunday afternoon to collect some books on ancient Indian Yoga that I was so keen on. Amanda had left the door ajar and I walked into the lounge and was shocked to see her boyfriend Danny sitting there in front of the TV watching a couple having sex. He said "Ooops ... sorry Amanda is running late and would not be back for another hour. He looked very nervous and embarrassed. 

I had assumed that he was watching a porn movie. I had never been introduced to porn and I was curious as I carefully looked at the big TV screen. I got the shock of my life when I saw the scene was the very familiar big bed in Rod's mansion and the picture was of me getting fucked doggy style by Rod. I was obviously in uncontrollable lust and Rod had that roguish lusty look on his face. 

I suddenly came back to reality ... I was angry and humiliated and mixed with all kinds of emotions. I screamed as tears came flooding down. Danny backed down and looked scared and he was lost for words. I yelled at him and asked him how he got that video clip. 
