 It was the middle of December, the air crisp and clean, snow lightly falling to the ground where it sat, building into a nice layer on the ground . Ashley and I sat inside next to the fireplace, resting against a large pillow, our favorite books in our hands. Becca had gone home to visit family for the holidays, so it was just Ashley and I.

The problem with sitting at home not doing anything physical is that I get antsy. I need to get up and do something. I kept trying to read my book but I couldn't stay focused on it. I think in the three minutes I kept trying to read, I made it through a single paragraph.

Finally, I closed my book and looked out the window, trying to think of something to do that wouldn't drive Ashley absolutely insane, like I usually did when I got this way.

"Honey," she said, putting her hand on my arm. "Are you okay?"

"Yeah, baby," I answered. "I'm just starting to get fidgety."

"I can tell." She smiled at me, a warm understanding smile that made my insides melt. "Is there anything I can do?"

"I don't know. You want to go for a walk in the snow?" She thought about it for a minute and said that she would and we got up to get warm clothes on.

A few minutes later, we were ready to go. Both of us in two or three layers of clothes, hats and gloves...the works. Ashley was wearing her snow pants; big bulky things that made funny sounds when she walked. She had on her thick winter jacket while I went with a nice heavy sweatshirt and my black drover coat, which my mum had brought back from Australia, along with some thermal pants, jeans and my waterproof hiking boots. Smiling at each other, we stepped out, the cold wind feeling good against my face.

We held hands as we walked, looking at the houses and their decorations. It felt good to be outside with the woman I loved. We walked along slowly, just enjoying being with each other. I put my arm around her shoulders and she held onto my waist, doing nothing but looking around and talking about unimportant things.

After an hour or so, we realized we had walked clear out of our neighborhood and into a small wooded area behind the development. It took Ashley stepping on a branch to break the spell we had woven, both of us suddenly stopping and looking around, not seeing the trees for the forest, as it were.

Ashley started laughing first, but I joined her quickly. It seemed ridiculous that we could walk what seemed like two or three miles, completely out of our neighborhood and not even notice. I leaned back against a nearby tree and doubled over from laughing so hard, my hands on my knees.

I was taken by surprise when a snowball hit me right in the chest, bits of snow spraying all over the place, hitting me in the face.

I looked up, spitting snow out of my mouth and saw Ashley, her red hair flying as she ran away from me, her infectious laugh echoing in the air. I grinned and ran after her, ducking under tree branches and around bushes. This was exactly what I needed. 

I kept up the chase for about a minute and realized she was heading for the stream that ran through the woods. I smiled and changed course, taking a route that would get me to the stream before Ashley's zig zagging path.

She came to a clearing and turned to look for me and realized I wasn't there.

"Will? Are you there? Where'd you go?"

I thought about letting this go on and letting her get scared but I wasn't that kind of guy. She'd be angrier than anything and probably end up kicking my ass. Instead, I ran out from my hiding place behind the small bushes and grabbed her around the waist and dragged her to the ground, laughing the entire time.

Ashley rolled with my tackle and ended up on top of me, falling to my side, laughing loudly, her breath clouding the air. I laughed along with her, holding her close to me, both of us lying on my coat in the snow. She leaned over and kissed me, her breath warm against my lips. I returned her kiss and then smiled, the two of us just resting there, looking up through the snow kissed trees into the cloud-whitened sky.

Ashley grinned at me and whispered in my ear. "I have an idea."

I turned my head and looked at her, raising my eyebrows.

She leaned in and licked my ear. "Snow angels!" She rolled off of my coat and laid in the snow, waving her arms and legs madly, indeed making a snow angel. All I could do was laugh.

"Come on, you stick in the mud! Make snow angels!"

I shook my head and shrugged out of my coat and lay down next to her and started making a snow angel. Ashley surprised me by suddenly getting up and diving over me onto my coat, leaving me there in the snow. I looked over at her and she laughed, unzipping her coat.

"Great," she said. "Now I'm getting warm." I simply grinned at her and she continued laughing. I crawled over to her and lay down next to her on my coat. I quickly pulled up her shirt and blew a raspberry on her belly, which I knew tickled her immensely, but it seemed like the perfect thing to do.

She tried to curl up in a ball, laughing all the while, and then laid back down as I stopped and smiled down at her. She looked up at me and bit her lip, which she knew I found sexy. She shivered from the cold. I hadn't pulled her shirt back down. I looked down at her flat tummy and saw that she had snowflakes on her skin. I looked Ashley in the eye and moved my mouth to her stomach.

I looked up at her from there and stuck out my tongue, licking away a single snowflake. She gasped and moved her hand to my head as I moved my tongue across her skin to another snowflake, gently licking it off of her. He chest rose sharply and her green eyes closed as my tongue touched her.

I scooped snowflakes off of her toned stomach, her body warming up a little more each time I touched her. I pushed my tongue into her navel, getting more snow, Ashley's hips coming up off of the ground slightly.

"Oh god," she whispered. "Your tongue is so warm and I'm so cold. Please."

She didn't have to say anything after that. I undid the button on her snow pants and pulled them down, along with her cold weather pants, smiling when I saw she was wearing no panties. She grinned, embarrassed, her face turning even redder than the cold had made it so far.

I pushed her pants down to her ankles and lifted her legs, moving my head underneath them. I took a second to look at her, her body perfect, the snowflakes falling gently onto her pale skin. I leaned my head down and gently licked the insides of her thighs, moving my hands to hold her hips.

As soon as I touched her, her hands went out and dug into my coat, balling it up in her fists and letting out a gasp. I touched her lips with the very tip of my tongue and I thought she was going to orgasm right there. She held back though and I smiled, knowing I was going to enjoy torturing her to orgasm.

I licked her slowly up and down, pushing her lips slightly apart with my tongue. I pushed my tongue into her slowly and moved it downward, then moved my left hand up to massage her clitoral hood to put indirect pressure on her clit, something that drove her crazy.

I pushed my nose against her clit gently as I continued to lick her, listening to her moan in the almost dead silence of the woods. She bucked slightly against my tongue, her body shivering from my tongue strokes as well as the temperature. Neither of us paid the weather any mind though, as our minds were too far removed to worry about it.

"Will, please. Don't tease me, not now." I grinned and attacked her clit with a vengeance, licking it, sucking it, moving it around with my nose. Ashley started pinching her cold-hardened nipples through her shirt, her moans getting louder.

I took her nub in my mouth, sucking on it and tugged my head backwards. Ashley cried out, her hips bucking completely off of the ground. I could feel her body tense, almost over the edge and I backed off, barely brushing her lips with my tongue, not touching her clit at all.

Ashley raised her head and looked down at me, her face bright red. Her chest was heaving and she had anger in her eyes. "Don't stop now. Christ." She dropped her head back to the coat and pushed her hips toward me, trying to force my tongue deeper into her. I chuckled and pulled away from her, keeping my tongue just out of reach.

She whimpered as I released the pressure, trying to keep contact. I kept pulling away, making her whine more. I stuck my hand under my chest and pulled my glove off and reached over and grabbed a handful of snow, chuckling, which made Ashley lean up. Her eyes got wide as I moved the snow over her clit and it started to melt, one single drop falling onto her clit.

Ashley shuddered as it hit her and then screamed as my warm tongue licked the melted water off. Another drop fell, followed quickly by my tongue. She groaned and arched her back, the sudden changes between warm and cold pushing her close to the edge again.

I moved my hand slightly and let the water drip further up, licking that away too. Ashley moaned from the loss of contact with the head of her bud, her legs trying to capture me as my tongue brushed her skin.

I let the rest of the snow melt and kept pace with my tongue then moved my frozen fingertips to her entrance, making her scream as cold fought with warmth. I pushed a finger into her and her body jerked at my touch, at once wanting it for pleasure and not wanting it for the cold.

"Oh, please, Will. I need it now. Please." Her begging set me off and I curled my finger, stroking her front wall as I latched onto her clit with my mouth, pulling, sucking and licking it, almost willing her to orgasm.

She humped my mouth in return, her legs clamping onto my head, squeezing almost hard enough to hurt. Suddenly, she froze and cried out, her chest heaving and her muscles contracting around my finger. She lifted her ass clear off of my coat as she released and then finally dropped back to the ground, panting wildly.

I gave her clit a soft kiss and removed my fingers from her, letting her lie there and collect herself. I ducked my head from between her legs and moved up next to her, my snow-wet pants clinging to my legs.

"Baby," I said quietly. "Are you okay?" She nodded and opened her eyes, smiling at me. Suddenly, she looked over my shoulder and her eyes went wide.

I turned my head and it took me a minute to realize what she was looking at: while we were out here playing, it had gotten dark. I laughed and helped her up. She pulled up her pants and shivered, which I also did as I reclaimed my coat. We smiled at each other and linked arms, heading back the way we came.

"Baby," Ashley said.

"Yeah?"

"When we get home, we need to get busy."

I grinned. "That was what I had in mind."

She laughed and thumped me in the chest. "No, I mean in the kitchen. We're supposed to make cinnamon rolls for tomorrow."

"Mmmmmm," I replied. "Cinnamon."

She laughed; she knew what he smell of cinnamon did to me. We walked back to the house quickly, the dropping temperature getting to me, since my clothes were wet.

On the way back, she told me she loved me and I told her I loved her too. She put her arm around my waist and I put mine around her shoulders. I leaned my head on her and she reached her other hand over and grabbed my crotch, squeezing it through my pants. I groaned and told her that that wasn't going to get us home any faster.

"Well, I'll quit if you want," she said, her face creased with a grin. She let go of me and ran ahead a few steps and started shaking her ass in those monstrous snow pants. I just had to laugh. I ran forward to catch up to her, but she dodged behind a tree and started playing cat and mouse with me.

I lunged around the tree and grabbed her sleeve, pulling her to me. She wrapped her arms around me and pulled me into a deep kiss, our tongues intertwining. I wrapped my arms around her, sliding my hand down the back of her pants. Ashley slid her hand into my pants and started groping me again, this time through only one layer. It was an odd sensation, the feeling of insulated fabric against my cock.

She stopped rubbing me and starting running off ahead of me, laughing her wonderful laugh. I grinned and chased after her, catching up to her by the first house of our development, which was still near the woods. I grabbed her arm and spun her around, kissing her, both of us smiling into the kiss.

She pushed me against the house, pressing her body into mine. I tried to say that we should head for home but she cut off any protests with her tongue, which slipped over and under mine.

Ashley broke the kiss and knelt in the snow, the lights in the house contrasting the darkness and the silence of the woods creating an almost unreal quality. She unzipped my jeans and continued stroking me through my long johns. I groaned and leaned my head back against the white siding of the house, putting one hand on her shoulder to steady myself.

From the constant pressure and our activities earlier, I was almost to the boiling point already. I mumbled that I was ready to cum and she pulled the waistband down, the cold air hitting me like a sledgehammer, making her warm mouth seem fiery hot by comparison as she sucked the head and stroked me through my long johns.

She grabbed a small handful of snow and grinned, popping it into her mouth, replacing it on my cock. I groaned and felt like my insides were going to come out through my penis. I grunted and orgasmed in her mouth, my eyes clamped shut and fireworks exploding behind my eyelids. The fabric kept moving up and down on my shaft as her tongue worked miracles on the head. I jerked slightly in her mouth, my hips moving forward.

Ashley grinned up at me and replaced the waistband of my pants, zipping me up and buttoning my pants for me. I helped her up off the ground and kissed her on the forehead. Then, we linked arms again and headed for home.

We got inside and I immediately started stripping off my pants since they were the wettest. I tossed them on the floor, where they landed with a splat. My sweatshirt followed but it wasn't as wet. I pulled off my cold weather pants and stood there in a long-sleeved t-shirt, super warm wool socks and a pair of boxer briefs.

Ashley started laughing, pointing at me. I looked down and had to start laughing too. I moved so she could work on getting out of her things. She shrugged out of her coat and hung it up and then started working on her snow pants. I had to help her out of her boots first, since her snow pants were so big and bulky.

She sat on the arm of the blue chair and undid the button and the zipper and I pulled on the cuffs. I tugged on them and they didn't move. I pulled hard and they started to move. Without warning, they came off, sending me falling backwards, tripping on the coffee table and landing on the couch. All I could do was laugh at myself, sitting there with Ashley's snow pants in my hand.

Ashley grinned at me and stood up, moving across the room. I started to stand up but she pushed me back down with a finger to the chest. She straddled my lap and leaned in to kiss me hard, her tongue flicking against my lips. She ground her crotch into me and I moaned into her mouth.

She pushed back off of me and grinned. "We have desserts to make, baby." She took my hand and led me to the kitchen, her beautiful ass swaying in front of me in her long johns. I would have followed her anywhere.

We walked into the kitchen, the scent of cinnamon wafting through the air. I took a deep whiff of it and my cock got rock hard. I tried to pull Ashley closer, but she just grinned at me and pulled away, moving to the oven to pull out the trays of cinnamon rolls that we still needed to glaze. She clicked the oven off of 'Warm' and set them on the island counter on a cooling rack.

She picked up a bowl of a cinnamon and sugar mix in melted butter that I had made that morning and looked at me over it, dipping her finger into the mixture then licking it clean. I started to move toward her but she moved away to the other side of the island. I grinned at her and she grinned back, knowing exactly what was going through my mind.

Ashley started brushing the rolls, a smirk on her face. I shook my head and went to the refrigerator and got out the icing I had made for the cinnamon rolls. I walked to the microwave, Ashley watching me the entire time, still grinning.

I hit the buttons and leaned back to make sure the icing didn't blow up. I pulled it out and walked back to the island, Ashley still keeping her distance. She slid me one tray and flinched back laughing as I tried to grab her arm. I flung a small spoonful of the icing at her and it landed right on the front of her shirt.

She looked down at her chest and back up at me, raising an eyebrow. I immediately started to apologize, but she cut me off. "Don't you think you should be over here cleaning that up?"

I stared at her for half a second and then raced around the island, taking her in my arms. She looked up at me and grinned, so I leaned down and licked the icing off of her shirt. She wrapped one arm around my neck and shoved her chest toward me so I took a swollen nipple into my teeth and bit it through the fabric. She moaned and leaned into me.

I was about to do the same for the other when she pushed me away and started pulling on my shirt. I helped her by raising my arms and then pulling off the shirt the last few inches that she couldn't reach. As I pulled the last of the shirt off, she grabbed the bowl she had been using and pulled out the brush, slathering my chest with cinnamon-sugar mix.

I inhaled and she latched onto one of my nipples with her teeth, grinding them back and forth, almost sending me over the edge into pain. Her teeth felt like small vise grips on my nipple. She blew across where she had bitten and then sucked on my nipple some more.

I put my hand on the back of her head and she suddenly switched nipples, again squeezing it between her teeth, my arms flying out as she drove me toward the edge again. She released it and looked up at me, licking cinnamon and sugar off of her lips.

I took two deep breaths and started pulling at her shirt but she backed away from me, grinning still. She turned her back, looking over her shoulder at me, her red hair flowing over her shoulders. She nodded her head toward the kitchen window and I smiled, walking over and turning on the small radio we have there. Some dance remix of a Christmas song came on, something I didn't recognize. Ashley began swaying her hips to the beat, her long johns tight against her athletic legs.

She turned back to me, her eyes alive with desire but she kept her distance, still dancing to the music. Her hands went to the hem of her shirt, slowly pulling it up. She tossed it on the floor and her bra quickly followed. She turned back to me, one arm across her breasts, the other hand running through her crimson hair.

She turned her back on me again, her hands clasping behind her head, her behind still swaying to the beat. I could just make out the sides of her breasts as they moved back and forth to her dancing. She lowered her hands to the waistband of her pants, slowly pushing them down over her alluring hips.

Once they got past her hips, they fell to the ground easily, Ashley's firm, delicious behind swaying there, tempting me. She smiled at me over her shoulder then turned to face me, her awe inspiring body moving in slow motion as I looked her up and down. My gaze roaming from her long succulent neck to her full round breasts, over her taut belly, her shaved groin, down her firm legs and back up.

I got to her lovely face and smiled at her as she melted into my arms, leaning up to kiss me, our tongues touching. I reached out a hand and grabbed the same bowl she had used earlier and gently pushed her back against the island, facing me.
