 I checked my piece of paper for the last time, making sure I'd got the address correct. Yes, Flat 19b. I raised my hand to push the buzzer and hesitated. What if we had no longer had a connection? I hadn't seen Joe since I was ten and he twelve, and although we used to play together almost every day, each other's best friends, we had all but lost contact since I'd moved away. 

Finally, knowing that I couldn't stand out here forever, I pushed the buzzer and stepped back from the door. Almost instantly, it opened, making me think he had been waiting for me especially. He'd known I was coming to see him - I'd spoken to him on the phone only a few days before. I was surprised at first by how much his voice had changed. His warm honey tones greeted me now, with an enthusiastic, "Hello! It's so good to see you again!" I was engulfed in a pair of strong, muscular arms, and he held me tight for a good couple of minutes before letting me go and stepping back to have a look at me. 

He'd grown, a lot. I don't quite know what I'd been expecting, but as I remembered a twelve year old boy, the twenty two year old man standing in front of me came as quite a surprise. His face had changed shape, but he still had those dimples when he smiled. He was smiling broadly at me right now, looking me up and down. I'd had to dress warmly because of the heavy snow fall outside, but I still felt a little uncomfortable under his gaze. It went on just a little too long. 

He seemed to catch himself mid-thought, and shook head a little confusedly. "I'm sorry," he said. "Would you like to come in? It's freezing out here." The awkwardness between us diminished slightly, but the feeling of something known, but unknown at the same time persisted. I had known this man as a boy, seen him almost every day - spending my free time with him, making up games and sharing our treats. But now, he stood in front of me, a virtual stranger. I had no idea about his past ten years, how he thought, what he was capable of, and yet I still trusted him. Caught on the edge of indecision, I looked into his warm brown eyes one more time, and stepped past him into his flat. 

I was pleasantly surprised. The flat was warm and cosy, and surprisingly tidy. He'd always been a tidy boy, insisting on clearing up his toys before starting with something else, in direct conflict with my ability to leave things everywhere and not really be too bothered. It was also quite well decorated, which lead me to believe that he either had a female flatmate or a girlfriend. I felt an odd little tinge of jealousy for a moment, strange, considering I'd only just met the man Joe had become. 

He closed the door behind me, and followed me as I stood awkwardly in his living room. "Tea?" he asked. I nodded my assent, and he waved one of his large hands in an expansive gesture at the couches. "Please make yourself comfortable," he said, and walked toward the kitchen. A thought occurred to him as he started to stride toward the kitchen, and he turned back toward me. "I also don't mind feet on the sofa," he added, winking at me, before turning and going into the kitchen to make some tea. I smiled to myself. After all these years, he still remembered that I liked to sit with my feet up under me, even when on furniture. The wink he'd given me left me mildly out of breath, my heart hammering. He had certainly grown up well. 

I had no sooner taken off my boots and coat, and sat on the sofa, feet up under my bottom, when he returned with a cup of tea for me. I accepted it gratefully, curling my fingers around the mug through the handle, both hands around the cup. I sipped it slowly: it was milky and sweet, just the way I liked it. I smiled with pleasure as the warming liquid started to thaw me from the inside out. It was cold out there! 

"I got it right, did I?" he asked. "You still like your tea that way?" 

"It's lovely, thank you Joe." I leaned back and started to relax. This wasn't so strange after all. He felt oddly comforting, and a sense of the familiar started to come over me, warming me. "So, what have you been up to for the past 10 years?" I asked, jokingly. 

He chuckled, and then began to tell me all about what he'd been up to since he'd left. He told me about his high school rowing career, his first girlfriend, his love of ecology. I told him about my dream to become a teacher, my first kiss, and how my parents were doing. We must have talked for a couple of hours, until the tea was gone, and I felt we had caught up. He hadn't mentioned his girlfriend, so I decided to prod a little. 

"You decorate this place yourself?" I asked, gesturing to the prints on the walls, the sofa with the cushions, the rug on the floor. 

To my amazement, he turned a deep shade of red, and looked away from me for a moment. "No," he said slowly. "I had... um.. help." 

I waited for him to continue. 

"Mom," he said. 

I started to laugh at his obvious embarrassment that his mom had decorated his flat. I guess this wasn't a terribly manly thing to be admitting, but it was quite endearing in a way. He blushed furiously in that way he used to, but I caught him taking a sneaky peek at my breasts as I was laughing. That sobered me up a little, and I started to blush a little too. 

Trying to change the mood slightly, I stood up, knees cracking, and started to pull on my coat. 

"Let's go play in the snow," I suggested. 

I was pulling on my boots, as he stood up, a twinkle in his eye. 

"Just like old times, huh?" he asked. I smiled at him, pulling on my gloves, and slipping my woolly hat over my ears. 

"You know I'm gonna kick your butt, like I used to, right?" 

He crossed the room in a couple of strides, so fast that I was taken completely aback. He stood right up close to me, looking down at me. He narrowed his eyes, making me feel small, and intimidated. He moved his face right down, close enough to me to be able to kiss him just by standing on my toes. I could feel his breath on my face, the heat of his body, and I hoped he couldn't hear how fast my heart was beating. He looked at me for a moment, his eyes moving rapidly over my face. 

"Challenge? Accepted." 

Then he moved away to pull on a scarf and collect his front door keys. 

As I stepped out into the snow, the cold took my breath away. It had been so warm inside Joe's flat, I'd forgotten completely about the weather outside, and the fact that the snow was actually cold. I tucked my scarf into the top of my coat more snugly, and shivered a little, both with the cold, and a little with anticipation. Unbidden, an image of his warm hands running over my naked shoulders flashed into my mind, and I bit my lip, wondering what had got into me. 

I heard the sounds of Joe's feet crunching in the snow as he approached me after locking up the flat, and pocketing the keys. I stared out toward the park across the road, and waited for him, not turning to greet him. A couple of moments later, I felt his gloved hand take mine, tentatively. I looked up into his smiling eyes, and he didn't hesitate as he pulled me toward the park. Holding onto his hand seemed the most natural thing in the world, something we'd always done, even as children. This time, however, it simultaneously felt electric, exciting. Another mental image of those strong arms holding his weight above me came to mind, and I pushed it away, shocked by the raw animal lust that seemed to be taking over my being. 

We crossed the road together, still holding hands. I nearly fell when I stepped on a smooth patch of compacted snow, and I clung to his hand for balance. He didn't budge, but held my hand up until I had regained my balance, watching me with amusement, as I squealed and struggled for grip on the smooth surface. Regaining my balance, I gratefully smiled at him, mouthing a "thanks", as I concentrated harder on getting to the other side without further incident. Stepping onto the fresh snow which covered the park, he let go of my hand suddenly, and started to run off into the park. He turned to run backwards for a bit, calling to me, trashtalking, telling me how he was going to "own me". 

Responding in kind, I narrowed my eyes and pulled a tongue at him. I darted off in a different direction, to where the snow was thicker, and there was a little more cover afforded by a small group of bushes. I was laughing already, the tension between us forgotten for a brief moment as I concentrated on my strategy. I noticed that there didn't seem to be any other people in the park - the snow was fresh and thick, and didn't have those tell tale signs that showed children had been sledging in it. It was just the two of us. Joe, and me, just like old times. I shivered again. 

A snowball whizzed by my head, narrowly missing me. It was followed by an unintelligible shout of triumph from Joe, which carried across the park. Apparently, he was not going to take any prisoners, and didn't think it was required to treat me like a lady. Fine with me! I started to run in the opposite direction, giving myself time to collect snow, and making it more difficult for him to hit me. I even dodged about a little, hoping that a moving target would be more difficult to hit. While running, I scooped up some snow and threw it in his direction. The snowball hadn't been formed correctly though, and it disintegrated as it left my hand. I heard Joe jeering at me, calling me soft, asking me if I'd lost it in my old age. 

I laughed out loud, ducking for cover as he threw yet another snowball at me. His aim was terribly off, and it fell harmlessly in the snow beside me. I bent, scooped up a handful of snow, and started compact it into a ball. Then, straightening up again, I took careful aim, leaving my guard down for a moment, and hurled it full force at his chest. He was a fair distance away, but I watched in satisfaction as it hit its mark, exploding in a puff of snowflakes, leaving a white mark on his jacket. He whirled, narrowed his eyes at me, and threw another one at me. I nimbly ran for cover behind a tree, avoiding the most of it, screaming with delight at our game. I was panting by this stage, from the exertion of running full tilt through snow up to my calves, and rapidly beginning to tire. I crouched down to pick up some more snow, turning as I did so to look over my shoulder for him. He was getting closer with every snowball, and his aim was improving. I chucked it at him, too fast to get a decent shot in or to make a decent snowball. He was running full tilt for me, snowball in hand. He shrugged off my pathetic attempt, and, without stopping, launched a volley of snow at me. I was already on the run, looking over my shoulder as I went. I knew if he caught me, he would grab a large handful of snow down the front of my top like he used to when we were much younger. His snowball caught me at the back of the neck, raising goosebumps, and a squeal from me. I felt a little frission of excitement as I ran - I was being pursued like prey, and I sort of liked it. 

I ducked behind a tree to recover, bending over, hands on my knees to catch my breath. I was breathing really heavily by now, and had snow halfway up my jeans. I could feel the melting snow dripping down the back of my neck, inside my coat, and the freezing cold of it against my hot flesh was a welcome sensation. Slightly recovered, I picked up another handful of snow, and warily glanced around the tree. I felt an impact, and suddenly my face was incredibly cold. I couldn't see. He'd caught me right in the face with his last snowball, and as I rapidly wiped it away to try and see what was going on, I marvelled at his accuracy. He must have been very, very close to have hit me. 

I wiped away a little more snow, blinking away the blurriness, when he tackled me. I felt my feet leave the ground, as he piled his full weight into me, eliciting a startled "oof". We fell to the ground in a tangle of limbs, deep into the soft, powdery snow. I started to giggle almost immediately, pushing my hair away from my face. He was lying on top of me, his knee pressed between my legs, and his face was almost touching mine. I expected him to get off me, apologising, blushing, dusting himself off, like he used to. But he didn't move. He lay on top of me for a few more minutes, looking into my eyes deeply, his rapid breathing misting in the cold December air. Suddenly, I didn't see the boy I used to play with from down the road. This was a full grown, muscular man who had me pinned down in the snow. I was already out of breath, but the nearness of him took the rest of it away. 

He leaned down, and softly covered my mouth with his own. His lips were cold, as were mine, but as my heartbeat sped up, our lips started to thaw. I parted my lips very slightly, an invitation to him, and he deepened the kiss. I could feel his tongue in my mouth, hot and soft, as it intertwined with mine. I moaned a little as we kissed, and he smoothed some of the hair from my face with his gloved hand. I realised that I was now clasping his neck, pushing myself closer to him, desperate to be closer to his skin. I couldn't remember a time when I had felt quite this aroused. I felt as if my entire body was pulsing with my heartbeat, and my breath was coming in ragged gasps as he stopped kissing me quite so tenderly, and started to make grunting noises of want. I could feel him pressing into me, and the very notion of his wanting me aroused me even more. I moaned a little louder, letting him know I wanted him. 

He shifted up onto his elbows, letting some of the warmed air between us escape. I felt him fumbling with something between us, and there was an electric sensation as he brushed against the warm core of me. I gasped and arched my back as he did this, and I saw a steely glint in his eye as he smiled. This was certainly a different side to him, that I'd never before seen, and it excited me. I gasped again as a sudden coldness came in through the fly of my jeans. He'd undone the button and the zip, and was moving them down very slightly over my hips. Worried now, I pushed myself up onto my elbows, but he kissed me again, looking into my eyes earnestly before and after. "Trust me," he whispered. "I won't hurt you." He continued to kiss me as he pushed me slowly back down. He slipped his hand between us both again, and I felt my underwear being pushed aside, and replaced with something hard and warm. A jolt of electricity flowed through me as I realised that he intended to take me, right here, on the edge of the park, in the snow. 

He looked once more into my eyes, making sure that I was OK with this, and when I smiled, he pushed forward ever so slightly, parting me, entering me so slowly. I could feel my muscles stretching around him, and I moaned. I could feel every inch of his smooth, warm hardness as he moved up inside of me. He moved his hot mouth over mine, breathing into my mouth. 

The snow allowed no sound of anything else but our sounds: my gasps, his moans, and the rustle of our coats as they rubbed together. I moved against him, allowing him more access to me, but it was a little awkward with the tiny gap in clothing that we'd allowed. As I pulled him further into me, I could hear his breathing accelerate. We started to move in a slow rhythm, every push in eliciting a soft grunt from him, and every pull out, a small sigh from me. He fit me so well, and we slid together, ignoring the cold. A small trickle of slightly melted snow got inside the waistband of my jeans, melting from my heated flesh, raising goosebumps as it travelled down my lower back. 

I could feel every hair on my body stiffening and standing up as he moved in and out of me, causing an electric sensation over my entire body as my clothes rubbed against me. He was grunting by now, his eyes closed, and visibly shaking as he tried to hold himself back. I gripped onto his neck harder, whispering in his ear to let himself go, how much I wanted him to, how good it felt to have him inside me. He moved one of his hands down between us, presumably to try to rub my clit to give me greater pleasure, but it was impossible with his gloves and mine still on. He did manage to drip a little snow from his glove onto my ovening flesh, making me arch and shudder with the temperature change where our bodies were joined. 

I could feel my muscles start to tremble, a light vibration from within that I'd never felt with a man inside me before (not that I had much experience). I started to gasp, not quite sure what was happening to me, but aware that pleasure must lie on the other end of it, and wanting to communicate with him not to stop what he was doing. I had no words to tell him, only a series of moans, and gasps, using my fingers to dig into his shoulders. He started to speed up, frenzied. 

With a sort of inevitable slowness, a surge of heat started to overcome me, spreading from the source of the trembling and through my entire being. I lost my breath, and became completely incoherent, as pure pleasure overcame me, and all of my muscles clenched me into him, bending me around him. I have no idea if I made any sort of noise at all, or if I was ridiculously loud, as all I could concentrate on was the sensation of my muscles contracting around him. I think the inner trembling must have pushed him over the edge, because he suddenly came, seeming to take him by surprise as his face contorted and he growled loudly. His body went completely stiff as he pushed into me a couple more times, and then relaxed, collapsing on top of me, and panting loudly. 

I was left panting for more, and hoping that this would not be the end of our adventures for the afternoon. I wanted him more than ever. Wanted to rip off his clothes, stroke my hands up and down his skin, dig my nails into his shoulders, but mostly, I wanted to do that inside.