 The day had started gray and frigid, the air crisp and still, and the foreboding. It is was Saturday, and the kids were off to a friend's house for a play date. At first, I was concerned about the weather, but their persistent prodding forced me to say yes and I drove them across town. A little quiet time after such a tense week would do me some good too.

On my way back home, the snow started to fall heavily, covering the ground completely after just a few minutes. As I pulled into my driveway, my cell phone rang. It was the mother of the friend whose house I had just left my kids. She invited my kids stay over so I wouldn't have to venture back in the snow. They, of course, jumped at the opportunity.

Feeling free and being a lover of snowy days, I sat on the front porch and soaked in the peaceful atmosphere. The heavy snow deadened the sounds of the world, enhancing the soft sounds of flakes falling and the wind blowing. After a short while, several inches had blanketed the area. A lone car ventured down the road, swerving and skidding, the sounds disturbing my serene setting. As I watched, the car spun out and wound up stuck on my lawn. I ran over to see if I could help.

Wendy lived a few blocks away. She was a single mother who I had met several times at school functions and soccer games. We were cordial but only casual acquaintances. When I got to the door of the car, Wendy was more pissed than she was hurt. The wheels of the car were stuck and spun freely and she was upset. I offered to help and ran to get some shovels. Within a few minutes of digging, we had made some progress when a large plough came barreling down the street throwing a huge blanket of snow to its side. Before we could react, the plough had covered us with wet snow. We were a sorry sight. We looked at each other and laughed.

I invented Wendy into the house to dry off and share a hot drink. The house was warm and we immediately stripped off our coats, hats, and boots and sat down at the kitchen table for some hot cocoa. As we sat and talked, I studied Wendy's features. She was short, medium build with small breasts and a bit round in the hips. Her eyes were a dazzling blue, both kind and knowing. In her late thirties and divorced, Wendy was a dedicated mom, caring more for her kids than herself. Yet there were signs that she was something more.

As we chatted, she began to shiver. We were enjoying each other's company so much that we forgot that we were wet and cold. I offered to throw her clothes in the drier and give her something to wear in the meantime. At first she declined, but at my insistence, she accepted. I went to the bedroom to get some sweatpants and sweatshirts, but then I saw the robes. They were thick, soft terry cloth, a present from my sister. I stripped off my wet clothes and put on a robe, tying it at the waist.

When I returned to the kitchen, Wendy was not there. Confused, I heard her down in the laundry room. When I got there, I was confronted by the image of Wendy undressing in front of the dryer. I was stunned seeing her standing there in just her panties and bra, the rest of the clothes already in the drying. She turned and saw me staring. She smiled and said that as parents we had seen enough so as not to be shy. That didn't stop the blood from rushing to my groin.

Wendy was quite a package. Her breasts were tiny, with thick, red nipples stiff from the cold. Her legs were short and athletic, complete with an exquisite pink pedicure. Her hips were round and you could tell that she was soft in all the right places. I must have been staring, because she smiled and asked me if I like what I was seeing. Embarrassed, I handed her the other robe and gathered up the wet clothes to put in the dryer as she put on her robe. I had to concentrate, fighting to keep from getting an erection but it was a losing battle. As I bent down to put the clothes in the dryer, the unthinkable happened... my now full erection flopped right out of my robe into full view. There was no way to hide it so I made a snap decision. I turned to face her with my member now standing at full mast. The next move was hers. She looked at my member, tilted her head to the side, smiled, and said "What do we have here?" She stepped forward, untied my robe and pressed her body against mine. "Want to warm me up?" she said as her arms snaked around my hips and squeezed the cheeks of my ass.

Taking her by the hand, I led her up to the living room. There was a roaring fire in the fireplace, and the rug was soft and warm. We kneeled in front of the fire facing each other. The warmth was wonderful and crackling of the flames was soothing. I placed my hands on the sides of her face and drew her lips to mine. Her lips were soft and inviting and as we engaged, I couldn't help but let out a soft moan. I closed my eyes and savored the sensation, breathing softly, and holding the kiss for a few long seconds. Taking her hand in my hand, I drew it across my cheek. I could detect a hint of perfume and it made my erection that much harder. 

I leaned forward to place a small kiss just below her ear as she tilted her head to the side to give me free access. My kisses traced a line down her chin and across her neck as I lay her back on the soft rug. My hand traveled up her side and my fingertips brushed lightly across her soft skin down the center of her chest and under her right breast. On her back, her breasts were hardly noticeable, except for the exquisite erect nipples that were so inviting. My fingertips gently traced a circle around the hard nipple, getting close enough to feel the warmth, but not yet touching. Around and around, and then gently brushing across the nipple, as she emits a low moan. I lean forward and place my warm lips over the erect nipple. With a tender kiss, I grasp the nipple between my lips and release, followed by a warm wet kiss. 

As I kiss her supple skin, I study her features. I kiss the soft underside of her breast as I run my fingertips in front of my eyes. I rub my cheek across her abdomen, noting the dark discoloration from her childbearing, admiring it, knowing what it took to get it and kissing it tenderly. Resting my cheek on her lower abdomen, my fingertips trace down the inside of her thigh and back up across her triangle. Raking the soft curls with my fingertips, I continue to kiss down and across the inside of her leg. I position my body and kneel between her legs, spreading them to expose the silky smooth skin of her inner thigh. Running my lips up her thigh, I kiss her full on her lips. Her hips lift slightly to press against my lips as I continue to kiss the length of her lips. Still dry, I start to lick the lips back and forth, working them. With a quick motion, my tongue penetrates and finds the wetness. Probing with my tongue, I search for that spot that only she knows about. Her thighs gripping my head as she writhes beneath me. All of the sudden I could feel her tense beneath me. She took a very deep breath and held it until a deep, low moan emitted from her lips. Her thighs crushing my head as I guide her through her orgasm.

As her orgasm subsides, I lie on my back and pull her down on top of me. She throws her leg over my hips and straddles my hard on. I rub the tip gently against her, easing in slowly, very slowly. She leans forward pressing down my shoulders, taking over. She sinks down on top of me, causing me to penetrate deeply, but hardly moving. She closes her eyes and runs her hands through her hair. As I try to move, she stops me telling me to lie still. I can feel her engulfing me. The tiniest of her movements causing me exquisite pleasure as we stay almost motionless. Each twitch that she makes sends tremors up my spine and I moan with pleasure. I reach up and grasp her soft hips. With a slow stroke, her hips move with mine until my legs tense and I cant take it any more. My eyes clamp shut and my breathing stops as my orgasm ripples through me. 

After several hours, we got dressed and dug out her car. She moved away three years ago, but every time it snows, I cant help but smile.