 A hand reached in, took my mouse and closed the PDF I had been reading about Tuesday's IPO from CalWest Diving Services.

"Hey! Not fucking funny, John!" My office-mate's sense of humor often ran to the annoying. 'The old man's counting on me for this. I need to make sure I've got every detail covered."

"The 'Old Man' is quite certain that everything will be fine, Mr. Taylor." The voice of my boss rumbled over my shoulder. "He is also aware that a certain young lady is eagerly awaiting her husband's arrival so that they can go on a Valentine's Day trip that is in reality a much-delayed Honeymoon. What's more, if the 'Old Man' catches you anywhere within the Los Angeles city limits in the next week, let alone inside the offices of Haggard & Marley, he's going to have you doing public service visits to nursing homes for the next six months. So you have two choices: make your wife happy or get used to being excited about Roth IRAs and T-Bill rates."

"You don't expect me to believe that; do you, Mr. Haggard? I've made a lot of money for this firm in the last year." I gave him my best cocky smile.

"Son, there's something far more powerful than money. You'd best learn it."

"What's that, sir?"

My office-mate answered. "Mrs. Haggard."

"Exactly right, Mr. Williams. Adam, take a clue from John. A happy wife makes for a happy life. Now, get that computer shut down and get your ass on the road, son. This firm got along just fine before they kicked you out of UCLA. It can survive for a week without its latest young gun."

I did as I was told. Well, I could hardly do otherwise with Mr. Haggard all but standing over me stroking his mustaches like Snidely Whiplash. I tried to convince him to let me take the laptop, but it was an argument I lost before it started.

Understand, it's not that I don't want to get home to Latisha. But I do know where our future lies. I'm going to make full partner in five years or less, and our future will be assured. That requires extra hours. Latisha understands, even if she wishes I had more time at home.

Latisha and I met when we were both in our junior year at UCLA. We couldn't have been more different. Me with my long blond hair and surfer attitude, having grown up on the beaches of Orange County, but blessed with an aptitude for numbers and smooth talk. Latisha was on a track scholarship with an ambition of being a social worker. She was so painfully shy it took me six weeks to get her to even come to Starbucks.

We had been together since that first date. We had a lot more in common than we first thought. Huntington Beach and Minneapolis were very different, yes. But Latisha and I were not.

And, let's face it; the sex was terrific.

When I pulled into the driveway, I discovered that she already had the X-Terra packed and ready to go. Her skis and my snowboard were strapped to the roof. I parked in the garage and thumbed the Genie remote. As the outside door closed, the inside one opened and my lovely wife smiled out at me.

I got out of the car and advanced into her arms. She gave me a strong squeeze, but as I went to kiss her a slender finger came to rest against my lips.

"Later, baby. Let's get on the road. That storm is moving fast."

"Awww, it's only gonna rain a little. We got time to play a bit."

"It's only going to rain a little here. That system is going to dump eight to ten inches of powder on Big Bear for us, love. We can play at the lodge...or maybe a little bit on the way up the mountain. But first, get into something more comfy than that suit. It's a long drive, lover."

"Okay, just a quick shower and..."

"We'll shower there. Together. But I'm serious about wanting to get up the mountain. We aren't the only ones going that way with this much snow coming tonight."

"Okay, baby. Jeans, t-shirt, and a fleece and we're off!"

