 I love hunting. Next to fishing it is one of my favorite pastimes. Being out in the woods and fresh air, pitting your intelligence against the instincts of an animal. Sounds easy, except that they do it every day and you're playing on their turf. Makes it much more difficult than most people think. When a buddy called from Colorado with a chance to go elk hunting in the winter, I jumped at the chance. He had a cabin high in the mountains we would use as the base camp, and then venture out after the elk, using snowmobiles to get from mountain top to mountain top. It sounded like a blast. I loaded my hunting gear up and headed out, following the directions he gave me and my GPS.

The weather report was for a light snow, which didn't sound too bad when I left Missouri, but after many hours of driving I was getting tired and was ready for the trip to be over when the first flakes hit the windshield. That light snow seemed to be awfully big flakes, but then I wasn't really worried, my four wheel drive would go through anything I had ever pitted it against. As I wound into the mountains on the twisting two lane highway, the number of homes slipped from the frequent to the occasional. The snow, which was forecast for only a few inches kept coming down, making the road more and more difficult to see in the growing darkness. It also didn't help that the heavy snow was interrupting the GPS signal making it almost useless. It kept jumping around telling me I was first on one road and then in the middle of nowhere.

If I hadn't been so tired I might have noticed the sign, caked with blowing wet snow, that showed a ten mile per hour corner. I might even have slowed down if I realized there was a corner there, but the first thing I saw was the guardrail almost ninety degrees to the road I thought I was on. I jerked the wheel hard over, and slammed on the brakes, but even at thirty five miles an hour, there was no saving it. 

My truck plowed through the guardrail, crunching metal and snapping wood posts before careening down an embankment that seemed almost vertical. The air bag did its thing and low and behold I survived, bruised and shaken, but alive. I peeled myself out my now ruined truck and looked at the trip I had made. I wasn't the first one to mow down trees here. I checked my cell, and surprise... no service. The chances of being found here were slim at best. 

I decided I'd head along the road on foot and see if I could find a house or something. I left a note, pulled on all my winter hunting gear, hefted my pack and long gun, and started the arduous climb up the slope to the highway, the darkness broken only by the small LED light clipped to my pack strap. The winter wonderland looked peaceful, but I knew that was far from true. I loaded rounds into my Winchester and slid it into the scabbard on the side of my pack. Clipping the waist and sternum belts I began to trudge through the foot deep snow heading up the mountain. I hoped I'd come across a house or something before too long.

Before too long just never happened. I stopped after half an hour and pulled out my mask and goggles and changed my gloves for my heavy insulated mittens. With every inch of my body now covered, I continued up the road, wondering how long I would be out here and glad that the snow and cloud cover were holding the temperatures at something tolerable. 

I must have hiked up that road for two hours, stopping every thirty minutes to take a rest and a drink, before I lights flickering in the falling snow. It seemed like forever before I got closer, and then realized that the lights were not along the road, but on the other side of a small gorge. Through the occasional light spots in the falling snow I could see what looked like a small cabin. I had a decision to make, continue on the road and hope to find another place, or venture off the road into the wilds. There was no telling how hard the climb down and back up would be, or how deep the gorge was. It looked like there was a small dirt road that went that direction, all I could do was hope it led to the lights. Taking a deep breath, I turned off the highway and started down the steep road. 

The road proved to help some, guiding me until I lost it under the deep snow collecting in the gorge. By the time I got to the bottom I was slogging through snow up to my waist, wondering if this was really a good idea. Having hit the bottom, I decided that I might as well go up the other side rather than head back to the road, and began the climb up the steep slope. The climb turned out to be much worse than I had expected, and was soon sweating profusely and completely exhausted. I couldn't go back down, there was no shelter in the deep snow in the bottom, and the slope was so steep that I was often having to use all fours to keep my balance on the rocks that were hidden under the snow. What was worse, I knew that as heavily as I was sweating, I needed to peel layers, but the slope was much too steep to try that. I resigned myself to continue the climb, and hope that there was shelter on top.

I finally made the top of the hill after nearly an hour of hard climbing. I flopped down in the snow, trying to catch my breath and cursing getting old, as if forty was really all that old. After several minutes I could feel the cold seeping into my clothes where the sweat had soaked them, and decided I better either find shelter or I was going freeze to death. I was experienced in winter survival. I had no doubt that I could make myself a snow cave and hole up, but building a fire to dry my clothes would be difficult with this wet snow. Fortunately the lights I had seen were only a short ways down the ridge I was now laying on. I picked myself up and wearily trudged down toward the lights.

As I drew closer I could see the lights were from the windows of a small log cabin, smoke curling gently from the stone chimney. The setting looked idyllic and tranquil as the heavy flakes continued to fall. Taking a breath I knocked on the door, expecting some grizzled old man to open the door and tell me to get lost. I was shocked when the face greeting me was anything but grizzled and old. I figured her for thirty or so, obviously oriental with fairly long dark hair cascading over the shoulders of a white fluffy bath robe. She was a few inches shorter than I was, and filled out the robe both around and in front enough to know she wasn't fat or thin, just pleasant sized, with a respectable sized chest.

Why, when I was half frozen to death, I bothered to check out her tits instead of pulling off my mask and goggles and asking for help, is beyond me, but that's what I did. She broke me from my stupor by asking what I wanted, the look on her face almost as startled at finding someone at her door as I was at finding a good looking woman out here.

"Oh, sorry. I had a wreck down the mountain a bit and started hiking. Do you have a phone I can use?" I asked, pulling my hood back and pulling off my mask and goggles so she could see my face.

"You're kidding right?" she asked with an odd look on her face. 

"No maam. I went off the road on a sharp curve down the road a ways and walked this far."

"Ok, besides being crazy, how did you get here?"

"I saw the lights from the highway and hiked over."

"Through the bottom? That's not possible. The snow down there is easily ten feet deep this time of year."

"Well, it was a bit deep, but I made it. Do you mind if I come in and warm up and call my buddy and tell him where I am?"

She stepped back and let me in, closing the door behind me. The cabin was indeed small, being little more than a long room with a few pieces of furniture, a wood burning stove to cook on and a stone fireplace with a fire gently crackling away. Along one wall were a couple long curtains that appeared to block off two small rooms. All in all it looked like the kind of place you'd see in an old western movie.

"Now, just who are you?" She asked as she stood back in the glow of the oil lamp and looked at me.

"Oh, sorry. Mike Michaels. I'm headed up to Grizzly ridge to meet a buddy to hunt. Like I said, I missed a turn and went off the highway."

"I'll say you went off the road. Grizzly ridge is about twenty miles south of here. The highway stopped miles ago. That sharp turn was the end of the road. This is all private property."

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to intrude. I guess I got turned around some. If you have a phone I'm sure he can come get me."

"Do you see a phone? No, I'm afraid that your friend is going to have to do without you tonight. I can take you down the mountain tomorrow on a snowmobile. The question is what to do with you tonight?"

"Well, if you don't mind, I'd be perfectly happy to sleep on the floor. I don't want to put you out, I'm just happy to be in out of the snow."

"Ok. Start getting out of those wet things. We can hang them on a line and get them dried out. She said, turning and walking to a wooden box on the floor and digging out a length of rope. She strung the rope across the small cabin while I started peeling off my wet hunting gear.

"You are wet!" she said as she took my gear, one item at a time and hung them over the line.

"Yeah. That climb was pretty rough."

"I bet. I'm surprised you made it at all. The trail is pretty hard to follow." She said as I handed her my sweatshirt, leaving me in my jeans and t-shirt.

"I couldn't find a trail. I just came up the side." I said as I picked up my pack and set it against the wall by the door so the snow melting off of it wouldn't make a mess.

"You're either lucky or just plain crazy. That climb isn't to be taken lightly on a good day, let alone like it is now."

"Well, I made it." I said with a shrug.

"Come on. I can see that the pants and shirt are wet too." She said holding her hand out.

"This is all I have to wear." I said somewhat defensively.

"Well, you can't stay wet, even in here you'll freeze when the fire dies down." She said as she walked toward one of the curtained rooms, coming back a moment later with a blanket. "You can wrap up in this."

I pulled my t-shirt off and handed it to her before pulling the blanket around myself. Standing under the blanket I shucked my jeans and handed them to her, which she took. Immediately she put her hand out again, clearly expecting me to provide the last of my garments. With a sigh, I slipped out of my skivvies, handing them to her and letting her walk off to hang the last of my clothes on the line, leaving me completely naked under the blanket.

"Ok. Now let's get you something warm to drink. You're probably dehydrated." She said as she set about putting a kettle of water into the fireplace. "Do like coffee or tea?"

"I've never gotten the taste for coffee. Usually it's hot chocolate." I said with an embarrassed smile.

She looked over her shoulder at me while she dug in the cabinet near the stove and came out with a small white packet and a large cup. "Not every day a man wants hot chocolate. Maybe he still has a little bit of boy in him yet?" she asked with a smile as she motioned to a chair by the table, pulling a second one from near the wall to sit down across from me. 

"Thank you Ma'am." I said pulling out the chair and sitting down in it, wrapped up in the blanket.

"Please, call me Song." She said as she sat and looked at me, almost like she was inspecting me. Her eyes stared at mine for long seconds, making me feel like she was reading my thoughts or looking inside my soul or something. "So your single?" she finally asked.

"Yes." I said somewhat startled, wondering what she read from my eyes that told her that.

She chuckled, obviously following where my thoughts had taken me. "You can tell a lot about a person from how they look at you. You looked back and held my gaze until I broke it. You are an honest person, not deceitful or hiding things. This I can tell from your eyes. Being single?" she said with another chuckle. She held her hand up and pointed to her finger, without a ring, and I realized she had seen the lack of ring on my finger.

"I am now." I said, thinking briefly about my ex.

"Ah. I see." She said as she got up and walked toward the fire. The room was actually quite warm, and I moved the blanket off my shoulders to vent some of the heat that I was building. She returned a moment later with the pot, pouring hot water into the cup and handing me a spoon and the white packet.

"Thank you." I said, taking the packet and pouring its contents into the cup. "I take it you live here alone?"

"Yes. I like the solitude. Helps me think." She said, leaning back in her chair and watching me sip my coco. "You apparently like the outdoors. The clothes you wore have experience. Nothing there is fresh from the box."

"No. I've done a lot of outdoors. I enjoy the quiet and listening to nature." I replied, bringing a small smile to her lips. We chatted for some time, about me, about the outdoors, but very little about her. Basically all I knew was she lived alone, and liked it that way, and her name was Song Cho. Beyond that she gave away very little of herself. Finally after nearly an hour, and two cups of coco, she stood, breaking off the conversation.

"I think it's time to go to bed. I was about to retire when you showed up."

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to keep you up." I replied, standing up and walking over to the clothes line to check my clothes. To my disappointment, much of it was still quite soggy.

"Here." She said, holding out a pillow and an old rolled up sleeping bag. 

"Thanks. This is tons better than sleeping in the snow." I said as I rolled the bag out on the hard floor. She stood until I was settled and then turned out the oil lamp hanging from the ceiling. I watched her walk to the curtain she had disappeared behind before, and push it open to reveal a sleeping area. A large bed with brass head and foot boards dominated the small room. She stepped to the bed, illuminated by the fire and a small oil lamp on the table, and took off the robe, revealing a long gray nightgown. She crawled under the covers and put the light out, leaving the small cabin lit only by the gentle flickering of light from the fire.

I was warm, but the floor was far from comfortable. I struggled to find a soft spot or comfortable position, trying to will myself to be comfortable by thinking how horrible it would be in a snow cave.

"Come." She said from across the room, pulling the covers of her bed open. "I cannot leave you sleeping on the hard floor when there is more than enough room in my bed."

"Are you sure?"

"I am... Come." She said again.

I got up and walked over to the bed, still wrapped in the blanket, unsure what to do at that point. Deciding that she intended for me to get into bed even though I was naked, I dropped the blanket and sat down, swinging my legs up into the bed. She pulled the covers over me and I felt her snuggle up against me, her firm breasts pressing into my back. My body couldn't help but react, even more so when I felt her hand slide up and down my thigh several times, each time getting closer and closer to my hardening dick. Finally her hand reached my now rock hard member and wrapped around it, gently stroking its full length with her warm hand. 

She stroked it for several minutes before she pulled it away, along with her body. I felt her hand brush and press against my back several times, each time lower than the time before. As suddenly as the hand disappeared, it came back, this time as she snuggled against me I could feel her warm skin and hard nipples pressing against me.

"Would you like to make love with me?" she whispered.

Unsure how to answer, I rolled over to face her, putting my arm around her and pulling her head closer to mine. Her hand squeezed my hard dick as I touched my lips to hers, gently kissing her.

She kissed back, tentatively at first, and then with growing passion as the minutes passed, our hands now gently roaming over each other. I gently stroked her large breasts, finding them round and firm, easily the size of small melons, but with little sag. Each was topped with a large nipple which seemed to grow harder with each stroke of my fingers. 

Growing desparate for more of her body, I slid under the covers and let my kisses work down her body until I was sucking and licking each sensitive nipple. She rolled onto her back and moaned in pleasure as I sucked each tit deep into my mouth and flicked her nipple with my tongue.

Her hands pulled me to her, coaxing me back up out of the covers and on top of her. Her invitation was clear as I rolled on top of her while she spread her legs. I reached down and gently rubbed the head of my dick up and down her wet lips, feeling the softness as I spread her juices around my head. Slowly I pressed into her, feeding my dick into her inch by inch in small short strokes, each accompanied by a small moan from her lips. I was soon stroking long and slow in and out of her wet tunnel, our mutual moans the only sound in the cabin besides the occasional crackle of the fire.

"Harder!" she whispered to me, pulling on my ass with her hands at each stroke. Without a reply I began to stroke harder into her, her moans turning to cries of pleasure as my strokes drover her higher and higher up the slopes to her climax. Without warning she cried out once and went rigid, her whole body trembling while her pussy pulsed and squeezed me so hard I was unable to stroke out of her any longer.

Slowly her body relaxed, her arms pulling me down against her. She deftly rolled us over laying on top of me while she pulled her knees up alongside my hips. Throwing the covers off, she sat up, straddling my hips and pulled the gray flannel nightgown off, tossing it aside, her body illuminated by the flickering fire. She gently pulled my hands to her large tits, and then moved her own hands to my chest. Slowly she began riding up and down my still rock hard dick, her eyes watching my face and adjusting her movements when she saw pleasure flicker across it. She rode me slowly for some time, her own body once again responding to the stimulation. She tossed her head around, her dark hair flying every which way as she began riding me faster, pounding her body into mine at the end of each stroke.

"Oh god yes!" I groaned as my cum boiled out of my balls, ready to shoot deep into her. With a jerk my body pulsed the first squirt of cum deep into her pussy. Feeling the hot liquid flow into her, she slammed down on my dick, driving me deeper into her than I had been previously. I felt her whole body tremble as my spurting dick triggered another orgasm within her. We stayed like that for longer than I could remember, both of us lost in our own world of bliss. Finally she lowered herself, leaving me inside her as she straightened out and pulled the blankets over us in one smooth motion.

"Thank you." She whispered before kissing me gently on the lips. We lay kissing gently until my dick softened and slipped from her. Feeling me no longer captured, she rolled off of me and snuggle against me, laying her head on my chest. I lay listening to her breathing and the fire crackling until I finally fell into a deep contented sleep.

At first I didn't know where I was, but slowly my situation came back to me. I felt surprisingly rested, considering my ordeal the night before. The room was warm and I could see Song's naked body moving about the main room of the small cabin, bright shafts of sunlight filtering through the windows illuminating her. She was busy tending the fire and carrying large pots of water someplace while I lay there enjoying watching her tits bounce and sway as she walked.

"I see you're awake. You must have been tired." She said quietly as she came to the bed and sat on the edge. "Come. Time to clean up."
