 Just my luck, a freekin’ snowstorm. I was really disappointed. Here I was, home alone for four days and he’s stuck with a house full of people because of an unexpected snowstorm. Ohhhh, I had such plans for the weekend . . .

We’ve been chatting online for a few months now. We both loved our spouses and neither one of us wanted to jeopardize our marriages. However, we found in each other the excitement and passion our relationships were lacking, even if it was only fantasy and verbal - and not really physical.

I’ve been married to my husband for almost 12 years and have never been unfaithful. I can’t really speak for my on-line lover Daniel, but I felt safe with the distance between us. With him in New York and me in Chicago, I was able to expand my fantasies without the guilt of being unfaithful to my husband.

Mmmm, but Daniel made me feel so good that I was seriously reconsidering my faithfulness to hubby. I haven’t had orgasms like the ones I’ve been having lately in ages. (Even though they were self inflicted with a little help from my dildo or the water spraying from the pulsating showerhead) Just thinking about Daniel and the things he described doing to me in his writing, I become wet instantly.

We talked almost every day on-line, not always cybering. We talked about everything from our childhoods to our first lovers to our jobs to our kids. As much as we both wanted to however, we had very few phone conversations. It seemed like there was always someone around, or we were limited on time.

So, here it was Friday night. Hubby had left that afternoon with my son to go out of town and I had the whole house to myself for four fabulous days! Daniel and I planned at least a couple of phone calls for the weekend. Since the holidays were approaching, he was convinced that his wife would be out shopping all weekend and he would have the house to himself for at least a few hours at a time.

Needless to say how disappointed I was to receive an email from him telling me that it had begun snowing in New York and the prediction was for a major snowstorm. He said that if the snow continued, he doubted that his wife would go anywhere. I emailed back to him telling him that I was disappointed but that I understood. I didn’t tell him how crushed I really was. 

So I walked through the house, moving from room to room trying to decide what I was going to do by myself all weekend. Walking over to the stereo, I found my favorite CD, the one I burned myself with all of my favorite songs on it. I loved playing it when I was chatting on-line and when I was writing stories for Literotica. I’ve been told that I have an eclectic taste in music. The CD contained songs from Kid Rock, Garth Brooks, Eminem, Tim McGraw, Toby Keith, Bon Jovi and more. But, I loved the songs and when I listened to them, I became very aroused and inspired as I fantasized about each of the artists.

I put the CD in the player and turned up the volume. I laid on the couch listening to Kenny Chesney singing about being in Mexico without any worries. I always fantasize about Daniel and me on a beach somewhere when I hear that song. So I began running my hands over my breasts, my fingers lightly caressing my taut nipples. 

Ohhhh, I was getting so frustrated. I wanted to hear that voice of his so bad. I wanted to hear him tell me how he’s running his hands over my body causing every nerve ending to tingle. I wanted to hear him tell me how he’s wrapping his lips around my swollen nipples and gently sucking on them.

I lay there a few more minutes before I get up and went to my computer. After signing on, I logged in to Literotica. I guess I’ll just read some stories . . .

I looked at the clock and realized that I’ve been reading for hours. The stories were so good, I could feel the wetness between my legs as I shut off the computer and headed out of the room.

After letting the dog in for the night, I walked through the house turning off the CD player, shutting off lights and making sure everything was locked up. I walked into my bedroom and after pulling back the comforter on my king size bed, I undressed and slid my naked body in. I snuggled into the cool comforter and lay there until the warmth of my body warmed the sheets.

As I laid there thinking about Daniel and our lost weekend, I realized that my hands were roaming across my breasts. I laid there with my eyes closed, imagining him caressing me. His hands cupping my breasts, the cool air and his fingers causing my nipples to become erect. I could feel him squeezing and tugging them gently before wrapping his lips around them. 

Mmmm, feels so good. The wetness from his mouth mixed with the cool air in the room causing my nipples to become so hard. His hand slid down across my abdomen to run his fingers through my soft brown curls. I spread my legs a little wider as his finger rubbed up and down against my clit, I could feel my juices trickle down my crack to dampen the sheets beneath me. 

He began teasing me with his finger, sliding it up and down my smooth opening. I began to buck against him trying to force it inside of me, but he wouldn’t allow it. I began moaning, pleading for him to plunge it inside of me. He moved his finger back to my clit and began pressing it in circular motions. I'm so wet now, pressing against his finger harder wanting him to thrust it inside of me. I was so close to cumming, my breath was coming quicker, my moaning becoming louder. He began tugging at my nipple while he continued moving around my clit, and I felt that I was on the edge of an orgasm but he continued to tease me. As soon as I felt close, he eased up and it started to fade away.

After a few moments, he began pressing my clit then slid his finger over my wet swollen pussy lips. Up and down his finger moved so slowly, so agonizing. I cried out in frustration and he gently inserted the tip of his finger inside of me. I tried to buck my hips against his finger, but he pulled out only allowing the tip to remain. When I stopped bucking, he began rubbing his fingertip against the inside walls of my pussy. Ohhh, I was going crazy now. I could feel his finger gliding across my wetness, with each movement of his finger the juices seeping out of me.

Suddenly, I felt his mouth against my pussy licking my juices. His fingers were holding my lips open as he ran his tongue from top to bottom lapping up all of my wetness. He moved his mouth to my clit and wrapped his lips around it as he began sucking while he inserted two fingers inside me. Oh my God, I'm going to cum now. I could feel the tingling begin in my stomach traveling over my entire body. Ohhhh, my thighs are trembling, here it comes! Oh, yes! Thrust faster, deeper! My pussy is clenching around his fingers now, yes! yes! ohhhhhhhh!

I opened my eyes and realize that I am all alone. Still feeling the aftermath of the orgasm I just experienced, I was disappointed to know that he was not with me. I slowly pulled my fingers out of my sopping wet pussy and laid there a few moments trailing my wet fingers around my erect nipples, while I fantasized about when we will be together. I laid there with that fantasy running through my mind as I drifted off to sleep . . .

I awoke to the sound of my dog barking. As I snuggled deeper into the comforter trying to block out the noise and return to my dreams, I realized the sound of the dog. He’s barking ferociously, as if he wants to attack. When my German Shepard barks like that, there is something, or someone that he wants. I quickly sat up in bed and the comforter fell to my waist exposing my nakedness as I strained to hear anything other than the dog.

I slowly and quietly got out of bed and walked to the door, grabbing my robe and pulling it on as I stood at the door listening. Suddenly the house was quiet, except for my heartbeat pounding in my ears. After a few moments of silence, I yelled out for the dog. I called out a few more times with no response before heading down the hallway. 

My heart now pounding in my chest, I hesitantly made my way down the hallway toward the living room. With the moonlight as the only source of light, I walked into the dark room where I thought the dogs barking had come from.

I slowly walked through the room to the door, and after verifying that is was still locked, I turned and walked right into a wall of muscle. Before I could respond, strong hands grabbed my upper arms and spun me around. As a hand covered my mouth, an arm wrapped tightly around me pinning my arms to my sides.

As I unsuccessfully struggled and yelled behind the hand covering my mouth, I could hear his soft chuckle in my ear. With each of my struggles, we had moved closer to the back of the couch until he had my thighs pressed against it. He used his knee to push my legs apart as he continued to press his chest against my back.

His mouth next to my ear he whispered hoarsely, “If you promise not to scream, I will remove my hand from your mouth.”

I quickly nodded my head up and down in response. He hesitated a few moments before sliding his hand from my mouth to my neck squeezing gently as he whispered threateningly, “Don’t move.”

As I thought about the whisper being vaguely familiar, he loosened the arm that was wrapped tightly around my chest. Both of his hands were sliding up and down from my shoulders to my elbows, and then reached around to grab my breasts.

In the struggle, my robe had fallen open, so with each of his hands on my bare breasts, he pulled me tight against him and I could feel the bulge pressing against my ass cheeks. As he continued massaging my breasts, I grabbed the back of the couch for support as I tried to fight against the sensations running through my body.

My mind was racing. Where was my dog? How could I be feeling anything but fear right now? Why was the moistness between my legs increasing?

Suddenly, his hands were on my shoulders pushing me over the back of the couch until my face was almost on the seat cushions. I moved my hands from the back of the couch to the seat cushions to support myself as my heels raised off the floor.

I felt his hands on my hips as his feet pushed mine further apart until they were flat on the floor and about shoulders width apart. His hands moved from my hips to the hem of my robe. When I pushed myself up from the cushion in protest, he pushed me back down with his hand on my back and said, “Don’t move!” in a raspy voice. 

With my robe now around my waist, I could feel the cool air on my wet pussy and thighs. Soon his hands were grasping each of my ass cheeks, massaging, and pulling them gently apart. He slid one hand down my cheek to the back of my thigh and caressed its way to my inner thigh. I cringed as I realized that he felt the wetness running down my thighs.

His hand continued caressing my inner thigh as he slowly inched it toward my wet throbbing pussy. He began rubbing the crease where my thigh meets my ass as he moved his fingers closer to my wetness. With each stroke, the tip of his finger ran along the outside of my wet slit.

I gasped when his finger slid from my wet slit to circle around my rear entrance. He continued to slowly slide his finger from one entrance to another, trailing my wetness to accumulate at my rear. When my tight puckered hole was sufficiently moist, he pressed his finger against it as he continued to circle it.

I could feel my thighs begin to tremble as he pressed against my tightest hole. My breathing started coming faster, I gasped for breath as his finger continued pressing against me until it was knuckle deep. He slowly pulled it almost out then pressed it back in further. He continued to thrust it in and out of me, each stroke plunging deeper, finger fucking my hole. His other hand was still holding my cheeks apart but now moved down to grab hold of my clit.

He pinched and tugged on my clit as he continued to move his finger in and out of my ass. I felt a low moan in my throat as my legs began to shake. A flash of guilt passed through my mind as the orgasm began taking over my whole body. I screamed into the couch cushions as my body convulsed with the orgasm.

He continued to press my clit and was slowly stroking my ass until the orgasm subsided. Realizing that my whole body was relaxed over the couch, I tensed when I felt him remove his hands from me.

His strong hands grabbed my upper arms and pulled me up until my back was pressed against his chest. His mouth was against my ear, and I jumped when I heard the all too familiar New York accent say, “I see you’ve missed me.”

“Daniel!” I yelled and spun around to embrace him. I pressed my lips to his as he held me tightly against him.

After a few moments of enjoying our first taste of each other, I pulled away and quickly asked, “What are you doing here? How did you get in? What about the snow storm?”

He pulled me tightly against him and whispered, “I planned this little surprise the day you told me your husband was going out of town. My flight was one of the last one’s out of New York before the storm hit.”

I looped my arms around his neck and pressed his mouth against mine. With our mouths attached, I began pulling him toward the bedroom to finish what he started.

Once in the bedroom, my fingers found their way to the button and zipper of his jeans. While I pulled his jeans down his hips and thighs, he slid my robe from my shoulders. I let go of his jeans and they fell around his ankles as my robe slid down my arms to fall in a heap at my feet. I began unbuttoning his shirt, pressing my lips against each area of exposed skin until his shirt fell open. I slid my hands to the collar of his shirt and slid it off his large shoulders then down his sculpted arms until it floated to the floor.

We stood there a moment staring at each other in the moonlight before I hooked my fingers into the waistband of his boxers and tugged them down. I stared in awe at his huge erection, and fleetingly wondered if it was too big. 

After he pulled his shoes off, he kicked his jeans and boxers off then I grabbed both of his hands with mine and led him to the bed. I leaned back on the bed, pulling him on top of me. His mouth found mine and we shared a gentle kiss. Our hands roamed each other’s bodies as our kiss deepened and became more urgent. 

He removed his mouth from mine to trail kisses across my cheek to my ear, then down my neck and shoulder. The trail of kisses went from my shoulder to linger a moment at the swell of my breast before trailing a circle of kisses close to my nipple. His mouth encased my nipple and I let out a gasp as he began sucking it. His hands trailed across my abdomen sliding down between my legs. His fingers sought out, found my clit, and immediately began rubbing it in circular motions.

My fingers entwined in his hair until he moved his mouth from my nipple to my clit. I almost came instantly when he swiftly inserted two fingers deep into my wetness as his lips wrapped around my clit and began sucking it into his mouth. A few more thrusts of his fingers and my pussy muscles were clenching around his fingers in the spasms of my orgasm.

After he lapped up all of my juices, I sat up and pushed him onto his back. I straddled him and quickly impaled my hot wet pussy with his huge erection. I let out a little scream with the shock of pain, but as I rotated and lifted my hips the pain quickly turned into pleasure. As I slowly moved on top of him, I leaned down pressing my breasts against his chest and pressed my lips to his. I used my tongue to part his lips and as our tongues swirled around each other, I could taste my sweet juices on his tongue.

I continued to stroke his cock with my pussy as I removed my mouth from his. I sat up and pressed down on him until I could feel him deep within me as far as it would go. I slowly raised and thrust down on him again and again until my pussy clasped around his cock in an orgasm. I could feel him throbbing inside of me so I reached down and grabbed hold of the base of his cock as I lifted myself off him.

I heard him moan as I stroked his thick long erection with my hand as I slid my body down his legs until my face was just inches from his cock. I stuck out my tongue and began licking the sides of his cock, tasting the mixture of my juices and his pre-cum. My hand continued to slowly stroke him as I wrapped my lips around the smooth head of his cock. Sucking gently, I took him inside my mouth slowly. I pulled my mouth back until just the tip was resting on my lips, then sucked him back in. I continued this, taking him a little deeper each time I sucked him into my mouth until I felt the head of his cock press against the back of my throat and my lips were touching my hand that was gently squeezing the base of his cock.

I continued moving my hand and mouth so that I was giving him both a blowjob and hand job in perfect rhythm to each other. I could feel the head of his cock slide down my throat with each thrust, causing my neck muscles to squeeze around it as I swallowed. After a few more thrusts, I could feel his cock throbbing and I moved my hand down to his tight balls and gently massaged them until I felt the first hot stream of cum in the back of my throat.

I continued to massage his balls and suck his cock until he was empty. I pulled my mouth off his cock with a pop and looked up at him. I opened my mouth and with my tongue curled, I stuck it out to show him the puddle of cum. I smiled as I pulled my tongue back in my mouth and closed my lips.

“Mmmmmmmmmm,” I moaned softly as I smiled and swallowed. He laughed, reached down and pulled me up his body by my upper arms until we were face to face. I parted my legs and felt his semi-hard erection between my thighs.

I pressed my forehead to his and asked softly, “How long can you stay?”

He placed a hand on each side of my head and responded, “Haven’t you heard that there is a snow storm out East and the airports are closed?” Then he pressed his lips to mine.

Startled, I pulled my lips away and asked, “Where is my dog?”

He laughed and said, “I enticed him to the backyard with a foot long bone. He’ll be out there for awhile.”

I pressed my cheek against his chest listening to his heartbeat as I thought about the time we would have together. I smiled as I said, “You might be stranded here for few days.”