 DISPATCHER: "911, what's your emergency?"

CALLER: "My name is Dina Nicolls. There's someone outside my apartment trying to get in the front door."

DISPATCHER: "Okay, Dina, do you live alone?"

CALLER: "Yes…I'm scared…please send the police…hurry…oh, my god, they just tried the back door."

DISPATCHER: "Where in the apartment are you?"

CALLER: "I'm in my office closet…oh, god, hurry, please!"

DISPATCHER: "I have police on the way, Ma'am, stay there where you are…can you tell me how many there are outside?"

CALLER: "I don't know…one...maybe two…"

Suddenly, the 911 dispatcher heard the sound of breaking glass, and the woman on the other end of the phone screamed.

CALLER: "They're coming in!"

DISPATCHER: "Okay the police are on the property, Dina, stay with me."

CALLER: "Okay…oh god, tell them to hurry."

She tried to talk to the panic-stricken woman calmly, and was relieved for her as she heard the sirens of the responding police cars. She could hear people yelling in the background, and the sound of something breaking as the police entered the apartment yelling, and ordered someone to the ground.

CALLER: "They're here…oh, thank god, they're here!"

DISPATCHER: "Okay, Ma'am stay there until the police come to where you are."

She heard the officers call out to the woman from very close; 

OFFICER SNOWE: "Miss Nicolls? This is Officer Snowe, you can come out now, it's safe."

The dispatcher heard the sound of the closet door sliding open, and the woman began to cry as the officer took the phone from her hand and spoke to the dispatcher.

OFFICER SNOWE: "This is Officer Snowe, the B and E is in custody, and the scene is secure…Yes…Okay…Thanks."

As the other responding officers took the intruder away, and left the apartment, Officer Snowe walked me to the livingroom and sat me down on my sofa. I was shaking with adrenaline, as I pulled my robe tighter around me.

I'd never been in that kind of situation before, and it had really shaken me up. I couldn't even manage a clear sentence. I guess I was in some kind of shock or something.

"Can I get you a glass of water?" The officer asked me."

I took a deep breath as I tried to reply; "Yes…please."

I watched him as he walked to the kitchen, and I told him where the glasses were. As he returned, handing me the glass of water, I took a big gulp, and set the glass down on the coffee table, as I tried to calm down.

"Okay?" He asked me.

My voice was still weak. "Yes…thank you."

"Do you mind if I sit down and ask you a few questions?"

I shook my head as I sagged into the sofa, and he pulled a chair in from the kitchen and sat down with a small notebook and pen. 

When I finally looked up at him, I was stunned; he was one of the best-looking men I had ever seen, and as I glanced quickly toward his vacant ring finger, I almost forgot why he was there.

"Miss Nicolls, could you give me your full name, please?"

"Oh, uh…Dina L. Nicolls."

"And would you tell me everything you can remember about exactly what happened here tonight?"

"Well," I said, "I was in my office writing…I'm a writer…and I thought I heard someone at my front door…I thought it was my neighbor, because she never knocks, she just walks right in, but when I looked out the peep-hole in the front door, there was a strange man outside, and he turned the doorknob, like he was trying to get in. I ran back to my office, grabbed the phone, and called 911."

"Okay, and then?" he asked, looking directly at me.

I stammered as I tried to reply to his question…holy crap, he was hot.

"I heard the sound of him walking past my office window, and at the same time, I heard someone try the back door, and I took the cordless, and hid in the closet. Then I heard the glass of the back door break, and…well, I was scared, so I screamed."

I could feel myself turning red as he asked me to go on.

"Then, I heard you guys come in yelling, ‘Police!' and then the sound of something breaking…" I looked around the room…my ceramic lamp from the hall table lay shattered on the livingroom floor. 

"…of the lamp in the hall breaking. You guys yelled at someone to get on the ground, and a few seconds later, I heard you, and then you opened the closet door and took the phone."

"Did you see the person that was in your apartment?"

"No," I replied…"I saw the man in the peep-hole, but I don't know if he was also the one at the back door, or if there were two of them. I only saw the one outside."

"Do you have any ex-boyfriends or anything that would come over at this hour and try to get in, or anything like that?"

"No, no…nothing like that."

"Miss Nicolls, do you have the emergency number for the apartment manager? You're going to need that window covered securely until the glass can be fixed."

I got up and went to the bulletin board, took the manager's phone number down, and handed it to Officer Snowe.

I watched his strong hands as he dialed the number, and brought the phone up to his ear.

He stood there for a moment, and then; "Hi, is this the apartment manager? This is Officer Warner Snowe, with the Puyallup Police Department. We just responded to a breaking and entering with possible intent on your property…O-101…Yes…Dina Nicolls…No, she's okay, but they broke a window trying to get in, and I'm going to need you to send someone over to board it up until it can be fixed. Okay, great. Thank you."

Officer Snowe hung up the phone, and turned to me.

"Well, it's going to be awhile before maintenance can get here to cover up the broken window, but I'll stay here with you to make sure it gets done."

I walked into the kitchen and put on a pot of coffee.

"Sorry I don't have any doughnuts on hand", I quipped.

He laughed. "Well, I work out and try to stay away from that kind of thing anyway."

Without thinking, I said, "It shows."

I could feel myself get hot, and I knew I had to be turning several shades of red.

He laughed as he got up from his chair and removed his coat. As he turned around to lay his coat over the back of the chair, I admired his butt…holy crap. I couldn't stop staring.

His radio suddenly went off with police chatter, and snapped me back to reality.

"Uh…what do you take in your coffee?" I asked.

"Oh, just cream." He replied, as he walked into the kitchen.

As he came up beside me at the coffee pot, I could smell his scent…masculine, and clean, but not hidden by cologne. I felt my body beginning to react with sudden desire, and as I set out a cup and the cream, I excused myself and went to the bathroom to collect myself.

I was wet, and very nervous. I felt like I was going into heat, and I couldn't get my head on straight. I dried myself off, flushed the tissue down the toilet, and told myself to get a grip as I walked back into the kitchen to fix up my coffee. 

"So, Officer Snowe," I began, "Would you like me to turn on the TV, or the radio or something?" I was feeling uncomfortable enough with the quiet atmosphere in my home. I needed some distraction.

"Well, sure, you can turn on a little music. I'm not really that big on television. But please, since we're having coffee together and all, just call me Warner.

"Okay", I said, smiling, "Warner, it is."

I turned on the stereo and put in a light, over-coffee kind of jazz CD, and sat back down on the sofa with my cup.

"So how long have you lived here?" He asked.

"Oh, about a year and a half now."

"All by yourself?"

"Yes, well, I'm a writer, so I really don't need the distraction of a roommate; I like to have my own space. You know how it is."

"Sure", he answered. "We actually get quite a few calls out here to this property, though…maybe your boyfriend should be around more often?"

His remark startled me. "Uh…I don't…have a boyfriend. It's just me and my cat, really."

"Oh?" He replied. "I would think a pretty and intelligent woman like yourself would have plenty of men lining up for a chance to take you out."

I laughed. "Well, yeah, I could date more often if I wanted too, I'm just a little too old-fashioned for the kind of men that are out there these days, I guess."

"How do you mean?" He asked.

"Well, you know…men these days are more concerned with money and fancy cars…I guess I just haven't met the kind of man who really can appreciate me for who I am."

"Maybe you're just looking in the wrong places." He replied.

"Ha, ha…no, I'm not really looking at all."

"Why not?" He answered, sipping his coffee.

"Well," I replied, "the kinds of men who hang out in bars and clubs are not really the kinds of men I would like to meet, I guess. I want a man that I can really talk with, and share things with. Someone who can appreciate a woman who can shoot and gut out deer, AND can bake cinnamon raisin bread on a cold winter morning. I don't know, maybe it just all boils down to my being too picky, really."

"Hmmm," he replied thoughtfully. "Still, though, it must get pretty lonely."

"Yeah, it can be...what about you?"

"Oh, I got divorced a while back. I was the type that hung out in bars and clubs, actually. I guess I wasn't really ready to be married, and it just didn't work out." He looked down into his cup, reflectively, and then finished his coffee.

"Would you like some more?" I asked.

"Yes, thank you…would you mind if I used your bathroom first?"

I laughed, "Of course not…you know where it is, on the right just before the office."

I went back into the kitchen with his coffee mug and mine, and poured us both a fresh cup, and just as I reached for the sugar bowl, he came up behind me. He touched me gently on the shoulder and turned me to face him.

"Miss Nicolls…Dina…I don't know what it is…"He stammered. "I just…it's not very professional of me, but I…is it okay if…"

He pulled me close to him, and his lips were on mine. Before I realized what was happening, he was kissing me. It was the kind of kiss that makes you melt, and feel weak in the knees. 

I felt dizzy, and as the woman in me reached up into his embrace, I returned his kiss, and felt the room begin to spin. He slowly pushed his tongue into my mouth, and I hungrily accepted as I suckled at it, and ran my own tongue across his. I could feel his cock pushing against my hips…I wanted to fuck him.

He pulled back from me slowly and spoke softly; "Dina…I don't know what it is…I want you…please…please take me to your bed…I need you."

I looked up at him and smiled. I kissed him, and pulled him by the hand to my bedroom. I had no idea if this would be a one-time thing, or if I would ever see him again, but I didn't care. I wanted this man in my bed…this strong, handsome man who was making me feel so desired, so…wanted.

I sat at the foot of the bed, and watched as he unbuckled his utility belt, and the crackling radio, handcuffs, flashlight, and gun fell to the bedroom floor. 

I unzipped his pants, and he pulled his shirt up out of the way. His dick was huge…it was the most beautiful cock I had ever seen, and even if only for an hour or so, it was all mine at this moment…and everything that was attached to it. 

I reached up and grasped in gently in my hand, and he tipped his head back, moaning. I was excited to have a man as sexy as he was in my bedroom, and I intended to make an unforgettable first impression on him.

As he straightened, and looked down at me, I reached out with my mouth to the tip of his dick, and began with a teasing flick of the tongue upon its head.

He shivered, and I smiled up at him, as I took the head into my mouth, rolling my tongue all about it as sensuously as possible. 

I felt his hand in my hair, and I could feel his needs rising as well as my own, and slowly I took him deeper into my mouth, caressing his cock with my tongue. I tightened my lips around him, and pushed down onto his cock as deeply as possible. As he sank into the back of my throat, I reached for his buttocks with one hand, and caressed his balls with the other. He was so thick and hard in my mouth, and I was so eager to please him. I pulled away from his dick, and gripped it firmly in one hand, and began to lap at my own saliva running down his balls. 

They were wonderfully firm, and I could tell that he desperately needed sexual release. I suckled at them gently as I moved my hand up and down his huge cock. I looked up at him; his head was thrown back, and he moaned constantly at my touch. It was so gratifying, bringing pleasure to this strong, handsome man. 

I licked him slowly, from the base of his balls to the tip of his cock, and went down on it again, turning my head to the left and to the right as I moved up and down, my tongue working along his cock as well. 

Each time I felt him begin to swell, I would slow down and kiss it along its length, calming him, then suckling at his cock again, building him to near the point of orgasm, and then backing away.

"How wicked I am." I thought to myself, and I nearly smiled with his cock in my mouth. It was becoming increasingly difficult for him to hold back, and I was truly becoming desperate for the sensation of his cock pushing deep into my body. 

As his breathing neared a crescendo, and his moaning increased, I licked from the base of his balls again, and to the tip, kissing his cock tenderly as I finished with the oral interlude, which I knew could only possibly lead to outright sex.

He moaned loudly, as I pulled away from him, and he finally spoke; "Oh, my god…that was amazing."

I stood and whispered into his ear, "Please fuck me…fuck me, Warner…Please…I need you."

I pressed my hips against his engorged cock, and begged him to fuck me.

He turned me around, and leaned me up against the foot of the bed. I whimpered as he raised my nightgown up out of the way, and pushed the head of his cock against my wet sex.

I dropped down low, my face pressed against the bed, holding my hips up high for him, and repeated over and over again; "Fuck me….please…yes…please fuck me..."

The head of his swollen cock pushed into me, and I gasped at surprise and delight at the sensation of his huge cock.

"Oh, god, yes", I moaned, "Yes…fuck me."

I whimpered as he slowly pushed into me a bit more, and then suddenly, he bored quickly into me, sinking fully into my body. I cried out, and as he pulled back, I moaned with pleasure. He sank himself slowly into me twice again, and then pulled back, only the tip of his cock inside of me. I heard him exhale sharply.

"Oh, god, you feel so good…give me just a second…wow!"

I whimpered, "No…fuck me…I need you…fuck me hard. Please!"

I reached back for his right hand, and made him grab a fistful of my hair. As I did so, he gripped it tightly, pulling at it, and pushed very hard into me without warning.

"Oh god, yes, fuck me!" I begged.

He plunged hard into me over and over again, and I came, my juices soaking his balls with each contact, and running down my legs as I shuddered uncontrollably.

He pounded me hard, and I could feel him swell deep inside of me.

"I'm going to cum!" He cried.

I reached back and pulled him hard into me. 

"Yes! Cum for me, baby! Fill me!"

Suddenly, he pushed hard into me with his final thrust, and I could feel him cumming. 

He pulsed inside of me with each burst of semen, and I cried out, as I came with him, my pussy squeezing hard around him, as my juices spurted from me, and my body spasmed as we gasped for breath.

I held him tight against me, as he collapsed onto my back, and I supported him there while he recovered.

I had never felt so full before, and I wished he would stay inside of me through the night, but I knew that could never happen.

As he slowly pulled his spent cock from me, I moaned at the last sensation inside of me, and he excused himself and went to the bathroom to clean himself. I went into my bathroom and did the same.

When we came back into the livingroom, we collapsed on the sofa, grinning, but sheepish.

"Wow." Was all he could say, and all I could do was agree with his sentiments.

About 15 minutes later, as we finished up the coffee pot, there was a knock on the door, and apartment maintenance was there with plywood and nails.

They covered up the pane of missing glass, and I shivered as the apartment slowly warmed up again.

Warner left after the maintenance finished, and I was really happy to hear from him several times after that. He stopped by a few more times…off-duty, of course, and we shared a few more pleasurable interludes.

When he doesn't come by, I think about him a lot, wondering if I will see him again, but I don't want to pester him. 

When I DO see him, it's always worth the wait, and I am satisfied with my romantic daydreams. 

Patience is a virtue.