 The snow flurries were falling fast. The ground already had several inches of old snow and now was expecting another six to eight inches of new snow. Stella had prepared for the storm. She had plenty of food. candles, batteries, flashlights and fire wood just in case the electric wires was broken. Joe and Stella were prepared for the worst. They were use to the winter storms. 

They had cuddled on the couch to watch the favorite television show. Stella was dressed in her comfy pajamas with her long brown hair lying across her shoulders. She had a beautiful smile and her brownish-hazel eyes danced with glee. She was a very smart woman that knew what she wanted. Joe had his wranglers and a t-shirt on, showing his muscles in his arms. He has green eyes, blonde short hair with a mustache and goatee. He was a very loving and caring guy. He loved spending time with his soul mate, Stella.

As they sat watching television, the electric flickered. Then the electric went completely out. Joe took a lighter from his pocket and lit the candles on the coffee table. He sat back and wrapped his arm around her shoulder and pulled her close. “Baby, looks like we are going to have a long night ahead of us,” he said, “but we will be fine.”

After he checked the stove to make sure it would last until morning. He took a flashlight and checked to make sure the doors was locked. He wanted Stella to be comfortable and feel safe in his arms. He walked back in the living room. He said, “OK we are set for the night. Why don’t we just take the candles and flash lights and go to bed?” He held out his hand to help her to her feet. They each grabbed a candle and a flash light and headed to the bedroom. They placed the candles in the center of the dresser so they would not catch anything on fire. 

He looked her in the eyes, wrapped his hands around her checks and kissed her tenderly. His tongue was darting in and out of her mouth. She reached over and unfastened his belt. She unbuttoned and unzipped his wranglers. His jeans fell to the floor. She pulled his shirt up and over his head and arms. As he stood in his satin red boxer; she could see his swollen penis. He ran his hands over her shoulders and down her arms. He slides her pajamas over her head so that she stood with her satin panties down over her hips and long legs. She pulled his boxers off too. 

He picked her up and walked over to the king size bed. He laid her in the center of it. He started kissing her gently along her jawbone; working his way over to her ears. He kissed her ear and ran his tongue across her. She flinched as she felt her pussy become very wet. He flicked his tongue across her ear several move times because he knew this was turning her on big time. He kissed her neck several times before he moved down to her breast. Taking her right tit in his mouth he sucked it hard and long. He fondled her left tit making it hard. He pinched it as he sucked her right tit. 

He took his free hand and rubbed it over her freshly shaven mound. He teased her pussy lips before ramming his fingers in her pussy. He flicked his finger over her wet clit. She flinched as he did that. “What’s wrong baby,” he said in a teasing voice. Before she could say a word he had straddled her body flopping his cock in her face. As he spread her pussy lips and started darting his tongue in and out flicking her clit every time. She was sucking his cock and began thrusting her hips so that his tongue went deeper in her pussy. She took his cock deep in her throat just as her shot cum all down her throat. She climaxed just as he cum. He felt her sweet cum ooze over his tongue. He lapped it up as fast as he could although some ended up in his mustache and goatee. 

Reaching over to the nightstand, she pulled out the anal vibrator. She rolled over, got on all fours and handed him the vibrator. He spread her ass cheeks and shoved the vibrator deep in her ass. She screamed as he slapped her ass with his hand leaving his handprint. He slides his cock in her pussy pulled her back on it and started stroking her pussy walls. He could feel the vibrator as he thrust his cock deep inside her virginal walls. He fucked her hard and fast as he fondled her breast. She screamed “Fuck me harder baby before I come all over your cock.” He thrust his cock deep in her and cum as she came at the same time. He could feel the cum oozing over his balls. He left his cock in her as they eased down on the mattress. He felt the vibrator against his stomach. “Baby,” he said. “Yes hun.” She spoke softly. “Are you okay baby” he ask her. “Yes baby thanks for the wonderful time,” she replied softly. 

He rolled over and pulled the vibrator out of her ass. He shut it off and set it on the nightstand. He stood and walked over to the candles and blew them out. He walked back over and crawled back in bed. They cuddled as they listened to the battery-operated radio. He held her tight and whispered, “I love you!” She murmured, “I love you too!” Then they drifted off to sleep.

She awoke to find him gone. She heard someone singing in the other room. She crawled out of bed and wrapped her bathrobe around her and slipped her house slippers on her feet. She walked into the kitchen where she found him at the gas range fixing pancakes, eggs and bacon. He had water in the teakettle to make hot chocolate. On the kitchen table was two candles supplying him with lights. He turned and said, “good morning beautiful” as he pulled out a chair for her. She stammered, “Hun this is beautiful. You are so thoughtful and loving. I love you, Joe!” She had tears in her eyes as she sat down in the chair he had pulled out for her. The breakfast was delicious. Since they didn’t have electric or hot water they put the dirty dishes in the dishwasher to do when the electric came back on. 

They went and dressed. He put on his boxers, long johns, wranglers, sweatshirt and boots. She put on her matching flowered panty and bra, long johns, wranglers, sweatshirt and winter boots. They bundled up with hats, gloves, and heavy coats. Out the door they ran to play in the snow. They were like two teenagers playing in the snow. They ran, threw snowballs, and took turns on the sled down the hill. They laughed and had a great time. 

He chased her as she screamed, “you can’t catch me.” He caught her and drug her to the ground where he kissed her chapped cold lips. He helped her up and they ran to the house. Their teeth were chattering from the cold.

As they ran inside she said, “last one undressed gets to choose what sex position we do first.” She already had her coat, hat, gloves, boots and sweatshirt off. She was certainly faster because he had trouble with his boot strings. As she stepped out of her panties she screamed, “I won “ as she ran to the bedroom.

As he walked in the room he saw a strap on dildo, anal gel, a paddle, handcuffs, and a silk scarf. He stood in shock at all the items. He suddenly spoke, “What the hell?” She laughed as she said, “come here baby” as her nipples harden from the cold. He walked toward the bed. She kissed his lips as she rubbed her pussy across the tip of his cock, teasing it. She took the scarf and wrapped it around his eyes. Then she instructed him to get in the center of the bed on all fours. She handcuffed his hands to the headboard. She put the strap on vibrating dildo, applied anal gel as she slapped his ass a couple times. He flinched as the paddle stung his bare ass. She crawled up behind him. She pulled his ass cheeks apart as she shoved the dildo in hard. She thrust long, fast, hard strides. She shoved it deeper in his ass as he screamed. She pulled the dildo out and slapped his ass with the paddle before releasing his hands and the scarf. 

She lay on her back waiting to see his reaction. He started kissing her and biting her tits. He pinched them violently. Then spreading her legs, he stood on his knees and slammed his cock in hard. He fucked her hard as he put her legs over his shoulders. He rammed her hard as he fondled her breast. She moaned as he thrust faster and harder. He leaned in to kiss her. She said, “Baby, I am about to cum.” Just as she said that they both came. He felt her sweet juices oozing out on his balls. He left his cock in her cunt. He kissed her several times before rolling over.

He pulled her close. They laid in silence as they drifted off into a nap. They both were exhausted and unable to get out to go anywhere. Besides the electric was off also; so what better thing to do on a nice cold snowy day.

After several hours, she woke up and rolled over facing him. She kissed his lips and continued down until she came to his cock. She kissed his balls before rubbing them with her fingertips. Taking the free hand, she took his cock in her hand and started stroking it. He moaned as he awoke and looked up. She twirled her tongue around the tip of his cock. She went down on it slow and teasing. Her head bobbing up and down as she felt his cock swell and fill her mouth with cum. She straddled his legs and slides her pussy down over his cock. She rocked back and forth on it. She shoved his cock deep in her pussy. She thrust long fast strides as he fondled her breast. After thrusting long and hard she tensed around his cock. They both came as she leaned in to kiss him passionately. 

They crawled out of bed just as the lights flickered back on. She went into the kitchen to fix lunch. She also turned the dishwasher on to do the breakfast dishes. As he sat down to watch television, he reflected on how much fun they had just because of being snowed in.