 Chapter 05 – Pool Party

Friday afternoon I was sitting at work, finishing my weekly duties. Nothing much was happening and the office was pretty quiet. The sound of my phone ringing broke that silence.

"Hello," I answered.

"It's Emma," her lovely voice informed me.

"And Leslie," a second voice added.

"Two for the price of one," I joked. "What can I do for you ladies?"

"New assignment time, stud," Emma informed me.

"Tomorrow at noon at my house," Leslie instructed.

"What's the assignment," I asked, figuring they probably would not tell me.

"Glad you asked," Leslie responded. "We're having a party."

"A pool party for some prospective clients," Emma supplemented.

"That sound like a good time," I admitted.

"Bring your bathing suit and sports knowledge," Leslie directed me. "We need you to be macho with the men and charming with their wives."

"Charming but respectable," Emma clarified.

"I think I can do that," I laughed.

"We have great faith in you," Leslie postured.

"As of tomorrow, you are our new consultant," Emma divulged.

"I am looking forward to it," I offered.

"See you tomorrow," they said in unison and both hung up.

I finished my day and headed home. I wondered what tomorrow would bring.

The next day arrived and I headed to Leslie's as directed. I had on a dark blue hawaiian shirt and black shorts, accompanied by flip flops and my shades. I was struck by how highly I thought of myself at that moment.

When I arrived, the driveway was full of cars, forcing me to park in front of the house behind two other cars. I made my way to the door and before I could ring the bell the door opened. Vivian ushered me into the house quickly and shut the door.

"I was waiting for you," she admitted.

"Thanks, you look great," I complemented. She had on a white two-piece bathing suit. The top was a string halter and the bottom was also a sting style suit. 

"No one else knows you're here," she stated. "Let's go upstairs."

"Viv, you know the rules," I reminded her.

"You're right, but I want you," she whined. "Let's ask Leslie."

"Ask me what," Leslie questioned as she entered the front hall.

She strolled over and kissed me on the cheek. She was wearing a blue bikini top and a long sarong around her waist, probably being self conscious about the still fading scars on her legs.

"I want to know what the rules for today are," Vivian pressed.

"Good question," Leslie declared. "Let's get this settled."

Leslie started up the stairs and we followed quickly. She headed down the hall to her room. The door was closed but she opened it without knocking. Penny was standing there tying the top of another woman I did not recognize. Penny had on a sexy black one piece suit that crossed behind her neck and across her tits. The other woman had on a red string bikini. She had a great body from my view.

We entered the bedroom and Leslie closed the door.

"Hey y'all," Penny said, still finishing what she was doing.

"Time to set the rules for the day," Leslie stated. "This is my sister Brooke. She is thinking of joining the game and will observe today."

Brooke turned around and I recognized her from some of the pictures on Leslie's wall. She was stunning, about 5ft 4in tall, with blonde hair that ended well above her shoulders and was dyed black at the bottom. I guessed she was about 8 to 10 years younger than Leslie. She had nice, full breasts and outstanding curves on her tight frame. Her ass was a little plumper than the other ladies, but that was a nice distinguishing feature.

"Welcome," I said simply.

"Thanks, but nothing is official yet," she warned sharply.

"Ok, here are the rules," Leslie interrupted. "We each get one turn with him today during the party. The catch is that you cannot have your turn until the person ahead of you in line has had their turn. Vivian will go first, then Penny and then me."

"Looks like I have my work cut out for me," I joked.

"Brooke you can observe anything you like," Leslie added. "You are not allowed to participate today, but I do want a decision by the end of the day. Now everyone out to the pool."

As we started to leave the room, Vivian grabbed my hand and held me back.

"We will have to meet you out there," she called to the other ladies as she shut the door behind them.

"Remember, it's one turn Vivian," Leslie called from the hall.

Vivian wrapped her arms around my neck and was kissing me deeply while Leslie repeated the rules. I wrapped my arms around her waist and squeezed her tightly.

"I've missed you baby," she said pulling away from me.

"I've missed you too, Viv," I announced.

"I wish I had more than one turn with you," she lamented. "I would stay up here with you all day."

"I am sorry that is not the case," I postured. "Since you only have one turn, tell me what you want."

"I want you to fill me," she exclaimed. "So I can carry some of you with me all day."

I smiled at her as she untied her suit bottom and dropped it to the floor. Vivian then climbed onto the bed on all fours and indicated for me to join her. I dropped my shorts to the floor and pulled my shirt over my head to deposit it as well. I climbed up on the bed and positioned myself behind Vivian's tight little ass.

"Don't make me wait, babe," she stated.

I placed the head of cock to her hole and leaned into her. My pole slid inside her opening with no resistance as she was well lubricated. I moaned as I pushed in again. She felt amazing. I grabbed her hips and rocked in and out of her moistness. I rocked faster and pushed harder but it was not enough for her.

"FUCK ME HARDER," Vivian screamed.

Not wanting to disappoint her I began ramming her wildly. I crashed my cock inside her over and over as my balls slammed into her clit. I pulled her to me with more force each time as she started to moan. I impaled her hotspot with my rod until she screamed with delight. She reached her arms back to me and I grabbed them, using them as leverage to continue to spear her pussy with my swollen member. 

Finally she screamed and shuttered as she climaxed. It made me happy to get her to that point and I was smiling as I reached my own orgasm. I emptied my nuts into her box with multiple thick streams of jizz. I unloaded them with several furious thrusts into her before I exited her vagina.

Vivian collapsed onto the bed, breathing heavily but not speaking. I climbed off the bed and dressed. When I was done I headed back over to where Vivian was lying and kissed her on the cheek.

"I will let them know you need a few minutes to compose yourself," I said before turning and exiting the bedroom.

I headed down the stairs and through the kitchen and dining room to the back patio area. As I stepped outside, there were a lot of people milling about and several in the pool. Emma husband Jack was manning the grill and we exchange an obligatory head nod. There was a couple in the hot tub and several people sitting back on beach style chairs. There was also a volleyball net setup but no one was using it. There were several coolers filled with beer, soda and water. There was also a large, buffet-style table with about a dozen trays of catered food, from chicken to salad to penne.

I noticed Leslie and Emma talking to a tall, fat man and a shorter rounder lady. Penny, meanwhile, was trapped with a thin, medium height man and a shorter, bikini clad blonde lady. Brooke, I noticed, was lying on a beach chair in the sun with her shades on, taking in the rays. It was quite a scene to behold and the first thing I did was grab a drink.

I headed over to where Penny was and started making small talk with her and the couple she was speaking with, Bob and Sue Denton. Apparently, Bob was a small business owner looking for legal representation and Penny was selling me hard on Emma and Leslie. I introduced myself as a consultant, as I had been instructed.

The conversation worked its way from business to sports. Bob was a big NASCAR guy and I tried to keep up with him during the conversation. He then suggested that he and Sue play against Penny and me in a game of volleyball. I thought it would be fun and we headed over to where the net was setup.

We managed a playful game with Bob and Sue, which prompted a small crowd to gather. Penny hit a few nice shots at the end to win it for us. I think most of the men where watching Penny play in her tiny little suit, but the game was nice and light. It was more fun than anything else. That entire environment changed when Jack chimed in.

"I bet I can pick any lady here and beat you two," Jack announced for all to hear.

"You're on," I challenged him quickly.

Penny pulled me aside and I expect her to say that I was taking this was too seriously.

"That was very assertive of you," she said, surprising me. "And very hot."

"Thanks, I get a little competitive sometimes," I admitted.

"Good, let's beat them then," she agreed.

"You make it sound like a foregone conclusion," I stated.

"I played division I volleyball in college, so it is," she informed me. "Let me go change."

Penny stepped away and disappeared inside the house as Jack kept talking.

"Is your partner scared," he teased.

"I don't think so, Jack," I fired at him. "Choose your partner."

"I'll take Emma," he announced.

Emma trotted over from where she was standing and joined her husband. She was wearing a simple pink sundress, playing it conservative around Jack. Penny reemerged from the house with a t-shirt and shorts on, ready to go. She ran up to me and kissed me on the cheek.

"Let's go," she yelled as she served the ball for the first time.

The game went very well for us, as Emma was not much of an athlete. Jack tried to carry his team but Penny was just too much for him. She hit shots to run him ragged which allowed me to drop the ball in for easy points. We beat them easy, 21-6.

"I really didn't have the caliber of partner that you did," Jack proclaimed after the match.

"I bet you could pick any guy here to be your partner and we would still beat you Jack," Penny fired back at him.

"Name your bet Penny," Jack retaliated.

"If win you buy me a new wardrobe," Penny offered.

"And if I win," Jack inquired.

"I will clean your house for a month," Penny responded.

"Interesting," Jack pondered. "Make it you clean my house naked and you're on."

Emma looked at her husband disgusted and some of the guests made gasping sounds as they watched the exchange take on a new level. Emma stomped off, apparently disgusted at her spouse. Penny thought for a long moment about the new proposal.

"Deal," she finally agreed.

"Great," Jack exclaimed. "I pick him."

Jack was pointing past us and we all turned to see at whom. I was surprised to see that Mindy and Brad had joined the party. Mindy was wearing a white bikini with floral print on it and looked hot. Brad, in shorts and a t-shirt, stood there without a clue of what just happened. Mindy pushed him towards the area we were to play in and he wandered over.

"Game on," I surmised out loud.

Penny huddled with me quickly.

"Keep it high and I will spike junior into the ground," she indicated.

I smiled and nodded. I served the ball and the game was underway. It was tight game early, trading points until it was 7-7. Penny then kicked it into high gear and began spiking the ball all over Brad, who for a baseball player seemed awfully uncoordinated. She rang up 6 straight points on him before Jack forced him to switch spots.

Jack faired no better as Penny outsmarted him. Every time Jack jumped to block a spike, Penny stayed back and directed the ball just past him; gently enough so Brad could not reach it. The game ended 21-9. 

"I will send you the bill after my trip to the mall, Jack," Penny gloated.

Jack said nothing; he just huffed away from the court. He gave me an ominous stare as he did so. Penny turned to me and kissed me on the cheek.

"Meet me inside in 5 minutes," she half giggled, half whispered.

Penny then turned and headed back into the house. I watched her disappear and waited a few minutes. I made some more small talk with Bob and Sue to kill time. After some time had elapsed I excused myself and headed into the house. Brooke was standing near the kitchen counter and we made eye contact as I entered.

"Penny's upstairs in Leslie's room," she announced. "I take it she is waiting for you."

"That would be my estimation," I agreed. "What did you think of our volleyball performance?"

"Sports bore me," she huffed. "I need a little more excitement."

"The join the game," I encouraged her.

"Maybe I will," she retorted, smirked at me.

I turned and headed upstairs without saying anything else. A maybe was always better than a straight no. I proceeded to Leslie's room where the door was shut. I knew who was inside so I felt no need to knock. I opened the door and Penny was lying on the bed, completely naked.

"Join me," she invited.

I kicked off my flip flops and deposited my shirt and shorts in a pile right there on the floor. I walked over to the bed with my cock getting harder by the second. I climbed onto the bed and attempted to position myself on top of Penny, but she had other ideas. Penny pushed me onto my back and began stroking my cock while kissing my chest.

"Since this is a one shot deal," she said, "I want to make it count."

She then kissed her way down my stomach and her mouth found my rock hard rod. She licked the tip of my dick before running her tongue up and down my shaft repeatedly. I winced and breathed heavy as she did this. She continued to stroke and lick my pole until I could not take it anymore.

Just when I thought I would combust, she thrust my cock into her mouth. She sucked and slobbered on my tool with great energy. Her skills were tremendous as she mouthed and lapped at my stick. She changed her technique to take most of my shaft into her mouth. I was seeing start the more she deep throated my pool. It was only a matter of moments before I was blasting my milky jizz into the back of her throat. She did not let one drop escape as she held my dick in her mouth until I was empty.

I lay there, spent. Penny crawled up to me and kissed me on the cheek.

"I can't wait until the next we are together and I can get more out of you," she declared.

She then hopped off the bed and threw her sexy bathing suit back on as I watched. I looked past her and noticed Brooke standing in the doorway. She saw me catch a glimpse of her and she walked away. Penny was ready to go at that point.

"Don't take too long," she giggled. "Leslie still gets her turn."

Penny then disappeared out of the room and I was alone for a moment. I finally found the energy to lift myself off the bed and put my cloths back on. I was about to head back downstairs when I noticed Brooke in the doorway again.

"Penny looked great but you didn't do much," she shot at me.

"The game has many forms," I replied.

I brushed past her and was on my way down the stairs when she spoke again.

"Do you want me to play the game," she asked.

"I don't think this is a matter of what I want," I educated her.

"Are you saying you don't think I'm hot," she challenged. "That you don't want to fuck me?"

"That's not what I am saying at all," I explained. I wasn't even thinking that. She was hot. Her body was tight and her two-toned hair was a turn-on, not to mention her full breasts. "Brooke, if you play this game, you have to be prepared and willing to accept what it brings. That is what I am saying. Off the record though, I would love to fuck the shit out of you more than once."

I didn't wait for a reply. I headed down the remaining steps and through the kitchen, back out to the pool area in the back. I stepped through the glass door and saw Jack on the grill again while Penny, Emma and Leslie were each schmoozing different perspective clients.

I grabbed a beach chair and a beer, trying to relax. I saw for only a moment before Mindy pulled up a seat next to me. She was beautiful, but off limits. Though, she paid me a lot of attention. I waited for her questions to come, though I could never be sure about what topic they would be.

"Who's the best," she asked.

"The best at what," I played dumb.

"The best in bed," she clarified.

"They all have their strengths," I admitted.

"You have been with Emma, Leslie, Penny and Vivian," she recapped. "One of them has to do more for you than the others. Who is it?"

"Don't forget Nikki," I corrected her.

"Oh, I don't know Nikki," she revealed. "This is a unique game. You are a prize; you don't have to play this game you know."

"Yes, I do know," I confirmed. "I chose to play. I like the game. I like the women that play with me. Try not to judge."

"I wanna play," she pouted.

"Not my call," I simplified.

She sort of huffed and walked away muttering something under her breath that I did not quite catch. In a small way I enjoyed being able to ruffle her feathers like that, in another way I felt like an ass for dismissing her so easily. I watched her grab Brad by the hand and lead him into the house.

I spent the rest of the afternoon drinking and making small talking. I played my role as the macho consultant to perfection, complimenting the wives and talking sports with the husbands. Every so often Jack would glare my way with a look that said he was still pissed about losing. No wonder Emma sought me out for this game.

As the sun started to get low in the sky, people start to leave and tell Leslie what a great time they had. I kicked back in a beach chair again, nursing another beer when I saw a silhouette sit down next to me. I assumed it was Mindy again.

"You did great today," Leslie said. She had ignored me most of the day, but now I was the center of her attention. "I think we should go inside and discuss an idea I had."

She grabbed me by the hand and led me into the dining room. Brooke, Vivian and Penny were all seated at the table, apparently waiting for us. We both sat and I examined the looks on the ladies faces. They were as confused as I was.

"Today was a splendid hit," Leslie began. "I am making a small change to today's rules. What exactly that change will be depends on where the game stands. Brooke, do you have a decision for us?"

We all looked at Brooke, waiting for that answer.