 It had been another freezing cold Friday night and snowing out. Just another late night in front of the TV drinking beer and trying to keep warm. I was starting to think about going to bed when I heard a knock at my front door.

Who the fuck could that be at this time of night? I think to myself.

I go to the door and call out, "Who is it?"

"I'm really sorry to disturb you so late, but yours was the only house with a light on and my car has broken down. Could I please use your phone?"

I open the door to find this cute, and my guess pretty young librarian type looking girl standing there, freezing in the snow.

"Come in quick, you must be freezing."

"I'm real sorry to intrude like this, I know it is very late." she says as she steps inside. I now notice she also speaks with an accent. Maybe Australian or British even?

"It's no problem, I was still up. What happened to your car? I might be able to help."

She looks at me uncertainly. She is a real little cutie, early 20s, dark hair pulled up in this tight bun and clear green eyes twinkling behind a pair of glasses.

"Well, as I was driving along when my accelerator just went right to the floor and the car lost speed, and the engine won't rev."

I winced. That was not good.

"Oh no. What does that mean?"

"Sounds to me like your timing belt. You're going to need a tow and I doubt you will get one with the snow this heavy out and this late."

"Oh shit." she mumbles. "I'm so sorry about this. Is it ok if I use your phone?"

"Sure, go ahead and help yourself." I point to the phone across the room and try not to make it too obvious that I am watching her.

She is so tiny, barely as tall as my shoulders and slim. The suit she is wearing accentuates her curves and as she moves across the room I get my first glimpse of that tight little ass wiggling underneath her fitted skirt. I find myself imagining what it would be like to undo the buttons of her jacket when I feel my dick starting to grow hard. 

I quickly sit down to try and hide my rapidly swelling cock when she comes back over to the couch. 

"I'm so sorry for all this. I am not getting any answer from my room mate. I'm new in town and I don't know any one else. I don't really know what to do now."

She just looks at me, this completely helpless look on her pretty little face that does absolutely nothing to ease my hard on.

"Well, it is really too late to do anything about it now. You may as well get yourself comfortable here and call for a tow in the morning." I can't believe I just invited her to stay the night. "I'll go get you some blankets and stuff, the couch is pretty comfortable." I quickly add as I get up, hoping she won't try and stop me.

"Gee, Thanks so much that is really nice of you. I am so sorry to put you out like this, oh, and I don't even know your name." she reaches out to shake my hand and gives me a cute little smile, "I'm Sophie." 

I take her hand and smile right back, "I'm Mark and it's no problem Sophie."

As I let go of her hand I swear her eyes settle on my bulging crotch for a second before looking away.

Oh lord, she probably thinks I'm a perv! I turn my back to Sophie quickly and hurry off to get some blankets and things for her. 

Surely it was just my imagination. Or was it? I think to myself. Yeah, just wishful thinking I laugh. I grab two pillows and some blankets and take them back to Sophie. 

I walk in to see she has taken off her suit jacket and is now wearing a white shirt, the buttons undone just enough to show off a hint of her lovely cleavage. My mind immediately begins to race with desire for this cute little piece of ass which fortunately arrived on my doorstep. 

I start to see myself ripping that shirt open, popping off the buttons one by one, and kissing my way down that slender neck of hers. 'Snap out of it Mark, get a grip.' I tell myself. 

"Here's some bedding for you Sophie. Would you like something to drink? How about a beer?" I ask.

"A beer would be great about now." she smiles up at me. I put the bedding down and go to the kitchen for our drinks. 

I come back with two beers and now she has taken off her glasses and taken down her hair. Her loose dark curls drop down framing her face and I realise she is not just cute but absolutely beautiful. 

"Wow." I realise I'm just staring at Sophie, "I just mean you look different without your glasses." I quickly try to recover blushing madly.

She just shyly smiles at me. "Thanks. I think they make me look like a geek, but I can't drive without them."

"I wouldn't say geek, but librarian maybe..." I joke as I hand her a beer, "You're not are you?"

"Ha ha, close," she smiles, "school teacher."

"Really? You look too young."

"Why? How old do you think I am?" she asks teasingly with one eyebrow cocked.

"Well, before you said anything I would have said early 20's, but now..."

"Try 28." 

"No shit? Well, you look a lot younger than that." I'm genuinely surprised.

"I get that a lot." Sophie just smiles. "So what about you Mark?"

"What about me?" I laugh at the look on her face, "Ok, ok. I'm 29. So tell me, what do you teach?"

"Well, I decided I wanted to travel and I had a friend in Ohio who lined up a temporary teaching job here for me. So I'm here for six months teaching 9th & 10th grade English."

This explains that cute accent I think to myself. 

"I have been having trouble placing your accent. So where are you from?"

"Australia." she replies.

"With that cute accent, I bet you star in many teenage boys fantasies. I never had any teachers who looked like you when I was in school, but if I did, I may have been there more..." I tease.

Seeing Sophie blush is real cute, but she still has a laugh with me and tells me I'm awful.

So it turns out she is real easy to talk to and we have a lot in common. Before I know it we have been through a six pack and nearly 3 hours have passed when Sophie let's out a huge yawn.

"Yeah, it is getting really late. I should let you go to sleep Sophie." I say with instant regret but to my surprise Sophie takes my hand and looks me straight in the eye. 

"I really do appreciate everything tonight Mark. There must be a way I can show you how much."

Without taking her eyes off of me Sophie starts to undo the buttons of her shirt. She looks so sexy the way she is biting her bottom lip as she undoes those buttons. 

I realise I'm holding my breath as the shirt slips from Sophie's shoulders, and she sits there just looking at me with pleading eyes. 

"Don't you want to touch them Mark?" she asks me in the coyest little voice.

I slowly exhale as I look from her eyes to the creamy skin of her tits inside the lacy white bra, back to her beautiful green eyes. Sophie just smiles at me again and gives me an encouraging little nod.

I reach out and slide the bra strap down off of her shoulder and kiss its smooth skin. She tips head back gasping and arches her back as I kiss my way down her chest. I kiss right down into her soft cleavage. 

I reach behind to unhook her bra. It falls and releases those glorious tits. Her nipples are so small and hard and pink. I run my hands over them, and feel her hard little nipples poking at my palms. 

I lay Sophie back against the couch as I suck her wondrous titties between my lips one at a time, flicking them with my tongue and kissing them over and over, rolling each nipple gently between my teeth. 

She starts to gasp and writhe beneath me, her hands running through my hair. 

We kiss with so much passion and I can feel her hands exploring my body, suddenly pulling at my shirt violently, ripping it off over my head. She goes to my belt and starts to undo my jeans. I give her a hand to get them off and then grab hold of her skirt which just slides down over her hips.

Sophie looks so unbelievably sexy laying in front of me in nothing but a pair of lacy white panties. I moan out loud because I can't decide where I want to start when she suddenly says "Eat my pussy Mark, please, eat me until I cum all over your face."

I moan again with desire as she spreads her legs wide for me and I can see her panties are wet. I can smell her delicious pussy already and I don't hesitate for another second. I start licking Sophie's panties, tasting her wet patch.

I poke my tongue at her panties, stretching them into her pussy until I can't take it any more. I bite at her crotch taking the panties between my teeth and ripping them clean off of her. 

She gasps out aloud. Moaning as she starts to play with her nipples, I plunge my tongue into her hot wet snatch.

"Yes Mark, Oh Yes! Eat my pussy, mmmmmmmmmm, god that feels so good!!!!" She cries out from underneath me.

Her taste is so incredible, I want more. I suck her hard little clit into my mouth and slide a finger into that tight little pussy. Her hips start to rock faster and faster. I start to massage her clit with my thumb as she rides my hand. I take my finger out of her pussy and slide it into her mouth letting her taste her own pussy juices. 

We kiss again with so much desire. She sucks my tongue deep into her mouth; I think to myself how I can't wait for it to be my cock.

As her hands run down my body I decide I'm not quite finished tasting her yet. I flip Sophie over so she is on her knees with that glorious ass in my face.

She looks back at me over a shoulder. "Smack my ass Mark, smack it hard."

She begins to shake her tight ass up and down in front of me and that is all the encouragement I need. With one big *crack* I lay a big stinging slap on to her beautiful little ass. 

She cries out but continues wiggling her butt at me..."Yes baby! Hit it again, hard...."

I give her another huge *crack* and she now has a big red hand print on either cheek..."mmmmmmmm, yessssss...." she is moaning.

I start to rub her ass all over and then just slide my cock between its cheeks. I feel her hands reach back and begin to massage my balls as I keep rubbing my cock all over that sweet ass...

"C'mon and show me that nice little asshole baby..." 

She reaches back and slowly pulls apart her ass cheeks showing me her sexy, glistening wet snatch and her hot, tight little asshole.

I run my tongue all the way along her swollen pussy lips, spreading her delicious juices all over her asshole and begin to tongue fuck that perfect little ass.

Moaning loudly she starts to finger her pussy. Her ass is up in the air at my mercy and her face is pushed down into the couch, which muffles out her cries some. 

Pussy juice is running down her thighs and the sight makes my cock so hard, I feel like I'm going to explode all over her ass if I don't fuck her juicy little hole right away.

I start to rub the head of my cock against her pussy and Sophie responds immediately, pushing her hips back, eager for me to slide my dick into that tight wetness. 

I take a grip of her hips and slam my cock all the way home, as deep into that horny snatch as I can go.

"Yes! Yes! Fuck me Mark, Fuck me! Fuck me harder!!!" she screams as I start to pump at her juicy little pussy faster and faster.

She looks back over her shoulder at me and winks! I start to slam my dick into her pussy harder than I have ever fucked anyone before. I take a handful of hair and lean forward to kiss her. She hungrily sucks my tongue into her mouth as her pussy clamps down around my cock with her first orgasm. As she moans into my mouth I can't hold back any longer. Breaking our kiss I let out my own shout of ecstasy as I release my creamy load deep inside her. 

I slide my cock out so I can see Sophie's delightful little pussy dripping with our love, only to see her slide two fingers over her dripping cunt and then suck them into her mouth.

"Oh Mark, you taste so good. Let me lick you clean."

I sit back and Sophie drops down between my legs.

She takes my softening chubby in her hand and sucks it deep into her hot wet mouth.

I gasp as she starts to jerk my cock and nibble and lick on my balls at the same time. Suddenly my balls are in her mouth and my cock is nearly completely hard again already.

She then starts rubbing the head of my cock in little circles with her thumb as she sucks all over the shaft, like giving my cock lots of little love bites.

Her tongue is now circling the head, when her lips wrap right around and start to slide up and down my dick, faster and faster.

As Sophie sucks on my dick as hard as she can I feel her squeezing the base to hold my orgasm back. I take her by the arms and pull her up into my lap. Sophie lowers her pussy down and starts to rub her juicy clit against my dick. With one hand on either side of my head she lowers a titty into my mouth as she impales herself on my rock hard cock. 

I take her ass in my hands as she bounces up and down on my dick enthusiastically; I want to fuck that tight little ass. I pull my cock out of her cunt and start to rub it against her asshole spreading our juicy love all around. Sophie whimpers on top of me as I start to push the head into her especially tight asshole. Oh so slowly she sinks her ass further down on to my cock. Once she has my whole length engorged in her ass I take a hold of her hips and slowly start to pump my cock in and out. 

With a hurt so good look on her face Sophie reaches down to rub her swollen clit as I start fucking her ass faster. Throwing her head back she lets out one long, low continuous moan as I slam my cock in and out of her ass.

I can't hold it for much longer and just as I think I'm going to blow Sophie gasps, "No, in my mouth Mark. I want to swallow every drop of your delicious cum."

I pull my dick out of her ass. My cock is all red and throbbing, ready to cum again when Sophie slides her lips over my knob. "Oh my, yes baby, taste your ass." I groan. 

What a skilled little tongue she has. She uses her tongue to tickle her way down to my ass and then starts to lick my asshole while jacking me real slowly.

I close my eyes and feel her tongue sliding further and further into my ass as she jerks my cock faster and faster. Suddenly I feel that fabulous mouth again sliding all the way down my cock as her finger slides right into my asshole.

It's like nothing I have ever felt before. Within seconds my hot cum is spewing down her throat and my whole body is convulsing from such an intense orgasm. 

I open my eyes and look down at Sophie. My cum is now dripping off her chin down on to her glorious little tits and I swear I have never seen any woman look hotter than Sophie did right at that moment.