 Chapter 06 -- Winners Take All

We all now had our eyes fixed on Brooke, who looked like a deer caught in headlights.

"Um, I'm still not sure," Brooke uttered.

"That's not how the game works, Brooke," Leslie talked down to her younger sister.

"More for us if she doesn't play," Vivian snickered and then winked at me.

"Listen, bitch, I can decide for myself," Brooke yelled at her.

"There's the fire I knew was inside you," Leslie encouraged her. "So are you in? I won't ask you again."

"Yes, I am in," Brooke announced and then she looked at me sternly.

"Great," Leslie declared. "Based on all of your performances today, I think I should not be selfish and give up my turn with our boy."

"Give it up to whom," Penny inquired quickly.

"To the winners of another game of volleyball," Leslie revealed. "I will even increase it to the winners of the game get to spend the night with him, here, tonight."

I was shocked. This was a bold move for Leslie. I was actually very impressed. Her poise and control were outstanding and her logic showed a blooming appreciation for everyone involved in the game. Leslie was starting to enjoy the responsibility of being in charge.

"What are the teams," Penny asked.

"Brooke and I against you and Vivian," Leslie decided quickly. "Think you are up for it?"

"Best of 3," Penny waged.

"Done," Leslie cemented.

We headed outside to the area where the net was setup. As we walked past him, Jack saw something brewing. We were waiting on Penny, who had gone to change out her bathing suit once again.

"What's going on," he asked me.

"Penny and Vivian are playing Leslie and Brooke in a best of 3 volleyball game," I clued him in.

"Hey Em, you're gonna want to see this," he yelled to Emma, who was currently seeing out the final guests.

We each pulled up a beach chair and Jack offered me another beer. I gladly accepted, as I could not wait to see this game. Emma came through the glass doors and sat next to Jack as he explained to her what was about to happen. She turned back over her shoulder to look at me and mouthed the words, "For You?" I replied by mouthing one word back to her "Tonight."

Finally Penny arrived, clad once again in a t-shirt and yellow shorts. The first game began. Penny was hot early, building a 6-2 lead despite Vivian not being much of an athlete. Leslie and Brooke seemed to not be on the same page and there was a lot of yelling from their side of the court.

"What's going on," Mindy asked me as she sat down next to me.

"They are playing 2 out of 3," I answered simply.

She leaned in close to me and put her mouth near my right ear.

"Are you the prize," she whispered.

I did not answer, I simply nodded and she sighed. We all watched with tremendous interest.

Penny was playing like a woman possessed, giving Vivian instruction as they went along. Before long game 1 was out of hand at 18-5. Penny finished off the first game with 3 straight spikes over Brooke, smiling extra wide as she had successfully showed Vivian how to set her up.

There was a short time out between games. Leslie pulled Brooke aside and tried to instruct her on how they were going to play game two. Penny and Vivian were ready to go right away, enjoying their game one win. Leslie served to open game two and we were all still sitting there captivated by the action.

Brooke and Leslie seemed to have organized themselves a little better in the second game and it was close at 5-4, when they went on a small run to make it 7-5 in their favor. Penny was able to regain the serve and that is when things changed dramatically. Down 7-6, Penny served and while attempting to set Penny later during that point, Vivian's ankle gave out on her. As she crumbled to the ground in a heap, she managed to set the ball and Penny spiked it home to tie the game at 7.

Vivian was in serious pain as she sat holding her ankle. She got to her feet with Penny's help and hobbled around a bit. We all thought she should stop but she was a woman determined.

"Viv, you could have torn something," Emma pleaded. "You should sit this one out."

"Not a chance," Vivian replied, wincing in pain. She looked at me and smiled. "Serve."

Penny served but the point was lost, as Vivian had no mobility on her bad joint. Leslie and Brooke capitalize on the injury, boosting the score to 9-7 in their favor. Penny hit a great shot that landed on the out line to recover the serve. Vivian got a weak serve over the net and the ball was in play. Vivian again went for a set and again her ankle gave out. This time though, there was a loud tearing sound that went along with her crashing to the floor.

Jack and I both ran over to her. We helped her up and carried her over to a beach chair. Her ankle was already swelling and she could put no pressure on it at all with out pulling back from the pain. Her game was over for the night. As we further examined her ankle, Brooke and Penny got into a heated discussion.

"It has to be a forfeit, your partner can't play," Brooke shouted.

"I should be able to take on a replacement and finish," Penny hollered back at her.

Leslie stood and watched them yell at each other. She looked over at me and finally put an end to the bickering.

"Enough," Leslie yelled at both of them. "We are going to finish. Mindy will play in Vivian's place."

"That's bullshit," Brooke insisted.

"I make the rules, Brooke," Leslie reminded her sister. "Get your game face on."

Mindy stood up from her beach chair and was smiling widely. She ran over to the court and pulled Penny aside to talk.

"Penny, I'm so sorry," Vivian called to Penny as we calmed her down and stabilized her foot.

"Let's go have that x-rayed, Viv," Emma encouraged her sister.

"Ok, I can make it to the car," Vivian insisted, with tears in her eyes, until she stood and began to fall again. Thankfully Jack and I caught her and lifted her up.

We carried her to Jack's car in front of the house and loaded her in the back seat. Emma and Jack occupied the front seats and pulled away quickly on their way to the hospital. I returned to the back yard where the game had changed. Game two was now over, Leslie and Brooke had made short work of Penny and her new partner, 21-10.

Penny was heated. She had Mindy pulled aside and was speaking to her in a determined tone of voice. Mindy walked away from her and left the court. She went inside the house and returned only a few moments later, now wearing a t-shirt and shorts in place of the floral bikini she had started to play in. She returned to the court and slapped Penny on the rear, apparently ready to play. That might have been the sexiest gesture I had ever seen between women.

Penny served to open game 3 and it was on. The game was back and forth as Mindy was really playing hard. It was 7-6 in favor of Leslie and Brooke when Brooke looked over at me and blew me a kiss. This gesture seemed to infuriate both Penny and Mindy. They went on a long run of points to get the game to 15-7 before surrendering the serve.

Brooke put back to back shots past Mindy to cut it to 15-9, followed by an ace serve from Leslie to close to 15-10. I was enthralled watching this unfold. Penny finally spiked one to retrieve the serve and she was determined to close out the game. Penny hit 4 ace serves in a row, putting a nasty spin on the ball. The game ended with Mindy setting Penny on back-to-back spikes over Brooke.

As the last ball hit the ground, Penny let out a yell of invigoration. She and Mindy hugged wildly. Leslie took it in stride while Brooke stormed off the court and into the house without a word. Penny shook hands with Leslie in a gesture of sportsmanship, as I asked a rather interesting question.

"Leslie, how does the prize work now," I inquired.

Brad looked over at me, in a state of utter confusion.

"Simple, Penny and Vivian won. Penny gets her prize tonight and Vivian will claim hers at a later date," Leslie outlined.

"Fuck that," Mindy protested immediately. "I played so I get the prize, not Vivian."

"No, you don't," Leslie halted her. "Vivian was part of the original deal and you were not."

"That's not fair," Mindy shouted.

"Life isn't fair," Leslie retorted in a rather cliché manner.

Mindy stomped off the court, grabbed Brad by the hand and disappeared into the house. I sat there watching all of this unfold in utter amazement. I looked at Penny who was smiling like I had never seen her. She was so excited.

"You two can have my room tonight," Leslie extended to us. "I don't think I will be getting much sleep anyway."

Penny did not say anything. She ran over to where I was still sitting and grabbed me by the hand, leading me into the house. I wondered why Leslie mentioned that she would not be getting sleep tonight. Was it just the cleanup from the party or was there something else. I did not make this known to Penny, as she dragged me by the hand up through the kitchen and up the stairs. We barged through the door of Leslie's bedroom and Penny slammed it shut behind us. She threw her arms around my neck and kissed me deeply. I ran my hands all over her hips and ass as we kissed, her body was so tight, I loved it and my cock reacted immediately, swelling in my shorts.

"I am so hot right now," Penny admitted, kissing my wildly. "Playing volleyball always does that to me."

"I am glad that will be to my benefit tonight," I replied.

"Let's take a shower," she insisted, pulling away from me and ripping off her t-shirt.

"Whatever you want tonight," I conceded.

She ran playfully to the bathroom door and stopped. She bent over and slowly removed her shorts; ensure I had a full view of her gorgeous bottom. As she slid them down her legs, her moist pussy came into view. I was at full erection seeing this.

Penny entered the bathroom and started the water in the shower. I tossed my shirt and shorts aside and made my way into the bathroom as well. Penny was already in the shower when I reached it. Her outline was visible through the clouded glass doors and I was enjoying watching her run her hands all over her body under the water.

I stepped through the glass door and into the shower. Penny was under the water, her hair already soaked to her scalp. I watched her for a moment and the grabbed hold of her around the waist. She seemed to be in a trance under the water and was startled slightly by my touch. I pulled her to me, her back to my chest. I kissed her neck from behind and fondled her gorgeous breasts as the water cascaded onto her chest.

She turned to face me and kissed me again. I stepped closer to her so that we were both now under the running water. She lifted her left leg and guided my cock to her opening. I slid in with no resistance as she was already well lubricated. I lifted her onto me so I could enter her fully. I pinned her to the porcelain wall of the shower and forced myself as far inside of her as I could go. She gasped slightly and smiled at me.

I held her pinned to the side of the shower and rocked my hips so my pole slid in and out of her hole. We were both enjoying this very much as I pumped into her repeatedly. The water onto us was soothing as I forced myself into her again. She held her hands behind my neck and moaned as I continued to penetrate her continually.

Her body began to shiver and she arched her neck, indicating that her climax was nearing. I pressed myself inside as forcefully as I could, hoping to bring about her orgasm. Each thrust caused her to tighten her grip around my neck and groaned.

"Oh Fuck," Penny screamed loudly as she came. 

I wondered who was left in the house and if they heard that. I had impressed myself with the volume and ferocity of her scream. My thoughts quickly turned back to myself as I felt my own orgasm approaching rapidly. Penny saw it in my eyes and she leaned into me closely.

"Give it to me," she whispered seductively.

I pressed into her firmly and my cock exploded. I held her pinned to the wall of the shower as I flooded her box with my jizz. Each discharge inside of her felt better than the last. My knees buckled as I finished. I let Penny down gently and I used the wall I had her pinned to for support.

She smiled at me and moved me so she could engulf herself in the water again. After a moment, she pushed past me and stepped out of the shower. I watched her again through the clouded glass as she dried herself, paying specific attention to her hair. I let the water wash over me and help me regroup. I took several minutes and then shut the water off. I stepped out and Penny tossed me a towel then disappeared from the bathroom.

I finished toweling off and headed back into the bedroom. Penny was lying on the bed on an angle. Her body looked phenomenal. I crawled up onto the bed beside her and sighed. Her actions were sudden and surprising as she rolled over and pounced on top of me. I looked up at her, surprised.

"Oh yeah, we're doing it again," she laughed at me.

She was on her knees, straddling me. She reached behind her and guided my half-hard stick back inside her. I closed my eyes and thrust my hips upward, wanting to enter her entirely. She forced herself down to take me fully. Once I had achieved maximum penetration, Penny raised herself onto the balls of her feet and began to thrust herself up and down on my staff. I was in heaven. I watched as her pussy crashed into my midsection hastily. I stiffen instantly and wanted to fuck her forever.

Penny continued to impale herself on my cock as I watched our privates collide time after time. She grunted and moaned as she propelled herself on my shaft. I grabbed for anything near me as I felt my apex arriving. She continued to ride me intensely as I launched my goo inside her again. I gushed in her box, sending all the sperm I had left into her. I was breathing heavily as she increased the rate of her ride while she climaxed. Her moans became screams as she thrust herself upon my wand.

Penny then crashed on top of me, her head landing in my chest. We lay there, and I wrapped my arms around her to hold her. We did not speak for a while as the aftermath overwhelmed us both. I kissed the top of her head and she rolled off of me and faced away from me.

"Hold me," she requested.

I wrapped my arm around her and pulled her to me. I nibbled her ear lobe and she giggled lightly.

"Talk to me," she appealed to me.

"Of course," I agreed. "Tell me why you were so upset about the prom thing."

"I will at another time, not tonight," she replied. "Tell me what you think of the game."

"The game is crazy," I admitted. "Emma was a chance meeting that turned my world upside down. She is still the queen of this game, even if she isn't playing."

"What about the rest of us," she solicited.

"Brooke apparently is the new girl," I began. "Leslie is the boss lady, Vivian is the pure heart and you are the rock."

"I am the rock," she repeated. "Explain that."

"Of all the chaos, craziness, emotion, anger or just sheer absurdity of this game," I recapped, "you are always the pillar of sanity. I would not still be playing if it weren't for you at certain points during this crazy process."

"What did you say to Leslie on your interview," she asked bluntly.

"I told her that she was responsible for you and Vivian and I," I revealed. "And that if she wasn't up for that responsibility, she should turn the game down."

"Vivian loves you, you know," she exposed.

"I do know," I confirmed. "She's told me. I can see it's getting harder for her to hold it in."

"Do you love her," Penny pressed.

"No," I confessed. "I care for her, but I don't love her. I don't want to see her hurt, so I am doing my best to manage it within the game."

I was growing drowsy as we talked. I could tell Penny was too based on the time between her questions.

"Do you like Leslie," she asked next.

I thought about it and then drifted off for a moment or two.

"Yes, do you," I retorted.

"Yes," she answered flatly after several moments. "I trust her. Do you love Emma?"

I waited and drifted in and out. How do I answer that? Do I even know that answer?

"Again, I care for her, but she's married," I mustered diplomatically. "I could not love a married woman."

Penny yawned and waited for a moment to digest that answer. I thought she had drifted off to sleep, but she surprised me when she spoke again.

"Do you love me," she inquired as she pulled herself as close to me as she could get.

That was a loaded questioned. But I knew the answer I wanted to give and now was as good a time as any to actually say it.

"No matter how I make anyone else feel in this game," I whisper to her, "you are the only one that makes me feel safe. I could love you. I really could, but I am not sure my heart is worth that gamble anymore."

No other questions were asked. No other words were said. I held her as we drifted off together.