 "Please come round and let me make it up to you." My ex on the phone again, wanting to make up for using me the previous week. "You come round here at least I know we will be alone!" "Ok" she said "Be there in an hour."

I spent the next hour wondering how I should play it. I new I was going to have sex but should I seduce her or just pounce when she walks in or even try out one of my fantasies! I needn't have bothered. The door bell went, I opened the door and there she was in a long coat. I let her in closed the door and as I turned to face her she opened the coat to reveal a black push up bra, black panties, black stockings and suspenders.

"Oh shit!" I mouthed "You look awesome!" 

"Yeah eat your heart out Big Boy!" Came her Dirty mouth reply.

I walked up to her, took her in my arms and kissed her full on the lips, our tongues playing with each other. I moved to her neck gently nibbling the smooth fragrant skin.

"You smell so sweet" I whispered into her perfectly formed ear. 

"Take me to bed or lose me forever!" She Exclaimed!

She dropped the coat on the floor and I lifted her into my arms took her to my bedroom and laid her softly onto the bed.

"Be gentle with me, I need you to make love to me!" Always the gentleman and eager to please my lady, I told her "I will make you feel so special."

I stripped naked and knelt on the bed, she knelt up in front of me and our lips met again, this time I kissed her with gentle butterfly kisses, barely touching those deep red lips. 

My hand slid up her thigh and cupped her mound in my hand; I slowly pressed and Ground my palm on it, causing her to moan slightly.

I felt her fingers wrapping round my shaft slowly pulling on my cock making it stiffen!

I unhooked her bra and moved my mouth to her breasts softly lapping at the nipple and every now and then sucking it into my mouth.

"Oh you are getting me so horny, my pussy is on fire!" She moaned.

I lay her down on the bed. My cock had seeped pre cum on her hand and she licked it off as I removed her wet panties.

She spread her legs wide allowing me easy access to her pussy. I slid my tongue into her hole and gently slid it up to her hard clit, she started to squirm and buck as I sucked hard on her clit, flicking it while it was in my mouth.

"Oh baby your driving me mad, eat me faster, faster!"

I just kept the same slow tempo and I could feel her body tensing up like a spring. And after what seemed an eternity, she came and came hard, her body bucking in to my face and her high pitch moans and screams signalling her release.

After a minute or two she was still rolled up in a ball, her hand pressed firmly over her pussy "Hum I feel very special, my pussy is still tingling."

I pulled her on to her back and knelt astride her chest, offering her my cock which she took into her warm moist mouth and sucked it lightly, teasing me as I had done her.

My balls were getting tight and still she sucked slowly. "I want to cum on your tits!" I spoke urgently

"I would love that" she replied. She pushed me back on the bed and lent over me.

All I could see was her back, but I could feel her hands slowly milking my cock, ball achingly slow. After an age of agony and ecstasy, she pushed me over the edge and I came! I heard the first few streams hit her body with a satisfying splat!

I lost all control at that point and tried to fuck her hand, but she just kept milking me slow! The pleasure in my release was overwhelming. 

I flopped down on the bed as she cleaned my cock with her mouth.

She turned round to show me her handy work and she was covered in sperm from her chin to her belly button and she looked beautiful!

I spent the next ten minutes massaging my cum into her skin, in doing so I was getting very turned on! 

"Look at your cock!" she exclaimed "It's ready for action."

She gave it a quick lick and suck and laid down beckoning me to join her. I lay on top of her and kissed her, her kisses were making my cock twitch against her pussy opening.

She moved her hands to my butt and raised her legs to my shoulders. She pulled on my butt to force my cock into her wet pussy.

"Ooooooh that feels so good." she said as the whole of my cock disappeared into her pussy.

I started a gentle rocking motion, putting all my weight on her mound, my movements caused her clit to rub against me and raised her arousal. 

Her pussy was getting wetter and my cock was getting more excited, so I speeded up my grinding, making sure I hit her spot and my cock went as deep as possible.

Her legs wrapped round me tightly and she pulled hard on my butt forcing me to go faster, I couldn't hold out any longer and let my load go after the first spurt she started Cumming too and a hard deep orgasm it was, Almost sucking the cum from my cock! 

Her nails dug deep into my butt and her legs nearly broke my ribs as she shook and rode the wave of her orgasm. 

We collapsed in a heap in each others arms. As I lay my head on her chest I could feel her heart beating and I could feel her fingers stroking my hair. We were so very close at that moment, very close!