 This is the fifth chapter in the saga of Chris and Chloe Weber. While the story can be read separately, I suggest you read the earlier chapters to understand the full context of what is happening here. For those not familiar with those stories, the two main characters often refer to each other as "brother" and "sister," but there is no incest as the two are not related. 

This is a radical departure from most of my offerings and contains no cheating, scheming, plotting or revenge. No one is beaten, shot, blown up, nuked, consumed by flesh-eating fish or sent to an alternate universe, however, there is a reference to an earlier story, "No Mercy." I hope you enjoy this little tale. If so, great. If not, that's fine too. 

I realize I could probably have placed this in one or two other categories, but chose to post here as it is a story of consensual sex between a husband and his wife. 

As always, constructive comments are welcome and please remember, this is a work of fiction... 

July 17, 2010: 

Chloe Weber was enjoying a cup of coffee in her mother's kitchen. She had just fed her nine-month-old son, Mike, and the two women were talking about life and love in general. Her husband, Chris, was on an assignment for the paper but would be back later that day. 

"Have you read Chris' book," Chloe's mother, Kay, asked. 

"Yes, I have. He let me read it before he sent it off to the publisher," Chloe said. 

"That was so sweet of him to dedicate it to all of us. It meant a lot to your Dad. Your husband has quite the imagination. Feeding criminals to flesh-eating fish? The death penalty for adultery? Where did get all that?" Kay asked. 

"I don't know," Chloe said. "He's always had quite an imagination." 

"Well, I'm sure having a muse like you to inspire him helps," Kay said. "So, how are things going with you two lovebirds?" 

"Generally, good, but things have changed a lot since Mike came along," Chloe said. Her mother looked at her concerned, nodding her head. 

"Yeah, having a child does that, you know?" Kay asked. Chloe looked at her mother. 

"Did that happen with you and Dad?" Chloe asked. Kay nodded. 

"Oh, yes," she said. "But we got through it. Thank God for Chris' parents, though. We sometimes would take a weekend just to get away for a bit and they would watch you so we could go and take a break. But how are things between the two of you?" 

"They're good. Chris is a wonderful father. He plays with Mike all the time and he's really great about helping change diapers and all. It's just, I don't know, different now," Chloe said. 

"What do you mean?" Kay asked. 

"Well, we used to, you know, play around -- a lot. But with our jobs and Chris' writing and now with Mike, it seems we just don't have time to do much anymore," Chloe said. 

"Well, maybe the two of you need to get away for a bit. Maybe take a weekend and reconnect," Kay said. 

"We couldn't leave Mike, though," Chloe said. Kay shook her head. 

"Nonsense," she said. "You're not breastfeeding anymore and Mike is taking to eating food well enough, so let us take him for a weekend." 

"I couldn't do that to you and Dad, though," Chloe said. 

"Are you kidding? Your dad and I would love to have Mike for a weekend," Kay said. "You guys can go out to the lake house, take it easy, go skinny-dipping like y'all used to do, have some hot wild sex on the beach, just have fun. You need it, and you know it. Besides, what are grandparents for?" 

"Are you sure?" Chloe asked. "I don't want to be a burden." 

"It'll be fun. Trust me. Talk to Chris, take next weekend off and go. Have a good time," she said. Chloe gave her mother a hug. 

"Thanks," she said. "I'll talk to Chris tonight." 

That night after Mike was laid down to sleep, Chloe reached out to her husband. 

"We need to talk," she said. Chris looked at his wife and dreaded what was to come. He read all those stories and knew what those four words often meant. Had she found someone else? Was she having an affair? Did she want a separation? He had been gone a lot thanks to his job and things had been a bit strained the last couple months. 

"Okay," he said weakly. Chloe poured them a glass of wine. Oh no, he thought. This can't be good. She sat down and took his hand. 

"Things have been pretty rough lately," she said. "It's not your fault. I know your job keeps you on the go, and mine does too. And with Mike around, we haven't been able to do very much." He knew she was right. Their sex life had taken a serious hit since Mike was born. What had been a daily thing had fallen off to maybe two or three times a week, if that. It was almost as if their son had built-in radar or something. They never complained, but they were a bit frustrated. 

"So what are you suggesting?" he asked, dreading her answer. 

"I talked with my mom today, and she suggested we take a weekend and head up to the lake house," she said. Chris was relieved. 

"I think she's right," he said. "But what about Mike?" 

"No problem. Mom said she and Dad would love to watch him for the weekend. I think we really need this, honey. I know I do," she said. Chris thought a minute and ran over his schedule in his mind. 

"Okay," he said. "Let's do it next weekend. I'll tell my editor I need to take off a bit early and we'll head up Friday night." Chloe smiled and threw her arms around her husband. 

"I can't wait," she said. "Thanks so much. I think we really need this." 

The week went by fast and on the next Friday, Chris and Chloe dropped Mike off at her parents' house before making the two-hour drive to the lake house. 

"It feels so strange not having Mike with us," Chloe said as she got back in the car. 

"It does," Chris said. "I almost feel a bit guilty. Almost," he added, running his hand up Chloe's well-toned dancer's legs. She smiled. He loved looking at her legs and she loved showing them off. On this trip, she was wearing a pair of shorts and a short t-shirt which highlighted her breasts. 

They made it to the house just after sunset, having stopped to eat on the way. Chris carried their things inside as Chloe made her way inside. The house was built by their parents and featured two large master suites with their own dressing areas and bathrooms. It also featured two smaller bedrooms, each with their own bathrooms and a large deck out back. 

The two families often used the house as a summer getaway and the they often took their summer vacations there. They also used it as a private conference area where they could meet with clients in a more relaxed atmosphere. The house, and especially the large lagoon out back, held many good memories for Chris and Chloe. 

That night, they made love in the front room before retiring to one of the large master suites. 

The next morning, an hour after after breakfast, they donned their swimsuits and headed to the private lagoon, which included a beach and a dock. 

"Aren't you a bit overdressed?" Chris asked his wife, who had donned a two-piece micro bikini. She smiled as she stripped out of her suit, giving Chris an eyeful. "That's more like it," he said, dropping his trunks and tossing them on the blanket Chloe had laid out for them. 

The two lovers headed into the water, naked. He loved looking at her this way and admired the way she had kept herself in shape even after giving birth. Thanks to her use of various creams, oils and exercise routines, her body showed no stretch marks and her shapely ass looked just as firm as ever. Her breasts had grown a bit, but he certainly wasn't complaining. She had decided to breast feed their baby, and did so for seven months until he was able to handle regular food. 

She turned to face him and Chris gasped as he took in the sight of his completely naked wife in the water. 

"What's the matter," she asked. "Cat's got your tongue?" 

"God, baby, you are so beautiful," he said, taking her in his arms. 

"This feels so good," she said. "Do you know how long it's been since we could play like this outside?" Before Mike was born, they spent a lot of time naked in their own backyard. 

"Eleven months, fifteen days, two hours and 17 minutes," he said. Chloe laughed. 

"Keeping track are we?" she asked. 

"This reminds me of the first time we went skinny-dipping up here," he said. "You remember that?" She smiled as she nodded. 

"Yeah. That was what, 17 years ago?" she asked. 

"I think so," he said. "And you're more beautiful now than you were then." 

"Flattery will get you everywhere, Mr. Weber," she said. "And for the record, you're even more of a hunk now than you were then." They kissed deeply, their bodies pressed hard against each other. She felt his hard cock pressing against her and took it in her hands. 

"We'll have to do something about this," she said with a seductive smile. "Fortunately for you, Nurse Chloe has just the cure." She got on her knees, the water even with her shoulders and took him in her mouth. He gasped as her warm mouth enveloped his manhood. She took his member deep in her throat and worked him with her tongue until he felt an orgasm coming. 

"I'm getting ready to cum, baby," he said. She worked him harder until he exploded in her mouth, swallowing his entire load. She stood up in front of him and kissed him as he fingered her wet, shaved pussy. 

"You know how much I love sucking my brother's cock," she said. 

"My turn," he said, kneeling before his wife. He licked and sucked on her lower lips, his tongue finding her clit. She moaned and bucked hard against him as he worked his tongue over her pussy. Within minutes, her orgasm hit, causing her to tremble. 

"Oh, God, baby, I needed that," she said. They broke and began swimming in the warm water, splashing and playing the way they used to do as children. They finally came out of the water and grabbed their towels to dry themselves off. 

Chris grabbed the sunscreen and applied it to Chloe as she lay naked on the beach towel. 

"Wouldn't want this to get burned," he said, slipping a finger inside her pussy. She smiled and grabbed the sunscreen, applying it to him the same way. 

"Certainly don't want this getting burned, either," she said, rubbing the lotion on his cock and balls. They grabbed a sandwich out of the picnic basket Chloe brought out and pulled a Coke out of the ice chest. Chloe sat in Chris's lap, her knees straddling his legs. He loved this view. She looked at him and then at the house, reflecting on their youth here. 

"Penny for your thoughts," he said. 

"I was just thinking back," she said. "I remember the very first time we went skinny-dipping here. I can't believe my Mom actually suggested it. I'm glad she did, though." 

"I can't believe my parents went along with it," he said. "But I'm glad, too." 

"You have no idea how many times I masturbated at night thinking about you," she said. "I used to close my eyes and fantasize about you making sweet love to me. I wanted nothing more than to climb in your bed at night and fuck your brains out. I almost did a time or two." 

"Do you regret waiting until we were 18?" he asked. She shook her head. 

"No, I don't. But it wasn't easy," she said. "What about you? Did you ever jack off thinking about me?" He smiled. 

"More times than you know," he said. "I actually saw you right over there on those rocks once," he added, pointing to a small group of rocks that led into the water. "You were so hot and sexy I couldn't help myself." 

"You're kidding," she said. "You saw me?" He nodded. 

"What made you do that, anyway?" he asked. 

"Well, I had just gotten out of the water and I was watching you," she said. "Then I looked over and saw Mom and Dad. They couldn't see me, but I could see them clearly. You know they always had an exhibitionist streak. Maybe that's where I got it from. Anyway, I saw Mom going down on Dad. As I watched, I could tell that he really loved it. And she enjoyed it as well. I started rubbing myself and was thinking about what it would be like to do that to you. I wondered if I could make you as happy as Mom made Dad that day." 

"You watched your parents?" he asked. 

"Yeah," she said, giggling. 

"You know, I think that's about the first time I saw you as a real woman," he said. She kissed him, then worked her way down his stomach and came back up. He could see the lust in her eyes as she looked him in the face. 

"Make love to me," she said, taking his cock in her hands. "Right here on the beach. Take me and make me yours." Chris kissed her back and rubbed her body as he kissed and sucked her nipples. She got up on her knees and positioned herself over his cock, which had grown hard, and guided him into her. 

He gasped as his manhood entered her warm, wet velvety depths. She settled down on him, then began moving up and down slowly. 

"Do you like that, baby?" she asked. He nodded. "I love the way your cock feels inside me," she said. "I always have. I love doing this with you out here. I've always loved being naked with you." 

She climbed off and laid down on the blanket, her legs spread wide. 

"Come here and fuck me, my husband," she hissed. Chris obeyed, taking in his wife's beautiful body. She moaned as he slid inside her and began fucking her. 

"That's it," she said. "Fuck me. Do it." He pumped harder in her, as she wrapped her legs around him. 

"I'm getting ready to cum," he said. She wrapped her arms around his neck. 

"Do it, baby, cum inside me, right here," she said. He couldn't hold back and filled her with his seed. After their orgasms subsided, they lay in each others arms. 

They spent the rest of the day outside, playing in the water like they did when they were younger, taking a break only for dinner and more time on the beach. 

That night, they went to one of the two main clubs in the resort community a few miles down the road. The club they chose was known for its romantic atmosphere and laissez-faire attitude towards couples who sought intimacy in a somewhat public setting. There was a dance floor and the band played slow, romantic songs. 

Chloe wore a short black dress that showed off her well-toned legs and the back was open, making it obvious that she wore no bra underneath. Chris donned a pair of khakis and a nice polo shirt she had picked out for the occasion. 

The hostess led them to a large booth in the back and smiled as they took their places. After enjoying a nice steak and lobster, they went to the dance floor and held each other close as they danced for several songs. That's when Chris realized his wife wasn't wearing panties. She looked at him with a smile on her face and pulled him back to their booth. 

He sat down, and she instantly jumped in his lap and kissed him hard. 

"How long have you been without your panties?" he asked. 

"All night," she whispered in his ear. "And I'm hot for you." She opened his trousers and took out his cock, which was getting harder by the minute. She took one of his hands and placed it between her legs. 

"Feel how wet I am for you," she said. His fingers slid inside her easily, causing her to moan. He could smell her arousal, which made him even more excited. She raised herself up and placed the head of his cock at the entrance to her pussy. She slowly lowered herself on him, as her skirt flared out, covering them. 

"Oh, God, baby, this feels so damn good," she said. "I love the way your cock feels inside me. Keep fucking me, baby, don't ever stop." She looked him in the eyes as she moved on top of him. Chris felt like he had died and gone to heaven. 

Soon, he felt another orgasm coming. 

"I'm getting ready to cum," he whispered. She kissed him deeply, then put her mouth next to his ear. 

"Do it, baby," she said. "Cum inside sister's pussy, right here, right now." He complied, filling her with another load of his semen. She joined him as her orgasm hit. 

They sat, joined, for several minutes until his cock slowly fell out of her. She looked him in the eye. 

"I love you so much," she said. 

"I love you more," he replied. 

"Nuh uh," she said, giggling. "I love you more." 

"Do not," he said, playing the game the way they had since they were children. "I love you more." 

She kissed him one more time and looked him in the face. 

"Am I still your Snugglebunny?" she asked. He looked her in the eye. 

"Always," he said. "You'll always be my Snugglebunny." 

They drove back to the lake house and spent the rest of the night in bed, alternating between sex and pillow talk until well into the morning. They finally fell asleep and woke up about 10:00 Sunday morning. 

After breakfast and coffee, they took one more swim in the lake before packing. 

"We need to do this more often," Chloe said. Chris nodded his head. 

"I agree," he said. "I really needed this." 

They picked Mike up from Chloe's parent's house late that afternoon. Kay looked at her daughter, a knowing smile on her face. 

"You look like the cat that ate the canary," she said. Chloe smiled as her face turned red. "What did I tell you? There's nothing like some hot wild monkey sex on the beach to get you back on track. Ain't that right, Dad?" Chloe's father smiled, but his face turned red. 

"Thanks for looking after Mike for us," Chris said. "I hope it wasn't too much of a bother." 

"Oh no, don't be silly," Kay said. "He was a little angel. And listen, anytime you two need to take some time off, give us a yell, okay?" 

After they got home and put Mike to bed, they unpacked and sat in the living room, exhausted. 

"Let's not wait so long next time, okay?" Chloe asked. Chris put his arm around his wife and kissed her. 

"You got it, baby," he said.