 This is the seventh chapter in the saga of Chris and Chloe Weber. While the story can be read separately, I suggest you read the earlier chapters to understand the full context of what is happening here. For those not familiar with the earlier stories, the two main characters often refer to each other as "brother" and "sister," but there is no incest as the two are not related. 

This series is a radical departure from most of my offerings and contains no cheating, scheming, plotting or revenge. No one is beaten, shot, blown up, nuked, consumed by flesh-eating fish or sent to an alternate universe. I hope you enjoy this little tale. If so, great. If not, that's fine too. 

As always, constructive comments are welcome and please remember, this is a work of fiction... 

September 23, 2092: 

Chris Weber was sitting in his home office, going through the files on his computer. He liked to do this from time to time to make sure everything was properly organized and in its rightful place. His wife, Chloe, was in the front room, helping one of their great-granddaughters with her knitting. He knew they would be at it for a while so he had plenty of time to do what he needed. 

Marilyn, their youngest child, was at the house making sure the home health care people did what they were supposed to do. Even at 71, she wasn't someone to be trifled with. An improperly-handled syringe or a pill bottle out of place would spark her wrath and heaven help the poor soul who stepped out of line. 

Of course, Chris knew that was due to her many years as a head nurse. Marilyn followed in her mother's footsteps and went to college for nursing, and eventually worked at the same hospital as Chloe. She retired not too long ago to take care of her aging parents, who had just this month celebrated their 109th birthday and their 90th wedding anniversary. She popped her head in the door and spoke to her father. 

"Everything alright, Dad?" she asked. 

"I'm fine, sweetie, thanks," he told her. 

"You need some more tea," she said, grabbing his nearly-empty cup. "Let me go refill that for you." 

"Thanks, dear," he said as she walked out. A few minutes later, she returned with a fresh cup of hot tea, flavored just the way he liked it. 

"Here you go, Dad," she said, giving him a kiss on the cheek. 

"You're too good to your old man," he said, smiling. 

"Don't you forget it," she said, laughing. "I'm off to tend to George," she added, referring to her husband. "He's probably still down at the pond trying to figure out that newfangled reel you got him." 

"Give him our love," Chris said as she left. Watching her leave, he couldn't help but be reminded of how much like her mother she was, so full of life and love. George was truly a lucky man. His gaze fell on the last picture they had taken of all their children together, back in 2036. 

Mike, their oldest and a Captain in the U.S. Army at the time, was on leave following a tour to Africa. That month was hard on the whole family, as they had learned that Mike's wife was cheating on him. Brian, their second child, had just graduated from West Point and was on his way to Fort Huachuca, Arizona. Marilyn was not quite 15 yet and was the spitting image of her mother. 

Brian was now recovering from a bypass surgery, but was expected to do well. Fingering the decades-old DVD he had in his scrapbook, Chris' mind wandered to the day Chloe swears he was conceived... 

... 

August 30, 2013: 

Chris and Chloe had everything packed for their weekend to Florida. Their 30th birthday was this coming Sunday and both of them had taken a vacation day so they could fly to Florida. Chloe had made arrangements for them to stay at a very nice hotel on Miami Beach and, Chris learned later, had arranged for them to have a special room reserved for their birthday celebration. 

And, to make things a bit more interesting, she had invited their good friend, Amy, to come along. Chris didn't mind, as he thought the world of Amy. 

Chris' parents had agreed to watch Mike for the weekend and with Chloe's parents, had planned to take the youngster to visit the zoo in St. Louis. 

Their flight landed in Miami about noon on Friday and before the day was over, the two had checked into the hotel and spent some time on the beach. They had a nice romantic dinner followed by dancing and enjoyed hours of lovemaking in their room.  

The next morning, after breakfast, they went back to the beach, with Chloe showing off a new micro-bikini she had purchased for the trip. Chris took a number of pictures of her modeling the suit, which didn't cover very much and, he thought, made her look even more gorgeous than ever. In his mind, she easily put the college girls to shame. 

They were locked in a tight embrace on the beach when they heard a familiar voice behind them. 

"All right, you two, it's time for lunch," Amy said as she walked up to them. 

"We thought we'd just eat each other here on the beach," Chris said with a smile on his face. 

"You'd probably get arrested for that down here," Amy said, laughing. "C'mon, let's go grab a bite to eat." 

After getting lunch at the hotel, Amy pulled Chloe to her feet. 

"Come on, girlfriend, we have shopping to do for tonight," she said with a wicked smile. She looked at Chris. "Don't worry, lover, I'll take good care of her and have her back in plenty of time for the party." She looked back at Chloe. "Now, let's go and spend some of your husband's royalty money." Chloe laughed. 

"Okay," she said, standing up. She kissed her husband deeply. "You going to be okay by yourself for a few hours?" she asked. 

"Sure," Chris said. "I'll just go work on my latest book and ogle the pictures I just took of you." 

"Well, make sure that's ALL you ogle," she said, teasing him with a smile. He watched the two girls head out, giggling as they walked. He could only imagine what they had in store for the evening. He knew they would be gone for a while, so he grabbed his laptop and sunscreen and headed to the beach. 

He spent several hours on the beach, working on his latest novel, periodically switching over to the library of pictures and video he carried of his wife. He felt like the luckiest man alive to be married to someone as beautiful and loving as Chloe. 

He received a text on his phone about 5:30, telling him they had returned and were in their room. He didn't realize how late it was and rushed back to the room. 

When he got there, the girls were putting everything away, but wouldn't let Chris see what they had purchased. He could tell both of them also had their hair and nails done. 

"You'll see it tonight," was all the answer he got from the two of them. After they had put their new clothes away, they drug Chris to the restaurant for dinner. After dinner, they headed back to their rooms to get ready for the evening. 

"We'd better get going," Chloe said. "The limo will be here in about an hour or so." 

"Limo?" Chris asked. "What have the two of you planned?" Chloe smiled. 

"It's a surprise," she said. "But I will tell you this. I've reserved a special VIP room for us till about 2 am." 

"A VIP room?" Chris asked. 

"Yeah, you know, at a local nightclub," she said. "It's one of those rooms where pretty much anything goes if you know what I mean. And it's all ours for the night. Now, I have to go get ready. And you'd better get dressed as well." 

Chris shaved and donned a polo shirt and a nice pair of trousers. His eyes popped out of his head when his wife emerged from the bathroom. Her dress, if it could actually be called that, showed off all of her features. 

It was short and backless, falling just a few inches below her crotch, and had a plunging neckline that threatened to completely reveal her breasts. He could see her nipples poking through the material. She topped the outfit off with a pair of sandals with straps that wrapped around her ankles. He felt a familiar stirring in his groin. 

"Wow, baby, you look delicious," he said. "I'm about ready to eat you right here." Chloe smiled and waved him off. 

"You will, dear, I promise. But later, okay?" she said. 

"I guess I'd better bring my camera," Chris said. Chloe shook her head. 

"No need," she said. "I've already got that covered. Tonight is just for us." Chris' eyebrows went up. What did she have planned? 

They left their room and met Amy at the elevator. She looked just as stunning in her outfit. Chris felt like a lucky man as they left the elevator on the ground floor, a beautiful woman on each arm. They walked to the curb where they were met by a chauffeur in a white uniform. 

"Weber, party of three?" he asked with a smile. 

"That's us," Chloe said. He ushered them to the longest white limousine Chris had ever seen. The chauffeur opened the door and motioned for them to enter. Amy went in first, followed by Chloe and then Chris. 

As he entered the huge car, he saw four young girls, each dressed similar to Chloe and Amy. They looked to be in their early twenties and greeted them with a hug and a kiss on the cheek. Chris also noticed a man with a professional camera siting in the corner. 

Chris, Chloe and Amy accepted a flute of champagne as the driver left the curb and the girls offered a toast to the special couple. 

"Happy birthday," one of them said. "And happy anniversary," another added. They began talking on the way to the club. 

"Who are you girls?" Chris asked. 

"We're your hostesses for the evening," one of the girls said. "We're here to make sure you two have a memorable experience. So, how long have you two been married now?" 

"Eleven years, come Sunday," Chloe said. 

"Congratulations!" they all said. "How long have you two known each other?" one girl asked. 

"All our lives, actually," Chris said. "We were practically raised together." 

"They even call each other 'brother' and 'sister' sometimes," Amy chimed in. That set the girls giggling. 

"How long have you guys been in love?" another girl asked. 

"I think since we were about eight or nine years old," Chloe said. "I've always loved Chris, but I knew for sure by the time I was nine." 

"Oh, wow," another girl said. "That's so romantic." 

The talked the whole way to the club and got to know each other a bit before the chauffeur pulled up in front of a club with a long line. 

The chauffeur opened the door for them and the cameraman got out first to record everyone's exit from the limo. Chris ushered the girls out first, then Amy and finally his beautiful wife. Then he got out and with Amy and Chloe on his arms, followed the girls inside. 

The club was full of mostly young people, drinking and dancing, with some getting pretty frisky with each other. He smiled, recalling past dates with Chloe. The girls headed up a flight of stairs, so Chris followed them with Chloe and Amy. He couldn't help but notice the girls did nothing to hide their skimpy thongs as they walked, giving others a good glimpse of their bare legs and buttocks as they walked. 

They entered a room on the second floor that had windows overlooking the large dance floor below. The cameraman who accompanied them told him the windows were actually two-way mirrors -- they could look out, but no one could see inside. 

The room was fairly large with three tables at one end and a set of couches and settees at the other. The middle of the room was open for dancing and there was a small wet bar along one side of the room. Hanging from the ceiling were banners that read, "Happy Birthday, Chris and Chloe" and, "Happy Anniversary." 

A large chocolate cake with birthday candles was on one of the tables. The cake was decorated with lettering that read, "Happy Birthday, Chris and Chloe" on the top and "Happy Anniversary" on the side. The top of the cake was adorned with a small decoration of a man and woman dancing, the type of decoration that might be seen on a wedding cake. 

The girls brought Chris and Chloe to the cake and gathered around them, putting Amy in the front. 

"All together now," one of the girls said, before all of them sang the "Happy Birthday" song to the happy couple. The bartender brought them each a glass of wine as one of the girls cut everyone a piece of cake. 

After enjoying a piece of cake, the girls pulled Chris, Chloe and Amy to the middle of the room and motioned to the bartender, who began playing dance music on a stereo built into the wall. 

Chris danced with both Chloe and Amy, and also danced a song with each of the hostesses. The girls also danced with each other, giving everyone a good look at their legs. The bartender stayed at his post, enjoying the view while handing out drinks and the cameraman worked through all of them, getting shots of everyone. 

The hostesses would frequently tease each other as they danced, kissing and licking each other's exposed breasts. They did the same to Amy, who thoroughly enjoyed the attention and gave as good as she got. Chloe let her breasts show as she danced with her husband, causing the girls to encourage her on. 

"Go for it, girl," one hostess said. Chloe responded by pulling the top of her dress wide open, revealing both of her bare breasts. "Yeah!" the other girl shouted as Chris kissed his wife's nipples. 

As the dancing continued, Chris couldn't help but feel the growing sexual tension in the atmosphere of the room. He noticed the hostesses took turns handling drinks as the rest paired off to dance with Amy and the other girls. 

He also noticed the girls openly fondling each other's breasts and often pulling up each other's skirts, running their fingers under their partners' tiny panties. Amy got into the action as one of the girls opened her dress and kissed her nipples, causing her to moan in delight. Chloe danced closed to her husband, grinding her crotch into his, causing his erection to grow. He responded by feeling her ass as she danced close to him. 

After a while, Chloe excused herself and went to the ladies room. Chris gathered the other girls around him and spoke to them as Chloe did her business. 

"How far can things go in here?" he asked, prompting giggles. 

"This is a VIP room," one of the hostesses said. "And you guys have it until 2 am. You do know what that means, right?" 

"Well, no, not really," Chris said. 

"This is a private party," another hostess said. "And it's your private party. So have as much fun as you want. You know your wife is one hot woman and she's really hot for you, don't you?" Chris smiled. 

"Yeah, and I'm hot for her, too," he said. The hostess smiled. 

"Then make the best of it and enjoy each other. We'll help set the mood if you want," she said with a smile. Chris understood what she meant. He had heard of this, and even watched videos online, but never experienced it for himself. He now understood what Chloe and Amy were up to. 

"Yeah, about that," Chris began. He called Amy to join them and spoke to them while Chloe was in the ladies room. By the time she returned, all of the girls, including Amy, were giggling with delight. 

She walked up to him and kissed him deeply, her tongue invading his mouth. He kissed her back. Running his hands around her ass, he noticed she wasn't wearing any panties. His eyes widened as he looked at her. 

"I'm about ready to fuck your brains out," she said. 

"Want to retire to the couches, my dear?" he asked. She smiled and nodded. Chris motioned to Amy and the other girls. "I think we're ready to get this party going," he told them. 

Two girls escorted Chris to a couch and set him down, facing the middle of the room. Amy and another hostess brought Chloe before him. 

"Happy birthday, Chris," Amy said as she unzipped and opened Chloe's dress. Letting the dress fall to the floor, Chloe stood before him naked except for her sandals. As he watched, Amy and the hostess with her ran their hands over Chloe's body, massaging her breasts while kissing her lightly. Amy looked at Chris. 

"Isn't she the most beautiful woman you've ever seen?" she asked. Chris nodded his head. 

"God, yes," he said. Amy and the other hostesses removed their clothes as Chloe approached her husband. 

"I think you're a bit overdressed," she said. 

She kissed him and pulled his shirt off before undoing his belt. She removed his shoes and socks, then pulled his pants and boxers off. Kneeling before him, she took his hard cock in her hands and put the whole thing in her mouth while maintaining eye contact with him. The other girls gasped and were soon embracing each other on the couch. 

Chris felt an orgasm coming and moaned as he erupted in her mouth. Chloe swallowed and licked her lips before climbing on his lap. 

"You know I love sucking my brother's cock," she said loud enough for the other girls to hear. She moved farther up his chest as he laid back on the couch. Soon, her breasts were close enough for him to suck. He took one nipple in his mouth and sucked on it, then the other. 

"What do you want now?" she asked, her eyes filled with lust. 

"I want to eat your pussy," he said. 

"You want to eat sister's pussy?" she asked. 

"Yes," Chris said. 

"Then say it," she said. "Tell me what you want." 

"I want to eat sister's pussy," he said. She smiled and looked at the other girls before climbing further up his chest, placing her shaved slit before his mouth. He could smell her arousal mixed with a hint of strawberry. He loved eating her pussy and eagerly ran his tongue along the length of her slit, sucking on her sensitive lips and clit. Soon, her orgasm hit and her juices splashed against his mouth. 

She climbed off his lap and laid down on the couch, two naked girls on each side of her. Chris stood, his erection leading the way and looked at his wife as she spread her legs. The girls next to her kissed her as they ran their hands over her, rubbing her breasts. 

Chris turned to Amy and nodded. She smiled, kissed Chris on the cheek, then looked at Chloe as she knelt between her legs. Chloe realized what was about to happen and her eyes grew wide as she looked at her husband. Smiling, she remembered telling him about her fantasy at Mardi Gras in 2008. 

Amy lovingly licking Chloe's pussy as the other girls watched and rubbed Chloe's breasts. Chris could see two of the girls rubbing their own pussies as they watched Amy suck and lick Chloe's clit. Chris' cock grew hard watching Amy give his wife her first lesbian orgasm. 

"Oh, God," Chloe moaned. "Yes, yes, that feels so good." 

After Chloe's orgasm subsided, Amy went to her and kissed her full on the lips. Breaking the kiss, Amy looked into Chloe's eyes as she spoke. 

"You know how long I've wanted to do that with you?" she asked. "No wonder Chris loves eating you out. You're so yummy." Chloe smiled at her friend. 

"That was so amazing," she said. "I loved it." 

"Would you like me to put your husband's cock inside your pussy now, sweetie? It's so hard and hot for you," she said. Chloe nodded her head. 

"Yes, please, baby," she said. "I need my husband's cock inside me, now!" Amy smiled and went back to Chris. By now, he had one of her feet in his hands and was removing her sandal. Taking the shoe off, he massaged her foot, sucking each of her toes. He did the same to the other foot. 

Amy took his cock in her hands and placed it at Chloe's open pussy. He let her guide him inside his wife, gasping with delight as he entered her. Amy bent down, licking the point where their bodies merged. Chris could feel her tongue on his cock as he went deeper inside his wife. Chloe moaned in ecstasy as the four other girls took turns sucking her nipples. 

"Fuck me, my husband," Chloe moaned. "Show these girls how a real man fucks his wife." Chris needed no further encouragement as he plowed into her pussy. Amy walked to the cameraman and said something to him. He followed her back and positioned himself to get a clear shot of Chris's cock inside Chloe. 
