 (Part 2 in my So You Want... series)

This story follows So You Want to Watch?

Two weeks have passed since I was here house-sitting for my friend Linda. I have often thought back to that erotic week of being watched as I acted out an unbelievable fantasy. My body still trembles as I recall the untamed, pure passion that awoke in me that week. I can not say my life changed, I still yearn for the touch of a man, but I now realize there are other ways to satisfy my sexual desires.

Sitting in Linda's driveway, I wonder why I can not make myself get out of the car. How can I possibly go into that house again? Nothing has changed, everything has changed. The last time I was here, I totally exposed myself, leaving nothing to my "watcher's" imagination. Did he think about me? What did he think about me? 

"I did it, and that's that," I blurted out.

I must admit, I have thought about him. My mind imagined his hands touching me, his lips kissing me, and his body quenching my desires. Linda is right, I do need to get out and socialize more. Just because I have had some really bad experiences in the past, should not put a damper on my life now. I can not continue to live in my own little fantasy world where I am safe because no one can get too close.

"Well, here goes nothing."

I stepped out of the car and walked up to Linda's door. The door opened and I fainted.

It was probably a half hour later when I finally awoke on Linda's couch with a cool, damp rag on my forehead. Standing over me was my "watcher"; I could feel the heat rising into my cheeks. My breathing started to increase in speed. I started to sit up and suddenly felt very dizzy. 

"Take it easy, Darling; you gave me quite a scare a while ago."

His voice was deep and extremely sexy with a slight Southern drawl. He was an incredibly sexy specimen of a man. I would say he was about 6' tall and 180 pounds with dark hair, dark sultry eyes and a rock hard body. His face was gentle, his smile teasing, and he had a moustache. Oh I could imagine the feel of that moustache on parts of my body.

"I must be dreaming?" I whispered as I melted back into the couch.

"No Darling, you are not dreaming", "I have been the one dreaming. The sight of you in front of the window on your knees in front of me has been etched into my memory." Then in a whisper he stated, "I knew from that moment, I would not be satisfied until I had touched you... until I had tasted you." 

I slowly shook my head to try to gain some sense of understanding.

"What are you doing here? I mean here in Linda's house. Touching and tasting?"

"Waiting for you," he said in a manner suggesting I should know this.

"I don't understand. Waiting for me?" 

He laughed, "Linda did not tell you, did she?"

He continued to explain, "Long story short, I arranged a date, with you, through Linda. I wanted it to be a surprise, but not a total ambush." 

We both had a good laugh. I was going to have a talk with Linda about her tactics for setting me up on a blind date the next time we talked. We talked for a few minutes as he poured a glass of wine for each of us and he shared some of his ideas for the evening. My "watcher" now had a name; it was Rick, a strong, powerful name. The name seemed to fit. He explained that he would cook dinner for me while I soaked in a hot tub that he was preparing for me, and afterward we could sit outside by the river and get to know each other a little better. If I was dreaming, I surely did not want to wake just yet.

Rick led me into the bathroom where he had my bath ready. I could see a hint of bath oil floating in the water. The smells were incredible, floating in the air and filling my nostrils. The candles smelled like chocolate and the oil in the water had just a hint of strawberry. The door closed as he left me alone in the room. I closed my eyes and inhaled deeply. I was starting to feel hungry, but it was not food that I hungered for. My body ached for the man that was now, way too close, even though he was at a safe distance for now. As I pulled my hair up and undressed my mind replayed the scene in front of the window that was now etched into his mind...

Getting down on my knees in front of the window, I reached into my bag on the floor and pulled out a dildo with a suction cup on the bottom. The dildo looks exactly like a cock, balls and all! I slammed it onto the tile floor about a foot from the window. 

"Fuck me! I want your big, hard cock inside me now!" 

Moving myself directly over the rubber rod, I pressed my tits against the window and lowered myself down. I had to move slow at first, taking the dildo's two inch width inside my tight cunt. I slowly slid down all ten inches of length, taking the entire massive dildo inside me. As I moved up and down the rod my body started to spasm with the most powerful orgasm I had ever experienced. My entire body went stiff, my mouth flew open. I could not move a muscle while I was impaled fully on this rubber rod stuck to the floor. Tits against the window, my mouth wide open, and my eyes fixed outside into the darkness. 

I eased into the bath and without thinking started massaging my breast. The smell of strawberry drifted all around me. My hand wandered down between my legs. My fingers playing with my clit, I wondered how it would feel if it were his fingers. Would he be gentle or rough? Would he be fast or slow? My fingers started moving faster and harder. My pussy was slick from the oil and my fingers glided rhythmically in and out of my slit. One finger slid into my wet canal, quickly followed by another. I needed a release. My climax was building as I continued to glide my fingers in and out, faster and faster, harder and harder. I started rubbing my clit with the other hand. My teeth clenched as my body went rigid. Suddenly my body started shaking as my orgasm was exploding and my fingers were being soaked by my cum. I needed that release; I could now finish my bath and towel off.

Hanging from the door was a simple black dress with spaghetti straps. I slipped the dress over my shoulders. I was very pleased with the way the dress hugged my curves and my breast were displayed with a good amount of cleavage. It took a long time for me to accept my larger tits, but after I embraced them, I started to really embrace them allot. I often find myself playing with them without even being aware that I am doing it. 

As I walked into the kitchen, the aroma made my mouth water. The smell of steak and sautéed mushrooms filled the air. I walked to the bar to pour myself another glass of wine. He stopped cooking long enough to sneak up behind me. His hands rested comfortably on my hips. He leaned over to whisper in my ear, his breath hot against my neck.

"Damn, Darling, I may not be able to concentrate on dinner, we may have to go straight to dessert." 

He then placed my ear lobe between his teeth and flicked it with his tongue. My body became putty in his hands. I shamelessly leaned back into his body and leaned my head back against his chest. I could feel his arousal pressing into my back as his hips moved against my ass. He was kissing ever so lightly against my neck as I let out a small moan of pleasure. 

Suddenly my back went cold, a swift draft of air flowed up my backside. In an instant he was back at the stove just in time to prevent the mushrooms from burning.

"You are more dangerous than I thought," he said in a playful tease. 

The table was set and candles were lit. He served my food and we enjoyed a wonderful dinner. The conversation was minimal, but not awkward. With every bite I watched his eyes, his deep and mysterious eyes. I could not recall having anyone look at me the way he was. I have to admit, I was a little nervous, but incredibly turned on at the same time. Dinner was over quickly and I was relieved to stand up to clear my mind and give my body a chance to cool down.

After dinner, Rick excused himself to go outside. He grabbed a picnic basket and announced that he would be back in a few minutes. I took this opportunity to go to the bathroom and apply some scented oil to my body. My breasts were full and my nipples were starting to become more erect. I rubbed the oil across my entire crotch area. The oil slid easily across my clean shaven pussy. I stopped just short of fingering myself, wanting to wait for Rick's touch. Sweet torture, I like to call it. 

Rick returned just as I was walking out of the bathroom. He led me outside, his hand on the small of my back. The warmth from his hand was penetrating through the thin material of my dress. The site by the river was perfect. Rick had spread a blanket on the ground with candles lit at all four corners. Beside the blanket were a bottle of champagne and a plate of chocolate covered strawberries and two glasses. The moon was full and the sky was clear. The reflection of the moon danced across the river, it was beautiful. We both sat down on the blanket and Rick poured the glasses of champagne. I took a sip, the bubbles played across my tongue. Reaching over to grab a strawberry, I leaned closer to Rick. His hand came up and cupped my cheek.

"Forgive me, I can not wait to get a sample of how that hot mouth of yours must taste." 

His fingers traced around the edges of my lips, my mouth suddenly felt very dry. I lightly licked my lips, Rick leaned closer. His lips lightly brushed against mine, his teeth nibbled against my lower lip. My lips parted as I let out a small sigh, my eyes closed and his tongue slowly entered my mouth. His kiss was slow and gentle at first, and then became increasingly intense. The growl from the back of his throat caused me to pull back.

Rick leaned over to my ear and in a low voice said, "Before this night is over, I will taste every inch of your body."

This man was on an unstoppable mission and I realized I did not have the strength or the want to try to stop him. I took another sip of champagne and raised a strawberry to my mouth. The flavor was divine, but nothing compared to the taste and feel of Rick's lips on mine. I looked over; Rick was looking up at the stars with his jaw tense. He was in deep thought, showing restraint. I did not want him to restrain. I placed my hand upon his and lifted it up to my breast.

"Rick, I want you to touch me. My body yearns for your touch."

Rick turned his body to face me. His hands came up and cupped both of my breast as his thumbs brushed lightly across my nipples through the thin fabric of my dress. My nipples instantly became erect. His thumbs were now tracing circles around my nipples. He leaned over and started lightly kissing my mounds that were now heaving atop the low cut neckline. I leaned my head back, which brought my tits higher. His tongue brushed across my skin in short gentle strokes and then slid between my cleavage. I let out a small moan and he reached inside my dress bringing both breast out into his bare hands. His mouth was again on my mouth kissing me with a fevered passion. His hands were kneading my bare tits and his fingers tugging at my peaked nipples. My mind was racing, my breathing heavy and my body relishing the pleasure of this mans touch. 

He slowly kissed his way down my neck and chest until his mouth came to one of my nipples. His tongue made small circles all around the outer circle of my areola before his mouth fully covered the entire nipple. He repeated the same motion on both breast with a fevered passion. I felt something cold; his fingers were dripping champagne onto my tits. The difference in temperature of the cold liquid and his hot mouth was intense. My pussy started to tingle as my passion reached a new level. I reached under my dress to rub myself, to try to ease the desire as he sucked madly at my stiff nipples. 

"We should go inside now," Rick growled.

He picked me up and quickly carried me inside to the kitchen. To my surprise, he sat me up on the bar. My dress was at mid thigh. Rick placed one hand on each knee and slowly spread my legs apart. My dress crept up to settle at he top of my legs allowing a glimpse of my bare pussy. His head lowered and he started kissing, ever so lightly, the insides of my legs stopping just short of my aching cunt. 

"You smell incredible. Do you know how often I have thought of this moment? I have imagined the taste of your juices on my tongue. I want to totally devour you."

Somehow I managed to blurt out, "Eat my pussy! I want to feel your tongue slide in. I want you to lick me so good that I will never forget the feeling."

Rick buried his face in my crotch with reckless abandonment. His tongue slid straight into my wet hole, before licking up and down my slit. His pace slowed as he concentrated on my clit, sucking the tiny nub in and out of his mouth, flicking it with his tongue. His moustache rubbing against my clit felt rough, yet very stimulating. His saliva mixed with my juices covered my entire pussy. Rick's tongue, now lapping long strokes to lick up every drop of juice he could. He slowly inserted one finger into my tight hole and pulled it out and placed it into his mouth to get a full taste of my innermost flavor. 

"Words can not explain how damn good you taste. I can not help but want more. Let's go into the bedroom and explore each others bodies and experience new tastes," said Rick as he carried me into the bedroom and laid me onto the bed. 

I rose to my knees as he stood at the end of the bed. I reached up and unbuttoned his white shirt and removed it over his strong shoulders. My hands stopped long enough for me to run my fingers through the thick patch of dark hair on his chest. I leaned forward and unsnapped his shorts and lowered them, so they fell to the ground. Rick was not wearing any underwear, so his semi erect penis was in plain view. Moving to sit on the edge of the bed, I reached out taking it into my hands. I slowly raised his shaft against his lower abdomen and leaned over to lick his balls. Inhaling deeply, his musky male scent was driving me wild. I slowly ran my tongue up the underside of his shaft until I reached the mushroom shaped head. Slowly I eased the head into my mouth and swirled my tongue around in full circles. My mouth watered as I eased his cock fully into my mouth. Rick placed his hands on the back of my hair, unclipped the clip holding it up, and guided my head back and forth. Slowly my head moved back and forth taking his now fully erect rod into my throat. Rick slowly slid out of my mouth, leaned over and kissed me.

"I think we both should enjoy each others taste at the same time," Rick said as he slowly removed my dress.

I moved back onto the bed and lay on my back. Rick started from a position above my head, from an upside down position he kissed my mouth, and then continued down my neck to my chest. He licked and sucked on each breast, and then my belly and abdomen. His erect penis had now appeared in front of my face again. Rick lowered his head and started licking my pussy again. I arched my hips up to meet his hungry laps. His tongue was licking with a powerful strength. Every inch of my slit was wet.

Reaching up, I grabbed his hips and thrust his throbbing cock into my mouth. Trying to match his pace, I rammed his cock in and out of my mouth. As my tempo got faster, he increased his speed. His tongue was so hot, I was so wet. His cock was so hard, and my saliva was dripping all around his cock and onto my face.

With one hand he started rubbing my clit. His tongue was fucking my hole, sliding in and out. My body started to tremble; I could not stop my body from writhing under his. I swallowed his cock fully into my throat, the muscles in my throat tight around his shaft. The movement of my throat contractions caused his penis to jerk, his body went rigid and his hot thick cum slid down the back of my throat. Without hesitation, I started sucking him off, more of his cum shooting into my mouth. My body, now in full orgasm, released a stream of juices all over Rick's tongue. He continued to lick every drop as my body slowly started to calm. 

Rick turned around and straddled my body, lowering his head to mine. He gently kissed my lips, and then parted them with his tongue. As our tongues met, our flavors mingled together. My tangy juice, his salty cum, melded together into one. The kiss ended and he rolled over to lie next to me, my head resting on his shoulder.

"Mmmmm, Absolutely delicious," we both whispered in unison before we drifted off to sleep.