 God it was so hot in Texas that summer—Austin, Texas in August to be more precise. It had been only a few months since my core group of friends and I had graduated from a grueling degree program and we were all set to embark into the big, bad world. I was feeling equal parts eager to get going and terrified to leave the comfort of what had grown to feel like home. These friends, this city, and one hot guy in particular—they were all going to be very hard to leave behind. 

The hot guy in question was Mark. I'd lusted after him for years, but never done much more than ogled across the classroom or brushed against him at a bar. He was clean cut, with a great body, and a slight edge to him. He always had a five-o'clock shadow and that turned me on more than I can describe. We were close friends for sure, but I wanted to be so much closer. As our graduation came and went, it seemed like opportunities to make my move were passing me by. While I didn't want to be too forward and jeopardize the friendship, the tension between us was so thick; there's no way he didn't want to fuck me. 

We were both in our twenties with hot bodies in a hot climate. I was usually wearing as little as possible in the notable summer heat - short shorts, tanks, flip flops. My body was tight and his was ripped. I was naturally petite with amazing tits; I always considered my stunning eyes and my 34Gs my super powers. If I used them just right, I could usually get my way. 

It was a late summer afternoon, turned evening, turned late night when a group of us found ourselves at a mutual friend's out-of-the-way condo with a hot tub. It was all impromptu so none of us had towels or swim suits for that matter. A day of drinking and harmless flirting inspired a few of us to head toward the water. No suit? No problem. I went in with my tiny white T-shirt and panties. Now imagine — it's a starry hill country night, lighted hot tub, bubbles flowing up and around my big tits in a cotton T-shirt clinging to every curve. My nipples were so hard from the effervescent water and being so close to Mark.

With a few more drinks in me, my inhibitions were completely gone. Knowing how hot my tits must have looked, I had a feeling Mark wouldn't be able to resist. I slid my way over to be next to him in the hot tub and started rubbing his leg under the water. He reciprocated — and then some. With his hands in between my legs, rubbing up and inside of me, my pussy was throbbing and wanting more. 

Suddenly the years of limiting ourselves to a just friendship burst wide open and we were all over each other. As I kissed his neck and he grabbed my tits in pure disbelief, Mark scooped me up out of the water and carried me into our friend's condo. We made our way to the guest room, leaving a trail of puddles and discarded wet clothes in our wake. What was left between us was nothing but hot, wet bodies. I needed him inside of me. I wanted to be pounded so badly, but he had other ideas.

Turns out his attention to detail I'd always admired in our classwork, served me very, very well as his mouth traveled south from my neck. He cupped my tits together in both hands, getting my nipples close enough to be able to lick and suck both at the same time. My body was thrusting and wet beneath him, so ready for his cock. He continued further south, licking and caressing my stomach as he settled in between my legs. The way his tongue danced around my clit, first pointed and hard, then flat and soft, sent me into a tailspin. His five o'clock shadow tickled my legs and created an even more intense sensation for me. As I moaned with pleasure, he continued with his tongue and began slowly fingering my freshly shaved pussy. First two, then three fingers slid so easily in because I was so, so wet. The combination of our slippery bodies, the weight of his muscled frame on top of me, his gentle fingers, and precision tongue-work caused me to explode all over his hand. My entire body shivered with delight for what seemed like ages as Mark moved back up my body, kissing away some of my wetness onto my stomach. 

As my body recovered from the intense orgasm, Mark laid down next to me and it was my turn to explore him. I hopped on top and straddled his waist, so he had full, easy access to my tits and even my pussy if he wanted to reach behind me. I bent over slightly toward him, kissing his neck, ear, and mouth—my tongue went wild. He was groaning and thrusting beneath me, I knew he couldn't wait much longer. I quickly moved down to sit on the bed between his spread legs and took his massive cock into my hands. It was so hard and thick; I couldn't even get the whole thing into my mouth. But I tried. I guided my tongue up and down, around, and over his shaft, while my right hand gently rubbed and cupped his balls. 

He groaned so loudly and sat up abruptly to take control. He picked me up and shifted me next to him on the bed, giving me the sexiest look with his dark eyes. I knew it was time and I was almost giddy with excitement. Mark pushed my shoulders down gently to help me lay back and straddled my tiny frame. His hands went immediately to my tits as he got positioned. He brought his legs back together to be in between mine, my legs now spread wide. His cock knew exactly where to go and wasted no time getting there. He guided his dick around my pussy lips and up onto my clit. The teasing was so sensuous but didn't last long as he needed to be inside of me. All at once, the entire length of his cock was deep in my pussy, thrusting in and out as I tilted my pelvis up as if begging for more. We collided into each other over and over again, my body throbbing with sex and pleasure. The hardness of his cock pounded me, while the weight and warmth of his body made me feel so wanted. 

With perfect timing and precision, we both came into, onto, and all over each other. I threw my head back in pure ecstasy as his cock filled me with cum and made my pussy that much wetter. We clutched tight to each other's bodies, both panting, as our mutual throbbing and shivering continued. As the high of the orgasm faded, we laid there intertwined, his cock still inside me. My strong legs wrapped around his ass, he nuzzled my neck and continued to thrust gently as I worked my pussy to internally squeeze his shaft. Eventually we unlaced our limbs and parts to fall into a wet, sexed, blissful sleep.