 Chapter 08 -- Claiming her prize

I was still having mixed emotions about my encounter with Lisa as my week rolled on. I was completely unsure how to feel. Of all the women and encounters the game had brought me, I had never felt this uncomfortable or stressed. I wanted to be upset with myself, but for some reason could not be. It was, after all, Leslie's game and it was her assignment for me for that evening. I needed some clarity on this after two nights of not sleeping well.

On Wednesday afternoon, as I was finishing up my day, the phone at my desk rang. I looked down and recognized the number coming from Emma and Leslie's office. I wondered what possibly awaited me on the other end of the line.

"Good afternoon," I answered the call, trying to fake an ounce of professionalism.

"I think it's time we talked," Leslie said from the other end of the line.

"Me too," I muttered.

"You sound down," she observed. "Please don't be. I will explain everything tonight. Come by the office after you leave work and we can talk."

"Okay," I answered.

I expected her to hang up right there, but she surprised me.

"Hey, try to relax and not think about anything until I see you," she instructed. "I will clear it all up for you, I promise."

She hung up at that point, but it wasn't the same. There was something soft and protective, almost apologetic in her voice. That had not happened at any point in this game so far. I started to relax at her suggestion and then tensed up as I counted the minutes until the work day was over.

I left work right on time and headed straight for Leslie and Emma's office. As I entered their office suite, Penny was seated at her desk and noticed me come in immediately. I made my way up to her desk and she stared up at me with a concerned look on her face.

"Are you ok," she asked.

"Yes, why do you ask," I pressed back.

"Leslie was a little weird the other night after she spoke to you," she informed me, "and she's been pacing around her office since she talked to you today."

"You were out with Leslie, Mindy and Brooke the other night," I inquired, completely switching my focus.

"Yes. Leslie thought it would be a great way for all of us to get more comfortable together," she revealed.

"All of us," I repeated, begging for a guest list.

"Yes, it was Leslie, Brooke, Mindy, myself, Vivian and Emma," she spelled out for me. "Plus, we called Nikki just to catch up, but that was before we drank too much."

"Sounds like a lovely ladies night," I surmised.

"It was," she confirmed. "A lot of things were cleared up and some tensions were worked out."

"That should make the game better then," I asserted.

"We're all hoping," she confirmed. "Now we just have to get you right. Leslie is waiting for you."

I nodded and proceed past her desk to the right and towards Leslie's office. Her door was open and she was seated at her desk. She was leaning forward in her chair with her elbows on her desk and her hands together. I knocked lightly to get her attention.

"Come in, shut the door and sit down," she said softly.

I did as she asked, closing the door behind me as I entered. I sat in on the chairs directly in front of her desk and looked at her. She stared back at me; there was softness in her eyes.

"Everything I am about to tell you is confidential," she announced. "And it is all very, very personal. But, there are things you should know as we continue this game."

"Ok, I understand," I confirmed for her. "Lay it on me."

"Lisa is 5 years older than me," she began. "I always looked up to her; as far back as I can remember. She was beautiful and talented. I wanted to be just like her. As she hit her teenage years, she very much tried to ignore me and do her own thing. She was in with the wrong crowds. I became an afterthought to someone I admired so much. It stung."

I sat there, taking all this in and watching Leslie's face. She was calm and very matter-of-fact so far.

"When I was 11 and Lisa was just about 16, Brooke was born," she continued. "My mother was a strong woman and her second husband adored her. Brooke's father is not the same as mine and Lisa's. Our dad died when I was 6 and Lisa was 10. My mother found love again, from a good man and along came Brooke."

Leslie was still unemotional as she spoke.

"Lisa went to college for a year before getting knocked up," she disclosed. "She was on the fast track in her mind and this baby derailed her. My mom pulled her out of school so fast, she didn't even have time to tell the father of the baby that she was pregnant. She came home and my relationship with Brooke was growing everyday. She turned jealous and then was very hurtful when our mother told her that she was going to adopt the baby and care for it."

Some things were starting to clear up, though others were getting more complicated.

"Mindy arrived and we tried to be one, big, happy family," Leslie pressed on. Brooke was only 4 at that point, but she was my baby. I loved her and took care of her as much as I could. I knew it was a help to my mother, who was now caring for Mindy while Lisa fell into the drug scene pretty heavy. When she caught her doing lines at home one night, mom threw Lisa out. It was an ugly scene and she said some terrible things to both my mother and I."

I noticed some emotion finally protrude from her face. I waited for balance of the story.

"I vowed never to be like that to Brooke or Mindy," she expressed. "I wanted to take care of them, not hurt them."

Tears welled up in her eyes now, but she was speaking clearly and concisely.

"I studied hard and worked harder at home," she explained. "My grades were top notch and I got a scholarship for my undergrad studies. I commuted to school and stayed at home a lot, keeping an eye on my girls. I adored them both so much. I got a free ride to law school as well and that is where I met Emma. She encouraged me to let loose a little, go out, meet boys and be young. I tried not to neglect home, but my mother agreed with Emma, that I should enjoy my youth somewhat, as I had already been so loyal to my family."

Tears now rolled down her face.

"My mother loved Emma's influence on me," she admitted. "I went a little wild, dressing more provocatively and dating a lot of different boys. Mindy and Brooke enjoyed critiquing the boys I brought home. I loved them so. We had fun with it together; I was not mature enough to shield them from it. Lisa hated my success and always claimed it should have been hers. I graduated 3rd in my class and my first job was a big firm doing divorce work. There were big bucks in and I bought my house. Emma and I lived there together while she was engaged to Jack. Lisa forbid her daughter to come to my home, but my mother overruled her and Lisa swore never to talk to her again. The resentment oozed from her. I tried to help her with the drug issue, but she would not take my help."

She paused and looked at me. The tears stopped and she was now stone-faced.

"I was on a double-date with Emma, Jack and Jack's brother Frank the night I got the call," she enlightened me. "My mother had passed at home, of a heart attack. I was angry, but I was angrier at the funeral when Lisa showed up, high, wearing a red dress to make a spectacle. I filed adoption papers the next day for Mindy, but my mother beat me to it by including Mindy's custody to me in her will. I became responsible for her and I took Brooke in as well."

She exhaled and continued.

"My greatest regret was that I was too selfish and was not at home to help mom more," she revealed. "I was out getting laid when she had a heart attack. I now had to care for these two kids. I caved in and tried to end it. Emma saved me, the first two times. I got my shit together and did well with Brooke and Mindy, except for the sex part. They both gravitated early to be free sexual spirits and that worried me exceptionally, plus I blamed myself for the behavior I exhibited in front of them. Brooke has made a lot of money in real estate sales, but her methods are questionable. She is a closer, I have heard. Mindy is young enough to get it right, which is why I won't let her into the game. After I found her and Brad having sex, I fell apart, disgusted with myself. That is the third time I tried to end it. Mindy saved me. My little angel. I am truly weak."

She was calm again. I continued to just listen to her tale.

"I was trying to mend fences with Lisa at dinner," she confessed. "But she and Mindy got into it and Brooke and Mindy ganged up on her. They both have so much anger towards her and so much loyalty to me, Lisa was pissed at me thinking I set her up. So, I gave her you, to keep her away from us on a night I wanted to be special for Mindy and to hopefully touch something inside of her when she saw the control I had on things. It was not my original intention to give you to her when I directed you to meet us after dinner. I saw an opening and took a chance."

"But it didn't work," I finished for her.

"Nope," she confirmed. "My sister is just a hard woman. She's angry, bitter, jealous and spiteful."

"It will all be okay," I comforted her.

"I know," she agreed. "That is why we have you. Thank you for doing that, I sensed you were uncomfortable. Lisa is not part of the game, so I am sorry."

"Don't worry," I said. "I am fine. "I appreciate you being honest with me."

"That is good to hear," she sighed. "I think I needed to tell you all of that, so we both would feel better. Now, I have your next assignment."

"I'm hoping you don't have a third sister you forgot to tell me about," I joked.

"Very funny, smart ass," she laughed. "No, actually it is Vivian. Her leg is feeling better and she wants to claim her prize from the volleyball game."

"I see," I postured. "What does she have in mind?"

"That doesn't matter," Leslie corrected me. "I have to keep it fair, so she will get the same time with you that Penny did and no more. It will be time spent at home, your home. She will be over on Friday night and leave on Saturday morning. If I remember right, you and Penny got started around 10pm, so expect her then. I will call to wake you and make sure she leaves on time."

"That seems strict," I stated.

"Fair is fair," she replied.

I stood up to leave and Leslie stood to walk me to the door of her office. I reached for the door handle and she stopped me by putting her hand on mine. I turned to look at her and she kissed me, softly on the lips. I was surprised but it was nice. She stepped back and I touched her cheek, wiping some of her tear stains away. 

Without a word I opened the door and exited her office. I smiled and nodded at Penny on my way by her desk. I reached the office suite door and headed out to my car. I was surprise at how structured Leslie setup this "prize" for Vivian, but I guess I saw her point. I was looking forward to Friday night.

I breezed through the next two days and was sitting at home on Friday night counting the minutes until Vivian arrived. I was sitting on the couch watching the ballgame on television when the doorbell rang. Wearing only a t-shirt and shorts, I answered the door quickly, not wanting to waste a moment of her time. I opened the door and saw Vivian standing there in tears and on crutches. I held the door so she could enter. 

We stood in the hall for a moment staring at each other, tears streaming down her cheeks. She was wearing a short sleeve ladies golf shirt and jeans. She had a sneaker on her good foot and her injured ankle was wrapped and taped. She threw down her crutches and threw herself into my arms. She buried her face in my chest crying heavily.

I held her and did not say anything. Several moments passed and she seemed to calm down and her crying had subsided, though she still had not pried her face away from my body to look at me. I moved her slightly away from me and then scooped her up into my arms and carried her into the living room. I set her down on the couch and elevated her bad ankle. I removed the sneaker from her other foot and looked up at her, smiling. She looked at me with tears in her eyes still.

"I'm sorry," she said softly.

"For what my dear," I asked.

"I was getting all dressed up to rock your world and my ankle buckled in my high heel," she cried.

"I so sorry to hear that," I admitted. "But it's your night, so we can make it whatever you want or need."

"I hate not being with you," she continued to cry. "I hate not being able to please you in every way. I hate myself for being a klutz."

"Vivian, what was the diagnosis at the emergency room on your ankle," I inquired.

"I have a sprained ankle and a stretched something ligament down there too," she revealed.

"You have to let it heal," I urged her.

"I know, it felt better and I wanted to see you," she confessed.

"Well, whatever you want tonight is yours," I informed her.

"Hold me," she groaned.

I sat down on the couch next to her and pulled her to me. I held her under my arm as we sat there. I still had the ballgame on and I reached for the remote to change it, but Vivian put her arm over mine to stop me. I didn't say anything and we just sat there and watched. She sighed a few times, but each time I looked down at her she was smiling.

I am not sure at what point I drifted off to sleep, but when I woke the ballgame was long over and the television was showing old sitcom reruns. I gently shook Vivian to wake her without startling her. She lifted her head in a haze and looked at me.

"Let's go to bed," I whispered.

She nodded her head in agreement and I stood up off the couch. I reached down and scooped her up into my arms again. I shut off the television and carried Vivian up the stairs to my bedroom. I laid her down on my bed and smiled at her. I fell on the bed next to her and pulled her close to me.

"Thank you," she whispered to me.

"For what," I asked.

"Acting like you love me," she announced. "I know you don't but it's nice to know you care enough to fake it for me."

"Vivian, this game is complicated," I explained.

"I know," she agreed. "I wasn't asking you to explain, I was just saying that I appreciate your efforts towards me and my soft heart. Now I want to show you how much I appreciate them."

She leaned over and kissed me softly on the lips and then lowered her head to my chest. I expected her to stop and settle in but much to my surprise she continued. I felt her raise my t shirt over my stomach and then she wrestled my shorts down past my knees. I breathed deeply in anticipation and then felt her hand on my cock. I exhaled.

She stroked my cock gently as it grew hard in her hand. As I grew stiff to her touch, she began licking up and down my shaft. Her warm tongue felt good on my swollen member. I began leaking precum from my dick and Vivian licked it up quickly, much to my delight. She then slapped my shaft against her tongue repeatedly as more precum escaped from my rod.

Finally the teasing stopped and she took my stick into her mouth. She engulfed my pole, going up and down on it. It felt amazing as my wand passed back and forth across her lips. Her skills were tremendous as she played my cock like an instrument. She began sucking me with a rapid pace. My dick was delighted as she took me deeply into her mouth each time.

I felt my climax coming as Vivian worked my rod in and out of her mouth. I was closer with each pass across her lips and she worked the base of my shaft with her hand. Finally it arrived and I exploded. I fired jet after jet of jizz into her throat. Vivian held the base of my cock as I came. 

She milked me for every drop before replacing my shorts and tucking away my tool. She rose back to my chest and laid her head there. I stroked her back with my hand for a few short moments before we drifted off to sleep.

We were both startled by the ringing telephone. I reached over and picked up the receiver as I noticed the sun peaking through the blinds.

"Hello," I said in a groggy voice.

"Top of the morning to you both," Leslie responded.

"Hey, what's up," I asked, still trying to remember the details of the previous evening.

"It's time for Vivian to go home," she reminded me. "And you are due at my house by noon for a lunch date."

"Ok," I conceded. "I will be there."

"Great," she declared and then, of course, she hung up.

Vivian had already rolled to the edge of the bed and made her way to her feet with the help of the nightstand. I got up and helped her down the stairs and all the way to her car. As I loaded her into the driver's seat, she smiled at me.

"I meant what I said last night," she announced. "About appreciating your efforts towards me. It means more than you know."

"Don't thank me," I said. "The fact that you want to give me your heart is more flattering than you can know."

I kissed her on the cheek softly and closed the car door. As she pulled away I headed inside to shower and get ready for my lunch date at Leslie's house.