 The seeds of our latest escapade were sown when discussing strip clubs. Michelle revealed that it had always been a fantasy of hers to enjoy a private dance while sucking someone's dick. A week later, I was on a train to London and she was flying in from Italy.

As always, we kept in touch by text, and I was gratified to see her message on landing - 

From this moment on, I am officially Yours and only Yours.

I replied - I'll race you to the hotel.

I willed the train to get me there faster.

The train arrived at Waterloo at one in the afternoon. I ran through the station, down to the Underground and on to the Northern Line. I had only one main criteria when it came to booking the hotel, that it was in Soho. St. Giles fit the bill.

I alighted at Tottenham Court Station and leapt up the escalator stairs two at a time. When I emerged onto the street my phone buzzed in my pocket. I looked at the screen. Beat you, it said. I'm in the lobby.

My body tingled as I realised just how close we were.

Oxford Street was pleasingly manageable and I navigated through the throng with a clear sense of purpose. I reached the hotel in a couple of minutes and checked in immediately. My eyes darted around, scanning the lobby for any sign of her. The receptionist handed me the key, and, heart beating fast, I turned to survey the lobby in earnest.

There she was, sat among a group of backpacking tourists looking like the most interesting person at the party. Her hair was shocking pink, making her look like Monica Bellucci channelling Ramona Flowers. She was dressed like Winona Ryder in Beetlejuice - a black leather jacket with a short frilly black lace skirt and black and white stockings. I couldn't help but grin.

She stood up as I approached, matching my smile with one of her own. "Glad you could make it," she said, before kissing my lips lightly. I held her by the waist and looked into her pale green eyes.

"We are going to have a lot of fun." I said. She nodded and kissed my cheek.

I gestured towards her case. "Can I take your bag?" I picked it up as she thanked me. "It's light," I said, surprised.

"It should be. All it has in it are sex toys and underwear. In fact, the customs guys opened it up and went through them with a lot of interest."

"Good God! What happened?"

"It's okay - I'm used to it. It was pretty funny."

I narrowed my eyes at her. "And exactly what toys do you have in your case?"

"Umm... let's see..." She squinted in concentration. "The remote vibe," I nodded appreciatively, "a handily small but powerful rabbit vibe, a collar, a leash, a plug, a ball gag, kitty ears and a babydoll."

"That must have put a smile on their faces."

"Hopefully more than that, Sir."

I noticed that a couple of the backpackers were staring. "Let's get up to the room."

She nodded and we walked over to an open lift, stepped in and pressed the button for the seventh floor. As the doors closed behind us, we set upon each other. I had so missed the taste of her mouth, the feel of her body against mine. She pulled away before the lift came to a stop.

"Before we go any further, I have to warn you. I have some bad news."

My mind raced. "What is it?"

"I'll tell you when we get to the room."

I studied her expression for a clue. It was regretful, but there was still an apologetic smile. It can't be too bad, I reasoned.

The doors opened and we walked to room 752. I slipped in the key card and opened the door. I looked at her again quizically but she pressed her lips together tightly.

We walked in and flicked on the lights. It was a standard room, a big bed and enough room to walk around it. I dropped our bags in a corner and she sat on the edge of the bed.

I stood over her. "So, what's the bad news."

She looked up, cowed. "I'm on my period."

Any disappointment was overwhelmed with relief that it wasn't anything more serious. "Oh baby girl," I said in a mock chiding voice, "that is bad news."

"I don't understand it. I should have been clear, but it arrived six days early." She pouted. "Six days!"

"It's okay. We'll work with it." I placed my hand on her cheek, framing her jawline with my thumb. I leaned in close and spoke slowly and clearly. "But of course you realise that this means I will be using your throat and your asshole as if they were your cunt."

She nodded, and I slipped my thumb between her lips. "Yes Sir," she said around it.

Her hands reached to my belt and unfastened it, unbuttoning my fly to reveal the stiffening bulge against the fabric of my 

tight white underwear.

"Oh Daddy," she sighed, as she traced the underside with one finger. "How I've missed this beautiful curve."

I nodded and, placing my hand on the back of her head, pulled her face to my groin.

She slid like liquid off the bed onto her knees. She opened her mouth with a gasp, kissing the very root of my shaft, starkly outlined against the constrictive material and moving her lips up to the tip and back. 

She wrinkled her nose. "All I can smell and taste is fabric conditioner. I want to smell and taste your cock."

I nodded again and hooked my thumb into the waistband of my underwear. Slowly, tantalisingly, I pulled it over the head of my cock and down its length. Her eyes widened and she pressed her it to her face, inhaling deeply. "Ah... there it is." She fastened her lips over the tip and began to suck.

She pulled my cock out of her mouth with a smacking sound and ran her lips up and down the length of it. She held it and jerked it gently, fixing me with her sparkling blue eyes.

"I'm Yours to play with and make of me what You please."

"I know, baby girl. Daddy's little fuck toy."

I pulled her head back to my cock, pushing into her mouth and forcing it to the back of her throat. I held her head there for three beats before pulling her off me. She gasped as soon as she could, thick strands of saliva hanging from her lips to my erection.

"Fuck Daddy. It's so big. I forgot how big it is."

"You'll remember soon enough, when it is deep in your ass."

She closed her eyes and whimpered pleasingly.

I shimmied out of my pants and pulled the top over my head. I lay back on the bed, grabbing my phone from the bedside table. "I have to phone work quickly."

She pouted melodramatically and stood up. Smiling, I selected a name from my phone and pressed dial. I watched her pad around the room as it rang.

It was answered with an abrupt "Pete Taylor speaking."

"Hi Pete, how are you doing?"

"Hello there! You're supposed to be on holiday, aren't you?"

"I am on holiday. But I've got no access and I just wanted to check on Glasgow."

I kept my eyes on hers as she stopped at the foot of the bed, fixing me with a mischievous stare. She leaned over the bed and crawled on all fours towards me as the voice on the phone, another world away, replied. "Glasgow is quiet. They know things are in hand and they seem fairly happy."

She reached my midriff and peppered my belly with little kisses down to my cock, where she planted one big kiss. She looked to me for approval. I nodded, and she took the head into her mouth. "And York?" I asked.

"Well, they've got the patch through last week, but I don't think they're in a position to test it yet." I murmured a response as I watched Michelle suckle on my shaft. "Anyway, you're back in tomorrow, aren't you?"

I coughed to cover up a moan that escaped from her mouth. "No, I'm not in until Wednesday."

"Well, Roger thinks that you're in tomorrow. You might want to have a word. Would you like me to transfer you?"

I held the back of her head and pushed my cock deep into her mouth, grunting slightly. I pulled her head back and talked loudly to cover her gasp for air.

"No - I'll phone him in a moment. Thanks for that."

"Sure. You forget about work and have fun."

I looked down at Michelle bobbing her head back over my groin.

"I will." I smiled. "Bye."

I ended the call and sighed. "I'm going to have to phone my boss soon, baby girl. Apparently they're expecting me back in tomorrow."

She released my cock from her mouth and looked up at me with big, pleading eyes. 

"Daddy, can you please be in my ass when you talk to your boss?"

My dick surged in her hand. I barked a laugh, then straightened my face. "I honestly think you'll make too much noise." Her face turned down into an expression of disappointment. "We might have to use the ball gag." Her mouth sprang back into a wide smile. 

She gave my cock one last long lick, then hopped off the bed. "Let me get straightened up." She unzipped her case and rummaged inside it, then with a kiss over her shoulder, she slipped into to the bathroom.

I lay back on the bed, idly stroking my cock, wet from her cooling saliva. Whatever in the world had I done to deserve this, I wondered with a self satisfied smile. I had a gorgeous, sexually voracious goddess in the adjacent room preparing herself to be fucked in the ass by me, and that was a heart stopping prospect.

I heard the bathroom door open, and she stepped through it wearing a tight baby doll that came up to the curves of her ass cheeks and nothing more. I growled low in appreciation as she came back over to the bed. There was an effortless, feline insouciance to her movements that was captivating. She smiled at me, then bent over the foot of the bed. The baby doll rode up ever so slightly, revealing more of the curves of her hips.

"You know, I'm so proud of us," she said, as she laid the ball gag, the butt plug and the rabbit vibe on the bed, all fresh from being washed in the bathroom sink. "Finally getting together again after all this time."

"It has indeed been far too long," I said, still stroking. "How long have we known each other?"

"Three years, in the flesh," she said, as she slid back onto the bed. "And can you believe it? This is only our third date."

I moved into a sitting position while she kneeled next to me, her bottom settling on her heels. "That really is a terrible track record," I said.

She held up the ball gag between her hands like an offering, the large blue plastic ball glinting in the sun coming through the window. "It's just as well that we make our time together so memorable, then."

I took it from her and she opened her mouth obediently, her hands crossing behind her back. Leaning forward, I kissed her top then bottom lip before sealing my mouth over them both and running my tongue over hers. 

I pulled away as she started to moan into the kiss, teasingly, and held out the gag between two outstretched hands. She opened her mouth again wide.

I carefully moved my hands forward, positioning the ball so that it entered her awaiting mouth. I continued to move my hands to the back of her head, threading the strap through one buckle, then back through the second. I leaned over to whisper in her ear. "I've gotten a lot better at doing that."

Her eyes darted to the side to look at me, but her face betrayed no expression. I sat back to admire my handiwork. The contrast between the almost demure babydoll and the ball gag was delicious. But what struck me the most were those incredible mock innocent eyes, filled with anticipation, trust, and longing.

"Get on all fours, slut. And face the mirror."

She did as she was told immediately, turning and bending forward, arching her back downwards to accentuate her pert behind in a practised manner.

I moved behind her, gathering up the implements I needed and laying them carefully to the side - the plug, the lube and my phone. I surreptitiously added my flogger out of her view.

I surveyed the gorgeous sight before me, slipping the hem of the baby doll over those perfect ass cheeks. She wiggled provocatively.

I placed my palms on her ass, kneading gently. "Are you ready, baby girl?"

She nodded, looking at me through the mirror.

I bent forward and kissed one ass cheek, then the other, then planted a third directly on her tight little asshole. She moaned in response.

Slowly and deliberately I sucked my fore and middle fingers, watching her eyes which never strayed from my own. I placed both moistened fingers on her asshole, rubbing it in a circular motion. After a short while, I slipped one finger in, eliciting a small whimper from her. I worked it in and out, getting deeper with every push, up to the second knuckle, and beyond. Picking up the lube, I squirted a generous amount over her hole, easing it inside. With this extra lubrication in place, I introduced a second finger, sliding it alongside the first. She responded by jerking forward, then pushing back on to them. I moved my fingers in and out, twisting them inside her as she bucked back to meet my motions. I slapped her wanton ass hard with my free hand. Holding my cock, I spanked her swaying behind repeatedly to match her movements.

I removed my fingers, resting my cock in the valley of her buttocks, sliding it between them. "You want my cock, baby girl?" I asked. She nodded in the mirror. Smiling, I leaned over her. "Not yet." She whined in protest. I picked up the buttplug. "I have to make sure you are ready." I squirted the lube on it, rubbing it all over. I pressed the glistening bulbous implement against her behind. "I have to ensure your tight little asshole is ready for Daddy's big, thick cock."

She squealed as I pushed the tip in, screwing it in gently. Her sphincter stretched around the plug as it widened, her squeal getting higher in pitch the further in I pushed. As it reached its widest point, I held it place for a few maddening seconds before letting her ass swallow it. Before it settled into place, I eased it out again to watch her muscle stretch around it, holding it there again before pushing it back in. The base stuck out derisively, and I gave it three smacks for good measure.

I stroked my cock as I groped for the flogger. Before she had time to register what it was in the mirror, I brought it down hard over her ass. She squirmed under the blows as I alternated between left and right cheek, settling into a familiar and comfortable rhythm.

"I wish I could fuck your cunt, baby girl. My cock needs to be where it belongs." I poured lube all over my cock as I talked, slathering it. "But, in lieu of that, I am going to fuck your ass as if it were your cunt. Do you understand?" 

She nodded in the mirror, and made a sound that might have been "Yes sir", or maybe just an affirmative grunt. Either way, I took it as acquiescence.

I continued flogging her ass as I eased the plug out. I aligned my now painfully erect member next to it and as the plug slid out, I pushed the head of my cock in to take its place. She cried out against the gag as it plunged in, and I gasped aloud as I felt the immediate sucking pressure on my glans. I held it there, the flogger forgotten, letting us both get used to the feeling. 

Her eyes had squinted shut, but soon opened again locked on mine. My mouth cracked into a smile, and I pushed in.

The pressure was immense and delicious, and I was rewarded with Michelle's eyes widening accompanied by a muffled scream. Those eyes narrowed and looked at me with such lust I nearly came then and there. I controlled myself, biting my lip and closing my eyes. Any visual stimulation at this point would surely push me over the edge. A deep breath, then I started moving my hips slowly. I was only halfway in at that exact moment could have pushed me over the edge. I mustered my strength and opened my eyes again. Looking down I could see my cock sliding in and out of that tight asshole, and I knew that I could never tire of that sight. With every stroke I pushed a little deeper, stretching her further.

"Good girl," I said, massaging her ass. "You're doing very well."

She nodded at the praise, moaning with every thrust. "However, you're going to have to be quieter if I'm going to phone my work. Can you do that for me?" She nodded eagerly, and seemed to make a concerted effort to limit her moans. Deciding to test her resolve, I thrust in hard, to the hilt. She squealed loudly, so I slapped her ass hard. "What did I just say? This sort of noise just will not do. Do you understand?"

She nodded slowly, admonished. I was enjoying this far too much, easing myself in and out again, maintaining a steady speed. My pelvis slapped against her rear as she took me completely inside her. She no longer looked at me, her eyes shut and contorted in pain and ecstacy. I gasped, and let out a deep breath. It was now or never.

I picked up the phone next to me and selected the number, pressing dial. It rang four times, giving me a good pace, then it was answered.

"Hello Roger, it's me. Yes, I'm on holiday." My voice became professional and emotionless as I tried to mentally distance myself from my very physical reality. "I was just talking to Pete and he was saying that you are expecting me back in the office tomorrow?" 

My hips worked on their own, my body an automaton that I had set in motion and left running. 

"I extended my time off at fairly short notice, but it should all be in the calendar. Can you just check?" 

Slight moans began to escape Michelle's mouth from behind the gag, but I could not stop myself. I was existing in two different mind spaces, and the system controlling my body was in a fixed pattern. 

"Ah, it's in there?" I said, as Roger returned to speak. "No, that's alright, I'm just glad that there's no confusion." 

Desperation was written all over Michelle's face as I maintained my tone as well as my pace. I started to thrust harder, getting my stride. She cried out with frustration, spreading her arms out in front of her and dropping her shoulders to meet the bed. 

"Also, just to confirm about the projects," I continued, and she let out a worryingly loud cry. I reached behind me to grab a pillow which I under her face to muffle her. She buried her face in it. 

"Glasgow is ticking along, and we've pushed back on York." I quickened my pace, pushing back into her, my hips making dull slappping sounds on her yielding ass. I audibly gasped, but kept composure. I reached between her legs with my free hand to pinch amd rub her clit, making her thrash all the more. 

"Pete should be well abreast of things, and everything should be fine for a couple of days." Fucking harder. "Yes, sure. No worries. I'll see you in a couple of days. Bye Roger." 

I hung up and threw the phone to the bed, grabbing her ass with both hands and ramming into her. 

"Well fucking done, baby girl," I growled. "you did splendidly."

She looked up from the pillow, looking at me in the mirror. "Peese shur mngh I cmmm?" she managed through the gag.

I knew full well what she was saying and rubbed her clit faster. "What's that? I can't quite hear you..."

She growled with frustration, her eyes a mixture of anger and need - "Preese shur may I cummm?"

"Yes, baby girl. You may cum."

The effect was immediate. She howled loudly through the gag, tossing her head side to side. Her whole body shuddered, and she collapsed onto the bed, pulling me down inside her. I wrapped my arms around her, kissing her shoulders, her neck. I unfastened the gag and pulled it from her mouth. She gasped and kissed me hard.

"Fuck that was hot," she said, matter of factly. "How did you manage to keep your voice so calm?"

I laughed. "I have no idea. Necessity?" She grinned and we kissed again. "Are you ready for me to come out?"

She whimpered in protest and I could feel her clench around me. "When you leave me I feel so empty."

I frowned in sympathy. "It won't be for too long, I'm sure."

I pulled myself from her, rolling off her and onto my back next to her. "Fuck, honey, your ass is incredible."

"It's incredibly sore. But in a good way."

I smiled and kissed her. "You're still up for the strip club tonight?"
