 I was recently informed that my job was to be cut due to a company budget crunch. My wife and I discussed the options and we decided to pack up our things and move to the town that we both attended college. My wife had a few weeks left at her old job so I was designated to go house hunting in the new area. I was to leave on Sunday afternoon to spend a few days there and return on Wednesday evening.

My old college buddy had a real estate company there so I called to let him know we were moving back. He told me to call when I arrived and that he would personally see to it that I got what I wanted, as he had a few places in mind. As I hung up the phone, I was a bit more at ease knowing he was taking care of the matters.

My flight out on Sunday was wthout a hitch. I arrived at the hotel around 7:00 pm, immediately going to the lobby bar for a few drinks. I was the only person in there so I decided to go to the room early. I called my wife to let her know I had arrived safely. Just hearing her voice made my balls tingle. She asked if I had unpacked yet because she packed a little surprise for me in my suitcase. As I was telling her I hadn't yet unpacked, I heard the familiar click of call-waiting and with that she said she had to answer the other call....click.

I started unpacking and to my surprise she had thrown a pair of her thong panties in my suitcase. She had also written a note that read "just a little something so you don't forget me while away".  I quickly pressed them against my face, smelling her sweet juices. She must have masturbated with them on because the aroma was wonderful. My cock was at full attention by now so I jerked off thinking of the things she did in those panties. I slowly fell asleep dreaming of her.

The next day, I called Bob to let him know I was ready to find the perfect house. He told me he was going to be in meetings all day but that he had one of his associates already looking for listings. He said Toni would be ready this afternoon for some showings. I left it at that and gave him my number so Toni could reach me this afternoon when she was ready. 

I received a call from his office around 1:30 that afternoon. The voice on the other end of the phone was absolutely hypnotic; so soft and seductive. Toni agreed to pick me up and said that we had three houses to view this afternoon. I told her I would be waiting in the lobby. 

I grabbed the newspaper and headed down to the lobby. I sat down and opened the paper skimming the headlines. The door opened and a beautiful red haired woman appeared. She intoduced herself and asked if I was ready. Was I ready! Toni was about 5' 3" tall with the most gorgeous green eyes I had ever seen. She looked to be in her mid 40's with a great set of tits and a killer ass. She was dressed in a very bright, large flowered sun dress that came down to mid thigh length. 

She showed me around the town a bit before our first two houses, pointing out the new sites. I hadn't been to this town in ten years so the tour was quite nice, especially with the guide being so beautiful. She was very knowledgeable and attentive with answering my questions on the houses we viewed. She told me we had one more to see before the day was finished.

As we pulled into the driveway of the last house, I was in awe of the size and well kept lawn. This house was just amazing. Toni said that it belonged to a couple going through a bitter divorce and that they were needing to sell fast and cheap. As she approached the front door to let us in, I noticed the outline of a pair of thong panties encasing her ass through her sundress. The sun was just at the right angle to make her dress appear a bit sheer. My cock had her immediate attention.

She showed me around the main floor; the usual bullshit rooms like the kitchen, dining room, study. I kept close behind her trying to get a better view of those panties. At one point, she reached up to pull the shade in the living room because the sun was shining brightly. I thought I was going to cum in my pants right there. As she reached for the shade her dress rode up giving me the most beautiful sight I had seen in quite some time. Her tight ass was clearly visible encased in that small little thong panty. Great selling tool I thought.

I followed her upstairs to see the rest of the house. I was a few steps behind her so I could sneek a peak of that beautiful ass again. Toni made her way down the hall to the master bedroom. She told me I just had to see this bedroom. I entered the room and was in awe. It was the largest bedroom I had ever seen, complete with a four-person size jacuzzi tub in the masterbath. She assured me my wife would love the jets as much as she did. I wondered what she was talking about. It didn't take long to find out.

She reached around and unzipped her dress letting it fall to the floor. I looked in amazement at her absolute beauty. Toni stood before me in a sheer white thong with a matching sheer white bra. Her nipples were clearly visible through the thin material. I looked down and saw that she had just a whisper of pubic hair showing through her thong. The outline of her pussy lips was clearly visible through that thin material. 

She told me Bob said to do "whatever it takes" to make the sale. With that, she unzipped my pants to free my cock. My pants were down around my ankles as she pulled my boxers down. My cock jumped out at her with a fury. Toni started to suck my cock like no one else has ever done. She was a professional in more ways than one. I reached around her head and pushed it closer to my crotch. She took all eight inches down her throat.

I pulled her up to me and started kissing her pasionately gently laying her on the bed. I just had to see that beautiful pussy. I gently pulled her thongs down over her waist. Her panties were damp with excitement as I pulled them all the way down her legs. I started at her feet and began to lick her legs up one side and down the other. Her moans were soft. 

She was rubbing her tits, pinching at her nipples through her bra. Her nipples were rock hard and had to be at least 3/4 of inch erect. I had focused my attention on her beautiful pussy; so well manicured. She had a beautiful landing strip of hair pointing the way to her amazing lips and clit. Her clit was a bit engorged as I sucked her lips. I had never been so horny in all my life and by the way my face was covered in her juices, neither had she.

She stopped my afternoon snack and led me to the jacuzzi. Toni reached down and started to fill the tub. As she bent down, I could see her wetness dripping down her legs. She got in the tub and positioned her pussy directly over the faucet with her legs up over the tub. She quivered in excitement as the water poured over her clit. I entered the tub and straddled her so that my cock was accesible for her mouth. Her blow job techniques were amazing. 

Feeling the need to blow my load, I quickly pulled my cock out of her mouth. I positioned Toni over the side of the tub with her hands against the wall and entered her sweet pussy from behind. I pumped her long and deep. She was quite tight but I easily penetrated her because she was so wet with excitement. Her moans grew longer and louder as I pumped her with my swolen cock.

I had never had the pleasure of such a wet pussy. The sounds from my thrusts were getting me harder with each motion. I told her I was about to cum. She immediately turned and faced me, asking that I shoot my load on her beautiful tits. With the flick of her tongue, my explosion was immediate. The sight of my hot cum running down her neck and tits was the most amazing site. She took her hands and rubbed her tits, making sure her breasts were covered in my juices.

Toni had but one thing to ask; did she make the sale? I told her my wife and I would have to think on it over the weekend. We dressed She dropped me off at the hotel. As I was getting out of the car she threw me her thong. I quickly put it in my pocket making sure no one saw the present I had received. Upon arriving to my room, I pulled them out and brought them up to my face. They were still soaked with her juices. 

The only thing I could think of was..SOLD!