 Melissa was good, and she knew it. She was ten years out of the Academy where she'd graduated with the second highest rating for a woman, ever. She was also, ninth overall in the Academy's training records at Quantico. She'd been the principal investigator on many high-profile cases involving nearly everything including racketeering, robbery, forgery, the white slave trade, accounting and Wall Street. Fortunately, her prowess and the information she provided were so good that she'd only been required to testify in court twice, and at each of those times it was in secret Grand Jury proceedings. Her name and picture had never been in the news.

The guys used to call her 'Missy from Tulsa' and drool over her long legs. She spoke softly with a tiny bit of Oklahoma in her voice. On the street she could force that bit of 'Oklahoma' and then dress down, and no one would suspect her of being in the Bureau. She didn't often have a chance to wear jeans anymore, but when she did, every male eye would follow those shapely legs and that tight ass while they undressed her. 

She was good looking, and a head turner and she frequently observed the responses of the men around her. Some guys openly told her that she looked "just exactly like Scully of the 'X Files' TV show. It wasn't true. Melissa was at least three inches taller than "Dana", her hair was more auburn than red, and she didn't think she was as pretty as the TV gal. Any guy would argue the latter point if asked.

She was married now, and had been working for seven weeks on a bank robbery case. Her busy time had been used coordinating profiles, viewing and cataloging bank cam videos, studying eyewitness statements and attempting to develop a pattern and sequence to the events of the case. She felt they were close to an arrest. The suspected 'perps' were a group of guys that had recently moved to Texarkana. The ringleader was a guy named Ed (AKA the boy lover) and his closest associate was named Ron (AKA the Boy) - - they were slick talkers who'd had a history of double exposure. They had no discernible source of income, but managed to throw money around on cars, girls (when not 'together') and drink. They gambled a lot and always lost. The bureau had suggested the IRS watch them closely. A third disgusting individual named Walter (AKA "the dumb one") had recently disappeared. They assumed that the group had done away with him, but he was so inconsequential, and a bigamist, that they only made a single one line note in the files.

The Bureau likes there agents' to travel in pairs to provide backup and support to each other. And, Melissa had always followed that rule. Except, tonight was going to be different. 

She took off early and told her male partner, Dave, that she was going to get her hair done. Instead she drove off and headed downtown to park outside an underground garage in the business district. She got out of the car, and checked her weapons. She had two handguns and a can of a new pepper spray the bureau was experimenting with. The guns were standard issue and one, a plastic Glock, was securely strapped in a shoulder holster beneath her left arm within the loose fitting coat of the suit she was wearing. The second piece was a .32 caliber in a thigh holster between her shapely thighs.

She checked the street for observers, and seeing none, she walked quickly between the barricades and into the underground garage. Again, she looked around, observed the security TV camera locations and purposely avoided them while walking to see the deep blue car parked in space '14A'. 

Satisfied that her prey was still in the building she moved behind a nearby support column and began her wait. If he was on time, he should be walking to his car within the next twenty minutes. She had an unobstructed view of the elevator door.

Precisely eighteen minutes later, a soft bell echoed as the elevator door slid quietly open. Quickly, she stepped into the shadow of the column and waited to verify that he was unaccompanied. He stepped out and the door slid shut. 

As he walked quickly toward his car, she quietly positioned herself to act. As he reached in a pocket for the car keys in that darkened area, she stepped behind him holding her badge and ID in her left hand she reached around to place them in his field of vision. She said "Mr. Jones don't turn around. I am agent Bedford from the FBI. We want to talk to you about a Security matter." As he started to turn, she grabbed his arm and pulled it up behind him and told him that she'd told him not to turn around. He was four inches taller than she, and outweighed her by at least eighty pounds. But, she wasn't concerned because she'd been first in hand-to-hand at the Academy and been directing the quarterly refresher course to all of the local agents for more than two years. She could have had him on the floor crying for mercy in a heartbeat, if he'd made a hostile move.

As it was, he was meek as a lamb. She handcuffed him "telling him that this was standard procedure. Next she took a piece of duct tape from her pocket and taped it across his eyes. A second piece was used to seal his mouth. She paused and leaned close enough to verify that he was having no problem breathing through the mouth. Satisfied that he was okay, she prodded him forward the same way she'd come in, while making certain that they remained clear of the remote video security cameras.

When they got outside, she stopped him and checked the street again. It was still clear. 

She forced him over to her car, pushed the trunk open button on her key ring and made him climb in. His muffled outcry was efficiently handled by the tape. She closed the trunk, got in and started the car. She pulled away from the curb, making sure to stay below the speed limit, and then headed for the freeway.

She drove about five minutes out of town, pulled off the freeway onto a cross street and four blocks later she pulled into the driveway of a large motel. 

It was Wednesday night and the parking lot was empty. The red "VACANCY" sign flashed at the office. She drove by the office and the length of the building to the rear of the lot. She drove around both the main building and the annex building to a large lot behind. She drove to a parking slot outside the furthest room. 

She pulled forward and then backed into the space. The trunk was only a few paces from the door to room 'B84', but she was going to room 'B83' in case anybody saw her car and started to investigate. This way she could hear the noise and 'clean up' the room before they got to checking the rest of the building

She thought back two weeks, to when she'd first come to this motel. She'd approached the front desk and asked to see the manager. When he came to the desk, she'd asked him to step to the end of the counter. With her back to the lady desk clerk, she'd produced her badge and identification card. The manager inspected them and then raised a fold down edge of the desk and invited her back to his office.

When they were seated, she explained that she was in need of a quiet room, out of sight of the general public and where she wouldn't be bothered by motel employees. When he'd asked what it was to be used for, she answered that she was not allowed to provide that information. He'd nodded, and assumed it was to be a "safe house" for the Bureau; she didn't correct him. After thinking for a moment, he'd explained that the annex building was always empty during the week and only used on busy weekends. He'd further assured her that if there were no registered guests, the motel personnel would not visit the building. He then showed her its location on a simple wall map of the property. She'd selected the next to the last room on the ground floor, and when she'd asked what the room rate was, he'd told her that during the week there would be no charge except for any food or drink. She'd assured him there would not be a need for them. He'd then told her that the motel made its profit on the weekend and that if the room was to be used on weekends he would have to bill the bureau the standard business rate. She'd assured him that the room would 'only' be used on week nights. He'd produced two keys and explained that the motel would not keep its duplicate, however, if a key was lost, the bureau would be billed for replacing the room lock. She'd thanked him, pocketed both keys and left. Her plan was in motion.

Her reverie at an end and her skirt riding high on her hips, she opened the car door, turned in the seat and stepped out. She used the flat of her hand to apply pressure to her growing sex and massaged it through the skirt. She made certain the room key was in her pocket, removed the Glock from its holster and removed the ammo clip. Next she turned it over, pulled the slide back and ejected the chamber cartridge into her hand. She put the clip and bullet into her coat pocket and reholstered the Glock.

Now she stepped to the rear of the car where she could hear him banging softly on the trunk's interior. She pressed the open button again and the lid popped open. She carefully raised it to its limit, and then reached in and took his arm. She told him to stop making noise and to put his legs over the edge of the trunk and climb out—his hands were still securely cuffed behind him, and she had to assist.

She guided him to the door, opened it, told him to step up, and pushed him into the room. Next, she checked to make sure the drapes were drawn and no light could leak out through the window. She turned on the light, stepped to one of two straight-backed desk chairs, pulled it to the center of the room and positioned him in front of it. She pulled the pillows from the bed, placed one on the seat and the other standing upright as a back cushion. She reached forward, unbuckled the belt and opened the pants. She pulled the pants and briefs to the floor and commanded him to step out of them. Was he whimpering? She put one foot behind his left knee and pushed, forcing him to sit down. Next, she taped his ankles to the rear legs of the chair -- forcing him to sit straddle legged. 

With that done, she reached around, unbuttoned and unzipped her business suit skirt. She folded it and placed it on the bed. Continuing, she removed her holstered Glock, jacket, blouse, half slip, and finally the thigh holster. She took a toothbrush out of her bag and then listened. She could hear what sounded like a muffled question coming from below the tape, she wondered about it for a moment, and then walked toward the bathroom in her bra and panties.

Now, she pulled the curtain, turned on the water to warm, and removed her remaining clothing. 

She admired herself in the mirror. She still had proud breasts, a full but pleasantly flat tummy, and those gorgeous legs. She reached up and massaged both of her breasts. Her nipples were hard and jutting. Again she used the palm of her hand for a few moments before feeling a light pleasure below her tummy and then felt it traveling the length of her body. 

Though she'd been married for awhile, her husband and she were both too busy, or one of them had a fertility problem, because they still had no children. The problem was not a lack of sex, drive or the spirit to try - - they each had plenty to spare. 

She checked the guy in the chair, and then she stepped over the edge of the tub and under the warm shower spray. She lathered herself well, enjoying the touch of the soft warm spray on her body. Then she removed the hand shower from its clip and used it to rinse, paying special attention to her 'private' parts. She felt the directed spray on those parts and nearly climaxed several times—she wondered if any man's hands could ever be that gentle. When she was rinsed, she turned off the water, pulled back the curtain and climbed over the edge. 

She wrapped a towel around her body while standing on the warm floor mat. She took the brush and brushed her teeth, and then finished drying her body with the towel. She moistened a washcloth and took it with her.

When she returned to the room, he was still sitting there. It looked like he might have tried to rock or turn over the chair - - he wasn't successful and now sat meekly in submission. She walked behind him, grabbed the back of the chair and tilted it backward until it lay on the floor.

Next, she pulled the Glock from its holder and slapped his male member lightly. She placed its smooth coolness against it, stroked it softly with the side of the barrel, and it began to rise. She marveled at its size and girth. She stroked it with the Glock and told him what she held in her hand and how easy it would be to neuter him with it. She grasped it softly and stroked it with her hand this time. When she'd decided that he was ready, she told him that she was about to remove the tape from his mouth, but she warned him that if he made a sound she would shoot off his manhood. Likewise, she told him that his job was to make her happy and keep her happy. If he didn't she warned, she would also use it to remove his manhood. When she asked if he understood, he slowly nodded yes, and she removed the tape from his mouth. While there, she verified that the tape on his eyes was still in place.

He asked why he was there, he reminded her that she'd said something about a security violation, he'd never done anything wrong, he ... But then, she pushed the Glock against him, and kneeled to mount his face. She checked to make certain that he could breathe and then told him he'd better get started. Hesitantly he began to kiss her, and feeling the smoothness of her freshly shaved lips he began to get more interested. He kissed her and moved his head to stroke her with his lips and tongue. She began to move in an effort to help him. Now, he parted her lips with his tongue and continued to stroke. The limited forward and backward motion of his head caused him to begin moving side to side. She was climaxing and paused a moment before realizing the problem. She turned slightly so that he could move his head and tongue in a more nearly, natural way. She told him to proceed and noticed that he too was aroused. She reached down and began fondling him, cupping him and then slowly stroking him, in reward for his attentions. She felt him go more rigid, he pulsed and throbbed from her attention. She was in ecstasy over his wonderfully large, warm tongue and lips. She climaxed, and then climaxed and climaxed. Again and again his tongue was satisfying her. Finally, she had to break away and lay beside him her head opposite his wonderfully narrow hips and slim buttocks. It took her a few moments to regain her breath.

When she looked up at him, she noticed that his erection hadn't changed; he was quiet but still stiff as a ramrod. Ramrod she thought was a word that fit it. Slowly she lifted her head and leaned over him. She reached for the moistened washcloth, raised the shirt and tee-shirt, and washed him completely. When she finished, even though the cloth was cold, he was still hard. She placed the cloth on his bare abdomen, and bent over closer. She brushed him with her tongue, and tasted him before beginning the serious effort of satisfying him.

She used her fingers and traced the soft sack and balls that formed his virility. She teased him with her tongue. Again and again, she ran her tongue all over him from the inside of one thigh up and over to the other thigh. Finally, she ran her tongue over his sack and kissed his balls. She sucked one and then the other into her mouth and massaged them lightly with her tongue and mouth. He was breathing heavily and beginning to move his hips. She moved up to his manhood with her lips and placed a hand around the base of it. As she stroked it with her tongue his breathing rate, again, increased and she could hear the air being inhaled and expelled. His hips were bucking wildly. She rode his writhing hips and followed every movement with her hand and tongue. She circled the sensitive head with her tongue, while enjoying effort nearly as much as he was. Sensing that he was nearly ready, she plunged her lips around it and sucked him into her mouth. She massaged him with the cheeks, tongue and roof of her mouth. She slipped it in and out, each stroke she sucked it deeper than the previous stroke. 

She was pulling as much suction as she could and felt him at the entrance to her throat. Keeping this maximum stroke, she increased the rate of movement and felt a yearning in her tummy. The yearning and longing continued to build and she was vaguely aware of the pulsing in her mouth. Finally, he exploded and a warm cream filled her mouth and ran down her throat. She swallowed, and swallowed and the third spasm caused her to climax also. She rode him, and swallowed everything he expelled. She felt her own warm juices running down the inside of her leg. She climaxed longer than he did, while continually feeling a deep satisfaction warming her from the inside. The juice was streaming from her and soaking into the rug. 

Completely exhausted, she collapsed her head to the floor. It took them several minutes to begin breathing normally.

As she began to focus on the situation, she looked over at him and noticed that he too was more relaxed. They had been in the room for about ninety minutes and she realized that the evening was rapidly coming to an end—she'd have to get this guy back to his car before someone noticed his car and went looking for him. 

It took a massive effort to rise, but she managed it and then reached over to see if she could arouse him. As she touched him, it sprang to life again. She commented to him that he had performed to her greatest expectations. This news served to arouse him again and he was as hard as before. Three times in ninety minutes? This guy's drive nearly matched her own. She wanted him and wanted to release him satisfied. 

She told him to lay still and then mounted him. She reached down and pulled him back and forth across her clit until they were each lubricated. Slowly, she lowered herself onto him. He fit perfectly and she could feel him filling her as she continued to rock back and forth. There was a mutual pleasure building and he too struggled to raise his hips in a movement and direction opposite hers. She heard him whisper that this was fantastic. This further excitement caused her to double her efforts. They continued for several minutes during which she climaxed several times. When she felt him about to explode, she stopped stroking and plunged him deep and rocked back and forth rapidly. This change in motion, opposite to what might have been expected, only caused him to climax more quickly, more deeply, and more fully than ever before. She felt the warmth filling her and she was over the edge - - a heavy moan escaped her lips.

She leaned over and her naked breasts lay beside his head. He turned his head, blindly found a nipple and pulled it into his mouth. He moved his head in circles and rocked it back in forth while maintaining a strong suction and rapid movement of his tongue. He was out of breath but managed to occasionally inhale through his nose. Finally, she moved and placed the other breast between his lips.

She wanted to climax even once more, but looked at her wristwatch and noticed the time. Slowly she climbed off and began to wash him once more. When she'd finished, she got up, staggered into the bathroom and cleaned herself.

Exiting the bathroom, she dressed quickly and then gathered his clothes. She untaped his ankles and lifted the back of the chair until he was sitting normally. She helped him stand, raised one foot at a time and pulled on his pants and briefs. After rezipping them and fastening his belt. She combed his hair with her fingers. He was still wearing his coat and it looked like it was in need of serious pressing to remove the wrinkles. She reached up and kissed him heavily on the lips and gave him one last squeeze of his crotch. She apologized for abducting him, but was now glad she did. She told him briefly how great he was as a lover, and then opened the door into the cool evening. 
