 We had been making out for the last thirty minutes and both of us were naked as Jaybirds. I gently broke our impassioned embrace and guided you to a prone position on the bed. I am to your right and I get on my knees. I lower my face to your right breast and gently suck your nipple into my mouth. I use both hands to massage your breasts as I run my tongue around your upright nipple. Slowly I open my mouth wide and suck as much of your tit in as I can. You moan as I continue to massage your other breast. Slowly I let you have your tit back and before moving to other parts, I flick my tongue back and forth over your nipples several times. Then I gently slide my face, just barely touching your skin, down to your stomach. As my tongue slides about your bellybutton you giggle and squirm. I continue my downhill slide until my hot breath blows across your pubic mound. 

I place both hands on the insides of your thighs and gently urge you to spread your legs. Slowly you follow my suggestion, and as you invite me in, I let my tongue run gently down and across your inner lips. Your hips thrust forward slightly as my tongue gently queries deeper. I keep my face close enough to allow me to lick your vagina, but not close enough to touch it. Gently my fingers spread your lips to reveal bright pink flesh to my heated tongue. Your hips wriggle as my tongue licks up one side and down the other at the entrance of your love cave. As I let my face push into your nest of pleasure, my tongue flashes about, seeking, looking for that which will cause you to jump. Your hips thrust up pushing your warm womanhood into my face. My tongue explores deeper into you as you moan in pleasure. 

I move my head up slightly and there where your lips join, my tongue finds what it has been looking for. As I suddenly stroke across your clit your whole body shakes. Gently my tongue worms its way through the folds of skin protecting your clit. Suddenly your hips are thrusting into my face, your legs are shaking, and as I slip a thumb deep into your love tunnel your body spasms, a moan of pleasure escapes you, your hands push my head harder into your pelvis, and I know that your fist orgasm has just rocked its way through you. I grin. I pause for a few minutes to let you recover; so that your leg and back muscles can relax. Then I gently start moving my face around your pussy. You suck in a deep breath and moan as my tongue once more starts to search out your clit. 

My thumb moves slowly in and out of your vagina, and your sweet smelling juices coat my hand as well as my face. You spread your legs wider this time and I'm able to get my face into position so that my tongue can wander up and down your snatch at will. Your breathing speeds up and I can feel the heat from your pussy as my tongue runs up and down it. Each time my tongue crosses your clit, your body spasms with pleasure and your breathing stops in a gasp. My thumb is moving faster now, in and out of your love tunnel. I can feel the tension in your body increase, as your legs start tightening about my head, your hands gripping my head harder, suddenly I jam my thumb deep into your demanding body. At the same time I gently suck your clit into my mouth. As this orgasm explodes throughout your body, your back arches, lifting me off the bed. A strange sound escapes your lips as you try and vocalize your pleasure. Your hands are locked into my hair and as my tongue rapidly flicks across your clit, I can feel you shudder and shake as orgasm after orgasm explodes through your body. I keep it up for some time, until I can feel your body weakening from the constant strain. 

Gently I start to ease my tongue away from your clit and slowly you start to come down from this very natural high. Slowly you sink back onto the bed. Your thighs let go of my head and your hands release my hair. I gently ease my thumb out of your now very tight love passage and you moan from the loss. I move up to your face where our lips are drawn together like magnets. As you taste your juices on my face you moan with pleasure. Our tongues race around each others mouths like racecars. You slide to your knees and place your hands on the floor in front of you. You slap your ass once to let me know you need my dick deep in your pussy. Juices stream from your pussy lips as your shaved treasure bares itself to my wanton gaze. I crawl behind you and place my hips along your backside. I can feel my shaft start to rub along your slit as its wetness coats my rock hard dick. Your whimpers begin, as you know that you are about to be fucked. Fucked hard and long. Your whimpers are ones of desire. My hands travel your sides to the front of your breasts. As I lean into you, my cock penetrates your tight wet pussy. Your gasp of exclamation is loud in the still night. More you demand of me. More you will get too.

I read back and slam home my hard member. You continue to cry out and arc your back as you take this needed fucking. You quickly feel your pussy tighten around my dick. Your cunt shudders a few times as your orgasm starts to hit you. My hand starts to rub your clit as I reach around your full hips. I start to slap your ass with my other hand. Your cheek starts to turn red under my firm and stimulating slaps. Your clit gets hard under my finger as your orgasm continues coursing down your body. The moonlight streams into the room across your milky white skin, and highlights your auburn locks as you thrust back and forth with me. Your screams echo off the walls and reverberate vibrations through out your body. You feel me tense inside of you as your tight pussy ripples along my cock. Spurt after spurt erupts deep into your cunt. This takes you over the edge and completes you orgasm. You lean back against me, your mind blown numb, as you feel me stay inside of you. Hardening for fun in a little bit…