  Chapter 15 – Cause for Celebration

Wednesday night was here before I knew it. Work was stressful and busy, while I was wondering when my house was going to sell. My mind was racing as I headed home from work, but whenever my mind worked that fast, thoughts always turned to the game.

I still couldn't shake the images from the video I had recorded on Saturday. Mindy was a dirty little girl and Penny was as consistently as sexy as ever. I don't ever remember jerking off harder than I did when I got home on Saturday. Damn those girls got to me. So did these recent late nights at the office.

I pulled into the driveway around 8pm and headed inside. I turned on the TV and sat for a moment. Before I could even gather my thoughts, the doorbell rang. I quickly made my way over to see who it was. Much to my surprise, it was Leslie. 

I opened the door and invited her in. She had on a white skirt suit with a hunter green blouse and white pumps. I was guessing that she was on her way home from the office. She stepped inside and I greeted her.

"To what do I owe this pleasure," I asked as we headed into the dining room.

"I have something for you to sign," she replied, holding up a brown envelope.

She took out a document and flipped through it to a flagged page in the back.

"Sign at the two flags and your divorce is final," she instructed.

I took the pen she presented me and looked down at the paper. My ex-wife had already signed. I signed my name twice as indicated and dated them. I handed the pen and the document back to Leslie and she smiled at me.

"Thank you," I said. "But there was no need for you to come all the way over here. I would have come to the office."

"Yes, but if you signed these in the office we could not have celebrated," she responded in a very sultry tone.

"What did you have in mind," I asked.

"Payback for my birthday," she answered.

She laid the document and envelope down on the dining room table. She pulled me to her and kissed me deeply on the mouth. My cock started to swell as our lips touched. Our tongues danced and she began massaging my dick though my pants. I was not going to last long if she kept that up.

Leslie then squatted down and undid my belt. She unzipped my pants and lowered them. She took down my boxers and allowed my rigid rod to spring free. She held my cock with her right hand and licked the leaking precum from its tip. She licked the length of the shaft on both sides repeatedly before cramming it into her mouth.

I moaned as she took me in. She worked my pole in and out of her orifice continually. She sucked me intensely and slobbered all over my tool as it disappeared in and out of her mouth. She stroked the base as she took my length between her lips. I got weak in the knees as my climax approached quickly.

I breathed in deep as she took my wand further into her mouth. She pressed her oral cavity as far down on my tool as it would go, taking much of my girth inside her mouth. She repeated this several times and it felt amazing. She could really suck dick. My rod throbbed in her mouth as she bobbed up and down on it.

She engulfed my staff with her mouth until my nuts tightened and I popped. I shot rockets of cum into her throat. My semen exploded inside her mouth and she swallowed every drop I released. She held my cock in her mouth until she was sure that I was completely out of juice.

When she was done she stood up and kissed me on the cheek. I stood there, unable to move momentarily.

"I guess we're even now," she whispered in my ear. "You didn't think I would let you have one up on me for too long, did you? I will see myself out."

She grabbed the document and the envelope off the table and turned to leave. I watched her ass wiggle in her white skirt as she walked away from me. She walked back to the front door and opened it. She disappeared through it and I still had not moved. I discarded my pants and pulled up my boxers. I moved to the couch and sat for a moment or two.

As I was sitting there, my cell phone rang. I picked it up from the coffee table.

"Hello," I answered.

"You taste good," Leslie announced.

"Thanks, you give great head," I complimented her.

"Pack a bag for the weekend, you are going away," she directed. "Be at the office at 5pm on Friday."

I knew it was coming but still, the hang always got me.

As I sat there I wondered where she could be sending me.