 One of my favorite views in the world is looking up at him as I'm straddled between his legs. I like having to helplessly shimmy my way up higher until I'm somewhat upright in order to get a better look. His thick strong thighs, his huge erect cock pointed straight at me. Every ridge of his torso. The broadness of his shoulders. What a great angle, the upwards angle is. This is exactly why I would put my webcam on my floor and dance over it when I was a cam girl. There is a vein that bulges out a little under the "V" of his pelvis. Guuuuuh. I love that vein.

I gently move his cock to the side so I can lick and kiss the lower part of his stomach. I fear it may tickle him, but I can't help myself. God damn it, he is just so beautiful. I can feel the goosebumps form on my arms as the shivers flow down my spine. I love how pathetically small my hand feels wrapped around his gorgeous cock.

"Mmmmmmmm, I love it when you have precum ready for me."

"Dirty girl."

I dive for it. I lap it up, purring and moaning as I do. I want to get the first three inches good and sloppy wet so that I can use my hand to coat it down the rest of his length.

As I twist the wetness up and down his slickening cock I bend my head down to give his balls a lick. I've never liked this before him, but I love every part of his anatomy. I'm as gentle as possible as a lick- sometimes in fast flicks, and sometimes in slow carresses- while I pump the head of his cock in a twisting upward motion.

I make sure to put the head back in my mouth before it even starts to get a little dry. We wouldn't want that, would we? It's time to challenge myself. It's time for my tonsils to get a good grazing.

I bob my head along with my hand, making sure to keep my tongue moving as I do. I'll flick it upward toward the underside of his head, or I'll voraciously move my tongue like a cyclone around him as I bob up and down, up and down, trying to take more and more of it as I do.

I moan, without even realizing it. He just tastes too fucking good. I can't help but moan when I feel the precum travel up his cock, and moan once again once it hits my tastes buds. I'm not trying to torment him, he's just an assembly line of moans. God, I love his taste.

He gathers my hair into his hands, and pulls my head off his cock, hard. I see it twitch before I look up innocently at him with my big brown eyes.

"You are just too damn good at this," he says sternly.

I try to dive for more, but he gives my hair another yank.

"Let me know when I can taste you some more," I plead.

He lets me know by pulling me back onto him by the back of my head until I gag. Mmmmm, another involuntary moan. My favorite part is coming.

He fucks my throat. I know why he's doing this. There's less sensation, less tightness. He can go for a bit longer like this, but he didn't take into account how hot my gagging noises would be to him.

He pulls my head back hard by my hair again. I look up at him with a victorious smile.

"I love how pleased with yourself you look."

I probably do look pleased, don't I? There's nothing I can do but smile, with a stream of my spit connecting me from my prize. Drool all over my chin. My eyes in a daze. Waiting patiently for my little throat to get filled once again.