 My name is John. I am an account executive for a Manhattan advertisement company.

I live in Westchester with my wife and daughter.

For the last six months, I have been working 18 hour days and over weekends to snag a huge client.

Finally, the client came on board and all my hard work paid off.

I told my wife that I was going to take some time for myself and was going up to the lake where I go fishing. 

My wife gave me her blessings and told me to relax and unwind.

Now, let me give you a little background about myself and my family.

My wife, Donna, and I have been married 20 years and have an 18 year old daughter, Becky, who lives with us and is on break from college.

I am 45, 5'10", 180, salt and pepper hair, hazel eyes with a medium build.

Donna is also 45. She is 5'8", 135, auburn hair and a nice figure for her age. I don't really know her bust size but it is more than a mouthful.

Becky is 18. She is 5'7", trim figure, red hair and green eyes. From what I have seen while she wears bikini swim suits, her tits are much more than a mouthful.

A few years back, Donna had a one night stand that I found out about and with counseling, we got over it.

I attributed her affair to my work and not being there for her when she needed me.

Anyway, that is water under the bridge and we have been happy ever since.

I told Donna that I was going to the lake this weekend and got everything I would need.

Saturday morning came and I left just a little after 8:00 a.m. for the three hour drive.

I finally arrived and made my way down to my favorite spot, just overlooking the lake. I made a couple of trips to the car to get all my gear.

I pitched my tent, got my grill ready and unfolded my lounge chair and got naked, as this was the off season and I figured nobody would be up there anyway.

I placed my large towel on the lounge and got comfortable. I brought a book of erotic stories to read and now I was all set for relaxation time.

After a couple of hours resting and reading, I grilled a couple of hot dogs and had a beer. 

When I finished, I headed down to the lake. As I walked, I could feel my cock slapping aside my upper thighs with every step.

I finally made it to the edge of the water. I stuck my toes in and soon realized the water was really cold.

I enjoyed the view and after some time, I headed back up to my spot.

I laid down on my stomach and decided to take rest. My watch showed 2:30 p.m.

I must have fallen asleep and woke up to hearing the rustling of leaves and branches 

I lifted myself up and looked around but didn't see anything. Then I saw a woman emerge from the brush 

As she got closer, she said "Hi, I didn't expect to see anyone here. Oops."

I then remembered that I was naked and tried to cover up but I know she saw me naked.

Then I heard more noises and a young woman appeared.

The woman, who introduced herself as Diane, also introduced her 18 year old daughter, Jesse.

I told them my name and apologized for being caught naked.

Diane said that she and Jesse are nudists so seeing me naked was no big deal.

I asked her what they were doing up here since it was the off season.

She said that this was their last trip to the lake for the season and didn't expect to see anyone else. She continued by saying that their plan was to find a nice secluded spot, get naked and enjoy nature.

I told her that was basically my plan as well. 

Then, for some unknown reason, I asked her if she and her daughter would like to hang out with me.

Much to my surprise, Diane asked Becky, who said ok and before I knew it, I had two lovely guests with me.

Diane and Becky pitched their tent next to mine and stowed their gear away and before I knew it, got naked.

I felt my eyes bulge out at the sight of mom and daughter.

Mom had a stunning figure. I figured she must have been early forties since her daughter was 18.

Diane stood 5'9", about 135, big tits, nice ass, brown hair and brown eyes and was completely smooth.

Becky stood at 5'8", about 120, firm tits with big nipples, long black hair and blue eyes. She was also completely smooth.

So, for the rest of the day, the three of us hung out naked and chatted.

Becky saw the book and asked what it was about. I told her it is a book of erotic stories. I must have turned red but she just said she likes reading that stuff as did her mom.

Those comments stirred my cock which was now getting hard. I tried to cover it up but Diane noticed it.

"John," she said, "it's ok. Becky and I have seen hard cocks before. You don't have to hide it. In fact, we both enjoy seeing a man's hard cock."

I smiled and uncovered my cock which was rigid now.

Then Becky leaned over to her mother and whispered something and gave her mother a kiss on her lips.

Becky got up and moved toward me. She knelt down and in a second, she had my cock in her mouth.

I looked at Diane who told me to enjoy myself as Becky likes sucking cock.

After a few minutes of Becky sucking my cock, Diane came over and sat besides me. She turned my head to face hers and took my hand and placed it on her tit, then kissed me.

My instincts took over and I started playing with her tits and sucking on her nipples as Becky continued her onslaught on my cock.

Diane's tongue was deep in my mouth and our tongues played, I pushed Becky's head down onto my cock and before I knew it, shot my load into her mouth.

I could feel her sucking every drop of cum from my cock and her tongue swirling around its head and her swallowing all my cum.

When she finished, she sat on my other side and I started playing with her tits.

Then it happened. Diane leaned over and started kissing Becky. I leaned back as mom and daughter were locked in an embrace. Their hands playing with each other's tits.

After awhile they both broke their embrace and Diane said, "John, are you ok? Would you like to join us in our tent?"

My cock was already on the rise and I quickly said, "Diane, why don't we just lay a blanket here and we could play under the sun?"

Diane looked at Becky and they nodded an ok to each other.

I laid a blanket down and the three of us laid on it with me in the middle.

It didn't take long before Diane straddled my cock and slowly impaled herself on it.

Becky's attention shifted to sucking her mother's nipples and playing with her tits.

Then, as Diane rode my cock, Becky slipped down to my shaft and was licking it as it moved in and out of her mother's cunt.

I told Diane I was going to cum and with a couple of fast rides by Diane, I shot my load in her cunt.

As Diane lifted herself off of me, Becky attacked her mother's cunt and started sucking my cum from her mother's cunt.

We all fell to the side exhausted.

We finally stopped and rested. Then we did a small bbq and after that, we headed to their tent for the night.

Their tent was larger than mine and comfortably slept three or four. 

When we were going to lay down, Diane got in the middle and it didn't take long for me to figure out why.

Becky was all over her mom, kissing and feeling her mother up. It was obvious this wasn't their first time as I enjoyed the show.

That night I fucked mom and daughter more than once and I fell asleep with my spent cock in Becky's tight cunt and my mouth on Diane's nipple.

In the morning, I made some coffee for breakfast and Diane said they had to leave.

I helped them pack up their stuff and before I knew it, they were gone.

I spent the rest of the day relaxing and reading my erotic stories with a hard on that wouldn't quit.

I must have jerked off at least three times thinking of them.

Suddenly, I heard a voice calling out.

I opened my eyes, shook my head and looked around. I looked at my watch which showed 4:00 p.m. Only then did I realize I was only dreaming. What a fucking let down.

I covered myself as the voice got louder and closer.

Then I saw two people coming through the brush. It looked like Diane and Becky. But it couldn't be. Could it?

The end?????