 Chapter 16 – Getaway

I left work at 4:30pm on Friday and headed over to Leslie and Emma's office. I had my bag packed and in the back seat of the car as Leslie had instructed me to do. I parked the car and made my way to the office suite. I entered but did not see anyone around.

The door to Emma's office was closed and the light was off, so I assumed she had gone home for the weekend. Penny was not at her desk either, which made me wonder what was going on. Just then, I heard Emma's voice coming from Leslie's office.

"We have been over this," I heard Emma say loudly.

I made my way to Leslie's office and stood in the doorway. Leslie was sitting behind her desk and Emma was standing next her chair, on her left. Penny was seated in front of them and I noticed tears on her cheek. What was happening here?

"Am I interrupting," I asked, announcing my presence.

"No, you're not," Emma insisted. "Have a seat."

I sat next to Penny and rubbed her back to calm her.

"So, is anyone gonna tell me what the fuck is going on," I inquired.

"You are going away this weekend with Penny," Leslie disclosed.

"Really, that is interesting," I replied. "I can't remember the last time a woman cried just because she had to spend a weekend with me."

"You are going home with Penny," Emma clarified. "You will spend the weekend with her parents and see where she grew up."

"That is a very nice thought," I admitted. "But if Penny is this uncomfortable with me going, then maybe I shouldn't go."

"It's not you," Penny stuttered through her silent sobs. "There is no one else I would rather go with."

"What is it then," I asked blankly, not understanding what could cause her to be this hurt.

"It's a long story," Emma advised. "Penny will explain it to you as you drive. That gives you a good two hours to get it."

"Why, where's home," I inquired.

"Just past Fresno," Penny whispered.

I looked at Leslie and she nodded at me.

"Then we should get going," I indicated. "We would hate to arrive too late."

"I don't want to go," Penny growled.

"Penny," Emma yelled loudly. "You know you need to go. IT'S TIME."

Penny stood up and walked out of the office. I watched her go, unsure whether or not to move. I stood up and was about to head out after Penny when Emma gave me some instructions.

"When you get there, after she has explained everything to you," Emma began sternly, "you protect her. Don't let them gang up on her, don't let them berate her. If it gets to be too much, call me and we'll rethink things. I am counting on you to get her through this. You are the only one she would agree to go with."

I looked at her squarely. I kept my eyes focused on hers.

"There isn't a chance I am gonna let anyone mistreat her," I responded just as stern. "You have my word."

"This is one of those important ones," Leslie reiterated.

I turned and exited the office. I strolled over to Penny's desk, where she was seated.

"I am just shutting down my pc," she said without looking at me.

"Pen, whatever this is, I will protect you," I whispered to her.

She looked at me, but did not speak. Tears filled her eyes but did not fall. Her computer shut down and she stood up. She handed me her travel bag over her desk and came around to stand next to me.

"We're leaving," she yelled as she grabbed my free hand and led me out of the office suite.

When we reached the car, I opened the passenger door for Penny and then placed her bag in the back with mine. I loaded myself into the driver's seat and we were off. I didn't say a word and did not turn on the radio. I figured I would give Penny time to collect herself.

We drove for almost an hour before the first word was said. I waited, patiently, not wanting to push her. I need her to tell me, but I know she needed to do it on her terms and in her time. Finally, she broke the silence.

"Remember when I told you that I would explain why the prom assignment upset so much at another time," she asked.

"Of course I do," I confirmed.

"Well, here comes the answer," she prepared me. "I never went to my prom. My father is a retired Army Sergeant. He was in both Vietnam and Korea. He moved around a lot when I was young, but my mother and I did not follow him."

"Why not," I inquired gently.

"My mother is very much a person who believes less is more," she explained. "There were no birthday parties, no prom, no graduations, nothing. There was no need to celebrate, since we all knew what had been accomplished. That should be enough."

"What did your dad think," I countered.

"He was away a lot when I was younger," she sighed. "When he finally got stationed at home, he missed mom so much that whatever she said was law."

"I can understand that, I guess," I stated. "Even with all that, why wouldn't you want to go home?"

"I haven't seen my parents since I left for college 7 years ago," she revealed.

I was shocked. I didn't have to ask why this was the case. I knew the answer was coming.

"I was not supposed to go to college," she clarified. "Mom wanted me to find a nice military husband and get married right after high school. Plus the money issue. 'There is nothing higher than serving a man who is serving our country,' she would tell me. I hated hearing that. I respected what my dad did, but I wanted my own life, my own adventures."

"I see," was all I could muster in response. I continued listening intently.

"My scholarship was my way out," she continued. "They weren't happy about it but they were going to let me go. My father convinced my mother that a chance to play Olympic volleyball was a great service to the country and that I should be allowed to follow that road. Then I met Emma. My parents hated her from the start. They thought she was 'godless' and 'impure,' whatever the fuck that is. My relationship with her burned my mother to the core. They said if I went to 'that school' and consorted with 'that woman', that I shouldn't come home anymore."

"How did you handle that," I asked.

"I was crushed," she confessed. "I cried for 3 days and then packed up everything I thought I would need. The day I left neither one of them said goodbye."

"And you haven't been back since," I repeated.

"Yeah," she acknowledged. "I have called on several occasions but the always said if I still had anything to do with Emma that I should stay away."

"Why have they changed their minds now," I wondered.

"They haven't," she owned up. "But you heard Emma, it's time."

"They do know we are coming, right," I expressed.

She shook her head, indicating that our visit was a surprise.

"Ok, why me," I asked. I had to know.

"I think your heart is worth the gamble," she stated. "So, I'm rolling the dice. Plus, I know you will protect me. You are the only man I have ever felt that with since I left home."

I said nothing the rest of the ride. I was flattered and confused all at the same time. I drove on until we reached Penny's parent home. I parked in front of the simple two-story home. It was a nice looking house, which had obviously been well taken care of over the years. I got out of the car and walked around, opening the door for Penny. I took her hand to help her out of the car. She had redone her makeup and the tear stains were gone.

I held her hand as we moved up the walk. We reached the front door and Penny rang the bell. An older woman, of her early 60's answered the door. She was taller than Penny and skinny as a rail with blonde curly hair that was short. She had on a cooking apron.

"Hello mom," Penny said softly.

Penny's mother threw her arms around her daughter and pulled her close to her in a giant embrace. I let go of Penny's hand and stepped to the side.

"David," she screamed. "David, get out her! Penelope is home!"

As Penny continued to hug her mother, a large figure appeared in the doorway behind them. He was a gentleman in his late 50's, standing at least 6" 4' tall, with very broad shoulders. He had a military haircut, high and tight, which was slightly graying.  He was in terrific shape, easily going 240lbs, but cut and muscular.

He interrupted the ladies hug and embraced Penny himself, holding her tight. He let her go and turned his attention to me. He sized me up for a long moment.

"You must be the boyfriend," he surmised.

"Yes sir," I answered calmly.

"David Smith, welcome," he said, extending his hand.

"Thank you," I replied, shaking his hand firmly. He had one hell of a grip.

"And this is my mother, Patty," Penny introduced me.

"How do you do Mrs. Smith," I said, extending my hand to her.

"Welcome to our home," she responded, shaking my hand daintily. "Come inside."

We all stepped inside and sat at the dining room table. Patty excused herself for a few moments as we made small talk with Mr. Smith. It mostly centered around our surprise visit. When Patty returned she had a tray of glasses and a pitcher of iced tea. The talk was light, it seemed like they were avoiding the tension of the situation. A few moments later that started to change.

"Do you know Emma," Patty asked me, changing one of the paper thin topics we were discussing.

"I do," I admitted.

"What do you think of her," Patty pressed me.

"Dammit, Patty," David snapped at her. "Is this necessary? NOW? I haven't seen my Penelope in 7 years and you want to tear right into this mess. WHY?"

"David, shut up," she fired back at him. "I want to know what he thinks of her. If he is going to be in our daughter's life, I have to know what kind of man he is."

"I will answer, it's ok Mr. Smith," I relieved him. "I think Emma is a bright woman who is very good at business and has a good heart when it concerns those she cares about."

"Well, that tells me everything I need to know," Patty said.

She excused herself from the table and left the room. I wanted to apologize if I had said anything wrong, but I knew I hadn't. It was her issue. Still I felt uncomfortable as the last person who spoke. I was saved by the doorbell ringing.

Mr. Smith rose from the table and answered the door. Into the house came a well built guy, about 2 inches shorter than Mr. Smith but with the same haircut. Penny jumped from her seat when she saw him.

"Hello Pete," she greeted him. She strolled over and kissed him on the cheek.

"Hey Penelope," he retorted. "I heard you were home, so I couldn't wait to come see you."

"Yeah, news travels fast in the world of Patty Smith," Penny snapped.

"I still love you Pen," he pleaded. "Your momma knows that."

"How is Maggie," Penny asked sharply.

"We divorced last year," he confessed. "You are still my one true love Pen. I am glad you came home."

"I won't be here long," Penny scolded him. "She couldn't call you fast enough, could she?"

He finally looked towards me at the table. My presence seemed to catch him by surprise. I stood up and extended my hand to him. Penny took the lead.

"I'm sorry, where are my manners," she laughed. "This is Captain Peter Lewis."

"It's Lieutenant now," Peter corrected her while shaking my hand. "You must be Mr. Right Now."

"It's nice to meet you Lieutenant," I replied, swallowing my pride and the urge to call him a douchebag.

"Pen, you know you are the one for me," he continued, turning back towards her.

"Perhaps we should step outside, son," Mr. Smith beckoned me.

"Will you be alright," I asked Penny.

"I'll be fine," she confirmed. "I need to handle this."

I headed out the door with Mr. Smith. He took a seat on a rocking chair on the front porch of the house. I found it more comfortable to sit on the steps.

"I don't know what you said to get that little girl to come home, son, but thank you," Mr. Smith said to me.

"Sir, with all do respect, it wasn't me," I revealed.

"Emma," was all he said in response.

I nodded but said nothing.

"Son, I have made more mistakes than I care to admit with my family," he acknowledged. "I was a great soldier and continue to be a great husband, but I failed as a father. I am reminded of that everyday that she isn't here. I love her more than I can put into words."

"You don't have to be without her," I advised him. "She loves you and her mother. She is a strong, independent woman. Give her some credit and your trust and she will come back to you. She wants to be a part of your life."

"I am working on that, son," he confirmed. "In years past I would have thrown you out when my wife left that table. This is her issue and it cost me my daughter. That weighs on a marriage. I don't want to take side between them, but I am running out of days."

"Sir, why are you telling me this," I requested.

"Because even though I haven't seen her in 7 years, I know that look in her eye when she looks at you, boy," he disclosed. "She never looked at Pete like that. If you can bring out that sparkle and she chose to bring you here, you are special to her."

"Mrs. Smith wanted her to marry Pete," I questioned.

"Of course she did," he validated. "Speaking of which, I should go check on them."

He rose from his rocking chair and stepped inside. Several minutes later the screen door opened and closed again. I assumed it was Mr. Smith returning but was surprised to see Pete brush past me. He stopped on the walkway and turned to face me.

"I love her in a way you can't," he stated.

"I believe you, Pete," I recognized, looking up at him in my most unconfrontational manner.

"She will be back here without you one day," he continued. "Then she will be mine."

"That is entirely possible," I concurred.

"Don't you respect her enough to fight for her," he scolded me.

"Actually, Pete, yes I do," I acknowledged. "But I also understand that this is a not a situation where I need to fight for her. If you are her choice, now or whenever, then may god bless you both. I want her to be happy, with me or without. Your issue is with yourself right now."

Pete stared at me for a long moment or two. He then turned and walked away. I sat there on the steps. I heard the screen door open behind me and Penny sat next to me on the steps. She looked straight ahead when I turned to look at her. I went back to looking straight ahead again to avoid making her self-conscious.

"Let's go home," she pleaded. "This was a good first step. My father said some wonderful things to me inside. I feel a sense of hope that I have never felt before. Small steps."

"Whatever you want, I will do," I surrendered.

Mr. Smith came through the screen door and stood behind us. We both stood and turned to face him.

"Your mother isn't coming out of her room," he announced. "I will deal with her."

"I love you, daddy," Penny said. She stood on her tip toes and kissed him on the cheek. "We are going to go. I will call you and we can talk."

"I'd like that," he replied softly.

"Sir, it was a pleasure to meet you," I declared, extending my hand to him. "Please extend my thanks to Mrs. Smith for her hospitality."

"Son, I hope to see you again soon," he responded pleasantly, shaking my hand.

Penny grabbed my hand and led me to the car. I opened her door for her and let her in. I then proceeded to the driver's side and let myself in. We pulled away and Penny could not take her eyes off the house. I could not see her face but she was crying. She cried herself to sleep about 25 minutes into the ride. I picked up my cell and called Emma.

"How is it going," she answered quickly.

"It came and went," I advised her. "Her dad was happy to see her but her mom pushed some issues. It was a small step."

"Where are you," she asked.

"On the way home," I disclosed. "That's why I called. Where should I take her?"

"Where does she want to go," Emma inquired.

"She cried herself to sleep when we left," I informed her. "She is still out."

"Take her home, your home," she instructed.

"Will do," I replied. "Did you know about Pete?"

"Did he show up," she solicited.

"I am sure Penny will fill you in," I surmised. "Emma, why was now the time for Penny to go home?"

"Her father has cancer," Emma revealed. "He called me and said it was time. Actually he said it was long overdue. He was 100% right."

Emma hung up before I could reply. I drove alone in the darkness towards home, digesting the evening and this newest information. I glanced at Penny every few minutes, just to look at her beautiful face as she slept. I drove on, thinking the entire way home. We reached my house and I parked. I exited the car and opened the front door of the house. I returned to the car and opened the passenger door. I reached down and scooped Penny up into my arms. I closed the car door with my foot and carried her inside.

I took her straight upstairs and set her down in my bed. I silently exited the room and retrieved our bags from the car. I locked the front door and checked the house before heading back upstairs. I went back into my bedroom and looked at Penny lying there. She was almost angelic at that moment.

I leaned down and kissed her on the cheek. I turned to leave the room, content to sleep in the guest room tonight.

"Stay with me," she said.

I turned around without saying a word. I took off my pants and shirt, and then climbed into bed next to her. I held her close to me, her back to my front. We stayed like that for several long moments before Penny turned to face me.

"You were my rock tonight," she whispered. "I have never felt so safe even among such tension."

Before I could respond she leaned over and kissed me passionately. I was taken back but soon forgot everything as we kissed. Penny climbed on top of me as we continued to make out. I tore off her shirt and bra as our tongues danced in each others mouths. She leaned back and removed her skirt. I was swollen in my boxers now and she noticed.

Penny slid her panties off and pulled off my boxers as well. She straddled me and inserted my cock inside her. She was wet and warm, delightful. I groaned at how good it felt to be within her walls. She laid on me, chest to chest and kissed my neck.

"Thank you," she said softly into my ear.

She began to rock her body up and down on my rod. I was blown away by the subtle movements she made and the way it made my dick feel in her pussy. She rocked her hips slightly and intensified the pressure on my penis. She contracted the walls of her vagina around me and I winced with pleasure.

I kissed her on the mouth, very deeply as she continued to rock her body on mine, satisfying my member. As we kissed, I knew I was not going to last much longer. Penny worked her tight frame against my and brought me to climax. I did not hold back at all as I flooded her insides with my juice. Penny continued to rock on top of me as I shot wad after wad into her sweet spot.

When I finished, Penny lay still on top of me. I held her tight, not wanting to let go.

"I heard what you said to Pete," she confessed. "That was the sweetest anyone has ever said to me or about me."

"I didn't mean to get all psychological on him, I just spoke the truth," I admitted.

"I know," she confirmed. "That's why I love you."

"I –" I began to speak but she cut me off quickly.

"Don't say anything," she requested. "Just let that stay out there tonight."

We fell asleep as I was growing soft inside her. The ringing of the phone woke us. We were now on our sides and Penny was still tightly wrapped in my arms. I reached behind me and picked up the phone.

"Hello," I answered.

"It's Emma," she announced. "Have Penny get up and dressed. I am waiting outside to give her a ride home."

"Ok," I acquiesced. I put the receiver back on the hook, knowing she had already hung up.

I turned my attention back to Penny, who was still half asleep.

"Pen, Emma is waiting outside for you," I whispered to her. "It's time to get up and go."
