 I shouldn't bitch. I really have nothing to bitch about. I'm just feeling a little exhausted, and rightly so. I'm burning my candle from both ends and so my dick is sore and my ass is killing me. Like my Dad always said...nah, screw my old man, he didn't know anything.

I couldn't resist Elaine. The goat horns sprung from my head. I couldn't help it. Call it hormones. Anyway, she was a hot girl with a super-lush body that wouldn't quit. I was glad that with only a small percentage of stamina left in me, I gave her a jolly good orgasm.

But now, I'm paying for all the sex that is falling down on me like a mid-January blizzard. So what if I have sex with someone different every day of the week? It means absolutely nothing. So what if I'm fucking women younger than my daughters? To me, that's a blessing. Nothing against women my age, I'm just sayin'. Maybe I'm selfish but the fact is that I want to go like Rockefeller. In the saddle.

But meanwhile, I have all day until I meet Elaine for dinner at Favorita, which is just ten minutes away. I should get to work.

I spent the next three hours updating some clients, taking their calls, making new deals and just letting my ear get warm next to the phone. I swear, sometimes I feel like an overpaid shrink listening to all their nonsense. But that's part of the job and I learned that many years ago. Now I just listen while the clock ticks and bill them for consultation time. And they pay me. Why, you ask? You see, the thing is, I always deliver. I'm worth every penny I earn.

I was just finishing up some odds and ends when the doorbell rang. I saved my work and got up to answer.

The bell rang again as I opened the door. It was two Jehovah's Witnesses and they started right in on their pitch.

"Excuse me, let me go get my husband. He'll want to hear this, too. I'll be right back."

I closed the door and watched out the front window as they ran down the driveway toward the road. I smiled and went back to finish up.

A little later, when I was cleaning and straightening my home, the phone rang.

"Can I see you today?" was all she said.

It was my married nurse. I got a stiffy when I heard her voice.

"I have to meet someone at a restaurant at seven. What time were you thinking?"

"Like right now, like maybe a quickie. I have a two-hour window. Also I want to ask you something."

"Come over now." I could handle a quickie if I coated my dick with aloe cream.

I was on the deck watching a small herd of deer wending through the woods when she pulled up. "I'm back here", I shouted.

As she walked from her car to the deck steps, she was stripping off her nurse's uniform. "I got here as quickly as I good. I need you now." In just her bra and panties, she attacked me. I let her. I felt that I was there for her amusement. No, make that her relief. I was a fire hydrant, idly minding my business when the dog lifted her leg and rained golden showers.

She was ripping at my tee-shirt so I picked her up and carried her into my bedroom. I stripped down quickly.

"What do you want. Tell me."

"I want you to make me cum. Maybe I'm being selfish. Maybe I could have rubbed one out because I can't stop thinking about how much fun we had the other day. I want you to make me cum again. Hard."

"Okay. You asked for it." I pushed her back on the bed. "Take off your bra." With one swift movement, she did. "Now play with your tits. Pinch your nipples for me."

"Come on. Stop playing with me. Fuck me already."

"I'll fuck you when I want to, so shut up." I ripped her panties off. She gasped. "Is this what you want?" I jabbed a finger into her vagina. She gasped again.

"We have this arrangement a little skewed, I'd say. You don't call me and command me to make you cum! We're lovers, not master and commander."

"I'm sorry, Ray. I thought you would dig my role-play. I was feeling a bit frisky because I got this great offer and I wanted to tell you about it."

"Yeah, well not now. I have a job to do." I still sounded mean. I wanted to turn the tables on her.

I opened my night-table drawer and pulled out some long scarves. "What's that for?"

"For this, my dear." I wrapped one around her hand and tied it to the bedpost.

"Oh."

"Do you trust me?"

"Yes."

I tied her arms and legs so that she was spreadeagled. Her pussy was throbbing and maybe even writhing. "So let me take a close up look at the problem." I crawled between her legs and sniffed. Her sopping vulva was rife. She been in this state for quite awhile. "Aha!"

"Fuck me already!"

"Okay, that's it. I've had enough." I took another scarf, balled it up and shoved it in her mouth. "I told you, bitch, that I would fuck your cunt when I'm good and ready." She actually had a look of fear scrawled across her face. She loved it.

"Now, back to that dripping cum-bucket." I bent down and took a swipe. "Hmmm. Tasty."

I began to lick all over her crotch. Her taint, her ass, her asshole, all were available and open. I crawled around to get face deep into her. My semi-hard cock rubbed over her tits while I stabbed her clit with the tip of my tongue. She was rocking her hips so I moved into her hole and licked around the insides for a while. My cock was stiffening while I tit fucked her. I put two fingers into her and started rubbing her g-spot with a crooked finger. She arched her back.

I blew on her clit as I separated the lips. She arched again. I began to work on her clit. Carefully I lapped around it. Occasionally I sucked it between my lips and went down on it. She was rocking steadily as I felt her body's first shudder. It was easy to make this woman cum. I began to whip my tongue back and forth in concentrated flicks. She was cumming and cumming fast. She moaned through the gag. When I felt her close to the point of no return, I got off her and quickly spun around. I aimed my cock at her quivering cunt and speared her in one thrust. I pulled the gag from her mouth. "Oh fuck! Yeah. Fuck me." That's precisely what I did although I put up with some discomfort as both my penis and my jaw could use a tropical resort vacation. I felt her arch again. She let out a scream and began to pulse. It's a good thing she was tied down because all that energy seemed to channel down to her yoni...that's it, it was a yoga position! As I was clearing her chakras; her yoni was vacuuming them out and turning them to positive energy. There was a whole lot of positive energy bouncing through her body. I was just the valve. She was cumming hard and I held on dearly for the ride.

"Oh...oh-oh-oh...uh-uh...Holy fuck...ayieeeeeeeee."

Like it ain't over 'til the fat lady sings, in this case, the banshee wailed. And wail she did. I continued fucking her as she started to come down and slowly, I slid out. She was panting. I untied her and she drew fer legs together.

"Now that's what I was talking about...and I still have an hour left...to make you cum."

"No, that's okay. I'm good."

"But you haven't cum."

"No, that's okay. I'm resting him. Little Ray needs a break."

"Well, okay then. I hadn't realized Little Ray was so busy. Little Ray will have to wait." She got up laughing and headed to the bathroom picking up her clothes on the way. "You can keep the panties, Ray. They must smell great!" She definitely had a point.

As she sat on the john, she said, "Listen, there's something I want to ask you. I thought of you first. Maybe you want to do this..."

"Okay. What?"

"Wait a minute."

"Bring out the aloe cream, will you?"

She came out of the bathroom dressed. I was laying on the bed. She flipped me the aloe and I began to spread it around the shaft of my cock. "Let me see that." She inspected me and said, "You'll live. Stay off it until I see you again."

We laughed. "Not likely," I said.

"So here's the thing. I have an old, old friend at the hospital. He's a doctor and we've worked together for years. He's a sweet, good-natured guy. He's recently gone through a bad time...since his divorce. He's even taken time off from his practice. Well...so...I was thinking about waking him up and getting him out of his depression. He's got to move on. I decided I was going to give him a mercy fuck - now that's a big thing for me as we've always been friends and never had relations - close, a few times, but no. We've been flirting for years. So I was going to be his Angel of Mercy but then I remembered a conversation we'd had a long, long time ago."

"How old is he? I'm trying to get an image in my head."

"He's in his late fifties. He was married a long time, nearly thirty years. She was having an affair with his business manager and left him with very little. Not even a goodbye. He says that menopause made her crazy. Yeah, so, he's about six foot, in pretty good shape and handsome. He's very smart, too. Because he has a very good practice, he's building himself back but privately, I think he stashed some assets outside his marriage."

"And you've never had sex with him?"

"No, never. We've just talked a lot over the years and know each other pretty well. I know he'd die to fuck me. But I don't want him to just fuck me, I want to rattle his cage. I want to blow his mind."

"How so?"

"As I said, we had a conversation a long time ago...maybe ten years?...we'd worked O.R. for fourteen hours straight and we were beat. We were alone in a hospital lounge and it was the middle of the night. We had a talk where we spoke about our innermost fantasies. He told me that he always wanted a threesome. I laughed and told him that his fantasy was every man's fantasy and I expected more from him. Then he said he meant a threesome with another man. I could tell he was embarrassed and I told him not to be and that maybe he'd get his wish."

"So you want me to be the third?"

"I can think of no better. You'd make a great third. I want to surprise him and maybe bring back his confidence. Will you do it?"

"A noble cause. You want me to suck his cock? Do you want me to fuck him?"

"Naturally, I expect you to be your usual uninhibited self but I imagine that he might want to suck yours. And I want to watch. As for fucking him, it's possible. We'll see."

"You drive a hard bargain. I accept. When?"

"I'll let you know. It will be on my day off. This is great. I had to ask you in person. I knew you would agree."

She got up to head back to the hospital. She was all giddy. She gave me a kiss goodbye and took off. I lay on the bed and shook my head in disbelief. What luck I had. I looked over to the clock and saw it was just after four. I closed my eyes and nodded out.

About an hour later I woke feeling refreshed. I headed for the shower and proceeded to make myself beautiful. I trimmed my beard down low and shaved my balls and around the base of my cock. I did an application of aloe cream. I got dressed in my favorite laid-back outfit: A pair of old worn Ralph Lauren jeans (I bought when my wife and I separated. I banged her credit card. Fuck her.), a crew-neck tee shirt with a breast pocket, and my favorite well-worn comfortable sneakers. That's all. It was "dressed-up" for me.

It was now around six-thirty and I was getting ready to get ready. I checked my email, got none and didn't even get any spam. I rolled a couple of joints and soon rolled out to Favorita. Elaine hadn't arrived by the time I got there so I sauntered up to the bar.

"Hey Ray. I heard you and Rudy ripped the roof off The Driftwood." Bruce, the bartender, greeted me.

"We had a good time. It was fun. Pulled in a great crowd."

"Musta' felt good. What can I get you? The usual?"

"That'll work." He poured me a snifter of VSOP and set it front of me. I sipped a little, aerated it in my mouth and then let it slide down my gullet. I smacked my lips a few times. "Ahhhhhh." Sublime.

"Buy a girl a drink?" I turned to see Elaine. In the dim lighting of the bar, she looked radiant. She was wearing an outfit that addressed her curves well. Her hourglass waist accented both her magnificent chest and her heart-shaped saddle. Her blouse was unbuttoned just enough to make her cleavage bring back memories of a slot machine.

"What are you drinking?"

"Let me have a gin and tonic with Tanq and give me a couple of olives, please." I liked a woman who knew what she wanted. I was surprised. I thought for sure that she would come up with some silly trendy drink. "I like olives," she said.

We took our drinks to a small booth in the back. Even in the glow of the neon beer signs hanging in the window, she looked fine. I imagined that I looked like a zombie, but no matter. "I'm sorry I conked out on you last night."

"Oh, don't be silly. You were great. Even on autopilot, you were great."

"But did I leave you unsatisfied?"

"Oh no. I was plenty satisfied. Really, I was. You made me feel wonderful." She continued sotto voce, "in fact, I masturbated twice today thinking about you."

I was taken aback. "Well, gee. Thank you."

Shellie came by for our order. I ordered fajitas for both of us, some fried plantains and another round.

"Last night was terrific for me. I've heard Gabby's stories and I really hoped I would meet you sometime. I didn't know you were going to play with Rudy last night and so I was very surprised. You had me at "One for the money..." I think I fell for you immediately. I decided to throw caution to the winds. So, last night was a real fantasy satisfied. I have to thank you."

"I'm very flattered. I don't know what to say?"

The food came and we nibbled. "I want to do it with you again. I want to experience some of Gabby's stories. After a night with you, she would tell me all about the scene she'd had. I would rush back to my room and grab my vibrator. I want to do those things with you. That's my fantasy. For you to be my sexual mentor."

"Gee, that's a lot to take in. I don't know if this will work out, Elaine. I don't know if I want a full-time girlfriend right now."

"Oh, that's okay. I have a long-time boyfriend who works in the city and I don't see that much this time of the year. He doesn't know about this. I want to sow some wild oats before I get married. Is this so wrong?"

My mind was sorting this whole thing out, including all my other friends-with-benefits. How could she fit in? How could my dick handle it? I considered the offer. "I could handle a casual acquaintance, no-strings-attached. That could work." I just couldn't resist.

"I want to do lots of different things with you. I want you to introduce me to things I've always fantasized about."

"Like what, for instance?"

"You know, I may look like I get around but the truth is, you were my second man." She let that hang. She could see gobsmack dripping off my chin. "I mean it, it's true. I lived vicariously through my friends but could never get out there...er, make myself available. Gabby was my role model. Independent. Uninhibited. And now that she's gone, I'm doing it. I'm going out a lot and getting hit on a lot and sometimes I like it. Last night, I was trying to avoid this guy when I heard Rudy introduce you. I felt myself get wet instantly. I had to have you. Anyway, that's how it was."

I felt good about being this young woman's source of lubrication, in the big sense. I mean, who wouldn't. "So what can I do for you now?" I said, feeling tons of humility.

"I want you to take me under your wing. I want you to teach me things. All kinds of things. You asked me what I fantasize about. I fantasize about men, about women, about anal, about total lack of inhibition, like Gabby."

"I'll think on it. It's a very inviting offer. I'm thinking of lots of things." She reached under the table and stroked the outline of my now hard stiffy under my jeans.

"Ooh. Commando. Me, too." I liked this girl already.

"What say I pay the bill and we leave this joint?"

"To the hot tub again?"

"Maybe."

I was in charge now, with my hungry student in tow. I paid the bill and guided her to the back of the restaurant, facing the beach. It was dark now and there was a little chill but the silence was powerful. Under a moonless sky, the sky resembled a planetarium dome. We walked out onto the beach when I turned and pulled her close. She looked at me with anticipation. I bent my head and kissed her like in the movies. I pressed her against me. I could feel her nipples pressing through layers of cloth into my chest. I took her hand, "Follow me."

I pulled a joint from my pocket as lit it. She took it from me and toked on it. We walked about fifty yards to the surfer shack, unoccupied at this time of night, and sat down in the beach chairs in front.

I took the joint back. "If you're going to be my student, you have to trust me, you know."

"I do." She said confidently. "You come with a great rep and street creds. I trust you. Why?"

"Don't blow so much smoke up my ass. Seriously, I may ask you to do stuff outside your comfort zone. Nothing to do with pain, I promise you. And no bathroom stuff. Nothing that will hurt you, I promise. If you want, we can have a safe word."

"Like what?"

"I don't know. Like "Stop!" Stop means stop. Period. Also, I've had a vasectomy so you don't have to worry about any little surprises."

"I'm on the pill. What kind of things did you have in mind?"

"Like I'm thinking...and this just came up, there's no guarantee, but a girlfriend of mine wants to introduce her friend to a bisexual threesome..."

"You want me to be the third woman?"

"...him."

"Oh."

"I'm thinking of making it a bisexual foursome. Interested?"

"I'm so fucking wet right now. Jeezus! You're killing me, Ray. Of course, I'm in. Boy, there's no crawl-before-you-walk with you, is there?"

"Well, it is an opportunity that just arose. And if you have fantasies, why not satiate them. This isn't high school. This is the big leagues."

I pulled her into the shack where we tore into each other like the carnivores we are. We grabbed at each others clothes and were quickly naked. I pinned her against the wall and lifted her hips to meet my erection. I slid easily into her moist snatch. She pushed back against me and wrapped her legs around my waist. I pumped quickly. Several times, we fell away from the wall and I twirled her around on my cock like we were dancing. We were laughing, too, which made it even better. But I couldn't keep it going. With all the stimulation I'd had during the day, I was going to pop. I felt that tingle up my legs and pushed myself until my balls were tickling her taint. I began to orgasm but I wasn't coming. It felt like I was but I wasn't. My knees were shaking and my toes were curling. It was like a phantom cum. Elaine was panting, close to an orgasm but not there yet. I quickly pulled out and dropped her legs to the floor.

"Are we done?" She looked disconsolate.

"Done? Hell no!"

I got down on my knees and lifted her back against the wall with the legs over my shoulders. I began to lick her and she sighed. My hands held her ass cheeks and she was spread wide. I devoured her clit and she was writhing and cooing. She loosened up and I began to feel her dripping on my chin. I lifted her a little and began to drink from her well. Very quenchable.

I was getting uncomfortable so I sat down on a stool and had her sit down on me. Facing me, I could suck on that fabulous rack as well as suck face. She got into it immediately and with the feet on the floor, she began to rise and fall like the tide outside. The motion of the ocean and the notion that her devotion to her emotions made me rock in slow-motion. Only a rhyming dictionary could express this so well.

She was sweating. She was panting. She was moaning. Her every stroke up was long and slow, her return trip was slower. She was pressed against me skin to skin. Her nipples were like branding irons, searing my chest and staking her claim. The air smelled of the sea and was very still and quiet. Except for us.
