 It had been the week from hell for both of us. We both had problems in our individual and separate work places and as the week drew on and we both compared notes as we always did at the end of the day.

Living separately had its blessings, but it also had its pitfalls. One of the pitfalls was that in weeks such as this, we could not console each other personally and help relieve the stress and pressure of the week.

The easiest way to ease the stress was to make love, and Kiely and I made love on a significantly regular basis. It was fun, we enjoyed it and we were both in tune with each other's sexuality, and knew how to please our partner. But just lately I felt it had become routine, almost predictable. Don't get me wrong, it was still enjoyable and satisfying, but it was, well, predictable.

I still loved to watch her cum, it was something that I never got tired of. I loved to have her on top as she bounced up and down on my hard cock as I thrust up to meet her. I loved it when she reached down and played with her throbbing clitoris while I tweaked her nipples. I loved it when she looked down and directly into my eyes so I could watch her as she slipped seamlessly from orgasm to orgasm.

There are women who cum quietly, almost a little afraid to let go, and woman who can be vocal when they cum. Then there was Kiely, over the journey I had convinced her to tell me exactly what, where and how she felt, to describe her orgasm in detail as it was happening. One thing a man can't do is have a multiple orgasm, and I had always wondered what it was like.

Kiely was able to, through shortened breaths, describe how her body was flooded with orgasmic bliss and I particularly loved it when I looked into her eyes to share the enjoyment she felt.

With her on top, it was rare that I wouldn't quickly get to my near point of no return, and Kiely could always sense it and would reach back and fondle my cum filled balls, scratching gently with her fingers until she knew I was almost there. She would then hold them tight putting pressure on them until my seed burst from the confines of my scrotum and washed over the insides of her pussy.

Sometimes I would then take her doggy style which was not my favourite position, simply because I couldn't look at her, other times in the missionary position, or any other position you could think of. But with Kiely, definitely, on top was my favourite. 

After we finished, sometimes she would slide off me and down my body, kissing my neck, spending time sucking and licking my nipples, down my stomach and finally taking me in her mouth, licking our combined juices off my throbbing rod.

Despite getting a little bit older, I never had trouble maintaining an erection, it seemed that Kiely only need look at me sideways and I became rock hard, and in some inappropriate places too. I remember being in a supermarket, we almost had the store to ourselves and were in the fruit and veg section. We were selecting some apples when I just felt the urge to kiss her, so I did. It wasn't supposed to be a long loving passionate kiss as a precursor to sex but it became that as she responded. I had a quick look around and as there was no one within eyesight, I slipped my hand under her skirt and started to rub up and down her vaginal lips. I could feel her becoming moist and she protested that we shouldn't do it in such a public place. I told her to keep selecting apples and as her pussy was hidden from view by the height of the fruit stalls, I kept playing with her through her lacy panties. I only did it for thirty or so seconds, but I could feel the wetness soak through her knickers and smelt the aroma that only a pussy desperate for a long hard cock inside it can emit.

The trouble with all that was not that I could hide how significantly turned on she was. It was because I was wearing a pair of old track pants, and my erection was very obvious. For the rest of the store visit I had to stand right up against the trolley as I pushed it around the supermarket aisles. And it was made even more difficult because every chance that Kiely got, she would reach over and give my throbbing member a quick tug. At one point she whispered into my ear "My cunt is so wet, my clitoris is throbbing so badly and I will get my satisfaction in time, but I will make you pay a massive price for putting me in this position in a supermarket." She had a devilish look in her eyes and I knew that I wasn't going to be able to get rid of my erection until I had given her a good seeing to!!

We barely got in the front door when we got home before my cock was deeply embedded in her willing and desperately waiting and dripping pussy.

So whilst my ability to get and maintain an erection was a blessing it could also be a curse.

But the curse of getting old was the inability to have several orgasms in the one session. Back in the old days, I could always rock out two, on a good night three, and on a sensational night and very long session, four. At my age, I seemed to be restricted to the one, maybe two if I was lucky.

However on the nights when she had been on top, then after catching our breath, her slipping off me and sliding down my body eventually taking my hard cock between her luscious lips, I never had any trouble getting aroused again. She knew if I would be able to cum again, as I said it didn't happen very often any more, but she always knew and she would lick up and down my shaft whilst fondling my balls in her hand. If she felt I was getting close, she would lubricate her finger inside her dripping pussy, then reach under me and play with my arsehole, and then slide her finger inside fucking my arse with her finger.

The feeling was sensational and with her lips wrapped around my hood, one hand fondling my aching balls and a finger inside my arse, I would always end up coming. She would greedily suck the seed out of my pulsating cock. After making sure she hadn't missed a drop, she would sit up and show me my cum on the top of her tongue, then swallow it all.

Then just as she had done for me, I would then kiss her so we could share the taste, something that for her was highly erotic and would sometimes end in another fuck, and another orgasm for Kiely.

But despite all that, sex had seemed to have become routine, we had discussed it a couple of times, generally after a love making session, sessions that were always satisfying, but, well, routine and predictable.

So I thought I would do something about it and searched for something that might spice it up a little bit. So despite the stressful week which we had discussed over the phone during the last few days, I knew the weekend would be anything but routine, and anything but predictable. Kiely had absolutely no idea and when she asked on Wednesday night if I was coming over on Friday night, I said I wasn't sure and lied that a client was having drinks for a retiring staff member, so we had better keep it free.

It was all part of the grand plan!!

Kiely was always out of bed before 7 and I knew her routine pretty well. So on Friday morning, I rang her at 6 and she groggily and with a touch of annoyance answered the phone.

"Get up, we're going away for the weekend, you don't need to know where, but we will be flying out at 7 tonight and coming home Sunday afternoon, I'll pick you up at home at 5.30 so you will have to leave work early. Take carryon luggage only. Don't bother asking where we are going because you won't find out. Love you, always have, always will, see you in 11 and a half hours." And before she could say a word I hung up.

My phone rang and Kiely's name came up, I had predicted that, so I immediately sent the text message that I had already prepared.

"Good morning, just get your stuff together so you are ready when I arrive at 5.30 tonight. Don't bother asking questions because you won't get any answers. See you at 5.30." I received a message thirty seconds later that said "I hate you, you know I can't do secrets. My day will be hell with anticipation. Not sure whether to punish you or pleasure you ... or both. CU."

I grabbed a cab straight after work and was at her home at 5.30 on the dot and as always she was ready and waiting. One thing about Kiely, she could be things that sometimes weren't appealing, and she could be the most incredible goddess who ever walked the earth. But above all of that, she was always spot on punctual, every time.

We sat in the back of the cab, with Kiely directly behind the driver, and me on the other side. As we travelled along the driver wanted conversation so I was happy to engage him in talk about the current state of the football, the games last week and the upcoming games this weekend, who was likely to win and the ramifications of a loss in ladder forming important games.

At the same time I put my hand on Kiely's knee and slowly inched her long, free flowing dress up her leg and up her thigh until I had access to her pussy. She parted her thighs a little so I could get access to her panties and I started stroking her pussy lips. She leant her head back and closed her eyes as I continued to talk to the driver and pleasure her at the same time.

The driver was so wrapped up manoeuvring through traffic and trying to convince me that his point of view about a particular team was correct and that I was deluded if I thought my team had any hope of succeeding in what had been a fairly ordinary season in anyone's language, that he had no idea what was going on in the back.

I was hardly listening and fortunately he was happy to run the conversation so I was able to concentrate on pleasuring Kiely's now near dripping pussy. Her breathing was a little staggered as she tried to pretend nothing was happening. She slid down in the seat a little to give me greater access so I slipped my finger inside her panties and stroked her clitoris, which by now was throbbing.

The cab made quick time to the airport and surprisingly we were there in just over half an hour, so I had to leave Kiely in an almost orgasmic state to get out of the cab and a raincheck on that orgasm she was so desperate for.

With only carryon, we were in one of the airport bars with 45 minutes to go before take-off and were able to get in a couple of quick drinks before heading off to the departure lounge.

Kiely never said a word about the cab ride, and I knew that she was still horny as hell and desperate for her much wanted orgasm, and I knew she was going to seriously make me pay for the state I had put her in.

As we were finishing our drink before heading off to the departure gate, Kiely looked at me with a twinkle in her eye and said "You know you won't get away with that trick in the taxi that easily. I promise you, I will make your plane ride to where ever we are going a living hell. By the time I get through with you, you will be begging me to let you cum. I am dripping pussy juice, it is all over my pussy, all over my panties and running down my thigh, believe me when I tell you lover boy, I am going to make you wish you had let me cum. This is going to be fun ... well fun for me!"

And with that we left for the bar for our one hour or so flight with me wondering if I had perhaps gone just that little bit far. I loved to push her to the edge, but maybe this time may have gone a little bit far. At the supermarket, we were home in 20 minutes, and fucking seconds later. Here we had a plane ride, and another cab ride before she could get a good pussy pounding, and my Kiely never liked to be horny without action for that long.

We were lucky, the plane was only half full, I was on the window, Kiely was next to me, and there was no one in the aisle seat, and only one person across the aisle sitting in the window seat.

As we sat down Kiely smiled at me, it was the smile of the devil and I wondered what she had on her mind. I knew it could only be bad ... for me!

Just before take-off, she asked the hostess for a pillow and a blanket, smiling and telling her that she was so tired, wouldn't require any service and would have a power nap.

As the plane levelled out at altitude, the fasten seat belts sign went off, Kiely leant on her pillow, pulled the blanket over herself and snuggled into my shoulder. In doing so, part of the blanket fell over me and within a second her hand was rubbing my already stiffening cock through my pants. She gently stroked it, scratched the tip with her finger nails and as she did, she said "How's it feel lover boy? You know I have a choice, I could easily slide my hand down to my pussy and bring myself off in this position, and I'm sure it would be wonderful, but I would rather drive you crazy for an hour or so. Ain't payback a bitch" and then she laughed.

My cock was rock hard and I knew that there was little I could do other than sit back and enjoy it for what it was.

About 15 minutes later, the trolley came around with a snack and drinks. Kiely pretended to be asleep and the hostess looked at her, then me and smiled. I'm not sure if she knew what was going on but she whispered to me asking if I wanted a drink. I ordered a bourbon and coke, and then said to make it two! I was going to need it. While the hostess was passing the drinks, she grabbed by cock and squeezed it; I thought I was going to blow my load on the spot!

Kiely was always able to sense when I was ready to cum, and was able to back off at just the right moment. She took me to the edge several times and every now and again she would whisper "Ain't payback a bitch."

As we walked of the plane, Kiely looked at me, smiled, and asked "Did you enjoy the flight? I thought it was wonderful. From the bulge in your pants I'd say you loved it."

I said "This isn't funny you know."

"No darling, it isn't funny, it's HILARIOUS. Woman scorned and all that, I'll dine out on this for months." And then she laughed hysterically.

"You'll wet your pants if you laugh like that" I said trying desperately to hide my erection with the inflight magazine I had stolen for exactly that purpose.

"Wet my pants" she said, "They're still dripping wet from your little trick earlier."

When we got to the front of the cab rank, Kiely looked at me and said with a smile "you sitting in the back with me?" I looked at her and jumped in the front! She just laughed.

We arrived at the hotel in town and checked in. I thought it was time for some payback, so I said "Let's go and grab a bite." I knew she was still incredibly horny and wanted to get straight into it when we hit the room, so I thought I would tease her a little by dragging it out.

"How about we go to the room so I can freshen up a bit, it won't take long and we can dump these bags," Kiely said. There was a look of slight desperation in her eyes and I thought I had her on the ropes. She leaned into me and whispered in my ear "If I don't wrap my lips around the hood of your cock in five minutes, I'm going to fucking well burst!"

Kiely wins, she always does!

As we were going up in the lift Kiely turned towards me and started to suck her finger, simulating that it was a rock hard cock. She swirled her tongue round it, pushed it back deep into her throat and slowly pulled it out and as the tip of her finger came out of her mouth, she followed it with her tongue.

She wins ... again!

As we entered the room, she shut the door, grabbed me, pushed me against the wall, leant in and kissed me.

This was no ordinary foreplay kiss, it was almost primal, it was forceful, it was powerful and it was from a woman who was wanting to take charge, to control the situation. I tried to lift up her dress but she slapped my hands away, then reached for my belt, and with a great sense of urgency unbuckled it, then unbuttoned my pants, pulled down the zipper and pushed my pants and briefs over my hips. She wrapped one hand around my already rock hard cock and the other cupped my balls.

She pulled back from the kiss, and dropped to her knees. She kneaded my balls and looking directly at my cock, her face only an inch from the hood, she slowly pulled back and forth, jerking me off. She opened her mouth and breathed on me then moved her open lips over the top of my throbbing hood, short sharp sucks, then her tongue went to the underside, lips back over the hood, she tongued me up and down the shaft, still fondling my ball sack.

With the turn on of the taxi, and the significant attention I received on the plane, I knew I wouldn't last long.

"I'm going to cum soon" I said. She pulled my rod out of her mouth and said "I want your seed, blow in my mouth, let me taste you" she said and with that she pushed her lips back on top of my cock and then went down the whole shaft deep throating me. I could feel the pressure of her throat on the tip of my cock as she used her tongue to lick the underside.

After a few seconds I was done, she sensed it and pulled back so that all the pressure of her incredible lips were surrounding the hood where all the pleasure takes place during orgasm.

I held back for as long as I could, I held my breath so as to heighten the sensation as I felt my sperm surge through the length of my shaft and into her mouth. Her tongue was busy as were her lips and I started to buckle at the knees at the incredible sensations that were flowing through me. I was leaning against the wall and could barely stand as she kept sucking and licking long after I stopped shooting cum into her mouth, and the sensations were so intense I was torn between stopping her and just letting her go.

When she finally took my cock out of her mouth, she looked up and said "Now don't you ever be that naughty again, or you'll get more of the same. Now are you going to tell me what this trip is all about and what we will be doing?"

"Not yet, plenty of time for that," I said.

"Well in that case, let's get out of here and get a drink and something to eat."

"Don't you want me to help you with your own 'little problem'?"

"You have no fucking idea how wet I am, but I need food and I need a drink. So we can do that later." I knew she was telling me the truth about how wet she was because I could smell the odour emanating from her pussy and no doubt soaking her panties. It was a smell I never got tired of and one I liked particularly when I was sucking on her clitoris.

We walked into the empty hotel lift and two floors down we were joined by two young couples. Kiely leaned against me and leant her head onto my shoulder. I loved it when she showed that sort of affection towards me when it didn't, or couldn't lead to sex, it just made the moment more special.

As the lift doors started to open Kiely moved in front of me and I ran my finger lightly around the back of her neck. Her shoulders lifted, and I could tell she was still in a heightened state of sexual arousal and I knew it would drive her crazy. She turned slightly and said "Just remember what happened on the plane lover boy". The other people in the lift heard and as they exited in to the foyer, they whispered to each other and the two girls giggled. They obviously didn't know exactly what Kiely was talking about, but there was no doubt they got the general idea. I had to smile, Kiely had no idea what she was in store for her and I just hoped that she would like it!

As we walked through the front doors of the hotel I looked at my watch, it was 9.45pm and I wanted to get the meal over with quickly, get back to the hotel and get right into some what was going to no doubt be some incredible sex, then get a reasonable night's sleep which Kiely would need for tomorrow's surprise.

We went out the front of the hotel and I asked a porter if there was some place we could get a drink and something quick to eat. As I asked Kiely looked sideways at me with a wry smile on her face, she knew why I wanted a 'quick' meal and said "You know I'm hungry, very hungry, I could go a three course meal." Yea, not gonna happen was the meaning of the sideways look I gave her and as we got directions she slipped her hand into mine and we wandered down the road in the direction the porter had recommended.
