 This is the continuation of the Teacher and Lucy's encounter.

***

The next day started out rather normal and mundane; teacher's conference in the morning, mass shortly after and then the start of the academic day. No mention was made of me having a student after class so somehow I had managed to stay under the radar with yesterday's events. I concentrated on keeping Lucy in the back of my mind so I could carry on as I normally would. This of course became harder to do as the day grew short and the class that I had with Lucy drew closer. I began to recall the way she spoke and the feel of her tight ass clenched around my throbbing cock. I would have lapses like this in mid sentence and almost lose my train of thought. 

Finally the bell rang for the end of the period, one more to go. The girls filed out with the normal level of conversation. Quickly the next class trickled in. After clearing the work from the previous class off the board I posted the reading from the night before including new equations to test the girls reasoning abilities. The class settled in and the bell rung again for the beginning of the last class of the day. Turning around I quickly noted the absence of Lucy. Maybe she cut class or better yet was transferred. That could be a good thing. I knew I was committing career suicide having sex with a student, even one as unruly as she. I found myself feeling relieved yet slightly disappointed at the same time. I had a hard time remembering when I had felt so sexually alive. I didn't have long to wonder though. A loud voice in the hall outside the door announced her presence.

"I'm coming I'm coming!!!" 

It was defiantly Lucy and she was making it sound like she was in mid orgasm as she ran for the door.

"That's it baby I'm COMING!" as she flew into the class and stopped at the entrance. The whole class was staring at the door.

A few of the girls turned and were whispering to each other. Some were giggling.

"So! You girls think that's funny?" I began. Yes I was angry, but not as pissed off as I led the class to believe. "We can just disrupt class and that's great fun is it?" The class stopped laughing and returned their attention to me at the front of the class. 

"Jesus Christ!" Lucy started. "I was just making sure you didn't lock me out of the class before I got here. Sister Mary What's-her-name got pissed off at me for trying to sneak a smoke in the bathroom so I had to promise her on a stack of bibles I would never do it again!"

I turned and looked coldly at her and slowly spoke so that the entire class understood my anger.

"You, young lady, will NOT use the Lord's name in vain. Do you understand? I will not tolerate it! Now, you will come down here, sit and not disrupt my class again. If you do, I will have to bring the matter to the dean and I am sure he would agree that we could bring back a few of the punishments that have since been discontinued here." 

I stood quietly and stared at her, pointing toward her desk, waiting for my words to sink in. It would appear they did. Lucy pouted, then looked up to the ceiling and then dropped to her knees clasping her hands as if in prayer and said. 

"Oh God, forgive me for being such a bitch, and forgive the teacher for not having any sense of humor at all, he can't help it as he is a Eunice."

"That's enough!" I shouted back. "Take your seat and you will come see me after class!" 

The rest of the girls in class were speechless. I doubt they had ever seen anyone be so disrespectful to a teacher. Part of me really was mad. I didn't want this to get out of control. If the other teachers heard the shouting in my class they might feel the need to investigate. Lucy stood up and quietly moved to her seat in the front of the class. I had not noticed until now that she was actually pretty close to being within the regulation for her uniform. Her skirt wasn't excessively short like it was yesterday, but she was still wearing way too much makeup by the school standards and I could clearly see the deep red bra she was wearing under the standard white uniform top. She was quite a site as she pouted on her way to her seat. I was finding it hard not to feel aroused as I watched her come closer. I quickly diverted my attention to the board and began the class and administered the exam. I made it a point not to look at her at all through the whole class. I didn't want anyone to see me steeling glances at her. The class seemed to fly by and before I knew it the bell was ringing for the end of the day. All the girls shot up to leave and I shouted the homework assignment to them as they readied themselves to leave. Lucy alone sat in her chair. It was good that her back was to the class so they could not see the wicked grin that played across her face. Once the last girl left I turned toward her and kept up the charade. 

"Now, young lady, to my office!"

Lucy stood, and picking up her backpack, moved toward my office as I followed. I watched her as she walked. "She did have a wonderful ass!" I marveled to myself. As we entered my office I turned and locked the door behind me. When I turned back around Lucy was facing me. 

"Hey there hot stuff." She walked back toward me and put her arms around my neck, drew her face close, and placed her lips on mine. I gave no resistance as she pushed her tongue into my mouth. Our tongues met and explored each other's mouths with hot animal passion. I could feel my cock growing rapidly as she pushed herself against me. Lucy then drew back looked at me, and bit her bottom lip for a moment. "I have a little surprise for you." She stepped back to where she had dropped her bag and opened it, then pulled out a long black clump of material. I had no idea what it was.

"The real reason I was late was I found a way to borrow this for our little encounter." She unrolled the cloth and before my eyes produced one of the nun's habits. 

"Figured this might spice things up a bit!" She said grinning.

"Where did you get that?" I was a little concerned at first.

"Oh, you worry too much. One of the sisters is away, visiting her family or something. She won't be back for another week. I broke into the sisters dressing area and borrowed it. Don't worry; no one will know its missing." 

"Well, I don't see why you would feel the need to..."

Before I could finish Lucy had unzipped her skirt and dropped it to the floor. Next she pulled her white uniform top off. She stood for only a moment wearing just the red bra and matching panties, and black knee high stockings. I was only able to admire her for a moment as she quickly stepped into the nun's habit. She turned from me and rummaged through her bag for a moment and placed the headpiece on, securing it around her face. She stood and placed a pair of black spike heeled shoes on and turned around. What a sinful sight to behold! Lucy was far and away the most sexual looking nun I had ever seen. The image before me was almost too much for me to bear. 

She took on a very serious face, lowered herself to her knees and placed her hands together as if to pray, like she did in class.

"So good sir, if you wouldn't mind, would you please see to it that my holy pussy receives the proper fucking it so desperately deserves?" 

The fact that she spoke so dirty only made my cock throb harder. It took only a couple of steps and I was in front of her. She looked up at me, dark smoldering eyes, and deep red painted lips framed in the classic white and black of the nuns' habit. She remained silent, awaiting my next move. Letting the animal urge in me take over I quickly unfastened my belt and pants. 

"At last, I am to sample the sacrament of your flesh?" She said licking her lips.

I allowed my actions to be my response. I pushed my pants down, releasing my turgid 8 inch hard-on. Grasping it at the base I pointed it at her mouth. Needing no coaxing of her own, Lucy bent slightly forward and I one smooth motion engulfed my cock in her hot mouth. The sensation was more than I could describe. My head flew back and I moaned loudly. I wanted to fill her mouth with my load right then and there, but did not want to feeling to end so quickly. Lucy held my cock firmly between her lips, sucking it without moving her head back. I placed my hand on the top of her head and pushed her back, or I should say, tried to push her back. She resisted me, keeping herself pressed on my cock, sucking and swirling her tongue around the bottom of my shaft. It was everything in me not to shoot my load down her throat. Again, I tried to push her back and again she resisted my efforts. 

"Not yet." I hissed through clenched teeth. This time I closed my fist over the material that covered her head. I could tell I had her by her hair. Pulling her back with force this time she finally yielded and drew back until my cock wetly popped from her suctioning mouth.

"The Lord giveth and the Lord taketh away." Lucy said half moaning half sighing while she dabbed at the corner of her mouth with the sleeve of her habit.

Without speaking I pulled her up by her hair and habit. A slight squeal escaped her lips as she rose to her feet. Keeping my grip I pushed her back, directing her to the front of my desk. Clearly enjoying the position of power I had she moved slowly as I forced her backwards, grinning wickedly. Lucy kept her hands in the position of prayer the whole time, only feeding my lust. Finally she stopped, pinned between the large desk and me. I had kicked of my pants as we moved back leaving me in front of her with only my shirt on. My cock stood between us like a steel rod.

"What is it my Lord wishes?" She playfully inquired.

"Open your robe and you'll find out." 

Fire danced in her eyes as she locked them on mine. Reaching to the bottom of the robe she took the two-way zipper between her fingers and pulled it up. She slowly let the zipper travel its track, allowing its feint hiss to fill the otherwise quiet room, thus revealing her most un-nun like under garments. She was truly a sight to behold. She stopped just below her heaving breasts. 

I could wait no more. Just the sight of her was enough to make me shoot all over her robes. I placed my hands on her legs and pulled them apart, opening her sex to me. Reaching down I pulled the red material of her panties to the side, reveling perfectly shaved mound and dripping wet pussy. I could feel her hand on my cock, grasping it firmly and pointing the tip toward her. She quickly lifted one leg up and wrapped it around my waist. I felt the heel of her foot against my ass as she pulled me toward her. I watched as my thick cock inched toward her pussy; my heart was racing in anticipation. Finally the tip touched her lips and a long moan escaped Lucy's lips. 

"Ohhhhh, this is going to feel heavenly!" 

I could not have agreed more! Slowly our bodies merged as I relished the feeling of her wet tight cunt for the first time. Her walls surrounded the tip of my cock as I eased forward. I could feel the muscles in her pussy spasm as I very slowly allowed more of my thick shaft to enter her. I kept my eyes on our merging bodies the whole time though I could feel her eyes on me. I was about half inside her and started to pull back out.

"Don't you fucking dare pull out!" She growled. "Don't you tease me now, fucker. I need that cock and I need all of it!" 

I smiled to myself and pushed back toward her. Again my cock slid wetly into her willing pussy. I watched in awe as her glistening lips opened around my shaft. I brought my hands to her hips and Lucy brought her other leg up and wrapped it around my waist. Then she pulled me closer, so that I was buried deep in her. Looking into her eyes all I could see was raw animal passion. Her mouth was slightly open and she was breathing through it in shallow breaths. She looked like a woman possessed.

"Fuck this little nun till she can't move." She hissed. "I want you to punish me for being the sinful little whore that I am!"

Her words drove me over the edge. I withdrew all but the tip of my cock and then rammed it back in while she pulled me to her with her legs.

"Uhhh, yeah baby, fuck me just like that!" she moaned as my heavy balls slapped against her.

Pulling back again I rammed into her hard, again and again; gaining a steady hard rhythm as I piston-ed in and out of her tight little pussy. I could feel her juices on my thrusting shaft and could hear the wet sounds of my balls slapping her loudly as it echoed off the walls. It was so hard for me not to cum. The sight of her legs wrapped around my waist, dressed as a nun pulling me into her pussy with each thrust was almost too much. 

"Mmmm, Lord fuck me!" she kept moaning this over and over.

"Lord fuck me, Lord fuck ME!" 

My cock felt bigger and fuller than it ever had before. I pulled my hands from her waist and took her head in them, pulled it to me and kissed her long and hard. She kissed back like a demon, forcing her tongue into my mouth and grunting with each thrust. Our pace quickened while we kissed. Lucy reached between us and pulled the robe above her breasts. Pushing the bra above them she placed her pierced nipples between her fingers and twisted them. Between that, my cock pounding into her, and our kiss she succumbed to her orgasm in a loud Moan.

"Gooooooodddddd! Uhhh, I'm cumming!"

Lucy bucked against me in her orgasm. I could feel her pussy tighten around my shaft making it impossible for me to go on much longer. I could feel that familiar tightness deep in my stomach as my orgasm approached. Lucy stopped for a moment and pulled me into her as tightly as she could. I was buried deep inside her as her orgasm ebbed. Somehow I managed to keep from cumming for the next few moments but know I wouldn't last long. Lucy opened her eyes and locked them on mine once again.

"Now you are going to give me the sacrament of your seed. But I want to taste that sacrament." 

I couldn't speak. I was seconds from cumming. Lucy quickly released her grip on me with her legs, placed her hands on my chest and pushed me back. My wet cock slipped from her soaking pussy. Pushing me back and hopping off the desk at the same time, she dropped to her knees and took my cock in one hand, pointing it at her upturned face. There she knelt, with my cock in front of her face, waiting for my orgasm. She didn't have to wait long. One stroke of her hand and a quick flick of her tongue on the underside of my cock and my cum was rushing up the shaft of my cock like a freight train! I could feel my heavy balls tighten as the load traveled up my shaft and then shoot from the tip of my cock. The first shot almost went over her head, landing on her forehead and habit. The next spurt, just as strong, landed on her face. Lucy opened her mouth and pulled my cock to her lips and held them open slightly. My orgasm rolled over me now and stream after stream of white hot cum shot into her hungry mouth. I filled her mouth quickly. Cum dribbled from the corners of her mouth as she tried to keep up with the steady stream. All the while her eyes never left mine. I could hear her gulping as she swallowed as much of my seed as she could. 

Finally my orgasm subsided as the last of my load dripped from the tip of my cock. Lucy continued to hold me in her hand and lightly sucked the tip coaxing anything else out that she could. After a moment she pulled back and brought a finger up, pulling my left over cum from the corners of her mouth back to her lips. Looking up at me with a smile as a trickle of cum dripped from her head to her nose she said. 

"Now that's what I call getting baptized." 

I pulled her up to my face and closed my lips over hers, tasting my cum as is mingled in her mouth. Lucy moaned as we kissed hard; tongues dancing together in lust. After a moment I was suddenly brought back to reality by a sharp pain in my bottom lip. Damn! She bit me! I pulled back suddenly looking back into her smiling eyes.

"Don't get soft on me prof. Treat me rough and I'm yours to keep. Turn into a puss and I'm gone!"

"Well young lady, you'll have plenty of time to see what I'm like. Your little outburst today earned you after school detention for one week. Pray I don't make it longer."

A smile played across Lucy's lips. "Mmmmm, I kinda like the sound of that. What do you have in mind for my punishment?"

"You're just going to have to wait till tomorrow to see." 

With that I backed up, and motioned toward her bag.

"You can go now." Is all I said.

Lucy changed back into her uniform and stuffed everything else back into her bag. She then took a moment to make herself presentable then walked to the door. Before leaving she turned and said,

"Until tomorrow professor...or should I say master?" 

"Master will do." I replied.

With that she disappeared through the door.