  Chapter 17 – Testing

The phone rang again to wake me from my sleep. Emma had picked Penny up about an hour ago and I had drifted back off. The ringing of the receiver startled me, but I gained my bearings and composed myself.

"Hello," I answered.

"You did a good thing last night," Leslie declared on the other end of the line.

"It was tough," I admitted.

"I know, I am sure it was harder than you care to say," she agreed. "I have your next assignment."

"Nope," I countered, not sure where that disobedience came from. "I think it's time for me to give you an assignment."

"Oh really," she replied in quite a startled tone. I had startled myself as well. "And when did you start making the rules?"

"Now is as good a time as any," I snapped back at her. I was conflicted about the game and my feelings for Penny. Where were these selfish words and angry tones coming from? "I am doing a lot of work and performing above and beyond here. I am the only man in this game and I should have a stronger hold on it."

"If that is what you think, then ok," she conceded simply. I felt empowered. "What is the assignment you have for me?"

"After my performance last night, you should come over to my place and reward me tonight," I informed her. I could not believe my own words. Where did I get the nerve? What the fuck was I doing?

"What time would you like me there," she inquired pleasantly.

"Be here at 6," I instructed her and then I hung up the phone, angrily. Revenge for every time any one of them had hung up on me.

What the fuck was wrong with me? I did not know why I went on that tirade. I knew it was not right nor was it part of the game. Then I stopped for a moment to think. Why did Leslie go along with it so easily? Maybe I was right, I did need a stronger hold on this game and she knew it. Of course she knew it; all I did was cater to the women of this game. I needed to take a stand and I did. I bet it turned her on. My ego was out of control at that moment.

I slept some more and then showered. I threw on a t-shirt and some gym shorts to hang out in, I didn't have anyone to impress. I did nothing productive for the day. Before I knew it, 6pm had arrived and the door bell rang promptly. I answered quickly to find Leslie right on time.

She had on black wrap dress which was very thin, almost transparent in places, and black pumps. She was not wearing a bra as far as I could see. Her makeup was done to perfection, cherry red lips and bright blue eye shadow. She looked great and I was going to enjoy this. She came inside and kissed me on the cheek. I was the man.

"It's nice of you to be so punctual," I stated as we headed to the living room.

"You deserve it," she replied in a sultry voice.

We sat on the couch and I leaned in to kiss her, but she pushed me back playfully. She stood up and walked to the TV.

"I want to watch a movie first," she announced.

She pulled a disk from her pocketbook and put it in the player. I turned on the tube and watched as the movie began.

"Something to set the mood," I asked.

"Oh, I think it will keep you on the edge of your seat," she conveyed.

The movie began and it appeared to be a home video. I recognized Leslie's bedroom on the screen and the camera was focused on a chair in the middle of it. From the left side of the screen, two bodies entered the frame and then came into full view.

There was Leslie, in the same tan, floral bathrobe Mindy had worn in the video I filmed of her and Penny, and with her was Brad. What the hell was going on? Brad had on a blindfold. He was wearing a striped golf shirt and jeans. I watched anxiously, looking between the TV and Leslie, who was still standing and smiling. What the fuck?

On the video, Leslie proceeded to undress Brad, tearing his shirt over his head and tossing it aside. His jeans were discarded along with his boxers. His cock was rock hard and standing straight out. Leslie stroked it several times and then led him to the chair. She sat him down, facing the camera and secured his hand behind him. His hard dick was staring straight at me.

I was confused. What the fuck was this? I could not take my eyes off the screen. Leslie made her way over to sit beside me on the couch. The video continued. Leslie stepped in front of the camera and dropped her robe. She had on a green lace bra and matching green lace thong panties, to go with a tan garter belt attached to tan thigh high stockings. Silver sandals with a 5 inch heel were on her feet. She looked outstanding. My mind raced at a pace that was worthy of a NASCAR track. I was jealous of not being in that chair. Why was Brad there? Especially after what he did to Mindy. Why wasn't that me? I am the man in the game. FUCK!

She turned towards Brad and put her right foot in his lap. She ran her foot and heel along his shaft for several moments. Brad moaned slightly. This was bullshit. Leslie moved around behind him and grabbed his cock. She began stroking it rapidly and then she slowed down. It appeared she whispered something in his ear.

I turned to her as we sat on the couch together and she smiled. I turned back to the video to see Leslie now step in front of the chair and grind her ass onto Brad's lap. She was giving him a lap dance like non I had ever seen. How he didn't cum as she ground her ass onto his bear pole I will never know. Leslie moved back behind the chair after several minutes of the lap dance and stoked Brad's pole again.

This time, she never stopped. Her pace was furious and violent. Brad groaned and moaned. Leslie pounded his pecker viciously and he started shooting cum like crazy. He rocketed 5 or 6 thick streams in the direction of the camera and left the remains of his batch all over Leslie's hand. Leslie finally let go of his tool when he had relinquished all his batter and she moved towards the camera. Then the video ended with a black screen.

Leslie stood up and walked back over to collect the disk from the player. She turned to face me.

"I know you are confused, you have been through a full range of emotions, but make no mistake, this is my game," she broadcasted in tone that was as harsh as she had ever been with me. "Don't ever test me again."

I sat there in silence as her voice was unforgiving.

"As you see, you CAN be replaced," she reminded me firmly. "Don't force my hand."

"I am so sorry," I whimpered.

I was crushed, my ego bruised and my head was spinning as I looked at her and listened. What had I done? I felt ungrateful and truly selfish. More importantly I felt like a hypocrite. I had give Leslie a majestic speech on what the game was and what it meant. Now I was treating her as if she and the game owed me something. I was disgusted with myself and I think she saw that all over my face.

"You have been wonderful so far," she admitted as her voice softened. "More than I could have ever expected. What you did last night was beyond words. So I will let this mistake slide. No penalty. No harm, no foul. I know you won't make the same mistake twice."

I looked at her, as humbled as I had ever been in my life. She walked over to me and kissed me on the cheek gently.

"If you ever pull anything like this again, I will let Brad stick it everywhere," she whispered. "Even places you haven't put it yet. So, let's move on from this ugliness. Ok?"

I looked up at her, with shame in my eyes. What in the hell was I thinking? I wanted to go back a few hours and change the mess I felt I had made.

"I wish you would have taken your assignment today," she continued. "I was gonna do something really special for you. Maybe another time. We will get back to normal tomorrow. Be ready at noon for your next assignment."

She turned and began walking towards the door. I saw her disappear through it while I sat there on the couch, motionless.

What a dumbass I am sometimes.