 With one last thrust I pushed down onto Vicky as she lifted her hips accepting my sperm into her vagina. Moaning with pleasure I looked into Vicky's eyes and saw she wanted more so I pushed back against her pubic mound. Feeling the heat from our sex it only took a few movements before Vicky started to respond, gradually her forcefulness increased and the muscles of her vagina squeezed my now wilted manhood. As we ground out our love her passion built until I felt that familiar sensation around my penis, waves of pleasure carrying my sperm deep into her womb. Sated we stopped, hot and sweaty, we held each other close. I pushed against Vicky again to see if she wanted another orgasm but there was no response. Instead, smiling to me, she gently lifted one leg, this was our secret language, and I knew it was a gesture to move off her. Slipping easily from her wet vagina I rolled away to lay next to her on the bed. The air was perfumed with our sex, and as the early morning light streamed through the light weight curtains Vicky looked gorgeous. Her naked body was flushed from our efforts and covered in a fine sheen of perspiration. I felt love and we spooned together talking quietly, coming down from that physical and emotional high.

The morning had started somewhat normally for a weekend. After waking we showered and then went back to bed on the pretence of enjoying the closeness. But our naked bodies soon generated arousal and it wasn't long before my hands were dancing over Vicky's body. What followed you know about. Vicky and I have been together for a long time, and we're intensely happy about this. The love we feel adds to our lives in so many ways both emotionally and physically. However, it has meant that sexually we've tended to fall into something of a rut. As we both work long hours we rarely have sex during the week, let alone make love, and so the weekends tend to be something of a sex fest with a lot of focus on orgasm. Don't get me wrong this is no bad thing and as we lay there the conversation moved around to this subject.

'Bob, are you happy with the way we make love?'

'Sure, I think your fabulous and really I enjoy the intimacy. Why, don't you?'

'Yes, it's just I sometimes think that it would be good if we weren't so intent on having sex, and just spent longer leading up to the event.'

'Yeah, I know what you mean. I'd like that too, but it's hard. Just today as I was starting to massage your calves and thighs you reached down grabbing my cock and pulled it towards you. Don't get me wrong this isn't something I want you to stop, but it's also something I'm not going to be able to easily resist. It's not every day I look down on a naked lady, legs open wide, who's encouraging me to unleash a load into her willing vagina.'

'Sorry, it's just you feel so good inside me. Especially when you first push into me, that just feels yummy!'

'Yeah, I know that but why don't we try something different like…..'

That was it then, after a little more discussion we came up with a plan. This weekend we'd continue with our normal sex fest. Next weekend was out, as it was Vicky's period, but the weekend after offered opportunities. The plan was to resist the urge to shag like to newly acquainted teenagers and build the anticipation through a number of simple rules. On the Saturday in question the following would apply: 1)Up until noon we could kiss and cuddle, but we had to remain modestly clothed and there would be no touching of our private parts. 2)After noon, and up until 2 in the afternoon we could be naked in each other's presence, but again there was no touching of the other's private parts. 3)Between 2 and 4 we could touch each other intimately. But it wasn't until after 4 o'clock that we could have full penetrative sex.

In the event that it all got too much for either of us, if somebody said 'Homemade Apple pie' then these rules were to be thrown out of the window and we'd be able to fuck like rabbits. But, the forfeit for that person would be to cook dinner, and do the dishes every day for a month.

Now this may sound complicated, but if you think about it everything is pretty straightforward and if we can remain disciplined will lead to something of a climax.

Once this plan had been set something immediately changed. For the first few days, in the lead up to Vicky's period, we had sex twice even though it was a working week. Believe me this was virtually unknown, and on occasion we hinted to each other that we were trying to image what we could do, within the rules, to, let's say, encourage, the other on the Day.

The weekend before the event, we were 'forced' into not having sex as it was that time of the month. So, as always, we used this as an excuse to have some free time to ourselves. Vicky went shopping whilst I beavered away in my garage, which I used as a workshop. The weekend came and went, and as the following days past there became almost a palpable feeling of excitement and anticipation about the events of the coming weekend.

On the Friday evening we sat together watching a film with a glass of wine, just unwinding from the week, hardly talking the excitement was that great. By now my balls were really full, and a couple of times I thought I'd say 'Homemade Apple pie' right at the start just to off load. The forfeit seemed a small price to pay. And I could tell things were not going to be easy for Vicky either.

As we both normally sleep naked this had to change. So that night I wore my underpants and Vicky wore a loose fitting white T-shirt and a pair of panties. This change of habit, or the anticipation meant that we didn't drop off as quickly as normal and just when I was thinking about going downstairs to make a cup of tea when I awoke to a beautiful sunny morning. Saturday had arrived. Vicky was still asleep even though it had gone 10, laying on her back with the covers thrown back, obviously hot unused to the extra layers. Golden hair framed her face and cascaded over her shoulder. Immediately, I felt my pupils dilate and noticed a stirring down below. Outlined by that loose white T-shirt Vicky's breasts rose and fell in a slow almost hypnotic rhythm. Moving my eyes down her body the hem of the T-shirt had been drawn up to reveal her flat and slightly tanned belly. Following a faint line of soft downy hair I was greeted by the sight of her plain, pale pink panties lifting slightly where they stretched across her hips revealing small caverns leading to the heart of her femininity. One leg had been bent slightly, opening her thighs and I could see where the material was covering that groove which I so want to explore. Everything in my world was silent as I took in this exquisite image, everything that is except for the sound of her breath which was as gentle as the sound of waves on beach at the end of a hot still day.

By now I was harder than I thought I could ever be and that forfeit was beginning to seem like a pleasure. But I held back, today was going to be special for us, and to use it up so soon would be unfair.

Rising from the bed I moved to the en-suite and took a shower, after towelling dry I put on clean underwear and returned to the bedroom. Vicky was awake. I knew she liked being woken in this way (it was a perk of having been together so long) it was something to do with knowing I was there and yet being able to remain snug in bed.

Smiling I jumped onto the bed and finished towelling my hair which I left sticking up all over the place when I dropped the towel on the floor. Reaching up Vicky ran her hand through my hair smoothing it out and then pulled me down to her for our first morning kiss. Effortlessly I slipped back under the covers and pulled her to me. Rules or no rules she couldn't fail to notice my erection and I was pleased to notice a slight pressure coming from her. Our early morning kiss turned into a passionate embrace and I was soon laying between Vicky's legs my manhood pressing against what must have been her moist vagina.

'What next? Ready for some Apple pie?' I casually asked pulling back with some effort from the urgency we obviously felt.

'Nothing's NEXT, yet. That is unless you are ready for some dessert?'

'Not me, I could go all day.' I lied. 'Anyway, nothing much has happened, just a morning kiss.'

With that, Vicky raised her eyes and bucked her hips pushing onto my erection. Laughing I rolled away and Vicky got up to take a shower. Not wanting to be tempted be the aroma of her body as she stepped out of the shower I went down to get breakfast ready. Whilst this was cooking I left the curtains closed at the front of the house but opened the curtains that covered the windows facing out on the back garden. As it was one of those crisp spring mornings I turned the heating up a couple of degrees, no point in having to cover up because of it being chilly. Hearing the shower stop I finished preparing breakfast and took everything through. Vicky came down the stairs and breezed into the breakfast room with an airy 'Morning'.

Turning back from the window Vicky sashayed past me wearing nothing but a white sports top and high cut white panties. As she moved past me her hand ran delicately across my stomach, she must have been able to feel the butterflies in there caused by the sheer excitement she'd generated.

'Morning.' I replied. 'That new? Those things you're wearing.'

'Oh these, yeah, picked them up last week whilst out shopping. Do you like them?'

With that Vicky stood up and pivoted first to the left and then the right, showing off the line of her thigh, hips and breast in the most delicious way.

'Like them? You look terrific in them.'

'Good, what's for brekkie? I'm starved'

With that she sat down and tucked in, but I could still see her pert breasts pushing at the material and her erect nipples gave away just what Vicky was feeling. Clearing away the dishes was electrifying. As we moved between the table, the kitchen, and the cupboards there was a lot of subtle contact. A hand brushing here, bodies contacting as we moved through the doorway. Once my hand accidentally brushed across the front of Vicky's panties and I had to argue for several minutes that it was by chance so as to avoid invoking the forfeit. It had been accidental, but boy did it feel good. After this we had a few weekend chores to do. Not the most romantic of activities admittedly, but watching Vicky stretching ensured my manhood remained erect; and on more than one occasion I noticed Vicky eying me her face alight with hidden excitement.

By now the time had moved on and when we finished it was close to noon. Suddenly I picked Vicky up and carrying her through our fresh, clean and tidy house moved to the lounge. Once there we 'fell' onto the sofa into each others arms. Our mouths met and soon I felt her tongue urgently duelling with mine. After a moment the urgency stopped and I gently started to kiss down from her face. Light butterfly kisses leading from her neck down her arms to mouth and suck on each finger in turn. By the time I worked back up and down the other arm her breath was coming faster and my cheek was barely an inch from her heaving breast. Holding her hand in mine I sat back and moving in such a way so as not to break contact I trailed my finger tips lightly down her body and onto her long legs. 

We sat at opposite ends of the sofa, legs entwined, almost wrapping around each other's hips. Looking at my midsection Vicky laughed gently to herself, my underpants were struggling to contain a considerable bulge and there was a significant wet patch where my pre-cum had seeped through the material. Normally, even when erect, I was only 7 inches long, something that I occasionally worried about, but today I seemed to have grown beyond this. Vicky started to move her hands up my legs, sometimes almost like a feather's touch, and at other time hard using her nails to scratch. Each time she would trace a path up the front of my leg across the inside of my thigh moving unbearably close to my balls and then back down to my foot. This was undoubtedly having the desired effect on me and after a while she moved to balance my leg on her now raised knee. 

My head was thrown back, eyes closed, blocking out all sensations other than touch. Massaging the ball of my foot or running her fingers either side of the tendon at my ankle sent waves of pleasure through my body. But then I felt my toe become engulfed in a warm moist heaven. As she sucked on my toes her tongue danced lightly. At this I almost succumbed it was all that I could take and I started, almost involuntarily to move my hips in an imaginary fuck. Slowly Vicky brought me down, not abruptly stopping, but easing off my feet and then moving up my body to run her hands over my torso and shoulders. Taking her hand I brought it to my mouth and kissing her palm opened my eyes. Vicky's face was alive, her eyes were wide and her cheeks flushed, it appeared that the massage had been almost as pleasurable for her as it had been for me. It was almost like we'd had an orgasm without cumming.

By now it had gone well past 12, and I was amazed at how easy it had been to keep to our rule book. Yes there had been a couple of moments, but nothing a little self restraint couldn't overcome and already the benefits had been immense.

Neither of us were hungry as I think we were too caught up in another essential bodily function, and for a moment we didn't really know how to proceed. But as with all best parties events seemed to evolve in a natural way.

'Are you OK?' I asked. 'Your neck looks a little red, I should have had a shave this morning, sorry.'

'No that's fine, you are a bit of a sharpy face, but it's not too bad.'

'Today, I don't want it to be 'too bad', I'll go and shave now.'

'No, I don't want you to go, I'm feeling very close, and don't want to be alone.'

'Well, I wont be long and besides you could always come up and watch.'

So we went back up stairs to our bathroom. I let the water run hot, and then soaking a face cloth let it rest on my skin for a moment. The steam clouded the mirror so Vicky, who was stood beside me drew a smiley face and then wiped it clear. It was obvious that she wanted to be a part of it. Not so much a part of it, as interacting with me, sharing the activity. As I lathered my face, I asked Vicky if she'd like to shave me.

'No, I might cut you.' She replied.

'Go on, you wont cut my. Besides, it wouldn't be the first nick I'd had shaving and you can always kiss it better.'

After a little more persuading Vicky agreed. So she brought in a chair from the bedroom and I sat on this head tilted back against the vanity unit, it almost felt like a barbers shop. Except for the fact that the person about to shave me was a beautiful blonde wearing nothing but a sports bra and panties. Momentarily I thought of the business opportunity, but I had other more pressing matters on my mind. I explained how she would need to pull the skin taught and them move the razor in the direction the hair grew. Standing next to me Vicky pulled on my face and slowly moved the razor. Looking into her eyes I could see total concentration, as I started to smile, she froze. 

Gradually my face became smooth. Rinsing the blade between each stroke she did first one cheek, then the other but didn't feel comfortable doing my neck as she didn't feel comfortable with the access. Telling Vicky to move until access wasn't a problem she found that the only was she felt in control was to stand in front of me. Up until this point my penis had been laying quietly within my underpants. But now with provocation things began to stir again. Vicky was standing with one leg either side of my hips shaving my neck. It was as if I could feel the heat radiating from her vagina. When I made some flippant comment, she stopped and looked down. 'Why, don't you take those off, it is after 12 and by the looks of that you'd be more comfortable.'

'I can't, I'm sort of stuck here until you finish, but it would feel more comfortable. Besides, I don't call that fair. It would mean that I was naked whilst you still had two pieces of clothing on.'

With that Vicky stepped back and swiftly removed her bra before taking the band of my underpants in her hands and simply said.

'Up!'

So I lifted my hips and she peeled off my only piece of clothing. Leaning down very close to my erection she lifted the material away exposing me to her sight. I could feel her breath and twitched at this small relief. A string of pre-cum ran up from the tip of my penis. Giggling she moved back into position saying.

'My, we are excited, no wonder you aren't bleeding, all your blood is in one place.' 

As she finished shaving me I had to hold my penis upright so that it didn't touch her thighs or anything else in that region. Once finished my face was washed and dried and whilst this was done I couldn't resist pulling back the foreskin to expose a severely swollen cock Staying seated I slowly started to masturbate in front of Vicky. Something which I never normally did. Vicky's response was to knell between my legs watching closely as moved up and down my engorged prick. Looking down I could see her exquisite breasts and soon felt my balls begin to tighten.

'This isn't exactly fair you know.'

So, Vicky sat back against the door and slipped her hand down the front of her panties. I could see her finger move down her groove and saw her body tense as she touched her lips.

'Show me, show me your cunt.' I said.

With that Vicky slipped off her panties revealing her blonde bush and spread open her legs. Seeing one and then two fingers firstly disappear and then reappear glistening with her female juice I started to pull back hard on my foreskin. Looking across in to Vicky's eyes there was sheer lust. As her fingers continued to move in and out spreading her lips we masturbated in time. Suddenly I reached the point of no return and groaning felt a wave build from deep in side of me through to my balls pushing my seed up into my pulsating penis. I released with such force that my cum arched up into the air and fell on Vicky's breasts and belly. Even after I came I continued to masturbate squeezing the last remnants of cum from my prick.

Vicky looked at me momentarily and then collected my cum from her body and rubbed it into her vagina. As this touched her delicate pussy lips she rode her fingers and reached out to take the remnants of my sperm in her other hand. This she lifted to her mouth and swallowed just as she started to cum.

We sat looking at each other, slightly shocked and surveyed the scene. There was a slight wet patch on the carpet between Vicky's legs and a line marking the trajectory that my semen had taken. We were both red and breathing heavily.

Making no effort to cover up or clean up we moved to the bed and snuggled. Feeling my now flaccid penis stick wetly to Vicky's arse cheeks we dozed the springtime sun warm our bodies.

After some time we awoke from our semi-sleep and hugged. As we lay together the feel of Vicky's body started to arose me once more and my erection pushed its way between her thighs. Feeling the sticky warmth of her womanhood, and the coarseness of her pubic hair caused me to pulsated gently at her entrance. Like a car revving at the lights, but although we'd slept it was not after four.

Instinctively our hands started to roam over our naked bodies and it was not long until our passions were fully aroused. On impulse I rolled on top of Vicky and pushed her legs open whilst pinning her hands above her head. My penis rubbed along her hot groove but I was careful not to penetrate. Smiling she thought I was about to give in but that was not what I had in mind.

'Close you eyes, and keep them closed.' I whispered and rose from the bed.
