  Chapter 18 – House Hunting

I awoke Sunday morning with a splitting headache. After Leslie had left me, I spent the rest of Saturday night drinking by myself. I was a mess of emotions. I was so disappointed in how I acted I couldn't bear to be alone with my thoughts. I filled myself with beer after beer trying to drown the anger and pain inside. Bad idea.

The light of the sun through the blinds was making my head throb. I dragged my ass out of bed, telling myself I deserved this and it was punishment for being stupid. I grabbed a bottle of water from the fridge and went to work out. I ran, biked and threw the weights around in a strenuous workout that seemed to make me feel better. Every time I slowed down I reminded myself how angry I was and I pushed my workout harder.

When I was done, I headed right for the shower. I let the water fall over me and tried to wash away my misdeeds. I was sorely disappointed in myself. I finished the shower and dressed casually, not sure what Leslie had in store for me today. I was ready well in advance of my noon timeline, so I sat patiently and waited for whatever it was that was to come for the day.

It was about 10 after 12 when the doorbell rang. I answered it quickly and to my surprise found Brooke standing there. I opened the door and ushered her into the house. She looked phenomenal, wearing a royal blue tank top and white spandex skirt that fell midway on her thigh. She looked delicious as that skirt hugged her ample bottom and started to spring me to life. Her shoes were 4 inch thin heeled black peep toe pumps. I could not believe how amazingly put together she was. She was holding a folder that I barely noticed as she stepped through the doorway. She kissed me on the cheek and led me into the dining room. She placed the folder on the table and sat down. I sat across from her and waited for today's assignment.

"I have good news and bad news," she said. "Which would you like first?"

"You decide," I submitted.

"Ok, good news first," she announced. "This house is sold. I got you 20% above market value. You are quite welcome."

"Wow, that's a great job, thanks," I admitted. "What is the bad news?"

"Bad news, right," she continued. "The bad news is that Leslie and Emma have decided that you need to find a new place to live, so we will be hunting for that today. Not the ideal way to spend a Sunday, but such is life."

"It won't be so bad," I contradicted her. "I get to spend the day following you around. I can't complain about that."

"If you play your cards right it could be more than just following me," she giggled. "I should tell you, Leslie and Emma decided that you will be renting an apartment for now. So I have two places for you to look at today."

"Why do I have to rent," I inquired.

"Leslie and Emma decided that is the best course of action," Brooke informed me. "This will allow the sale of the house to be finalized and the all of the divorce actions to be executed. Then they have plans for you after that. Trust them."

"I trust them completely," I stated.

"Good, let's go then," she urged as she stood up from the table.

She turned and headed for the door. I followed her closely, locking up after us as we exited the house. I threw my shades on and hoped in to the passenger seat of Brooke's car, a white, convertible 2 seat BMW. It was sharp and she looked hot driving it. She tore out the driveway and we headed to property number one, with the top down. I was growing increasingly hot for her as we drove.

We reached the first apartment complex rather quickly. As we parked, I watched Brooke wriggle her tightly wrapped ass out the car, enjoying it thoroughly. I followed her up the walk to a ground level apartment. She unlocked the front door and guided me through, room by room. It was small and plain, smelling of fresh paint. I looked around but was unimpressed. I hated the thought of renting.

We exited after a short tour and headed up a flight of stairs. We entered a second floor unit in the same building. After another short tour, we exited that apartment as well. It had the same layout as the one below it and I was again disappointed.

"Doesn't seem like much for the money," I stated as we walked back to the car.

"It's really not," she replied honestly.

"So, that is our whole hunt for today," I inquired.

"That is all I have to show you, yes," she confirmed.

We climbed back into the car and drove away from the complex. I noticed Brooke taking a different route than we had traveled to get there. Soon after, we pulled into a nice, new townhouse complex.

"I thought you had nothing else to show me," I repeated back to her.

"I have no other rentable properties to show you," she insisted. "But I may have a deal that suits your style of living until Emma and Leslie put the next phase of their plan for you into effect."

"Oh really, tell me about this deal," I urged her.

"I will do better than that, I will show you," she declared.

We pulled into the driveway of one of the end units and Brooke opened the garage. Only the end units appeared to have driveways and garages. The row of townhouses appeared to contain 6 units. The garage door closed behind us as she put the car in park. 

"Let me guess, your place," I surmised as I stepped out of the car.

"Good guess," she said. "It's nice. I think you will like it."

I followed Brooke inside and on a guided tour of her home. It was very nice, everything was new. There were two bedrooms, one was currently being used as an office but had a couch and a television in there as well. I was impressed and wondered what deal she could have for me. We stood in the kitchen and I finally got the nerve to ask her.

"So, what deal are you proposing," I inquired.

"Why don't you move in here," she proposed. "I have an extra room."

"Is that an option Leslie and Emma will consider," I wondered aloud.

"I can be very convincing," she indicated.

"What do you get out of it," I wanted to know.

"Your cock, anytime I want it," she boasted.

"I am not sure that is in the rules of the game," I insisted.

"Leslie will have rules, but it will be worth it," she explained.

"Ok, pitch it to them then," I agreed.

"Great," she exclaimed. "Let's go."

I followed her back into the garage and was walking past the hood of the car towards the passenger side when she stopped me.

"I need a deposit," she declared.

"How much," I asked.

She moved from the driver's door towards where I was standing in front of the car. She looked up at me and grabbed my cock through my pants.

"As much as you can give me," she growled. "Right now."

She grabbed the back of my neck and pulled me to her. She kissed me passionately. I was hard as a rock already because of how hot she was; now she was molesting me vigorously. I stood no chance.

"Fuck me, here and now," she insisted.

I reached around her body and lifted her onto the hood of her car. I undid my belt and dropped my pants below my knees. Brooke had hiked her skirt up and exposed her pantiless pussy to me. I could not wait to be inside her. I place one of her legs over each of my shoulders and penetrated her box.

She moaned as I entered her firmly. She was wet enough to receive me with no resistance. Her pussy felt better than I could ever remember one feeling. I pressed into her twat with my rod and withdrew slowly. She gasped. I pushed in again slowly, teasing her. She looked at me desperately. I extracted slowly.

"FUCK ME," she screamed.

Brooke was not about to wait for me to follow her orders. She lowered her legs off my shoulders and wrapped them around my waist. She used her legs to draw me into her mound. I began to lose balance as I penetrated her. I grabbed her legs from around my waist and unwrapped them. I held an ankle in each of my hands and spread her legs wide to each side, opening her gash widely to my bone.

I rammed my pole back inside her fiercely. I pulled back and rocked into and out of her snatch. I increased my speed and pounded her sweet spot relentlessly. I entered her over and over until she was writhing on the hood of her car. I used her thighs for leverage as I continued to spear her pussy with my cement shaft. I loved the feel of her soaking wet, soft pussy lips and walls on my dick. The more I thought about it while fucking her, the closer I was to cumming.

I slammed her with my cock until she could take no more and began screaming in delight. I continue to press into her as she wailed through her climax. I thrusted again as she shrieked. Her orgasm subsided and I pumped faster. My scrotum tightened as I propelled myself into her twat again. I withdrew and shoved my shaft into her again, only this time I exploded. I blew rocket after rocket of cum into her box. I filled her pussy with every drop of jizz I had in me.

When I had finished Brooked sat up and forced me backwards, causing my cock to fall out of her. I pulled up my pants and buckled my belt. She climbed off the hood and situated her clothing before getting into the car.

"Was that enough of a deposit for you," I asked.

"It will do," she expressed.

I climbed into the car and she pulled out of the garage. She drove the short distance to my house and pulled up in front. I got out of the car and closed the door. I looked at her, still blazing hot in her sexy car. I could have fucked her again right then.

"I guess I will wait to hear from you," I said.

"Start packing your shit for storage," she instructed. "This is a done deal."

She pealed away from the house and down the road.

I liked having her in the game.