 Ben meandered up to his front door and fumbled for the correct key in the dark, this would usually have irritated him but tonight nothing could take the smile off his face. Ben had finally plucked up the courage to ask out one of the girls on his music course. Ben had been watching Jill for some time now but was not good at this sort of thing, she had, in the end, made things easy for him and suggested that they go and see a film sometime, so all Ben had to do in the end was to give a day and hour to 'sometime'. Creeping quietly upstairs to his bedroom in order not to wake his parents, Ben thought about the events of this evening. 

Ben had picked Jill up from her mums house at 7.30pm, she was not quite ready but Ben suspected she was just making him wait like always seemed to happen in the films, this prompted ten minutes of awkward silence with Jill's mum, although Ben noted that it was this parent whom Jill had inherited her good looks from. Jill stood at about 5'10'' with beautifully wavy dark brown hair and pale skin. Prominent cheek bones stood out on her slender face. Jill was a keen tennis played which no doubt explained her incredible physique, muscular thighs, a flat stomach, 34 C breasts and an ass...

"Hey you!" Jill stood at the top of the stairs and Ben could only stare at her short skirt and low cut top. "You OK?" Jill laughed.

"Yeah sure. You look a..a..a..Amazing!" Ben stuttered, his nerves getting the better of him, wondering if he had bitten off more than he could chew.

"You scrub up pretty well yourself" complemented Jill, also the first time that she had seen her date out of work uniform.

"You ready to go then?" inquired Ben.

"Hell yes!" replied Jill flashing Ben a grin.

Bens' nerves were quickly put to rest as he was reminded of the qualities which had drawn him to Jill; they talked easily to each other and were soon at the cinema. The film almost seemed incidental and was certainly not uppermost in Bens mind as he could only think about the beautiful woman sitting inches away from him. About halfway into the film, Jill adjusted her position in the seat, sliding down and at the same time, reaching out and interlocking her fingers with Bens. Although his first reaction was to freeze, Ben turned his head slightly and returned Jill's white smile.

The movie finished and the pair walked back to Ben's car hand in hand. Just before they reached the car, Jill stopped walking, turned to Ben and looked into his eyes. Their lips seemed drawn to each other and they were instantly engaged in a passionate kiss, their tongues entwined and their hands tightly clasped around one another's face. It was Jill who disappointed Ben by breaking the kiss and walking around to the passenger side of the car.

"Come on then!" urged Jill to a more than slightly frustrated Ben who had to walk carefully to conceal the tent that had now formed in his trousers. Ben got in the car and resigned himself to dropping Jill off and getting an early night.

They pulled up at the house and Ben noticed that none of the lights were on.

"Well I've had a really nice time..." Ben began.

"Had?" remarked Jill with a mischievous grin on her face, "My mum won't be back from work for hours."

As soon as they were in the house Ben and Jill began to kiss passionately, without breaking contact, Jill directed Ben to her downstairs bedroom. Ben ran his hands over Jill's firm breasts and could now feel her hard nipples poking through her bra and top, he kissed her neck urgently. Jill raised her arms in order for Ben to remove her top and then hastily unhooked her bra to allow Ben access to her mounds and her pink nipples. Jill moaned as Ben attacked first one and then other breast, rolling his tongue around the nipples and then gently taking it between his teeth. 

Jill abruptly pulled back and pushed Ben hard onto her bed; she continued to remove Ben's shirt, undoing each button agonisingly slowly and each time pausing to plant a kiss on Ben's muscular chest and torso. Finally Bens shirt was off and Jill, using both hands undid the button and fly on his trousers. Jill slipped her hand down Ben's boxer shorts and gasped in surprise to find his 9 inch cock straining to escape its cotton prison. Jill crawled up on top of Ben, keeping her hands down his trousers and kissed him urgently, then snaked her tongue down his chest and ripped stomach, and then in one go pulled the waistband of both his pants and trousers down to his knees, leaving him feeling suddenly exposed. Jill again looked deep into Bens eyes as if for encouragement, all Ben could manage at this stage was a gasp as he inhaled fast as he felt Jill's warm soft lips around his head. Jill was obviously an expert at sucking cock and was soon bobbing up and down at a fast pace, cupping Ben's balls in one hand and using the other to slide up and down his shaft. 

"I don't think I can last much..." but it was too late and Ben exploded deep within Jill's warm throat, but she kept on going, pumping the last of Bens hot seed from his throbbing member. Jill looked up at Ben and deliberately took a large swallow, she then moved up and kissed Ben who could taste himself on her and he noted it was quite an erotic feeling.

"My turn?" remarked Jill, almost questioning and almost knowingly as Ben smiled at his opportunity to return the favour, he rolled Jill over onto her back and she raised her hips in the air in order to allow Ben to pull down her skirt. Leaving Jill's black lace panties on, Ben began to kiss up Jill's inner thighs very slowly and just before reaching the top, began at the bottom; this caused Jill to wriggle with desire at the teasing she was receiving from Ben's hot kisses. Before long Jill could take no more and groaned as she took Bens face between her hands and guided him to her awaiting epicentre of longing. Ben could see the outline of her slit through her panties and ran his tongue from bottom to top and tasted her sweet nectar. 

Jill bit her bottom lip hard as se stifled a moan. Ben then moved Jill's sopping panties to one side and revealed a well trimmed snatch which was pink and engorged. Ben planted a lingering French kiss in the middle of her quivering mound, parting her labia with his index and second fingers. Frustrated with the lack of access, Ben slid Jill's panties over her hips and down to her ankles and picked up a pillow from the bed, placing it under Jill's ass, giving him easier access and a tremendous view of her gaping snatch. Jill moaned as Ben located her clitoris and clamped his mouth around it, gently sucking her most sensitive of areas. Ben continued to suck Jill's hard bean and simultaneously worked a finger up her tight cunt, then another, he slowly drew them out and then thrust them back in, causing Jill to moan and buck her hips as she experienced her first wave of pleasure rippling through her being.

"Enough, baby I want you inside me!" Pleaded a flushed Jill.

More than happy to oblige, Ben looked down to see that his member had been blessed with a new lease of life and had returned to its erect state, with his foreskin as tight as pair of lycra shorts. Ben reached down to his trouser pocket on the floor and quickly withdrew a condom from his wallet; he carefully rolled it down the full length of his shaft which was now pulsating with a beat of its own. Ben looked up and was greeted by the beauty of Jill laid back on the bed with her legs apart revealing her pink slit, shiny with her juices. This was more than Ben could take and he suddenly thought he might cum right there and then, but regaining his composure drew his body on top of Jill's and kissed her deeply. Jill opened her eyes suddenly and reached down to take Bens cock in her hand and rub it up and down her faff. 

Ben began to gently thrust his hips forward and backwards and felt the head of his penis enter Jill which caused her to gasp. Jill began to make small motions with her hips, bringing them up to meet Ben's movements and before long, half of the 9 inches was in. Dissatisfied with this, Ben suddenly thrust forward in one hard motion and inserted his full length into Jill's cunny, she cried out in a mixture of pleasure and pain and put her hands on Ben's tight ass, pulling him away and then pulling him back inside her hard. Ben continued his thrusting, and both his and Jill's breathing became more rapid. Before long, Bens pumping began to slow down as he felt a familiar feeling building up inside his balls.

"I think I'm almost there" whispered Ben.

"Me too" replied Jill

With one final thrust, Ben exploded into his condom, Jill felt the warmth of Bens seed being released and raised her head to kiss Bens neck.

"That was amazing!" exclaimed Jill as Ben withdrew and collapsed beside her.

Ben was awoken by the sound of Jill's' mum turning her key in the lock, Ben began to panic then remembered he was on the ground floor, he planted a soft kiss on the cheek of the sleeping beauty in her bed and quietly raised the window up, squeezed out and lowered the window back down, making sure he heard the lock click back into place behind him. He hoped that Jill's mum had not noticed his car still outside the house. Ben quickly opened the driver's door, started the engine and drove home, although he felt that he was flying. He knew that he would be seeing a lot more of Jill from now on.