 It was something like a dream. I was coming home late from work, tired and frustrated from the job, basically moving by memory, no thinking, just moving. I thought about my girlfriend and her words to me on the phone, "Hurry home, I'll be waiting for you." Nothing exceptional there, except the way she said it. There was a hint of mischief in her voice.

I got home, put my briefcase on the kitchen table, and thought about grabbing a beer from the refrigerator. Music played, jazz, smooth, sexy, warm and relaxing; it was perfect. I called out my girlfriend's name, but got no answer. Her car was in the driveway, her house keys on the kitchen table; she was home. 

I went up the stairs toward our bedroom. I smelled jasmine, soft and sultry in the air; she was burning candles. Something tingled at the base of my spine and danced on feathered feet up my back giving me a delicious chill, anticipation. Our bedroom door was partly ajar, I saw the flicker of a candle on the dresser, otherwise the room looked dark. I loosened my tie and slowly pushed open the door.

She was on the bed, sitting up, the rose colored sheet was pulled across her torso, with her naked legs and breasts exposed. Her mouth was open, but it wasn't to speak, it was an expression of excitement. I noticed movement under the sheet, as her left hand was under the cover rubbing on her pussy. 

Even in the semi-darkness of the room, I could see that her nipples were hard and I could smell her sex in the air. 

She pushed the sheet aside with her right hand and I could see her fingers, wet and slippery, slide over her clit and into her pussy. "I was starting to think I'd finish before you got home." She said breathlessly.

"Sorry I'm late." Was all I could say.

Three fingers disappeared into her pussy. She pulled them out slowly, letting her hand drift over her stomach, across her right breast and up to her mouth. She opened her mouth and inserted those same three fingers, sucking the juice off of them. "I'm very horny." She said when she had finished cleaning her fingers. "I need your hard cock."

My hand fumbled with my belt as my cock nearly burst through my pants. The pants hit the floor and I pushed down my briefs exposing my raging hard on. I watched as her left hand went back to her pussy. My shirt and tie came off in a flash and I saw her body tremble with excitement.

I approached the bed as she edged toward me so her face was even with my cock. She was wearing lipstick, shiny, bright, and sexy; she licked her lips as she looked up at me. Without a word she engulfed my cock with her mouth. The moist warmth of her mouth felt wonderful around my hardness. Her head bobbed up and down as she moaned sending vibrations over my shaft. I put my hand on the back of her head and pushed my cock deep into her mouth. She gagged a little, but continued on, bringing me to edge of climax. She stopped and looked up at me. 

"I like sucking your cock and tasting your cum."

"I like fucking your mouth." I said as she licked the pre-cum from the tip of my dick.

"Fucking." She said the word slowly, as if she could taste it's meaning and wanted to savor every vowel and consonant. 

She rolled to her stomach and I could see her ass had a glisten to it. I realized she had lubed her ass for me. It was something we did on occasion and it turned her on greatly, but she had never initiated it before. She pushed her ass up in the air.

"Fuck me in the ass, baby. Fuck my ass. I really want your cock in my ass."

I thought I'd cum right then and there. I looked down at her body, her perfect ass, her tits pressed against the bed, her mouth open with anticipation. I knelt on the bed behind her and placed the head of my penis against her opening. She pushed back against me with a loud, animal moan. I pushed back and watched the head of my cock slip inside the tight hole. I had never slipped inside her ass so easily.

She pushed back against me and I went in deeper. She moaned louder. I reached a hand around to her pussy and felt a wave of juice wash over me. I started rocking my hips slowly, going deeper and deeper with each movement insider her ass. 

"Oh, yes." She moaned. "Fuck my tight ass honey. I want you to fuck me good."

Pretty soon we were rocking together, not too fast and not too deep, but fast enough and deep enough to send us both to the height of ecstasy. After a couple of minutes she reached a hand back and held it against my thigh. 

"Not yet, not yet. I don't want you to cum just yet."

I pulled my cock from her ass and started to rise from the bed to get a washcloth. She turned and handed me a washcloth that was wet. "I don't want you to leave."

I cleaned my cock off while she watched me. Her hands cupped her breasts and squeezed them gently while I finished cleaning. She lay back on the bed and spread her legs as I set the washcloth down.

"Want to taste me?" She asked with a wicked grin.

In truth, I wanted to slide my cock deep into her wet pussy and start fucking her like there was no tomorrow, but I owed her. I nodded agreement and positioned my face between her thighs. I kissed her inner thigh and made circles around her pussy with my tongue. My tongue glided over her clit with a light lick that made her quiver. 

"You taste so good." I moaned as I opened my mouth and covered her pussy.I began sucking on her tender lips as my tongue darted in and out of her wet hole. With a long lick, I moved up to her clit and clamped my teeth lightly around it. I pulled back just a little and began licking her ever-hardening clit with the tip of my tongue. She started to squirm and her hips started to buck like I was fucking her. I licked harder and let my teeth glance over her clit and soon she was moaning louder and louder and I knew she was on the verge of cumming. Her pussy was wet and hot as I continued to focus on her clit. Suddenly she spas med, her hands grasped my head and pulled my face tight against her pussy as she groaned loud and long, her body shaking with the force of her orgasm.

Now she was pulling me up, trying to grab my shoulders and hoist me on top of her. "Fuck my pussy! Oh, fuck my hot pussy."

I held off for just a second to tease her, the head of my cock glancing over her mound. "Do you really want my hard cock?" I asked.

Her hands went to my hips as she worked to pull me into her soaking wet pussy. "Fuck me now. Oh, I want your cock. I want your cum. Fuck me now."

I plunged inside of her and sank in as deep as possible as another wave of ecstasy poured over her. She shook with excitement as she started to rock her hips into me. I began pumping her flooding wet pussy with my hard cock in long, hard strokes, my hips slamming into her wide spread legs granting me complete, deep access. She was moaning loud and long as we fucked. Occasionally she'd moan, "Harder. Fuck me harder." As if she just couldn't get enough. 

"You like my hard cock in your pussy?" I asked breathlessly, my hips still pumping against her in fast, staccato rhythm. 

"Your cock in my pussy," She moaned between breaths, "my ass... my mouth."

"You want to taste my cum?"

"I want to taste us." She moaned. "I want to taste your cum...and my pussy together."

I loved it when I pulled out of her pussy and came in her mouth. I loved it when she talked dirty to me like she was doing now, telling me what she wants. I was more than excited, I was somewhere beyond ecstasy, beyond thought; everything was just pure action and sex. 

I felt my orgasm rising in my cock. I felt it swell and my balls tighten as I looked down at her waiting brightly colored lips. I pulled my cock from her pussy and rose up so I could cum in her mouth. She rose to meet me as I started to cum. The first shot went across her chin and into her hair, but the second spurt she took in her mouth as her mouth covered my pulsing cock. I looked down at her colored lips wrapped around my dick and heard her moan as she swallowed my cum. I pulled back, cum dripping from the tip of my cock over her lips and down to her chest. She swallowed and smiled up at me as I shot a small amount onto her stomach. 

Completely spent, my legs and arms trembling I fell to my side in the bed next to her. She sighed contentedly, and wrapped an arm around my shoulders pulling me closer to her. I kissed her and fell back as my cock spasmed lightly and my body shuddered from the overflowing excitement. The room smelled of musky sex.

"I just wanted to give you something special today." She said after a minute and we'd both caught our breath.

"This was amazing." I said. "You know just what I like."

"I'm always eager for you. Eager to please you, to be pleased by you."

I reached out and pulled her closer to me and kissed her cheek. "I can't imagine sex being any better or more exciting."

She smiled that wicked smile at me, "Oh, I've got a couple more ideas you might like." She wiped the small strand of cum from her chin with her fingers and licked them clean.

I knew, as I'd always known with her, that she was perfect for me in every way. It was something like a dream, only better, not a fantasy, just pure, plain, wonderful reality.