  Chapter 19 – Fall Semester

The next two weeks passed in a blur. I was boxing stuff at home and moving things to storage piece by piece. Brooke had pitched her idea to Leslie and Emma and it was apparently well received. I was moving stuff in over there, small things, but I was not allowed to spend the night until Leslie laid down the rules. So I was waiting on that meeting to happen.

Emma called me to let me know that my divorce agreement had been signed by Judge Franklin and was 100% final. Brooke was keeping me in the loop on the progress of the sale of the house and what the timetable was looking like. Penny even sent me an email to tell me she spoke to her dad on the phone and they had a wonderful conversation. She seemed very pleased by this turn of events. Unfortunately, Leslie had yet to contact me to go over the rules for my temporary stay at Brooke's place. That was wearing on me.

Saturday arrived and I awoke early, looking forward to an exciting day of packing my shit. Thank god the work week was over, but I hated moving. I planned to box up a bunch of things for storage and a few things to take over to Brooke's. With any luck I would catch her home. I liked seeing her, but she was truly a come and go woman. She was always on the run someplace. That was cool too.

As I was midway through filling my third box of the morning, the phone rang. I scrambled among the maze of boxes in the living room and grabbed the receiver.

"Hello," I answered.

"Don't you think it's about time we talked," Leslie asked.

"I certainly do," I agreed. "Les-"

"Stop," she ordered, cutting me off before I could get anything out. "Just be here at 6pm."

She hung up. I knew it was coming. I deserved that one. At least I could see her tonight and express again my sheer regret for the bullshit I pulled the last time I saw her. I spent the rest of the day wondering if the rules for me staying with Brooke would be tough or fair. I was completely distracted as I filled box after box.

I returned home after my trip to storage and Brooke's. She was not there when I arrived, nor was she there when I left. I was slightly disappointed. I grabbed a quick shower and threw on a golf shirt and jeans. I ensured that I was fully prepared for what was to come before leaving the house. I knew it was time to face the music, so I headed out.

I pulled up to Leslie's and there was a large box truck in the driveway. I wondered what that was for. I parked in front of the house and headed for the door. I rang the bell and Leslie answered. She was wearing a black dress that was very flattering on her. Her hair was down and feathered, it looked very nice and her makeup was flawless. She had on black pumps to compliment the dress. I wondered where she might be going. She ushered me in and I followed her to the dining room table, as I had expected. We sat without a word being exchanged or any kind of greeting at all. I was still nervous about the entire state of the game.

"We have a lot of things to cover and I have a 7pm dinner," she started. "So let's get to it."

"Let me start by apologizing again for my mistake," I lamented. "I cannot explain to you how terrible I feel about it."

"Aw," she giggled, "let it go. I told you I was past it when I left you last time. Forget it, I have. We need to talk about more pressing issues."

"Like what," I inquired.

"First, you staying with Brooke," she acknowledged. "This is not a free ticket to fuck my sister anytime you want. The rules of the game still apply while you are there."

"I understand," I confirmed.

"Spend time, get to know each other, be friendly, but no sexual activity outside the game," she reiterated. "Let's be clear on that. I have already made Brooke clear on all of this and she still wants you there. So I will allow this."

"Thank you," I said.

"Oh, sweetie, don't thank me," she responded. "Brooke wanted you there to fuck her all the time. She is not pleased and won't be easy to live with. I am not doing you a favor."

"Ok, are there any other rules I need to be aware of," I asked.

"Not really, play by those and you will be fine," she confirmed.

"Then let me not keep you from your dinner," I acquiesced, as I stood from the table.

"Sit down," she commanded.

I did as I was told and sat immediately.

"We have another issue to discuss," she continued. "An extremely important issue that you are right in the center of."

"What would that be," I pressed.

"Mindy's video to Brad," she disclosed. "We have reached a settlement of the situation."

"That's great," I exclaimed. "What did you two decide was best?"

"This is not easy for me," she explained. "I made a deal with her. A deal that will allow that disk to be destroyed and ensure Brad never sees it."

"That sounds like the outcome you wanted," I allowed. "What did you have to give up to get Mindy to agree to that?"

"I had to concede another point of contention between her and me," she clarified. "I had to let her into the game."

"WHAT," I screeched. "Are you sure that's a good idea?"

"I structured it so that it is a one time deal," she went on. "One night only. She gets a taste of the game for one night. Tonight. That truck is filled with her stuff and she is off to school tomorrow. So, for one night, she is one of us. She gets only one taste."

Leslie was choking back tears. I could feel how uncomfortable she was with this. I was at a loss for words. I reached over and wiped away the first tear that fell down her cheek.

"Don't look at me," she said, turning her head away from my touch. "You have to be 100% great tonight. I cannot have any loopholes that Mindy tries to exploit. Just give her what she wants. Everything she wants so I get that disk. I have to go."

Leslie stood up and walked through the kitchen. As she made her way to the front door, she had one more piece of information.

"Mindy will be home shortly," she yelled back to me. "You are staying at Brooke's tonight, so head there when you are done. Mindy knows the limits."

She disappeared through the front door. I heard the heavy oak door slam shut. I was confused. How was I supposed to be at my best seeing Leslie crying like that? I was torn. Mindy was hot but she was Leslie's niece. This was complicated. 

I got up and headed to the fridge. I opened it and grabbed a beer. I fired it back, hoping to calm the fuck down as I felt my heart racing. I threw back another before I heard the front door open and Mindy walked in.

She saw me in the kitchen and ran to me. She threw her arms around me and squeezed me tightly with shopping bags in her hands. She withdrew and looked at me, smiling as bright as I had ever seen her smile.

"School supplies," I said, pointing at the bags.

"As if," she replied quickly. "That shit is all packed on the truck. These are supplies for tonight."

I said nothing, I just stared at her. I think she picked up my nerves.

"I told you I would have you," she beamed. "You had better give me your best tonight or I will protest my deal with Aunt Leslie."

"Mindy, are you sure about this," I inquired.

"I am sure that if you don't want Brad to have that disk on his doorstep when he wakes up tomorrow that you had better perform like I have been told you are capable of tonight," she explained. "I am going to go get ready."

With packages in hand, she headed upstairs. I heard her bedroom door close and her feet on the floor above me. How could I do this? I did not want Brad to see that video. I started thinking about the video. Mindy was hot, so was Penny. I wish she was here to help me through this. I went back and sat at the dining room table. I tried to talk myself into this as I waited, but it was a tough sell. Leslie's tears kept creeping back into my mind.

I heard Mindy's door open and then feet on the floor upstairs. She made her way down the stairs and into the dining room where I was seated. I turned to look at her and my breath was taken away. Mindy was wearing a pink lace teddy with thin straps over her shoulders and silver 4 inch pumps. She looked amazing. My head wanted me to rethink this situation but my cock was awake now and starting to solidify.

She walked over to where I was sitting and straddled me in the chair I was on. She kissed me and I could not resist kissing her back. I ran my hands along her back, still being cautious.

"You had better turn the heat up," she insisted.

I kissed her neck and groped her B cup boobs through the pink lace she had on. I was fully engorged in my jeans now. I did not stand a chance. She turned to face away from me and rubbed her ass on my crotch. I could now feel precum leak from my cock like a garden hose. She got off my lap and stood behind me.

"Let's play hide and go fuck," she whispered in my ear from behind me.

"What are the rules of that game," I asked playfully.

"I will go hide while you get naked and come find me," she advised me. "When you find me you get to fuck me."

"Fair enough," I agreed.

I heard her turn and walk out of the dining room. I stood up and ripped off my golf shirt. I undid my belt and dropped my zipper. My jeans hit the floor and I kicked off my shoes. Finally, I discarded my boxers and allowed my raging hard-on to roam free. I turned and headed through the kitchen. I had heard Mindy go up the stairs so I followed her.

I climbed to the top of the stairs and saw both Mindy's and Leslie's bedroom door shut. I knew she was inside one of the two rooms. I checked her room first, opening the door and seeing the inside of the room for the first time. It was very pink, from the walls to the bedspread to the carpet, but it was also empty.

I moved down the hall to Leslie's room and opened the door. I stepped inside, as I had many times before but also found no sign of Mindy. Suddenly I felt a hand on the small of my back.

"Don't turn around," she said. "You think of me as a girl and that is not what I want. Close your eyes. Think of all the women you have had in this room. When I tell you to, open your eyes and hopefully you can look at me like a woman."

I closed my eyes and waited. She removed her hand from my back and I heard her heels move across the floor. It sounded like she was near the bed. I heard a small snap and some rustling. It was only another moment before her voice rang through the room.

"Open your eyes, stud," she instructed me.

I opened my eyes and looked towards the bed. I saw Mindy lying on the bed, the underneath of her teddy was undone and she was rubbing her clit with two fingers. She had her eyes closed now and was moaning in a barely audible tone.

I watched as she worked her fingers in circles on her clitoris. She moved her other hand under her thigh and inserted a finger inside herself. I could feel precum leaking from the head of my penis. I wanted her now. She had pretty much convinced me that she was indeed a woman and I wanted her.

"What are you waiting for, come and get me," she urged me.

I walked to the bed and grabbed Mindy by the ankles. I pulled her to the edge of the bed. She opened her eyes and spread her pussy lips with her fingers. It was too inviting to pass up. I pressed my cockhead to her opening and pushed inside her. She groaned and I took a deep breath as I sank into her.

I pulled back and rocked into her again. I pressed into her pussy over and over. I held her ankles in my hands and pushed them apart, widening her gash for my pole. I rammed my hips forward and back, spearing her pussy. I was enjoying this so much I almost felt guilty. She moved wildly on the bed as I inserted my pole again and again.

"I wanna see you cum for me," I said to her.

I turned up the pace and proceeded to pound her sweet spot. Her moans grew louder and I pumped my pecker into her box again. I pushed the length of my shaft inside her vagina forcefully. Mindy arched her back as I pierced her twat again. She grabbed the comforter on the bed with her hand as she writhed. 

I violently continued to invade her cunt with my tool. I was enjoying this way more than I wanted to. Mindy squealed as penetrated her again. I violated her with my member again and again until she begged for her orgasm to arrive.

"DON'T STOP," she screamed. "PLEASE DON'T STOP!"

I plowed her pussy mercilessly. Each thrust brought us both closer to climax until finally she peaked as I sunk deep inside her. She screamed loudly and buck wildly underneath my pressing pole. She twitched and spasmed uncontrollably as her pinnacle consumed her. Her juices flooded her box and my cock was pulsating as I continued to insert it into her sweetness. 

I swelled rapidly as I watched her cum. My scrotum tightened and I withdrew myself from her pussy. I exploded powerfully all over her pink, lace teddy. I blew surge after surge of white milk all over her lace covered stomach. I left quite a puddle there by the time I was done. Immediately regret sank in. I had been with her mother and both her aunts, this felt wrong to me. I was angry at myself that it felt so good physically.

I breathed heavily as I looked down at her. She was not moving at all, she did not even appear to be breathing. Had she not spoken up I would have become somewhat nervous.

"That was great," she sighed in apparent delight. "Leslie can have the disk now that I have had you. I want you again right now, but that wasn't part of the deal. I will have you again, though."

"I am glad you enjoyed it," I replied.

"Let yourself out and tell Brooke I said hi," she ordered.

"Travel safe to school," I said to her.

I smiled at her and turned for the door. I made my way down the stairs, thrilled that this was a one shot deal, so to speak. I found my cloths were I left them in the kitchen. I dressed quietly and made my way out of the house. I drove to Brooke's.

I parked in the driveway and saw lights on inside, indicating that she was home. I opened the front door and Brooke was sitting at the small dining table waiting for me. She looked adorable in a pink and white cut-off t-shirt and grey sweatpants. I was enamored at how lovely she really was. She held a cup in her hand and there was another across the table from her. I sat down behind the unattended mug and looked at Brooke. I picked up the mug and took a small sip. I was pleased to find it full of coffee.

"Was my niece good in bed," Brooke asked, breaking the silence.

"I shouldn't kiss and tell," I replied. "But I was not entirely comfortable with her, so my judgment might be skewed."

"You seemed comfortable with me when I asked you to move in here," she countered.

"I am very comfortable with you," I confirmed. "I am also glad this was a one time deal with your niece."

She smiled at me. I think she sensed how conflicted I was about the entire Mindy situation and she appreciated that.

"You are a better person than I initially gave you credit for being," she admitted. "I just thought you were like any other guy. Who wouldn't want a steady rotation of sexy women to fuck? It seems like you are more than that, though. I am happy you are here."

She rose from her seat and walked over to me. She kissed me very softly on the cheek.

"I am going to bed," she whispered. "I do wish you were going with me. But soon enough."

I watched her disappear up the stairs. She had a great ass. I then finished my coffee and ensured that the house was locked up. I retired to my new room and racked out on the couch in there. I liked it here and I felt comfortable with Brooke. This was nice.