 The shrill ring of his mobile phone startled him.

He opened his eyes and rolled over, fumbling for the annoying interruption to one of his favorite dreams. 

"That's a place I won't be able to get back to for a while." he grumbled as he picked up his phone and glanced at the screen. Two pieces of information were displayed. One, the time, stating it was 2:30am, on a Monday morning no less. Great, five hours till work. The second was much more intriguing... It was the Caller ID - Kate.

He hesitated at the name on the screen. Kate was his best friend of more than eleven years, and he had last seen her under a wet and moonlit sky, saying goodbye. She was leaving on a whirlwind trip of London, followed by almost two years of service as a masseuse aboard a luxury cruise liner. It had been terrible weather that night, and they had spent most of the evening in the car, talking loudly to each other so as to be heard over the rain. The thunder had eased and Kate had unexpectedly jumped out of the car, racing away from him towards the middle of the car park. She stopped, already soaked through, and turned to him. He would never forget those next few minutes.

Kate was incredibly striking, she always had been. Her blonde hair was always well groomed and framed her face delicately. Her blue eyes had a piercing gaze that could melt even the most stalwart of men (and some women, although that's a story for another time) and her figure made you want to grab hold. They had known each other for a lifetime, and he had fallen for her long ago. He had never told her, for fear of losing her altogether, but always was there for her, whenever she needed him. And she needed him now.

She stood, wet to the core, and beckoned for him to join her. It was a simple gesture, a flick of a wrist at most, but it made him come running. The rain chilled him instantly, and, bracing himself against the cold, he strode across the deserted car park toward her. He closed the gap between them, but stopped short, about a foot away from her. She was on the verge of tears.

"I'm scared."

He almost didn't hear her. The rain had picked up and whipped her blonde locks across her face. Her bottom lip trembled slightly, either because of the cold, or because of what she had said. Maybe even a little of both. When she became worried, or lost, or scared, he had always seemed to know how to calm her. And he did what he always did. He opened his arms, an offered a warm and welcome embrace.

She bridged the gap between them instantly, folding his arms around her so that she was safe, protected, secure. She buried her face in his chest and he could feel her body shake as she let out little sobs. He gently placed a hand on her head, and held her close.

"What are you scared of, Kate?"

She looked up at him, her azure gaze penetrating deeply into his dark brown eyes.

"I don't know what's going to happen while I'm away." She began, "Everything will be different when I come back. Even you."

The statement hit home for him. He had considered that maybe they would never be what he wanted them to be, and that, while Kate was abroad, he would find someone special. But he hadn't considered that Kate had been thinking about that, too.

"I'll never change, Kate. I'll always be here for you. You know that."

She squeezed him as he said it. She found comfort in his words, weather he meant them or not, but he felt sincere.

"Kate...?" He faltered. Was he really about to tell her how he felt? Now, of all times, when she was about to leave for the opposite side of the planet? Would he get a better opportunity? Probably not. He lifted her chin gently, taking his time, pacing himself. Then, cautiously, deliberately and very delicately, he uttered three simple words.

"I love you."

He tilted his head to hers, and their lips met. She smelled amazing, even in the rain. And a crack of thunder and lightning illuminated the scene in spectacular fashion. Much to his delight, he found her kissing him back. A gentle nudge against his lips made him part them slightly as her tongue pleasantly found it's way against his own. The kiss lasted only a few moments, but it would be the kiss he measured every other in his life against. When he broke the passionate embrace, she smiled up at him, warmly.

"Thank you." She said, knowingly, "That's exactly what I wanted."

Their evening was almost uneventful after that. They continued to talk as though nothing had happened, although they held each other for the remainder of the night. He kissed her goodnight, and then, early the next morning, she flew out of his life for the next two years.

That had been eight months ago.

While they had swapped emails and discussed the details of her trip, they had never discussed that night. But now, here, at 2:30am in the morning, she was calling him direct from wherever she was on the other side of the world.

He answered the call. "Hello, Kate."

"Oh my God! It's so good to hear your voice, I missed you so much!" She was crying.

"Are you okay? What's wrong?"

"Oh, just homesick, I guess, and I've been drinking, and I miss you and everyone back home, and I'm just feeling lost."

"Surely working on a luxury cruise liner can't be that bad." he offered.

"You don't understand. I have no one."

"What are you talking about, you've got me, you know that."

"Yes, but you're all the way back home in Melbourne..."

"But I'm still right here, Kate. What do you need? How can I help?"

There was a pause. He wasn't sure if it was the delay or a break in connection. He called out to her again. Then, after another short pause, she asked him a question.

"Are you still the same?"

He frowned. What did she mean by that?

"Yes, I think so. I told you I wouldn't change while you were away."

"So you haven't shacked up with anyone?"

"No." He was telling the truth, but didn't understand where this was going. "Have you?"

"No. That's part of the problem."

"What do you mean? Surely you've had offers from all the guys out there?"

He was a little hurt by her comment, but they were not a couple, and she was free to do what she liked with whomever she liked, but he had been hopeful, all the same. Then she said the words he would never forget.

"But they aren't you." She whispered the words as if they were a sensitive secret. He beamed in his bedroom, his heart doing backflips in his chest.

"Are you still there?" She asked.

He responded that he was, and they then made a bit of small talk, but it was clear he didn't know what to say.

"Baby," she had only on very few occasions called him that, "where are you right now?"

"In bed, it's nearly 3am here. Where are you?"

"In my room on the ship. We've docked for the night, and while I'm allowed off the boat, there's nothing I really want to do... Except you."

His dick sprang to attention.

"Baby, I need you. And I want to make you feel really, really good, too."

He moaned a little, but she heard it instantly.

"I'm going to talk, and you are going to listen. I know I can't physically be there right now, but I bet you wish I was. I want you to place your warm hands on my skin, feel you pull me toward you. Feel you kiss me again."

His hand slid down his stomach into his boxers, brushing over his hardening cock as she spoke.

"I want you to make yourself feel good, baby. Touch it while I talk to you."

"Way ahead of you, Kate." he said as he pulled his member out of his shorts altogether.

"I'm here, in my little room, sprawled out on my bed, wishing you were lying here next to me. Do you know what I'd do? I'd sit on top of you. I'd tease you. I'd start to undress you slowly, stripping you down to your boxers, and then I'd lift the waistband, pulling it up off your skin, but then I'd stop, and tease you some more. I'd remove my clothes and leave just my underwear on, then remove your boxers with my teeth."

"I'd slide your shorts down over your body, exposing all of you to me for the first time. God, I've thought about you naked from time to time, baby. I wonder what it looks like. Describe your cock to me. I bet you're looking at it right now."

He gulped at this, and began to describe his hard, engorged 8 and a half inch dick to her, in full detail. She moaned her approval.

"I want to take that cock of yours in my mouth, baby. You deserve all the pleasure I can offer you. I'd slip the head of your dick between my lips and slowly run my tongue along the head, getting you wet and slippery. I'd massage your balls and stroke your shaft while I suck on that big head, making you moan and groan. Stroke that big cock for me, baby."

He did as he was told.

"I want you to suck my nipples, now, baby. Undo my bra and take off my panties and lick my tits. Suck on them, make me moan. Oh my God, baby, I can't take it any more. I'm putting my hand inside my panties just for you. I can feel you here, pinching my nipples, as I rub my clit."

He plucked up more courage at this, and muttered, "Show me."

"Oh, you'd like that wouldn't you baby. You wanna see my naked body? Well, if you do, you gotta show me a little something first..."

While still on the phone, he managed to keep the call going and switch to the phone's camera. He snapped a decent photo of his cock, with his hand wrapped around it, and sent it off to her, without hesitation. All the while, she kept up her commentary.

"Oh God, baby. I want to feel you suck on my pussy while your cock fills my mouth. I'm gonna climb on top of you, and press my wet cunt onto your face. Fuck my mouth while I fuck yours, baby."

He heard the distinct beep of her phone as she received the message. Her breathing changed and she stopped speaking for a few moments.

"Oh shit, baby. You are a big boy! That cock of yours looks amazing, and now I can really picture what it is I'm about to fuck! Lay me on my back on the bed, baby, I want you to slip that cock of yours inside me. I want to feel you fill me up to the brim."

His phone beeped in his ear. He had an incoming message. He switched to the messenger program and saw it was from Kate. He also saw that their was a picture attached. He opened it, stroking his cock faster. When he saw the image appear on the screen, he moaned his approval.

"Do you like what you see, baby?"

The photo was of Kate, in all her stunning naked glory, spread out on the bed, just as she had described. She was wearing nothing but a smile, and her cheeks were flushed, clearly she was aroused.

Her breasts were full and pert, wonderfully topped with deliciously pink nipples, standing at full attention. His eyes roved over her form, taking all of this digital goddess in. He looked down her body, over her stomach, and stopped at the space between her legs. She was bare down there, her pussy winking at him, devoid of hair. Her pussy lips were open, and she had one hand holding her pussy lips apart to really open herself up for him. Her clit was erect and protruding from the folds, and there was a hint of wetness he could see. Next to her most intimate of intimates, was a small tattoo of a yummy looking strawberry.

"Oh, baby, I want you do fuck that pussy you see open for you. Slide your dick in there, baby. I'm wet and ready."

"What's with the Strawberry, baby?" He asked through heavy breathing.

She laughed as she panted. He imagined her there, on the other side of the world, frigging her clit while he pumped his cock, each of them helping each other closer to orgasm.

"The Strawberry? It's what I like to eat... Only I like my Strawberry with cream."

That sent him over the edge. He pumped harder, imagining what it might feel like to pound her wet pussy until he exploded inside her.

"I want you to come for me, baby. Fill my cunt up with that cream I know you've been keeping just for me. Spray your hot load deep inside me."

He groaned as the orgasm built, and she heard him approach the climax.

"Do it, baby, spray it everywhere, make a dirty, sticky mess all over me!"

He screamed down the phone as he started to come, and heard her doing the same. They both moaned and erupted in pleasure as they came, his load shooting out from his cock in strong heavy spurts as he covered his hand and the bedsheets in his hot cum. She moaned down the phone as her own orgasm subsided, and gradually their breathing returned to normal.

"You still there, baby?"

He confirmed that he was, and she giggled down the phone.

"Wow," she said, "I'm going to let you get some sleep. I realize it's pretty late now. I'm sorry I called you so late."

"Don't worry about it, Kate. I'm glad you did!"

"I am too. Thank you, that's exactly what I wanted."

And Kate hung up, leaving him to clean himself up, and giving him a whole new set of dreams to dream, and leaving him wonder about the possibilities of what could happen when Kate finally came home.

To Be Continued...