 It's been almost a year since Chris and Melissa discovered how it could be. They have been keeping their on-line love affair sizzling every chance they get. Unfortunately there hasn't been another chance for them to meet again. That is . . . until now.


Chris tells Melissa that he has an office party he must attend this Friday. Being the new VP of operations, he must attend. Melissa tells Chris she understands. She explains to him that she has a conference to attend on Friday anyway. But, one thing she left out, the conference is in the town Chris works in. They make the date for their next chat and say good night.

Knowing where he works and that his wife is out of town with the children, Melissa has a plan. She thinks a surprise meeting would be just the thing. She is going to "crash" the office party. She arranges at home to be gone all weekend.

As the week progresses she can feel the anticipation rise. She almost backs out several times but realizes that this is what she needs, wants, must have. Since their meeting, Melissa has felt the emptiness at home more than ever. She felt so complete when she was in Chris' arms. In reading between the lines during their conversations, Chris seems to feel the same way. 

Thursday arrives and Melissa is on the plane to her destination. Anxiously awaiting the arrival of Friday evening, she finds herself getting hot just thinking of seeing Chris again. The plain arrives. She grabs her bags and heads to the hotel.

She makes it through the conference, not really sure what was covered because her mind kept wandering off to how tonight was going to play out. She arrives back to the hotel and puts the plan into full motion. Starting with the most exotic shower she's ever had.

She washes her hair, using the most fragrant shampoo she can find. She lathers her tanned body. She finds herself thinking of Chris sucking on her breast, touching her body. She mimics his touch, bringing herself to the brink of orgasm. She stops, wanting to give all of it to him.

She towels off, applies the perfume that Chris loves, and lays out the outfit for the evening. Melissa has chosen a very short, black dress. The front cuts deep, almost to her navel, with little straps across the front. She has decided not to wear hose, just a lace thong and high heals with straps that wrap around her ankle. 

As she pulls her hair into a loose bun, she notices that spark is there in her eyes again. She calls for a cab, takes one last look in the mirror, smooths her dress, and out the door she goes . . .

Chris is getting ready for his party. He has thought of Melissa all day. For some reason he has not been able to focus. She just keeps returning to his thoughts. He remembers their meeting. The smell of her perfume, the flow of her long hair, the softness of her skin. He longs for her each and every night.

He leaves his home and heads to the office party, wishing she was there to escort him. He hates these parties. Boring, listening to the old men talking about themselves, their wives sitting in the corners gossiping about each other, just not a night he enjoys.

As he arrives at the office, the waitress hands him a drink as he enters the room, looking around for a safe place to hide from these people. Too late. The President sees him and hurries over to drag him into his conversation.

After about 15 minutes, Melissa finally gets the nerve to walk into the room where Chris is. She slips in quietly. The waitress hands her a glass of champaign. She drinks it quickly, trying to settle her nerves. She takes another glass to sip on and moves to an unoccupied corner, looking for Chris.

Her heart skips a beat when she sees him! He's even more handsome tonight. She smiles and just watches him, taking every smile and jester in like a sponge. He glances her way, she turns, hoping not to be seen yet. When she turns back, their eyes meet. 

Chris blinks several times, not believing what he sees. It can't be! Is this why she has been on his mind today? NO! He is just imagining because he wants her so bad. He excuses himself and walks in the direction of his mirage. There she is, smiling so beautifully. Looking so damned hot. He must be dreaming.

As Chris nears, Melissa holds out her hand, taking his and drawing him in for a soft kiss on the cheek. 

She whispers in his ear, " I could hear you calling me from miles away. Now I'm here. I'm all yours." 

Chris looks at her, "You are more beautiful than I remember!"

Melissa smiles, "Are you angry? I had to see you."

"No, not angry, ecstatic!" Chris tells her.

They small talk for a few minutes, going over the details of the day. Melissa tells Chris that she's there for the weekend. She has a room at the hotel just down the road. She slips her key into his front pocket.

"For safe keeping," she tells him. Smiling.

Chris leans in, whispering to her, "Oh yes. I will be needing that."

He takes her hand, leading her into the room. She pulls against him, shaking her head, "No."

"It will be okay." he tells her as he approaches the group he was with earlier.

"Gentlemen, this is Melissa. She is a very special person to me and has come from out of town to join us tonight as my escort."

They all say their hellos. Chris can see them eyeing her, seeing the envy. He smiles and pulls her close to him, his arm around her waist, keeping her near. He wants her to know she's safe there with him. He can feel the eyes upon them, the wives in the corner lower their gossip and he knows that they have become the subject of the talk in the room.

He excuses them, walks Melissa by the old women, grabbing her ass when they pass. The gasps could be heard over the softly playing music in the room. Melissa giggles, knowing what he did, shocking those old women.

"They are just jealous! Their old men don't do that for them any more." Chris says with a laugh.

Melissa laughs, feeling a little more at ease.

They sit on a sofa in the corner. He places his hand on her bare knee, leans and kisses her softly on her pouting lips. Melissa has a hard time catching her breath. Only Chris knows how to take her breath away, making her so hot. She can feel the heat between her legs. Growing with each passing moment.

They talk for a minute, knowing that Chris can't leave yet. Melissa makes the statement that the old men look like they haven't been laid in a while. Chris agrees, figuring that the old women have cobwebs and need a good sweeping out too. They both laugh, trying to keep it down.

Chris moves his hand slowly up her thigh, moving the hem of Melissa's dress up slightly. She stops his hand, telling him it wouldn't be appropriate. Chris tells her that these old men would cum in their pants if they even saw her perfect pussy. Melissa blushes.

Chris leans to kiss her neck. She lets out a sigh that is almost a moan. Melissa has longed for his touch and kiss for too long. She would let him take her now if he tried.

Chris can feel the heat between them growing by the minute along with the bulge in his pants. He looks Melissa in the eyes and he sees the passion that he has waited for since their first meeting.

As he looks at her, he whispers, "I want you more than you know."

Melissa looks down to break the gaze and notices the erection that Chris has.

Smiling at him she softly says, "I know more than you realize," as she looks down at his lap.

Chris smiles and nods his head toward the door. Melissa shakes her head yes. Chris takes her hand and they head out the door.

Once outside, they slowly walk toward her hotel, talking of what's to come. Chris stops, turning to face Melissa, leaning in and kissing her passionately, pulling her breasts into his chest.

He looks into her eyes, "I have been dreaming of this. Having you in my arms again."

He eases her back against the building, running his hands along her hips and waist. He reaches down, starting at her knees, running his hand up her inner thigh, feeling the heat at he draws closer to her pussy. He brushes across the thin lace covering her shaved pussy, and sending shivers up her spine.

"I've got to have you now! I don't think I can wait!" Chris utters, straining to get the words out.

He pulls her into the door way of the building, people walk by not even noticing they are there. He drops to his knees, pulling her to him. He lifts her skirt, burying his face in the fabric separating him from the sweet honey his wanted for so long. 

Her smell is so sweet. He takes one finger and pulls the lace aside, and flicks her swollen clit with his tongue. She moans and he feels her knees weaken. He runs his tongue along her slit, licking the dripping juices and savoring the taste. He's longed for that many nights. Just to taste her again has his cock so hard he can't take much more.

He reaches up and slips the panties down her legs, she steps out of them. He stands, pulls her close and kisses her.

She remembers that taste. The taste of his kisses after he has pleasured her. She has dreamed of these tastes, these feelings, these emotions, for such a long time. Melissa reaches between them. She finds his hard cock. 

As she undoes his pants, she tells him, "I want you more than I ever have."

She frees his cock, massaging it with her hand. Chris grabs her leg, pulling it up to his waist, exposing her pussy. He guides his hard cock into her pussy. Slowly he eases it into her, feeling her wrap around him, pulling him into her.

As he is entering her he can hear her breathing become more and more shallow. He remembers all the signs of her impending orgasms. He thrusts his cock deep into her, feeling her pulse with each wave of her orgasm. It takes every ounce of control he has not to cum with her. He stops moving as she cums. He can feel her juices running down his balls onto his thighs. She's so hot.

As her orgasm subsides slightly, Chris starts to rock in and out of her, raising her to another orgasm. He's always loved the thought at how quickly he can bring her to orgasm. He moves slowly in and out of her at first. As he feels her near another orgasm he plunges deeper and faster with each move. 

Melissa can feel his hard cock moving faster and harder in and out of her dripping pussy. Chris' hard cock fills her completely, touching every nerve she has, drawing her closer and closer to her biggest orgasm yet. 

As she starts to cum she exclaims,"Chris, cum with me, fill me with your hot cum."

With those words, Chris plunges his cock deep inside her, his cock pulsing in rhythm with her pussy as they cum together. Both crying out in sheer pleasure. Oblivious to the world around them, they melt, joining as one.

As they come down from the high, Melissa pushes Chris back from her, kneeling down to lick his cock clean. He lifts her back up, kissing her. He does his pants, she smooths her dress. 

He tells her, "With that out of the way, now it's time to play."

She nods and they stroll down the walkway to her hotel. 

Upon reaching the hotel, she tells the front desk to send up a bottle of their best wine and a tray of fruits and cheeses. "Must keep our energy up." she tells Chris as they enter the elevator, taking them up to the room where another dream will come true.

As they enter the room, Melissa tells him to make himself comfortable. She excused her self from the room, goes to the bedroom and pulls out the nighty that she bought just for this. She hears Chris answer the door when room service is brought. 

"Pour us a glass. I'll be there in just a moment." she tells Chris as she undresses.

After a few minutes, Melissa appears. As she walks into the room, Chris draws a deep breath, taking in every inch of her. She looks like a perfect angel gliding across the room. She's put on such a beautiful gown. It accents every inch of her body. The gown is white satin. Long and flowing. A slit all the way to her upper thigh on one side so that her leg peeks out with each step. Form fitting from the waist up, barely containing her large breast that strain against the fabric. Her hard nipples poking through the lace, begging for his attention.

He hands her a glass of wine. She sips from the glass as Chris moves around her to take in the full view. He takes his hand, runs it down her shoulder, across her back and down to the round, firm ass. 

He pauses at her ass, "Can't wait to have that again." 

"You will have all of me before we are through." she states as she walks to the sofa in the room. 

She sits on the end, propping up one leg and exposing herself to him. She motions with her finger for him to come over to her. He moves so fast nearly tripping over himself. He sits at her open legs, looking at that wonderful pussy he fucked so hard. She leans forward, kisses him deeply and passionately.

He touches her pussy. It's hot and wet. He slips a finger in, moving it around slowly. Melissa reaches up and cups her breast, teasing the nipples between her fingers. As his finger moves slowly in and out of her, the hot juices are flowing over his fingers. He removes them, brings them to his lips and sucks the juices from them.

Such a wonderful taste. Sweet as honey. Chris pulls Melissa to him, kissing her soft lips hard. Their tongues meet, caressing each other. Her breath deepens and grows faster. 

Chris sweeps her up off the couch and gently carries her to the bedroom, kissing her passionately along the way. He lays her down and runs his hands from her waist down to her ankles. He steps back and stares at her. She's the most beautiful thing he's ever seen.

He takes off his shirt and unbuttons his pants, letting them slip down to the floor. Chris crawls into the bed beside Melissa, wrapping his arms around her, pulling her in close. The smell of her hair, the softness of her skin, the warmth of her breath, all the things he's waited so long for.

He presses his lips to hers, softly at first. As the heat between them rise, their kisses become more passionate. She can feel his cock growing harder between them. She reaches to touch him and he stops her hand. He holds her hands above her head, gently turning her onto her back. He raises himself and eases between her parted knees. 

Continuing to hold her hands, he softly kisses between her breast, up her neck and then softly kisses her lips again. She can feel his hard cock brushing against her swollen lips. She pushes her body against his, every inch of her aching for him to make love to her.

Chris can see in Melissa's eyes that she wants him as much as he wants her. He can feel the smoothness and the warmth of her pussy against the swollen head of his cock. He's not sure how much longer he can wait.

He moves slightly and puts the head of his cock against her wet slit, wanting to plunge in deeply but holding back.

Chris softly speaks,. "I want to show you just how much you mean to me. Let me make love to you, let you feel everything that I have, I want to hold nothing back."

With everything she has in her, Melissa responds, "Make love to me, right now and forever. I give myself to you completely, body and soul."

Without another word, Chris eases his hard cock into Melissa's waiting pussy, feeling the warmth envelope him completely. He hears her gasp as he goes deeper into her. She's so ready to cum for him.

Moving in and out slowly, his rhythm picks up, he can feel her orgasm start. Her warm pussy pulses as she cums for him. She cries out, begging him not to stop. Her orgasm has rocked her hard. She feels his hard cock moving faster and harder in and out of her wet pussy. She can feel the juices running down his balls and onto her ass. His cock growing each and every stroke. He's having a hard time holding back.

Chris has waited for so long to fill her with his cum again. Their eyes meet, the passion and love for each other is clear. Chris feels his orgasm starting. As his starts to pulse, he looks at Melissa, she's cumming again, also. There are no other words he can think to say but three.

As he opens his mouth, she utters the same words at the same time. "I Love You."

With those words, the two of them drift off together in their world of ecstacy.

They drift off to sleep, dreaming of their lives together. Both wanting more but afraid to make the changes needed.

As the morning arrives, Melissa is the first to awaken. She orders coffee and muffins for them to enjoy before parting again.

Chris wakes and calls her to him. She slips into the bed beside him. Grateful to have a few more hours. Chris looks at her and smiles.

"I'm yours if you will have me." he says to her.

Surprised, she asks, "What are you talking about?"

"Will you have me?" he asks again.

"Yes. But, what's this all about?" she questions.

"I've asked for a transfer and found a house close to you. I want to take care of you from now on. You and your children. If you will have me." he explains.

Melissa, tears flowing down her cheeks, can say nothing but, "Yes, oh yes. I love you!"

Chris pulls her close, whispering to her, "I love you, too."