 Gina was about to read through the final draft of her paper when she realized she'd picked up someone else's print job.

This is a true story. I accidentally walked into the girls locker room at the gym. It was mostly empty except for two hot blondes. They were totally naked and standing at their lockers and they both had shave pussies. Plus amazing asses and huge tits that didn't sag at all.

I thought they would be mad at me instead one of them said Look whose here! then she said, What's the matter, never seen a naked girl before?

I instantly got a hard-on and my 9-inch cock was stick straight out. The other one said nice cock want to take a shower with us?

I followed them into the shower and we started going at it. The blonde went down on my fat cock and started sucking it and I said take it bitch. Then the other one a brunette was playing with her pussy and she said I want you to fuck my pussy so I said my pleasure and she bent over and I fucked her cunt from behind while the blonde was playing with my balls.

Gina stormed down the hall to Mark's room.

"What's this?"

Mark looked up from his homework at Gina standing in his doorway, holding up a sheaf of paper.

"Huh?"

"You're the only one else who uses the printer, so I know it's yours."

"What are you talking about?"

Gina began to read:

"'This is a true story. I accidentally walked into the girls' locker room--'"

Mark bolted from his chair and snatched the paper from her hand.

"Did you write that?" said Gina.

"No, I didn't write it!" Mark spat. He sat down at his desk and stuffed the papers into a drawer.

"That's the worst piece of erotic writing I've ever seen! Where did you find it, shavedpussy.com or something?" she said, ending the sentence in a hoarse whisper.

"I'm trying to study," he said.

"I mean, how implausible can you get? Plus, there's no tension whatsoever," she continued. "Do you really find that erotic?"

Mark shot her an angry glance. "Well excuse me if I'm not a connoisseur of smut, Miss English Lit Major! Now if you don't mind, I'm trying to study."

He got up from his chair and edged Gina out of the room, closing the door behind her.

