 Ok folks, I apologize for the mediocre "Romance" story I posted two weeks ago. I was trying a new thing with my writing but then I came to my senses and realize that I don't do romance, just dirty! So I wanted to fix Something New and build onto it. 

I do have to say Thank You to Yoshimatsu for editing this! He's a gem, not only that he fixed my stupid errors but he's also an amazing writer! Our writing styles are similar so if you like my stuff, you'll like his! Go check him out! 

Warning- this is a bit longer than my usual stories. It starts off with an edited version of Something New and then goes into more of Ashley and Craigs time together. The original story will probably be taken down. 

Again, if you haven't read My Married Boss, go read it, or atleast part two. I promise you, this will read better if you already know the background. 

Lastly, thanks for all the support! You guys are kind and sweet. I enjoy the encouraging feedback and learn from the constructive criticism.

Comments and Feedback always welcome!!

*******

"Hey Ashley, this is Craig. How are you doing?"

"Umm Craig? As in Danny's friend?" She asked sweetly, I could tell she was smiling.

"Yea, I know its been months, and I know this is really strange, but I'm going to be in town for a few days and I was hoping I would get to see you?"

I know she was probably put off by what I said but I really wanted to see her. 

"I fly in tomorrow, I was hoping I can take you out to dinner tomorrow night?" Asking extremely hopefully.

"Umm..." She started.

"Just dinner, nothing else, I promise!" I interrupted her.

"Oh, just dinner?" She questioned. The tone of our conversations became slightly more casual.

"Ha, is that surprising darling?" I flirted.

"Very, good I think I might just have to take you up on that offer." She said.

"Pick you up after work?"

"Sure thing, five-ish?" She asked.

"You bet!"

I couldn't help but smile widely as I hit the end call button and gently tossed the phone on the sofa beside me.

It had been at least six months since my one and only time meeting Ashley through a college buddy and my best friend, Danny. He brought her on a business trip with him.

Danny and I go back a ways. I met him in college, we were frat brothers and became best friends. We blew through our four years partying, getting drunk and fucking everything with tits.

After college, he moved back to take reins of his fathers company, got married and settled down but married life was a bit too boring for him. He started messing around. Ashley was his mistress but also worked for him.

We were all invited to a friends club that weekend after our business meeting. It was good getting to party with Danny some but I couldn't take my eyes off of Ashley all night. 

She handled her alcohol pretty well compared to the other girls, not to mention, she was a great dancer. She drove Danny and I just about crazy all night with her seductive dancing. We were teasing her about being a nerd or something like that and thats when she leaned in and kissed my friend Katherine just to prove a point. 

She was up for anything, she was fun, flirty and beautiful. I couldn't help admire her perfect curvy body. She had a small waist but a huge ass. Her long brown hair stopped at the middle of her back and her big brown eyes were just gorgeous.

That lucky Irish son of a bitch, was my first thought when I saw her. Form what Danny told me, she was the one that was always forward with him and admitted to liking him. She didn't care that he was married, he didn't want to get involved with a coworker but he just finally gave into temptation one day.

That night at the club, Danny and Ashley were pretty drunk. I offered them a ride to their hotel. Things got a little hot and heavy in my backseat and the next thing I knew, I was invited back to their hotel room. 

It was a bit of a surprise since it had been years since we tag teamed a girl. Danny was probably the only guy I trusted when it came to a devil's threesome. He held his end, I held mine and it was fine. 

Anyway, long story short, she was amazing! She handle both of us so well and she enjoyed it. I had a little bit of time with her by myself as Danny went and found us some lube, and honestly, I wish he would not have come back. 

She was just the right mix of bossy but yet submissive and she knew when to play each role. Fuck! This girl just drove me nuts. Ever since that night, I just couldn't get her out of my head. I knew the next time I came to town, I'd just have to see her and as soon as Danny told me that him and Ashley wasn't a thing anymore, I knew I had to take my shot.

I was married when I first met Ashley. I was there at the club with my mistress but somehow ended up sleeping with Ashley that night. Well, shortly after that, my wife found out about my Mistress, Katherine, amongst some other things that had been brewing for a while. 

I was actually contemplating moving. I was really going into town to look at apartments. I was ready for some change. I decided to invest in Danny's company and keep my own few businesses going here with the help of my business manager. I just felt like I needed a fresh start.

I wasn't born into money like Danny was. Growing up, I was more in the lower class. My mom didn't work and my dad pretty much made just enough to support us. When I was in high school, my grandmother passed away and my dad inherited quite a bit of money along with a huge life insurance payout. 

To our surprise, she left her huge fucking house and all her property to her only grandson. Yes- this guy! I never knew her. Her and my dad didn't get along. I saw her maybe four times in my entire lifetime but fuck, I was happy she was my grandmother.

The property was a good eighteen hour drive away and held no sort of sentiment so I decided to sell it. I wasn't allow to touch a single penny until I was eighteen. It paid for my college and me my and dad and I bought our first coffee shop together. 

After college, I invested in a franchise with a few buddies. I was a damn lucky kid but I never forget where I came from. 

My parents were both now gone, my sister married and moved to Australia. I was now separated, no kids and no crazy ties to any one place so why not move right? Danny was pretty excited when I called him and told him I was thinking of moving. He set me up with his realtor and I was looking forward to spending some time with him.

Day 1 

After getting into town, I saw two places - didn't really care for either of them. The realtor was checking me out more than she was showing me these places. I just kept looking at my watch, counting down the minutes. Come to think about it, that was probably really rude but I was just looking forward to seeing Ashley. 

I saw their office phone number pop up on my phone as it rang, and thinking it must be Ashley, I got a little nervous. Something about the whole situation, how we met, and my now infatuation for her was just all off and I sure as hell couldn't figure it out.

I was a bit let down to hear Danny's voice on the other end of the call. "Hey! You done with that realtor yet?"

"Yea, what's up?"

"I'm leaving the office now, wanna meet me at Keegan's downtown before your date?" He asked.

Looking at my watch, it was only 3:30pm. 

"Sure thing!" 

I jumped in my rental and headed to the bar. 

"Craigster!" He yelled with his arms spread to hug me as I walked into the dimly lit bar and over to the bar counter. 

"Dan man!" I greeted him in a tight embrace then sat next to him.

He was already sipping on a drink. I ordered myself something before we started talking. 

"Ashley got off early, she'll be meeting you here and I gave her the day off tomorrow. Just incase you two needed it." He said. 

I couldn't understand why. I told Danny of my intentions. 

See, I wanted to take things slow with Ashley, I wanted to date her. I didn't want to treat her like some play thing to be used whenever Danny and his friend felt like it. I liked her or some type of feeling like that after meeting her just once. I didn't want her feeling like she was obligated to please me. She wasn't some cheap whore.

I wanted her to see the real me and get to like me for who I am. Danny and I talked about all of this and he approved. Not like I needed his approval to date her but I respected whatever Danny and Ashley had going on. 

Danny and I talked for a while and had a few drinks. After what felt like a million years, what really was more like an hour, in walked Ashley. She was wearing skin tight blue jeans and a low cut white halter top that fit her very loosely, a black leather jacket and sneakers. She was absolutely stunning. 

As Danny saw Ashley walk in, he got up and shook my hand then hugged Ashley on his way out. As she made her way over to me, I hugged her. I took one look at her and remembered the first time I met her. Just as now, she was so well dressed, smelled amazing, carried herself with such poise. She was really shy when I first met her but she quickly loosen up as she got to know me. 

"You look gorgeous!" I said before pulling her out a bar stool. She ordered a drink and we began talking. She was very quiet and shy at first. I couldn't believe she was being this coy with me just like she was in my backseat when Danny was asking her what she thought of me that night after the club.

I took the lead with our conversation. Just casual talk at first. Getting the 'how you've been' and the 'what have you been up to lately' out of the way. 

As she started becoming more vocal, I started asking her questions to get to know her a little bit. After all, we didn't know a single thing about each other besides how we liked to be fucked. The shy thing didn't last very long as I got her laughing pretty quickly. She certainly got the pressing question of my relationship status out of the way pretty early on in the conversation which was understandable.

I think she felt more at ease knowing I wasn't just another married guy trying to use her. She quickly started to open up to me a little more about her family and past relationships. After about an hour and a half at the bar, she was a lot more comfortable and not so shy. She seemed to be having fun as she giggled a lot and was cracking jokes at me too.

I was getting pretty hungry at this point. "What are you in the mood for?" I asked. 

She looked at me and giggled. 

"Food wise, I meant, you pervert!" I joked with her. 

"I'm up for anything, you'll quickly learn that when it comes to food, I don't discriminate." She smiled. She was so beautiful when she smiled. 

"You sure do make my decision hard!" I joked with her.

"How about this," she turned to me and placed her hand on my knee, "Lets just stay here, drink some more, get some appetizers then maybe later get some food?" 

I smiled, "You're not as high- maintenance as I thought you'd be!" I said. 

"I'm just full of surprises babe!" She said very flirty. 

We spent the next three hours flirting back and forth, getting to know each other a little bit more and drank. She amazed me at how well she was handling her drinks. I was pacing myself because I was driving and she was completely understanding of that. Besides, she seemed to be enjoying the conversation more than the drinking. Although, she had quite a bit to drink, I'm sure she was feeling it.

The pub was getting a bit crowded now and she expressed her need for a milkshake multiple times so I figured we'd get out of here and go grab something to eat.

"I'm not from around here babe, you got to tell me where you want to go!" I said to her as we walked out the bar. 

She chuckled and took my hand in hers and lead us to the sidewalk, "I'll lead the way!" She said now a lot more bubbly, I could tell she was a bit tipsy. 

"What about the c—" I was cut off.

"You're fine parking it here!" She said playfully. 

I giggled as she pulled me behind her. We got to this cute diner just two blocks from the pub. The waitress seated us and took our drinks order. Ashley looked at me with a huge smile and a glimmer in her eyes.

"Will you come sit next to me?" She said sheepishly. 

"Of course I will, babe!" I said to her. I started getting up as she scooted over then sat next to her.

The waitress resurfaced with my coke and her strawberry milkshake, "What can I get for you two kids?" 

"I'll have the big burger with fries, medium-well please!" She immediately blurted out. 

I was stunned by her. From the way Danny talked about her and the way she carried herself, I really didn't think she was one for milkshakes and cheeseburgers. This just made me adore her even more. 

"And for you, sir?"

"I'll have the same!" Really not having the time to look over the menu, I figured if she's getting it, it must be good.

"Actually..." she said to the waiter, "Can I have onion rings instead of fries?" 

I chuckled. 

"Of course you can, sweetie! What about you? Do you want to keep it as fries or change yours to onion rings?"

"I'll keep the fries." 

As the waitress walked away, Ashley said, "Good! I only changed mine to onion rings because I figured I can steal your fries, that way I get both!" She smiled widely as she revealed her master plan to cheat the system. 

I could tell she was a bit drunk at this point but she was so adorable. I sat slightly turned to face in her direction, with my hand laid across the top of the backrest of the seat. She scooted closer to me. 

"Do you know you're very handsome?" She said to me.

"Ha! Do you know you're beautiful?" I said to her, looking at her as I brushed the little bit of hair from the side of her cheek. She grabbed my hand holding it here after I flattened my palm to cup her face and we both moved in closer to each other.

Our lips met and we kissed briefly before she pulled away. She blushed and flashed a small smile at me as if she was embarrassed.

"Why are you still so shy with me sometimes?" I asked as I had picked up on little things like this throughout the night.

She leaned in to speak softly in my ear, "Because I like you!" 

I felt something heavy in my gut and then the fluttering. It was as if the butterflies had awoken from a thirty-two year old nap and they were late for a conference. That made me extremely happy to hear. 

"Good, because I like you too!" I said as she blushed. 

Soon after our food was here. We took our time with eating as we were talking a lot more than eating. We finished up our meals and started moving back towards the car. As we stepped out the diner and onto the sideway, Ashley took my hand in hers as we walked back. 

"You're not ready to call this a night quite yet right?" She said to me. 

"Oh no!" I replied. 

"You any good at shooting pool?" She said to me.

"Hell yeah baby!" I blurted out excitedly. 

She giggled, "Pool hall it is then!" 

"Its been a few years since I've shot pool but I think I still have the upper hand here with you being intoxicated and all." I laughed. 

She hissed at me, "We'll see about that!" 

I was a shit shot all night, she whipped my ass every round we played, the only times I was actually in the lead, I'd scratch when I was on the eight ball and lose the game for myself. It was about 2:30am, we had managed to spend all evening together. She was sobering up by now and I figured I'd take her back home. 

We walked back to the car, I held the passenger side door open for her as she climbed in and then shut it, on the ride back to her place, she was very quiet. She was sitting turned to me, the side of her head nestled in the back rest of the seat. I looked over to her, she must have been exhausted. I reached over and rested my hand on her knee, she took my hand and held it in hers. 

As we pulled in behind her car, I got out, walked around and opened the door for her. I couldn't help but notice how gorgeous the night sky looked. I don't think I had ever seen that many stars in the sky. I extended my hand and she took it. She wrapped her arms around my neck as soon as she got out of the car. 

With a sweet smile, she said, "You have been a perfect date, do you know that?" 

"Oh, have I?" I said as I wrapped my arms around her waist, "I guess I've achieved what I set out to do." 

"Not quite." 

"What do you mean?" I ask.

"You still have to walk me to my front door and kiss me goodnight." 

"How about I kiss you now then I walk you to your door then kiss you some more?"

"Well, what are you waiting for then?"

I smiled, "Well not so shy anymore huh?" At this point in the night, she was completely comfortable with me. She was acting as if she'd known me forever. 

I pulled her in, she tip toed a bit to meet my lips. Our lips locked together. I kissed her softly as she kissed back. My tongue brushed against her lip. I slid my tongue in her mouth as her lips parted and her tongue met mine. We made out slowly for a while. Fuck she was so hot! I felt myself getting turned on by kissing her in this manner. I knew I had to stop or she'd start to feel the bulge that was forming in my pants. 

After a few more seconds of that, I pulled away from her. "May we move to the front door?" I asked as I offered my right arm with my elbow bent. She wrapped her arm around mine and we proceeded down the drive way and to the front steps. She unlocked the door and held it open, standing in the doorway. 

I leaned in again to give her a final kiss before I left but as I turned to walk away, she said, "Hey, are you sure you don't want to come in?" 

I turned back to her, "I meant it when I said just dinner." 

"That doesn't mean you can't come in and have some coffee with me." 

I smiled, "Who drinks coffee at 3am?" 

"Someone who wants to stay awake to keep in the company of a handsome gentleman." She smiled.

I knew if I stayed, there was no telling want would happen. She was too much for self control to be worth a shit right now. Was this all just stupid? After all, we are adults. I started thinking to myself. Justifying my thoughts for taking her inside and giving her exactly what I knew she wanted. 

No! You can't do this! Shes tipsy and tired, just let her go to bed! This is stupid! My thoughts were driving me crazy. It was as if the my devil and angel was arguing on each shoulder. I finally gave in and walked in behind her. She set her belongings down on the little table in the hall and slipped her sneakers and socks off along with her jacket.

I followed her directly to the kitchen where she was getting her coffee stuff together. I pulled out a stool at her breakfast bar away from the counter and sat.

"So what's the deal with the proper gentleman thing you've got going on?"

"Well Ashley, I like you and I didn't want you to feel like I'm just using you."

She continued to pour the hot coffee in a mug then poured the cream and sugar in. Stirring the hot liquid, she said, "But what if I don't want you to be a gentleman?"

Fuck! I thought to myself. This is not making it easy. I was instantly turned on from hearing her say that especially in the way in which she looked at me. I shrugged my shoulders, "I guess I'd have to do what you want." 

She smiled and walked over to me. She took my hands and pulled me up as she wrapped her arms around my waist and looked up at me, "Anything I want?" She softly said. 

"Anything you want baby!" I smiled giving into the inevitable. I don't know why I thought this was going to go any differently. I pulled her in and kissed her hard. I felt her hands slide down and grab at the bottom of my shirt, she pulled it off and within seconds, she dropped to her knees. She undid my belt and kakis and let it drop around my ankles. 

"Wow, you don't waste time do you? No need for persuasion or seduction!" I teased.
