  Chapter 21 – Thank You

I woke the next morning to find Brooke not at home. I showered, dressed and headed off to work, dreading the start of the work week. I pushed through my day in a haze, the events of the past two days haunting me. I half expected to hear from someone in the game, but was unsure whether to be concerned or relieved when I did not.

I went straight back to Brooke's after work. While I was quite comfortable there, I was not comfortable enough yet to call it 'home.' When I arrived I was somewhat surprised to see Brooke's car in the driveway. I entered the house cautiously, not sure what had ensued after I left Leslie's the previous evening.

I found Brooke quickly as she was sleeping on the couch in the living room. I stared at her momentarily, admiring her sheer beauty. Her short blonde hair framed her face on the pillow, perfectly contrasted by the bright blonde on top and the jet black at the bottom. She had on the same casual grey sweatpants, which I was now sure were her favorite lounge attire. She also had on a gray t-shirt that was very familiar, but tough to recognize since she was sleeping face down.

I decided that since I was not sure how much sleep Brooke was able to get the night before, I would not wake her. I proceeded upstairs and changed into shorts and a t-shirt myself. I called and ordered a pizza and started to quietly pull some things out of some of the boxes in my room. I concentrated heavily on not making noise in order to ensure I would not wake Brooke.

As I was making good progress with my boxes, I lost track of time and was startled when the doorbell rang. I grabbed my wallet and headed back downstairs. I paid for the pizza and tipped the driver. Brooke was now awake, though she had not moved from the couch. I stood at the entrance to the living and looked at her cautiously.

"Who was at the door," she asked.

"Pizza, I ordered in case you were hungry when you woke up," I informed her. "I didn't mean to let him wake you."

"No sweat, I'm starving," she stated. "I have been home since about 1 this afternoon, I had just enough time to change into my comfy cloths before I crashed."

She walked past me into the kitchen. I confirmed that the gray t-shirt she had on was indeed mine. She got two glasses from the cabinet above the sink and poured soda into both of them. She carried them to the table and I grabbed two paper plates from the pantry. We sat across from each other and I could see Brooke was still in a small haze. It seemed to clear as we ate and talked.

"Leslie was better today, but way hung-over," she educated me.

"Sorry about that," I conceded.

"Don't be, that was great thinking," she admitted. "I am not sure how many other people would have pulled that stunt, but it was effective."

"I am glad she is ok," I said.

"We all owe you one," she acknowledged. "Especially Leslie, she cried when I told her what you did. She said she is gonna give you the best thank you ever."

"I don't think that is necessary," I stated humbly, not wanting to take advantage of an already complex situation.

"Necessary or not, you are going to enjoy it," she declared.

"You know what it is already," I asked, quite surprised.

"Know, I helped her come up with it," she disclosed. "Trust me. By the way, I hope you don't mind that I stole your shirt."

"Am I safe in assuming that I am not getting it back," I postured.

"Why do you think I said 'stole' and not 'borrowed,'" she laughed.

We ate our pizza and joked. I liked living with Brooke; she was both pleasant and funny. She charmed me with her laugh and she was, of course, just stunning to me. The evening wound down and we watched some television together on the couch. Brooke fell asleep again, this time with her head resting on my left thigh.

I used the remote to shut off the TV and then I scooped Brooke into my arms as I stood. I shut the living room light as I headed for the stairs. Half way up the stairs. Brooke stirred slightly and looked at me.

"Are you carrying me to bed," she asked in her small haze.

"Yes ma'am," I whispered.

"Now I get it," she sighed.

"Get what," I asked as we reached the top of the stairs.

"Why they all love you," she stated.

I entered her room and laid her gentle on her bed. I turned to go to my own room.

"Stay with me," she requested as she grabbed my hand with hers.

"It's against the rules," I reminded her.

"It's not," she contradicted me sternly. "Sex is against the rules, other than that, we are fine."

"You want me to stay but not have sex with you," I questioned, slightly confused by her request.

"Oh no," she disagreed. "I want to have sex with you, but I will take what I can get. Stay and hold me."

I couldn't move. Her brilliant blue eyes melted me. She was that princess in all those fairytales I heard as a kid. I would climb a tower to rescue her if she wanted. I was falling like a rock for her. This had me conflicted. I cared for the women of this game and had a very strong bond with Penny, but Brooke was capturing my heart. This was dangerous.

I lay down next to Brooke and pulled her close to me. Her hair smelled like summer. It was pleasant and it captivated my mind for a moment. It was quiet for a while before we spoke.

"Do you know where everyone in the game stands," Brooke solicited.

"I know Vivian has very deep feelings for me," I confessed. "Penny and I have a strong bond of loyalty and Leslie feels safe with me."

"What about me," she asked.

"Instead of me guessing, why don't you just tell me about you," I prompted her.

"I was wrong about you," she declared. "You have the heart of a lion and it's melting the ice on mine."

"Why would you say you had ice on your heart," I inquired.

"Bad scars and poor decisions left me that way," she confessed. "I got cold and manipulative to protect myself. The more I am around you, the more I want to believe in someone else again."

That was a lot of pressure for her to throw on me, but I didn't mind. I pulled her closer to me as we drifted off to sleep. The rest of the week raced by. Work was chaotic and every night at home was more educational about who Brooke was and what she needed from this game. She was beautiful both inside and out when she let her guard down. We were sleeping together every night, but not having sex. That arrangement came without pretense or pressure thanks to the structure of the game. It was quite liberating.

Brooke kept me informed on how Leslie was doing, but I was thrilled and relieved when I finally heard from her myself on Friday afternoon. The phone rang at my office and I knew it was her when I saw the office number in my caller id.

"How are you," I asked as I picked up the receiver.

"Better, thanks to you," she admitted. "Thank you."

"No need to thank me," I conceded. "I did what I thought was right. You matter to all of us, so being without you is not an option I want to explore."

"That is so sweet," she replied, sniffling. I assumed she was crying and still somewhat fragile. "I am going to thank you anyway. Tomorrow at 8pm. My house."

She hung up. I wondered this time if it was the game or if she ended the call so I would not be able to tell that she was still emotional. I was truly glad she was ok but now I was conflicted again. I was starting to feel something real for Brooke but I was also looking forward to whatever the game held for me tomorrow. I was not able to determine in my own mind if it was wrong to feel both things.

I was excited to see Brooke when I got home but she was somewhat quiet. I debated asking her if we could sleep separate tonight, but thought better of hurting her feelings. I was only home a few moments when she asked me if we could sleep separate, since she had to get up early tomorrow. That made things much easier. She was one of a kind, I really believed that.

The next morning when I awoke, Brooke was already out of the house. I was unsure where she went but I knew I need to get ready for this evening. I went for a run and then watched a movie. I drifted off on the couch late in the afternoon and when I awoke I had lost track of time. It was 6:45pm. I needed to get a move on. I showered and dressed quickly, noticing that Brooke had not been home all day. I wondered where she might be. I got out the door just in time to be at Leslie's by 8. I pulled up in front of her house and made my way to the door, relieved that I was not late. I rang the bell and waited.

Leslie answered the door after a moment. Her eyes started to tear up when she saw me. I stepped into the house and she closed the door behind me. Then she threw herself into my arms and hugged me tightly. She released me and looked at me longingly.

"Thank you," she said softly. "What you did was above and beyond."

"Stop," I ordered her. "You don't have to thank me anymore. I get it, you are grateful. Next time, call me first and we'll have a cup of coffee before you melt down."

She threw herself back into my arms and squeezed me tightly again. I held her for several long moments. She pulled back from me and looked at me again, this time with tears filling her eyes.

"Why do you care about me like this," she asked. "You haven't known me that long."

"I care because you care," I revealed. "You cared enough to take the pressure and responsibility of this game, so I am responsible to care about you, like I care for everyone else in this game."

"Ok, speaking of the game," she declared, "I have an assignment for you today. It's a thank you assignment. Meet me in my room in 10 minutes."

She bolted up the stairs and I heard the door to her shut. I walked into the kitchen and looked around. There wasn't much to be seen, so I got a bottle of water from the fridge and began drinking it. I leaned against the counter, alone with my thoughts as the moments passed. Leslie was a good woman, but her emotions were a wreck right now. I wanted to help and tried to think of little things to do. I finished my water and cleared my head the best I could.

Before I knew the 10 minutes had passed. I headed up the stairs and made my way to Leslie's room. I knocked on the door then pushed it open gently. Leslie was nowhere to be found but the bathroom door was shut, so I naturally assumed she was in there. I waited patiently until she finally emerged. She was still dressed casually in the tank top and jeans she answered the door in. I looked at her curiously.

She closed the bathroom door behind her and walked over to me. She extended her neck and kissed me gently on the cheek. She walked away from me and shut the bedroom door behind her as she exited. I wondered what was going on.

The bathroom door opened and both Brooke and Penny appeared before me. They were both wearing string bikini's which highlighted there fantastic figures. Brooke's was white with blue polka dots and Penny's was red. Brooke had on white peep toe pumps and Penny was wearing red patent leather pumps. My cock started to swell as soon as I saw them.

They approached me slowly, seductively. Penny stepped behind me and began removing my shirt, pulling it over my head. Brooke knelt in front of me and undid my belt. She unbuttoned and unzipped my jeans. She removed my shoes, socks and jeans in a hurry. Penny then knelt behind me and ripped down my boxers. She tossed them aside as I stood between these two gorgeous women now completely naked. My rock hard rod was at full mast and throbbing fiercely.

Brooke lay on her back on the floor in front of me while Penny stood behind me once again. Brooke began caressing my dick with her sexy shoes. I was so turned on I began leaking precum instantly. Penny reached around me and started to stroke my tool, releasing more and more clear liquid. Penny jerked me off faster, ramming my pole with her hand. I was so turned on by this. I stood as still as possible as she pounded my pecker with hand. She yanked, pulled and tugged my shaft until it swelled inside her hand. Brooke put her sexy pumps right in front of my tool as Penny manipulated my load right out of me.

I came powerfully all over Brooke's white peep toe pumps. I rocketed stream upon stream of man milk on to them. It was quite a sexy sight, which was amplified when Penny moved over towards Brooke and licked her shoes clean of my jizz. I was so turned on by this I wanted to cum again.

Brooke stood up and Penny took her place lying on the floor in front of me. Brooke knelt next to me and grabbed my cock with her hand. She began pumping it rapidly. I knew this was not going to take long after what I just saw Penny do. I leaned my head back and closed my eyes as Brooke worked my rod with her hand. My nuts tightened as she jerked me off violently. 

My second orgasm was intense. I shot 4 medium spurts of semen onto Penny's sexy red pumps. I stood there shaking as Brooke released my dick from her grip. She leaned down and licked Penny's shoes clean. I watched with great delight until I got a head rush and lost my balance. I staggered slightly and made my way to the bed. I sat down on the edge and stared at the two of them.

They smiled at me as they both stood up and disappeared back into the bathroom. I waited several minutes and they reappeared, now fully clothed. I was again confused. They walked over to where I was sitting and each kissed me on one cheek. They turned without a word and left the room, leaving the door open as they went. I sat there completely bewildered. I lay back on the bed and drifted off.