  All characters are over 18.

*****

The time change was still screwing with my sleep pattern. I was up a little after 5 in the current time zone. It was 10 back home so I guess I did sleep in some. It was still rather dark when I climbed from bed. Autumn hadn't moved at all during the night. She still had that soft little snore as I left the room to call home and check on things.

Everything was running smoothly as Doug hadn't run into anymore problems. I relaxed with a cup of coffee and enjoyed the sunrise. I watched the people below as they moved about doing this and that. I kept busy surfing the net and waiting on Autumn to wake up.

"Morning," Autumn sighed.

"Morning," I laughed. "It's more like good afternoon."

"Is it that late?" she asked.

"It's like 1030 now."

"Sorry I slept so late," she offered.

"After last night I can't blame you."

"Yeah, about that," she started. "I'm not sure what happened after we left the club but I'm thankful you took care of me."

"You were pretty wasted so I couldn't just leave you. Besides, you had no idea where you were staying so it wasn't like I could take you home."

"Well, thank you for keeping me safe."

"You want anything?"

"Some Advil and more water would be a good start," she replied.

"Take a seat and I will be right back."

She gently took a seat and relaxed as I went and got the requested items before returning. She gratefully took them and swallowed the pills down.

"So, what exactly happened after we left the club?"

"We ran from the cops, you threw up a few times, and I got you undressed and in bed. Nothing to exciting other than that."

"Why did we run from the cops?"

"We... kind of had sex at the table in the club."

"Oh, I remember that now," she giggled. "I was bad."

"It takes two to tango," I chuckled.

"Yeah, I guess it does," she continued giggling.

"What do you want to do today?" I asked.

"I don't know," she sighed. "I'm game for anything."

"I was thinking about biking the trails or going kayaking if you're interested."

"Sounds like an adventure, count me in."

"We should probably get something to eat before we head out," I suggested.

"And maybe a change of clothes," she giggled. "I don't know how well I would be able to ride a bike with just this shirt on."

"Who says you need the shirt," I teased.

"Naked bike riding, I like your style."

"How about I get changed and I go with you back to your room. You can shower and get ready. Then we can head out and see where the day takes us."

"Sounds wonderful," she smiled.

"Your dress is in the room on the dresser."

"I'm not wearing that thing after last night," she huffed. "What's wrong with the shirt I have on?"

"Nothing, except it's my favorite and I want to get it back."

"It's comfy, I was hoping I could keep it."

"I might let it go for something in return," I smiled.

"You can keep the dress," she said with such seriousness. She waited for my reaction before she started roaring with laughter. I laughed with her before standing.

"Let me get changed then we can go."

"I will be waiting," she still laughed.

I quickly put on a pair of board shorts and a T shirt. Flip flops covered my feet as we both headed for the door. I walked behind her to the elevator and couldn't help but stare at her perfect ass as it swished back and forth under my shirt. It was driving me wild knowing she was only covered by the shirt. Anyone who looked at her and had any smarts knew that she was only wearing that. Her red heels in one hand and her fancy purse in the other were another dead giveaway.

I pressed the button and let the doors close before turning to her. Her nipples pressed hard against my shirt as she smiled at me staring at her.

"What?" she giggled.

"You are one sexy little creature," I smiled.

"Even with a tail?"

"It's hardly noticeable."

"Your stem isn't," she giggled and pointed at my crotch.

"What are you going to do about that?"

Ding!

"Not a dam thing," she sassed as she quickly left out the open door.

I followed her all the way through the lobby still watching her ass as it mesmerized me. We reached the curb and stopped as she tried to figure out where we were.

"Are you still drawing a blank as to where your room is?" I asked.

She turned and smiled at me. "Just a little dramatic effect."

"It's right over there," she pointed.

It was at the other end of the block a few hotels away from mine. We walked quickly down the street with every man she passed by gawking at her state of dress.

"Is it that obvious that I'm naked under this shirt?" she asked knowing the answer.

"No, not really. I think they are more drawn to your tail. I'm trying to hide it but you are walking to fast for me."

"Asshole," she laughed.

We turned into the lobby of the hotel and worked our way towards the elevator. The hotel wasn't bad but not as big as the one I was in. We went up five floors and exited. We quickly went down the hall and found the room she was in. She pushed the door open and we walked in. It was messy from her stay. It was the standard two bed room with a little kitchenette and a bathroom. Nothing fancy and I didn't expect it to be since it was a radio contest that gave her the trip.

"Sorry about the mess. I haven't been in here much over the past few days to keep it clean."

"It's a hotel room," I offered. "You aren't meant to keep it clean."

She slipped my shirt off and tossed it to me. "I like that dress so you can have your shirt back. Be right back."

I took in her naked body again. I had seen it plenty but I was still captivated by it. She left the bathroom door open and turned on the water. I checked out the window to see what kind of view she had. It was of the road and the building across the street. If I strained hard enough I could see the canal that ran by.

"Hey Gracin," she called. "Come here for a second."

"What do you need?" I asked.

"You want to join me?"

"I thought you would never ask."

I dropped my clothes and walked into the walk in shower. She gave a seductive smile as she let the water hit my back.

"Are you expecting something?" she teased. Her hand touched my cock that was semi hard at this point.

"Knowing you I can never tell."

"I like to be spontaneous," she smiled.

She dropped to her knees and smiled up at me. Her mouth licked a trail from the base of my cock up to my head. She teased it and giggled as I started to swell in her hand. Her mouth covered the head as she swirled her tongue around my slit.

"Did I mention I like to give head?"

"A time or two," I sighed. "You also mentioned something about getting your tonsils taken out."

"Did I?" she giggled.

She took the cue and swallowed my cock all the way down her throat. I was swelling quickly as her throat gripped my cock tightly. She quickly came off to take a breath before repeating the process several times until I was fully hard.

She stroked me as she stood. That sexy smile covered her face as she turned and faced the wall. Her back arched pressing her ass out towards me.

"I was kind of liking the blow job," I teased.

"What's in it for me?" she teased right back. "A girl has needs too."

"I could never satisfy you."

"Oh, you do just fine. Fuck me before I throw you out," she laughed.

My cock met her lips. Her heat and wetness already evident by just the slightest touch as I gasped. She pressed back as I pushed into her. I slipped inside and let her walls squeeze me for a second. Her wetness coated my cock as I pulled back.

"Um, fuck," she gasped. "Your cock feels so good in my pussy."

"You should feel it from my end," I moaned.

"Yeah," she sighed. "Oh fuck."

I started pressing in and out with more speed as her body adjusted to mine.

"Fuck my little pussy," she called. "I love your cock stretching me."

"I love your dirty mouth," I cried.

"I do have a dirty mouth don't I?" she moaned.

"And a tight little wet pussy," I groaned. "I can't decide which one I like more."

She growled as I gripped her hips and pulled her harder into my thrusts. Wet slaps of sex filled the small bathroom. Her ass rippled with each bang of our bodies. I let my hand fly and contacted her ass firmly leaving an instant red hand print against her white skin. She flipped her head around to look back at me. Her brown hair clung to the side of her face as she gasped.

"Again," she begged.

I let the opposite hand go and made the same red mark on her other cheek.

"You like it a little rough?"

"No," she gasped. "A lot rough."

I smacked her ass again.

"Yes, fuck," she yelped.

Her pussy clamped down on my cock with each slap. She was leaking from the edges and running down my sack. I loved how wet she got.

"Fuck," she cried.

She leaned up away from the wall but kept her back arched hard into me. My hands left her hips and found her tits. I cupped them and felt their weight for the first time. I rolled her nipples roughly between my finger and thumb. She reached back and dug her nails into my ass as she pulled me harder into her.

My cock slipped out suddenly and went up her ass crack.

"Whoa there buddy," she squeaked. "I'm not into that. I wouldn't shit straight for a week."

"It's an incredible feeling," I said poking her butt a little with my cock.

"Maybe for you," she smiled. "I'm not so sure about me."

I laughed at her as she leaned back forward. I found the mark and pressed all the way back into her again. I pushed her closer to the wall. She leaned against it as my hand pulled her leg up. Now she balanced on one leg as I held the other. It opened her up more and let me easily fill her all the way.

"Just don't drop me," she teased.

"You won't fall far."

I pressed deep into her and felt her end as she gasped at the suddenness of it. My cock bumped her cervix with each thrust. She only begged for more as I hammered into her.

"Going to cum hard," she warned. "You going to cum with me?"

"Fuck yeah," I cried. "I'm going to fill that little pussy of yours full too."

"Hmmm," she growled. "I love the sound of that."

She matched my thrusts with careful precision as we both closed in on release. All at once I started filling her with my seed. Her cunt clamped down as she moaned loudly letting me know she was also getting off. I filled her as she cried out in pleasure.

I let her leg drop back to the floor but continued to softly buck my hips into her soaked hole. The afterglow was incredible and I loved to continue even after I had gotten off. We were both sensitive but it was still very pleasurable. I started to soften and slipped from her. My seed ran from her and dribbled onto her leg as she turned around.

"Where did you learn to fuck so good?" she smiled.

"The school of hard knocks," I joked.

"You're so corny sometimes," she laughed. "Where the hell did I find you again?"

"Outside the insane asylum where you escaped from."

"And I thought chivalry was dead," she cooed.

She looked at me as I let the water pass by my shoulder and hit her. She smiled as her nails scratched my chest. She gently pushed me out of the way so she could get under the spray and clean her body. She rinsed off a little then turned the water off.

We toweled off together stealing glances from one another as we did. Her body was perfect at the moment. It was flush with excitement and the water that she had missed on the first pass of her towel. Her hard little nipples seemed to stick out further than I could remember. I stepped forward and used her towel to get her back. She smiled at me over her shoulder before slipping away and heading out to the main room.

I quickly dressed and followed her out. She was already in her bikini bottoms and working to get her top on over her chest. The deep red bikini contrasted her skin perfectly. Her hazel eyes sparkled as she caught me staring at her. She just smiled and adjusted the sting at the top. I sat on the bed and watched her as she slipped my shirt back over her body.

"I thought you were going to give me that back?"

"I will before I leave," she teased.

"It's going to cost you if you plan to wear it today," I teased.

"I paid my dues already," she said coyly.

"Do you mind if I check my email before we go?" she asked. "I have to check on things at home."

"Do what you have to do," I smiled. "I'm in no hurry."

She shook her mouse on the laptop and brought the screen to life. The picture on the screen caught my eye.

"Did you take that?"

"I sure did," she smiled. "It was the sunset on the lake back home."

"It's really good," I complimented her. "Do you have any more on there?"

"I have all kinds of pictures. Let me check my mail and I will show you some."

She clicked away as I laid back and relaxed on the bed for the moment. I didn't want to intrude on her personal life so I gave her some space. She finished up and turned to me. She smiled at me and curled up next to me with her laptop sitting between us. She started clicking into some folders and showed me an array of pictures she had taken.

"These are really good," I said.

"Thank you," she smiled.

"You really do know your stuff don't you?"

"I'm sure I'm not as good as you," she offered. "You being the professional and all."

"No, these are really good. You must have played with the camera settings to get these."

"There's more to taking pictures than pointing and clicking. You can change the exposure and shutter speed and really get things to pop."

I agreed with her and we got more into a few of her photos. She even showed me something I wasn't that good at. This girl was amazing I thought as she smiled and explained her work. We spent about an hour looking and talking about photography before she closed the lid and rolled from bed.

"Are you ready?" she asked.

"Lead the way."

We went out and found a wing place nearby to get a bit to eat. We ate and talked again. I really found her fascinating for her age. She had more intelligence than I gave her credit for. We shared the same interests and had a lot in common. It was so refreshing to meet someone like her. We finished lunch all too quickly and decided we better get going. We left the restaurant and walked across the street.

"What do you want to do?" I asked. "You want to ride the bikes or kayak?"

"Why can't we do both?" she questioned.

"We can," I said. "I just didn't know how worn out you were."

"I can sleep when I'm dead."

We caught a cab and took it to a bike rental shop. The rental guy set us up on two easier to ride bikes since we weren't doing anything extreme on them. We just wanted to ride the bike path around Pearl Harbor so we didn't need anything that special. The guy drank Autumn in the whole time he was getting us set up. He left us alone once we he told us to head down the road and make a right if we wanted to see more on the harbor.

"I am going to need some sunscreen on unless you want me to be a lobster later on," she said.

"I wouldn't want that," I laughed. "It's bad enough you have a tail."

"So funny," she giggled.

"Let me see where we can get some," I offered.

She squinted and smiled at me as the sun beat down on us.

"You should have brought some sunglasses too."

"I forgot them back at the room," she sighed.

"We can pick you up a pair with the lotion."

I went back inside and asked the guy where there was a fishing shop. There was one just on the other side of the bike path. Autumn and I started down the street and found the fish and tackle store. We went inside and I grabbed the sunscreen as she looked at some cheap sunglasses.

"What are you doing?" I asked.

"I think I like these," she said holding a pair.

"What the hell are those?" I asked.

"Sunglasses," she replied like she had done something wrong.

"No, those are crap," I hissed. "If you're going to get sunglasses, get some sunglasses."

"What's wrong with these?" she smiled.

"Excuse me, sir," I said to the salesman. "Can we look at some sunglasses?"

"Right this way," he said taking us to the locked glass case of expensive sunglasses.

"These are glasses," I said to Autumn as she looked at them.

"Expensive sunglasses," she quipped. "Holy shit, why are they so much money?"

"Because they are made to last," I replied. "Try on a pair and see the difference."

She sighed as she looked at the case and pointed to one. He opened the case and took them out. She put them on and looked around.

"See what I mean?" I asked.

"Yeah, but they will break the bank," she hissed.

"Do you like them?" I asked.

"I do but not for the price."

"You buy the sunscreen and I will get the glasses," I offered.

"No, I couldn't have you do that."

"Sure you can," I said.

"Are you sure?" she questioned me as she looked at the glasses again.

"I wouldn't offer if I wasn't sure."

"Fine," she smiled. "Gawd, what am I going to do to have to pay you back for this?"

"I'm sure you can think of something."

The sales guy laughed as he took the stuff to the register and rang up the total.

She smiled as we walked out of the shop back to the bikes. We started down the trail and rode along slowly stopping here and there to check out the sights. We enjoyed each other's company for a few hours before we returned to the bike shop and returned the bikes.

We took a cab back to the hotel and walked down the beach until we found the kayak rental shop. The guy gave us the basics on how to use them before we launched.

"You have to put some sunscreen on me or I will burn," she said.

She slipped her shirt off her body as I sighed to myself. I knew what was under the shirt but still her body was intoxicating to me. She only smiled as I drank her in from behind my sunglasses.

"Here," she teased handing me the bottle and running her hand over my chest.

"Oh yeah, sunscreen, right," I said shaking myself out of my stupor.

I started lathering her body up as the rental guy watched on with envy. I slowly crossed her tummy all the way around to her back. I slipped my fingers under her bottom and gave it a little squeeze as I moved down to her legs.

"Gracin," she sassed.

"What, I have to make sure everything is covered."

"I bet," she giggled her little giggle.

The rental guy laughed a little as I stood and handed her the bottle. I pulled my shirt off and smiled at Autumn.

"Do me."

"Later," she giggled again.

She started to lather my back as the rental guy now took off back to the rental counter. She worked quickly and was finished in no time. We pushed off and headed out into the water.

We paddled out and worked our way down the coast line. It was beautiful and very peaceful with just the two of us slowly paddling along and wasting time. We ended up way down the coast line and we could clearly see Diamond Head. I was looking at the cliffs when her kayak banged into mine.

"Watch it," I laughed.

"You watch it."

I turned mine hard into hers and banged into her again. She splashed water at me and stunned me with the cool water hitting my face. I returned fire and soaked her in one slash. She tried to dodge it and tipped to hard.

"Ah fuck," she cried as she bailed out and ended up in the water. "Fuck, I'm going to get eaten by a shark."

"Don't say that," I said.

I turned towards her and let her cling to the side of mine.

"How the fuck am I going to get back in?"

"Grab on to yours and I will paddle us quickly to shore. You can get back in that way."

"Hurry up so I don't get eaten."

"I'm going," I laughed.

"Here," she said handing me her glasses. "I'd rather get eaten than lose these."

I opened the little cubby and tossed them inside. I paddle quickly to shore. The second her feet hit the sand she grabbed the side of my kayak and dumped me out. I knew it was coming so I slid out with some grace but I still got soaked.
