 All characters are over 18.

*****

We were both lazy the next morning as we woke up but lay there just holding each other and letting the sunlight spill into the room.

"What do you want to do today?" I asked.

"I don't care," she yawned. "I could lay here all day with you."

"I wouldn't mind that one bit. The only thing I have to do is get those pictures down to the front desk so Brandy can get them before she leaves."

"You better go then," she yawned again. "I will be waiting for you to come back."

I slipped from the bed and grabbed a shirt. I turned and looked back at Autumn laying there smiling at me. I blew her a kiss before I left the room and grabbed the stick. I headed down to the front desk and made sure the desk clerk understood that Brandy or somebody in her immediate family had to get this before they checked out. He had heard the story already and said he would make sure they got them.

I came back to the room and checked the bed. Autumn was nowhere to be found. I checked the balcony and saw her sitting there in one of the chairs sipping on coffee.

"I thought we were staying in bed all day?"

"It's so beautiful out here I just couldn't," she smiled. "I wanted to get tan while I was here."

"How's that working out for you?"

"Well," she giggled. "I'm still rather pale."

"You can't tan with most of your body covered."

"Are you trying to get me naked?"

"Who me?" I teased. "Why would I want to do a thing like that?"

"Because you want to see my ass," she smiled.

"Yeah, and other parts of you too."

"Like what?" she asked coyly. "Maybe this?"

She started to lift the shirt up her legs until it rested above her navel. Her little cunny came into view as her legs parted lightly.

"And," I begged lifting my hands up to show her I wanted to see more.

She slowly teased me as she lifted the shirt further up her body until her tits came into view. Slowly the shirt left her body as she dropped it on the floor.

"Now you can tan," I smiled as I sat down next to her.

"What about you?" she asked.

"I'm pretty tan already. Besides, I don't want anyone to see me naked."

She glanced around the area as I said this. We were pretty high up but the other buildings around us were just as high. Anyone could look out and see her sitting there naked.

"Do I need to convince you?" she teased.

"That might help."

She left her chair and straddled my legs while still standing. Her hands caught the bottom of my shirt and slowly lifted it away from my body and over my head. She wrapped it around my arms as I lifted them in the air and held them above my head. She smiled as she kissed me softly. I opened my mouth and found her tongue as she panted into my mouth.

She let my arms free and took the shirt off them. She dropped it on the floor next to the one already there. My hands couldn't help but touch her body and feel her warm skin. She softly batted my hands away and hooked her fingers on the waist band of my pants. I lifted and allowed her to remove them. They piled up at my ankles.

"Hello my friend," she smiled as she saw my excited cock.

Her fingers curled around the base as she studied it. She squatted down between my legs and blew on it. She smiled up at me as her mouth covered the head. I moaned as she used her tongue to circle the head and tease my slit. Slowly she took more of it into her mouth and until I bumped the back of her throat.

"You are good with your mouth," I sighed.

She pulled free and smiled up at me. "That's not the only opening I'm talented with."

"Oh?" I questioned. "I don't know about that."

"Hmmm," she growled. "I can show you."

"By all means please do."

She stood and straddled my legs again as she lowered herself down onto my shaft. I sank into her as she settled onto my lap and leaned in to find my mouth. She undulated her hips as we kissed hard and deep. She gasped into my mouth as she pressed me deep into her and rocked her hips. My shaft rode hard on her clit making her pant as she broke the kiss.

"How am I going to get tan if you're blocking the sun?"

"You said you were tan enough," she cooed.

"That I am," I smiled.

She rocked her hips harder making her moan as the pleasure rocked her core. Her clit pressed hard on the base of my cock as she squeezed her muscles tight. I moaned as my mouth found a nipple and sucked it into my mouth.

"Hmm," she growled. "My nipples are so sensitive right now. You're going to make me cum."

"What's wrong with that?" I asked still holding her nipple in my teeth.

"Not a dam thing," she cooed.

My hands left her back and traveled down to find her ass. I squeezed the soft flesh roughly as she rocked her hips harder. My hands gripped her cheeks and pulled them apart opening her cunny up more to my penetration. I used them as leverage to force her down harder on my cock. She only moaned louder and pressed her tit harder into my mouth.

I wanted to give the other one some attention so I released and licked a trail across her chest until I found the other nipple. It was just as hard and protruding as the other one. I sucked it into my mouth and caught it with my teeth. Her hands had been wrapped loosely around my neck as she rode me. Now she pushed them onto my shoulders and dug her nails in and she bounced harder. I aided in driving her harder onto my lap as my hands still held her cheeks open.

She was roughly bouncing on my lap now as I continued to bite her nipple. The chair was shifting slowly across the floor as she drove me deep inside of her. I could feel her cunny start to tighten as she pressed her head next to my ear. Her hot breath on my cheek made me smile as she warned she was cumming. Her slippery cunt squeezed my cock as she flooded my lap.

Quick pants of lust hit my face as she creamed me then slowed her pace as she recovered. I released her nipple as she pulled back from me. My spit coated it and left it swollen and redder than normal. Her hand turned my face to her lips as she locked them on mine and we kissed. She was just turning her hips ever so slightly letting my cock feel how wet she was. My tongue raked her teeth as we kissed and she recovered.

Now she smiled down at me as she leaned back. My hands fell away from her ass and climbed her sides to tickle her ribs. She only giggled a seductive giggle as she rested her forehead against mine again.

"Fuck that was good."

"Tell me about it."

"Well, I have a toe cramp if that's any indication."

"That good," I smiled.

"Yeah. You want to get me from behind?"

"I'll get you anyway you want," I teased.

"Hmm," she growled.

She lifted herself from my lap and stood. I climbed from the chair as she glanced around at the area again. I laughed at her looking around. She giggled before placing her knees on the chair and pointing her ass back at me. I quickly took my cock into my hand and ran it over her slit to find the mark. I pressed into her until my hips met her ass.

It rippled nicely as I bottomed out and retracted until just the tip was resting inside her lips. Her cute little lips parted around my cock as I pressed back into her again. As I retracted I watched the trail of white cream coat my cock.

I built a nice pace of in and out as she moaned with pleasure. I gave her ass a smack and watched it rippled as she yelped with pleasure.

"This is kind of hurting my knees," she moaned.

I pulled out and watched her cunt close tightly as I stepped back. I pulled her hips and helped her stand. She turned as I met her mouth again and kissed her. She never missed a beat as she jumped into my arms and wrapped her legs around my body. She guided her cunny onto my cock before wrapping her legs around my waist. I pumped into her as I moved from the balcony into the open slider.

She kept humping my cock as I moved us into the living area to the couch where all this started a few days ago. I set her on the arm rest of the couch. She moved herself to get more comfortable but never lost me as she leaned onto the back of the couch and banged her head off the wall.

"Fuck," she grunted.

"Shit, I hope that didn't knock any sense into you."

"Nope," she giggled. "Keep fucking me."

She rested on the arm rest and on the back of the couch as I continued plunging into her soaked cunny. I pulled the couch away from the wall a little and kept on driving into her. She looked uncomfortable as she tried to support herself and enjoy the fucking she was getting.

I pulled her back into my arms and off the couch. I turned and started moving through the room again as she continued to fuck me as I walked. I reached the kitchen table and set her on the edge of it. She smiled as she rested her hands behind her but kept her legs tightly wrapped around my body.

I reached back and held her legs in my grip as I bent my knees. I had the perfect angle now as I pressed into her pussy harder. She cried out in pleasure as I hit her cervix and her spots deep inside her cunt. My mouth found her nipple again as she raked her fingers through my hair. I thrust my hips hard and fast into her as she moaned.

"I'm close," she yelped. "Will you come with me?"

"You know I will," I grunted as I chewed her nipple.

"Fuck, yes," she cooed. "Cum with me. Fuck my pussy and fill me."

I changed my grip again as my lust took over. Her legs quickly flew up and rested on my shoulders. I wrapped my arms under her armpits and hooked my hands on her shoulder from behind. She was bent in half now as her knees pressed against her chest as I pulled her hard towards me. This opened her cunt up completely and let me press deep inside of her. She wrapped her arms around her legs and my neck as she panted. I started flooding her cunt with my seed as her cunt clamped down on my cock again. My forehead pressed hard into hers as I fired thick ropes of cum into her creaming cunt until I was spent.

She panted into my face as I still fucked her lightly and let her cunt milk every last drop from me. I couldn't help but find her swollen lips and kiss her again. We kissed tenderly for a minute as we basked in the afterglow of great sex.

"That's a good way to start the day," she puffed.

"I couldn't agree more."

"Do you think you can carry me to the bathroom so we can take a shower?"

"Can I fuck you again?"

"Maybe," she teased.

We untangled enough so I could pull her from the table. She wrapped her arms and legs back around my body as she giggled at how easily I could move her. With each step my cock slipped around in her wetness until I reached the shower. I smiled at her as I stepped right in and turned the water on.

"No," she shrilled. "Ho, fuck that's cold."

"I don't feel anything," I laughed.

"Fucker," she giggled so hard she snorted.

I laughed as she covered her mouth in embarrassment.

"You're so cute," I still laughed.

"Shut up and wash me," she ordered while still laughing.

The water warmed quickly as I found the hotel soap and a cloth. I squeezed out some and lathered it up. I took my time washing her body before stepping back to let her rise off. We switched spots and she cleaned my body. I rinsed off and took her back into my arms again. We spent another couple of minutes kissing and letting the water pelt our bodies before we got out.

We toweled off before we went back into the bedroom.

"You want to get a bit to eat?" I asked.

"Yeah," she agreed. "And if I can I would like to clean up my room and bring my stuff here. No sense in me going back and forth when I'm going to end up here again tonight."

"Let me get dressed and we can get your stuff."

"I thought we could go just like this," she giggled.

"There you go thinking again," I laughed.

"Yeah stupid me," she laughed back.

We stepped on the elevator and I couldn't help but laugh at her again.

"What?" she asked knowing full well what I was laughing at.

"We seem to be making a habit of this."

"Of what?" she stilled played dumb.

"You wearing just my shirt and nothing else and us walking back down the street to your room."

"And you say it likes it's a bad thing," she teased.

"I didn't say that. I just find it funny."

"I find it funny too," she giggled. "And a little thrilling."

The door opened as she smiled a devious smile and stepped out.

"Behave Autumn," I warned.

"Always," she smiled back.

We trotted down the sidewalk and got more looks than we did the previous day. She smiled and turned a little red as we quickly moved into the lobby of her hotel and then up to her room.

"Ah," she sighed. "Home sweet home."

The dress from last night remained crumpled on the floor in a heap where we had left it. More dirty clothes covered the one bed. There was a pile near her suitcase where it was open and clean clothes were tossed about.

"Gosh, it's a mess," she sighed as we both stood looking around it. "I'm much cleaner when I'm home."

"It's a vacation," I offered. "Keeping clean is about the last thing on anyone's mind when you leave town."

"Well," she sighed again. "Where do I start?"

"Get everything into a pile and go from there," I said.

"You make it sound so easy," she laughed.

I started piling her clothes in a pile on the bed with the ones that were already there. In a couple of minutes we both had everything on the bed. She picked out her clothes for the day then started putting things that were dirty on one side and clean on the other. We cleaned up and had everything ready to roll in about twenty minutes.

"That wasn't so bad," I said.

"You would make a good butler," she teased.

"Dam Autumn," I laughed. "I went from charming and a good kisser yesterday to the butler today. I'm going downhill fast."

She laughed again as my shirt slipped from her body. She threw it back at me and still smiled as she pulled on a pair of cut off jean shorts. Then she put on a plain white bra and a white tank top. She brushed her hair and tied it back into a ponytail before finding her flip flops. It was then I noticed how little the shorts covered her.

"Dam," I whistled.

She just smiled at my comment and closed the lid to zip it shut.

"That's everything," she said. "Are you ready to get lunch?"

"Forget about lunch," I said. "Those shorts are driving me crazy already."

"Later," she smiled. "I'm hungry at the moment."

"Lead the way."

I followed her out of the room as she carried her carryon bag and her laptop case. I pulled her suitcase as we went back to my room. My eyes couldn't get enough of her ass in those apple bottom cutoff jeans. The small frays were hanging off the supple skin off her cheeks giving them a little mystery. My cock was swollen as we reached elevator in the lobby. She took great pleasure in seeing me suffer and only wagged her finger at me when I tried to cup her cheeks.

We dropped her stuff off in my room before heading out to find something to eat. We decided to walk to the mall. It was a little further than expected but we made it there in time. We weren't in any big hurry so it was a fun walk and gave us another chance to talk. We found a burger joint and took a seat.

We ate lunch then walked around the mall for a little while.

"Do you know what we should do?" I asked.

She giggled. "We will later."

"Ha, not that," I smiled. "We should rent a car and use these dam cameras for something."

"Ok," she smiled. "What did you have in mind?"

"I think we should go to Diamondhead and see what it's all about."

"I would need my hiking shoes."

"Well duh," I teased. "I'm not hiking up a mountain in flip flops."

"So let's go."

It took about a half an hour but we rented a car and returned to the room to change our shoes. With cameras in hand we took off down the interstate to the park. We set off on the trip to the lookout point.

We took our time and snapped pictures of various things that caught our eyes. I took a few pics of Autumn in those short little shorts. They were still driving me wild the way they hugged her ass and let them hang out just a little. My cock still hadn't let me forget either. It remain half swollen the whole way.

We reached the midway point and took a short break. Then we continued on through a tunnel and along some stairs. The final climb was up a steep flight that led us to the top.

"Stop pinching my ass Gracin," she sassed as we got about half way up the steps.

"It wasn't me," I teased.

"Right, it was some other guy as perverted as you," she giggled.

I gave it a soft slap. "Come on, you like it."

"I do but I don't want to fall."

"I will catch you."

"How reassuring," she giggled again.

We finally reached the top. The view was incredible. You could see almost forever as we stood there and looked out over the side of the cliff. We spent a few minutes snapping pictures before we turned back and started going down. She made me led the way down.

We strolled along holding hands and laughing about this and that.

"I'm thirsty," she sighed as we reached the car.

"Good thing I brought waters."

I opened the door for her. She leaned in and grabbed one from the cup holder in the center. That ass pointed my direction and I couldn't help but cup it. She only giggled and remained bent over as she took a sip. My fingers tried to press under the fabric so I could touch underneath. It was pulled tight but I managed to get one inside and touched her cunny.

"What are you doing?" she questioned coyly.

"Trying to get in your shorts," I teased.

"How's that working for you?"

"It's a tight squeeze."

"You could just ask me to take them off."

"What?"

I felt her hands working the button as she wiggled her hips around. The shorts opened and I now had room to slide my fingers in easier.

"You're bad Autumn," I teased.

"You started it."

"So, should I finish it?"

"That's up to you," she smiled over her shoulder.

I glanced around the parking lot and found we were rather secluded where we were. My cock swelled with blood as the thought of fucking her in the parking lot excited me.

"You wouldn't let me," I said calling her bluff.

"Really," she cooed.

Her hands pulled the shorts free from her hips. They started to fall but were stopped by my hand still pressed between her legs.

"Your move."

I pulled my hand away and worked my Velcro open on my shorts. My cock quickly poked out the hole as I stepped forward. The tip just touched her wet slit as she giggled again. I glanced around and didn't see anyone close by. I pressed forward and started to slip into her wetness.

"Hmmm, fuck," she gasped as I penetrated her.

"Dam you're wet," I sighed.

"I know," she cooed.

I pressed into her until my hips bumped into her ass. It sent a nice ripple up her cheeks.

"Fuck me," she begged.

I started pushing into her with more speed now. She moaned a stream of yeses and fucks as I locked my hands around her hips. I kept watching her ass ripple while glancing around to see if anyone was near.

I slowed as I saw a couple walking towards us.

"Someone's coming," I warned.

"Yeah, me," she whimpered.

"Fuck Autumn," I gasped.

I pulled free and leaned against the door as she stood and pulled her shorts up her legs. She knelt down and started teasing my cock as the couple got to their car a few away from us and climbed in. I glanced down to see Autumn looking up at me as she slowly took my cock into her mouth. She teased the soft flesh on the underside as I looked over my shoulder again and saw the car pull away.

"Get up," I begged.

She smiled up at me and stood. Her shorts hit the ground again as she bent back over the seat again. Her pink and swollen cunny came back into view again as she waited for me. I wasted no time and found her wetness again.

"Where were we?"

"I was about to cum," she moaned.
