 I sat there in the shade of the tiki bar and sipped on something smooth from a little umbrella covered glass. It felt good to finally be on vacation and away from work. It had been almost two years since the last time I had taken time off. Hawaii had always been on my 'to do list' so I was thrilled to finally be here and enjoying my vacation.

It had taken me a few years to build my company from the ground up. I had struggled through the first two years and barely turned a profit. I hardly had enough to keep my doors open and keep my employees paid. I got a big contract with a company and it saved me from going under. I signed a few more earlier this year and I was slated to turn in a midrange six figure profit this year. I had more money than I had dreamed of now. I wasn't rich by any stretch but I was living very well. I deserved this vacation and was enjoying it.

It hadn't been all stress free to this point though. I got a phone call yesterday shortly after I had landed. My second hand man Doug, whom I left in charge while I was gone, had run into a problem with some kind of copy right. I had to spend two hours figuring out who to contact and how to get the issue resolved. So far today I hadn't gotten any phone calls and found myself relaxing.

I was people watching and checking out the ladies of course. Most of them were older but they were still nice to look at. There were some young ones around my age but they were toting along their significant others and I didn't want to approach them. I should have been toting along my significant other as well. That was the whole reason for this trip to be honest.

I booked this trip a few months ago and was looking forward to getting away from everything with her. Things were going well between us but they took a dive about a month ago. She said she was bored with the life that we were leading together. She wanted something more exciting and she didn't think I could give that to her. I tried to make a change for her. We started going out more and doing things together. I was only going into work four days a week and piling more and more stuff on Doug.

In the end it wasn't enough. She said she wasn't happy anymore and wanted to see what else was out there. I had to let her go. We had been together for over a year so it hurt to see her go. I dam near canceled this trip but Doug convinced me that I needed some time away and that I should go. I was reluctant to leave him in charge with a project still in progress and having put so much on him over the past few months. I promised him a vacation of his own that I would pay for. He jumped at that so off I went.

I had been here for two days now. I had spent my time relaxing mostly here at the bar. Maybe I was a little boring but with nothing really motivating me I didn't feel like doing anything. I just sat here and sipped away for a while then I would head back to the room for a midafternoon nap before heading out to explore.

I made small talk with the bar tender. It was slow in the tiki hut today so he had time to stop over and chat with me. He wasn't the most interesting person I had run into in my life but he was passing the time. I guess you could say the natives were restless.

"Who is that?" I said mostly to myself but loud enough the bartender heard me.

"Beats me," he answered not really looking.

"She is pretty."

"Yeah, pretty is a dime a dozen around here man," he said uninterested.

I watched as the girl that had my interest walked casually down the beach with a camera in hand. She stopped every so often and snapped a photo of various things. I had always been into art and photography so that coupled with her body really sparked my interest. I had never been a shy person and wasn't afraid to talk to anybody. So what if you got rejected, you never know until you try.

I pushed away from my seat and started to walk her way. I had no idea what I was going to say but the idea would come to me.

"Hey, what about your tab?" the bartender called.

"Yeah, yeah," I hissed. "I will be right back."

I watched the girl as I moved through a few people and lounge equipment. Soon enough I was within twenty feet of her. She didn't even notice I was there as she started shoveling the sand around by her feet and buried them.

"What are you digging for?" I asked.

"Nothing," she laughed.

"Must be something," I teased. "Normal people don't just dig in the sand for no reason."

"Who says I'm normal?" she laughed.

I instantly knew she was going to talk to me and not blow me off right away. Just by those few words she was open and willing to meet new people.

"I try to give everyone the benefit of the doubt but I must have been mistaken," I joked right back.

She laughed again before turning her head up towards me for the first time. She had a huge smile on her face. It went from ear to ear it was so big. Her lips were big and full both on the top and bottom. Her teeth were pearl white but they were not perfectly straight but they weren't a mangled mess either. It made her smile sexy.

Her hazel eyes studied me as I smiled back at her. They were full of life and curiosity as they read my look. Her face was full and somewhat long but beautiful nonetheless. She stood up now and held her camera out in front of her as she went to snap a picture.

"I'm trying to make it look like I don't have any feet," she giggled.

I heard the shutter click.

"Here," I offered. "Let me smooth the sand out so you can't tell you piled it up over your feet then."

I knelt down and brushed the sand around to make it look more natural. I made the sand pile up to the bottom of her acid washed blue jeans which I found odd for being on the beach. I looked up at her as she snapped another photo.

"That's going to cost you," I smiled.

She brushed the curly dark brown hair from her face as she laughed.

"Really, and why is that?" she questioned.

"This face is worth a lot of money," I said. "I can't let you just go around snapping pictures for free."

She laughed. She laughed so hard she doubled over and held her stomach. She finally calmed down and snapped another photo of her feet in the sand before kicking them free.

"How much do I owe you for the photo," she asked.

"Let me buy you a drink and we can discuss the details."

"I'm a.....not quite old enough to drink," she said almost embarrassed.

"Are you trying to blow me off?"

"No, trust me, no, I'm almost 20."

"It's Hawaii, I'm sure they will let you slide. You are on vacation aren't you or do you live here?"

"Vacation," she smiled.

"So live a little," I encouraged.

"If you get me in trouble," she started.

"I will bail you out but.......you will owe me big time."

That laugh filled my ears again. It was so pure and innocent. There wasn't a hint of fakeness to it at all. She was genuinely interested in me and what I had to say. I loved her voice too. It was a little nasally and squeaky but in a non-annoying and sexy kind of way.

"I'm Gracin by the way," I said holding my hand out.

"Autumn," she smiled taking my lightly and shaking it.

"I love that name, very sexy and different. Refreshing like an autumn breeze."

"Wow, so original," she laughed.

"I know right, I'm a loser. You've probably heard that one a thousand times."

"This month," she laughed. "Come on loser, where is my drink?"

"Over there where that pissed off looking bartender is standing," I pointed. "He thinks I'm going to run off with you and not pay the tab."

"You want to ditch him?" she asked slyly.

"After I get you a drink," I laughed.

We started walking to the bar. She followed me through all the chairs and people as I took us back to right where I had come from. I pulled out a stool for her and she sat willingly and smiled at me as I took my seat.

"What will it be?" the bartender asked.

"I will have what he is having," she said.

He didn't even bother to check her I.D. he just went and started making her a drink.

"So, where are you from?" I asked.

"I'm from Sunnyvale. What about you?"

"Where's that at?" I asked lost. I knew my geography and thought it was in California but I wasn't sure.

"California," she said almost annoyed.

"I thought so. I just wanted to be sure."

"Where are you from?" she asked again.

"Tampa."

"Florida?" she said sarcastically.

"I guess I had that one coming?"

She giggled.

"What brings you to Hawaii?" I asked.

"I actually won this trip in a radio contest," she cheered. "I couldn't believe it when they called my name. I was like holy shit, that's me."

"That's so cool. I always thought those things were rigged and nobody won."

"I know right. Guess you can put that one to bed."

"So, what do you do when you aren't winning radio contests and on vacation in paradise?"

"Oh, I'm just a waitress," she said low and embarrassed.

"Don't be embarrassed by that," I said feeling her uneasiness. "I'm a loser remember."

"It's not my life's aspiration to be a server," she laughed lighting back up.

"I figured as much. What do you want to do? I see you have a rather expensive camera and are taking some rather challenging shots."

"I would like to be a model," she smiled.

"Run way model, fashion model, bikini model....... nude model?"

"I don't know," she sighed. "I guess a bikini or lingerie model."

"Kind of hard to model a bikini in jeans on a beach," I joked.

"I didn't plan to come to the beach," she laughed. "It just sort of happened. I started snapping shots and the next thing I know I'm on the beach with some strange guy talking to me."

"Who's the strange guy," I teased. "Point him out and I will take care of him for you."

She filled the bar with that laugh again. I even laughed along with her as the bartender placed her drink down in front of her.

"I know you're not talking about me," I laughed. "If I was a stranger you wouldn't know my name."

"True," she giggled.

"So, have you gotten any work in modeling?"

"No." Then she thought about it for a minute. "Well, I did some modeling for a friend but it wasn't anything professional."

"Why not? You have a great body from what I can tell. Unless you have a tail or something hiding under those jeans."

She smiled as I watched her move her hair around her neck and place it off to one side. She tilted her head just slightly and exposed her neck as she looked at me. It was a good sign that she felt at ease with me.

"I just don't know anyone in the business. Like, nobody comes up and talks to me like you did. It was so refreshing to have you do that."

"It never hurts to meet new people," I offered.

"I know but I'm a little shy when it comes to things like that. People can be mean sometimes you know?"

I looked at her in confusion now. She smiled and took a long drink through the straw as I looked at her.

"You say you're shy but yet you followed a total stranger from the beach to the bar and have been sitting here with me for fifteen minutes talking to me like we are old friends."

She laughed again. "You're not a stranger, I know your name, remember?"

We both laughed again as we took sips from our drinks.

"Like, I guess I'm not shy like that," she continued. "I guess I don't like to be rejected or turned down."

"I guess that's something that's never bothered me," I replied. "I walked right up to you and started talking. If you would have told me to get lost I would have and never thought twice about it."

"I can see that," she giggled.

"I will tell you what," I started. "I happen to be a photographer and I can take a few pictures of you and see what I can do for you."

She smiled at me as I said this to her but she still looked reluctant to agree.

"If you want to I mean. I can't promise anything but I can get your face out there and maybe somebody will bite."

"I don't know," she sighed.

"Totally up to you Autumn. It isn't every day you run into somebody who is willing to help out. At worst you don't get any calls and you can live your life waiting tables."

She looked down and slugged down more of her drink. That must have hit a nerve and maybe I shouldn't have said that. I was still kind of stunned I had offered to take pictures of her anyway. Sometimes my mouth got ahead of my mind and it got me in trouble. Lucky for me I did have a camera and knew how to take pictures.

"Where did you want to take these photos?" she relented.

"All my stuff is back in my room. We can go there and see what you think or we can try and find a spot to snap a few."

"You're not going to turn me into dog food are you?" she teased.

"Naw, they wouldn't let me bring my meat grinder on the plane," I laughed. "I didn't want to check it since they lost the last one I had."

"You just can't find good help these days can you?" she fired right back. "Fucking airports."

"Hey," I called to the bartender. "Here."

I handed him a fifty and turned to Autumn. "You ready?"

"You going to get your change?" she questioned.

"Fuck it," I chuckled. "When you hit the big time, just remember who got you started."

"What do you do for a living again?" she asked.

"I told you, I work in photography and advertising."

"It must pay pretty good," she pressed.

"I'm on vacation, money isn't a concern until I get home."

"I got five hundred dollars in spending money for this trip so every little bit counts for me."

"Let's go take these photos and make you millions."

"That would sure be nice."

We made small talk as we went through the lobby and to the elevators. We climbed to the upper floors of the hotel and went into my room. It wasn't the fanciest room but it was a one bedroom with a full kitchen and living area. She sat on the couch as I found my camera and tried to get more light into the room.

"So, what kind of shots do you want to do?" I asked.

"You're the camera guy," she smiled. "You tell me what I should do."

"Do you want to fix your hair or anything? I think the natural wind tossed looks great on you to be honest."

"We can stick with that," she smiled. "Not like you have a brush for me to fix my hair anyway."

"True," I sighed. "You got me there."

I looked at her sitting there and was still surprised she had come all the way up here. I raised my camera and took a shot of her sitting on the couch.

"Seeing as how I found you on the beach and you want to do some bikini modeling, go ahead and take off your top and pants so we can get started."

"Ummm," she said shyly. "I'm not wearing a bikini under this."

"Ok," I said. "Let's skip the bikini shots for now and jump right into lingerie. Take the top off."

"Well," she said slowly. "I'm not wearing anything under the top."

"Oh," I said taken aback by that. It never occurred to me she had nothing on under her tank top. "You're making this quite difficult for me aren't you?"

"I try," she smiled.

"What do you want to do then?" I asked.

"I guess we can do some topless stuff," she said coyly.

"That's up to you. Don't do anything you don't feel comfortable with."

"You only live once," she laughed. "Don't be too hard on me."

"You look beautiful," I said quickly. "I just hope your tail isn't too hard to hide."

"Dick," she laughed.

She turned her back to me and pulled her top over her head. She dropped it to the floor before turning back around to face me. She kept her one arm over her chest to hide her modesty for the moment. She just smiled that smile that I had already started to like a lot. Slowly her arm fell away revealing her body to me.

"Dam," I gasped. "Those are amazing."

"Don't lie," she giggled.

"I'm not."

Her tits hung there like perfect teardrops. Her stomach was flat and firm with that little pouch that all girls have. Her nipples were tiny and stuck off her chest perfectly. A quarter could cover her nipples and her areolas.

"You look fantastic."

"You've probably seen tits a thousand times before," she laughed.

"I don't normally do nude stuff," I relented.

I snapped a few shots of her as she stood there and turned this way and that way.

"What about the pants?" I asked. "I hope you have something on under them."

"I do but I'm sure I'm going to lose them both before long. I may as well get that over with now."

With that she dropped her pants and the wide thong. She was turned to the side as she stepped out of them. I was snapping shots as she moved about. She finally turned and faced me. She was beat red from embarrassment as she stood before me. I snapped a close up of her landing strip leading down to her cunny. It was puffy and swollen and looked more than fuckable.

She turned cupped her hands together between her legs and shyly covered herself as she twisted from side to side in a nervous way. My cock was almost fully swollen in my shorts as I took a few more shots then looked up at her. She wore nothing but a smile as I looked at her eyes.

"This is kind of awkward," she giggled.

"We can stop if you want to," I assured her.

"No, it's just weird to be the only one naked."

"What, do you want me to take my shirt off or something?" I asked.

"Yeah," she chirped quickly.

"I can do that," I said confidently.

I set the camera down as I pulled my shirt off. She stepped forward and picked the camera up as I pulled my shirt off over my head. She took a few shots of me as I dropped my shirt to the floor and looked for the camera.

"Holy shit," she sighed. "You are ripped. I've never seen a six pack before."

I smiled to myself as she said this. I'm not steroided out with muscles on top of muscles. I'm just over six feet and weigh in around 190 so I'm cut and proportioned. I've got some flab but I've got a lot of muscle. I guess I've got some definition to my body as my ex put it.

"Yeah," I said raspy and macho. "I've been working out."

She giggled as she panned down to my distended cock and snapped a shot.

"Is that a roll of quarters in your pocket?" she asked slyly.

"I don't have pockets."

Her laughter filled the room as I stood there and flexed a little for show.

"What about the shorts?" she asked. She bit her finger as she asked.

"If I didn't know any better I would say you are trying to get me naked."

"Dam," she laughed. "You caught me."

"Don't be too hard on me," I sighed as I hooked my shorts.

"From what I can see, it's already hard."

I dropped my shorts and stood proudly before her as she gasped. I wasn't huge but I knew I was better than most.

"Can I have the camera back so we can continue?" I asked.

"Oh, yeah," she said.

She handed it back to me then turned to walk back to the couch. I took a few shots as she moved away. Her ass was a perfect heart shape and looked good through the lens as I took it in. I noticed the tramp stamp on her lower back and took a shot of that too.

"Nice tattoo," I offered.

"It was my rebellious stage," she smiled. "I don't care for it but I'm stuck with it."

"You got anymore?"

"No, just that one."

She looked over her shoulder at me as I snapped another shot. Her body was incredible. Her skin was a soft white that was sharply contrasted by her deep red nipples and dark brown hair. I smiled at her as she waited for me to direct her.

"Go ahead and sit on the couch with your legs spread. You don't have to expose yourself, just spread them to make it enticing."

She sat on the edge but leaned forward to keep herself hidden. I snapped more as she tossed her hair around and kept that smile on her face. She got more comfortable and started to lean back more and show more of her cunny. I kept shooting as she did what she felt was suitable for the time being.

She turned and lay back on the couch. The whole time I kept taking photos. She cupped her tits and smiled at me as she put her legs up and spread them. Her hand slowly slid down her stomach towards her cunny. Her fingers slid between her legs as she bit her lip. Dam she was sexy as she did this.
