 This is the final chapter in the something unexpected series. All characters involved in sexual activity are over 18.

*****

"Hey boss," Doug said as we got into his run down old Blazer.

"Gee whiz," I groaned. "I thought I told you to drive my car to come and get us."

"Ah, come on boss," he shot back. "This sweet old ride will get the job done."

"The fucking wheels are about to fall off the dam thing. I hope we don't break down on the way home."

"Pay me more and I can afford something new," he joked.

I sighed. Maybe Doug did need a raise.

"So, Gibbs and DiNozzo," Autumn giggled. "What does that make me? Ziva?"

We both glanced at Autumn sitting in the back before laughing.

"You must be Autumn," Doug laughed.

"And you must be Doug, the pain in the ass who said I wouldn't come back with him."

"Wow," he quipped. "She's feisty, I like her."

"Yeah," I laughed. "She's a hand full that's for sure."

"It's nice to meet you," Doug offered.

"I wouldn't say that yet," she sassed. "I can be a bitch."

"I didn't mean anything by it," Doug said quickly. "I just don't want to see my boy get his heart broken again."

I gave Doug a look that said shut up. Autumn didn't know about my break up and I wanted to keep it that way for now. I would offer her the story if she asked but now wasn't the time.

"Are you guys' hungry?" Doug asked after he changed lanes.

"I'm starving," Autumn answered.

"Here," I said as I shuffled around the trash on the floor board. "Have some stale chips."

"Hey," Doug quipped again. "Those aren't stale. I just bought those yesterday."

"How can you tell?" I joked. "There are five other half eaten bags of shit on the floor."

"They're on top, they're still good," he laughed.

"I'm going to paint this thing green and stick a waste management sticker on the sides of it," I laughed. "It's more like a garbage truck than a vehicle."

"Wow," Doug croaked. "It's a tough crowd in her tonight. Next time you can walk home."

"So, how about those chips?" Autumn asked.

I handed them back to her as she opened them and had a bite. I glanced back at her with a disgusted look on my face as she chewed them.

"What?" she giggled. "They aren't too bad."

"McDonald's sound good?" Doug asked as he pulled hard to the right and got off the interstate.

"Nothing like a five star meal on your first night in town is there?" I asked Autumn.

"I've eaten worse," she smiled holding the bag of chips in the air.

We got off the highway and pulled into the drive through. Doug ordered and pulled up to the window. He glanced my way and held his hand out.

"Dam, taking me for all I'm worth," I joked.

"You can walk," he offered.

"I'd rather ride," Autumn said.

"I didn't say you had to walk," Doug poked.

"Here," I said handing him a twenty.

We got back out on the highway and sped towards my house.

Autumn collected the trash as I got her bags from the back.

"You should have left that stuff in there," I said. "Doug wouldn't know the difference."

"Be nice," she sighed. "He seems like a good guy."

"He is," I said. "We bullshit a lot with each other."

I pushed the door open and led her inside.

"Welcome home," I said.

"Wow," she smiled. "I didn't expect this for a bachelor pad."

"I try to keep it clean."

"Carter will change that for you real quick," she giggled.

I showed her through the house before she got settled in. It was later in the evening and I was tired from the past couple of days. She made herself at home as I checked a few emails and called Doug to discuss one of our projects. Then it was off to bed for me. Autumn followed me in and curled up next to me.

"I can't believe I came all this way," she sighed.

"I'm glad you did," I said.

"When do we start working?"

"Monday. I'm closed on the weekends."

"I'm excited," she giggled. "I haven't been to a real job before."

"I have to meet with the client on Monday to discuss the details and then we start the layout. I'm going to give you the camera. It's up to you to make the photos count."

"What if I screw up?"

"I'm going to help you. I won't put that much on you right away."

"Whew," she sighed.

"Just do what you do and you will be fine. I've seen your work, you do good. No pressure remember?"

"I know, I'm just nervous."

"You'll be fine."

"Shoot," she cried. "I have to call Carter."

"Go on," I said. "Make yourself at home. You don't have to ask."

"Thank you," she said kissing me sweetly.

I don't remember her climbing back into bed. I didn't feel her get out of bed and soak in the tub the next morning either. I awoke to her naked body lying against mine as I slept on my stomach. I moved slightly under the weight of her body but she had me pressed to the bed. Her hot breath on my neck sent a shiver down my spine as she giggled. She planted these little wet kisses on my neck as she said good morning to me.

"You smell nice," I said.

"I took a bath," she giggled.

"What time is it?"

"About nine."

"Dam I slept late again."

"It's ok," she offered kissing my neck again.

I turned my head and let her lips find me in a gentle kiss. She opened her mouth and let my tongue slide inside as she shifted her body so I could roll over. I followed her lead and got to my back as she straddled my body. Her wet little cunny touched my distended cock as she settled herself on me. She guided her puss with precision and I slipped into her wetness. Her heat surprised me as I gasped into her mouth.

I pressed my hands into the mattress and moved myself so I could lean against the head board. She started rocking her hips pressing me deep into her wetness. My mouth moved to her neck as I cupped her tit and teased her nipple. The little gasps she exhaled were music to my ears. I looked up at her smiling face before moving down to find her nipple with my mouth. She gasped hard again as she pressed me deep into her center.

She squeezed her muscles as I changed sides and gave the other nipple some attention. Her fingers tangled in my hair as I sucked her nipple and rolled it in my mouth. I gave it a gentle bite before releasing and kissing her neck again. She giggled her little girl giggles as I found her hips and helped her ride me. My mouth found hers again as I kissed her deeply. She giggled again and looked down at me.

"You need to shave, scruffy," she teased.

"That was my plan," I said before finding her neck again.

She growled as I found her spot right at her throat and nibbled it a little. I loved her little growls. My hands found her breasts again as I cupped them making her moan again. She pushed her hands to my chest and pulled free from me. I smiled at her as she turned and waited for me to follow. I didn't hesitate and turned myself so I was behind her.

I pulled her legs and she let herself fall to the bed on her stomach. She arched her hips and waited for my next move as she looked back at me. She had this smoldering look on her face as I climbed her body. I stopped as her freshly washed and shaved cunny peeked from between her legs. I couldn't help myself as I leaned in and took in her scent.

I licked her slightly parted slit and tasted her wetness. She moaned as my tongue dipped in again. I pressed it into her as far as I could get it. My hands parted her cheeks as she gripped the foot board and moaned a content moan. I lapped her juice before teasing her clit with a lick. I trailed my tongue all the way up her slit to the little pucker of her butthole. I teased her there as she sighed and tensed.

I gently flicked it with my tongue letting her know I was just teasing her and I wanted nothing more. She let me as she relaxed. I pressed my tongue in just a little before returning my attention to her cunny. My thumb found her clit as I probed her opening with my tongue. Her little whimpers grew more urgent as I press in and licked her hard.

Her hips started to move harder as she gripped the blanket and moaned loudly. Her cunny started to flood my mouth as I lapped her cum from her hole. I continued to taste her until she calmed down and sighed a content sigh. I teased her pucker again before trailing kisses up her back. I let my cock trail up her leg leaving a trail of my desire for her as I climbed higher.

I reached her shoulder blades as my cock found the gap between her legs. Her cunny was soaked so I easily parted her lips and slipped into her cunt. Now it was my turn to kiss her neck as her breathing became more ragged. I pressed all the way into her and moaned into her neck. I let my weight press her to the bed as I filled her all the way.

"Fuck," she whimpered.

"You feel exceptional this morning," I cooed.

"So do you."

I withdrew then slowly filled her again as she turned her head and glanced back at me.

"Do you want to try?" she asked.

"Try what?"

"My butt," she whispered.

I laughed to myself a little as I withdrew from her puss just as slow as I had pressed in. I slipped from her center and looked down at my cock as it sat above her body. I pressed the head against her pucker and let it rest there for a second. There was no way she would let me. 

"Go ahead," she sighed unsure.

I pressed my head against her with a little more force this time. I could feel her relaxing as my head opened her up. I made sure I didn't pop inside as I felt her open enough for me to slide in. She inhaled sharply as my cock started to stretch her. I rested with just my head inside her and waited for her to give me permission to continue or stop. She didn't look back at me but nodded softly and whispered to keep going.

I closed one eye and aimed as best I could as I let some spit fall. It landed just above where my cock was resting but got to the mark as it ran down. I pulled back just a little to coat it before pressing just a little more into her. I didn't get much more in before she moved in discomfort again.

"We can stop," I said.

"I think its ok," she said through clenched teeth. "Keep going."

I applied the slightest pressure and moved slightly deeper into her exit.

"I don't think I like it," she relented.

I gently pulled back letting myself slide out easily until I was free. Her hole puckered closed quickly as I pushed lower and pressed back into her pink folds.

"Fuck," she gasped. "That's better."

I started a slow rise and fall again. She arched her back again and gave me a better angle for penetration. I kept the same pace but leaned up so I wasn't on her body anymore. I gripped her hips and pulled her to me as I filled her. She gripped the blanket again and looked back at me. I could see it in her eyes that she was waiting for me. The pressure her cunny was putting on my cock in this position was pushing me close to the edge.

"Fuck me," she begged. "Hard."

I started pushing harder into her as she called my name and bit the blanket. It didn't take long and I was filling her with my seed. I could feel her soaking my cock at the same time. I fell back on top of her after I was spent.

"Are your toes cramped?" I asked slyly.

"You know they are," she giggled.

"Mine too."

"Sorry if I disappointed you," she sighed.

"You didn't," I said. "It's not that big of a deal you know. I was just joking with you that one time."

"Fucker," she giggled.

"If you want to we can try again later."

"Fuck no," she giggled. "That hurt."

"Lube helps."

"I think I'm all set for now."

"I like it just the way we are doing it."

"Alright," she giggled more. "Get off me, you're smothering me."

I pulled free as she rolled over and cupped herself. She quickly got off the bed and headed into the bathroom again. I lay back on the bed and rested until she returned.

"What do you want to do today?" she asked.

"I've got tickets to the Rays game," I said looking at her.

"Never been to a game," she smiled.

"Today is your lucky day then."

"Yay," she cheered. "I've always wanted to go. Carter loves baseball. He watches all the time on TV."

"We can take him anytime," I said.

"He would love that."

We spent most of the morning just lying in bed and talking. We left the house around 1130 and headed to the stadium. We parked and walked into the dome to find something to eat. Then I led the way to my seats.

"Gracin," I heard a voice.

"Hey Ted," I said. "What's going on?" Ted was also a season ticket holder so you get to know the people around you when you go to a lot of games.

"Same old same old," he sighed. "Who's the girl?"

"This is my girlfriend, Autumn."

"Oh," he smiled. "You and ah..."

"Yeah, we broke up," I replied before he could finish his sentence.

"You upgraded," he smiled.

"In more ways than one."

"I'm going to get a beer," he said. "You want anything?"

"Naw, we're good for now."

Autumn smiled as she sat down. I knew what was coming next.

"So, you want to tell me about your ex or should I not ask?"

"Aimee was my girlfriend for a long time," I started. "We broke up about... two and a half months ago."

"What happened?" she questioned.

"I was too boring for her as she put it. She wanted more excitement so she decided to go out there and find it. I haven't kept up with her so I couldn't tell you if she found it or not."

"Was she a party girl?"

"I guess you could say that," I agreed.

We played this twenty question game about Aimee until she was satisfied that I wasn't interested in her anymore. We settled in and watched the Rays play to a 7 to 5 win.

We stopped at the store on the way home so I could get us some dinner. We arrived home after that and I started grilling steaks as she made a salad and set the table.

"They're done," I called as I came back inside with the food on a plate.

I didn't hear her respond so I set the plate of food on the table and turned to see the front door open with Autumn standing there. I made my way to the door to see what she was doing.

"Aimee," I said stunned. "What brings you by?"

"Well," she started. "I was hoping we could talk."

"I'm kind of busy right now."

"Yeah, I can see that," she huffed.

"What do you want?" I questioned.

"I wanted to talk to you," she said again.

"I can leave you two alone if you want me to," Autumn offered.

"If this is about us getting back together you're wasting your time Aimee."

She sighed a dejected sigh.

"You left me," I reminded her. "You didn't expect me to remain single forever did you?"

"No," she sighed again.

"Then there's nothing left to say."

"How long have you two been dating?" she questioned.

"A couple of weeks."

"And she's already living here?"

"What does it matter to you?" I quipped.

"I guess it doesn't."

"We are about to sit down and have dinner. I think it's time for you to go."

"Yeah," she sighed.

She turned and walked away as I shut the door.

"I'm sorry about that," I offered.

"No, it's all right," Autumn smiled. "Just a little strange to be standing face to face with someone from your past."

We started for the table and took a seat.

"She had her chance. She left so I've moved on," I said.

"If I wasn't here would you have taken her back?"

"I'd really have to give that one some thought," I spoke honestly. "I had to really change who I was to try and make her happy. I'm not sure if I could do that again."

"You are going to have to change some if I decided to stay," she hinted.

"That's completely different. I couldn't be myself when I was with her. I'm going to be myself with you. I will change some to give you and Carter happiness but I will still be who I am."

"I understand," she smiled. "Let's enjoy dinner and not worry too much about it for the time being."

"That's the best idea I've heard so far," I smiled back at her.

**

"Wow," Autumn chirped as we walked into the office building. "You own this whole thing?"

I laughed a little. "No, I just rent a couple of offices on the third floor."

"Oh," she giggled.

We walked in and rode the elevator up to the third floor. I introduced her to Maggie as we walked into the office. I picked up some mail and headed back through the hallway to my office.

"Hey boss," Doug called. "Hey Autumn."

"Hi DiNozzo," she said with a grin on her face.

"Haha," he mocked at her.

"Hey Gracin," he said making a point not to call me boss. "The clients will be here at 930."

"I know," I sighed. "I've already got them on my schedule."

"Just making sure," he croaked.

"I'm going to show Autumn around so let me know when they get here."

"You got it boss."

Autumn couldn't help but giggle again before following me down the hall. We went to meet a few of my other employees before finally making it to my office.

"Do I get an office?" she asked cutely.

"In time my dear. For now we can share mine."

She had this grin on her face as she sat in my chair and crossed her legs. I smiled back at her as she looked around at some of my work hanging on the walls. The phone on my desk chirped.

"Clients are here," Doug said.

"Be right there," I said.

"Are you ready?"

"I'm nervous," she said.

"Don't be. I will handle everything. You will be fine."

We walked in and met with the clients. They gave us a lot of freedom to do what we wanted but they had a few requests. I took notes and gave them a deadline. After an hour of chit chat and some bull shitting around I walked them out.

"Alright," I smiled at Autumn. "Get to work."

"Yes, sir," she said jokingly.

I left her in my office and went to find Doug. We worked on the final details of another project until 3 or so before I took off for the day. Autumn had a lot of ideas in her head and I thought they were a good starting point.

**

I carefully moved the chairs around the table as we prepared for the shoot. I glanced around the garden setting again in the secluded location we had picked to do the photography session. Autumn directed me again as I moved the chair again to her liking. She took a couple of shots before thinking again. I stood back and let her work.

She decided to move the chairs out a little and set a glass on the table. I watched her move around in her loose sun dress. The way the color brought out her skin really caught my eye. She looked back at me and smiled as she caught me drinking her in again.

She picked up her camera and took another couple of shots. She still looked over the area again and stood there in thought.

"It's missing something isn't it?" I asked.

"It is but I can't put my finger on it."

I gently cupped her butt as I took the camera with my other hand. She smiled at me and pressed into my hand slightly as she tilted her neck. I couldn't help but kiss her neck a little. I stepped back and caught her looking my way. Her skin was a little flush from the tender kiss I had left on her.

"Go sit on the bench," I said.

"What?"

"Go sit on the bench and relax. I know what it's missing."

"I'm getting demoted," she sassed?

I just smiled. "That all depends on how you look at it. You are getting in the picture so it might be a promotion."

"I'm not wearing any makeup," she said with concern.

"You look perfect without it."

"If you say so," she smiled as she went to the bench. She sat and crossed her legs.

"Turn your body and relax," I said. "Make it look like you are enjoying the furniture."

She uncrossed and gave me a little flash between her legs and a seductive smile as she brought her legs up and rested them there. I smiled back at her as she rested on the bench. She had this little playful look on her face as I snapped a photo.

I looked again and made another request. "Lose the shoes please."

"Yes boss," she mocked Doug.

She kicked her shoes free and sent them sailing my direction. Her dress rode up her legs and sat mid-thigh as she looked back my way. I snapped another few shots as she still had that playful smile on her face.
