 Disclaimer: All apps and user names are fictional.

************

Saturday the 18th. 

Saturday the fucking 18th. 

Fucking Saturday the fucking 18th day of the fucking month.

Eva Lounge in Atlantic City.

A 22 year old pornstar had invited me to Atlantic City in two weeks. 

I could barely get by the rest of the day. After jerking off three times to the picture I'd screenshotted of Kaylee, sitting in her balcony, naked from the waist up, fuzzy robe bunched around her hips, full, firm breasts barely covered by her arm across herself as she looked into the camera biting her lip. 

"What would you do to me, daddy?" it read across the bottom. 

The day was a haze. I know I went to work, because I jerked off at 10:30 and at 2 again in the handicap bathroom, but aside from that I couldn't remember a damned thing else. I got home and went into my home office, didn't even come out for dinner, which was fine since it was just my wife and my son zombie'd out in front of the tv. 

Two weeks. 

Two weeks and I would meet a pornstar that had launched a million wanks. 

This was probably bullshit. Wasn't it?

Yeah, that's what it was. This was probably some sick joke that she played on fans, get them to show up for a date and then end up having to shell out a grand or more on a "private" dance package or something at the strip club.

But could it be real?

I was so fucking messed up. 

Would I go? Yes.

Would I let myself be taken for a ride on the money train? Probably.

There was something inside me, though, that all perverts must feel at some point, where I felt that it could be true, that it could be real. 

I went over the conversation in my head a million times. 

DING. Notification on my phone. 

Kaylee had written a PM again. 

She was smiling, relaxed in her car. She had a tank top on and it was all sweaty and clung to her body. Her face was flushed and she had a water bottle in her other hand.

"I fucking EARNED tonight's dinner!"

Immediately she sent a picture of a t-bone steak with potatoes and broccoli. 

"Look good enough to eat?"

I was flabbergasted. She'd sent these directly to me, not on her public profile. She'd still posted a bunch of things today, of course, as usual. She'd made 13 videos about how excited she was about the pin up shoot she'd done this morning, then a couple of pictures of her lunch, then a video playing with her puppy Pris and finally a clip of her doing high intensity spinning at her gym. 

Business as usual, for her, the usual daily output. 

But now she was writing me directly. 

I realized I'd spent two minutes frozen thinking like an asshole, so I replied quickly.

" YUM. I envy you, I have to watch my weight."

I hit send, before realizing I sounded like a complete idiot.

DING.

"Don't we all..."

She was holding up a piece of meat on a fork to her lips. Her tongue peeked out from between them. Her eyes were wide and her cheeks sucked in. I couldn't help but laugh. She was so goofy. So genuine. 

It had to be true, right? 

DING.

"Whatcha doing?" just a message this time. My heart beat faster at the cutesy, familiar tone she put in it. On some level my logical brain was calling bullshit, but the rest of me was doing a great job of ignoring it.

"Clearing my calendar. Trying to decide what the best route to AC is ".

DING.

"Good. It'll be fun, I promise. I can't eat and type, plus my manager just got here. Talk later. XOXO"

No picture. 

Still, for some reason I didn't feel disheartened. This had felt like more of a conversation than any I'd had in the past weeks with my own family. I went to the kitchen and rustled up some grub.

It was closer to midgnight by the time she wrote me again.

DING.

"Send me a pic of you in your PJs. I assume you have daddy PJs, right?"

As a matter of fact, I DID have daddy PJs. One of the only gifts from my son that I'd actually liked, in recent years. He'd gotten me a nice set of PJs for my birthday that were pretty darn comfortable, and one of the highlight of my evenings. How sad is that?

My wife had been snoring for about an hour already, two feet away on her side of the bed. I'd been browsing old Kaylee albums online softly massaging my dick to a half mast. I'd already cum about fifteen minutes before when I ran across one of my favorite scenes with her. 

It was when she was just starting out her professional career, and had a certain alluring naiveté about herself as she "acted" her way through poorly written scenes. Her counterpart was a famous penis, a lucky bastard who'd nailed all the young talent at the time, I forget his name, let's call him Rick the Dick. 

So Kaylee was playing the part of the ingenue, of course, typical, she was a recent hire by a company that apparently hired assistants for the shortness of their skirts and decolletages, and how high their heels were. They hadn't painted her up like a whore, though, she was actually (aside from the very short skirt) the image of a young professional woman who worked at an office, makeup nice and demure, long hair cascading to her back.

She was Rick the Dick's assistant, and within four seconds she'd managed to shred by mistake the important legal documents that would cost their clients millions (or something). Of course Rick the Dick walks in just as she realizes her mistake, and with a barely contained smug grin tells her that maybe he can help her out, if she's willing to work for it. 

"Anything, Mr The Dick, I'm sure I can do something for you to make up for it."

Call it corny, whatever you want, but porn dialogue, spoken by a breathless, nubile young thing will always be electrically erotic.

Kaylee had lowered her eyelids demurely and bitten her lip, as Rick the Dick had reached around her and pulled her in. She'd struggled at first, but had inevitably been overwhelmed by the sheer machismo of his unbuttoned shirt (I suppose) and melted into his arms. 

What was funny was that she seemed to be trying to be all serious, while the guy sort of acknowledged how campy it all was, being an old penis in the industry. But there Kaylee was, kissing him passionately and striking alluring poses as he undressed her at her desk. 

Once he'd removed that cumbersome jacket and bra, letting her perky breasts bounce free, he'd sat her right on her laptop prop and spread her legs, thumbed her panties aside and began what I could only describe as an unrelenting attack on her labia. 

Kaylee made all the right noises, of course, but anyone who's really eaten snatch knows you don't just stick your tongue in between the lips and twirl it around, not if you really want to get a woman off. Granted, my experience with this was limited to before I got married, since my wife was as vanilla as they come, and I suppose I am too, but there was a time in my youth when I thought I was pretty good at eating girls out. 

Or at least my one girlfriend in college. Not gonna bullshit ya... 

You have to take your time, pay attention to where her clit is, and tease it, flick it with your tongue. Bring some fingers into play as well. Penetrate her with a couple while using the flat of your tongue right by the clitoris (not directly on it) and moving it in constant circles, keeping firm presure on it. I hear spelling the alphabet with your tongue is good, but I never tried it. 

So Rick the Dick fucked her pussy with his tongue, and Kaylee made as if he was filling her up and driving her crazy. Then after the obligatory closeup shots of his mouth on her (from the angle above her head) and up close shots of her face as she shivered with pleasure, they moved to the real good part, where the acting was a little better. 

The blowjob. 

Kaylee did her absolute best work with a dick in her mouth. She was a little sloppy, but sloppy is good in this case. She ran her tongue up and down his shaft, around the head and pretty much seemed to inhale him into her throat. She let the spit drool from the corners of her mouth and forced herself to take it as far back as she could, closing her eyes and making faces that let us know how incredibly big the dick was. 

She'd take it out and slap it on her tongue before encircling just the head and jacking it off, then bobbing furiously on the tip.

I came. Yeah... She was just too amazing at it. 

What annoyed me was the fucking tendency to cut in between and show me the clips of his face. I mean seriously what the fuck? I have absolutley no fucking need to see some asshole's face making pleasure expressions to get the point across. It's a travesty when you're about to cum looking at this gorgeous woman doing these filthy things and suddenly you cut to the guy. WHO GIVES A FLYING FUCK ABOUT THE GUY??

Sigh. 

I suppose that's where gonzo and POV porn came out of, guys who share my opinion and aren't interested in seeing another man in their fantasies. Bad enough that there has to be another penis there, seriously. 

Anyway, they moved on to the fucking, because of course, there's no cumming until the end. He sat on the chair and she rode him reverse cowgirl style for a minute or so, then they did doggy and then standing missionary, where they took care to get the long angles of her wide spread legs getting reamed by his massive cock. 

Then they finished with the cumshot, of course. Rick the Dick was famous for having long streams of cum that gummied up the actresses' fake eyelashes, and this time was no different.

I'd been fondling my limp prick for all this time when Kaylee started to write. 

After her question, I was a little concerned, because I'd made a little bit of a mess. The crotch of my PJs was stuck to the head of my dick, for one, but I thought that with the right lighting it shouldn't be too noticeable. 

I decided to go for comedy, which seemed to be my stronger suit. I took an angle of myself lying in bed where you could see most of my PJs and the blurry form of my wife in the background. I made a derisive gesture against her back. 

DING.

"That bed looks comfy. I see you've got company. I have some too."

Kaylee was lying on her own bed (I recognized the headboard) with Pris the puppy on her lap. She had a full set of what looked like silken PJs on, which, while voluminous, still molded themselves to her figure in delicious ways. The tops of her breasts peeked out, but overall a very cute and safe for work picture. 

"My company is probably a bigger bitch than Pris." I wrote back.

DING.

"LOL, you're bad, daddy. So are you really coming to AC?"

Wow, I thought. She really meant it.

I know, I know, I'm a sucker, but fuuuuuck, what would you do?

"Yes, I am. Saturday the 18th. Eva Lounge. I'll be wearing a red carnation on my lapel. "

DING.

"I'm going to hold you to that!"

Kaylee was pointing towards the camera with an overly serious face. In the angle of the shot I saw her reading glasses and a novel on her bedside table. I recognized the novel as a thriller I'd read a few months earlier.

"So how are you liking the book? Did you get to the part where the bishop dies as he exorcises the vampire from his secret daughter's body?"

I gave it a few seconds and then added "just kidding! "

DING.

"OH. MY. GOD. I was sooooo going to block you if you'd spoiled my book."

She was giving me the finger with a snarl on her face.

DING.

"Luckily for you, I know that the bishop did NOT have a secret daughter, and the vampire was actually his childhood sweetheart!"

She was sticking her tongue out at me, eyes closed and eyebrows raised. God damnit she was beautiful. The more she interacted with me and I saw her normal, everyday human side, the more this girl was driving me crazy. I'm a dirty old man, I suppose.

I sent her a picture of a close up of my eyes, frowning.

"Are you sure? That must've been a different book, then. "

DING.

"Ohhh... daddy... send me a picture of your face all serious like that. Pretend you're scolding me for coming home late. "

She sent me a picture of a close up of her face, a mischievous look on it, eyes half closed and looking at me through her long lashes. Soft coy smile on her pouty lips. 

My flaccid penis twitched.

I got up out of bed and went into the bathroom. I put on my robe over my PJs, completing the look, I thought. I also went back out into my wife's dresser and got an old pipe that had belonged to her grandfather, washed it in the sink (because ewww) and used it as a prop, on the side of my mouth. I bit into the mouth piece adopting a look of anger. 

I thought the picture looked pretty good, for what it was. An angry, bearded, chubby 46 year old. 

Eh, what the fuck? I sent it. 

DING.

"Daddy... I'm sorry... I promise I won't do it again..."

Kaylee was kneeling on her bed, biting the fingernail on her index finger, wearing a look of fear and repentance. Her PJs top had bunched around her arm, showing her taut stomach and pierced belly button. She'd undone a couple of button on the top, too, so that her shoulder was peeking out of it and the curve of her breasts was much more evident.

Penis. Hard. Think. Poorly.

Do I screenshot, or not? 

I decided not to, instead sending another of myself, using the pipe to point towards the camera.

"Young lady, you are grounded. And if you keep pushing me, you'll get a spanking."

DING.

"Ok, that was seriously hot, daddy. I might have to do something about it. You put some dirty thoughts in my mind."

The picture was of a vibrator inside her nightstand.

I was looking at it in shock when I also got a popup notification on my phone. A screengrab notification. I had no idea what that meant, having never seen it before, and it only dawned on me after about a minute. 

Kaylee had screenshotted that last picture of me. 

Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaat? noooooooo... no way. impossible. 

What?

I was still gaping, struck silent when her next message announced itself.

DING.

"All is fair in love and war, right, daddy?"

Kaylee was a master at taking selfies, because she got all the angles of her body perfectly. She was stretched out on her bed, completely naked, legs bent at a sensual angle that hid the folds of her pussy at the very last inch, though I could see a carefully maintained landing strip, her arm was again covering her nipples, but the rest of her breasts ballooned around it, lying as she was. In her hand she held the vibrator, shaped like a dick, with ridges and ribbed for her pleasure, up to her lips, and she was licking the tip. Her eyes were smoldering and sexy as she looked into the camera. 

OH fuck. My knees got weak and I had to lean against the sink. I immediately screenshotted that picture. It was easily the sexiest and most erotic picture I'd ever seen of her and I wasn't about to let it slip away from me. 

DING.

"That's just for you, daddy. I hope I don't see it anywhere else. I'd be really disappointed." Just a message. 

I collected myself as best I as I could, what with my raging erection. 

"Young lady, if you continue to behave that way, I'm definitely going to have to take matters into my own hands."

DING.

"Maybe, daddy. Maybe. Now, this kitty's a little hungry, and she's not going to feed herself."

Oh god. What was this girl doing to me?

"Need a hand?" I typed back. I was breathing heavily at this point. 

DING.

"I think maybe we can talk about that tomorrow, daddy. For now, dream of how I'll be using your pic tonight. XOXOXOXO"

I couldn't type anything more. I wouldn't let myself. This was incredible. I pulled up her picture and saw that I wasn't hallucinating. 

Kaylee was there in that picture, the sexiest thing I've ever seen. Even sexier than seeing her get fucked, somehow. The way she was looking into the camera and licking the tip of the vibrator, her body as she curved on the sheets. 

My erection was actually a little painful, I gotta say. 

I was going to step outside the bathroom and maybe go down to my office, use some lotion, this wank had to be epic. Just as I opened the door, though, I bumped into my wife, who'd gotten up groggily to pee. We made full body contact before I could shield myself, and my erection poked her in the hip.

"What are you doing?" She asked sleepily. She went around me and lifted her nightgown, pulled down her grannie panties and sat down on the toilet to pee. 

She noticed my erection, it was unhideable. She lifted her eyebrows at me in surprise. 

I didn't know what to say. I figured I'd just ride it out and wait until she went back to bed, expecting the derisory comments in the morning. 

As she finished and got up, she kept looking at my tented PJs. Then she shrugged and said. "OK... why not? but turn the light off, ok?"

She pushed down her panties around her knees and went to my side of the bed, laid down face down. 

I was a little out of sorts, my plan unfolding. I looked at the phone in my hand and had a thought. 

I set the brightness to the lowest level, brought up Kaylee's picture and went over to my nightstand. 

"Use the lube..." My wife said groggily. She was facing away from me. "I'm only a little wet."

So she'd probably been having some dream about a friend of hers, or maybe it was just the 8 months since we'd last fucked, but she was willing to suffer my dick for the possibility of getting off. 

That's fine, since two can play at that game. 

I reached at my bottom drawer, feeling as if I'd have to push cobwebs out of the way (I didn't really, but you get the point) and got a bottle of lubricant that was useful because my wife was often never quite 'there'. I dribbled some between her ass cheeks and pussy and pushed my pants down. I didn't bother taking off my top. 

This was probably going to be very quick. 

Placing the phone next to my pillow, where my wife wouldn't see it were she to turn her head, I climbed on top of my wife, she grunted a bit as she felt me brush against her pussy. Probably some cobwebs there too, but who knows? she might be getting it regularly on the side. I don't really give a fuck. I was going to use her to simulate something better than my hand. 

Looking at the picture, Kaylee's sensuous body and face, my erection, which had wilted a bit, came back with a vengeance, and I slipped into my wife at full engorgement. She gasped in surprise, as it usually takes me a while to build up steam when I was starting to fuck her. I wasn't really paying attention to her, though. 

I looked at Kaylee's picture and began pistoning in and out of her pussy. Kaylee's pussy, as I pictured it. It was still pretty tight, and the slapping sounds of my balls started to echo in the room. 

I was transfixed by Kaylees tongue, her eyes, her stomach and legs. My dick would normally have given up the fight, but I imagined that I had to hold out for her. I had to be stronger and last longer. I couldn't just cum. 

It took all of my willpower but I kept fucking her. 

One Minute.

Two Minutes. 

I lost count then because I was wrong. I couldn't fucking hold on. Kaylee was just too fucking sexy. I started cumming but I kept pushing myself into that pussy. I couldn't take my eyes off of Kaylee. I met her eyes, looing into the camera as I spewed hot spurts of jizz into that warm hole. 

And I kept fucking her. 

By some strange miracle or inspiration, I found I could keep going. My dick wasn't going flaccid. I kept pushing and pulling my way in and out until I was sure I would cum a second time. Kaylee deserved no less. 

Her legs were perfect. I imagined them wrapped around me as I fucked her. Her lips, oh god, her lips. They were full and plump. Rosy and perfect and would look amazing wrapped around my cock. Her tongue as it ran on the underside of my prick, just beneath the head. I could imagine hearing her moaning and whimpering beneath me as I emptied myself into her over and over. A never ending circle of lust and desire.
