  Chapter 22 – The Proposal

I woke the next morning and felt a pair of arms around me. I looked over my shoulder to see Leslie holding me tight. She looked delightful as she slept. I cleared the haze in my head as I laid there in the sunlight. I looked back at Leslie again, though this time her eyes were open.

"Morning," she whispered. "I hoped you liked my thank you."

"I did very much," I confirmed.

"Good, now it's my turn to thank you personally," she said. "Don't move."

Leslie pushed me flat onto my back and she climbed up on top of me. This was the first moment when I realized she had nothing on. I looked up at her and she was beautiful to behold. I smiled as she leaned down and kissed me softly on the mouth. She leaned back and grabbed my cock. She stroked it softly until it began to swell to her touch. I groaned as my rod stiffened. I was delighted when she lifted her hips and guided my member insider her soaked snatch.

She rocked her hips and worked my tool while it was inside of her. She grabbed my hands with her and locked her fingers with mine. She pinned my arms to the bed and began moving her midsection faster on mine. She pushed herself up and down on my pole. It felt amazing and it was more intense because we did not speak. She worked me powerfully.

Her tits were hanging above my face as she swayed up and down my shaft. I was throbbing inside her box as I stared at her gorgeous breasts. She increased her speed and pushed me to the limit. She groaned loudly as I exploded in her pussy. I flooded her with my juice. I sent shot after shot into her gash. What a wonderful feeling. She tightened her grip on my hands as she continued to pump herself on top of me. She closed her eyes and bit her lip as she climaxed. She shook forcefully before crashing to the bed next to me.

I pulled her to me and held her there in the quiet. We both breathed heavily but did not ruin the moment with words.

"How did you meet Emma," she broke the silence about 15 minutes later.

"By accident really," I admitted. "I rear-ended her car in front of my office."

"Seriously," she asked in disbelief.

"100% truth," I admitted. "We were exchanging information and instead of her insurance card she handed me a note that said 'If you fuck me I will forgive you.'"

"That is so Bill's influence on her," she giggled. "Boy did you luck out."

"No shit," I agreed. "What's up with her and Bill?"

"Bill ended that game the only way the game can end nicely," she revealed cryptically. "They have stayed great friends and he sends us a lot of clients."

I kissed her on the back of the head.

"I guess I shouldn't lay here and waste the day," I suggested, as I began to move.

"I have to ask you something," she stopped me by grabbing my wrist lightly and keeping my arms around her. "What would you think if we got married?"

Had I just heard her correctly?

"What," I replied in complete shock that bordered on disbelief.

"We would still play the game," she insisted, lying there calmly. "But you would live here. It's really just some formal paper work."

"Wow, that is, um, I don't know," I stammered, not being able to even find words.

I sat up in bed and looked down at her.

"Quit that," she laughed, thinking I was playing with her. "I am serious. Let's get married. You are my rock and you have to admit we are good together in bed."

"I agree, we are great together in bed," I concurred. "But marriage is a big step. I just ruined my first marriage by playing this game. I am not sure that is the best situation for me to be in right now."

"We can take care of each other," she explained, confident that she was laying out a great plan. "Wouldn't it be nice to have that someone to come home to after a bad day or a good experience in the game? We could be each other's someone."

"Leslie, you are beautiful," I stated clearly. "You are smart, intelligent, and very sexy. I care greatly for you, but do you really think this is a good idea?"

"You're right," she declared. "I am all of those things, so why wouldn't you scoop me up if you had the chance? Why don't you think about it and have an answer for me Friday night. I personally think it is a brilliant idea and after some time I think you will see that."

I stepped out of bed and dressed, staring at her the whole time. My head was pounding. Her words continued to echo in my ears.

"What's Friday night," I inquired as I put on my shirt, dressing because I was too terrified to stay and discuss this marriage idea any further.

"My Halloween party," she acknowledged, smiling. "Be here at 7pm. Costumes are optional."

"I will see you then," I said politely as I exited the room.

Everything was spinning. What had she just asked me? I needed air. I got to my car and headed back to my house to get the last few boxes. I needed a distraction to keep me from thinking of her proposal. This was crazy. She was crazy.

WHAT THE FUCK WAS GOING ON? 

I hyperventilated as I drove. Surely I was going to be able to think of nothing else until I saw her again.