 Those who know me will readily tell you that I can’t stand not being in control of a situation; and they would be right on the money. I’m not a control freak, or even close.

I simply have to be able to take charge and do what needs doing. Whether that means trying to drive down the street without idiots clogging the road and slowing me down, or being able to cut through red tape without the assistance of some under paid bureaucrat who really doesn’t give a damn. I like to pilot my own barge up the river of life, thank you very much. I’m sure many of you no doubt can easily relate to this.

Yet, there are sometimes . . . certain and special times, mind you, where being that crusty old riverboat Captain trudging determinedly up the same ol’ river can be a might too predictable.

A man likes to have some things laid out for him in no uncertain terms. If you catch my meaning. Blindly following explicit directions can be more exciting than most people know.

Sit back, relax, and I’ll explain what I’m driving at. There was this one particular event that always comes to mind.

I’d had a miserable day at work, continually dealing with my whining employees, suffering through another mindless tirade from my oh-so ignorant boss, and dealing pleasantly with anything but pleasant clients. You know, just another ordinary day at work. We’ve all been there.

I wanted nothing better than to just get home and relax with my wife and kids. Hell, a couple fingers of whiskey might even be in order.

I parked my truck and plodded wearily into the house, which was strangely quiet. With two young and healthy kids at home running around and making all sorts of noises, a calm home was not something I was used to.

“Hi, Honey,” my wife called from upstairs. 

“Hi,” I grunted tiredly.

“Have a good day at work?” she asked.

“Oh, I had a wonderful day.” Did I mention that I’m sarcastic? But only on days that end in ‘y’.

“Can you come up here for a second?” she called again, ever so sweetly.

“There goes that drink,” I muttered to myself. I knew that tone of voice. That was the “Come-here-because-I-have-a-list-of-things-I-need-you-to-do” voice.

So I journeyed upstairs, wondering if I’d be done with her list of chores in time to maybe make some time with her before the kids came home. When I got to our bedroom, I saw she definitely had other plans for me.

“Come in here,” so told me. Her voice was low, dripping sweet honey. It was the voice she used on me when she needs something from me. Let me tell you, brother, it always works.

There were two lit candles on the wardrobe. Their scent was soft and alluring. Soothing, gentle music floated suggestively from the headboard cd player. The thick blinds were drawn tight. A soft hint of Vanderbilt perfume, my favorite, wafted alluringly. The total effect was very erotic, and suddenly I knew why the kids weren’t home.

My gorgeous wife sat comfortably in the armchair jammed into a corner of our modest bedroom. She’d let down her long, auburn hair, letting it flow beautifully over her strong, sensual shoulders. Flickering candle light jumped and shimmied, reflecting wildly off her luscious locks.

No, she wasn’t decked out in thigh-highs, stiletto pumps and a barely there negligee. She wore a black, long skirt that buttoned all the way from well below her knees to her thin, shapely waist. Only a few gleaming buttons were undone, enough that I could see the tops of her shining, black-leather knee-high boots with the three inch heels.

She was also wearing a white, form-fitting, long-sleeved sweater. The tiny, sparkling buttons were straining to contain her round, lovely firm breasts. The sweater’s thin material couldn’t conceal the fact that she wasn’t wearing anything under it. It was warm in our bedroom, so she must’ve been happy to see me. I know damned well I was happy to see her.

When my eyes finally traveled up to her stunningly beautiful face, I noticed she’d put on a little extra make up. Which is something she rarely does. She’d also slipped on her green, cat’s-eye contacts. The total effect made her eyes so sultry and so sexy that my pants were having difficultly containing my throbbing manhood. 

"Oh, wow,” was all I could utter breathlessly.

“Take your clothes off . . . slowly,” she fairly purred.

Let me tell you, that was one of the hardest things I ever had to do in my life. I wanted nothing more than to rip them all hurriedly off and jump her, but I couldn’t spoil her game; I wouldn’t.

First went my tie, then my shoes and socks. As sexily as I could, I unbuttoned my shirt and flung it across the room.

“Mmmm, nice, baby,” she cooed. Her nipples stretched the very limits of her thin sweater. “Now take off the rest.”

That wasn’t a request. So I did what the lady wanted. Slowly I unzipped my fly, exposing my briefs, and my aching member making the large bulge. I was really getting into it now.

Turning around, I bent over at the knees, thrusting my ass toward her as I slid my pants to my ankles. I took a few seconds to step out of them. When I finally did, I quickly kicked them out of the way.

I started to turn my head to look at her, but she caught me, telling me not to peek.

So, I peeled off my tight briefs. I heard her catch her breath. There I was, standing totally naked infront of my wife. Let me tell you, I loved the feeling of her eyes feasting on my ass. I know she enjoys looking at it, but the thrill of having her tell me to let her stare as long as she wanted was making me hornier by the second.

Then finally, “Turn around, baby. Slow.”

My cock was harder than I thought possible. It strained to reach her as I slowly, achingly, turned to face her.

“Oh, yeah, baby” she moaned, followed with a tiny, lustful giggle. Then she was anxiously biting her lower lip as she stared at my rock-hard manhood.

“Touch it,” she whispered huskily. Her sweet voice had grown thick with desire. I knew the feeling.

Leisurely, I let the fingertips of my right hand glide gently from my balls, all the way along the stiff shaft, until I got to the quivering tip. I did it again, and the tender touch of my fingers made my cock throb noticeably. 

“Grab it.”

With both hands, I gripped my straining dick, feeling the heat of it grow in my hands.

“Stroke it,” she ordered, absently licking her already glistening lips.

So I did. Slow teasing strokes that inflamed my desire and taunted hers. My hands felt good, but the unbridled desire and longing I saw in her eyes made me nearly cum right there.

“Stop,” she whispered as she squeezed her legs together, writhing pleasantly in her chair.

I don’t know how I stopped, but I did. A few more strokes and I would’ve cum all over her beautiful face. Something I know she would’ve loved.

“Come here,” she purred, regaining control of her voice. She licked her red lips again, and I had visions of my hard, long cock sliding blissfully between her glistening lips, feeling her hot tongue licking the entire length of my throbbing shaft. But it was not to be. Not this time.

“Kneel down, baby,” she told me. A wicked smile raised the corners of her crimson mouth.

She had planned that moment, no doubt, and my desire only increased another exquisite notch.

Languidly, she stood up infront of me. My face was nearly level with her straining breasts. Her nipples were just aching to be sucked, and I was praying to get the chance.

“Unbutton my skirt,” she commanded me teasingly, “but don’t let your hands roam, buster.”

My hands shook with longing as I hurried to obey my sultry wife. My hungry gaze never varied from the wonderful sight of her lovely legs that I laboriously uncovered, higher and higher. Then it was her smooth, soft thighs my wanting eyes feasted on next. I hurried to undo the last three buttons. When I did, my jaw dropped in blissful surprise.

My darling wife wasn’t wearing any panties. That was something I always try to coax her into doing, but she’d steadfastly ignored my pleas. Until now.

The sight of her neatly trimmed pubic hair and quivering stomach was stunning in its sensuality. My breathing slowed and my cock twitched. I think I groaned out loud in pleasure.

“Put your hands down,” she breathed heavily.

Quivering with anticipation, I was forced to just look upon her fabulous body. Then she shifted her weight and spread her legs so damned invitingly.

Suddenly I was looking into heaven. Her shimmering pussy was mere inches from my wanting tongue. I could feel her heat sear my face.

Going down on my stunning wife is something I never get to do enough. Her scent, her taste, her wetness, her warmth are so erotic, so damned luscious that I could spend days giving her pleasure solely with my tongue.

“You are so beautiful,” was all I could say, which was a complete understatement.

“I hope you’re hungry, lover,” was all she said before she grasped my head and pulled my face to her steaming snatch.

Her hands kept pulling me closer to her hot pussy, keeping my head in place. But, brother, there was no where else I was going to go.

My tongue came alive, flicking and licking and savoring every lusty, hungry lick.

“Ohhh! God! Eat me!” she hollered.

That’s just what I did. With every ounce of my being, I concentrated on giving her as much pleasure as I could. I grabbed a scrumptious ass cheek in each hand and pulled her pussy onto my probing, ravenous tongue. I feasted on her engorged clit, sucking it into my starved mouth.

I could feel her muscles tightening as her orgasm roared upon her like a freight train in high gear. She clutched my head with all her might as her muscles tensed one last time, and then she was cumming all over me, riding my eager face like there was no tomorrow.

Like a man starving for food, I greedily drank her sweet nectar, supporting her limp and satisfied body until her orgasm finally subsided.

She slowly collapsed back onto the chair, regretfully releasing my head. Her eyes were hooded, half open. Her succulent mouth wide and gasping. Her breasts heaving from spent passion.

Taking advantage of the situation, I lowered my mouth to her soaking wet pussy, careful not to lick her over-sensitive clit just yet.

While I played with her sweet nether-lips, she unbuttoned her sweater and treated me to the full view of her naked body. It was magnificent, to say the least.

Her skin is soft, so delightfully creamy. She’s in great shape and she knows it, too. I honestly can’t get enough of looking at her. I marvel at her spectacular body and know I’m the luckiest guy in the world.

While I’m mesmerized by her sexy body, she playfully attacks her nipples. Watching her play with herself is easily my biggest turn on, and she knows that, too.

With eager fingers, she gently pulls her nipples, gently holding up her large tits. Her eyes close completely, reveling in the sheer pleasure of it. Then she’s stroking and teasing and rubbing each hard nipple in time to my renewed frenzied assault on her glistening pussy.

In no time at all, she’s shuddering in the throes of a string of orgasms that tightens every muscle in her gorgeous body. I can hear her groans and cries of pleasure this time, without her legs wrapped around my ears. The sound of her cumming is music to my ears.

My cock is twitching and aching and straining, very eager to get into the action.

With another wicked smile, she gently pushes my away from her, her warm hand on my thundering chest. But she doesn’t let me get too far. Oh, no!

When she has enough room to stand up, she does. This time, she turns away from me, and I’m suddenly drooling over her fine, shapely ass. It’s so round and perfect, and she knows how much I love to feel its gentle roundness.

She doesn’t stop moving. Before I know it, she’s on her knees with her feet straddling me, locking me between her long, shapely legs.

But my attention is still focused on her ass; the curve of it, the wonderful texture of her soft skin.

She’s now leaning onto the chair, her elbows supporting her minimal weight. Her tits sway deliciously back and forth. With a wanton toss of her hair, she turns her face to me. Her eyes are on fire. Her mouth is suggestively parted. Her skin is flushed and excited.

She arches her smooth back, thrusting her hips and ass right at me.

“Fuck me . . . hard!”

I know this is her favorite way to make love, and I don’t waist a precious second needlessly debating. Her naughty words enflames me more. I couldn’t hold back if I wanted to, and I don’t!

I move my dick to the hot entrance of her luscious pussy. She is so wet and so ready for this. Playfully, I rub it against her yearning clit. Her body tenses and bucks with each pass of my dick across her quivering clit.

“Come on! Fuck me! Now!” she pants, her voice raised with desire.

My strong hands grasp her hips, and with all the strength I have, I impale her completely upon my throbbing cock in one long, smooth thrust.

“Ohhh, Gaaawwwwwd!” she hollers in exquisite pleasure as she instantly orgasms when her throbbing pussy totally engulfs my rock hard cock.

But I don’t stop at all. I’m out of control, pounding away furiously. Thrusting and driving my manhood deeper and deeper into her.

She’s moaning constantly now; her cries of bliss in time with each delicious thrust.

“Oh! Oh! Oh!”

This is more than I can take. My balls and loins are slapping mercilessly against her wonderful ass. The intense feeling of pleasure fills my entire body, emanating from my thrusting dick.

Then I am cumming. Spurt after glorious spurt erupts from me, and I’m filling her pussy to overflowing just as her own orgasm rocks her body.

Together we climax, clinging eagerly to each other for support.

Our bodies are exhausted, covered in a fine sheen of sweat and desire as I collapse backward onto the floor. Then she’s there next to me, nuzzling in close to me with my arm around her trembling shoulder.

She’s smiling her devilish smile at me, and I kiss her deeply.

And as I lay next to her and bask in the exquisite afterglow of our love making, two thought cross my mind.

The first is that I’m the luckiest guy in the world.

The second is that sometimes it’s alright if I’m not the one calling the shots. Sometimes it’s great to just follow orders. 

Sometimes . . .