 I'm half asleep, sprawled on the couch, and don't hear Him enter the room. The first time I sense His presence is when I feel a finger slide along my panties up the length of my slit. My mind is gone, well on its way to dreamland, but my body responds to His touch as it always does. My legs part a little wider, and my thighs turn out to give Him better access to His cunt.

He strokes me a few more times, then His voice cuts through my drowsy fog.

"Up, cunt, and strip. I want you nude."

I haul myself mindlessly to my feet, mind barely aware of what I'm doing. With my fingers clumsy with exhaustion, it takes me longer than usual to ease my skirt and thong into a puddle on the floor. After a few moments of ineffectual fumbling at the buttons on my blouse, I raise my hands above my head and He slides it up and off me. He steps back and I can hear him chuckle as I struggle to unhook my bra. I'm a chesty, G-cup girl, and any bra I wear requires too many hooks for my numb brain.

Finally, I get the band unhooked and slide the straps from my shoulders. My breasts fall free from the cups and swing slightly as I let the final item of clothing fall to the floor. His fingers are on my shoulders now, and He steers me back to the couch. A light push, and I tumble back onto my soft, upholstered cloud once more.

I smile sleepily as I feel His lips on my nipple and the lovely contracting sensation of it growing hard in His mouth. I hear Him chuckle appreciatively, and then He pauses. If I were awake, I would know what was coming next - but in my sleepy state I barely notice the pause.

My eyes flutter open suddenly and I gasp as His teeth press on my nipple. He releases it just as suddenly, and waits for my eyelids to get heavy once more. Just as I'm starting to drift off, I feel His teeth on my nipple once more, and I'm jerked awake. 

He chuckles.

He drapes one large, strong hand over my other nipple and strokes it gently. Slowly, the hand migrates down, across my belly and tugs gently on my fur. I purr.

I feel His finger part my lips, and then slide down my slick slit and deep inside me. He slides the fingers slowly in and out, and I sink blissfully into the movement. My hips rock in time with His hand, sliding forward to meet the fingers, then withdrawing as He does. I feel His rough thumb scrape across the very tip of my clit and another moan escapes my lips.

I'm hovering now, in a delicious place of pleasure between sleep and awake. I could rest here forever, riding His hand, riding the blissful wave.

Another nibble on my nipple jolts me awake again. This time, it's jarring and makes me cross and more tired than ever. Oddly, it also makes me throb harder. It's almost as though my body knows that I won't be allowed to sleep until I cum, and is working to get me there faster.

I force my weighty eyelids open, and smile at Him as seductively as I can. I slide my hands down His belly in search of His cock - which I know has to be hard by now - but He takes both of my wrists in one strong hand and places them firmly above my head.

"Try that again, cunt," I hear Him murmur, "and I'll have to open the toy chest."

I keep my hands obediently over my head. In the right mood, the toy chest is an enticement rather than a warning - but if I need sleep I'm not thrilled at the prospect of whips, nipple clamps and the various pain devices He has improvised over the years. 

He lowers his mouth to my belly, and my first impulse is to raise my hips to greet Him. Instead, I remain motionless and earn a satisfied chuckle.

"Good girl," he murmurs. "Now let go. Let it all go." His voice slides into a gentle rumble and I find my consciousness slipping away. "Just let it all go," I hear Him say, and then the soft blackness of slumber envelops me.

I have such dreams - beautiful purple satin dreams specked with fireworks and a wafting scent of chocolate. 

I awaken in bed, swathed in soft sheets and my skin feels soft and clean. There's a note on my pillow.

"Good girl. Recording's on the hard drive if you're curious."