 Chapter 1: Getting To Know Her

Many of the stories I have read on Literotica have been of the slam bam, thank you mam variety. While producing the desired results for awhile, they quickly become monotonous. I believe erotica and even pornography need to adhere to basic writing skills to be interesting, erotic and entertaining over the long haul. Consequently, I have endeavored to develop interesting characters and a good story line. Some of the situations that my characters confront are common to many of us. Others, we can only dream about. If you are interested in “hot sex” then skip the first two-thirds of this story. If you are interested in an erotic story, well told, I hope you find it here.

* * * * *

I have led a wonderful sex life. It has included many lovers and many different situations. This story (in several parts) is about one of the most interesting and unusual.

Lisa has been my mistress for the last six years. When we first met, I was married and 43 while she was single and 31. She is undoubtedly one of the best fucks I have ever had. In addition she is beautiful, charming, witty and sexually adventurous. Standing a little over 5’ 5”, with long blonde hair (not her true color), measurements of 37/28/34, she is a virtual sex kitten. And guess what, she is a partner in a large law firm…a beautiful and highly paid professional! I say she is my mistress, but not in terms of “keeping” her. Over our six-year relationship I suspect she has spent more on me than I have on her.

I first met Lisa when I started doing business with the law firm in which she is a partner. My work involved real estate transactions and corporate structuring. Lisa headed up the real estate section of the firm so she became my primary contact. When I first met her I couldn’t believe that, with her beauty, she could be smart and shrewd as well. Typical male mistake.

I have found over the years that women like Lisa, either attract macho assholes that simply can’t believe that any woman wouldn’t love to fuck them, or they intimidate regular guys with their beauty and brains. I have been successful with these kind of women by not hitting on them immediately and by treating them with respect. This has enabled my cock to visit delightful places that most men simply dream about.

I first started doing business with Lisa in March. I never said anything suggestive nor asked her out. Our relationship was purely professional and was carried out in her offices or by phone. She was aware of my being married but since my home wasn’t in her city she also knew I was away from home a great deal. I would typically go home every other weekend, leaving for home on Friday and returning on Monday. I kept a nice apartment in the city. It was convenient to my work as well as the best restaurants, entertainment and shopping the area had to offer.

In July I called her at her office one afternoon and told her that I was meeting some business associates for drinks the following night and needed a suggestion where to take them for an active week night cocktail hour. I wanted a classy place where business professionals, both men and women, went after a hard day at the office. She suggested a bar that was part of a very nice restaurant. She said this was the best place for winding down and meeting interesting people. I politely thanked her and hung up.

The next day after a meeting in her office, I told her I owed her an apology. She asked what for and I told her it was very rude for me to pick her brains and not even issue an invitation to join us for cocktails. Before she could say anything, I hastened to add that there would be six to eight people including at least two other women. I was trying to convince her I was not asking her for a date, but rather repaying her kindness.

She thought a moment and then with her dazzling smile said, “That could be fun.” Since the place she suggested was within walking distance of her office I suggested that I meet her there. Again, hoping to dispel any idea that I thought of her as my date. She said fine. She would meet us at six.

By the time she arrived I had already clued the guys that they would get a severe beating if they made any moves on her at all. I made sure they understood I was in the process of seducing this gorgeous creature. I told them it was OK to be friendly and charming, but NO moves were to be made. She was off limits to them. Since our circumstances had been reversed in the past, they understood completely.

Lisa was last to arrive and I could almost hear my friends thinking, “Holy shit, why did I agree to leave her alone?” There were 8 of us; three women, including Lisa, plus my four friends and me. The conversation was lively and the martinis went down smoothly. After a couple of hours, people started to leave. One of my closest friends had suggested a great idea to me when we were in the men’s room. He suggested that at the appropriate time he say to me that he and Beth (his girlfriend) were going into the dining room to have dinner and why didn’t I join them. The real brilliance of his plan was that he was going to have Beth suggest that Lisa join us. Once again removing me from any action that might be considered as showing interest in Lisa socially.

The plan worked to perfection. The four of us had a delightful dinner. It wasn’t long, in fact shortly after our second glass of wine; we started acting like couples. The conversation flowed between the four of us and then between Lisa and me. We didn’t talk about work at all. We talked about the wine, what my friends did for a living, the art on the wall and many other equally pleasant but neutral subjects.

It was close to eleven when we finally finished. I had no idea where Lisa lived so I asked if I could give her a ride. She said she would appreciate that as she didn’t feel safe walking home that late in the evening. We said goodbye to Greg and Beth and went to my car.

Within a short time we pulled up to Lisa’s condo. I got out of the car, walked around and opened her door, offering my hand to help her. I walked her to the door where she turned and looked up at me. For not the first time I was in awe of her beauty. She smiled and then said, “Reg, why don’t you come in for a nightcap. I think we need to talk.” All I could say was, “OK.”

She opened the front door and we stepped in. I already knew some of Lisa’s taste as I had been in her office and private conference room many times. Her condo showed those same taste; slanted toward the oriental in both furniture and art. It was lovely. She asked me if I preferred a nightcap or coffee. I told her coffee was probably best. She laughed and said she agreed.

While she made the coffee I looked around her living room concentrating mostly on the pictures. There was one in particular that drew my attention. It was Lisa with long flowing dark hair. I had suspected she was not a natural blonde, but wasn’t sure as I never saw any obvious signs such as dark roots. She was beautiful in the picture but the blonde seemed to bring out her inner beauty. It was also obvious that she enjoyed being a blonde.

Having come directly from work, Lisa had worn a business suit to cocktails and dinner. As she carried the tray with two cups and an oriental coffee/tea service into the living room, I noticed she had removed her suit jacket. My eyes were drawn to her breasts. So lovely encased in a frilly lace bra clearly visible through her sheer blouse.

She set down beside me and as she poured the coffee, she said, “Thanks for a wonderful evening.”

Trying to maintain my role as a business friend I said, “I am glad you were able to join me and my friends…” She suddenly cut me off!

“Reg”, she said, “Cut the crap!” 

I was startled. Crap was the first off color word I had ever heard her utter. She saw the surprise on my face and started to laugh.

“Yes, I say naughty words. Crap is the least of them. My girlfriends say I am a regular potty mouth! Does that offend you, Reg?” Without waiting for my answer, she continued, “I said cut the crap because we both know that is what it is. You asked me because you wanted my company and I accepted because I wanted yours. I enjoyed meeting your friends, but it was you I came to see.”

My coffee cup was stranded half way between the saucer and my mouth. I was waiting for what else she had to say. I didn’t have long to wait.

“I have one question to ask you Reg. Do you love your wife?”

Thank God I didn’t have a mouth full of coffee or I know I would have blown it all over the place I was so surprised at her question. 

“Yes, I said, I love my wife very much.”

I have never told another woman that I loved them, because I didn’t. I have never said my wife doesn’t understand me, because she does. Nor have I ever uttered a disparaging word about my wife. She is a wonderful person and I hope to spend the rest of my life with her. However, I happen to like women for themselves and that fact often ends up with me in bed blowing my nuts in some strange paradise.

“Good”, she said. “I am not interested in taking on the hardships of a husband. I am not looking for a Prince. I want a man who I respect, has brains, has a quirky sense of humor and is a great fuck. Over the last four months I have determined you meet the first three requirements. Do you wish to audition for the “great fuck” category?”

I admit that in all my years I have never been more dumbfounded. I looked in her eyes and saw both a challenge and a highly developed sense of merriment and mischief. All I could stammer was “Now?”

With a big smile on her face she said, “No Reg, not now. I may be a girl who might have, on very rare occasions, fucked on the first date; but I have never fucked BEFORE the first date. You tried so hard to make this evening a “no date” event, you created a “no fuck” event as well!”

I think I was relieved. With three martinis and a couple of glasses of wine, I had some nagging doubts that I would be able to pass the “great fuck” portion of her exam. I think she sensed my relief.

“Besides”, she continued, “it is late and I have an early meeting in the morning. Also there are two parts to the “great fuck” portion of the audition. One is the evening session and the other occurs the following morning. A man who does not stay over and provide a repeat performance is automatically disqualified.”

We both laughed and with some bravado I said, “I shall not fail!” 

“Reg”, she said, “It is obvious that we are attracted to each other. I have known that since the first time we met. I want to have a sexual relationship with you. I know you are not a “kiss and tell” type of guy. You would not boast to my partners, employees, clients or friends. They will probably conclude in time that we are fucking, but neither of us has to confirm their suspicions. You also can count on my never causing you any trouble, personally or professionally. Someday one of us will want to move on. If that is you, I accept that. It is important to me for you to have a stable home environment. Otherwise I could not risk a relationship. Is that OK?”

I replied, “I find it hard to believe we are having this conversation. I admit I have had your seduction at the top of my priority list for a long time. I guess my plan wasn’t as clandestine as I thought.”

“You did fine, Reg” she said. “It was just taking you too damn long!” Look, let’s call this a wonderful evening and look to the future. The firm has great season tickets for the Royals. I pulled them for this coming Saturday night. I have four. We can go by ourselves, assuming you are available of course, or you can invite Greg and Beth. I liked them very much.

“It’s a date,” I said as I rose from the couch and moved toward the door. She walked beside me, her hand in mine. When we reached the front door I turned and she moved into my arms. Her face rose to meet mine as we kissed for the first time. I had imagined what it would be like to feel her soft, full lips pressed to mine and to feel her breasts against my chest. However, my imaginings were nothing to the real thing. Her kiss started gentle and rose in passion as she pressed her body into mine and slid her tongue between my lips.

My reaction was instantaneous. My cock swelled in my pants as my hands found their way to her firm ass pulling her even more closely to me. Slowly she moved away, but as she did her hand slid down between us and grasped my hard cock. “Take care of this hard guy Reg. I think I am going to like him!”

The rest of the week crawled by. I saw Lisa briefly at a meeting and received a voice mail question on some documents she was preparing. When I returned her call I got her voice mail. Late Friday afternoon she left another voice mail asking that I pick her up Saturday afternoon about six to go to the game. She said she had all four tickets so Beth and Greg were welcome. My choice.

I decided to ask them to join us. Maybe help keep my passion for Lisa under control. I hoped they would restrain me if I tried to turn the seventh inning stretch into the seventh inning fuck! I had drinks with Greg and explained this wonderful situation. We had been friends for years. He vouched that Beth was cool and wouldn’t fuck things up.

Summer in Kansas City is generally hot and humid. Although this was a night game, it wouldn’t cool down until long after the sun set. I picked up Lisa at six, as instructed. She was gorgeous! She had on cool off-white linen slacks, boat shoes, and a sheer patterned blouse of various shades of yellow. He long blonde hair was in a ponytail. This 31-year-old professional woman looked more like a 21-year-old coed. I was enchanted. I could only hope the ball game wouldn’t be one of those long drawn out affairs that go into extra innings. I planned to go into “extra innings” when I finally got Lisa alone!

We had a great time. She was very knowledgeable about baseball, impressing the rest of us with her baseball knowledge. So in so was a sucker for a high inside pitch. Another was deadly when thrown a low outside pitch. She knew the players’ stats and how they fared against other teams. Her enthusiasm was contagious. I found myself yelling myself hoarse over a game I normally consider boring to the max.

I was concerned that Lisa might go into a funk if the Royals lost. I need not have worried as they won it in the bottom of the 9th on a sacrifice fly to deep left. Lisa was jumping up and down, hugging me and screaming HOT DAMN! All I could think about were her breasts and how hot they looked bouncing within her sheer blouse as she cheered the home team’s victory.

After the game the four of us went to Houlihan’s and drank our favorite poison and ate the biggest cheeseburgers I have ever seen. By midnight we were ready to call it an evening. We said farewell to Greg and Beth and decided to leave my car in the garage and walk the short distance to Lisa’s condo. The temperature had dropped, the moon was full and it was definitely a “lover’s night”.

We walked hand in hand. At a stoplight Lisa came into my arms for our first kiss of the evening. As the light changed and we broke apart she said in a whisper, “I missed you.” I responded in kind. On the other side of the street we came together again for a much deeper and longer kiss. When we broke apart I noticed our pace increased as we walked the last few blocks to her condo. We were both anxious to get behind closed doors.

When we entered her home, she told me to take a seat, she would be right back. I had a vision of her returning wearing something very sexy that would display her many womanly charms. I was wrong. When she returned after about five minutes she said, “Follow me.” I naturally followed her as she led me to her bedroom.

There must have been a dozen candles lit, flickering and casting light and shadows over the room. “I will be right back”, she said. “I have a wonderful Port that should be totally appropriate for this occasion. The bathroom is through that door.”

With that she left the bedroom. I went in to the bathroom and “watered the horse”, which was no easy feat. Taking a whiz when you have a hard-on is not a simple task. I was standing in her bedroom when she returned.

“Take a seat in that chair in the corner while I pour you some Port” I did as instructed wondering what she had planned. Knowing her, it would be interesting.

Lisa brought me my drink. She had poured one for herself. We clicked classes and she said “To us.” I murmured agreement as we tasted the smooth, sweet liquid. Lisa then walked about six feet away from where I was seated.

As the Port warmed my insides and the candles cast mysterious shadows around the room, Lisa softly spoke. 

“Reg, I have fantasized about this night since almost the first time we met. I have played and replayed various scenarios in my mind. One of the things I like most about you is your attitude; dominate but not mean. Most of the guys I have known have fallen over themselves to meet my every whim. You, on the other hand, while being polite and respectful, have never indicated that you really gave a shit. That is a big turn on to me. I have decided that on this first night together I am to please you. My pleasure will come from your pleasure. I want to strip naked before you. Is that satisfactory, Master?”

If she wanted sensuous domination, then that is what she would get. I paused several seconds, as if seriously considering her question. “Yes, that will be satisfactory,” I finally said. I noticed the tension leave her body.

Lisa turned and put on some soft oriental music. Very sensuous and as far from Night Train as it could possibly get. She then turned toward me and untied her ponytail, letting her shimmering blonde hair cascade over her shoulders. She had already removed her shoes. Her movements were slow and controlled. She maintained her gaze on me as she started to undo the buttons on her blouse.

When she had finished with the buttons, she undid the belt to her slacks and with fluid movements gracefully stepped out of them leaving them puddled at her feet. I suspected she practiced Far Eastern exercises as her movements were so controlled and effortless. Although her most treasured parts had not yet been revealed, my confined cock was already hard from the pure beauty and sensuousness of her dance. It was all I could do not to at least touch my cock if not remove it from its prison.

Lisa had seen the bulge and as if reading my mind, whispered, “Please do not yet remove the object of my desire Master, or I will be unable to please you with my dance. I would fall upon you and impale myself on your spear before we are ready.”

I could see she was serious. I nodded and she continued by removing her blouse letting it fall, joining her slacks on the floor. She paused while I drank in the sight of her in the most feminine undergarments I have ever seen. They were lacy and sheer, enhancing rather than covering her most secret parts.

Lisa partially turned and reaching behind undid the single hook on her bra. She slowly removed it and let it slide down her arms. I had the most wonderful profile of Lisa's breasts. They were, as I had imagined, exquisite. While heavy they maintained their firmness. Her nipples were erect and pointed upward. She then turned with her back to me and removed her panties. As she bent to remove them I was treated to an ass that was perfection.

She then stood up and with her back still to me she appeared to be caressing herself. I was past wanting to imagine, I needed to see. “Turn”, I said in a deep voice flush with lust. “Turn”, I repeated.

“Yes, Master”, she said as she slowly turned to face me again. Her arms were now at her side. Had I imagined her caressing herself?

“Were you touching your breasts when your back was to me?” I asked.
