 "Pssst. Quick, in here before anyone sees!" Miranda leaned out of the door and beckoned to Keith hurriedly, a broad grin of excitement parting her mocha-colored lips.

"But that's the ladies room," Keith hissed in protest, looking up and down the hall between offices. "I can't go in there!"

"It's empty, we just have to pay attention for the door opening! I've always wanted to do this." Miranda frantically waved again, pouting cutely at Keith. "Come on, please fuck me."

"Three years sitting at a desk next to you and I always thought you were such a good girl. 

So glad I finally worked up the courage to ask you out last month." Keith looked up at the ceiling as though for guidance and, summoning all his courage, dashed for the open door under Miranda's outstretched arm. "Into the last stall! Jeeze, I can't believe we're doing this." He pulled Miranda in behind him and threw the latch, then whispered harshly. "If we get caught, we'll get fired, probably arrested!"

"I know," Miranda said with an impish look. "Pretty hot, isn't it?"

Keith answered her by plastering his lips to hers, wrapping his arms around her torso and crushing her to him in the confined space. Their tongues wrestled for a while over just who's would get sucked on, before they reached an unspoken agreement to take turns. He tugged her skirt up quickly over her hips and tickled his fingers along the lace edges of her panties.

"Yes, Keith," She moaned softly, "just like that." She reached down to stroke the expanding bulge behind his zipper and cooed quietly. She pressed the pulsing vein in her neck against his suckling mouth and let her eyelids flutter closed.

Keith undid his pants and quickly pushed them and his shorts down, letting his pale, engorged manhood spring free, then sat on the stool behind him. He gripped both her wrists tightly, stopping her from obeying her natural instinct to drop to her knees in front of him. "We don't have time for that. Turn around." He released his hold and settled his hands on her wide hips, enjoying the way the royal purple of her satin undies looked against her ebony skin. He pushed on her back, coaxing her to press her face and hands against the stall door, gently slid the scrap of soft fabric down her thighs and leaned in to inhale the heady aroma of her arousal.

Miranda arched her back and pressed her firm, plush bottom towards him, bouncing gently on the balls of her feet. She winked back over her shoulder and said, "come get some sugar, baby." A blissful sigh escaped her mouth as she felt him pull her cheeks apart and bury his face between them. She squeaked sweetly and jumped a bit when the tip of his rough tongue flicked at her pearly button, teasing a dribble of juice out of her rosy honeypot.

He sat up and pulled at her hips, guiding her down onto his lap. She reached down between her legs and guided him in with one hand while holding herself spread with the fingers of the other. Slowly, with one long thrust, he pushed his rod up inside her sopping wet sex, pulling her down to sit firmly against his pelvis. He pushed her up gently and reached under her, stretching her further open and adjusting his angle, then pulled her back to him again, settling her into her rightful place around the base of his shaft.

She let all her weight press down onto him and ground her hips in a slow circle, feeling the thick, mushroom head of Keith's cock burrowing deep into her belly. She rolled her chocolate-colored eyes and groaned, "God, baby, you fit me so well." She gasped as he flexed his hips and sunk ever-so-slightly deeper. "That's it, give it to me."

Keith cupped her voluptuous breasts through her blouse, then carefully undid a couple buttons and pushed a hand into her bra. He wrapped one arm around her waist and pushed as hard as he could manage, wanting to be further inside her than he'd ever been before. "I love the way you feel, wrapped so tightly around me. The way you squeeze me." He could feel his passion quickly rising to the point where it would explode into her womb.

Miranda could feel it, too. The way he was getting extra stiff let her know he was very close. She felt her body responding, her insides fluttering and ballooning around his insistent member, opening to accept his lusty spurts. She rocked in time to his movements, meeting his every grunting thrust with eager humps of her own, needing to feel that familiar jumping and twitching inside her pussy.

The main door creaked like an exploding grenade followed by the staccato machine gunning of high heels hurrying to heed their owner's call of nature. Keith couldn't hold back, he was too close to the point of no return. He bit down on the back of Miranda's upper arm to keep himself quiet and gave a few final thrusts to the rushing watery sounds of their restroom neighbor's relief coming from a few yards away.

Miranda held herself as still as a midnight shadow, her head lolling back as her womb opened to Keith's pulsing eruption. Scalding hot passion rocketed up into her. Then her knees buckled as her own orgasm consumed her and she twisted and spasmed against his still twitching dick, biting her own lip hard enough that she tasted the metallic tang of blood in her mouth.

The loud flush and rapid tac-tac-tac of the high-heeled mystery woman echoed around the bathroom as the two spent lovers held each other in afterglow. After several moments, Miranda stood up, quickly catching the cream spilling down her inner thigh in her satin panties and snugged the purple fabric up over her neatly trimmed mound. They both arranged themselves and she looked around the bathroom to make sure they were alone again.

"I can't wait to see you tonight!" Keith said quietly as he straightened his tie. "This was over way too fast."

"Me either. There's one or two more holes that want a bit of attention!" Miranda agreed, adjusting her bra. She smiled at herself in the wall of mirrors, carefully smoothing her hair and tugging her clothes back into place, then turned to Keith, and said with a playful wink, "three more hours in our shifts, then we can talk about skipping dinner."

They stepped out into the hallway, kissed quickly and headed back to their desks, resisting the urge to hold hands.