 "Good one Leigh!" Drew almost snarled at his best friend, only barely stopping himself from slamming his empty glass down on the bar, as angry as he had not felt for a long time. "What a stupid thing to say!"

"What?" Leigh nearly whined defensively. He knew he had stuffed things up, not just for both of them, but for Drew, whom he never liked to displease.

"What? What, are you as thick as people say you are?" Drew's voice was rising, and he knew how it hurt Leigh to be called stupid, but just now he wanted to hurt him. He knew he had been so close to getting the beautiful woman out into his car, he knew she wanted it, and then Leigh had said that. Idiot! "What!? Oh! 'You could do both of us!'" he cruelly mimicked his friend. "As if a classy woman like her would be into that. For fuck's sake!" 

He ordered himself another beer, pointedly not buying Leigh one, as was the custom in those days-take turns buying the rounds of drinks.

The beautiful woman they were both referring to had, after Leigh had blurted out his "You could do both of us," merely smiled at him, picked up her bag and excused herself to go to the toilet, which was in another bar. In those days, the public bar was meant to be a male domain (some pubs even refused to serve women in them) and there were never toilets for women, so they had to go next door to either the lounge or saloon bar (which in some hotels was still referred to as the Lady's Bar) if they wished to use a toilet. That is what the beautiful woman had done.

"She might come back," Leigh said, trying to please his friend, almost in tears. He hated upsetting Drew, and was terrified when he was angry with him. 

"She won't come back," Drew growled, taking some anger out of his voice. Leigh was a great friend and he didn't like upsetting him. But sometimes he was just so stupid. 

He looked around the bar, just to avoid having to look at Leigh. It was a large bar, and nearly deserted now, nine o'clock on a Monday night. All the after-work drinkers had long since gone home. He and Leigh had come in about seven, after spending the day at the beach ogling beautiful women in bikinis. They were both in the last year of their apprenticeships, on the first day of the Christmas-New Year break. They had money, and the weather was great, and they had come to the pub just to play pool and have a few beers. Apart from them, there were a couple of older guys up the far end of the bar drinking quietly and playing darts. Other than these, the bar was empty.

The idea of a fortnight of beer and beach and not having to get up early was a strong one in their young minds, and they had come into the pub in a happy mood, and set about playing pool and joking with the pretty barmaid (whom they had both gone to school with and whom Drew had once slept with after a party, but she was engaged now so there was no chance of her helping with the horniness that the day of ogling had produced in him) and talking about which beach to go to the next day.

And then about seven-thirty she had come in, the beautiful woman. She looked somewhat out of place in that working-man's bar, but her demeanour showed she certainly didn't feel it. She was tallish, about five-eight, slim, with thick black hair, stylishly cut to just below her shoulders. She had a beautiful oval face; brown eyes, long eyelashes, a perfectly formed nose, and a mouth that said kiss me. Her outfit hinted at fine long legs, a tight bum, slim waist and medium sized breasts. Everything about her was beautiful, and the word that immediately came to mind when looking at her was 'class'. She was wearing a fashionably tightish black just-above-the-knee skirt, a pale pink blouse and flat-heeled sandals. When she came in she had stood at the door for a minute, looking around the nearly empty room, then walked to the bar near where Drew and Leigh were, sat on a stool and ordered a glass of white wine, itself an almost unheard of thing to drink in public bars in those days. The barmaid had stopped herself from smirking and gone off to get the drink. 

Drew and Leigh had spent about ten minutes concentratedly doing their best not to let her know they were looking at her, trying to focus on the pool game, and being careful not to appear young and silly. They guessed she was in her late twenties or early thirties, and her beauty eclipsed that of all the young women they had been ogling at the beach that day.

"Ok if I have a game?" she startled them by asking, after that ten minutes of letting them look at her. At least they are not drooling, she thought, smiling to herself.

"Course," Drew had answered immediately. Anything for an excuse to talk to someone so beautiful. 

In those days the custom was to put a coin on the edge of the table, signifying that you would play whoever 'owned' the table when that coin's turn came up. The beautiful woman knew the conventions, stood up and walked casually over to the table and put down a coin. All male eyes in the bar were focussed on her arse, and she knew it, but resisted the urge to wiggle.

The game ended with Leigh the winner this time, and his heart leapt that here was something he had beaten Drew at, he would get to play against the beautiful woman first, and he almost swaggered back to the bar to sit and wait for her to break.

She went over to the table after ordering another drink, put her money in, released the lever that let all the balls out, and set up the triangle. As was the custom, as the 'challenger', she broke, it was a good break, and it was obvious to the two young men that she knew what she was doing. And she did know what she was doing, in many ways. She had worked out from the way the two spoke to each other and to her that the tall thin one-Drew-was the dominant one in the friendship, and she also worked out very quickly that the shorter, medium built one-Leigh-was quite shy and uncertain. She let him win that first game.

Over the next hour or so, they had all introduced themselves, become quite friendly, joking and being quite at ease with each other. Drew and Leigh made the most of whenever she was facing their way and stretched over the table to play a shot, getting glimpses of the tops of pale breasts in a pale green bra with pink lace edging, or the couple of times when, after sitting down, she had for a moment ignored the riding up of her skirt, giving them glimpses of white thighs, and at the top of them the same pale green fabric, the same pink lace edging, of panties tight over her crotch. Both young men had extreme difficulty not staring, and she knew it, and enjoyed that they were. That was the whole point of the evening after all. She had told them her name was Sonia.

When they had gone off to the men's room-where after a brief discussion they had agreed that she wasn't a prostitute, something that had occurred to them at first until she had told them that she had her own interior design business which was going very well, as it was-Sonia surmised that they were discussing which of them would get the first try at making a move on her. That thought amused her-she wasn't sure which she wanted to take back to her car, though she was leaning towards the shy one, Leigh. She had a very good instinct for these things, and she sensed that she would be his first, and that added a new flavour to this, one of her increasingly frequent Random Fuck Nights.

They had started several years ago, these nights, and increased in frequency with the increase in frequency of dickhead-husband's so called business trips. She looked at the clock on the wall, as she waited for Drew to set up the next game-she had just beaten Leigh and it was her table. Twenty to nine-twenty to eleven where he was: no doubt now in bed with his so-called research assistant. Each time he went away she would have one of these nights. She loved them. She would randomly pick a pub a reasonable distance from her home, one she had never been to before and would never go to again, one where she was confident she would be unknown, drive to it, pick up a nice-enough looking man-or, on an especially good night, a woman-go somewhere and fuck for a few hours, then drive home, relaxed and satisfied and proud of her adventuresomeness. She was thirty-two and loving her life.

In those days the pubs shut at ten on week-nights, and Sonia figured it was getting close to the time to make some decisions. Drew, unaware of doing it, actually opened the window of opportunity for her.

She went over to the table for her shot, and Drew asked her should they play for some sort of stake. He was by no means drunk-she would have left by now if they were-but he had had just enough to make him brave.

"Like what," she said.

"Oh I dunno...," and now his nerve seemed to fail him. He had been going to suggest that if he won they would go somewhere in his car and fuck-he was sure she was after some sort of sexual adventure, though not sure if that was just wishful thinking on his part-but he couldn't bring himself to say it, so he just mumbled, " maybe go for a drive somewhere...you and me..." Sonia arched her eyebrows and smiled at him, softly said, "Maybe," and went on with her shot at the table. 

Taking heart from the "Maybe" Drew concentrated as hard as he was able to, she seemed to be sticking close by him, the scent of her perfume was driving him crazy, such a subtle scent that suggested so much. He was willing that maybe to develop into something more certain, trying too hard, and Sonia beat him easily.

They all sat back at the bar, and Sonia bought drinks for all of them. Drew was trying to get Leigh to go for a piss or something, but he wasn't getting the hints-or was he, and just ignoring them? You could never tell with Leigh. Leigh himself didn't want to leave his stool. They were seated in a kind of triangle, the two young men at the bar, and each time Sonia, who was sitting away from the bar, leant forward to either get her drink or put it back, she was giving Leigh especially a very good look down the front of her blouse, just as she intended, and he was the first of the two to get a glimpse of a full breast, even if it was covered in that pretty pink and green bra cup. Once he was sure he had seen a part of a dark pinkish-brown nipple against very white skin, and he swore at himself for his persistent shyness and awkwardness. She's showing me, he thought, and all I can do is sit here and stare.

Drew, who was certain he had a very good chance with this beautiful woman, was by now fed up with subtlety, and after swallowing almost a whole glass in one gulp, leant to Sonia and said,

"Would you like to go for a drive somewhere then? My car is outside."

Sonia sat back on her stool, her back straight, looked ahead between the two of them, and said very softly, "Mm I dunno...two of you...just one of me. Is the problem." She laughed softly and gently, not wanting to sound unkind-after all, she had been virtually teasing them both for over an hour now.

And that was when Leigh had blurted out, "You could do us both."

And now Sonia sat in the toilet in the lounge bar trying to decide what to do. She had, she knew, three choices. She could go off with Drew, that would fulfil the aim of this Random Fuck Night, but it would mean having to say sorry to Leigh, which would hurt him, and she sensed that he had been hurt, emotionally at least, a lot in his life. The second choice was the easiest-leave the toilet, walk out of the Lounge Bar, and go home, where she would just have to declare this Random Fuck Night a failure, and masturbate herself to sleep. She didn't like failure, and she didn't like hurting vulnerable people. Which only left Leigh's suggestion, as crude and blunt as it had been.

Have sex with both of them, and at that thought a hot tingle flashed through her belly and down to between her thighs. Why not? These nights were meant for adventure, and here was one she had never tried. Both of them, virile young men, both pretty good looking, fit (Drew's body especially hinted at hardness and muscle. Leigh was a bit, but only a little bit, chubby around the stomach, but that was ok) one after the other. Both of them young men, no doubt they wouldn't last long once they were inside her, but at their age they would be very capable of repeating their performances. The hot tingle had turned into a hot throbbing deep between her thighs. Yep, she decided, both of them. And the hot throbbing was accompanied by a hot flash of wetness. Serial sex, she decided, one after the other, over and over until she was satisfied. Fuck, this sounds good, were the words her mind formed, as she wiped her vulva carefully, stood and pulled her panties back up, flushed the toilet and went to the basin and washed her hands. Between her thighs little throbs pulsed rhythmically, as always happened for her when anticipation turned to decisiveness. She patted her lower belly through the skirt. Just be patient, Lady, it's going to happen.

Back in the bar Drew had told Leigh he was going to have one more drink then go home.

"I thought you were staying at my place," Leigh tried not to sound like he was whining, "so we could go straight to the beach in the morning. Mum's made up a bed for you and everything."

Drew looked at his friend, tried to take the anger out of his face, but failed and said nothing, knowing he had gone too far and trying to defuse the awkwardness.

So they were both totally surprised when Sonia re-joined them. She picked up the drink she had left on the bar, sat back on the stool, and took a sip. Then she looked at them both, feeling the tension between the two of them, understanding that they had been arguing, and that Leigh was probably the one the worse off. Angling her head so that she was still looking at them both, but more at Leigh-she wanted him to get the credit-she said very calmly, "Ok then, sounds like fun. Is there somewhere we can go? Beach maybe." She knew the beach was just a fifteen minute drive away.

The two young men were both certain they had misheard. They looked at her; they looked at each other, incapable of saying anything for some moments. Then huge grins broke over both their faces, and she flicked her eyes down to the fronts of their jeans, seeing the bulges grow as she watched.

"Don't suppose you have a blanket in your car?" she asked Drew, making sure she was sounding kind and gentle.

"Why?" was all Drew could blurt out. Was she really serious?

"So I don't get sand up my bum, silly," Sonia laughed, and put her hand on his arm, felt it trembling. 

"I got a beach towel, for tomorrow," and he was on the verge of trying to explain why he had a beach towel in his car before he realised it didn't matter why.

"That'd be fine. Ok then," Sonia finished her drink and stood up, as always determined that on these nights especially she was the one in control. "Shall we get some drinks, for after...and during..." and she laughed softly, and took some money from her purse. She ordered half a dozen cans of beer and a half-bottle of white wine from the pretty young barmaid, ignored the odd look on her face (what a pity she can't join us, Sonia thought, ) and paid for the drinks, insisting that the now very, very eager-to-please young men put their wallets away. This was part of being in control, something Sonia always ensured on these nights of hers, it was all about her and her desires, and there was nothing negotiable about that.

She let Leigh carry the drinks as they walked out to Drew's car, not getting close enough to either to allow holding of hands or anything like that. As experienced sexually as she was, this was new, and she was quite deep in thought about ensuring that neither of them would see himself as the preferred one. They were both going to fuck her, that's what they wanted, she was going to fuck both of them, that's what she wanted, and it was going to be on her terms.

Drew opened the front passenger door of his car and held it open for Sonia, thus making it clear that he intended that she sit in the front with him, exiling Leigh to the back seat on his own. There was no central locking in cars in those days, but this didn't bother Sonia. When Drew went around to get in the driver's seat, Sonia leaned in, unlocked the back door on her side, and got in. Leigh went around and sat in the back seat on the other side. Drew wasn't happy, and Leigh tried not to grin to himself that the beautiful woman had chosen to sit in the back with him. Sonia's reasons for this became clear before they even left the car park.

She moved over a little in the back seat, reached down and unbuttoned and unzipped Leigh's jeans. He moaned in surprise and fear at what this might mean. Drew didn't moan.

"Hey," he almost yelled, when he heard the unmistakable sound of a zip being undone, and saw in the rear-vision mirror who had done it. "This ain't fair," and he made himself laugh to take away any sense that he might be yelling at her-the last thing he wanted now was for Sonia to get angry and change her mind.

Sonia leant across and whispered gently in his ear, "Don't worry-you're the driver. At the beach you're first." And to show her good intentions, she flicked her tongue in his ear and kissed him on the cheek. Drew felt a hot trickle flash through his cock and knew he had spurted just a tiny bit of the fluid that had been insistently building since she had announced they were all going to the beach together.

Sonia sat back down in the back seat very close to Leigh, and put her hand into his jocks. She felt a couple of sticky patches on the material, and knew that the young man had been having little spurts of ejaculation. She liked that. Her fingers curled around the shaft of his cock: it was hot and hard and he couldn't hold back little groans at the sensation of the warm skin of her hand on his cock, and his hips automatically pushed up, pressing himself into her hand. Sonia knew that her stroking would very quickly lead to things getting very sticky here in the back seat, and she was mindful of her clothing. 

To prevent that, but mainly because she really wanted to, she moved herself around so that she was kneeling on the back seat, lowered her head and closed her lips around the head of Leigh's cock, her tongue flicking around it and across the tip, licking at the little fluids that were already there. Her tongue then slid up and down his shaft, tasting him, then she closed her mouth around the head of it again and started sucking on it, moving her mouth down, taking as much of his cock into her mouth as she could, feeling the head of it pressing into her cheek, the wetness on the tip, the hardness of him. His cock was about average length, it felt, but was quite thick, and between her thighs strong tingles anticipated how it would feel inside her.

Leigh was trying very hard not to moan out loud, and failing. The warmth and wetness of her mouth around his cock was wonderful, the pressure of her lips on the skin was becoming too much to bear almost, and the way her tongue flicked across and over the head of his cock was a feeling he knew he would remember always. He couldn't stop his hand from reaching under her, into her blouse, his hand brushed the soft green fabric of her bra, and he put his hand inside it, cupped a beautiful firm breast, recalled what a girl had once told him about not jerking or squeezing too hard ( 'It's not a lemon,' she had hissed) and he closed his fingers around it, holding it, feeling the hardness of her nipple against the palm of his hand, wondering could he pull her skirt back and up and feel in there, decided not to, and let his hand enjoy the soft firmness of her breast against his skin. He heard Sonia moan softly around his cock, and he hoped she liked the way he was touching her.

But now Leigh's mind started to lose what capacity for rational thought it had left, as Sonia's lips tightened more around his cock and she sucked harder up and down the shaft, her tongue lapping at the tip of it and tasting the clear neutral fluid that was now dribbling from it. She liked the way Leigh was cupping her breast, more gently than she had expected when his hand first went into her bra. There was dampness between her thighs now, a lot of it, and she was squeezing them together. She lifted her mouth from Leigh's cock, licked across the head of it again and again, then, as he moaned loudly, just in time she closed her mouth around the hot head of his cock , and a stream of hot wetness splashed against the roof of her mouth, Leigh bucked and another stream splashed into Sonia's mouth, then another, and as Leigh collapsed back onto the seat one last little trickle dribbled into her mouth, and her mouth was full of the hot thick wetness from him, and she gulped, and gulped again, felt some of it dribbling over her lips to her chin, and she gulped again, taking the last of it down her throat, savouring the bittersweetness of it, the texture and the smell always so wonderful. And this time, so much of it. And between her thighs a lightning flash of excitement that this was the first of a number of servings of the delicious thick fluids that would be erupting into her body in the next few hours. That was her plan anyway. 
