 The three of us sat in the living room in front of the television. I sat in a comfy arm chair to the right of Fiona and Tony, who sat together on the sofa, Tony being the closest to me.

The movie was a western. It seemed interesting enough and well made but my mind was somewhere else. In actual fact, it was on the big hard cock that lay in between Tony's legs. I kept looking in its direction wishing I could grab it in my hand and shove it forcefully into my gaping wet cunt. I was hot and sweaty, irritable and very uncomfortable. My heart was racing at 180+.

About 20 minutes of the movie had past when I saw Fiona put her lips to Tony's ear and whisper something to him. I had no idea what she was saying but knowing her it would probably be something about wanting him to cum for her or something along those lines. I could tell that she was a little bored. Russell Crowe or no Russell Crowe, she was hungry for cum. Hell, so was I. I was starving in fact.

Tony whispered something back to her and after a few seconds she turned to me.

"Sonia, are you hungry, do you want anything to eat?" she asked.

"Of course I'm hungry; I want to eat your boyfriend's hard cock in front of you to really fuck you off." I thought. 

"No thanks, I'm fine thank you." I said like a little girl. 

With a stupid whorish dirty look on her face she asked,

"Do you mind if I eat something while we watch the film?"

What kind of a fucking stupid question is that? I didn't give a fuck if she wanted to eat something in her own fucking stupid dump of a house! The BITCH! I hated her on an atomic level. I know that it was my hormones fucking with my mind, but I seriously contemplated stabbing the silly, cum craving whore.

"Of course not," I replied, "it's your house, do whatever you want"

God I felt like such a tiny insignificant turd. I wasn't worth shit.

Fiona mumbled something after that which I couldn't care less about hearing, and then I nearly had a heart attack.

She reached into Tony's shorts and pulled out his dick. In less then 2 seconds it was buried in her mouth and she was sucking it like her life depended on it. Tony looked at me and winked but I couldn't keep my eyes off of his cock. Fiona expertly sucked it while massaging his balls. 

He started to smile at me and I wasn't sure what to think. Was he playing games with me? What did he think would happen? I was starting to get angry with him for making me see how another woman gave his cock a thorough working out.

Then Fiona stopped and turned towards me and that's where it all started. Tony must have seen it coming, after all, he knew her better than anyone. Tony just stared at me and grinned and I remembered his words from that very morning. 'If it comes from her you won't loose a friend.'

"Are you sure you don't want some?" asked Fiona, "I don't mind, really."

Oh yeah, I wanted some alright and this time I wasn't going to say 'No thank you' like a silly little girl. I stood up and moved over to them.

"Actually," I said, exerting my authority, "I'm not hungry but I've always wanted Tony's cock buried deep in my pussy. I'm sorry, it's one thing to dream about it and quite another to actually see it in person. If I don't fuck it right now I'll go crazy"

I lifted up my skirt so that my pussy was in clear view and pushed Fiona aside. I sat down on Tony and his hard cock entered deep into my wet pussy easily. It felt so good and everything else disappeared from view. All I could see was Tony's face and all I could feel was heat penetrate me as I fucked him on the sofa. Fiona had disappeared completely from my existence. Nobody else existed. Just me, Tony and the sofa we were fucking on. 

I kissed him passionately on the lips and cradled his head in my hands. He was so beautiful to me. An angel sent from heaven to bring light into my life. I felt so much love I thought I would die and I would have been happy to die right there. It wasn't just that I would kill myself, if I had to, to save him. If death approached me and gave me a choice, I would choose to die for Tony. That's how I wanted my life to end. I wanted to give it to him. I was his.

We started to pick up the pace as we reached climax. His thrusts lifted my legs clearly of the sofa. It was like riding a bull, I held on to him while he pummelled my pussy into submission. I felt so alive. My pussy tingled and sparked every time his hard cock slammed deeper inside me. I wanted everything he could give me. There were no more consequences, no more problems; my whole life seemed to have been leading to that very moment. I wanted him to fertilize me and make me his forever.

"FUCK TONY! FUCK ME HARD TONY! CUM DEEP INSIDE ME. FERTILISE ME!" I begged him.

Tony pumped me harder and harder and I knew he was about to shoot his seed deep into me. I salivated with anticipation and opened my legs as much as possible. I wanted him as deep inside me as the physical universe would allow when the moment came. I grabbed on tight and waited for the blast. It came with a loud scream from Tony as I felt his body tense up in a futile attempt to control it and I was lifted clean of the sofa. I was balancing on top of him and the only thing keeping me from falling off was his thick rod, reaching so deep inside my innards, it hurt. Then came the intense heat. His balls exploded upwards and inside me. Like red hot lava spewing from a volcano. His sperm tried to blow me in to a thousand pieces. My body shook and convulsed on top of him as my pussy reacted and tried to defend itself from the onslaught with its own counter strike of fire. We shook violently together trying to withstand and control the flow of energy but it was impossible. We both screamed aloud as little by little it subsided and drained as both of every last drop of life we had. 

I felt a force push me away from Tony. Tears started to form in my eyes and I cried uncontrollably. Smooth hands touched me and I felt something moist and cool sooth my scorching pussy but nothing mattered to me anymore. I wanted to die right there and then. My tears became a flood and my murmurs became agonizing screams as my emotions ripped my sanity to shreds. I couldn't stop it; I had no control anymore as I felt pure ecstasy. I had experienced what I'd heard so much about but had never understood. I had been touched by the Gods. 

I looked down at Fiona's face buried in between my legs and tried to apologize to her for wanting Tony but she wouldn't let me. I tried to explain to her why. I needed her to understand me. Everything was a blur until I felt Tony's hand touch mine and I held it hard. Nothing else mattered to me.

Very slowly I returned to my senses as I saw Fiona undress until she was completely naked in front of me.

She started to say something but I was still too dazed to make out all the words. It was something about fucking, licking, cum, Tony, just a lot of broken words which meant little to me at the time. What I do remember is that she was smiling and didn't seem upset at all. For some reason I knew she should have been very upset.

She took Tony's hand in hers and as I began to think she was going to take Tony away from me, I felt relief when she also took mine. She led us slowly up the stairs to the master bedroom as I slowly recovered.

When we'd got there I was more o less back to normal. I still wasn't very sure what was happening because I hadn't heard her speak. But I knew that we weren't there to play scrabble of watch a movie. I took my clothes off as did Tony and then she told me that Tony was a dirty boy who needed a dirty girl, or something like that. I looked at Tony and he just looked back, winked and nodded slightly. Ok, I thought. So getting low down and dirty was the price I had to pay to have Tony to myself and not loose a friend. That was fine with me; I knew how to get dirty.

I stuck a finger into my pussy to get it all nice and wet before licking it dry.

"Deep down, I'm a dirty little slut." I said, and winked at Fiona.

I got down on my knees and put Tony's large hairy balls in my mouth while I reached up with my hand and started to stroke his cock back to its best posture. My other hand found Fiona's pussy and I inserted a finger into it. It was wet and slippery.

"Let's get dirty." I said, letting Tony's testicles pop out of my mouth.

I moved upwards and took his cock deep into my mouth. Fiona held my hand hard to her slippery pussy and watched me suck her ex-boyfriend's cock. I felt her fluids stream out of her cunt as I let go of Tony and moved my head towards Fiona.

We moved towards the bed and Tony lay down on it. Fiona got on top to suck him off while I ate her gaping twat from behind. I felt no jealousy or envy. I felt relieved and unemotional watching them. I knew he was mine. I was just doing a friend a favour. Everything was going to turn out fine.

I slid up the bed to join Fiona on Tony's cock and we both licked at it like two serpents attacking prey. Fiona rubbed his balls and we took turns putting his cock into our mouths to suck it dry. Tony must have been freaking out at his luck. He had two hot girls pleasing him at the same time. Two hot girls, who he knew intimately and were not strangers or whores, who would disappear by the next morning.

He must have been very excited because he came very quickly. Both Fiona and I put our faces together. We wanted him to cum over our faces and open mouths. 

His first wave of spunk flew into my mouth and over my nose and chin. Changing direction, the second spurt hit Fiona in the eye and dripped down her cheek. The third came to me again over my right cheek and the fourth entered Fiona's mouth dead on. She swallowed it all before turning to me and licking my face. She cleaned me completed and I returned the favour by cleaning her face with my tongue. I didn't swallow it though. I opened my mouth wide so that she could see Tony's cum on my tongue and I offered it to her. She opened her mouth wide and I spat it all inside it. She swallowed it all down and then opened her mouth to prove it.

Tony's cock hardened instantly.

"We should have done this a long time ago." said Fiona.

I smiled at her. Better late than never, I thought. Tony got up and stroking his hard cock asked,

"Anyone need a fuck? I do."

"It's my turn," said Fiona lying back and opening her legs wide.

He moved in between her legs and without hesitating, shoved his cock inside her and proceeded to pump her. No tenderness or kindness, just brute force and ignorance. Fiona loved every minute. I could tell that they were used to each other and that this attitude was normal for them. It seemed that there was only sex between them and not much love. That was fine with me.

I cupped and massaged his balls while he pummelled her pussy. His buttocks vibrating like a pair or crazed jumping beans. I slipped a finger into his anus and found his prostrate gland. He stopped suddenly and let out a groan. His body spasmed and he let out a tiny cry as his balls emptied themselves once more. He turned to look at me.

"What the fuck did you just do to me?" he cried.

I just looked at him and smiled.

"Damm Sonia, you are good." He said.

I started laughing and moved over to kiss him passionately on the lips. He moved off of Fiona but she still lay there.

"Sonia, sweetie, do you mind returning the favour?" she asked invitingly.

I let go of Tony and dropped down to service Fiona. I went directly to her open cunt and licked it. She moaned as my tongue pleasured her. All I wanted was to taste Tony's cum again.

Before that day I had never tasted another woman. The truth is it wasn't bad at all, it was actually quite pleasant. But I don't consider myself bisexual. Women don't turn me on at all. Men turn me on a lot, sometimes too much. I was licking Fiona's snatch but I was thinking about the man cum that I was extracting from it.

I felt something touch me from behind and Tony's cock entered my pussy. He caressed my body and slowly moved his warm hands across my back and then down to my breasts. His cock moved inside me slowly and was delicately massaging my insides. He kissed my back while he held me tenderly from behind. I smiled to myself. I was glad he hadn't just nailed me forcefully like he had done to Fiona. I like rough sex, but I needed so much more from Tony. I considered his to be the last cock I would have for the rest of my life. 

His movements accelerated slowly while I lapped up every drop of cum inside Fiona. She was purring like a cat and I knew she would cum soon. I didn't want to leave her stranded so I inserted a finger inside her soaking pussy while my tongue slapped her clitoris. Her hips gyrated under me as she reached climax and screamed with pleasure.

Tony quickened the pace but I stopped him and withdrew. Turning to lie on my back I opened my legs wide and begged him to come in. I wanted to see his face while he fucked my brains out again. He lay on top of me and inserted himself inside. His slender fingers grabbing my tits, while his manhood nailed me to the bed. I wrapped my legs around him and held him tight. I wanted him so deep inside me.

Fiona looked on with a smile on her face.

"You two are made for each other, I can tell." She said.

She reached towards the bedside table and opened a drawer. She took out a silvery object and pointed it towards us. It was a small camera. She started to snap away from various angles while Tony and I continued fucking. On a couple of occasions I looked at the camera and smiled. What the hell, I thought. It wasn't the first time this weekend I'd gotten all pornographic in front of a camera. Tony looked at me and bit his lip.

"On the subject of cameras," I whispered in his ear, "me and you need to have a little chat."

He smiled slightly but said nothing. We all continued fucking, sucking and licking each other until we'd expended every joule of energy we had left and fell asleep together naked and caked in each others bodily fluids. I don't know exactly what time it was.

The next day I felt very relaxed. We had crossed the boundary of shame and awkwardness and we'd become closer than ever. Tony and I stuck together like glue all day long and we didn't hide it from Fiona. We'd showered together, sat together and touched each other without hiding anything. Fiona looked on as she knew that all our lives had changed that weekend. A new chapter and a new adventure began. I don't know who had gained more from it. I know that I felt happier than I ever remembered being and Tony also seemed happier and more relaxed. For Fiona, I think, happiness wasn't what she'd gained or in fact wanted. She'd gained excitement and adventure or at least the illusion of both. I like to think that all our lives changed for the better but I am probably being naïve.

I see Fiona in a different light now. I'd always considered her the stable one in our friendship and I was always the crazy free living other half. That had obviously been reversed, but something didn't feel quite right. Something profound had happened and I'm not entirely sure that her true feelings were expressed. She'd lost a big part of her life. Six years is a long time and her acceptance of me and Tony together seemed a little forced. I was afraid there was something hiding deep in her subconscious. Something which would one day surface and no one knew what affect it would have on her. Maybe I am being a little melodramatic, maybe she really was bored with her life and this had opened up new hopes and experiences for her. Maybe my instincts are wrong. Only time will tell.

That was my weekend. Like I said at the beginning, I'm not a writer or have even considered writing anything before now but I must say it has been fun reliving that weekend and sharing it with you. I may write again one day about my life with Tony. We have a very active sexual relationship and we have done some strange things. Our current fad is in doing it in public places. 

I have asked Tony to tell his story too. I suspect it would be a totally different view on life and hopefully a lot more entertaining. I hope he does. Maybe if all you readers ask, he will.

*

Thanks for reading and I hope I haven't bored you too much. 