 The next morning I woke up at about 11 o'clock. I went to the bath room in a sleepy daze and only after a few minutes did I remember the events of the night before. I smiled to myself. It wasn't a dream after all. It actually happened. 

I had given Tony, the dirty peeping tom, a little dirty show and I now felt a little nervous. How would we all react to each other now? How could I look Fiona in the eye knowing that her man was secretly in love with me? Last night it seemed very simple. I wanted Tony, Tony wanted me, and I had no problem stripping down and showing him my wet pussy with my entire fist inside. In the morning, however, everything seems a lot more complicated.

I went downstairs and entered the kitchen. Fiona was already there sipping from a mug of hot coffee.

"Morning," I said, yawning.

"Good morning Sonia," she replied, "Did you sleep well?"

"Like a log. I haven't slept so well in ages." I replied, "What happened last night? I heard voices soon after I went to bed."

I was curious about what they talked about after the crash. I hoped he hadn't hurt himself.

"Nothing really, Tony managed to fall of the computer chair. He said he'd fallen asleep." She rolled her eyes as she spoke.

I peeked into the living room and asked, "Where is Tony?"

"He had to go to work to finish something off, apparently." She said, "He said he'll be back before 12.

"If you ask me he was wanking off again last night when he fell of the chair"

I looked at her expression to see any sign of anger, there was none, only resignation.

"What makes you say that?" I asked her.

"Well, I caught him a few weeks ago at 4 in the morning, sitting at the computer with his cock out. I couldn't see what he was looking at and when he heard me enter the room he must have closed whatever was on the screen." She said. "I really can't explain why he does that, I'm constantly sucking and fucking him, he's not sexually starved for Christ's sake!"

"Maybe he needs more that just to have his balls drained." I said without thinking. 

I really shouldn't use an explicit tone when talking about my best friend's boyfriend. But I saw him in a different light now and I had to be more careful how I phrased my words with Fiona.

"What do you mean?" asked Fiona. I tried to formulate the words in my mind before speaking them out loud. "Well, maybe he needs to feel more desired and less used. I know how blunt you can be with him at times. And I also know that you like sperm too much." I said.

I tried to sound more objective and less informed about Tony's true feelings. I knew that Fiona thought that I was the last person who could talk to her about not using a man for the sole purpose of pleasing oneself, but I continued anyway.

"What I mean is," I continued, "Sometimes I've had to make guys feel wanted to get the most out of them. I think that some men need to feel that they are more than just a cock with legs and a full time job."

Fiona stared at me with a blank expression on her face. 

"Maybe you're right." She said finally, "But I don't know how to do that. Maybe he needs to be with someone like you."

I'm not sure if at that point she noticed that I was blushing, but I certainly felt hot and bothered. I began to think that she sensed something about our feelings, but it was probably just me being paranoid.

"Do you love him?" I asked her. I looked her squarely in the eyes. The question was very important to me. 

She gazed through the window but didn't answer me, so I asked her again.

"Do you really love him, or are you just comfortable in a routine with someone who treats you well?"

She finally looked at me.

"Of course I love him, at least I think I do." She seemed confused. "You think I don't love him?" she asked.

I wasn't sure how to answer that question and I didn't want to get into a debate about her personal feelings. After all, I wasn't exactly unbiased.

"I don't know Fi, you told me yesterday that you were bored and wanted some stranger on a bus to cum in your mouth." I said.

We heard the front door open and the close and after a few seconds Tony came into the kitchen. My hands were shaking and I couldn't look him in the eye in the presence of Fiona. He gave Fiona a peck on the cheek but didn't, for one instance, look in my direction or say anything to me. 

Although I understood his situation, I felt discarded and abandoned at that moment. All my hopes and expectations fell like a lead balloon. I turned around quietly and went to my bedroom, locked the door and sat down on the bed. 

It is at these moments when one is more susceptible to paranoia and insecurity. Negative thoughts invaded my mind. Maybe he didn't like what he saw, maybe he felt disgusted at me doing what I did. Maybe he didn't love me anymore. Maybe I'd lost him forever. What if he'd been in love with someone else that he thought was me but wasn't and I'd disappointed him. I started shaking and tears ran down my cheeks.

There was a knock on my door.

I looked up and dried my eyes with my hand. 

"Yes?" I said weakly.

"It's me, Tony," he replied, "Can I come in?"

I stood up quickly, and after checking myself in the mirror, opened the door. Tony came in, closed the door behind him and sat down on the bed. I looked at him but said nothing waiting for him to speak first. I had to know what he thought about what had happened.

Minutes seemed to go by in silence.

"I desperately needed to speak to you but now I don't know what to say." He said finally.

I couldn't hold it in any longer. Tears started to fall again from my eyes and I started to cry heavily.

"I'm sorry I've disappointed you," I cried out. "I know it was a slutty thing to do, but..." 

Tony stopped me from continuing; he stood up and held me tight. Putting his warm hand on my cheek to dry it he moved his lips to mine and kissed me deeply. I closed my eyes and let my emotions take me away. My mind went blank as he detached his mouth from mine. 

"I love you, Sonia." He whispered, "I adore you and need to be with you more than ever."

I just stared at him, my legs felt very weak and I needed to sit down urgently. He must have realized that I was unstable on my feet, because he held me and gently led me down onto the bed. 

After a few minutes of silence holding each other I finally managed to speak.

"Where's Fiona?" I asked hoarsely.

"It's ok," he said, "she's gone out to buy a few things for lunch.

"Sonia, I need to know how you feel before I go mad, I'm sorry I've put you in this situation I really am, and I understand if you don't..."

I put my finger to his lips to stop him from continuing.

"I love you too, Tony." I said, "I've always loved you."

I started to cry again but this time is was from mental exhaustion and happiness. I felt as if I'd won the lottery and ran a marathon at the same time.

I kissed him deeply letting my tongue run wild in his mouth and held him tight. I didn't want it to end. I had imagined this moment a thousand times but the reality was much better than anything my imagination had conjured up. He felt so warm and I felt protected. I hadn't felt that since I was a child in my father's arms. At that instant I knew that nothing would ever hurt me again. I could stop fighting each day and survival in the big wide world seemed a lot easier. Never would I have imagined that a simple touch from anybody could give me so much tranquillity and peace of mind.

"What are we going to do?" I asked him.

"I don't know," he replied, "but I'll think of something."

"We should just tell Fiona. She deserves to know" I said.

"Yes she does, but there may be a better way." He became pensive for a few seconds before continuing.

"If it comes from her she'll handle it better and you won't loose a friend. I know how her mind works." He smiled at me, "Trust me."

"I trust you, more than I've ever trusted anyone," I said, "but let me know what we're going to do."

I felt very warm inside. And I suppose it was force of habit, because I put my hand on his tight crotch and squeezed his genitals lightly. All my instincts were telling me to fuck him. Many years of accumulated sexual frustration from dreaming of his hard cock inside me, I suppose. I felt his penis expand inside his jeans and continued to rub him. He put his hand on my knee and moved it slowly up my inside leg toward my red hot vulva. He rubbed my pussy through my pyjamas and I automatically started to unfasten his belt and undo the buttons keeping me from the juicy meat pudding between his legs. I put my hand inside his slips and pulled out his cock. The smell was intoxicating and made my pussy pulsate with desire. I stared at it in adoration for a few seconds before moving my open mouth towards the tip. Drops of white pre-cum oozed out. I put his helmet into my mouth and sucked deeply while my tongue found the hole and tried to insert itself inside. 

There was a noise downstairs. My mouth let him go and he quickly buttoned himself up. I opened the door and he dashed off towards the bathroom. He had a noticeable bulge in his jeans that would be difficult to explain to Fiona. He glanced back towards me before entering the bathroom, blew me a kiss and mouthing the words 'I love you' and then disappeared through the door. I closed the bedroom door and decided what clothes to put on. I wanted something discreet so that Fiona wouldn't think I was provoking her boyfriend but sexy enough to have him salivating over me all day.

I finally decided that a normal thigh length green skirt and white blouse was up to it. The sexy part was no underwear and a recently waxed pussy to flash at Tony now and then when Fiona wasn't looking.

I went downstairs and met Fiona again in the kitchen. Tony came down soon afterwards and we sat there and talked. Fiona was interested to know what I would do now that I was in London. I wasn't sure at the time. I think I was considering how my life would change. I had every intention of being with Tony and I didn't care where.

I positioned myself so that Tony always sat opposite me and Fiona to one side of me. I noticed how he couldn't take his eyes off of me and I hoped that Fiona wouldn't notice. I'm pretty sure that I was staring a bit too long at his crotch but I don't think she noticed that either. 

Every now and then when I saw Fiona look the other way or through the window I would part my legs slightly and give Tony a glimpse of what I considered to be his property from now on. He would look casually and he would change his sitting position. Obviously he was becoming uncomfortable in his tight jeans.

"I'll be back in a minute." He said, "I'm going to change into something more comfortable"

He disappeared for a few minutes before returning with a white t-shirt and a pair of large green boxer shorts. He seemed very comfortable now and the baggy shorts meant that his erection was hidden.

"Hey," I said laughing. "We're wearing the same colours. Like twins."

Tony grinned at me and said that he hadn't realized until now what colours I was wearing. I didn't believe him for one second. I think it was a symbolic way to tell me that we were one. Fiona looked at his shorts and smiled.

"Hmm, I love those shorts," said Fiona "you have everything hanging loose and ready for action."

I looked at Fiona feeling a little jealous. Tony smiled slightly, and winked at me. 

"Why don't we sit in the living room." He said.

"A great idea." Said Fiona

And we all went and sat down on the comfy sofas. Fiona sat next to Tony and I sat opposite them. I didn't like the seating arrangement. I couldn't flash my pussy at Tony without Fiona seeing me. But Tony would now and again lift up his leg and his balls were clearly visible to me through the opening in his shorts leg. My pussy was drenched and I felt like touching myself. My inside leg was dripping and I had to go to the bathroom to clean myself up from time to time. Every time I returned to the living room I would catch Fiona suddenly raising her head. She was obviously sucking Tony off when I wasn't there and that was making me even hornier.

I had two options. I could either take a cold shower or hide away in my room and finger fuck myself silly. But I didn't want to be out of sight of Tony. I needed to see him constantly. The situation was really becoming unbearable.

The afternoon past eventually and I think the three of us were ready to explode. Fiona didn't get a chance to drink Tony's cum because of me. I couldn't fuck him because of her and poor Tony couldn't do either of us because of, well, either of us.

Eventually Fiona got up and said that she would start on supper. So she picked up the phone and dialled for pizza. When she went to the kitchen to prepare the table before the delivery came I was left alone, at last, with Tony sitting opposite me. 

Making sure that Fiona was out of sight, I lifted up my skirt so that Tony could see how wet my pussy really was. He, in turn, lowered his boxers and there was the best view I'd had all day. His balls were big and the elephant's trunk which shot straight up and stood to attention was magnificent and glistening, probably due to Fiona's saliva. He started to stroke its full length in front of me and it seemed to grow even bigger and harder. I started to touch myself too. I inserted a finger into my pussy and then put it into my mouth to taste myself. Tony started stroking himself harder at the scene and for a moment I thought he would cum right there in front of me. He licked his lips looking at my pussy. God I so wanted to mount him right there and then.

"The table's all set!" shrieked Fiona's voice from the kitchen. "Come and sit down and have a drink. The pizza should be here soon."

I got up as did Tony. But before we left the living room I dipped my finger into my pussy once more and this time offered it to him to taste. He sucked it and licked it clean.

"I need you, Sonia." He whispered. "I need you so much."

"Fuck me Tony, Fuck me hard and cum inside me." I whispered back, "I want to be your slut forever even if I have to share you with Fi"

I meant every word. I really wanted to be his sperm bank for all time. I would die to be fertilized by him. I needed to feel him impregnate me and make me his woman. I would gladly denounce my freedoms to be his, and all I could think about was getting fucked by him over and over again and feeling his hot cum fill me like the dirty cum craving slut I felt like when I was near him.

We got to the kitchen and sat down to wait for our meal. Eventually it came and we ate and talked about nothing really important until Fiona mentioned the movie.

It was then that things became interesting.

I know that Fiona has told that story already but I would like to tell it from my point of view. Including the details of what happened afterwards in the bedroom which Fiona mostly left out.

TO BE CONTINUED...