 The next couple of weeks continued in much the same way. While I never had the chance to get her off again, Sonia gave me a fair share of handjobs when the opportunity presented itself. Trisha was working more and more, so the opportunities became more plentiful. In fact, this particular weekend, she was off at a conference that was part of a class she was taking in the fall semester, only a short time away. Even her brother was staying at a friend’s house for the weekend so it was just Sonia, her mom , and me. 

Saturday morning came with a lot of shouting above my head that woke me up. From what I could gather, Sonia was being barred from doing something or going somewhere that night and she and her mom were really going at it. Giving up on sleep, I trudged on upstairs to the kitchen.

“Sonia, you’re not going and that’s the end of it!” came from the living room, followed by Sonia stomping past me and towards the coffee pot that was slowly filtering. 

“Morning,” I whispered to Sonia, not wanting to upset things more. It had become kind of an odd punishment, but anytime Sonia got in trouble, she was in charge of getting coffee for her mother. This was reserved for minor offenses only, and it wasn’t really to enslave her, but Sonia was willingly going along with it, probably in the hopes of smoothing this over and having her mother relent to whatever request she had made.

Sonia grunted a reply and set a coffee mug on the counter for her mother, waiting for the coffee. She was almost rigid with anger. I’m sure it was probably no big deal in the grand scheme of things, but to a teenage girl, even an 18 year old, it was a matter of life and death to be able to go out with her friends. I simply tried to ignore it. Trying to lighten the mood, I jokingly asked, “If you’re already pouring some, do you mind getting me a cup too?”

She whirled around ready to tear into me, and then suddenly stopped. “What?” I asked suddenly worried, my little attempt at levity not having gone so well. Sonia looked over my shoulder, then back at me, then over my shoulder again. I turned around, but there was nothing there, only the hallway leading into the living room. When I turned back, Sonia had poured the cup of coffee and set it on the counter top. “I have to change filters, mom. It’ll be a few minutes,” she called out, still sounding angry.

But as she said it, her hand came up, lightly brushing my limp penis through my mesh shorts. Her other hand, she brought up her index finger to her mouth, warning me to keep quiet. Obviously. She then moved her hand with more force against my member, almost kneading it, tugging on me until I was completely hard.

When she had achieved her goal, she slid her hand inside the waistband of my shorts and my underwear. I jumped slightly when her soft hand wrapped around my shaft and began to slowly jerk me off. She couldn’t get much movement in the confines of my shorts, so the effect was more teasing than satisfying. But it didn’t matter to me. Sonia was giving me a handjob in the kitchen while her mother was only about twenty feet away in the next room. There were no doors on the kitchen or the living room, though the angle of the hallway prevented anyone from simply poking their head out of the one room and looking into the other. Though her mom could conceivably make it into the kitchen from where she was in only a few seconds, I felt confident that we could stop what we were doing with no one the wiser if she walked in on us.

Sonia had other plans. Also noticing that her hand couldn’t stroke me fully in my shorts, she pulled the front of my shorts down, tucking them under my balls. With nothing impeding her, she went to town on my cock, jerking me off so fast that her hand became a blur. I began to thrust in time with her strokes, wanting to cum quickly lest we get discovered.

“Sonia?” came the call from the living room. I stopped my undulating but Sonia continued with her hand.

She looked at me and whispered, “Are you close?” I shook my head no. While her handjobs were always intense, now combined with a sense of exhibitionism, I wasn’t quite ready to climax yet. Sonia softly bit her lip for a second, before pulling her shirt up so that it exposed her breasts, resting on top of them. “Grab my tits,” she hissed at me before responding to her mom, “A few more minutes,” and then continuing with her hand on my cock.

I still was fooling my self thinking we could quickly disengage if her mom entered. My back was to the door, so she probably wouldn’t notice my dick in her daughter’s hand, though she would probably observe that her breasts were now spilling out of my hands. I groped Sonia roughly, pulling her titflesh and twisting her nipples, causing her to moan softly. I’m sure she was getting wet, but I knew trying to get a finger into her while she was wearing tight shorts was just about impossible considering our situation.

After a few minutes, Sonia asked me again, “Now?” 

“Close,” I replied, mauling her tits.

She bit her lip again. “Okay, just please tell me when you’re about to cum.” Before I could even nod a response, Sonia dropped to her knees in front of me and plunged my cock into her hot, wet mouth. That right there almost pushed me over the edge. My girlfriend didn’t really like to give oral, and I had sadly never had a blowjob in my life. This was the farthest my cock had ever been in anyone’s mouth, and Sonia knew what she was doing! As my hands still rubbed her tits, Sonia kept a hand on the base of my shaft, the other hand curling around to cup my balls and gently rub them. Meanwhile, she was alternating between pistoning her head so that my shaft thrust in and out of her mouth, with periods of slow sucking, my cock almost completely out of her mouth, her tongue bathing the head. She would then thrust her tongue in and out of my pee hole, tongue fucking my cock. It was intense and I still couldn’t believe this was Sonia doing it.

Close, from out in the hallway, came the call,” Is it ready yet?” I stopped and tried to pull out of Sonia’s mouth, but she bit down, not hard, but enough that I couldn’t slide the thick crown of my cock out from between her teeth. She looked up at me. I nodded my head vigorously. I was about to cum. At that, she released her teeth from my cock, and replied, “It’s cumming in another minute or so, mom.” She giggled at her little play on words, but I thankfully heard her mom retreat back into the living room. “Just tell me when,” she repeated, as she proceeded to press my cock against her lips and beat my meat furiously.

After a few seconds, I croaked, “Now.” She pulled my cock from her face and reached up to grab the mug full of coffee. I realized what she was going to do a split second before she did, but I couldn’t stop the flow of cum, though I don’t think I would have even if I had the choice. It was just so nasty and unlike Sonia that the mere thought actually made my orgasm more powerful. Sonia positioned the steaming cup of coffee beneath my dick, just as long jets of sperm shot out, rippling the surface of the liquid, as I emptied my balls into the coffee. I was almost doubled over, not wanting to scald my genitals, but at the same time, taking a perverse pleasure of what we were doing and not wanting to waste any of my cum. After what felt like an eternity, I finally stopped, gripping the counter for support. 

Sonia calmly got to her feet, pulled my shorts up to my waist again, and reached for a spoon. I was still in a daze from what had happened as she carefully stirred my sperm into her mom’s coffee, her tits still thrust out, the nipples hard, and her mounds red from my assault. Only as she was just about to walk out of the kitchen did she pull her shirt down. From out in the living room, I heard Sonia tell her mom,” Here you go. I put some extra cream in it, as you like it.” I too left the kitchen and walked past the living room just in time to witness Mary Jo drinking her morning coffee mixed with my sperm. As I headed upstairs to take a shower, Sonia winked at me, and I began to wonder how far she was going to take this revenge thing against her mother.

*****

A couple of hours later, I was back downstairs in my bedroom when Sonia came down to do laundry. As soon as she saw me, she grinned. “Mom enjoyed her coffee. Thanks.”

“What was that all about?” I inquired.

“Oh, nothing big. She just never really lets me do what I want. This morning, things just sort of came to a head.”

“And speaking of head...” I said, causing Sonia to laugh.

“Becky showed me how to do it once with a vibrator. Afterwards, she popped my cherry with a dildo. It was a fun night.” I was beginning to see Becky in a whole new light. Not that I ever regarded her as sweet and innocent, I just never thought of her as this sex fiend, especially with Sonia.

Sonia and I continued our conversation for a few more minutes as she dumped clothes into the washer, then retreated back upstairs. I myself had a ton of stuff to do for class. I stayed down there most of the night, coming upstairs only to make a couple of sandwiches. When I stepped upstairs, Mary Jo was just getting ready to head out. She was wearing a low cut top and a miniskirt that showed off her legs. While Sonia’s divorced mom was in her 40s, she was a definite milf. 

“ Off to go find a mate?” I teased.

“Oh, hush,” she replied. “I’m going out with my sister tonight, but I probably won’t be back until late, but I WILL be back.” We said our goodbyes, and she went out the door.

Sadly, even though I was alone with Sonia, I had to make the hard choice of going back to work with school. I headed back to my dungeon.

*****

I had been asleep for only an hour or so, when I felt someone tapping me awake. After a few seconds, I opened my eyes to see Sonia leaning over me. I looked at the clock and saw that it was a little past 3 in the morning. “What is it?” I asked groggily.

“Just take your clothes off and come upstairs,” she whispered. I could then see that she was completely naked in the dim light, her breasts creating a firm outline in the dark. 

I started taking clothes off, and asked, “Why not here? We’re alone.” Sonia just started walking away and up the stairs, her tits bouncing softly. Now I was curious, as I slipped out of bed and followed her, my dick not quite hard but far from soft. When I got upstairs, Sonia was waiting at the foot of the second staircase.

“Shhhhhhhh,” she put a finger to her lips, and climbed to the second floor. ‘Okay,’ I thought, ‘This is starting to border on weird’. I followed her again. When we got to the second floor, she didn’t go into her room like I expected. Instead, she continued into the small den next door. I now had an idea where this whole thing was going. The staircase to Mary Jo’s room was in the den. And sure enough, when I walked into the room, Sonia was standing with one foot on the bottom stair. When she saw me walk in, she merely continued up into her mom’s room. My cock was now almost fully erect, as thoughts off us fooling around in Mary Jo’s bed came to mind. I continued up the stairs myself. The staircase was unique in that it opened up directly in the middle of the upstairs room, rather than an outside door. I could see Sonia at the top now, and I eagerly bounded up behind her. Just as I reached the top, my fantasies vanished as I could clearly see that the bed was already occupied. I stopped cold as I could make out enough detail to see that it was Mary Jo sprawled out on her bed. Sonia, seeing me hesitate, reached out and grabbed my hard dick, pulling me softly the rest of the way into the room.

Sonia leaned to my ear. “She’s passed out drunk. Look, she didn’t even change her clothes.” I could see that she was indeed still wearing the miniskirt and blouse she had on earlier. Sonia, still using my body as a handle, maneuvered me to the top of the bed, by her mom’s head. Coming up behind me now, she slowly pushed me forward until my knees hit the mattress. She wrapped her arms around me and pressed up against me. I could feel her hard nipples against my back and her trimmed bush on my ass. “Now,” she whispered, her hand snaking around to my cock, “I want you to do exactly as I tell you. My mom is dead to the world when she’s like this, so enjoy yourself.” She gave my cock a few quick strokes and I moaned appreciatively.

“First,” she continued, “touch her tits.” 

“Sonia...” I started to protest. But her fist picked up it’s pace and I knew she had me. I tentatively reached out my hands and brushed the front of her blouse. I could feel her breasts beneath the blouse quite distinctly, and I realized that she wasn’t wearing a bra.

“Keep going,” Sonia urged. All the while watching Mary Jo’s face for any sign of movement, I slid my hands more firmly across her chest. Her boobs weren’t as big as either of her daughters’, but they still fit into my hands. I could feel her stiff nipples in my palms. I wondered what kind of dreams she was having right now. Fortunately the full moon was shining right into the window of her bedroom, and I could see the buttons clearly to pull apart. When I had finished the last one, I pulled the two halves of her top apart, exposing her tits to my view. They were finely sculpted and smooth. I glided my hands gently across their surface. When I brushed her nipples, Mary Jo moaned softly. I stopped immediately, but Sonia squeezed my cock. “Keep going,” she repeated.

I returned my hands to her tits, squeezing them, feeling the weight. I tugged on each of her nipples, pulling her tits away from her body, and then allowing them to fall back. Sonia leaned into my ear. “Taste them.” I actually moaned at the thought, and obediently leaned in to suck her mom’s tits, all while she jacked me off. I licked my way across first one, then the other, pulling each nipple into my mouth, chewing them. “That’s it, “Sonia started. “Lick her tits. Suck on her nipples. That’s it, bite them.” Sonia’s words were brining me close to cumming as I thrust my cock through her fist. Sonia also noticed this, and removed her hand. I moaned again, now for the lack of physical contact. She again wrapped her arms around me and whispered,” You don’t cum until she does.”

Now we had crossed the line. I turned around to face her, but before I could make a protest, she kissed me, forcing her tongue deep into my mouth, and resumed with her handjob, the head of my cock sliding wetly across her belly. At that point, I realized that I was going to do anything Sonia asked of me. She broke her kiss and commanded me down to the foot of the bed. I started to pull up Mary Jo’s skirt even before Sonia told me. I was actually impressed to see that her mom was wearing a dark thong beneath her clothes. I slowly slid the thong down her body and off. I reached up between her legs and was shocked yet again to feel a completely shaved pussy! The folds of her lips were open slightly and I could feel the dampness between them. She had been turned on by the “foreplay” with her breasts. I slid a finger inside of her and moved it around. Mary Jo was moaning again, and also starting to pump her hips in time with my finger. “Sonia, could you please keep touching me?” I pleaded. She hadn’t touched my cock since our kiss.

“You might want to get her off quick then, ‘cause I’m not touching it again until she does,” she teased back. This was torture! But wanting so bad for Sonia to make me cum, I knew the quickest way to get her mom there. Now it was my turn to shock Sonia. I spread her mom’s legs apart and knelt down, bringing my head down to her pussy. I could smell the sweet musk coming from her. I thrust my tongue out, tasting her sweet pussy for the first time. I could hear Sonia breathing hard behind me. I lapped at Mary Jo’s pussy, sliding my tongue all over her lips. When I reached her clit, I sucked it into my mouth, laving it with the tip of my tongue. She was moaning and thrashing all over the bed now, but incredibly did not wake up. While I sucked her cunt, I stuck two fingers into her wet twat, moving them in and out. I’ll admit I cheated Sonia a little as I pressed my aching cock against the mattress and grinded my body against it, bringing me just the tiniest of relief. 

After a few minutes, I could tell I had her mom on the brink of an orgasm, so I slid another two fingers inside, finger fucking her pussy with four fingers. That did it. Her hips lifted up hard against my mouth as her juices flooded my tongue and dripped down across my palm, as she let out a long slow moan as her climax hit. I lapped up as much as I could before Sonia pulled me away. “Okay stud,” she giggled, “Now for your turn.” 

She positioned me back at the head of the bed and stood behind me once again. Her much awaited hand returned to my stiff cock and resumed with its handjob, while her other hand reached between my legs from behind to cup and rub my balls. Precum was oozing out of my dick and Sonia’s motions spread it all along the shaft as her other hand tugged on my sack. “Let me try something Becky told me about,” Sonia whispered.

“Fine,” I barely noticed, thrusting my cock into Sonia’s hand.

“Well, I need to get my fingers wet.” She stopped wanking my cock, but kept her hand on me. I realized it was so I could hear her putting her fingers inside her wet cunt. I could her the sticky wet noises of her fingers as she masturbated behind me. “Now, relax,” as her hand started up again on me. She then slid her fingers between my legs again and I could feel the wetness of her juices on them as she slid them up the crack of my ass to my asshole. She toyed my asshole with just the tips of her fingers. My girlfriend had never done anything like this and I was eager to see how far Sonia would go. She slowly poked her nail into my asshole, then the tip of her finger, then up to the first knuckle. I tried not to tense, but it was difficult, never had anything going into my ass before. She thrust her finger in and out of me, each thrust pulling more and more of her finger inside me until I felt the whole thing suddenly slide inside me. My cock swelled even harder when she did it.

“That’s it baby, let me fuck your ass. Let me make you cum.” Her dirty words were bringing me to a state of arousal I had never reached in my life. Her one hand was jerking my cock furiously, her hand becoming a blur. Her other hand had her finger thrusting roughly in and out, finger fucking my asshole. I was close to cumming. And Sonia and I both wanted me to cum in the same place. My whole body was shaking now and I knew I was about to release. 

“Sonia, baby, I’m about to cum.”

She quickened her pace on my cock and leaned in to stick her tongue in my ear. Just as it was about to hit me, Sonia jammed a second finger up my ass. I roared as thick white ropes of cum squirted out of my cock and actually splashed as they hit Mary Jo across the side of the face. The first few jets coated her face and got through her hair. Sonia then directed my cock, and the last couple of shots landed across her mom’s tits. I stood there spent as Sonia slowly eased up on my shaft. Mary Jo was covered with more cum than I had ever shot in my life. Some of it was running off her hair and dripping into her ear. I could see some had landed on her lips and I hoped it would drip into her mouth too. I also realized that something else had happened that hadn’t since I was a teenager: my cock was still rock hard.

Sonia pulled me back so she could lean over her mom. “Good night, mom,” she said. As she leaned over, her ass was right in front of me. I realized I was still horny too. Sonia planted a quick kiss on her mom’s lips and I could see a small strand of my sperm connect the two briefly as Sonia pulled away. As much as I loved what Sonia had done, I wanted to regain control, even if it was just in my mind. Before she had a chance to fully stand up, I grabbed her hips and brought my cock up hard against her so it nestled in her ass cheeks. Sonia giggled but thought I was just teasing. I pulled my hips back slowly so my cock slid down until the head rested against her pussy. “What are you doing? She sounded worried. So I thrust forward hard, my thick cock sliding inside the hot wet folds of Sonia’s virgin cunt. No foreplay, no teasing, just ramming it home on the first try. 
