 My girlfriend, Trisha, and I had been dating for well over a year, when her mother invited me to move in with them for the summer to attend classes at the local college. There is no way I could have afforded the dormitory costs and tuition fees otherwise, so I jumped at the chance. And of course it meant that I got to spend each and every night in my girlfriend's bed! 

My girlfriend and I are both in our mid-twenties and are madly in love. We first met in a class we had together but were seeing other people at the time. By the end of the semester, however, we had both broken up with our significant others and were hot and heavy for each other. She is about five foot two and petite, but with a fantastic set of 36c breasts and a body to match. Sex with her is always amazing, and I love the feel of her legs wrapping around me as I drive into her tight pussy. She is almost always game for trying new things. The only problem arises from the fact that I have a much higher sex drive than her. She's satisfied to have sex at least once a week but I need it much more! I have to masturbate at least once a day or I'd go crazy. My girlfriend does give me the much appreciated hand job fairly often even if she doesn't want the sex, so I'm not complaining.

Her parents are long divorced and she lives in a nice house with her mother, little brother, and younger sister, Sonia. Sonia was every bit as hot as her sister. She had long jet black hair that reached to just above her waist. She was always incredibly tan and had these long smooth legs that just went on. Her breasts, while not as big as her sister's, still were perfectly round and full for an 18 year old. I masturbated many times with visions of Sonia doing various things to my cock, making me cum like a fountain all over her body. But I never really gave Sonia much thought in that regard other than as a jerk off fantasy, and I certainly never thought of her in reality as anything other than my girlfriend's sister.

About a week after moving in, I was already immersed in my studies, spending much of my time in our bedroom in the basement. Her mother worked during the day, and her brother was always over at some friend's house, so it was usually just me and the two sisters in the house most of the day. Today, Trisha had to go into work at the mall. 

"Are you going to be okay without me for awhile?" my girlfriend teased, coming downstairs into the bedroom, wrapped in her robe after getting a shower.

"I'll be just fine, thank you," I replied, intently staring at the small gap in the robe that was displaying a generous amount of cleavage. I was never one for subtlety. Trisha had no doubt as to what was going through my head, and took the opportunity to tease me a little further. She slowly undid the tie at her waist, but didn't remove or even really open the robe much. Now I was treated to a generous strip of flesh that traveled from her neck, through her cleavage, showing the swells of her breasts on the sides, across her stomach and between her thighs; I could see the dark patch of pubic hair between her legs, and the sight brought me to an instant erection.

"Down boy," she laughed, removing her robe entirely. "I have to go to work right now. However," she continued, walking slowly across the room toward me, causing her tits to bounce slightly with each step. Her pink nipples were clearly hard, though whether from desire, or the fact that her body was still slightly damp from the shower, I didn"t know. Nor really cared! "When I come home, we can play if you'd like." With that she straddled across my lap, grinding her crotch against my cock. Confined in loose mesh shorts, it ached to be set loose, straining for her heat. Trisha kissed me fully, her tongue sliding into my mouth, and I gripped her firm ass cheeks in either hand, forcing her against me even harder. She laughed again, before standing up. "I promise to make it up to you,  "she giggled. Now it was her turn to stare as she noticed the tent in my shorts, giggling even more.

"You better," I smiled, adjusting my hard on to a more comfortable position. It took Trisha only a few minutes to get dressed and be on her way, leaving me alone with my erection. I sighed, closed my books, and walked over to the bed. There was no way I could concentrate now. I took off my shirt and shorts and laid down, all ready to masturbate. I had only gotten in a few strokes before I decided to save it for later that night when she came home. Now what to do until then? Having already decided to forgo the studying, I thought maybe I could distract myself with a movie. I put on a pair of underwear, then the shorts, but skipped the shirt before heading upstairs to the living room. At least the briefs were keeping my cock from sticking out like a poker and it was easier to move.

After searching for a few minutes through the various movies accumulated by the television, I couldn't get the thought of my girlfriend grinding against my body out of my head. "Maybe Sonia wants to watch a movie. She can pick one" I thought. I did a quick check of my cock to make sure it wouldn  t be as noticeable to Sonia before heading up the flight of stairs. Her room was the first door off the second floor landing, with the bathroom on the one side and her brother's on the other.

She and I got along great, but our paths never usually crossed during te day, as I was always downstairs studying and she was always upstairs in her room. When I stepped onto the landing, I could see Sonia's door mostly open with a light on. I gently rapped my knuckles on the door before pushing it open and walking into the room. "Hey Sonia," I started before I realized she was trying frantically to snuff out a cigarette and flip it out the open window before I noticed.

"Busted!" I grinned, folding my arms across my chest. She was wearing her tight jean shorts that were low cut, and a simple black tank top. She was sitting on the window seat with one leg tucked underneath her, a perfect position to try to sneak a smoke when she thought no one was around. "Next time, try locking the door," I teased.

But Sonia was clearly made nervous by the fact that I had caught her. "Please don't tell my mom! Please!," she pleaded.

Now I felt bad. While I didn  t think smoking to be all that smart a habit, I certainly wasn"t going to give her a lecture and I definitely wasn"t going to turn her in. Before I could reassure her, she kept going with her pleas.

"Mom'll kill me if she knew! Please!" She was practically crying now. "I'll do anything! Please don't tell!" As soon as I heard her say "anything", a flood of my fantasies of Sonia poured into my head. Of course, I knew that wasn't what she meant, but I couldn't help but wish! I could just picture the Penthouse-like fantasy of Sonia sucking my dick as I promised her I wouldn't tell a soul. Sonia, laying on her bed, as I licked her wet pussy, while she told me what a bad girl she'd been.

I snapped out of my daydream and focused on Sonia to tell her that it was cool with me, when I realized that she was now the second woman today to stare at my hard cock. Naturally, my fantasies had an effect on my already straining member, and I had a prominent bulge in the front of my shorts. She was quiet now, looking at my cock. It was driving me insane and I needed a release. "I wonder how far I can take this. If she'd tell anyone, I'd always be able to come back with the statement that she was lying because I had caught her smoking." These thoughts raced through my head as I calculated my odds. Maybe I could just jack off in front of her. That thought made me groan slightly, so I figured, what the Hell?

I uncrossed my arms and slowly brought my hand down to the front of my shorts, returning Sonia's gaze. She glanced up and met my eyes, before looking away and turning red. I cupped my balls through the mesh material and ran my hand up my shaft, giving the head a squeeze. I moaned audibly at this, again catching Sonia's attention. She gave up the pretense of embarrassment and didn't look away this time. I continued my rubbing but the material was starting to chafe my skin. With my other hand I slowly reached inside my underwear and gripped my cock. It was too much. I needed release!

I pulled my shorts and briefs down in one motion, my cock bobbing free.

"You're huge!" Sonia gasped, at which point I had to laugh, because Tommy Lee I ain't. 

"Actually, I'm only a little bigger than average," I explained. I was stroking my cock full bore now, thrusting it through my fist. And all the while, Sonia kept watching, not moving, though her breathing was picking up. "How many have you seen?" I pressed, imagining her sucking off a guy and letting him cream all over her face. I groaned again.

"None for real," she answered candidly, absorbed in watching me masturbate in front of her. By now the pre-cum was flowing freely from the end of my dick and was dripping down my shaft. The squelching noises of my wetness filled the room, as my hand lubed my cock. This was one of my fantasies, right in front of me.

Sonia continued, "I have seen pictures and a porno or two...but never in person."

"What about Chris?" I asked, referring to her last boyfriend.

"I rubbed him through his jeans a couple of time, but I don't think I ever got him off." There's an opening if I ever heard one!

"Would you like to touch me?" I whispered, picking up the pace with my fist. But Sonia quickly shook her head. Damn! Nonetheless, I moved closer to her, never stopping in my strokes, finally stopping only a couple of feet from her. My eyes kept darting from one part of her body to the next; her black hair, then her legs, then her breasts, and just about everything else.

"What have you done? Have you french kissed a guy?" Despite the beauty sitting before me, I was trying to get her to give me even more fodder for my lust. I placed my left hand under my testicles and began to massage them in time to my hard thrusts with my right hand. I wasn't quite there yet, but I was rapidly getting close.

"Of course!" she sounded almost indignant.

"Has a guy ever touched you between your legs or up your shirt?" I was almost shaking at this point.

"Well, Chris rubbed me through my jeans, too, but never anything spectacular. And a boy from school once had his hand up my shirt, but I was wearing a bra so he really didn't get to feel much of my boob." 

Now I was close to cumming, just picturing her making out with some guy. I stopped pulling on my balls, and reached down and gently grazed my fingertips across Sonia"s arm. Her skin was so soft and smooth, with just faint wisps of hair. I slid my fingers up and down her arm and then traveled to her hand, caressing that as well. She was completely focused on what I was doing. "And now for the hard part," I thought. I picked up her wrist and slowly pulled her hand up. When she didn't resist, I drew her hand, palm up, between my legs, until she reached my sack. Her fingers twitched slightly when they came into contact with my hot skin, and I almost jizzed right then. But I held onto her wrist and slowly manipulated her arm so her hand was rubbing my balls, then I let go. Sonia kept her arm right where it was, continuing to fondle my sack.

"Mmmm, Sonia. That feels so good. Your hand rubbing my balls." I was nearly beside myself and ready to burst. A wave of pleasure hit me and I leaned forward, catching my balance by moving my free hand to her shoulder and leaning on her.

Now this was a fantasy come true! Here I was standing naked before my girlfriend's hot sister, jacking off in front of her, while her hand was massaging my balls. I knew now I had her. 

While my one hand was a virtual blur on my cock, my other hand traced the line of the strap of het tank top down. I paused my movement when I could just feel her chest start to swell, and looked at her face. But she was too intent on looking at my pistoning cock and rubbing me that she either didn't notice what I was about to do or just didn't care. I hoped for the latter, though as long as I could get away with it, I really didn't care. I slid my hand down further, across her breast, my knuckle grazing her nipple, eliciting a sharp intake of breath from Sonia, but she made no move to stop me. I cupped her tit fully, feeling the firmness of it, her nipple a sharp point in the palm of my hand. She was wearing no bra.

Groping her breast was too much and I could feel the pressure building in my balls. "Sonia! I'm about to cum! You're making me cum!" Just before I started to spurt, I quickly slid my hand from her breast and thrust it up her shirt. My first hot jet of cum squirted out at the exact moment that Sonia moaned loudly at the first feel of a man's hand on her naked tit. I squeezed it hard as I kept cumming. Most of my sperm landed on her tank top or on her outstretched arm, but the last two streams landed right across her smooth leg.

I stood there exhausted. I had never cum that much in my life! And the realization that almost all of it was on Sonia made me groan again. Sonia kept rubbing my balls softly and was grinning. "That was awesome!" she exclaimed.

This was too good not to repeat and I frantically tried to think of an excuse to have her do it again. Then it suddenly hit me how this had started in the first place. "I promise not to tell your mom you were smoking for now." 

"Thanks, " she mumbled. Then here eyes grew wide. "Wait! What do you mean for now?" She looked too cute sitting there, still groping my groin, covered in sticky white cum, but almost in tears again.

"I'm going to need you to do this again sometime," I continued. "I'll never tell your mom even if I catch you again, but only if you help me get off anytime I need." Boy, was that bold!

But it worked.

"Well, how often would that be?" Now she looked totally downcast but this was simply a business negotiation to her now.

"Maybe a couple of times a week." I hoped that didn't sound too pushy, since I seemed to be pressing my luck.

"Okay," she mumbled, finally releasing her grip on me. With that, I turned around and moved to pick up my clothes, and then out the door. When I reached the door, I turned around again to Sonia, my softening dick swinging with me.

"You know what Sonia?" I asked. She simply stared at me, still sitting drenched with my sperm. "That wasn't the first time I had an orgasm while thinking about you." I turned around and headed onto the landing, but not before seeing a smile cross Sonia's face.

To be Continued...