 I stepped inside the house past Tony and into the hallway. Fiona closed the door behind me while Tony followed me into the kitchen and took my travel bag.

"I'll just go and put this in your room." He said, and rushed off upstairs.

I helped myself to a cold beer from the fridge and sat down at the kitchen table. Fiona came in and sat next to me. 

"Looks like you had an interesting journey." She said. 

I looked at her and smiled wickedly. 

"You could say that. Come and smell this." 

I opened my mouth and blew out a breath over her face.

"Oh my god!" gasped Fiona, "You really did have a good time didn't you? How much did you swallow down? I want details." Fiona's eyes sparkled.

"4 times," I replied, "the first two were very heavy loads; the last two were less filling. I met him on the bus. We sat together and things just went on from there." 

I related my journey in detail with obvious omissions. I couldn't mention that in my imagination I was fantasising about her boyfriend.

"You're such a little slut and I'm so envious." she said, "I wish things like that would happen to me. I must travel by bus more I suppose. Maybe some nice guy would cum in my mouth too, but things like that never seem to happen to me. Maybe it's because you're more slutty looking than me, and I don't mean that in a bad way."

I seriously felt like hitting her. Not because of the "Slutty looking" statement. That didn't bother me and I knew she wasn't insulting me. In fact, from her, it was a compliment. What really pissed me off was that she was living with, what I personally considered to be, the greatest man in the known universe and she wanted to drink cum from some short guy on a dirty old bus. 

Ok, fine, I know that I'm probably idolising Tony and in reality his just a normal guy. But that's not the point. For years I have been going slowly nuts thinking about him, fantasizing and pretending he was all mine. I was probably the only person who she shouldn't be saying things to about betraying Tony. Of course, she didn't know how I felt about him. She was just talking to a friend. But even so, I would have liked to punch her lights out. Tony was the only person I felt protective about.

"Who was the foreign guy who answered the phone on monday?" she asked.

"Just a guy I was fucking," I replied smiling, "All cock and no brains but at least I didn't have to put batteries in him and he did at least know how to pound my pussy."

"You are something else." She said laughing.

"Hey, you don't tell Tony about these things do you? I would die of shame. It's a girl's thing after all." I pleaded.

"Of course not!" she said in shock, "Like you said, its girls talk. 

"What was the bus dude's name? Did you even ask? Are you going to see him again?"

"His name is Ton... Tom." I said, "And no, I'm not going to see him again."

"Tom Tom? That's cute. I suppose he never gets lost" She burst out laughing at her own joke.

I opened the beer and took a large mouthful making Tom's taste disappear forever. I didn't care about that anymore. Tony was just a few feet away and tonight in bed I would give myself the best finger fuck of all time knowing that he was in the room next to mine. Speaking of Tony, he'd been gone a long time.

Tony eventually came downstairs to the kitchen after 25 minutes. 

"Where did you disappear to?" Fiona asked him absently.

"I took Sonia's bag to her room." he replied nervously.

Fiona stared at him.

"For 25 minutes? Is her room on the other side of London? This house isn't that big."

She spat the words out and I felt sorry for Tony. I didn't know how he put up with her at times.

"You weren't Wanking off again were you?" She continued, "You know how I hate to waste good cum." 

Fiona laughed as she said it. Tony glanced at me and blushed and I just looked away embarrassed for him. Fiona could be very crude.

"Oh yeah," he replied flippantly. "You know I want to redecorate the living room and paint is very expensive these days. Besides, I'm sure you two had things to talk about." 

"Yup, you could say that." said Fiona, looking at me with a twisted smile.

I felt a little tired and in need of a hot shower. It had been a long and sweaty day.

"Do you guys mind if I have a quick shower? I feel really sticky." I said.

"I bet you do." said Fiona laughing, "You know where everything is. Help yourself Sonia. This is your home too you know that."

"Thanks Fi." 

I finished my beer and stood up to go upstairs. It had been a long day and I felt drained. 

I climbed the stairs to the guest room which I always used. Everything was the same as the last time I was there. My travel bag sat on top of the bed. I picked it up and started to remove items from it. The book, some clothes, and a sealed envelope with a typed message on the front which I didn't remember packing. 

PLEASE OPEN THIS WHEN YOU ARE COMPLETELY ALONE. It read.

I held it in my hands and looked at it. Maybe Tom had left me a note. He must have written it before he entered the bus. That's probably why he was a little late. I heard foot steps coming up the stairs. I quickly hid the envelope back inside the bag and proceeded to sort out the clothes I would wear after the shower.

There was a knock at the door, it was Tony.

"Are you decent?" he asked before entering.

"Not usually but you can come in anyway." I winked at him when he entered. He paused for a second and then smiled. I felt my heart skip a beat.

"Just wanted to check that everything is alright and ask you if you need anything." he said.

"Actually, everything is perfect, thanks Tony. How are things with you?" I asked. 

He was being very attentive this time around. On other visits he would be cordial and very nice to me but never as charming as he was being now. I liked that very much.

"Life is good and better now that you're here." He said, "Anyway, if you need anything just shout" 

He turned around and left before I had a chance to say thanks.

After the shower I dressed and went back downstairs. I was very hungry. I remembered I hadn't eaten anything since breakfast due to my nerves from the journey. I found Fiona in the kitchen preparing supper. When I say preparing supper I mean she was putting delivered Chinese food onto plates. She was never a good cook.

"Feeling better?" she asked.

"Yes, I feel born again, thanks Fi. How are things with you and Tony? Still going strong after, what? 6 years now?" I asked.

"Things are great. Good as ever," she replied, "Although, between you and me, I feel that my life is a little stagnant recently. I feel that It needs a little adventure.

"Tony is great and everything, you know him, he's the best and he never ever lets me down. He's always there for me. But, I don't know. It's just me; I sometimes envy the life you lead. Free as a bird and doing whatever and whoever you want." She confessed.

"You know what they say." I responded, "Relationships are like underground trains. Those who are in the train want to get out and those who are on the platform want to get in. It's just how life works I suppose"

"Are you telling me Sonia, that you would like a steady relationship?" she asked smiling, "You? Little miss 'I fuck what and when I want'?"

I thought about my words for a second before answering, "Actually, sometimes I do. And I envy you a lot at times. When I am alone at home and haven't got anyone to just be there for me, it can get a little lonely."

It was much more than just companionship. I knew that, but I didn't know how to say it to her without giving myself away. How could I possibly crave a loving relationship when, according to her point of view, I have never been truly in love? The fact that I was truly in love with her man was not something up for this conversation. I tried to tell her not to do something she'll regret for the rest of her life.

"Fifi, don't waste what you have for a fun 30 minutes." I said, "Are you really prepared to risk loosing Tony for 50 millilitres of a stranger's cum in your mouth? Think about it. Is it really worth it?"

"Of course not." she replied, "But you have to admit, it does get the blood pumping just thinking about it."

She was a sucker for cum. She always had been and I never understood it. I liked to provoke men. I liked to feel very sexy and needed men to desire me and I would do dirty things to feel sexually attractive. I admit I was a slut at times. But Fiona was different. She just craved cum. It was like a drug to her. I had never met anyone like her before or since.

The conversation ended when Tony walked in. He carried a DVD in his hands which he'd just rented out for the weekend. 

"Which film did you get?" asked Fiona.

"It's called Swingers cum fest nine." He answered grinning from ear to ear. 

I looked at the DVD cover in shock, it was a blank blue rental cover and I couldn't read the title, Fiona just burst out laughing.

"What film did you actually get? You're scaring Sonia." said Fiona. 

I looked up and they were both staring at me. I must have gone white. I relaxed a little and smiled at them.

"Ok, I'm sorry." said Tony, smiling at me while I slowly melted under the gaze of his beautiful dark eyes. 

"It's actually called 3:10 to Yuma. With that Australian guy you like." He continued, moving to look at Fiona.

"Mel Gibson or Russell Crowe?" asked Fiona.

"Crowe." Replied Tony

"Good, I like his films. But we'll watch it tomorrow night, I'm too tired to stay up tonight." said Fiona. 

I agreed. I was very tired and I really wanted to get to bed early. I had a date with my fingers, my pussy and the thought of Tony in the next room.

We had the Chinese supper and chatted about nothing really important until around 11 o'clock before I told them that I was tired and said goodnight to my friends. I climbed the stairs and after a quick trip to the bathroom to pee and brush my teeth I went to my room and closed the door. I sat on my bed and looked around. A small reflection caught my eye coming from a small box on top of one of the shelves on the corner. I stood up to have a closer look. It was a small 10cm decorative flower patterned box but on one of the darker flower patterns I saw a small round reflective object protruding from it. I looked closer. I was a camera lens. I went to the door to listen. Tony and Fiona were still downstairs and were arguing quietly. He was saying that he wasn't very tired and that he was going to stay up a little longer. She was saying that she wanted to go to bed now because she'd had a long day.

Eventually Fiona went to bed. I heard her enter her room and close the door. Tony was still downstairs in the living room. I heard his computer boot up with the typical Windows tune on start up and then everything went quiet. Could it be that Fiona wasn't joking when she said that she caught him masturbating? I wondered. 

Suddenly like a flash, a thought popped into my head. I glance back at the hidden camera. Would Tony plant a camera to look at me? Is that why he took so long returning from putting my bag in the room? For a short while I felt violated. I didn't know what to think. Why would Tony want to spy on me? Have I done something wrong? Did something go missing the last time I was here and he thinks it was me? I sat down on the bed to think.

Without looking in the camera's direction at any point I just sat there almost crying. How could he think I would do anything bad to them? I would never steal from them... and then another thought suddenly hit me. What if?

I remembered the envelope which I found in my bag. I reached in, grabbed it quickly without being seen by the camera and went to the bathroom. I locked the door, sat down on the toilet seat and opened envelope.

My heart raced while I read it. I couldn't believe what I was seeing.

Dear Sonia, 

I'm writing this letter to you because I can't stand it any longer. I need to tell you something so important to me that I can't tell you in person. After years of hell I have finally found the will and the courage to express something that will probably ruin our friendship forever. I'm sorry if this makes you think less of me. I just want you to know that I love you. I've always loved you. Never have I felt so strongly for someone in my life than how I feel for you. I know you and Fiona are very old and very good friends and I don't want to ruin a friendship as deep as yours. I'm deeply sorry. I don't expect you to respond in kind as I'm sure you don't think of me in the same way. I only ask that you please, please keep this between us and don't tell anyone else, especially Fiona. I can't express enough how sorry I am to put you in this situation. Please don't hate me too much. 

You are always in my thoughts day and night and my heart, body and soul will always be yours even if we're never together.

I just couldn't keep it in anymore.

TONY 

I sat there in the bathroom for 10 minutes while I read and re-read the letter. My heart was still racing; I felt slightly feint and I was ready to collapse. I finally got up and splashed water over my face and left the bathroom quietly. I now knew exactly what to do. 

I climbed down the stairs quietly and peeked into the living room where Tony was sitting at his computer. On the monitor I could see a small window open with an image of my bed. Once I had confirmed that he was watching my room I returned upstairs and prepared to give him the same shock that he had given me. I laughed inside. What a little pervert he was, so he likes a good show does he?

Making a conscience effort to not look in the direction of the camera at any time, I sat on my bed and slowly began to undress. Taking each piece of clothing off and stacking them neatly on a chair I lay back totally naked on the bed. Very slowly I began to rub my body with my hands. I circled my breasts and weaved down to my crotch. Opening my legs I began to slip a finger in between my pussy lips and into my wet opening. 

The light was on and I knew that Tony could see every detail. I inserted two fingers deep into my now gaping cunt, while still caressing my breast with my other hand. Then three fingers in and out. I was so wet that my inside legs and anus were dripping with my cunt cream. I had my eyes closed while I inserted my whole fist and started to fist fuck my pussy non stop. I lifted my bottom up from the bed and, sliding my other hand underneath my back, I inserted a finger into my anus. I was so wet down there that it went in easily. I lifted my bottom even more. 

I wanted Tony to see exactly how dirty I could be. I was very close to coming. My fist moved faster and faster in my pussy and my finger was so deep into my ass that I could feel my own fist inside me. 

Oh god it felt so good. I didn't have to imagine a fake Tony, I knew he was watching me for real this time and I wanted to give him the best show ever. I expected he would be pounding his cock at the same time. I also knew that his cock would now be mine to fuck and to taste for real some day. Although I didn't know exactly when or where, I knew my dream would come true eventually. 

I started to really slam my fist inside my pussy and I started to cum hard again. I shook violently, my cream was gushing out of my pussy and I felt like screaming at the top of my voice. 

When I removed my hands from between my legs I opened my eyes and stared directly at the camera. I licked my hand clean and then blew a kiss at the cam. There was a loud crashing noise from downstairs that startled me, and I heard Fiona's door open and her footsteps rush downstairs. 

"What's happened?" she shrieked.

"Nothing," I heard Tony reply quickly, "I think I fell asleep on the chair and fell off. I'm coming up straight away, I'm suddenly very tired."

"Well you scared the crap out of me. Come on up to bed."

"I'm coming, Fi." said Tony finally.

Oh, you'll be cumin alright, I thought with a grin, deep into the dark recesses of my soaking wet pussy and in my welcoming mouth. I knew that now. It was just a question of when and where.

I laughed quietly and felt happier than I could ever remember feeling. I turned off the light and fell asleep holding on to Tony's letter as if it was a teddy bear. It was the best night's sleep I'd had in years.

TO BE CONTINUED...