 Chapter 01 -- Setting the Tone

Penny's game began at midnight, though I slept right through it. There was no phone call, no surprise visit, nothing. I had expected her to jump right, but all was quiet. Brooke and I decided that it was best if we did not sleep together that first night. I woke the next morning to find Brooke still sleeping and the time for my normal morning routine had arrived.

I plugged through the day, wondering when Penny's first move would be and what she would start with. The most torturous question was, however, how long would she wait to make the first move? My mind played hundreds of possible scenarios, none of which I felt confident enough to buy into. I was interested and curious to see what direction she was going to take the game. As my day at the office ended and I headed back to Brooke's, I hoped she would be home.

As I pulled into the driveway, the garage was closed, so I was unsure if Brooke's car was in there or not. I very much wanted it to be. As I entered the house, I heard the television on and there was Brooke, sitting on the couch, watching whatever was on in front of her. She again had on one of my t-shirts and a cute pair of pink stretch pants. When she saw she immediately got up and ran to me. She threw her arms around me and hugged me tightly, burying her face into my chest. Now this was the way to come home.

Once Brooke released me, I headed up stairs to change cloths, wanting to be more comfortable than my work attire; I threw on shorts and a t-shirt. When I returned Brooke was searching through the fridge for something to eat. As I was about to enter the kitchen, the door bell rang. Brooke looked at me, with surprise written on her face. I was not expecting anyone and judging by the look on her face, neither was she. Cautiously, I made my way to the front door to see who was there.

Much to my surprise when I opened the door, Penny stood before me. She passed by me quickly and into the house.

"To what do we owe this pleasure," I asked gleefully as I closed the door behind her.

"I have a few things that I would like to discuss with you and Brooke," she admitted.

I invited her to sit at the table in the small nook area near the front door, where Brooke and I ate most of our meals together. Penny and I both sat on the near side of the table with Penny sitting closer to the kitchen, while I was closer to the front door. Brooke joined us and sat on the other side of the table, directly opposite Penny. I wondered where this conversation was headed.

"I want to set the tone for my game," Penny began. "I want to be fair so that everyone enjoys themselves. I need your assistance with that. Both of you."

"Pen, I will do whatever you need me to," I volunteered.

"I know you will," she smiled at me. "That's why you are the best."

"If there is something I can do to help you, I would be happy to," Brooke added, though her voice was timid.

"I was hoping you would say that," Penny replied quickly. "First of all, I want you to know that what you said yesterday meant the world to me. I am not blind, I know there is something going on between you two that is much more than this game and I don't want to damage that, but I also want to be fair to everyone involved."

"Ok, that makes a lot of sense," Brooke admitted, now sounding more confident when she spoke. "What can I do?"

"I think the best thing for right now is for him to live with me," Penny revealed. "Please don't be insulted. I just think it would be best for the game. I also need balance so I have asked Vivian to move in with us as well, just so no one thinks I am taking advantage of my position as the leader of the game. With her feelings for him, she will be the first one to call me out if I am acting incorrectly or selfishly."

"If you think that's best," Brooke stammered, seeming very disappointed.

"I need your help with that," Penny continued.

Brooke's face perked up, she had a look of wonder regarding what was about to follow.

"I would like you to find us a nice three bedroom house," Penny stated. "Also, I would love it if you would sell Vivian's condo. We all know you are great at what you do, so it would be a huge asset to us all if you could help."

Brooke looked at Penny, her face still sad but now clear on the role she was going to play. She seemed to measure her response carefully before speaking.

"Please don't hesitate to ask me for help like that," Brooke responded. "I am at your disposal because I am part of this game. I want you to rely on me, Penny. I really do. Like Bill said, we chose to be in this together."

Penny smiled brightly at Brooke. There was no doubt she was exceptionally pleased with this response. Brooke was very level-headed at that moment. I was both surprised and impressed.

"Brooke, thank you," Penny said. "I was very worried you would be angry with me for this decision. You are being a terrific team player."

"You are quite welcome," Brooke replied, now quite composed. "After everything he's told me about you while he's lived here, I feel like I know you very well. Every time I am around you, I see more of who you are and why he cares for you so greatly. I hope that you take the time to get to know me, too. I am actually going to get started on this house thing right now."

Brooke rose from the table and grabbed her sneakers. She headed for the door to the garage and looked back at us.

"I will be back shortly," Brooke announced. "I am just going to my office to look some things up and get the paperwork started on Viv's place."

Before either of us could respond she was out the door and I could hear the garage opening. Brooke's car pealed out and tore through the complex en route to her office. Penny and I sat there at the table awkwardly. I was unsure of what to do at that moment. Penny turned towards me and batted her eyelashes playfully. It was a look I knew quite well.

"Well, while the cat's away," Penny said to me in her most sultry voice, "we should play."

"Is that right," I questioned playfully. "So you want to be first player in your own game."

"Of course I do, but I am already running late for an appointment," she informed me. "So let's be quick."

She stood up and led me into the living room. She sat me down on the couch and removed my shorts and boxers. My cock began to spring to life with the exposure to fresh air. Penny stepped back and hiked up her skirt. She had on pink satin panties that she removed while I stroked my pecker. I enjoyed watching her; she was very sensual and moved her body in extremely seductive ways.

Penny tossed her panties aside and climbed on top of me on the couch. Her knees where just outside my hips as she faced me. I guided my cock to her opening and she inserted my manhood into her gash. There was no resistance to my entering her as she was flooded with natural lubricants. I breathed deeply as I penetrated her. She always made me feel wonderful. Her body seemed to fit mine perfectly.

Penny rocked her hips back and forth, working my pole inside of her. I placed my hands on her hips and lifted her slightly each time she rocked. My member swelled inside her as she fucked me. She bounced up and down on my tool rapidly, running her hands through her hair wildly as she did. I stared deep into her lust-filled eyes and tried to push myself further into her with each of her thrusts.

She lifted her waist and crashed back onto my dick again and again. I was in heaven. Oh how I had missed her. I kissed her neck gently as she impaled herself on my shaft.

"I have missed you," she gasped as she arched her head back in delight.

I did not respond because I was closing in on climax. Penny increased her pace and pounded her pussy onto my pole much more swiftly. I groaned and squeezed her waist in my hands as I peaked. I flooded her box with goo. Jet after jet of batter went off inside of her. She crashed onto me firmly and was grinding her teeth as her orgasm swept over her. I held her hips down, locking her onto my lap, as she shivered through her zenith.

We sat there, not moving, for several moments. We looked deeply into each other's eyes, my cock still buried in her vagina. She put her right index finger to her lips, kissed it and then put it to my lips. Penny then stood up and retrieved her panties, replacing them under her skirt. I watched her, not moving.

"Are you ok," I asked. "You didn't seem sure of yourself yesterday."

"I am great," she admitted. "Emma helped me prepare for this, plus, what Brooke said really did mean a great deal to me. I have a feeling I am going to lean on her a lot. I really have missed you."

"I have missed you too," I admitted.

"You know there is no sex with Brooke outside the game, right," she asked. "I don't want to be a bitch, but Emma suggested that I remind you of that."

"Yes, I know that," I confirmed.

"Ok, then hold her tight tonight," Penny instructed me. "Make sure she is going to be ok with the changes that are coming. I need her to be on-board."

"I will do everything I can to make sure she gets through the transition unscathed," I replied. "She is stronger than you might think."

Penny walked back over to me and kissed me gently on the cheek.

"I have to go," she informed me. "Saturday at noon, be at the office. We will be interviewing."

She proceeded back through the hall, past the kitchen and the nook, then out the front door. What did she mean by 'interviewing?' When I heard the door close, I put my shorts and boxers back on. I sat on the couch and flipped on the television.

Brooke returned about an hour later, to find me waiting for her. She came into the living room with a large folder filled with paperwork. I stared up at her and she had the most delightful smile on her face.

"Hey there," she greeted me.

"Hey you," I replied lightly. "Are you ok?"

"Yes, why would you ask that," she presented.

"Penny's making some rather large changes," I said. "I want to be sure you are ok with them and her."

"It's her game," Brooke said flatly. "I told you, I am about you, not the game. Leslie made it sound so playful, which is why I joined. I never expected to fall like this. So I will be a good team player and try to make everyone happy. I will help where I can and wait for my turns with you. I know that you know that this has moments filled with conflict and difficulty. I will manage, but I don't envy you."

"I'm crazy about you," I admitted in a voice that was hushed and shy.

I felt like a very big hypocrite saying anything like that after having just been with Penny, but I wanted her to know. Maybe it would be easier not living with her. Maybe we were getting too close too fast. Maybe.

"I believe you," she revealed. "That's why I am ok with things."

I had a feeling this was going to be tougher on me than on Brooke. I was happy about that for a great many reasons, but mostly because she deserved better than this game. I was completely conflicted because of the time I had just spent with Penny and how it reminded me of my intense feelings for her. They were deep rooted in loyalty and comfort. She was lovely and complicated and now she was in charge.

This was going to be interesting to say the least.