 Sitting here contemplating where I'm going tonight in the lustful reaches of my mind's eye, taking a deep breath, hold it, then release it. I smile, as I already have had numerous erotic thoughts this evening.

I have finished my workout, a quick shower and a microwave pot roast something for dinner. I am on my second glass of Chardonnay, a 1995 Harvest Reserve by Mirassou. I find myself very mellow this evening, and, very aroused.

I picture myself driving up to a nice estate in Sonoma County, the drive framed by vineyards full with clusters of ripe fruit. My windows are down so I can feel the warmth of an early autumn evening. The air is thick with the scent of the vineyards at harvest.

As I get out of my car and saunter up the walk bordered by red, while, pink and lavender roses in full bloom. The smell of their fragrance is overpowering and intoxicating. Looking up, I see you watching me from within the frame of a large Bay Window. I can see that you are checking me out, and I like the feeling.

Our eyes meet and search within the depths of the others intentions, and lustful vibrations permeate the air. I watch you move to the front door, disappearing, then reappearing as you open the door to greet me. Reaching out as I approach, I take your hands in mine, lightly placing your palms upon my outstretched hands. Energies mingle as our bodies, minds and spirits begin to communicate on so many levels.

Our mouths meet and eyes close as passion explodes from our every pour. Gently I move you back and pin you to the wall, nudging the door shut with my foot. Our bodies lunge into each other as desire burns quickly within our loins. My hand reaches under your skirt to discover the warmth of your skin and the softness of your pubic hair as my voice commands you to spread your legs. You move them apart unquestionably giving me full access to unconditional lust and desire.

You are so wet, my fingers move between your luscious soft fleshy folds effortlessly. When my middle finger travels up your hot canal you lunge to drive it deeply while frantically undoing my belt and pants to capture my rising manhood. Gently squeezing at first, increasing your grip as you move up and down upon my finger with your body and my manhood with your hands. Another finger enters to your moaning pleasurable acceptance, and our tongues play within the mouths excited from darting pink spears.

My thumb also slides into your opening, covering it with your hot creamy juice before traveling up to play with your firm hooded button. Your knees slightly buckle, but I firmly hold your body up with the pressure of my body and the wall. As your knees buckle, your grip increases upon my shaft and my thumb applies equal pressure onto your button as another finger joins the first two. My left hand slides up under your blouse discovering firm breasts, hard nipples and no bra. I squeeze your nipples between my thumb and forefinger, pulling them softly but firmly.

Frantically I stroke you with my fingers as you brace yourself for the release that is eminent, you momentarily release my manhood to wrap your arms around my neck to help you gain leverage and for additional support. As your body spasms, you whimper, almost crying from the passion and the pleasure of the instant. My fingers continue to drive in and out as my thumb dances within your swollen fleshy and moist folds. My lips move down to kiss your neck, as my left hand continues to keep your nipples hard.

Moments pass and another orgasm rocks your body before I remove my fingers from your creamy love canal and move my hand down lifting your left leg to wrap around my waist. As your leg wraps, my shaft slides between your quivering thighs, and it is my turn to shiver as the hot liquid of your orgasmic encounters drench my manhood. Your sweet scent fills the air, adding to my excitement.

Your grip around my neck tightens, as you raise your other leg up to wrap around my waist. My hand guides my swollen manhood into you before both my hands grasp your bottom's cheeks and we drive upon each other. In and out my hardness plunges, my hands pulling you and supporting you at the same time as our mouths lock in a torrid state of passionate kisses.

I know you can feel the throbbing pressure build within my manhood as I near release. My grip and my muscles tighten as your body responds to follow mine into orgasmic explosions. Hot streams of my liquid shoot forth to fill your luscious spaces. Spasms overtake both of us as my knees buckle, but I catch myself in time to easily lower us to the floor and I sit down on my butt while your legs are still wrapped around me, and your hips were still thrusting upon my volcano like shaft. 

Our lips once again find each other for a series of soft kisses. Our hips continue to make use of my still swollen and excited maleness, and, as I look into your eyes my soul smiles. "Hello my Sweet Woman," I came over to see if you wanted to make love tonight."

"What do you think my chances are? 

Sensuously,

The randyman