 The blue-gray sky peaks through my window as a new day begins to show itself. I roll over with cloudy eyes and look at the clock - its 5:52am. I turn in the other direction and pull the covers over my head, trying to avoid getting out of bed. I blink a few times to try to focus. Stretched out across the bed, my arms go above my head to try and get the kinks out, waking the rest of me up. As I bend my body, memories of the night before come flooding in - my back arched off the bed, one nipple in your mouth and the other in your palm as you plow in... out... in... out... in... out over and over again until I come crashing down, creaming your name and writhing in pleasure. I smile at the memory and lick my lips, but inside I can't help but feel a sense of loneliness, wishing I'd woken up beside you. I finally rise up and place one foot on the floor, then the other. I stretch again as I stand and make my way down the hall to the bathroom. As I walk, I can't help but notice the draft in between my legs from the wetness that developed due to last night's memory. I immediately begin anticipating you coming home tonight, and brace myself for the long day ahead.

*******

It's 10:34am and I've been at work for a few hours now. The day drags by, since not many people are in the office today. I squirm in my chair - I've been uncomfortable all day, thinking about coming back home to you. It's one of those days when all I can think about is sex. Even looking at my desk makes me think of sex, wishing you were here to bend me over from behind with my legs spread wide and my breasts up against the tabletop while I grip the corners for support. By this time I have a permanent wet spot in my panties. I try not to show my arousal as people walk by and stop to chat. I grip my coffee mug, nervously tap my foot and close my eyes, willing the day to go by quicker. 

*******

Its 2:29pm - only 31 more minutes to go before I can finally leave. I'm so horny it aches. I thought about going out to the car to touch myself earlier, but staring at the picture of us on my desk I noticed your big firm hands and knew that my own touch wouldn't suffice - I need to feel you. I need to feel your heavy hands and rough fingertips in between my warm, wet thighs. I look up at my computer screen every few minutes until its 3'oclock. At 3 I log off, shut my office door, and rush out to the car, hoping that you're already home when I get there. 

*******

At 4:10pm I round the corner of our street and begin to approach the house. I notice that I'm holding my breath as I approach; I release it in relief when I see your car in the driveway. I park, check myself in the mirror, and hop out of the car. I enter the house and notice you in the kitchen wearing a gray suit. As I quickly stride towards you, I can't help but notice how sexy you look - I love seeing you in a suit; but what I love even more is getting you out of one. As I walk towards you, you say hello and ask how my day was. I finally reach you at the end of your sentence, place my hands on the back of your neck to pull you close to me, and kiss you deeply. I put all of my pint-up sexual energy behind the kiss as I lick, suck, and bite down on your luscious lips. 

You respond immediately, and I can feel you begin to get hard up against me. Those strong hands that I've been craving make their way up the back of my thighs, then slowly ease my dress up over my hips. I get goosebumps as I continue to feel your fingertips move up my ribcage and over my breasts while you lift my dress up over my head. Having finally broken the kiss, I stand in front of you in the kitchen wearing a black lace bra, matching panties, and black heels. I reach up to undo your tie, then pull your head close to my mouth so that I can whisper in your ear. Your hands rest on my ass, gently squeezing it as I start to unbuckle your pants. While I unzip your fly, I moan in your ear "I need you to fuck me." Your pants slide down to your ankles and you immediately respond to my request. 

We both fumble through the buttons on your shirt and toss it to the floor. You pick me up, grab my thighs, and pin me to the wall as we continue to kiss, both breathing heavy now. You break the kiss as your lips find my neck. I feel the tip of your tongue dance across my collar bone and trace up to my ear, my legs clench your waist and my fingers dig into your shoulders in response. I moan as your teeth tug on my earlobe, and my goosebumps multiply when I hear you grumble a deep "Mmmm" in my ear. I can't take it anymore - I need to feel you inside of me. 

Helplessly I murmur "Baby, Please" while your right hand slides up my thing and into my panties. My breath catches in my throat as the touch I've been craving all day sends chills up my spine. Your strong fingers rub circles around my swollen clit and my moans come more frequently. Reflexively, I push my pelvis toward your touch, my wetness leaking all over your hand now. You can tell that I'm getting close and in one swift motion you free the erection from your briefs and pull my panties to the side. I look down to watch you enter me, then tilt my head back and close my eyes to savor the feeling. 

My pussy muscles clench down on your cock as you slide deeper inside me. You begin to move in and out of me slowly and with each motion, I feel all of the stress and sexual tension from the day begin to build in my pussy. With each thrust you pick up speed, grunting in unison with my moans. My pussy grabs you tighter and you begin to twitch inside of me - we're both close now. You give me five more strong, deep strokes then I dig into your shoulders and scream out in ecstasy as my juices drip down between us. I feel you release shortly after, your hands digging into my thighs while you bury your face into my neck. I twitch from the aftershocks in your arms, and we both slide down to the floor. Laying in our arms I smile, look up, and give you a kiss. I can't help but think about how lucky I am, how much I love you, and how I can't wait to come home to you every day.