 for Kelly

I'd always heard long distance relationships just don't work out in the end. I just loved being able to prove everyone wrong.

We've been going strong for three years now, Kelly and I. What had started out as a very simple online friendship had grown and nearly exploded as we realized how strongly we felt about each other. I know it wasn't what I had planned on, and was pretty sure he hadn't either, but there it was.

Our first meeting was one of simple recognition. After chatting, emailing and finally talking on the phone for months, Kelly drove from Ontario to Alabama for a visit. I opened the door and saw him there, in the flesh, after dreaming and imagining for so long and then he was there. Four inches or so taller than my 5'7', nicely muscled body, and long black hair that I had only dreamed of running my fingers through. We looked each other up and down, almost shyly comparing our imagined version of the other to the reality, and then our eyes met, and that's when I felt the click. I described it later as recognition, and that's exactly what it was. I recognized the one I had looked for and wanted for as long as I can remember. Kelly told me later he felt that a puzzle piece that had been missing was suddenly right in front of him.

I smiled and stepped back from the door, wordlessly inviting him in, both of us still quiet in the face of what was happening.

"Want a beer?" I asked him as I started towards the kitchen. He nodded, and I realized that I still hadn't heard him speak. Was he disappointed? Shy? I felt an insane urge to call the whole visit off, but knew I would be sorry forever if I did. I got two beers out of the refrigerator, and walked back into the living room, where he was already sitting on the couch, looking around.

I handed him his beer, opened mine, and took a long drink while I watched him out of the corner of his eye - he was watching me. He reached out and grabbed a sable curl that had been laying over my chest and ran it between his fingers. "So beautiful," he almost whispered.

Before I realized what I was doing, I reached out and held his face in my hands, and kissed him, hard. I felt him draw back in surprise, but then his mouth opened and his tongue met mine. He put down his beer, and then I felt his arms go around me, and he pushed me back into the cushions of the couch, kissing me back and teasing my lips with the tip of his tongue.

When he finally broke the kiss, he was smiling into my eyes. I grinned back at him, and all I could think of to say was, "Wow." Kelly erupted into laughter and drew back, picking up his beer and sipping it while continuing his perusal of me.

I jumped up, and grabbed his hand, pulling him after me. "C'mon. Let's get out of here for a little while. Some of my friends are really anxious to meet you." I knew that if we stayed in the house, we would end up in bed very soon, and I wanted some time for us to get to know each other, and feel comfortable together first.

We got in my car, and headed over to Katie's house. She normally had a few people over there on Friday nights, playing cards, drinking beer, and just in general goofing off, and I knew it was a good place for Kelly to meet some of my friends in a relaxed atmosphere. When we got there, her driveway was crowded with trucks and cars, causing Kelly to look over at me and say,"I don't mind meeting your friends, Patti, but I'd really rather just spend time with you, I'm not really into partying with a lot of people I don't know."

"We'll just stay for a bit, I promise. Most of my friends are usually here around this time. Let's just stay long enough to drink a beer or so and then we'll leave, okay?"

Kelly smiled and winked at me, then said, "For you....okay. But, soon. I want to have you all to myself soon."

We walked into the open front door, and were greeted with shouts and people craning their necks to see Kelly. My friends had all heard about him and were curious. My girlfriends all grinned when they saw him, and several were giving me the thumbs-up signal when his back was turned, making me laugh. Kelly found a seat on the couch, and pulled me with him, seating me firmly on his lap. Someone passed us a couple of beers and we passed an hour or so chatting and laughing at the ribbing my friends were giving Kelly for his slight Canadian accent. It was a novelty to us, and a huge source of amusement to most of those there.

When Kelly thought no one would notice, he would slip his hand between my thighs, stroking me through my jeans. Reaching for another beer, his arm would brush the side of my breast, and he would make the gesture last longer than was necessary. Several times I used the cover of everyone's banter and laughter to whisper to him, "Behave."

He reached for the ashtray on the table in front of us, and I heard an equally emphatic, "No." I turned and caught him laughing at me. He loved the fact that I was so clearly his, even with all my friends around us. He kept up his clandestine stroking, keeping me permanently flushed. My wiggling around in his lap was apparently having the same effect on him - I could feel the growing bulge of his cock underneath my ass.

Kelly started lightly bouncing me with his knee, and then he leaned forward to lightly nibble on my earlobe. He breathed into my ear, "Ready to go, gorgeous?"

I quickly nodded my agreement, and we stood to say goodbye, amid laughs and winks. Everyone knew why we were leaving and couldn't resist the opportunity to tease me just a little about it.

Kelly and I walked, hand in hand, out to the car. He opened my door for me and leaned down to kiss me before he closed the door. I waited for him to get in, and as I turned the key in the ignition he reached for my hand and kissed it. "Your friends are great, but I can't wait to get back to your house," he said, looking me in the eye. His eyes were the deepest black I had ever seen, yet they were warm and soft.

"Are you nervous?" he asked after a minute. I glanced over at him, and then back at the road.

"Yeah, a little. That sounds goofy, doesn't it?"

"No, it really doesn't. I am, too. Some." He still had my hand in his, holding it lightly in his lap.

I grinned at him. "That makes me feel a little better."

We pulled into my driveway, walked up to the door, where he took my keys and unlocked the door for me. I headed in towards the kitchen and dropped my purse and keys on the table. When I turned, he was very close behind me.

His voice was very quiet. "Patti"

I raised my eyebrows in question, leaning my hip lightly against the kitchen table.

He held his hand out towards me. "C'mere."

I went to him, and felt him wrap his arms around me and pull me close. I expected him to kiss me, but he didn't, not right away. Kelly rested his chin on my shoulder and breathed into my hair.

"It's so good to feel you here, in my arms, finally. I've wanted to just hold you for so long now," he whispered. He held me there, slightly rocking me, and then let go. Grabbing my hand, as if he thought I might slip away from him, he led me down the hall to my bedroom.

My heart felt like it was jumping all around inside my chest. I knew him so well through our long conversations and letters, but knowing someone inside was so different than getting to know them physically. I hadn't felt so nervous since I was in high school and losing my virginity.

Kelly paused at the door to my bedroom, and raised his eyebrows, questioning if this was the right door. I nodded and felt a nervous smile come over my face. He grinned back, a flash of white teeth in his brown face, then tugged me inside. "Lets just lay here for a little while, and get to know each other, okay?" he asked, "I think we both need some time...I'm nervous as hell."

That made me feel a little better, and I laughed.

He kicked off his shoes, and made himself comfortable on my bed, then patted the space next to him in invitation. I bounced onto the bed next to him, propped myself up on my elbow to look at him, and felt a silly smile cross my face.

In answer to my smile, he said "What?"

"Oh, well.....um, I'm just smiling cause you're here, that's all. It seems weird."

"Does, doesn't it?" He reached out with one hand and absently played with my hair. "Are you disappointed?"

"No, not at all. Are you?"

"Nope, not a bit." His hand went from my hair to my side, lightly stroking through the cotton of my tee shirt. "Am I making you nervous?'

"No, its not you, it's just the whole...situation, I guess." I stroked his face with my hand.

Kelly pulled me closer, wrapping one arm around me, and kissed me, gently at first. His kiss deepened, and he pulled me hard against him. I could feel his cock, hard against my belly. I felt him deftly undo my bra, and then he pushed my t-shirt up and began lightly teasing my nipple with his tongue and teeth. It took my breath away.

His hands began to work on the zipper of my jeans, and the tickle of his hair against my ribcage made me bold, and I stripped my shirt off over my head, disentangled my bra from around me. Kelly went from one breast to the other, licking and nipping. I could feel the heat begin inside.

Kelly stopped for a moment, and I opened my eyes in protest. "Let's get these jeans off you...I need access!"

I laughed, and helped him discard my jeans to the floor. I couldn't help adding, "Have you ever noticed how much sexier clothes look just thrown on the floor like that?" I put my hands on the hem of his shirt, and started tugging, "Now....your turn."

There seemed to be a flurry of clothes flying through the air for a moment. I felt shy again for a split second, until he pulled me up against him again.

He began kissing his way down my body, paying minute attention to each dip and valley. I tangled my hands in his hair; wrapped it around each finger as if it were a line to keep me from drifting away. He urged my thighs apart by kissing the insides, and then startled me by biting them...hard. Putting his mark on me.

Almost reflexively, my thighs separated, and my legs bent up towards my chest. I felt Kelly's breath on my already wet pussy, then his tongue, lightly stroking and probing. He hooked his arms under my knees, forcing my legs up higher and wider. He slowly pushed a finger into me, while sucking my clit between his lips, and I arched my back, wanting more.

He added another finger, and fucked me slowly, flicking his tongue against my clit. I began rocking my hips, encouraging him. My breath started to come in gasps....I was getting so close to cumming. My grip in his hair tightened and I pulled his face in to me. He picked up the pace with both his hand and his tongue, fucking me hard, sucking on my clit and then flicking it roughly with his tongue.

I arched my back almost impossibly high, and came with a groan, drenching his face. Kelly pulled himself back over me, my legs still hooked over his arms and entered me slowly. My pussy clenched hard around him, and he pushed home, holding me still, obviously enjoying my spasms.

Leaning down to kiss me, punishing my mouth with his, he started a slow, sensual rhythm with his hips. I pushed back against him, wanting more, trying to urge him on, and he knew it. I felt a chuckle against my neck, and he said, "Soon." His teeth pressed against my neck where it joined my shoulder, and he bit me hard enough to bruise.

Kelly rocked back, up onto his knees, releasing my legs. His hands went to my hips, gripping me hard up against him, and began fucking me hard. Riding me. I held his arms for leverage and fucked him back, rocking to get as much of his cock inside me as I could.

He slowed for a moment and I groaned in frustration. Looking me in the eye, he almost growled, "What do you want?"

"Oh, god, Kelly....just fuck me, please!"

Placing my legs over his shoulders, he fucked me hard, impossibly hard, his balls slapping my ass. His breathing was as harsh as mine. It was almost painful, until he pushed me past the pain into incredible pleasure. I felt I would black out for a moment and through the haze I saw him throw back his head and almost roar when he starting cumming.

Kelly held me there, and I could feel his cock pulsing inside me, my thighs quivering in the aftermath. Collapsing next to me, he laughed quietly.

When I finally got enough breath to speak, I asked, "What?"

I felt him smile against my neck, and he said, "Damn."

Wrapping one arm around him, I breathed in the scent of his body, and his hair, and I whispered, "I could do that again."

He whispered back, "Soon."