 Chapter 02 -- Corporate Expansion

Saturday seemed to arrive in no time. Work had been hectic as all hell and Brooke had been keeping quite busy trying to find Penny a new place. Vivian's condo was on the market and apparently generating a great deal of interest. Things around Brooke's place had pretty much been a whirlwind since Penny's surprise visit on Monday. I had been holding Brooke every night, stealing extra moments when I could. 

I awoke on Saturday morning and Brooke had already left her bed. I was lying there alone and listening. Brooke's place was quiet. I could not detect any movement or noise happening anywhere in the house. I rose from bed and showered to start my day. I moved around the house, searching for any sign of anything Brooke might have done that morning.

I ate a light breakfast, though it was already close to noon. I dressed quickly and headed out for Emma and Leslie's office. When I arrived, about 10 minutes late, I found Penny at her desk and a young woman sitting in the waiting area, filling out paperwork. I approached Penny swiftly as she was hammering away on her keyboard.

"Good afternoon, miss," I said to her.

"Don't be late again," she snarled at me as she looked up. "We are almost ready."

"Sorry about being late," I apologized. "Ready for what?"

"I will tell you in a minute," she said.

Penny stood up and grabbed a folder from her desk. She motioned for me to follow her into the conference room. I followed and noticed how wonderful she looked. She was wearing a navy blue pinstripe jacket and skirt, which was both appropriate for business and sexy as hell. She had on a purple blouse that was partially visible under the jacket and her legs were bare, no stockings or hose. On her feet were navy blue pumps, about 4 inches tall. Her ass wiggled as she walked and I was mesmerized following along. We entered the conference room and she handed me the folder.

"This is for your reference," she informed me.

"Ok, are you going to tell me what we are doing," I inquired.

"Sure, we are interviewing," she announced. "I have been promoted, so we need a new administrative assistant."

"Congratulations," I offered. "What are you going to be doing now?"

"Emma and Leslie are reorganizing the office," she disclosed. "I am going to be the office manager and a legal assistant. So, as I said, we need a new secretary. Therefore, you and I will be meeting with the 3 final candidates today."

She was very confident and sure of herself as she spoke. Penny was built to be in the corporate world. The sparkle in her eye was hypnotizing. She drew me in and, as usual, I was hooked.

"Have a seat and I will get the first candidate," she instructed. "The resumes are in order of how we will see them."

I sat on the far side of the table, leaving the seat at the head of the table for Penny. She returned quickly, followed by a young woman. The woman had dirty blonde hair and was wearing a black, pants suit. She wore flat shoes and her hair was feathered. Penny took the seat I left for her at the head, while the young woman waited.

"This is Diana Peters," Penny introduced her.

"It's a pleasure to meet you," I said as I stood and shook her hand.

Her skin was soft, I noticed. Diana was no more than 22 or 23 years old. She seated herself across from me and smiled at both Penny and myself. I opened the folder and reviewed her resume. She had only finished college about six months ago and did not have any real work experience. She appeared to be a kid looking for a chance. Penny seemed not to share that sentiment as she grilled her with tough question after tough question. The young woman answered them, though her confidence seemed to be lacking. She seemed unsure of herself as Penny kept applying pressure with difficult, thought provoking interview questions.

The interview seemed very standard and run of the mill until the very end. Penny threw another curveball at the young lady, which also caught me somewhat off guard.

"This job requires someone that is willing to go above and beyond," Penny said to Diana. "Are you that type of person?"

"I am ready to be a professional and I am willing to do whatever it takes," Diana answered.

Penny seemed put off by that answer. She politely ended the interview by thanking Diana for her time and telling her we would be in touch when we had reached a decision. She escorted Diana out of the conference room and returned rather quickly.

"What was with that last question," I couldn't help but ask her.

"We want someone qualified, but who is also versatile," Penny indicated.

"Versatile how," I pressed.

"Well, anyone that works for us is going to see things," she revealed. "Things that they need to be able to accept, handle and say nothing about."

I knew she was referring to the game. It was ever present in the office and I was there on many occasions. She was right, the candidate that was given this job needed to be someone who could handle all the out of the ordinary things that were sure to go on around them. Now I understood her motivation and subsequently, my presence here today.

I was startled by a tapping on the glass door of the conference room. I looked at the door to see a woman, who appeared to be in her mid 30's with short, black hair tapping on the glass. Penny motioned for her to enter and the door swung open. The woman approached us as we both stood to greet her. I assumed she was the second candidate. She was wearing a simple black dress that was neither revealing nor inappropriate. She was very attractive and had a large diamond ring on her left hand. Obviously married.

"Hi, I am Emily Sanders," she introduced herself.

"Thank you for coming, Emily," I said as I shook her hand.

Penny thanked her as well and offered her a seat, again directly across from me. Penny looked aggravated from the start on this one. Her questions were short and curt, they snapped off as if they were meant to discourage this woman. Emily, however, had a wonderfully impressive resume and handled Penny's questions with grace and tact. She answered every question honestly and succinctly, which seemed to anger Penny even further. Finally the interview turned to the hardest question of all.

"Are you willing to go above and beyond in this role," Penny pressed her.

"In this role, you will certainly get 100% of what I have to give," Emily replied.

"What if 100% is not enough," Penny retorted. "What if we need more? What if we need you to be a real team player?"

"What specifically do you think would create that need," Emily asked in response.

"Let's say you saw something that we needed you to keep quiet about," Penny crafted.

"That would depend on what it was," Emily answered honestly. "Integrity and business ethics are important to me."

That was the point where Penny stood and thanked Emily for her time. Emily saw herself out of the conference room. Penny's head was down, making notes on her papers when I reached for the third resume in the folder she had provided me. I was surprised when I retrieve a blank piece of paper.

"Pen, why did you hammer that lady so much," I asked. "What did she do to set you into that mood? Also, I think you forgot to give me the third resume."

"No, I didn't," she answered. "The third candidate did not send us a resume. She is an internal referral. And about that woman that was just in here, I didn't get a good vibe when she met with Leslie and Emma. They loved her resume, but her body language said to me that she was just not right for this job. Plus, she talked down to me before she knew I would have any input on this decision."

"Oh, that's interesting," I admitted. "So, tell me about the third candidate, this internal referral. What is her name and background?"

"Her name is Nicholette Barns," Penny revealed. "She is another recent grad and is highly recommended."

I looked back down at Emily's resume and tried to digest what had gone on in that interview. My mind was racing back to Emily's face when Penny pressed her at the end how she did not look at all comfortable. My train of thought was broken when I heard the glass door open and I looked up to see who it was. 

I could not believe my eyes. I was in stunned disbelief at the young woman who had just entered the conference room.

It was Nikki.

She looked phenomenal as she sauntered across the floor and towards Penny. Penny stood to greet her and Nikki kissed her on the cheek. Nikki then made her way to me. I stood slowly and gave her a very big, very tight hug. I released her and took in the sight of her. She looked amazing, her blond hair was shining and her brilliant blue eyes sparkled. She was wearing a white blouse and a pink, plaid skirt which was way too short to be corporate appropriate. On her feet were black, slingback heels, about 3 inches tall. She proceeded to walk past Penny again and seat herself across from me.

"Nicholette Barns," I stated.

"Yes sir," she giggled.

"How have you been," I asked. "What have you been up to?"

"I have been great," she gushed. "I graduated early and Monica asked me to marry her. So I am coming home to plan the wedding and find a place for me and Monica to live. And, I need a job."

"That is some wonderful news," I said. "Congratulations. It sounds like you are truly happy. It is really good to see you and I am still in shock that you are actually sitting here."

"Get used to it," Penny interrupted. "I think her references are good enough to land her this job, if she passes the interview."

"I don't think that will be a problem," I stated. "Nikki, when is the wedding?"

"Actually, it's not technically a wedding," Nikki corrected me. "It's a commitment ceremony, us being same sex and all. It's January 10th. My mother is loving it. Now she can invite all her high society friends and parade her liberal ideals. My father is less than pleased but still paying for it. Though he isn't sure if he can make it due to a business conference that weekend. Things are swirling right now, but at least I will have a job."

Her wedding was eight weeks from today, that was nuts. I had learned to accept that things happen very fast in this game, but this felt like light speed.

"Don't be so sure about this job," Penny countered. "Ms. Barns, this job requires commitment to the firm and all that the firm stands for. Are you prepared for that?"

"Of course," Nikki answered confidently. "I told Monica the only way I would agree to marry her was if we lived here and we played the game."

I extremely surprised by that last statement. It did not make any sense to me.

"Nikki, why would you do that," I inquired. "I thought you were in love with Monica."

"I am in love with her, silly," Nikki giggled. "But I missed all of you and the game. Monica is the love of my life, but she should be able to handle sharing me with the game. I love her, but sometimes I need some adventure. The most fun and also the safest adventure is with you all. I know that and I can't wait to get back into it. Monica is not convinced at all, but she loves me and wants me to be happy. So she agreed to move and allow me to play, but she will not commit to the game yet. I am learning to compromise."

I was totally surprise by all that Nikki revealed. My mind was racing again. She had completely rocked my world. She was back and back in the game. WOW.

"Ms. Barns are you willing to go above and beyond for this firm," Penny playfully pressed her further, though her tone was too corporate for my taste.

"Yes, I am," Nikki confirmed. "Especially if he is firm."

"Ms. Barns that could be construed as sexual harassment" Penny informed her sternly.

"Only if he doesn't like it," Nikki laughed.

"Are you willing to gamble this job on that," Penny snapped.

Penny's tone took both Nikki and I by complete surprise. She was harsh and crisp with her question. It was a very definitive moment in the interview.

"What do you mean," Nikki asked tentatively.

"I mean, right here, right now," Penny divulged. "You suck his cock and if he likes it, you are hired. If he doesn't, then you don't get the job."

I smiled widely. Penny was getting awfully good at running this game very quickly. This was a play right out of Emma's book. It had style and symmetry. Nikki seemed to understand where this was going as well.

"I like the way you run the game, Penny," Nikki replied with lust in her voice.

I could not help but agree with that statement.

Nikki climbed up onto the conference room table and crawled across it, towards me. She was looking at me like a tiger stalking its prey. She slowly put one arm in front of the other and made her way to me. She stopped at the edge of the table and pressed her nose to mine. She looked me dead in the eye and smiled very deviously.

Nikki then laid flat on the table and reached her hands into my lap. She undid my belt and the zipper on my pants. She quickly popped the button on my pants and tore them down. My cock sprung free and Nikki began stroking it quickly. She looked me in the eyes again as she pumped my dick with her hand.

"I have missed you," she said plainly. "I remember all the fun we had."

"I remember as well," I commented.

"Something has always bothered me about it," she declared.

"What bothered you," I asked her as she continued to work my shaft with her hand.

"I never got to taste your cum," she informed me. "I was hoping that we could change that."

Nikki dropped her head into my lap as her body was lying across the table. She inserted my pole into her mouth and began devouring me. She deep throated my rod immediately, taking it far back into her throat. I was in sheer delight. My cock swelled and throbbed as she took me into her throat again and again. She was very good at this.

I breathed heavily as Nikki continued to consume my shaft. Her lips dragged across the underside of my dick as she took my entire length into her mouth again. Nikki then grabbed my hips with both her arms and used the leverage to increase her pace. She bobbed up and down on my dick, engulfing it with her mouth. She sucked me at a lightning pace until I could take no more.

Her head moved up and down in my lap as she used her mouth to take me to the height of pleasure. I groaned loudly and held the arms of the chair I was seated in as I discharged in her mouth. I blew stream after stream of jizz into her throat and she expertly swallowed every drop. When I was done, Nikki lifted her head from my lap and kissed me sweetly on the lips. She then crawled back across the table and seated herself again. She stared directly at Penny, as if to challenge her.

"Well, what's the verdict," Penny asked me.

I looked at Penny for a long moment, trying to compose myself with my cock still exposed.

"Hired," was all I could say in response.

"Wonderful," Penny exclaimed. "Interview over. Nikki, let me take you to lunch to celebrate your new job."

Nikki and Penny both rose from their chairs and headed for the door. As they were leaving the conference room, Penny grabbed Nikki by her gorgeous blond hair and kissed her on the mouth sloppily. It was a sexy sight to take in knowing that Nikki's mouth had just been full of my liquid.

"Have a good rest of the day," Penny said to me as she broke their liplock.

Nikki waived at me daintily as they exited the office. I still had not moved.

Change was certainly the biggest constant of this game.