 The belated sequel to my story 'Sophie's Choice'. 

SOPHIE'S CHOICE

CHAPTER II

Max stares at the image of his classmate Sophie's face on the screen of his cell phone. It is Friday night, five days since they had had their first and only intimate encounter. It had taken trickery for the geeky medical student to get his beautiful classmate to give him a blowjob, but with that event he had established a connection with her. More than anything in the world, he wants her to be his girlfriend. Every night this week she had joined him at the table on the second floor of the library where he studied every night. 

Afterwards they would have a friendly chat. Max longed to meet Sophie's lips for a kiss goodnight, but there just never was enough privacy. Their conversations were friendly enough, but when he got the courage to ask her to accompany him to a movie him tonight, she enigmatically claimed to have plans.

But she had promised they would study together again on Saturday at her apartment and, with a mischievous smile on her face, assured him that with her roommate gone they would be all alone and have no interruptions. But Max is worried, for he has intuited that his new love must be seeing her boyfriend Brad tonight and prays that the two will break up.

So all he has tonight is her image on his cell phone screen. He had surreptitiously photographed her as she was talking to a friend and the picture captured her warm smile, full lips, rosy cheeks, wavy chestnut hair, and sparkling eyes.

It is the beginning of the weekend and he is sitting at the screen of his computer alone in his apartment. The gloom of evening is descending over the courtyard his window overlooks and he watches students scurrying around beneath as they prepare for their trips home for the weekend or to meet their girlfriends or boyfriends. It is at these moments that he hates his nerdy self the most. 

Brilliant but socially maladroit, the young women with whom he goes to school are always friendly and find his awkwardness amusing. They wonder why he isn't in a relationship. So it always seems he is the right guy for someone else. 

The blowjob Sophie had given him was the first intimate encounter he had ever had. His nuts feel ready to burst as he fantasizes about his dick being back in Sophie's mouth or getting inside the holy-of-holies tomorrow.

But mental images of what was and might be are all he will have tonight. Max has resigned himself to spending the night alone with Rosy Palm, the friend with whom he has hung out during the week unavailable this weekend. He rubs his cock through his jeans as he regards Sophie's countenance and gets hard.

He closes the curtain in front of his window and pulls his dick out. The image forms in his mind of Sophie going down on him, her lips wrapped around his cock. He begins fondling his rigid member. 

Expecting more of Sophie's affection, Max hasn't jerked off since the blowjob five days ago, so he is due for an orgasm. But realizing in whose company Sophie probably is now, he feels like a cuckold. In his imagination, Sophie and Brad are together, holding hands across the table at dinner, his handsome rival winning back the affection of the girl by whom he was betrayed for a nerd's help with her classwork. The young woman certainly won't let herself be tricked again after getting a fresh dose of Brad's charm. Max goes limp thinking about how at this very moment his life is being destroyed in some restaurant or Sophie's apartment. 

The brilliant nerd's medical mind goes to work. Brad must be gotten out of the way somehow. But murder is out of the question. Sophie would hate him if she found out, and then where would he be? So what would be most likely to cause of sudden death for a healthy twenty-something male? An accident probably, but then Sophie would probably also be injured, as well as suffer post traumatic stress if she had watched Brad die. Recreational drug overdoses are common in this day and age, but a smart young woman like Sophie wouldn't be involved with a drug abuser. Max would settle for a ruptured brain aneurysm which would be no one's fault, but with the likelihood of such an event happening tonight vanishingly small, he resigns himself to studying Pornhub.

He loads a video in which a dark haired vixen takes an eight inch cock in her mouth while imagining she is Sophie. Max's weiner gets hard as he strokes it in tandem with the woman's head bobbing up and down on the male actor's cock. He wonders if the guy has an extra Y chromosome or some genetic abnormality that's made his cock so big, and then his mind drifts back to the heartbreak of his first love having vanished from his life as quickly as she had entered it. 

He closes the Pornhub window and puts away his limp member. A summary of today's cell biology lecture beckons to him on the screen and he reflexly starts reading it. Unable to remember what was in the last sentence while reading the next, he plops down on his bed and lies down, burying his face in the pillow to immerse himself in darkness, having forgotten to turn off the lamp next to his computer.

He frets that last Sunday night was the closest he will ever come to getting laid. Tomorrow his phone will ring or he will get a text from Sophie informing him something's come up and that he'll have to take a rain check on studying together at her apartment. And then next week in the library he will definitely find himself in Sophie's friend zone if she bothers with him at all. 

He takes his cell phone out of his pocket and presses the power button. The image of Sophie reappears on the screen. He shucks off his jeans and underpants and, naked from the waist down, holding his cell phone in his left hand, starts beating his meat with his other hand as he stares at Sophie's image. 

He is tempted to text Sophie to offer her the choice of him or Brad. Then he realizes such thinking is what has put him in the position he is today, with no girlfriend with whom to spend the weekend. Sending that message would make him look like a total ass. 

Tonight he possesses the image of Sophie in his mind and the memory of the experience they shared. He knows she was happy when they talked after their nights of studying. Brad will never be able to take that away.

His cock is hard again. Over and over he strokes it until he comes to the verge of orgasm and then stops to keep the pleasure from ending. 

He realizes that before him is the image of the woman who can fulfill all his fantasies. If he can win her love, he will never have to beat his meat like this again. 

But he might have to fight for her and he has no idea how he can win. Guys that know how to dress, make small talk, and don't stutter are the ones who get laid by girls who look like Sophie, not geeks like him who can't do any of those things. Luck might be his best shot, he decides.

He remembers how he had shot his load into her mouth. Even more titillating is the memory of his cum glistening on her lips. They had kissed before she swallowed, and he even enjoyed tasting his own semen.

His cock is as stiff as a steel girder and tingles with arousal as a collage of images from Sophie's blowjob fills his mind. For the umpteenth time he tries to stop stroking himself but it is too late. There's nothing left to do but cum.

Everything from his nuts to his rigid cock contracts as his load spills forth. Cum shoots all the way up to his chest and splatters on his shirt. He remembers Sophie's moist lips sliding up and down the shaft of his member and the tip of her tongue gliding over his corona and frenulum as he milked the rest of the jism out of his balls and notices that so much semen has shot out that a puddle has formed in his navel.

He is overtaken by a wave of relaxation. Breathing has never seemed so easy and his body is limp. The phone falls from his hand to the bed and he sees the light from the screen go off, the darkness reminding him of his disappointment at being alone for the evening.

_______

"Of course I accept!" Sophie exclaims to Brad that Friday night in reply to his proposal that they be married.

Her heart races as she imagines walking down the aisle arm in arm with her father, her handsome groom waiting for his bride at the altar. There would then be summers in the Hamptons, skiing in Switzerland, a new wardrobe with the latest fashions every season, season tickets for the symphony and ballet, and the best private schools for their children. As the wife of the scion of the founder of the most successful law firm in Manhattan, Sophie would be able to engage in the practice of medicine as much or as little as she chose.

He slides the ring onto her left fourth finger and she is mesmerized as the eight carat diamond sparkles in the candlelight.

Only a few days ago Sophie had been ready to dump the handsome law student who has just asked her to marry him. After a tryst with a classmate, Max, the spell her boyfriend had cast on her seemed to have been broken. 

Max is the opposite of Brad. Unassuming, bashful, and socially awkward, her classmate had never been intimate with a woman before Sophie took his rigid member into her mouth. And when he exploded in her mouth, it was as if she had liberated him by swallowing all the rejection and frustration that came with life as a nerd.

Max is a nice boy, not the kind of male Sophie was used to dating. Brad, on the other hand, is brash and used to getting what he wanted.

Brad had arrived that evening for an overnight visit on his way to Manhattan. Sophie was surprised to be greeted by him sitting in a horse drawn carriage in front of her apartment, clad in a tuxedo and bearing a dozen roses. 

As they rode in the carriage to their favorite Italian restaurant, Brad had patiently listened as she chattered about how new breakthroughs would advance the treatment of cancer and heart disease. And he was so gentle when they kissed that she forgot how painful were the times he penetrated her anus.

After they sat down to dinner, Brad explained that he had decided to join his father's law firm in New York City, in which he was certain to be a partner in a few short years. Next spring he would be moving away from the quaint New England town that during their undergraduate years had kindled the sparks of their love to enter the rat race of the Big Apple. He then asked Sophie to be his partner for life.

With Brad's looks and riches, he could have any woman in the world. Sophie's looks might provide her the same opportunity with men, but a professional woman had to be more careful. Not every hot guy would take to the task of fatherhood or be a decent provider. But the Smiths, of whom Brad was the new scion, would certainly ensure their progeny would be groomed for membership in the upper crust of American society

She hadn't graduated as valedictorian from her high school and magna cum laude from an Ivy League university by pursuing idle dreams. For a long time she couldn't decide if her feelings for Brad were true love. 

The first time they had sex, she didn't say no because he had just given her the necklace in the window of Cartier's which she had been in awe that day. And after he begged for months to give it to her up the ass, she only relented after watching him fawn over the slut who lived next door to his parents place in the Hamptons. Leaving her comfort zone was something she'd have to get used to if she wanted to keep a man like Brad.

Since rubbing noses with the richest one percent of America last summer, she embraced being the girl expected to be seen with the scion of the Smith family. That gave her the security she craved, even if making love with other guys she had known had actually felt better. 

But they were not husband material, for she had dreams that guitarists and poets and guys on the rebound after a divorce could not fulfill. Before this evening, her decision had been made. She could not afford to turn down a proposal to marry into one of the wealthiest families in New York, even if she was the goddess of a shy nerd who would be honored to love and protect her every day of their lives together.

A practical young woman, she had gladly accepted Brad's proposal. He was gentle when they made love that night, she still wearing her new engagement ring as she orgasmed. 

_________

Second thoughts about her upcoming marriage enter Sophie's mind as she sits in the passenger seat of Brad's McLaren as they drive back to her apartment from breakfast. When it sinks in that she will be alone for the rest of the weekend after her fiance takes off to go to Manhattan to celebrate a friend's birthday, it makes her feel like their engagement dinner last night had just been a stop on the way. It was true that he had invited her to come with him, but he knows how important good grades are to her and how worried she is over how well she will do on Monday's cell biology test.. 

Now his fiance, she had assumed persuading Brad to stay the weekend would be a simple matter. She had let him fuck her up the ass after they had awakened this morning before she even asked him to forego the trip to Manhattan. But when she brought up the subject of staying the weekend in her apartment, he hemmed and hawed about how much he had been looking forward to being with his 'bros'. He then reminded her of the need for him to get all his partying out of the way before their marriage and the start of his career with his father's law firm. 

__________________

Sophie gives Brad a peck on the lips when they arrive at her apartment, and he seems disappointed not to be invited in for a last tryst before they part. The engine of the McClaren roars as he pulls away to begin his drive to Manhattan, and Sophie briefly wonders how she had dared to displease him.

Everyone at school will see her ring and know she is taken. Brad knows a lot of people in her class and it will get back to him if she is unfaithful. But he can still get discretely laid. His 'bros' will never tell, making her wonder if, the day after getting engaged, he plans to call up the slut from last summer for a fling.

As she walks up the stairs to her apartment, Sophie wonders if she should cancel the study session she has planned with Max today. But his help really counted for that last exam. Good grades will help her get the residency she wants after graduation. And she needs to tell him face to face about her and Brad. It will hurt him enough as it is, and would hurt him even worse if he found out about her engagement on the grapevine.

She removes all traces of Brad from her apartment while awaiting Max's arrival. The night he had tutored her in the library, she had been dressed like a tease, hoping to use the nerdy science brain's testosterone to wrap him around her finger. But he managed to turn the tables and the session was followed by their reluctant tryst, which Sophie had enjoyed immensely.

But today she has made herself look as frumpy as such a beautiful young woman can, having changed from the black tank top and skin tight jeans she had worn to breakfast into loose gray sweats. If Max can't have her, it wouldn't be right to stir up his hormones. She will offer to still be his friend. But a pang of guilt strikes as she remembers that he had told her how tired he was of hearing those words from girls.

It's early afternoon. Max will be arriving anytime. She looks at her engagement ring and frowns upon remembering how sweet Max is. It's the middle of the weekend. How cruel it would be of her to spoil his break from the grind of medical school, so she takes off the ring, puts it back in the case, and places it in her jewelry box.

She looks out her bedroom window onto the common, quickly picking out the gangly young man who had been her secret admirer from the first day he had laid eyes on her. Even from afar, Max seems different today. Over the last week she noticed he had gained some confidence with women since she had fellated him. One of the girls in their class is a comic book fanatic, and naturally all the nerds gravitate to her. It had made Sophie jealous to see Max talking to her.

She watches Max stride confidently across the green in front of the apartment building. From her vantage point, she sees that he has gotten a haircut and is clad in a bright yellow jersey. On his hips is a pair of jeans that hug his legs and tight little tush. His neatly trimmed curly mane now looks sexy. His freshly shaved olive cheeks are eminently kissable. Then she wonders what her anti-semitic father would think if he knew she had sucked a Jewish cock.

There's no reason she can't have Max on the side, she muses. After all, Brad had gone to Florida with an old girlfriend on Christmas break after Sophie had pried him loose from his now ex-fiance, saying they had already made plans. He had seen nothing wrong with still playing the field even though Sophie had already slept with him. Now she can have the pleasure of getting even for that without him even knowing it.

But Max is the kind of guy who would see something wrong with hooking up with another guy's fiance. If Sophie does not display the eight carat rock, everyone who finds out she has promised to marry Brad will see that something is wrong. The news that the hottest girl in the class just got engaged will spread quickly, even to the nerds. 

She places her hand on the lid of her jewelry box, having convinced herself to be honest and wear the ring. But when she sees Max disappear inside the building, she finds that she can't. Maybe one more tryst is all it will take for her to know whether Brad or Max is the man for her.

She gazes into the mirror, and seeing that she looks a mess, takes her comb and runs it through her hair. That makes her feel better. Whatever happens this afternoon will make up for her disappointment from this morning. The knock on the door comes just as she finishes coating her lips with pink lip gloss.

She prances over to the door and opens it. Max has shaved and his hair is neatly trimmed. He leans over and kisses her on the cheek. His breath does not smell rotten today. She stands aside and looks on as he strides into the room, placing his backpack on one of the chairs next to the kitchen table. 

He inspects his first conquest and a look of dismay comes over his face as he regards her dowdy attire.

"My studying uniform," she explains, her eyes downcast after having evinced his opprobrium.

She motions for him to sit down. He sits at the kitchen table, opens his backpack, and takes out a notebook. Inside are his lecture notes, organized point by point using Roman numerals, capital letters, Arabic numbers, and small letters as headings. The equations are printed in emboldened letters and numbers. Every bar within each fraction is drawn perfectly straight. Sophie had never seen such meticulous notes.

The young woman had always been told she was brilliant but knows a superior intellect is now in her presence. Her new suitor does not deserve to be treated like a toy.

And what if he gets depressed and ends up flunking out of school? Might his destiny otherwise have been to find a cure for cancer? Her selfishness might end up affecting world health!

But Brad was certain to move on if she had rejected his proposal. If she hadn't given the right answer, last night she could have gone from being future royalty in the Hamptons to a woman who needed to find another man fast before passing the peak of her fertility. If only he hadn't asked her to marry him last night when she needed more time to sort things out.

"Would you like something to drink? I have Coke, Seven Up, and iced tea in the fridge."

"Water will do."

She holds a glass under the ice maker, opens a bottle of water and fills the glass, now feeling domestic but tarrying to bring it to him, dreading having to look into his eyes, knowing her betrayal will soon kill the love that has been growing between them.
