 Sophie had a pretty clear idea in her mind of how the evening was going to go. That was how she liked it - no surprises, no drastic changes to the plan: a Saturday night out with girlfriends at the new bar in town, "The Lime Tree". Wine, cocktails, laughter. Perhaps some flirting. She was certainly dressed for that – tight summer top over white lacy bra, short skirt, summer sandals. 

But the moment she sat down on the high stool at an empty table and saw him at the bar, all thoughts of partying with mates started to vanish rapidly. She had reached the age of 26 without ever experiencing such immediate feelings of wanton lust. Until this point she would have said without question that she had of course felt animal passion deep within her at the sight of a handsome man – but there and then she realised what she'd experienced before was mere attraction. Here was a man, probably a little younger than her, that literally took her breath away. Tall, lean, with sculpted sun-kissed arms and a glorious smile that sent a scintillating shot of heat between her legs. 

She shuffled awkwardly on her stool, all the while staring at this beautiful man who was doing nothing more than chatting to a friend and sipping beer from a bottle. 

Normally Sophie would have swiftly come to her senses, looked away and checked her phone – she was the first of her friends to arrive and hated sitting on her own. But for at least the last minute she hadn't given anyone else a second thought. She was just staring. She felt winded by pure lust – it was an extraordinary feeling for her to experience in such a public place, but her heart was pounding, her breathing was deep; she wanted to run her hands over her body, gently pinch her nipples, slide her fingers under her thong. Better still, she wanted this mystery hunk to do it while she writhed with pleasure. Was it obvious to everyone in this bar how turned on she was? 

The man glanced over. It was only for a second at the most, but she saw him look away, smile briefly and say something to his friend, before putting his bottle down and heading straight over to her table. Sophie's pussy moistened still further as he strode confidently over.

"Hello, I'm Zach," he said, producing that killer sexy smile that had her melting. His deep voice was intoxicating.

"Hi, " she replied, attempting to sound cool and disinterested. "Sophie." She offered her hand but instead he put his left hand on her cheek, gently cupping her face, before brushing her right cheek with his lips and kissing her.

This simple gesture was so erotic to Sophie that she couldn't help but let out a soft moan. The music in the bar wasn't loud and she knew she was offering herself to this man on a plate. She felt powerless. His cologne was wonderful, his touch so delicate - and yet his voice and body were so masculine.

At 24, Zach had been with enough women to know just by Sophie's stare that she wanted him. He would normally indulge in some flirting and ply her with wine, enjoying the thrill of the chase – but there was something about this girl... He felt there was no point delaying this any further. "Would you like to go somewhere a little quieter?" he asked – although it wasn't really a question. He took her hand, not bothering to wait for an answer. She just had time to grab her small bag from the chair. 

It was only 8.30pm, still light outside. The air was sultry with the summer heat. Sophie didn't resist as he led her into a taxi and muttered something to the driver. 

He turned to her in the back seat. There was no smile this time, just a look of intense lust that again left Sophie breathless. "You are incredibly beautiful," said Zach. "Come home with me." He cupped her face again, this time with both hands, and she didn't resist as he pulled her towards him and kissed her on the lips. He looked into her eyes, a look that was pure sex and she found herself moaning again. 

What was she doing? This was madness, totally out of character. Ten minutes ago she was entering a bar to meet friends, now she was in a taxi with a stranger, going who knows where for sex. Yet she couldn't resist. Zach had her under his spell – and he knew it. He kissed her, passionately this time, pushing his tongue into his mouth. She returned the kiss willingly, running her hands up the side of his body. His torso was wonderfully firm. She found herself pulling up his tight short-sleeved shirt so that she could feel the warm flesh underneath.

Zach gently put his hand on her left breast. Even through the bra and top, he could feel how hard the nipple was. Sophie moaned again. He smiled and pulled away, checking to see where they were. "We're nearly there," he said, running his right hand down her stomach and on to her hip. Sophie instinctively opened her legs a little wider and he stroked the inside of her thigh. Sophie couldn't believe how aroused she was. She was just about holding it together but she was utterly desperate to be naked, to have this gorgeous man ravish her, and yes - to have him fuck her hot pussy.

The cab driver smirked to himself as he saw this young couple in his rear view mirror. "Around here any good?" he asked. "Perfect," said Zach, throwing a ten pound note to the front of the car. "Keep the change."

He grabbed Sophie's hand and led her to the front door. It was a pretty Victorian terrace, although it could have been an old shed for all Sophie cared. Evidently he only lived on the ground floor as his bedroom was the first room on the right as they entered. 

Zach closed the door behind them and pinned her against it, holding both her hands above her head with his left hand. "I've never met anyone like you," he whispered, running his right hand from her throat, over her breast and down to her thigh. "Do you want me to fuck you?"

Sophie tried to gather her thoughts. 'I don't know anything about this man. I don't know where I am. I've never slept with anyone on a first date, never mind after one quick conversation. This is insane.' But she didn't want to resist. For the first time in her life, her mind and body were in the grip of pure lust. All she could think about was fucking this handsome stud – or rather letting him fuck her any way he wanted. "Yes," she said. "God yes."

Zach couldn't believe how easy this was. This girl was unbelievably horny, like nothing he'd ever experienced before. His looks had got many women into this bedroom, but he always had to work for it. He wanted to work for it. But this was something different and he too found himself alive with lust. He lifted her top over her head and involuntarily licked his lips at the sight of her stunning upper body. 

He kissed in between her breasts, running his forefingers over her bra-covered nipples. "Rip it, please," begged Sophie, desperate to feel his warm tongue on her breasts. Zach looked up at her. "Just do it, rip it off," she reiterated. Zach carefully grabbed her bra in the middle with both hands and in one swift motion, ripped it in two, exposing her wonderful firm breasts for the first time. Sophie gasped. "Suck them," she moaned, hardly recognising her own voice. She was no prude but she had never ordered a man to do anything to her sexually. Zach obliged, swirling his tongue over her rock hard left nipple several times before taking it in his mouth and sucking. Pleasure shot through Sophie again and she moaned loudly. He reached up and began caressing the other nipple between his thumb and forefinger. 

Then, while still sucking her nipple, he moved his hands down and pulled her short skirt down around her ankles. The glorious scent of her pussy assaulted him and he felt his cock twitch as it became even harder. 

He knelt in front of her, unbuttoning his shirt while nuzzling her hot panty-covered pussy with his nose and tongue. Sophie was shocked to discover she was close to orgasm already and couldn't help but thrust her cunt towards his face. He smiled and stood up, allowing her to see his naked upper body for the first time. Sophie ran her hands over his abs and hungrily licked his nipple. It was Zach's turn to moan loudly. He had always had remarkably sensitive nipples and often asked girls to give them extra attention. Sophie seemed to instinctively know what he wanted and kissed both of them, licking frantically.

Zach unbuttoned his jeans and pulled them down. Sophie looked down and gasped as she saw his erect cock through his tight white boxers. It was a wonderful size. She didn't like men who were way too big down there, but this was perfect – maybe eight or nine inches. She had to see it so she placed her fingers under the waistband and pulled the boxers down, carefully stretching them over his cock, which was virtually pressed against his firm stomach.

Normally she would have taken it in her mouth and enjoyed giving him pleasure, but Zach was determined to be in control here and shuffled her over to the bed. She lay down on her back, with just her white thong and shoes on. Zach grabbed her thong in both hands and ripped it violently, the flimsy elastic no match for his powerful arms. He threw it behind him and took a moment to admire the view. Sophie writhed on the bed with her arms above her head and opened her legs wide, revealing her glistening shaved pussy, which was literally dripping. 

Zach started to kiss her inner thigh, fully intending to taste her glorious cunt – but Sophie was way past that. "No Zach – I need you inside me now. I'm aching for your dick. Please – fuck me," she begged desperately. She shocked herself at her slutty words – she had never spoken to a man like that.

Zach liked to be in control in the bedroom and might normally have resisted for the time being, choosing instead to tease her and force his tongue into her pussy. But lust had taken him over as well and the thought of pushing his cock into that warm, wet cunt was too much.

He laid on top of her, pushing her into the soft duvet and looking deep into her eyes. Sophie somehow found the strength to quickly close her legs underneath him. "Put on a condom," she said, tracing her fingers up his torso.

"I don't have any," he said. He held her gaze. "If you want me to fuck you it will have to be bareback."

Sophie felt a slight panic rise up inside her. She might have been totally overcome with lust for this man, but she wasn't stupid. "I can't," she protested weakly.

"Sophie, I haven't had sex without a condom for seven years. I promise you I'm safe. I always take precautions. But right now I don't have any condoms." He pushed forward slightly against her closed legs and she felt the head of his rigid cock right at the entrance to her slippery pussy. 

He moved his head down to her ear. "I know you want it bareback," he whispered, and she felt her already limited resolve weakening. She had never had sex without a condom, even in a relationship. Her legs remained closed but she almost instinctively relaxed her thigh and she felt the very tip of his cock pass her lips. "We can't," she breathed. "We can't."

Zach kissed her passionately. "Imagine my bare cock inside your pussy. Just imagine feeling it pushing into you, again and again. Imagine me cumming deep inside you," he whispered in her ear, nuzzling her earlobe and driving her wild. "Oh God..." Sophie whispered back, feeling like she might explode with undiluted lust. Her most primal instincts were taking over. The thought of this beautiful alpha male shooting his seed deep inside her was too much. She opened her legs wide and in an instant he was fully inside her. They both moaned loudly at the exquisite feeling. "Oh my God Sophie, you're so wet. You feel incredible," Zach growled. He held himself deep inside her, not moving.

She closed her eyes, revelling in this sensation of Zach's gorgeous cock inside her before pleading: "Fuck me. Just fuck me, please". She was literally begging this stranger to pound her pussy. Again Zach was desperate to tease her, to make her scream for him to do it, but he couldn't hold back. There really was something different about this girl. He wanted to be fully in control but he felt he had to give in to her demands. He pulled right out and ploughed straight back in, hard, until he was balls deep. Sophie screamed with pleasure. His cock filled her completely and she instinctively squeezed against it.

For Zach it felt incredible. Although he did indeed have plenty of condoms, he hadn't lied when he said he always used them. He really hadn't been bareback since he was a teenager and the sensation was just unbelievable. He pulled out again and once more thrust straight back in, faster this time. 

Now Sophie had what she wanted, she was happy for Zach to be in complete control. The second thrust tipped her closer to orgasm. She felt the familiar tingle building in her thighs. 'How could that be happening already?!' she wondered. It had only been a couple of minutes.

Zach started to tease her a little, gently thrusting just the tip of his cock inside her, then pulling out and ramming it deep inside, causing her to arch her back in ecstacy. After just a minute or two of that, she began to orgasm quite violently. "Oh God Zach, don't stop, don't stop...Keep fucking me, just don't stop," she begged, digging her nails into his firm back flesh. And he didn't stop. He pounded her soaking wet cunt as hard as he could, revelling in the glorious feeling of being bareback inside this beautiful tight pussy.

Sophie was thrashing wildly, experiencing by far the most intense orgasm of her life. 

Zach put his arms under her legs, forcing them open even wider, pressing her into the bed even more, pushing his pistoning dick even deeper into her.

The strength of Sophie's orgasm was forcing the walls of her pussy to squeeze ever tighter against his cock. Without the dulling sensation of a condom, Zach knew he wouldn't last much longer.

"Oh God Sophie, I'm gonna cum soon," he announced, continuing to thrust deep inside her. Sophie's own orgasm was still raging. "I'm gonna cum deep inside you," he warned. 

"Yes, oh god yes, fill my pussy with your cum," she begged. The thought of this stud filling her fertile womb sent her wild. "Do it, Zach - cum inside me, please. Do it!"

It was too much for Zach. He gave one more thrust then held himself balls-deep inside her unprotected pussy. She again squeezed against him. He growled wildly then moaned as he began to pump her full of semen. Just feeling it coat the inside of her pussy was enough to give Sophie a second mini-orgasm. She involuntarily starting using her muscles to milk his dick, wanting every drop inside her. Zach kept coming, this time thrusting as he did so, desperate for the feeling to last as long as possible – and even while doing so, already vowing to himself that he would fuck this girl several more times that night. 

They were both moaning in ecstacy as he finally finished pumping her full of cum. They lay there not moving, and Zach lifted his head to again look deeply into her eyes. "That was incredible," he said, gently kissing her cheek. He started to pull out but Sophie held him there. "Don't move. Please. Stay there." 

Again he did as she asked. Finally he did pull his semi-flaccid cock out. Just that sensation was enough to make Sophie start to feel aroused once more. Her pussy lips were tender from where she'd received such a good fucking, but to her amazement she was starting to moisten again.

Zach was genuinely surprised when he heard her moaning. He gently placed his middle finger on her pussy, feeling his cum leaking out of her. But as he looked into her eyes, he knew that even though she had just had incredible sex, she was already turned on again and wanting more.

Zach quickly moved his head down to her pussy, kissing and licking her inner thighs. He felt his spent cock twitching back into life and she began moaning louder. "Taste me," she begged – and even though Zach knew he'd be tasting his own cum as well as her exquisite juices, he found himself desperate to fulfil her request. He placed his tongue flat against her dripping slit and moved his face up and down against her clit, while gently stroking her thighs.

Sophie felt another jolt of electricity shoot through her and started writhing, gently at first and then more and more wildly as she felt her third orgasm building. Zach moved his hands up to her breasts and starting toying with her nipples, prompting her to moan even louder.

Zach considered stopping this oral assault on her pussy and forcing his dick back inside her – but he was enjoying it almost as much as she was. He reached up with both hands and starting stroking her nipples with his thumbs. She moaned in approval. For a second she reflected on the madness of the situation again – she was behaving as though she had known this man for months, giving herself to him completely. She felt like a slut – and to her surprise, she loved the feeling.

After a short time, Sophie began to come again. "Don't stop," she screamed, bucking her hips against his face as the sensation spread throughout her body. She was almost convulsing, such was the intensity of the orgasm. 

After what felt like several minutes, but in reality was probably only 20 seconds, she closed her legs, forcing him away from her tender pussy and swollen clit, allowing her orgasm to slowly subside while Zach gently kissed her thighs.

Eventually Sophie sat up and for the first time questioned herself properly. She looked at Zach – impossibly handsome, with his perfect body and knew she couldn't have stopped herself from doing this even if she'd tried. But equally it felt like time to go.

"Can you take me back to the Lime Tree?" she asked. "I need to get back and see my friends. They'll be wondering where I am."

Zach was surprised. "Why don't you just call your friends, then stay here with me?"

There was no doubt this was a tempting offer for the part of Sophie that had been so easily persuaded over here. But she resisted. "I didn't say we can't come back later – but right now I need to go. If you want to stay I'll just get a cab myself."

Not for the first time in the last hour, Zach found himself feeling out-manoeuvred by this girl. "No – of course I'll come with you. We'll get a cab together."

Sophie got herself dressed – minus bra and knickers that were ripped to shreds on Zach's floor. Again she felt like a slut as she pulled her tight top over her bare breasts then hitched her skirt over her tender pussy. She knew she should feel ashamed but instead she found herself smiling. "Let's go," she said.

***

Back at the bar, Sophie's friends had all arrived and were sitting at the same table she'd vacated just an hour before. Zach discreetly kissed her on the cheek and made for the same spot at the bar where he'd previously been standing. His friend was also in the same stool. Sophie wondered if Zach would be telling him exactly what had just happened. Why wouldn't he?

"Who's that...?" asked Tess, one of Sophie's pals. "He looks like just your type." Sophie blushed. "He's nice. Name's Zach. I only just met him before you arrived."

"So where have you been for the last 45 minutes? I've texted you three times..."

"We've just been, you know, chatting outside," Sophie ventured, then quickly changed the subject. "Anyway how are you doing?"

Sophie looked over and saw Zach heading to the men's room. He glanced back in her direction and smiled. Oh wow, that smile was a dangerous weapon, thought Sophie. She wasn't listening to a word that Tess said. "Well, what do you want," asked Tess again. She was holding her purse and Sophie realised she was heading to the bar. "Oh, erm, just a dry white wine thanks. I'll just go to the ladies."

Sophie headed to the side of the bar. It was a lot busier now and she had to push past several groups of people. Her nipples grazed against the back of a few people and she found herself enjoying the sensation of not wearing a bra, aware that she was heading in the same direction as Zach. What was she doing now? She could easily go home with him later. Why not just enjoy being with her friends?
