 Sophie woke up and briefly felt panicked when she realised she wasn't in her own bed. But looking over at sleeping Zach next to her, facing the other way, she immediately relaxed and smiled. She looked at the clock – 7am. Saturday morning and she'd woken at exactly the same time she always did in the working week, even though she'd been up half the night having relentless, scintillating sex with Zach.

Seeing his smooth, tanned back inches from her face, she couldn't help but gently touch it with her forefinger. She started to stroke it, then kiss it. His natural scent was intoxicating and she quickly felt herself becoming aroused. Zach didn't even stir, but she wasn't going to let that stop her. She reached round while kissing his shoulder and starting to stroke his sculpted chest, enjoying feeling her erect nipples against his back. 

After a short time she was so turned on she could easily have bitten his neck and shoulder as she started rubbing her pussy against him. 

Still nothing from Zach. Was he really still asleep? Or was he just allowing her to blissfully stroke his body? There was one way to find out: Sophie ran her hand down his torso and very gently sought out his cock. To her very pleasant surprise it was rock hard in her hand and she wasted no time stroking it with her thumb and forefinger. If Zach was hoping to fool her into thinking he was still dozing, his moans betrayed him. 

Sophie's pussy moistened still further at the sound of Zach enjoying her attention and she continued kissing his neck and shoulder. He reached into the drawer beside the bed and pulled out a small tub of lube. 

"This should help you a little with that," he said to Sophie, turning his head to face her for the first time and flashing that devilish smile. Sophie swiftly pumped some of the lube into her hand and smeared it all over his cock while kissing him. Zach rolled on to his back and closed his eyes, revelling in the sensation of Sophie's slick hand steadily stroking his rigid shaft. 

After a short time, he grabbed some lube himself and invited Sophie to sit on top of him. He rubbed the lube in between his right thumb and forefinger and started gently toying with one of her erect nipples. Sophie gasped and threw her head back so Zach sat up and hungrily took the other nipple in his mouth.

With one nipple being rubbed with the cold lube and the other being sucked by Zach's warm mouth, Sophie was in ecstacy and she suspected she would orgasm that way if Zach kept it up long enough. Instead though she decided to take control. She pushed Zach back on to the pillow, reached down and carefully eased his slick unprotected cock into her burning wet pussy. It slid in ridiculously easily and immediately began grazing her G-spot as she moved her hips back and forth.

"Oh my God," said Sophie, as she placed her hands on Zach's shoulders and pressed herself down, forcing him balls deep inside of her. Zach always preferred to be on top, controlling the pace and depth, but right now he simply lay there and revelled in the feeling of Sophie tightening her muscles around his dick, knowing she was rocking herself towards another huge climax.

"Touch yourself," he breathed at her as she sat up again. Without any hesitation she starting rubbing her clit with her finger while Zach teased both nipples with his lube-covered hands. Having so many erogenous zones being stimulated at once started to tip Sophie over the edge and Zach quickly responded by repeatedly thrusting upwards against her ever-tightening pussy. She started to cry out in sheer bliss, still stroking her clit, eyes closed, Zach buried up to the hilt inside her.

Just as her orgasm started to subside, Zach sat up and quickly pushed her on to her back so that he was on top, allowing him to plough into her with some force. 

With each thrust he felt like he was pushing deeper and deeper into her exquisite pussy and after just a few minutes of this frantic bareback thrusting he knew his own climax was swiftly approaching. He sped up and didn't stop pistoning her as he shot his latest load of sperm into her pussy, while Sophie basked in the sensation of being so wanton and slutty with this incredible man. He turned her on so much she couldn't imagine any encounter with Zach being anything less than breathtaking – and this was no exception.

Of course the extraordinary thing about all this was that it was only the second time they had ever met. They had now fucked bareback six times and Sophie didn't even know Zach's surname or what he did for a living. As she lay there under Zach's glorious hard body, his cum slowly leaking out of her, Sophie smiled but also felt a tinge of self-loathing. She knew that she should be ashamed of herself for allowing herself to be used in this way, for brazenly opening her legs for this virtual stranger time and again. 

But despite these negative thoughts, she knew she had barely been in control of her own actions. Lust had taken charge, and it wasn't about to relinquish her any time soon. Maintaining a level of dominance during sex gave her the illusion that she had some control over the situation, but the reality was she was enslaved by her carnal feelings. She still hadn't addressed the whole Tess issue. Had she spent the night here too just 24 hours earlier? Zach wasn't her 'boyfriend' – so even if Tess had stayed there, what could she do? It was actually none of her business. And yet Sophie knew Zach felt the way she did. Should she say something? Would he be scared off? She was pretty sure Zach wasn't over-analysing the situation like this. Again she cursed herself as Zach spooned into her and gently kissed her shoulder.

The pair lay like that silently for some time, occasionally dozing off before Zach's alarm went off at 7.45.

"Do you have plans for today?" he asked softly, idly stroking her inner thigh. Sophie's pussy was feeling pretty sore from the poundings it had taken in the last 12 hours, but his delicate touch still had a devastating effect on her. 

"Not really," she said, trying to sound cool and aloof. Zach's hand started roaming a little further and she made no effort to stop him but lay perfectly still. "I'm afraid I have to go into work for a while," he said, sliding his hand up to the space in between her breasts. He very gently kissed her neck. "I'm sorry we can't spend more time together." He cupped her left breast in his hand and gently bit her shoulder, feeling himself getting rapidly hard again with no resistance from his prey whatsoever. Sophie soon felt his hot dick against her backside and half wondered if she should make her excuses and leave to try and reassert herself. But her body had no intention of leaving the bed occupied by this stud and she soon found herself writhing under his mesmerising touch.

Zach quickly moved his hand down and very gently fingered her throbbing clit while kissing her passionately, moaning into her mouth and driving her wild. Sophie knew this would be their final fuck of the day and was determined to make the most of it before she was forced to confront her feelings later.

She lifted her left leg and Zach put his hand under her knee for support. Access to her cunt from there was straight forward and he wasted no time re-entering her. From this angle he wasn't able to put his cock all the way in but Sophie actually loved feeling the tip of his dick stimulating the nerve ends at the entrance to her soaking wet pussy.

"I can't get enough of you," breathed Zach into her ear as he gently thrust into her from behind, nibbling on her shoulder and toying with her breasts as he did so. "You feel so wet, so tight," he growled, firing the slutty side of her up even more.

"Oh God Zach, I love the feeling of your hard dick inside me," she replied, starting to push back against his thrusts. "All I want to do is fuck you." And it was true – Zach and his cock occupied her every waking thought. He reached down and gently massaged her clit again; this was exactly what she wanted from him and she responded by crying out in ecstacy, willing him to thrust harder, to rub more firmly, to take her roughly, quickly, any way he wanted. Never had Sophie behaved like this in bed, never had she felt more consumed by raw desire. She had never been so uninhibited – Zach made her feel so confident and sexy, and his cock – oh wow, his cock was doing it for her in ways she'd never experienced before.

Zach held on her for leverage and started pounding her dripping wet pussy as fiercely as he dared, lowering her leg slightly so as to increase the friction against his cock. This worked wonders for Sophie too, she could feel every thrust even more sharply – and with her nipples and clit being stimulated so expertly as well, she was sliding inexorably towards a shattering climax once again. She simply closed her eyes and let it wash over her, screaming as she did so, hoping the incredible intensity of the moment would last and last as Zach drove into her tightening cunt, swiftly pushing him to the brink.

"Tell me you love it bareback," he taunted, gritting his teeth as he fought to hold back his orgasm. "Tell me what it does to you."

Sophie was in the throes of ecstacy and in no mood to fight against him. She gave him exactly what he wanted. "Oh my God, it's incredible. I need to feel you cum inside me. Fuck me harder, don't stop, God don't stop! Your cock feels amazing Zach, it's the best cock I've ever felt."

That did it for Zach. Sophie's slutty outpourings as she climaxed against his unprotected cock sent him over the edge – and he filled her pussy again, his potent love juice shooting towards her fertile womb, leaving her breathless and deeply satisfied in a way she had never felt before. This was it for Sophie – as good as it was going to get. How could she ever resist Zach now? He owned her. It was a glorious and yet terrifying reality for a control freak like Sophie. She wondered who she was, whether she actually knew herself at all. What else was she capable of if she could behave in this way so willingly?

When Zach finally finished cumming, he pulled his hard shaft out of her and immediately headed for the shower. "I really have to go," he smiled. "I'll be back in a couple of minutes."

Sophie heard the water running, and contemplated following him into the shower. But she was completely spent. Her whole body felt sore after such a marathon session. It would take her a while to recover from this – but what a feeling.

Suddenly it dawned on her should have a short window of opportunity to snoop around the room before Zach would be back. She quietly got out of the bed and headed for the chest of drawers, noticing there were a few papers on the top. One was his mobile phone bill – she noticed his unusual full name straight away: "Zach Le Toux". Sophie smiled to herself. There couldn't be too many of those on Google, she pondered. 

Hearing the water being turned off, Sophie dashed back into bed, imagining the fun she could have. 

***

For the next few days, Sophie resolved to ignore Zach's texts. He didn't seem to be remotely put off by her lack of response and his texts became increasingly explicit; some of them were long and detailed, describing exactly what he wanted to do to her when they next met.

Sophie had never found such language a turn-on before, but whenever a new text arrived, she would find herself becoming intensely aroused by the graphic detail. But still she will herself not to respond. She had her chance to re-assert herself in this relationship (was that even the right word...? All they ever did was fuck) and she was determined to take it.

A search of the internet had revealed Zach worked at a marketing agency in the city. Sophie looked forward to seeing him in a sharp suit, oozing sex appeal. She wondered how many women at Zach's office he had slept with. She would be interested to check out the female talent there.

Sophie took the day off work and spent the first part of the morning getting herself ready. She had indulged in an expensive spray tan and spent some time shaving her legs and pussy. She selected a lacy push-up bra which would maximise her already-impressive assets. Then she reached for her most expensive work outfit consisting of a jacket and short-ish skirt and black high heels. No top, no knickers. She felt devastatingly sexy and wanton and could feel her tight shaved snatch getting wet before she'd even left her flat at the thought of what she had planned.

It was a fairly short tube ride to Zach's office and Sophie enjoyed the attention she received from men in her carriage, shamelessly ogling her breasts. The old Sophie would have been disgusted both at the way she was dressed and the way these men were eyeing her up – but now it just confirmed to Sophie that she had chosen wisely for the task at hand.

She breezed through the revolving door of the agency, exuding confidence and sex appeal, turning both male and female heads as she strode up to the receptionist.

"I'm here for a meeting," she said quietly but firmly, maintaining eye contact with the attractive receptionist, who had only rather grudgingly acknowledged Sophie's presence.

"Certainly, who with?" was the curt reply.

"Zach Le Toux," Sophie announced, intrigued to see this woman's response. The receptionist's demeanour subtly but clearly changed immediately. She subconsciously eyed Sophie up and down before replying: "I see...no problem. Shall I give him a call for you?" Clearly Sophie was not the only one to find Zach attractive – this woman was clearly desperate for an excuse to call him.

"No that's fine, he's expecting me. Could you direct me to the meeting room and I'll wait in there."

The receptionist handed Sophie a visitor's badge and told her to go to the third floor and turn right. The meeting room was the first door on the left. Sophie was expecting big glass walls but in fact the only windows were facing the street. There was one on the door into the room but it had a small blind on it which Sophie quickly closed.

She pulled out her mobile and called Zach's number. No answer. She immediately called again and this time he answered quite quickly. "Hi Sophie. How are you?" he said. His voice echoed and Sophie guessed he had made his way to a stairwell to take the call.

"Wrong," she said enigmatically. "The real question is 'WHERE am I?'"

Zach laughed – but it was a slightly nervous laugh. Hardly surprising given the nature of that reply. "What's that supposed to mean?" he said, grinning.

She ignored his question. "Are you able to meet me?" she asked. 

"Now?" said Zach. "I'm at work. I have a meeting with a client here in 45 minutes."

"Why not go to your meeting right now?" said Sophie, and hung up.

This was most unsettling to Zach. He ALWAYS made the running with his women. No girl ever told him what to do and where to go. But things had been different with Sophie right from their first torrid sex session in his flat a week ago.

Zach pondered her questions – "Where am I?" "Why not go to your meeting right now?". Surely she wasn't here? Zach's cock twitched and started growing fast at the very thought of it but it seemed absurd. How would she know where he worked? 

He headed swiftly for the meeting room and knocked.

"Come in," said the female voice which Zach immediately recognised as Sophie's. 

He opened the door and was visibly stunned to find Sophie perched on the end of the huge meeting room table. She was leaning forward slightly, brazenly displaying her cleavage. "Shut the door – in fact why not lock it?" she said. Her pussy was soaking wet already, but the sight of Zach both smartly dressed and so obviously wrong-footed set a massive pulse of heat between her legs and she felt moisture dripping down her thighs.

Zach did as he was told and approached the table. Sophie lifted a leg and used her high-heeled shoe to keep him at arm's length while she undid her jacket and threw it on to the floor. She traced her fingers from her bare, tanned shoulders, down to her bra-covered tits, tormenting him by gently pinching her own nipples and moaning. 

She looked at Zach's crotch and saw the size of his erection, clearly desperate to be freed from his expensive suit trousers. Sophie put her foot back on the floor and Zach tried to get closer, but this time she used her hand to stop him, her palm slipping inside his suit jacket and feeling his firm pecs, then his erect nipples. With her other hand she hitched up her skirt, revealing her glorious slick pussy. 

Suddenly she lay down on her back, her knees in the air, heels on the table, displaying herself to Zach, waiting for his response. She could hear people outside in the open plan office, phones ringing, colleagues chatting and laughing. Knowing they were just a few yards away was even more of a turn-on.

He quickly removed his jacket and his tie and buried his face in her crotch. No teasing, no gentle touching or licking. He just thrust his tongue firmly against her soaking wet pussy lips and started moving his head up and down against her clit. It was like an electric shock to Sophie – she started writhing on the table, bashing her flat palms against the mahogany and trying very hard not to scream out. All the while, Zach was unbuttoning his shirt, desperately wanting to feel skin-on-skin. He threw it to the ground and started undoing his trousers, all the while maintaining a steady rhythm with his tongue, occasionally circling her clit but always keeping his tongue flat against it and pushing firmly. 

She started arching her back and Zach knew her orgasm was close. Now was his chance to take charge so he quickly moved his head away from her cunt and scrambled on top of her so that both of them were lying on one end of the table, his trousers and boxers around his ankles.

"Who's a naughty girl then?" he said, looking into her eyes. He kissed her deeply, his mouth coated in her slick pussy juices and Sophie enjoyed tasting herself as their tongues entwined. Zach reached up and pulled her right bra cup down, exposing most of her breast. He moved his mouth down and devoured her rock hard nipple, sucking hard and causing her to moan and arch her back. 

He moved back up to her face. "Let's see if we can get to the other end of this table shall we?" he grinned, and immediately thrust his rigid cock inside her unprotected pussy – exactly what she wanted. Again she had to fight the urge to cry out. Wasting no time at all, he started ploughing into her, and sure enough their bodies started edging towards the middle of the table, such was the force of his thrusts. Sophie felt like she had never been penetrated so deeply. She wrapped her legs around him, her heels clicking as they met just below his backside. She found she was able to use her feet to push him even deeper inside of her and they were soon in a fast, satisfying rhythm, working their way across the table. Sophie would occasionally feel the friction of her shoulder against the wood, but even the heat from that sensation felt like a turn-on and soon she was careering towards an earth-shattering orgasm.

Her pussy was convulsing as Zach pistoned his cock into her again and again – and with the spontaneous nature of this office fuck coupled with the glorious bareback sensation, it wasn't long before Zach knew he was about to unload into her. In half an hour he would be at this table for a crucial meeting. Right now he was fucking the brains out of the hottest girl he'd ever met right on top of it.

"Oh God Sophie, I'm gonna come," he said into her ear, and it sounded like a desperate plea. She tightened her pussy muscles around his dick and begged him to do it, to unleash his semen inside of her, and he swiftly complied, holding himself fully inside of her before softly crying out and pumping everything he had into her. By now she was addicted to the feeling of his cum shooting inside her and she used her pelvic floor muscles to milk his dick for every last drop, her eyes closed, her head spinning.
