 Sophie had spent the last five days in a state of constant confusion. She tormented herself over her lustful encounter with the handsome and mysterious stranger she knew only as Zach. She didn't even know if that was his real name, yet she had brazenly and willingly given herself to him. She had even been to his flat, without paying any real attention to exactly where it was. 

When she had emerged from the store room at "The Lime Tree", she was shocked to discover Zach had gone. He had earlier invited her to spend the night with him and she fully expected to. The attraction between them was fiercely intense, but it had also unwittingly triggered a battle for supremacy. Sophie had managed to assert her dominance over him during their first torrid sex session at his flat. But she knew she had given him the upper hand when she allowed herself to be taken from behind like a cheap slut inside that store room. 

She desperately wanted to regret her actions, but she knew she'd had little control over them. Allowing herself to be fucked bareback for the first time in her life - twice! Allowing a stranger to pump her unprotected pussy full of cum with no thought for the implications afterwards. 

The evening had gone by in a lust-fuelled blur. She could remember nothing about the conversations she'd had with her friends after Zach had disappeared. Now she had no way of contacting Zach - and felt torn as to whether she should even try. Should she allow someone into her life who had so swiftly made her crush her moral compass? She had never felt more alive than in those few hours. But the strength and intensity of her feelings left her trembling. She liked to live an ordered life, to be in control. Here was a man who had made her act with reckless abandon - and she knew she wouldn't be able to resist him were she to encounter him again.

For three days after their first meeting, Sophie was drawn to "The Lime Tree" after work. Each time she had worn a slick trouser suit in case she did she meet Zach - perhaps consciously wanting to avoid letting him have easy access to her pussy. On each occasion she felt a mixture of superficial relief and intense inner disappointment when he was nowhere to be seen. It was obvious to her that she should forget him, focus on her life, her friends, her job.

But instead, after her third fruitless visit to the bar, she found herself in a cab, asking the driver to help her find the property she had visited so briefly for sex.

The driver was happy; he knew this would be a very profitable exercise, being asked to comb the nearby residential areas for a Victorian terrace when there were thousands of such properties in the area. It was dark and after 20 minutes, Sophie glanced at the meter - £35.00. What was she doing? She asked the cabbie how far it was to the station. "Just up the end of the road and left," he said. She asked him to pull over, got out and paid him, chastising herself for acting in such an impulsive way.

Just then her phone rang. Private number. She answered it. 

"Sophie? It's Zach," came the voice at the other end. 

Sophie's heart pounded at hearing his voice. She took a breath and did her utmost to sound cool and detached. "Hi," she said. "How did you get my number?" 

"Your friend Tess gave it to me at the bar the other night. Sorry I haven't called you but I've been busy."

Sophie said nothing. Where was this going?

"Look, you're probably annoyed with me about the other night. I don't blame you. Something came up. But I'd love to make it up to you. How do you fancy coming round to the flat tomorrow night?"

Sophie felt a twinge of disappointment. Part of her knew she should walk away from this right now but the side of her that had so willingly taken Zach's cock deep inside her twice was desperate that he should invite her round right now.

"I could do, it just depends on what's happening with work," she lied, keeping her options open.

"Ok, no problem. I'll text you my address and you can let me know. I'd love to see you."

With that, Zach hang up and a minute later the text arrived, this time with his number displayed. Sophie read the address, checked the location on a search engine and was stunned to see that she was actually in the right street right now. In fact she was just 10 houses or so away from Zach's flat!

What an opportunity to turn the tables, thought Sophie, her pussy moistening at the thought of surprising him.

She strode down the street, instantly recognising the front door, sheltered from the main street by hedges on three sides. She remembered that Zach's bedroom was the room at the front of the property. The blinds were partially open and Sophie noticed there was a small lamp dimly lighting the room. She carefully peered in and was stunned by what she saw.

A woman was naked on the bed, blindfolded. Her hands were cuffed loosely to the bed frame - although Sophie noticed that she could easily get out of them if she wanted to. Clearly this girl didn't want to go anywhere. Sophie was horrified and knew that she should leave immediately and forget everything...but part of her was intrigued. Who the hell was this girl? She was facing away from the window, writhing on the bed. Her legs were wide open, displaying her slick shaved pussy. 

Suddenly Sophie noticed the bedroom door open - it was Zach! He had literally been on the phone to Sophie just a minute ago. Now here he was, tanned and shirtless, standing over another girl, seemingly about to fuck her.

The mere sight of Zach, aroused and ready to spear this girl with his dick, sent a familiar shot of heat to Sophie's pussy and she cursed her body for betraying her. She should be disgusted with this man but instead she yearned to be that girl on the bed. Of course she knew should turn around and march to the station, deleting Zach's number and forgetting she had ever met him. But instead she found herself watching intently as Zach approached the bed, undoing his jeans and sliding them down to reveal his long hard dick. Sophie instinctively moaned at the sight of it again and found herself becoming even more aroused, just as she had done in the bar three days ago.

Zach didn't even bother to pull his jeans all the way off. He knelt on the bed and stroked the girl's inner thighs, then her soaking wet pussy, causing her to writhe and arch her back even more. Even through the double glazing, Sophie could hear the moans from Zach's conquest. 

It was a very warm evening and Sophie felt way more turned on than she should do. She looked around and noticed how secluded the window was. Only the resident of the upper flat opposite would be able to see her and that room was in total darkness.

She looked back into Zach's room and felt a surge of excitement as she watched him put on a condom. It was ridiculous - she knew it was ridiculous - but it made Sophie feel incredibly special and turned her on even more that he had only gone bareback for her. She couldn't help but reach inside her blouse and stroke her bra-covered nipple as she watched Zach move on top of this girl, holding himself up with his wonderful muscular arms and slowly push himself into her.

Sophie looked at the girl's reaction. She was in ecstacy. Sophie knew exactly how she was feeling. At that moment the girl turned her blindfolded face towards the window and Sophie was staggered to see that it was her friend Tess. Clearly Tess had given him more than Sophie's number at the bar.

'But he isn't fucking her bareback,' she thought to herself stubbornly as she instinctively slid her hand into her trousers and massaged her panty-covered snatch, watching Zach pound into Tess, who was screaming in a sexual frenzy. Zach was clearly enjoying dominating her - first he thrust into her hard and fast on top, then he pulled out, flipped her over, causing her arms to cross, and pulled her up onto her knees before filling her pussy from behind.

Sophie was transfixed by Zach's athletic body. Seeing him in action from afar made her realise again just how strong her feelings of lust were for him. She was overcome and started stroking herself firmly as Zach pounded Tess towards orgasm. Sophie had to bite her lip to stop herself crying out. Zach turned Tess over again, and Sophie recognised his moves as he put his arms under her legs, forcing her wide open and enabling his iron-hard cock to surge even deeper into her. Sophie was consumed by both lust for Zach and envy for Tess. She forced herself to look away and dashed to the station, pondering her next move.

That night she couldn't sleep. The images of Zach's glorious hard body were seared into her mind. Several times she found herself gently toying with her pussy but stopped and cursed herself for being so turned on at this guy fucking her friend. There was no way she could leave the situation like this; she was tormented by her feelings.

The next afternoon she texted Zach and said she would be at his flat for 7.30. "Looking forward to it xx" came the reply. Even his smugness and boundless confidence turned her on and she found herself imagining being taken by Zach time and again while sitting at her desk. A colleague had looked up at her when she moaned lightly. She had to pretend she was groaning at her computer being so slow. Sophie knew she couldn't go on like this. What was happening to her?

At 7.30 she arrived at Zach's flat and glanced at the window she had spied through the previous evening. Just remembering the sight of Zach and Tess was nipple-hardening and when Zach answered the door shirtless, she was completely thrown by him. She wanted to melt into his arms and allow herself to be fucked senseless again - but resolved to control her emotions.

She walked through the door. Zach closed it and immediately pinned her up against the wall, kissing her firmly on the lips before she had a chance to respond. She kissed him back passionately and felt her cunt burning with desire - but with renewed tenacity, managed to push him away. "How about a drink?" she asked, smiling. 

Zach responded with a slight groan, then a smile of his own. "Sure. You wait in there," he said, motioning to his bedroom. "Make yourself at home."

Sophie went into Zach's bedroom and immediately closed the blinds, remembering again her spying mission from 24 hours ago. She looked at Zach's bed and couldn't believe Tess had been there, submitting to him. Those images went through her head again and while she knew she should be appalled with herself for even being here, she knew she had been drawn here by her own crazed, potent feelings of lust. 

Zach returned with two glasses of white wine. "Cheers," he said, oozing self-confidence, brazenly eyeing Sophie up and down, licking his lips at the thought of taking her again with so little effort required to bring her here.

"Lie down", said Sophie, sipping her wine. Zach was wrongfooted by her directness and was intrigued enough to do as he was asked. Sophie took a small sip of wine and with uncharacteristic forthrightness, started licking Zach's nipples, knowing how much he had enjoyed it last time, running her hands over his firm torso. Zach moaned and tried to touch her but she moved his arms away, back to his side. She licked the wine back off his nipple, pinching the other one as she did so, making him squirm. 

Then she moved in between his legs and undid his jeans, already straining with the huge erection underneath desperate to be freed. Zach wrestled with his urge to dominate but sensed her desire and hunger and allowed Sophie to pull his jeans down. She nuzzled his boxer-covered cock with her nose and tongue, teasing him, enjoying watching his dick twitch at the exquisite sensation. 

Then she slowly pulled them down to his ankles, took another sip of wine and dribbled it down his cock, threatening (and indeed wanting) to take it all in her mouth but resisting and continuing to tease by licking the wine up and down his throbbing shaft, while gently stroking his balls.

Zach very rarely allowed himself to be so vulnerable and submissive, and felt uneasy - yet he was so turned on by Sophie's teasing he allowed it to continue, pushing the back of his head down into the duvet and instinctively thrusting up towards Sophie's face, desperate for her to take him in her mouth.

She was now so turned on by her slutty actions that all she wanted to do was push her thong to one side and mount his dick, but again she fought against her urges and continued gently licking his shaft, occasionally circling the head of his cock with her tongue and motioning as though she was going to deep throat him, all the while pulling back and beginning the delicious process again.

Zach couldn't take it. "God Sophie please, put it in your mouth," he moaned, pushing her head down with his hand while writhing on the bed, his heart pounding. Again she moved his arm back to his side, forcing him to lie still and continued her gentle assault on his throbbing cock, nuzzling, licking, taking sips of wine and starting all over again.

"What's the matter Zach?" she said deviously, in between licks. "Would you rather I was blindfolded? Would you rather I was handcuffed to your bed, like Tess?"

Zach was visibly shocked by her words, looking up from the bed. Sophie looked into his eyes, then quickly devoured his cock deep into her mouth before he could respond, sucking hard and swirling her tongue while bobbing her head up and down, taking him right to the back of her throat again and again. 

Zach was powerless to stop her. He was in ecstasy at Sophie's oral skills. But he was also freaked out. How did Sophie know about his sordid session with Tess? Why was she sucking his dick when she knew what he'd done with her friend just 24 hours earlier?

Sophie was in complete control. She felt alive with lust again and all Zach could do was lie back and let her control him.

He started face-fucking her in an attempt to resume his dominance over her, thrusting upwards from the bed while cupping her head. But she wasn't having that. She simply stopped sucking and used her arms to pin his thighs to the bed, before starting to tease his cock again, refusing to take him fully in her mouth until he lay still. He growled at the devastating mixture of agony and pleasure, submitting to her demands. He lay still and Sophie started deep-throating him again. All the while, she had been undoing her blouse and bra, then her trousers. But she wouldn't be able to take her trousers off without standing up.

"Don't move," she breathed, moving away from his glorious dick and removing her trousers and thong. She still had her blouse on, the bottom two buttons done up but her bra was on the floor. They were both breathing heavily, looking deep into each other's eyes. Zach knew he had met his match in this girl. Even three days ago he had known she was something special.

Sophie moved on to the bed on top of him and ordered him to lie still. "You like to tell girls what to do, don't you Zach," she grinned, pinning his arms by his side while rubbing her soaking wet pussy up and down his slick shaft. Zach tried thrusting upwards again to enter her, but she was ready for him and simply moved gently away from his cock until he lay still again. She was absolutely desperate to impale herself on his dick but continued to torment him, reaching round with her right hand to massage his balls while still rubbing herself up and down his hot throbbing shaft. 

Zach simply couldn't take it, he was moaning and begging her to let him fuck her but still she resisted, leaning down to kiss him, running her hands up and down his body, which was alive with lust. She felt his heart pounding, saw the desperation in those beautiful eyes. She wondered how long he would go letting her do this to him.

Eventually he looked away, closing his eyes and pounding the sides of his face into the bed. She immediately lay fully on top of him and quickly slid downwards, forcing his unprotected cock inside her. He stopped writhing and they both lay beautifully still, staring into each other's eyes with only their deep breathing disturbing the silence.

"I want you to fuck me," she whispered into his ear. He looked at her again and she smirked. Zach took that as his cue and ripped her blouse off violently, sending the two remaining buttons that were done up flying across the room. In one swift movement they rolled over so he was on top, his dick still buried inside her tight wet cunt. 

She wrapped her legs around him and he started ploughing urgently into her. He was desperate for release after the torment of being teased for so long in his own bed. Sophie was screaming, begging him to fuck her; she had spent most of the last 24 hours feeling turned on by what she'd seen in this room last night and the tension was too much for her. He obliged, finally able to thrust in and out of her at his own pace, finally able to piston his cock into her fertile wet pussy.

Sophie started to cum first, the glorious intense feeling spreading quickly throughout her body. "Don't stop," she begged loudly, squeezing as hard as she could against his thrusting dick, forcing him to plough into her with even more force. She opened her legs as wide as they would go, in the desperate hope of finding a way of getting him to push even deeper inside her.

Zach felt the familiar tingle in his cock, and knew he wouldn't last much longer. "How much do you want it," he barked at her. "Tell me how much."

"Do it," she replied, writhing and squirming as her orgasm raged beneath him, but ignoring his question.

"Tell me," he said again. "How much do you want it? How much do you love me fucking you Sophie?"

Now she was the one that couldn't take any more. She screamed, she begged, she wailed. "God Zach, I need your cock. I need you to cum deep inside me. Please do it, please, oh God!" 

Her slutty screams sent Zach over the edge. He thrust as deep as he could, held it there, then pumped her pussy full of his semen, gently thrusting in and out after the first couple of spurts. The intensity of his orgasm brought him almost to tears. She too was nearly crying; the chemistry between them felt terrifying to her. She felt she wouldn't be able to live without Zach's wonderful cock. Nothing would compare after this. For Zach too, this was more than just sex, it was a sensation he'd never experienced with anyone else. Not just because he was bareback, although that was undoubtedly a part of it. Their raw desire for each other was something new and scintillating for both of them.

Zach held himself inside her. She could feel his cock continuing to throb inside her as his cum started to leak out of her. They lay still, both out of breath and spent. Zach looked down and kissed her, not just a gentle peck but a passionate kiss that betrayed the strength of his feelings. 

Sophie ran her fingers up and down his firm back, wondering where this was going; wondering where these encounters were leading; knowing there would be many more, whether she wanted them or not. For now, she intended to stay the night and have Zach fuck her any way he wanted.