 Chapter 05 – Home for the Holidays

At some point during the night I crawled out of Penny's bed and made my way back to my room. I slept well that first night, hoping it was a sign of things to come. I thought of sleeping the next day but my mind got the best of me and I was up early. I stayed in bed, not making a sound. I was guessing that Vivian and Penny were not up yet, by the lack of any sound in the house.

I waited until the clock hit an appropriate time to make a phone and I grabbed my cell phone. I sent a text message to Emma, asking for Bill's telephone number. Much to my surprise I received a text back from her only a moment later with the number. I expected it to take some time for her to get back to me and part of me anticipated her questioning my request for it. This general surrender of the information was quite nice.

I didn't dwell on that for too long. I left my room and headed downstairs as I punched Bill's number into my phone.

"Good morning, kid," Bill greeted me as he answered my call quickly.

"How did you know it was me," I asked, quite surprised.

"Kid, it's my job to prepare for such things," he advised me. "What can I do for you this fine Sunday morning?"

"Well, sir, I need some advice," I admitted.

"First of all, don't call me sir, you will make me feel old," Bill laughed. "Now, what seems to be on your mind?"

"With the holidays coming, I will be heading back east to see my family for a week," I disclosed. "I would like to take someone with me but I am not sure how a request like that would go over. Since you have been in the game situation, I was hoping you had some advice for me."

"Actually, kid, I do," Bill replied. "Ask, but ask generally. I feel like you want to take someone specific, which would be selfish. Don't ask for that. Ask to take someone and let Penny decide who it is. She is a very fair person and you all put her in charge for a reason. Trust her to sort it out."

I thought about what he said for a long moment before responding.

"Bill, that is tremendous advice," I admitted. "Thank you so much for taking the time to talk to me and for everything you have done for all of us."

"Kid, you are quite welcome," he said graciously. "I meant it when I said call me anytime. There are moments when this game is difficult. I know that. I am glad to help where and when I can."

"Bill, I will certainly be taking you up on that," I conveyed. "Please send my best to Bonnie."

"I will kid," he confirmed. "Talk to you soon."

It was such a great relief to have someone to talk to who knew my side of the game, someone who had been where I am. Bill was my savior and a genuinely good man too. Now, all I had to figure out was when to ask Penny. I thought it best to do when we were alone.

The rest of Sunday was much of the same as Saturday had been. Each of us finished unpacking and getting used to where things were in our new setting. We learned, with each passing hour how to operate with and around each other in the various rooms of the house. Both of these women were adorable. I had seen them both in the heights of passion and lust, but seeing them in the everyday, mundane tasks made me appreciate them both so much more.

The day flew by and it ended with us all watching television on the couch, one woman on either side of me, both fighting to stay awake. Penny surrendered first and headed up the stairs to bed. I must have drifted off for a short nap and when I awoke, Vivian was sound asleep next to me. I used the remote to shut off the television and then scooped Vivian up into my arms as I stood up.

I shut the lights off and made my way up the stairs. I delivered Vivian safely to her bed and headed to my own, when Penny stopped me in the hall.

"Hey," she whispered. "Stay with me tonight."

It didn't sound like a request, so I followed her into her room and shut the door. We laid down together and I held her close to me, as I had on many occasions. She was quite a woman and as we were still in the dark silence, I knew this was the right time.

"Pen, can I ask you something," I whispered.

"Sure you can," she responded. "Anything."

"I am going home for a week for the holidays," I reminded her.

"I know," she confirmed.

"I really would hate to go alone," I remarked.

There was a long gap without words. I began to second guess my approach. The silence and darkness surrounded us. I felt engulfed in it before Penny finally responded.

"I can't," she stuttered. "I am so sorry and so flattered. I have to be here, helping Nikki with everything for the wedding. She asked me to be her maid-of-honor. I can't disappear on her for a week."

I was taken back that she was so immediately convinced that I meant her. I was also ashamed of myself for not having considered her. I pulled her closer to me in the darkness. I kissed the back of her neck and could feel her breathing heavy.

"Vivian won't go," she stated. "She is too close to Emma's kids; she would never miss Christmas morning with them."

"I understand," I admitted. "Family is important."

We laid there, still and silent. I did not want to push this issue right now. I was trying not to be selfish, as Bill had suggested. The minutes seemed to drag by and sleep was not coming. I thought Penny had drifted off, so it surprised me somewhat when she spoke again.

"Take Brooke," she said cheerfully, as if it had just occurred to her. "It will be good for both of you I think. I mean, if she wants to go, which she will. I will let you ask her. Yes, yes. Take Brooke."

I was overjoyed at getting what I wanted and best of all, Penny thought it was her idea. Immediately the worry set in that Brooke might not go with me. Oh, that thought was going to haunt me until I asked her.

"Thank you," I whispered to Penny before we both fell asleep.

Monday at work seemed to fly by. All I could concentrate on was getting out of the office and over to Brooke's house. I managed my day the best I could and hit the door running at 5pm. I drove like a demon over to Brooke's place, anxious to find out if she would come with me.

I barely put the car into park in her driveway when I bolted from the driver's seat to the front door. I exploded through the door, only to find Brooke sitting on the couch. I stared at her but she didn't look at me. Her eyes were fixed on the television.

"Hey," I greeted her, trying to be cool and calm.

"Hey," she replied flatly. "Did you forget something?"

"Yes," I admitted. "I forgot to tell you that you are the most beautiful thing that I have ever seen."

Finally Brooke turned her head to look at me. Her eyes were watery.

"This is harder than I thought," she said softly.

"Maybe I have something that can help," I offered.

"What's that," she inquired.

"How about you take 10 days off and go away with me," I proposed.

"Yeah, right," she laughed as if she thought I was not serious.

"I am not kidding," I stated firmly. "I have cleared it with Penny already."

Brooke's face lit up when she finally realized that I was not joking. Excitement filled her cheeks and she stood from where she had been sitting.

"When, where," she asked like a hyper 5 year-old on a sugar rush.

"Six weeks from now," I informed her. "I am going home for Christmas and I want you to come with me. I want you to meet my family and see where I used to call home."

The excitement rushed from her cheeks and her face sank. She sat back down on the couch. She would not look at me.

"That's a lot of pressure," she stated softly, staring at the floor.

"There's no pressure," I countered. "It will be you and I, alone. No game, no pressure. This is very, very real."

"I need some time to think about this," she said as she walked past me and up the stairs.

I heard the door to her room shut and I knew she would not come back out until I was gone now. I showed myself out and returned home. I didn't say a word at home; I just went straight to bed. This sucked.

Then next 4 weeks were torture. I was invited to spend Thanksgiving several places, but I was too miserable to enjoy anyone else's company so I stayed home alone. I pressed through the days at work and spent a lot of time in my room at home. As December passed and the date of trip home got closer, I couldn't help but feel empty. I was so looking forward to seeing my family, but it was only half-hearted if Brooke wasn't with me.

The game had stalled for the time being. Penny decided that as we all prepared for Nikki and Monica's wedding and while we waited for Brooke's decision that the assignments for the game were pretty much on hold. And hold was what I did, two nights a week I held Penny and two nights a week I held Vivian. The other 3 nights each week I held out hope that Brooke would come with me. We had a nice routine at home, but I missed Brooke terribly. It bothered me that I missed her so much, though it bothered me so much more being without her.

Finally, the holidays were all around us. Penny was wonderful enough to keep me updated on everything going on with the ladies I cared for. With only 4 days until my trip home, Emma's mom arrived to spoil her grandchildren. Vivian informed us that she was going to stay at Emma's while her mom was here, it was extremely important to her. Mindy was home from school and Lisa was spending a lot of time at Leslie's catching up with her daughter. I knew Brooke was spending time there too, playing referee. Monica's mother had arrived from Sydney last week and was staying through the wedding, so Penny's old townhouse was quite full. Penny was spending almost all her time with Nikki and her mom planning the big day, though on Christmas day she was actually going home, alone to spend time with her mom and dad. I was so proud of her and the healing that had begun there. The family dynamics were everywhere and I longed for my own, though I desperately wanted Brooke to be part of that.

It was a rainy Monday night as I sat at home. The house was empty except for me. I had all I needed for the moment, Monday Night Football and a cold Corona. Life was good and for the next 3 hours I could forget about all the things going on around me. All I needed to do tonight was focus on the Chargers and Broncos. As I was watching the tail end of the pregame coverage, the doorbell rang.

I wasn't expecting anyone nor had I ordered any food. I thought maybe Penny had forgotten her keys or something. I made my way down to the front door and opened it. My heart began racing when I saw that it was Brooke. She stared up at me, the rain falling upon her angelic face, though she said nothing. Her face had an expression that was unreadable. I stared back, waiting, ignoring the falling raindrops. It felt like time was standing still as no words were exchanged. Our eyes never left each other's. It wasn't uncomfortable but I felt anxious.

She seemed to make me wait a long time before she threw her arms around my neck, pushed herself onto the tops of her toes and kissed me. This wasn't a passionate or seductive kiss. This kiss was a surrender. Brooke was focused on nothing else in the world but being intimate with me at that moment. I held her body tightly as the kiss continued. I had never been kissed like that before, it felt pure and honest. Those were two feelings I often struggled with thanks to my participation in this game.

"Of course I am going with you," she whispered as she pulled away from me. 

She stepped back into the rain and leaned against the hood of her car.

"Do you love me," she asked loudly as the rain washed her clean.

"More than should be allowed," I answered as I stepped out into the rain and made my way towards her.

She moved away from me, the rain washing over her.

"I talked to Penny and we are doing this by my rules," Brooke announced through the now heavy rain that was falling.

"What are your rules," I inquired quickly, though not caring as long as she was going with me.

"You will spend Friday night with me at my house," she declared. "We leave Saturday morning and from that point on, there will be no sexual activity between us. While we are with your family you are going to prove to me how much you love me by not making love to me. I am not going with you as a toy or as part of this game. I am going with you as someone who is madly in love with you. So Friday night we will get the game out of our system for a while. Then we can have the greatest Christmas ever with your family."

I ran to her through the rain. She seemed startled and did not move. As I reached where she was standing I placed my hands on her cheeks and kissed her softly.

She finally stepped back from me and opened the door to her car.

"See you Friday," she said as she sat in the car and closed the door.

As she pulled away I stood there in the rain, watching her go. I hated that feeling more than words can express. I felt my insides scream for her not to go, then calm seemed to overtake me and I went inside.

I made sure everything I needed was packed when I left for work on Friday morning. The house was empty and quiet when I loaded my car and departed. I couldn't believe it, but I actually felt like I was going to miss being there for the week that I was away.

I breezed through the day at work, leaving all my open items on my boss's desk at the end of the day. I headed out for Brooke's at a little after 7pm. As I pulled in the driveway, the lights inside where on and the garage was shut. I grabbed my travel bag, leaving my suitcase in the car to make things easier in the morning. 

As I walked to the front door I could hear the stereo blaring loudly. I didn't bother to knock or ring the bell since I assumed that there was no chance that Brooke would hear it. I let myself in with the keys I still had in my possession. The kitchen light was on but Brooke was nowhere to be found on the main floor. I dropped my travel bag on one of the chairs in the nook near the kitchen.

"Brooke," I called loudly. "I'm here."

"Great," she called back from upstairs. "Come on up."

I made my way up the stairs and noticed that the doors to both bedrooms were open. I peaked into my old room and saw two suitcases on the floor, both open and half packed. From the items I saw, Brooke was preparing adequately for winter in the northeast. I made my way down the short hall and to the open door of Brooke's bedroom. I breathed in deeply before entering, wanting to be composed when I saw her.

I quickly entered and turned to the right, bringing the bed into full view. What a view it turned out to be. Brooke was sitting on the edge of her bed, waiting for me apparently. She was wearing a white, men's collared shirt, which was buttoned up to the neck. I was not sure if there was anything on underneath it, but I was very much hoping to find out. It appeared that she had blue lace panties on while her legs and feet were bare. She had a light layer of makeup on, which made her shine. The blue eye shadow and bright red lipstick made her the picture of desire.

I stared at her in a nice mix of surprise and lust. She was perfect. I was frozen in that moment until she rose and walked towards me. She was like a perfect white cloud as she floated across the floor to my open arms. Her bright red lips kissed me softly before she stepped back and turned away from me.

She unbuttoned the shirt and let it fall off her shoulders. As it fell to the floor it revealed that she did not have on panties but a one piece blue lace teddy. She looked magnificent. Brooke then sat back down on the edge of the bed and looked up at me. I still had not moved.

"Well," she sighed. "I think you are a bit overdressed."

It took a minute for her words to sink in and I finally began to move. I undressed myself quickly, depositing my cloths in a pile on the floor next to me. In no time flat I stood before her, completely naked, my raging hard-on standing rigid in front of me. Brooke smiled and then leaned back where she was sitting. She spread her legs wide and undid the snap at the bottom of her teddy, exposing her freshly shaven pussy.

I moved towards her quickly, climbing on top of her as I reached the bed. My hands ravaged her body as I devoured her mouth with my own. I could not remember wanting anyone more. Brooke guided my cock to her opening which was flooded. I pushed myself inside her without waiting. There was no resistance as I penetrated her box. I thrusted in and out of her gash repeatedly at a great pace. I wanted to climax more than anything in the world. I kissed her neck cleavage as I injected my pole into her again and again at a rapid pace.

Brooke wrapped her legs around my waist as I crashed into her box over and over. Our flesh slapped together loudly as I implanted my rod inside of her again and again and again. It did not take long at all for me to reach my peak. I pushed as deep into her as I could as I erupted. I launched multiple jets of my jism into her vagina. She breathed heavily as I filled her with everything that I had. I crashed into her again as my final rocket of goo found her hole.

I collapsed on top of her. I had nothing left but Brooke wasn't nearly done. She pushed me onto my back and climbed up on top of me. She straddled my cock and reinserted it into her moist pussy. I winced slightly as she did so but then relaxed as she began to move herself up and down on my shaft. She looked me deep in the eyes as she rode my rock hard dick. She moved up and down at an increasing pace. I enjoyed her pussylips gliding back and forth over my firm shaft. I was all but lifeless while Brooke was giving herself to me.

She continued to ride me swiftly as her climax approached. She breathed heavy and grunted as she closed in on it. Her pace increased again and she was slamming her pelvis down onto me each time as her peak arrived. She screamed loudly and repeatedly as she came. She stopped moving and let her body shake and shiver with my cock inside her. This brought my second orgasm as well. I spewed whatever milk I had left into her box. I released several short shots of seamen as she continued to spasm.

I laid there, lifeless aside from my breathing. Brooke waited several minutes before moving and then rolled off of me. She stood from the bed and put the white shirt back on. She moved back towards me and kissed me on the cheek.

"I have to go pack," she whispered. "Get some sleep."

I watched her disappear from the room and then quickly crashed. When I awoke Brooke was fully dressed and her bags were packed.

"Time to go," she announced.

I cleared my eyes and rose from the bed. I got dressed as Brooke took her bags downstairs. When I made my way down, several minutes later, she had a cup of coffee waiting for me. The early morning was silent and our trip to the airport was mostly smiles and questions. Brooke slept for most of the 4 plus hour flight to Pittsburgh. The one hour ride to the suburb where I grew up and my family still lived was filled with more questions. Brooke wanted to know about my family before we got there, sort of like a study session. It felt great to be going home and even better to be going with this woman who made me feel so many wonderful things.

The next 10 days were the best I could ever remember as Brooke and I spent Christmas with my family. She got to meet my mother, her second husband Fred, my uncle Phil and aunt Cindy as well as my grandmother. Brooke fit right in with my crazy relatives and got to hear a great many stories about my youth. She even helped my mother make Christmas dinner. I was quite shocked to learn that Brooke was an accomplished cook. That was one thing I had not seen when we lived together.

I got to hold Brooke every night for 10 nights. It reminded me of the short time we lived together and how much I cared for her. This was outside the game. This was very, very real and I enjoyed it as much as anytime in my life. I reflected on all of this on the flight back to California. 10 days had come and gone so fast that it now seemed like a dream. I appreciated Bill's advice and Penny's flexibility, but mostly I appreciated Brooke for taking the time to really get the depth of the situation and my feelings for her. I knew now that she did not doubt how I felt. I also knew I walked a much finer line with her than the other ladies of this game now.
