  Chapter 06 – Happily Ever After

When Brooke and I arrived back at home it was Sunday night, the 5th of January. We collected our luggage from the carousel at the airport and were on our way. I dropped her off at her house, helping her inside with her with her suitcases before making my way back home. I was truly content for the moment.

That all changed when I walked through the front door. The house was mostly dark as I made my way to my room with my luggage. As I began unpacking just the essential items I would need for the week, I heard a soft tapping on the door.

"Come in," I called.

The door opened slowly and Penny stared at me.

"How was your trip," she asked.

"Perfect," I admitted softly.

"Vivian is still at Emma's," she revealed. "She is staying there for another week since her mom agreed to stay through the wedding."

"The wedding," I exclaimed. "I almost forgot. It's this Saturday. Is everything ready?"

"Yes," Penny disclosed. "Nikki and Monica are excited and nervous. It has been fun being with them. Plus, Nikki's dad is going to make it, so she is so relieved."

"That's great," I said. "How are you?"

"I missed you," she stated.

Penny walked to me and hugged me tightly. I held her for a while before moving. I let her go and sat on my bed. I laid down and motioned for her to join me. She shut off the light in my room before curling up next to me. I always liked being this close to her.

"I have to tell you something," she whispered in the dark.

"Go ahead," I urged.

"The game begins again at the wedding," she explained. "So be prepared. You will be going alone and leaving with the big winner."

"Do the ladies know," I asked.

"Yes," she confirmed. "At least, they all will when Brooke checks her email at home. No one will know the actual competition until that night, but believe me, it will be fair and fun."

"Good enough," I replied as I began to drift off.

The week was a blur as Nikki's wedding day approached. I got some much needed sleep on Friday night with the house all to myself. I slept in on Saturday, well past noon. I finally rolled out of bed near 1pm. I showered and shaved, preparing for the evening's big event. I filled out a very nice card for Nikki and Monica and proceeded to fill it with 5 crisp, new $100 bills. That should make for a nice gift.

I suited up and made sure everything was taken care of before leaving the house around 4pm. I headed downtown to The Marquis hotel, where the ceremony and reception were being held. This was going to be a first for me. I had been to plenty of weddings but never a same-sex union. I was in no way opposed to it, but merely curious as to how traditional it might actually be.

I pulled into the lot at The Marquis and delivered my car to the valet. It was 4:45pm when I arrived and the ceremony was scheduled for 5pm so I made my way inside swiftly, seeking any familiar face. It did not take long to see Emma and Jack standing near the front desk. Jack had on a bland beige suit, while Emma was as elegant as ever in a navy blue gown that had a v-neck which reached to a conservatively appropriate position on her chest. Was she getting soft on me?

I greeted them politely and Emma indicated that the ceremony was in the last room at the end of the hall on the left. I proceeded down the hall and enter the room she indicated to find that it had been wonderfully decorated in white for the just passed holiday season. It was very ornate and pretty. There was an archway and a small lectern at the front, with multiple rows of seats on either side. I finally saw Vivian standing up and waving to me from one of the seats. I made my way over to the row she was seated in and greeted her.

She looked lovely, wearing a sparkling silver, spaghetti strap dress that fell to about mid-hip. She had on black stockings and black heels as well as a silver scarf that matched her dress. Her hair was very big and curly, it suited her delightfully well.

"You look wonderful," I complimented her as I kissed her cheek. I sat next to her and waited. It was very close to 5pm and I wondered where everyone else was at. Shortly thereafter, Emma and Jack sat themselves in the row behind us. The ceremony was just about to begin when three lovely ladies rushed to seat themselves next to me. Leslie sat next to me, wearing a very lovely black skirt suit with white piping. She had on black and white checkered pumps to go with it. Brooke was next to her, in a fantastic yellow halter drape pendant cocktail dress that left nothing to the imagination. It was cut low in the chest and high on the hip. She had on strappy gold heels to go with it and looked beyond words. To Brooke's left was Mindy. I was surprised to see her but quickly remembered that she had not returned to school yet for the spring semester. She too looked brilliant, wearing a little black tube dress that held her tight frame nicely and black pumps. I was in the best seat in the house surrounded by 5 gorgeous women. We all stood as the ceremony started and Monica's maid-of-honor, whom I did not know, came out first. She was a lovely, young lady, I would say between 18 and 21 years old with the same flaming red hair that Monica had. She wore a simple, pink strapless tube style gown that reached the floor and hung nicely on her thin frame. The look on my face must have given me away. "That's Monica's sister Dianne," Emma leaned forward and whispered in my ear. When Dianne was standing next to the arch, Penny came out. She looked phenomenal. Her hair was pulled back into a bun and her makeup was light. There was a flower behind her right ear. She was wearing the same dress as Dianne only in a light purple color and accented by gloves that extended past her elbow. She was every bit the lady and my breath was taken away. Once Penny was at the arch, Monica was escorted out by her father. She had on a very plain white dress with very thin straps. The dress was shimmery and fell almost to the floor, but had a long slit on the left side, almost to her hip. Her father left her at the arch without raising her veil. Monica waited, as we all did, for Nicholette to arrive. Nikki did not keep us waiting as her father escorted her towards the arch. Her dress was a little more extravagant, strapless with rhinestones and a long train. Nikki also had on white gloves past her elbow. She looked sexy yet elegant. Her father joined her hand with Monica's before taking his seat, also without raising her veil. We all watched with great curiosity and wonder as Nikki and Monica raised each other veils and then proceeded together through the arch towards the small podium. We were seated as the ceremony commenced. We watched and listened as the justice of the peace conducted the ceremony flawlessly. He was very gracious and kind with his words. He did not look at all uncomfortable with the nature of the union and it was rather touching the way he spoke about love between two people, be it any two people. The ceremony lasted only about twenty minutes and concluded with Nikki and Monica exchanging a short, appropriate kiss before heading back up the aisle, followed closely by Penny and Dianne. While the four ladies disappeared to take pictures and freshen up, the rest of us moved into the room next door to the room the ceremony was held in for the cocktail hour. As we were all gathered around a table, drinks and finger food in hand, my curiosity began to get the better of me and I asked Emma about the reception that was to follow. "Em, how traditional is this reception going to be," I inquired.

"Well, tell me what you consider traditional," she challenged me. "Honestly, it would be a big, northeastern, Italian-American wedding," I admitted. "That's what I am used to. That's what I come from." "Was your wedding like that," Leslie asked me. Jack looked up from his rum and coke, surprise covering his face. I don't think he knew that I had been married. "Of course it was," I revealed. "Right down to canoli's they served for dessert." "This is going to be a bit lower key," Emma explained. "You'll see." "So am I the only one that put money in a card as a gift," I posed. "No, you are not," I heard a booming voice say from behind me. I turned to see Bill and Bonnie standing there. I was very surprised, not having seen them during the ceremony. Bill and I exchanged handshakes and he pulled me in for a half sort of guy hug. I kissed Bonnie on the cheek; she was really a lovely woman with a very warm personality. They made it so easy to enjoy their company. It was really great to see them. "How was your trip home," Bill asked. "It was outstanding," Brooke answered for me across the small table we were all standing at. "That's great," Bill replied, winking once at Brooke before turning back to me. "It's good to see you kid." "I feel the same way, Bill," I said. "It's always my pleasure." We finished our pleasantries and enjoyed a few more drinks before heading into the reception room. As we entered, I noticed that there were four tables set up to be seated at, one at each corner of the small dance floor. The DJ had his booth set up at the top of the floor. Everyone seemed to know where they were sitting. I followed Vivian, assuming I was sitting with her and the other ladies. The tables were small, set for only 6 people each. This was not the size of a wedding I was used to at all. At the table to the top left of the dance floor were Nikki, Monica and both sets of parents. The table at the top right had Dianne and who I assumed were members of the families. Our table was the bottom left, containing myself, Vivian, Leslie, Brooke, Mindy and Penny. The table at the bottom right was Emma, Jack, Bill, Bonnie, and a couple I did not recognize. When we sat, there was a salad waiting on the table for each of us. Before we began eating, both Penny and Dianne made short, thoughtful toasts to the new couple. Conversation was light while we ate. Between the salad and the main course there was a lot of dancing. It seemed that my dance card was full and that each lady wanted her turn. I even made time to dance with Emma and Bonnie. I was on a roll and really enjoying myself. Penny too was on a roll, I noticed, as she fired back drink after drink.
 We sat down as they served dinner and our table was mixed in several conversations, all of which came to a crashing stop when Penny put out her challenge for the evening. Penny had had more than a few drinks already and seemed to be in a very playful mood. "Ok, time for tonight's competition," Penny announced with a giggle and a hiccup. "Is everyone ready?" "What's the prize," Leslie asked cautiously. "Tonight with him," Penny answered as she slipped a hotel room key into the pocket of my suit jacket. "Since you all have put in so many requests for his time, tonight's winner gets room 721 all night. All you have to do is catch the bouquet." "Done," Vivian announced with concrete confidence. "Wanna bet," Brooke challenged her. "I am younger and faster than both of you," Mindy chimed in. That is when things took a turn. "You are still not part of this game young lady," Leslie chastised her. "Why not," Mindy pouted. "I am old enough, hot enough and certainly willing enough." "But you are not ready," Penny said to her softly, between hiccups. "I have had him once already," Mindy reminded everyone. "That was part of a deal, that did not make you part of the game," Leslie cemented. "THIS IS BULLSHIT," Mindy exclaimed rather loudly. The room seemed to quiet down a little in order to hear what was going on at our table. "Melinda Bell," Brooke chastised her in a whispering tone that was very much like a yell. "We are at a formal event so act like a lady." Mindy sat back in her chair and crossed her arms like a 5 year old. While we ate the main course, both Nikki and Monica danced with their fathers. This was rather traditional and quite nice to see. The DJ was very laid back and just sort of let the small party go where it wanted to musically. The diversity and eclectic variety of his selections made me chuckle to myself on more than one occasion. The party wound down after that with coffee and cake being served. There was no cutting of the cake as I was used to, though I was adjusting to the slower pace of this event. As we sat eating cake, the DJ announced that it was time for Nikki to throw her bouquet. Mindy huffed and puffed as she went up with the other single ladies to the dance floor. The small gathering behind Nikki was ready when she launched the bouquet over her head and high into the air. I watched the ladies move in what seemed like slow motion towards the flying flowers. The women crashed together under it and it appeared to touch several hands before a few of the women let out sighs of disappointment. They parted, as if on cue, to allow the winner to emerge. I was surprised to see Penny holding the small bundle of flowers in her hand when the dust settled. It was rather arousing watching them all fight for my time. After the competition was settled, the women made their way to the bar for a drink. I saw the ladies fire back several shots each to congratulate Penny, who now appeared to be feeling the effects of the great volume of alcohol she had consumed. Penny stumbled and sway from the bar back to our table. I grabbed her hand and guided her to her seat. She looked at me curiously before speaking. "You are so cute," she slurred. "I know why all these girls like you." "Thank you," I said. "Maybe it's time we go upstairs." "You just wanna get me in bed because," Penny hiccupped, "because," hiccup, "because I am one great lay." With the end of her statement, her head crashed onto her arms on top the table. I looked at my watch and saw that it was after 10pm. Sensing that Penny was done for the evening, I swiftly walked to Nikki and Monica's table to give them the card I had for them. I congratulated their parents and wished them a wonderful honeymoon before retreating to collect Penny. I hoisted her out of her seat and placed one arm around her waist. I walked her to the door and then immediately to the elevator. I found room 721 and escorted Penny inside quickly. She flopped immediately onto the bed. I sat in the chair next to the bed, keeping an eye on her. "Why is the room spinning," she asked me. "How much did you drink," I asked her in response. "A lot," she admitted before she completely lost consciousness. I checked to make sure she was alright, which she was, breathing easily. I gingerly removed her shoes and then her dress. Much to my amusement Penny was wearing a purple pair of thong panties that matched her dress perfectly. I carefully undid her hair from the bun it was in and removed the pins one at a time. When I was sure that she was comfortable, I lifted her head to one of the pillows and tucked her in with the sheet. I sat there for a long while and watched her sleep. She was a peaceful angel. I felt the anguish of the internal tearing that was going on. My heart was fighting itself. I was head over heels for Brooke but Penny, my Penny, continued to captivate and amaze me. As the battle raged on within me, I placed my head down on my folded arms on the desk and fell asleep. I awoke when I began to choke from my necktie. I undid it and placed it on the back of the chair I was sitting in. I then discarded my jacket as well. I looked to the bed where Penny was still sleeping peacefully. I kicked off my shoes and crawled into the bed next to her. I didn't want to disturb her so I did not touch her, though I watched her sleep until I drifted off again.

The next time I awoke the bed next to me was empty aside from a folded piece of hotel stationary on the pillow next to me. I opened it and read the following note: Got a ride home with Vivian. I owe you one.

I smiled and pried myself out of bed. It was well after 10am. I threw on my shoes and jacket, and then headed for home. I knew I looked like a mess when I got the valet station and they made faces at me indicating that I was indeed a disaster. I jumped behind the wheel and headed home, desperately needing a shower. When I got home there were no cars in the driveway. As I made my way inside, the house appeared empty, which was fine with me as I was exhausted.

I made my way to my room and got undressed. I grabbed a fresh towel and headed for the shower. I let the water wash over and had grand thoughts of getting some rest today. I finished and dried myself, then headed for my room with my towel around my waist. When I reached it, there was a surprise waiting for me. I opened the door to my room to see Penny lying on my bed, wearing nothing but a sexy pair of black, knee high boots with a spike heel. I stared at her for a long moment.

"Do you like them," she asked me. "Nikki got them for me for being her maid-of-honor."

"They are very nice," I replied. "How are you feeling?"

"I have a major hangover," she admitted. "But I refuse to let it stop me from claiming my winnings from last night."

Her eyes shifted to the floor in front of my bed where Nikki's bouquet was sitting. That was her trophy and I was her prize, who was I to say no. I let my towel fall to the floor, exposing my rigid shaft to her.

"You do like them," she giggled. "Come take me."

I did not say another word. I darted across the room and climbed on top of Penny on my bed. I kissed her gently while she guided my stiff rod to her gash. I forced myself inside her roughly; she was not as wet as I would have thought she would be. I worked my tool carefully until it slid inside of her and her juices began to lubricate it. She wrapped her legs, boots and all, around me as I pounded into her. I fucked her fast and hard, plunging my cock inside her over and over again. Her expressions were not the ones I was used to. I watched her gasp and fight off nausea at the same time.

Her face was filled with pleasure one moment and discomfort the next. She would not look at me as I thrust my pecker into her vagina over and over again. I attempted to kiss her but she turned her head away and I saw a single tear run across her cheek. I stopped moving, not knowing what to do. I did not want to go on if she was not up to it.

Penny sensed my hesitation and grabbed my ass cheeks with her hands. She began trying to force me inside of her.

"Please fuck me," she cried out. "Please, please, please."

I did not know what to do so I did as she asked. I continued to pump my pole into her box over and over again, at a much slower, deliberate pace, in case she wanted to stop. Penny still would not look at me as I entered her again. I reached my climax shortly, giving her a small, very weak load as I came. I fell to the bed next to her and did not move. It was a very strange experience and I was exceptionally confused.

Penny curled her body up next to me and did not make a sound. I put my arm around her and held her for a very long while without speaking.

"Pen, what was with the crying," I asked, finally breaking the silence near a half hour later.

"I'm sorry," she whispered.

"For what," I wondered aloud.

"I should have been better for you," she cried softly. "I wanted to be better but I feel like shit from last night. I am so sorry. Please forgive me. Please."

"Penny, there is nothing to forgive," I said. "Where is all this panic coming from?"

"I know I should have been hotter and sexier for you," she stated. "I am so sorry. Please, please don't be mad."

"Sweetheart, calm down," I told her as she started to shake in my arms. "I am not upset. You don't have to be anything you are not for me. I know you are not feeling well, I put you to bed. Remember? Why are you so rattled? What has gotten you like this? Please tell me."

She continued to shake as I held her but she was no longer crying.

"Pete made me like this," she declared coldly, her tears and sobs now gone. "The first time I told him that I loved him it was after we made love. He told me if any man was ever gonna love me that I needed to be hot and sexy in bed. He said that if I let my game slip that no man would ever love me."
