 After massaging my wet, swollen clit to the point of maximal stimulation, he stopped and got up leaving me begging for more. As I continued laying there in front of the fire, my nipples hard and firm and my vaginal juices flowing from his intense erotic stimulation, he asked me to go back to the loveseat with him. He removed my skirt and gently positioned me sitting in the middle of the seat and slid my buttocks down to the edge and spread my legs open as wide as they would go. He lifted my hands up and placed them behind my head fully exposing my body to him. He walked over to the liquor cabinet and returned with a bottle of Sambuca. Just the sight of the bottle of Sambuca caused my entire body to tingle. Before he could say anything, I let out a low moan. He kissed me firmly on the lips and then whispered in my ear, “Care for a body shot?” Before my mouth could say yes, my body had already begun answering his question.

Chapter 2.

He opened the bottle of Sambuca and set it on the floor next to him. He positioned himself on his knees between my legs and began licking my inner thighs. He again began to finger my clit and tease the opening of my vagina as my juices continued to freely flow out of my freshly shaven cunt. As I began to moan with pleasure, he grabbed the bottle of Sambuca and drizzled it over my now throbbing, engorged clit as he firmly held my legs open and began vigorously licking and sucking his “shot” of Sambuca off of my clit and surrounding vaginal area. His repetitive licking and sucking of the Sambuca and my vaginal juices, combined with the warm sensation of the Sambuca on my skin, brought me to a level of sensation and ecstacy that I had never experienced with anyone before. I lost total control of myself as he helped himself to a total of 4 “body shots”.

I began to cum over and over again. The sensation was so intense that I almost lost consciousness as he licked and sucked and firmly held my body against the loveseat allowing me not to move. He watched me pant and moan. Every fiber in my body was tingling and fully stimulated. I was breathless and motionless. Realizing my loss of control, he began to continue to stimulate me more and more by massaging and squeezing my breasts and nipples, licking and sucking my soaking wet cunt, and gently fingering my vagina, but not entering it. My body felt like it was on fire. My moaning became so loud that it temporarily aroused me from my state of passion and emotion. At this point, he began to slow down his pace until he finally stopped leaving me completely drained and exhausted.

As I lay limp on the loveseat, he gently laid me back on the floor and straddled my upper body. My vision was slightly blurred from my prior stimulation from him. His cock was large and hard. He placed several pillows behind my head. He slowly moved his cock over my mouth as his juices dripped softly over my lips and face. He grabbed the bottle of Sambuca and drizzled it over his cock and firmly began to fuck my mouth while I reflexly began lapping and sucking the Sambuca off of him. After I had my 4 “body shots” from him, I was completely relaxed which dampened my gag reflex. By now he was groaning from his intense stimulation and began thrusting his cock in my mouth over and over again, faster and faster, hitting the back of my throat with each thrust. He tightly squeezed my nipples as his balls hit my chin. He continued until he couldn’t take it anymore and his warm cum rushed down the back of my throat. I continued to lick him clean. He slowly got off of me and lifted me back over to the loveseat where he laid on his back and positioned me on my back on top of him with the crack of my ass over his penis, my head resting on his shoulder as he held me tightly with one arm beneath my breasts while gently stroking my cunt with his other hand. I was listless from the heights that he had taken me to. I knew from that point on that I was under his spell and would never be able to exist without him. Several times during the night, I awoke and softly whispered his name almost as if to check to see if what had happened was real. He softly whispered in my ear that it was very real and that he was still with me. He softly lulled me back to sleep with his gentle caress and his soft voice. We awoke the next morning in the same position.

To be continued……….. Please provide your feedback of this story. This is only the second story that I have written. 