 Chapter 07 -- Sister Act

As the week progressed, Penny seemed to be her old self around the house. Each night when I arrived home from work she was in great spirits and always happy to see me. Vivian had joined us at home again after her mom had left town. Our home life was getting back to the pleasant way it had begun and I was enjoying it. It seemed the two women I was living were always smiling, which was such an easy dynamic to operate in. I certainly had my reservations about the fragile state Penny might truly be in and I worried about the fact that Vivian was so crazy about me that it might be too much for her, but home was an enjoyable place for the time being.

Friday morning as I was getting ready for work, there was a knock on my bedroom door. Our interaction in the mornings had been light and pleasant, so this gesture seemed a bit more personal and specific. I wondered which one of them it might be, but really, it didn't matter.

"Come in," I invited whichever one of them it was.

The door swung open slowly and Penny peaked her head into my room. I smiled at her gingerly as she continued to enter.

"Good morning," I said softly.

"It's always a good morning when I get to see you," she responded as she walked across the room and threw her arms around me.

She drew herself into me with a firm hug. She seemed very content just holding me. She looked lovely in her black skirt suit with pinstripes. She also had on black stockings and black ballet flats. Penny was adorable sometimes and this was clearly one of those moments.

"I have an assignment for you tonight," she sighed, still holding me.

"Ok, lay it on me," I encouraged her.

"You have to go to Leslie's," she instructed me. "Be there by 7pm."

"Consider it done," I confirmed. "Any insight on what the actual assignment is?"

"You know that you don't get any details ahead of time," she reminded me with a chuckle. "I will say that you will enjoy yourself and someone else will learn a valuable lesson."

With that she released her grip on me and disappeared from my room. I finished getting ready, hearing Penny's car pull away from the house. Her words were stuck in my head, ringing in my mind; someone else will learn a valuable lesson. What the hell did that mean? For the life of me I could not put that one together. It consumed my mind for my entire ride to the office. I really wanted to know what that meant. Once I reached work my attention shifted to the tasks at hand for the day and the thought was forgotten.

I buzzed through my day and was quite surprised when I looked at the clock and it was after 6pm. I looked up from my desk and discovered that the office was empty. This was not at all a surprise; since it was Friday the departures often began right after lunch. I closed out what I was working on and headed for the car. 

The drive to Leslie allowed me to resume thinking about what Penny had said this morning. Who was going to be taught a lesson? And how? And why? I was again consumed by this notion that I could not decipher. As I pulled up in front of Leslie's house, I noticed Brooke's car in the driveway. Was Brooke the one that was going to be learning the lesson? I was letting my mind runaway with my thoughts.

I tried to gather myself as I exited the car and approached the front door. I rang the bell and was rather surprised when Mindy answered. She looked fantastic, wearing a black thin strapped tank top and denim shorts. She was barefoot and really captivated me in that moment. She ushered me inside, smiling the entire time. I gave her a hug and then was curious as to what was going on with her.

"Aren't you supposed to be back at school," I inquired.

"I leave first thing tomorrow," she informed me. "It's good to see you."

"It's good to see you too," I admitted. "How are you doing?"

"I am doing very well, thank you," Mindy responded. "My greats are perfect, people love me and I am making some progress with my mother. Things are going well, except for that bullshit the other night at the wedding. I am still pissed about that."

"I am glad things are going well," I told her. "You may want to let that wedding thing go. You may also want to let go of wanting to be in this game. It's not for you. You must know that."

"Don't be so sure about that," she remarked.

"Why do you say that," I asked.

"I was told that you and I are to wait in the living room for tonight's events," she revealed.

I followed Mindy into the living room. She took a seat on one of the big chairs towards the back of the room, while I seated myself on the edge of the couch facing her. She was all smiles as we waited for whatever was to come. I watched her sit very comfortably as we waited. She was a lovely girl, there was no denying that, but I still thought this game might be too much for her at her age.

The all together too familiar snap of heels on the hardwood stairs snapped me back to reality. I listened as the sounds got louder and closer until Leslie came into full view in the living room. There were few words to describe who incredible she looked. She was wearing a mint green lace bra and matching panties. She had on black patent leather 4 inch pumps to compliment her underwear choice. My cock began to swell immediately upon seeing her.

Leslie moved to the area immediately between Mindy and me. She looked from me to Mindy and back again. I could not take my eyes off of her. She placed one hand her hip and addressed us.

"Are you two ready," Leslie asked generally.

"Ready for what," I wondered aloud.

"For the lesson that is about to be taught," she snapped.

I immediately thought back to Penny's words from this morning. Someone else will learn a valuable lesson. Was that someone about to turn out to be me? I didn't think this was supposed to be the case. Before I could ponder this any longer, I heard the snap of another set of shoes on the stairs. Leslie smiled widely as the sound drew closer to us with each snap. My eyes widened when Brooke came into view. 

She had on a black velvet bra and matching panties. Her heels were 4 inch maroon pumps and her hair was done very big, as was Leslie's. I had no words at that moment. Brooke moved to Leslie's side and rested her chin on Leslie's shoulder.

"Look at him," Brooke said referring to me. "He's ready."

"Is she," Leslie asked.

Brooke looked from me to her niece Mindy, still sitting in the chair.

"I guess we won't really know that until this little lesson is over," Brooke stated.

"Would one of you tell me what the fuck is going on," Mindy yelled as she stood from the chair she had been seated in.

"Cool your jets, princess," Brooke halted her.

Brooke moved in front of Leslie and then sat on my lap on the edge of the couch.

"Your aunt Brooke, Penny, Emma and I had a long discussion after your little outburst at the wedding," Leslie declared. "Penny thought you needed to be punished while Emma thought you needed to be educated."

"Where do they get off deciding what I need," Mindy snapped.

"They don't," Brooke agreed. "Unless you truly want to be a part of this game. A 100% full time player. I told them you didn't but your aunt Leslie believed you should be allowed to make that decision yourself."

Mindy stopped in her tracks. The wind was gone from her sails. She didn't know what to say at this point. She looked confused and somewhat scared, like a little girl, until a very large grin spread across her pretty face.

"What do I have to do," she asked calmly.

"Easy," Leslie exclaimed. "All you have to do is sit through this lesson and then if you still want to be part of this game, you will be reviewed fully for membership. No bullshit, no other jumping through hoops nothing."

"So this lesson is punishment then," Mindy asked gingerly.

"Somewhat," Brooke giggled from my lap.

I knew, at that moment, what was to follow. I had been part of this before. Emma had taught Vivian this small lesson and that hurt to be part of. Emma had softened considerable since then, but Penny was exceptionally pissed at the wedding. This could be very ugly. I was very unsure of how I would feel at the end of this evening.

"So I endure tonight and I get a chance to play," Mindy recapped. "That's the deal?"

"That is indeed the deal," Leslie confirmed. "Take it or leave it. Right now."

Mindy looked at Leslie for a long moment in silence and then nodded. She turned around and sat in the chair once again. Brooke saw this and put her hands on my face. She kissed me gently and softly. It was wonderful. I loved kissing her like that. I noticed Leslie staring at us kissing. She seemed surprised by what she was seeing. Leslie's gaze was too much for me so I closed my eyes. Brooke kissed me for a long time and while I had my eyes closed I heard Leslie begin lecturing Mindy.

"You see Mindy," Leslie began, "your aunt Brooke is being gentle, but she can handle the times when it gets rough too."

Brooke stopped kissing me and stood up from my lap. She pulled me off the couch so I was standing with her and she began to tear my cloths off. She ripped my shirt, causing the buttons to fly all over the room and my belt stood no chance as she removed it with one motion. She yanked my pants down and tossed them to the side. My boxers and socks followed them into a pile. I stood, naked, with a raging hard-on in front of these three gorgeous women.

"You have to be rough and gentle," Leslie continued. "Flexibility and adaptability is a key in playing this game. You have to be giving."

Mindy seemed to be listening intently as Brooke knelt down in front of me and began licking my stiff shaft. She ran her tongue up and down my length. I was in heaven as Brooke bathed my pecker with her tongue. She then stuffed my dick into her mouth and began to swallow it. Brooke engulfed me until she gagged. She worked me pole between her lips again and again. I was loving it and then she stopped.

"Sometimes you have to be playful," Leslie added.

Brooke stood in front of me and turned her back on me. She bent over and removed her panties slowly, sliding them down her legs and around her sexy heels. She tossed them to me and laughed. Brooke bent over again and spread her ass cheeks, showing me her asshole and pussy. I wanted her.

"Sometimes you have to be demanding," Leslie furthered.

"Get in there and lick my pussy," Brooke yelled at me.

I was shocked by her change in tone and demeanor. I hesitated.

"What are you waiting for," Brooke barked. "I said lick my pussy."

I moved to her and got on my knees. I helped her spread her ass cheeks and lapped at her twat with my tongue. She was soaked and my tongue enjoyed her wet spot. I licked her lips and inserted my tongue inside her as deep as I could. She tasted wonderful and I was not about to stop.

"His job is to do as he is told," Leslie pointed out to Mindy.

I continued to lick Brooke's box feverously. I lapped at it and traced her lips gently and roughly. The more I licked her, the more flooded her twat seemed to become.

"Then there are times you improvise and do what feels right at that moment," Leslie said.

Brooke pulled away from me and turned to face me. She kissed me deeply, devouring me with her mouth. She seemed determined to taste herself on my tongue as she consumed me.

"Now, sometimes you need to be selfish," Leslie continued to educate her niece.

Brooke broke our kissing and pulled me to the floor. She laid me on my back and then climbed on top of me. She straddled my engorged member and inserted inside her wet vagina. Brooke balanced herself on her heels and began to ride me hard. She rocked up and down taking my length inside of her again and again. She moved fast as she worked my cock. Brooke moaned and I thought I heard Mindy gasp as Brooke continued to fuck me forcefully. I grunted as Brooke screamed while she continued. I knew my climax was coming soon.

"And sometimes you have to share," I heard Leslie say.

Brooke then stopped and climbed off of me. I noticed that Leslie was also on the floor on her back. Her head was near my thighs. Brooke pulled me up onto my knees and grabbed my shaft. She tugged it roughly and quickly until I sprayed my batch all over Leslie's face. I shot stream upon stream onto Leslie's cheeks, lips, eyes and hair. Every spurt that hit her felt better than the last. It was a very intense orgasm. I did not move afterward. I watched Brooke lick the cum from her sister's face. I was in awe. Brooke cleaned Leslie completely and swallowed my entire load like a champ.

"You see," Brooke picked up where Leslie had left off, "this game is multifaceted. You have to sure you can handle it all."

I looked to Mindy who was staring at her aunt Leslie, still lying on the floor. I looked down at Leslie as well, remembering the jizz that was just on her pretty face and beginning to get hard again.

"I don't know, Les," Brooke continued. "I am not sure she got it. Do you think we should really drive our point home?"

Leslie sprang from the floor to her feet and bent over in front of me. She too removed her panties, sliding them down her long legs and around her sexy heels. She tossed them to her niece and then got down on all fours in front of me.

"Sometimes, Melinda, you just want to get fucked," Brooke announced.

"So get over here and fuck me," Leslie called to me.

I did not waste a single second as I positioned myself behind Leslie. I placed the head of my cock to Leslie's opening. I eased my way inside of her and slowly withdrew my length. Leslie growled at me with impatience.

"Sometimes he can be playful too," Brooke conveyed to Mindy.

Hearing that, I grabbed Leslie's hips and thrust my pole into her cunt violently. Our flesh slapped together loudly and Leslie let out what sounded like a sigh of relief. I continued to inject my rod into her powerfully. Leslie winced and moaned with every pump of my pecker into her box. I was pounding her pussy with blunt force as I continued to fuck her aggressively. I felt my climax nearing as I brutalized Leslie's body again and again.

"Mindy, I know you were with him, but can you handle this kind of action," Brooke asked her niece.

Mindy said nothing as our eyes locked. I thrust harder into Leslie, knowing Mindy was paying close attention.

"And sometimes," Brooke added, "we have to give him what he likes too."

Leslie pulled away from me and Brooke laid down on the carpet in front of me. Leslie grabbed my cock with her hand and began to pump my prick for all it was worth. Brooke presented her sexy heels in front of my rod as Leslie worked it with her fingers. It didn't take long for my orgasm to arrive. I unleashed multiple blasts from my shaft. Leslie pointed my dick at Brooke's shoes and I covered them in cum. I unloaded a large, thick batch onto the maroon heels, shooting each spurt harder than the last after seeing my goo on her shoes.

When Leslie had milked my dick dry, I could not move. I stayed there, on my knees, staring at the deposit I had just made on to Brooke's shoes. I could not remember being more sexually satisfied. Brooke smiled at me and then turned her attention back to her niece.

"I think we have given you enough to think about tonight," Brooke said to Mindy.

"Take some time to decide if you can handle everything we have educated you on," Leslie added. "You can let us know your decision at a later time."

Mindy said nothing. She stood from the chair she was sitting in and began to leave the living room. She stopped just before she reached the hallway and turned around. She walked forcefully back towards us, stopping when she reached Brooke. Mindy bent down on one knee and ran her index finger over Brooke's cum covered shoe. She placed her jizz soaked finger to her lips and licked it clean. She then winked at me and left the room. I heard her disappear up the staircase and the door to her room close.

Leslie disappeared after her niece, not following her but ready to call it a night. Brooke kept smiling at me as I dressed, but did not say anything. She kissed me on the cheek and shut the front door behind me when I left. I drove home in bliss. That was one amazing and fulfilling lesson that just occurred.

When I reached home, Penny was waiting for me in the living room. I didn't say a word, I just walked past her and began to head up the stairs to my room to reflect on my evening.

"Did Miss Mindy get the message," Penny called to me as I was on the stairs.

"Loud and clear," I confirmed before continuing on.