 My wife, Carleen, and I had escaped the dreary Ohio winter for a short weekend in South Beach. I needed to be in South Florida for work the following week, so we decided to make the most of it by hitting the Art Deco district for the weekend. We both love the vibe of South Beach - the great restaurants and bars, the sunshine and of course the people watching. The weather was perfect for our winter escape so we decided to spend the early part of our day relaxing at the beach.

We arrived around 10:00am and were fortunate to find two beach chairs in the front row of what would eventually be a sea of beachgoers. Carleen looked great in her two-piece tankini. She has always been a bit modest in public and today was no exception, (but she doesn't need to be). She has a great figure that belies her 50 years. As we settled into our beach chairs, her 34C tits were reaching up towards the sun and when she rolled over to tan her back side, I got a great view of her tight ass. At only 5' 3", she may be too short to be a model, but she always gets noticed when we are out together. Carleen works out several times a week and her body is amazing. 

A few months ago, I confessed to her that I was bisexual. We had been having difficulty communicating and perhaps it was with the encouragement of our therapist, that I finally got up the nerve to tell her the truth about my sexuality. She was incredibly understanding. I didn't know if the revelation would wreck our marriage, but it ended up leading us to a whole new level of understanding and intimacy with each other. Carleen is 100% straight, but she allowed me to share my fantasies about men and would frequently point out guys she thought I would find attractive. 

Such was the case that morning at the beach. There were all kinds of people at the beach that weekend because of the celebrity food and wine festival and we enjoyed being surrounded by such an international crowd. One of the beachgoers caught my wife's attention. He appeared to be Brazilian and he was at the beach with a hot woman and another couple. He was in his mid 30's with a chiseled body. He was about 5' 11" and wore a pair of neon orange trunks that clung to his manhood when he strolled from the water to his beach chair, not far from us. Handsome, with dark hair, dark eyes and an amazing smile. His upper body was completely shaven which showed off his perfectly tan muscles. So as not to be too obvious, Carleen sent me a text while we were sitting there to call my attention to our hot neighbor in the sand. The woman he was with was equally attractive and had an amazing ass. She had unstrapped her bikini top when she went to tan her back, but much to my disappointment, never showed off her tits like some of the other (much less attractive) women at the beach were doing that day.

Carleen and I exchanged sexy texts at the beach but nothing more. When we had finally had enough of the sun, we returned to our hotel to shower and get dressed for dinner. 

We had an amazing al fresco dinner that night and our waiter, Carlo was equally handsome to the hot Brazilian beachgoer. Carlo paid special attention to my wife during dinner. He spent time talking to her and making her feel like we were his only table. I certainly didn't mind his frequent visits as I appreciated his "assets" too. Carleen and I shared an attraction to Carlo but did not let on to him. After dinner, we were both feeling horny and decided to head back to our hotel for a nightcap and an evening of hot sex.

The bar at the Blue Moon Hotel is small and intimate. We settled into a couple of chairs at the bar and ordered a Cosmopolitan for Carleen and a Crown and Coke for me. The bar staff were great and we enjoyed chatting it up with the bartenders and the other hotel guests. 

We were on our second round of drinks when another couple came to the bar and sat in the two empty seats next to us. We were surprised and delighted to see they were the hot Brazilian couple from the beach! Carleen and I exchanged surprised looks at each other. After some trepidation, I introduced the two of us to our companions and learned their names were Lucas and Mariana. Luc and Ana were visiting from Rio. They were very friendly and the four of us chatted it up like we had been friends for years. We learned they were vacationing with Ana's sister and brother-in-law, but the other couple had decided to go to bed while Luc and Ana enjoyed a drink at the bar. Ana wore a little black dress with a deep cut neck that showed off her small, tanned tits. She wore 5" heels that lengthened her sexy legs and made her almost as tall as Luc. For his part, Luc was dressed in tight jeans and a black button down that clung to his shoulders and biceps. No doubt, they were a hot couple. 

After her first drink, Ana excused herself and said goodnight to us. Luc had decided to stay for another round and we continued to talk with him. It was obvious he was enjoying spending time with us and we shared stories of our families and lives in our respective countries. We all spoke about how much we liked the vibe in South Beach and the "anything goes" attitude. It was probably after my third Crown and Coke and full of liquid courage that I admitted to Luc that we had seen him earlier at the beach and that Carleen and I texted each other comments about how handsome and attractive he was. I think Carleen was a little surprised that I had confessed my man crush, but Luc seemed appreciative to have the admiration from both of us. 

"The beaches in the U.S. are very different than what we have in Brazil", he added. "Most of the time, Ana would not wear a top and often we would both be naked if we wanted no tan lines. No one cares about nudity in our country. Even the kids will be naked with their parents. It's not sexual, it's just considered normal." 

While I had known that women are often topless in other countries, I wasn't aware that nude beaches were commonplace. I boldly asked "What do you do if you get an erection? That would be embarrassing! With all of the hot bodies at the beach, there could be someone who turned you on." 

Luc didn't seem to think it posed a problem and if it did, he would just roll over on his stomach until it subsided. Carleen said she was glad she was a woman and didn't have to worry about such things. Luc and I both smiled at her comment since she would never understand how good a nice hardon feels.

Luc, who by now must have been feeling the effects of the alcohol too continued, "Sex in Brazil is more open too. We don't have the same perceptions Americans do. Sex is something that is done for fun and there aren't the taboos that Americans have. I had my first sex with a girl when I was 16. I was only 14 when I had my first sex with a boy. I have always had a great sex life, but Ana is my best friend and partner. We met when we were at university and have been together ever since. She can do amazing things with her mouth, if you know what I mean."

"She is beautiful. The two of you are an incredibly hot couple, but even better, you seem like nice people", Carleen added. Luc returned the compliment and said he was glad we had introduced ourselves. 

"So tell me about your sex life?" Luc questioned. 

It felt like an interview question. Where to begin? I guess it didn't matter if I told him the whole truth, since we didn't know any of the same people and lived in opposite hemispheres!

Carleen and I had our ups and downs over the years, but we were in a really good place now and the sex was amazing. I felt like I didn't have to hold anything back from her and could fantasize about men and women alike. For her part, she was far more likely to tell me what she wanted and was more vocal and expressive. She played along with my MMF fantasies but was concerned that if the fantasy ever became a reality, that it could harm our relationship. For as good as the sex was, our emotional connectedness was even better. Neither of us wanted to lose what we had worked hard to achieve.

I explained to Luc that while we enjoyed sex together regularly, we were pretty vanilla. "Neither of us grew up openly discussing our sex lives or sexual desires with other people", I explained. "We enjoy some role playing from time to time and we will occasionally share some porn together, but always in a private setting." 

Luc put his hand on my shoulder and said he understood. If we ever invited another man into our bedroom, it would have to be someone like Luc who turned us both on and, as importantly, was a nice guy. He told us that he and Ana had participated in group sex more than a few times in Brazil and usually it was a fun night of hedonism, but they had some bad experiences too where the other participants were demanding and selfish. 

Luc looked at Carleen and asked if she had ever had a sexual experience with another woman. "Never", Carleen replied and went on to explain that she wasn't judgmental of the women that do experiment, but it was never anything she desired for herself. She admired hot women like Ana, but women didn't do anything for her sexually.

Luc took a keen interest in Carleen's sexual fantasies and asked if she thought she would ever consider getting to know someone like him. Of course, I knew she found him attractive, but I didn't think she was ready yet to leap into the bed of another man, but I was instantly aroused at the thought of this handsome Latin stud seducing my wife. She appeared to be taken aback by his forward comment, but politely said that if she ever decided to have sex with another man, he would be the type of guy she wanted. That was all Luc needed to hear. His smile brightened up the dimly lit bar and he scooted his barstool a little closer to Carleen. 

Carleen interjected, "But the experience would not only be for me. I would want Mike to enjoy it too."

Luc agreed that the experience shared among a husband and wife could be very powerful. He continued to question why we hadn't yet experimented as a couple. For all of the alcohol we had consumed that night, we were running out of sober reasons to explain why we hadn't gone beyond our vanilla past to try a new flavor. 

Luc bought another round. By this time, I was horny as hell. Carleen's cheeks were flush and she was relaxed and enjoying the sexy conversation with our new friend. Carleen didn't resist when Luc put his hand on her back and began stroking her hair and neck. She glanced over at me and I gave her an approving smile. I think we both knew what was coming and it was then that I suggested we finish our drinks in our hotel suite. 

We gave the bartender a nice tip and stumbled down the hall toward our room. I put my hand on Luc's shoulder as we strolled. Though he was fully clothed, I could feel the fluid movement of his muscles with every step. He truly was a specimen of a man and I was so glad Carleen had spotted him at the beach. After fumbling for the door key, we entered our suite and Carleen was quick to kick off her heels. While she looked fantastic in her "fuck me" pumps, her feet were tired from a long day of walking in South Beach. Carleen went to the bathroom to freshen up and Luc and I had a moment to chat.

"Thank you for making my wife feel so beautiful tonight. I tell her all of the time how hot she is, but hearing it from you is an amazing gift to her ego. She is a wonderful woman and deserves to feel sexy and desirable."

Luc replied "I am glad to help, but I didn't say anything any other man wouldn't say. Carleen is a beautiful woman and I would like to get to know her better." With that Luc reached over and hugged me. It wasn't a grope, but the kind of hug your best man gives you on your wedding night. 

Carleen returned from the bathroom and nearly tripped before landing softly on the bed. She sat on the edge of the bed and I excused myself to use the restroom. When I returned, Luc had joined Carleen on the edge of the bed and was gently rubbing her back. I took the desk chair and sat across from them and finished my last Crown and Coke. I hadn't noticed that Luc had unzipped Carleen's dress until the strap fell off her left shoulder. She was nervous giggling like a school girl and gazing into Luc's eyes when he finally leaned in and kissed her.

At first it was just a peck. She hadn't returned the first kiss yet when Luc went in for another. This kiss lingered and I could see Carleen had closed her eyes as our Brazilian stud and the alcohol were melting away her inhibitions. Carleen looked over to me only briefly to see that I was enjoying their first kiss. I'm not sure she could tell how hard my cock was, but my dick had swollen as if it was my first kiss too. 

Carleen took her hand and reached for Luc's neck, pressing his lips to hers and letting his tongue slip into her mouth. By this time Luc's hand had slid from her back to her thigh, getting ever closer to the prize. The two of them had advanced from first base and were approaching second. Carleen stood up briefly and let her dress fall to the floor. She was wearing a red bra and matching thong. Her ass looked amazing as ever and Luc was treated to the view of her lingerie that until now had only been reserved for me. Carleen sat back down again, this time on Luc's lap and she resumed kissing his lips and neck. 

Luc's hands began to roam and I could see Carleen slowly spread her legs apart as Luc reached in with his right hand to tease her eager pussy. Carleen moaned as he pressed his fingers on her satin panties, soaking up her juices from her sweet snatch. Carleen unbuttoned his shirt to reveal the chiseled chest and arms we had been admiring earlier that day. She unfastened his belt and slid his jeans to the floor. Luc wore tight boxer briefs that showed every form of his manhood. His cock was fully erect and there was a wet spot from his precum near the waistband of his silver-gray boxer briefs. 

I gave up on my Crown and Coke and both of my hands were now busy adjusting my own hard member. I threw off my shirt and loosened my pants so that I could touch my cock with every moan coming from the bed. 

Carleen had gone from a melted state to one of increasing sexual voracity. I was completely turned on by watching my hot wife attacking our new friend with reckless abandon. 

Luc responded by pushing Carleen back onto the bed and mounting atop her. The two of them dry humped while Carleen reached up and grabbed around his waist, pulling him in close. Luc had obviously mastered the one handed bra release because soon her red brazier was thrown across the room toward me. Carleen's tits were now in full view, her nipples erect and ready for Luc's eager lips and tongue. I could hardly contain myself. One of my favorite moments when having sex with my wife is when her bra comes off. There's something about that initial glimpse of her beautiful breasts that makes me want to cum on the spot. 

I think Luc must have felt the same way. He teased her luscious breasts first with his fingertips, slowly circling her areola before engaging more and more of his fingers and then the palms of his hands. He caressed my wife's tits like they were prized possessions. I could tell by the way Carleen's breathing was getting heavy and her pelvis arching back and forth that Luc had every bit of her attention. She didn't notice when I took my cock out of my boxers and started stroking my hardened friend like I was watching the most entrancing movie I had ever seen.

Luc and Carleen were passionately kissing, swapping their tongues in each other's mouths when Luc started the move southward down her neck, then between her breasts and then pausing at the top of her moist thong panty. Luc took his right hand and stroked her clit through the fabric, causing Carleen to grind in pure pleasure. Carefully, he slid his hand between her thong and her love box, allowing each finger to greet her awaiting pussy. 

I couldn't stand being across the room any longer, so I moved in for a closer look. Carleen looked as sexy as I had ever seen her and I didn't want to miss out on what was coming up...or what was already up! I stood behind Luc and decided he could use a free hand.

"Mind if I help a brother out?" I asked, but before he could respond I started removing his boxer briefs. Luc's cock was fully erect and it took both hands to stretch his waistband over the tip of his 7" manhood. Luc's ass was everything I had imagined at the beach. Strong, smooth and without any indication of a tan line. It was obvious he had spent time in the sun au natural. I wanted to reach in and touch him, but I also didn't want to interrupt the amazing scene that was unfolding in front of me.

Luc pressed his package up against the fabric of Carleen's panties and slowly slid his engorged cock along the perimeter of her labia. Carleen's wrestled with what to do with her hands. I could see she wanted to touch his cock, but she resisted the urge and instead focused on the intense pleasure the physical contact was providing. I was standing next to Luc and put my hand on his back, then I leaned down and kissed Carleen passionately on the same lips that moments before had enticed our new Latin friend. 

Not only was I completely turned on, but I wanted Carleen to know that I was enjoying the moment along with her and she was welcome to encounter whatever came next. While I was kissing my sexy wife, I could feel Luc reach beneath her ass as he removed the last thin piece of fabric that separated his body from hers. Her pubic hair was neatly trimmed and the rest of her bikini line was shaved smooth. I wanted her for myself right then, but I also wanted the rest of my fantasy to play out.

Carleen's body shuddered the moment the tip of Luc's cock touched her glistening pussy lips. Her head rolled slightly to the side as she felt his cock penetrate her for the first time. She flinched as she felt another man's cock enter her body for the first time, but she didn't resist. Luc was gentle. He used his cock like a master artist uses a paint brush - mixing the strokes, both short and long to create a masterpiece. I watched intently as all 7 inches made its way into my wife's love canal. Carleen grabbed her breasts as the final inch or two disappeared into her body. 

Holy shit! Another man was fucking my wife and it was greatest turn on I could have imagined. Watching Carleen's body melt into total compliance as the young master redefined her sexual pleasure. My hand hadn't left Luc's back as I felt his muscles contract with each drive into my wife's pussy. The flex of his glutes mesmerized me as I continued to stroke my cock. To keep myself from shooting my load too soon, I removed my hand from my swollen member and used my fingers to circle Carleen's love button while Luc continued to penetrate her vagina. My wife's abdomen was now heaving up and down as the combination of Luc's cock and my hand raised her to a new plateau of sexual excitement. It didn't take long and Carleen experienced her first powerful orgasm. The expression in her eyes told me everything I wanted to know. She had freed herself of any self-consciousness and allowed herself to truly enjoy the physical pleasure of her body.

But Luc wasn't done and neither was I. I laid down on the bed next to my wife. "That was amazing Hun! You and Luc have me so hard. I can't imagine any porn stars putting on a better show than I just watched." She was still coming down from her orgasm and smiled in appreciation.

Carleen and I shared a long kiss. She smiled and said, "I think it's your turn."

I looked up from the bed and saw Luc leaning over both of us, his cock still fully erect and wet from my wife's juices. I stood up slowly and looked at Luc for an indication of what next. He stepped toward me and we embraced, our cocks pressed against each other, his longer than mine, but of equal girth. I dropped my hands from his back to his ass and pressed him close to me. Luc did the same and we shared a moment masturbating on each other's bodies. Luc then began kissing my neck. It was odd to feel a man's face nuzzled against my own, but it was exciting nonetheless. When our eyes finally met, we shared a long, but closed mouth kiss. Luc and I didn't fit together like Carleen and I did and it wasn't a gentle or loving kiss. But it was ripe with sexual energy and the beginning of my first experience with another man since I was a kid and would jack off with my brothers. 
