 I had just moved to Mississippi to go to medical school at Ole Miss when I met Liz. She was a 21 year old undergrad and I was a 30 year old med student, but we met at a campus bar and hit it off. She looked amazing that night; she was about 5'7", 135 lbs, killer body, great tits, nice legs, amazing ass and topped by a gorgeous face. She was wearing a tight, black little cami and a short black leather skirt with black knee boots. I thought I was going to cum in my pants when she approached me to talk. I bought her a beer and got her number.

We had gone out a couple times but hadn't slept together yet. I think she was waiting for the right time. So a few weeks after we started dating I picked her up in my truck and took her out to this place I knew in the woods by the river for a picnic. When I picked her up she was wearing a little western style button up shirt that didn't reach her waist, a micro-mini jean skirt and a pair of cowboy boots. From the time she got in the truck I don't think I took my eyes off of her legs, at one point she said, "I'm up here!". 

I just had to apologize and move on. It took about an hour to get out there and we had a good chat and listened to some good music. She sat in the middle right next to me and I had my hand on her leg almost the whole way. We talked about our week and some of our friends.

Soon enough we arrived at the spot, I threw the truck in park, went around and helped her out and we laid down a blanket near the water. I went back to the truck for the picnic basket. I laid down next to her, uncorked the wine and we ate a good meal. Pretty soon after the meal we started making out. We were moving kind of slow because we had just had a meal, so we'd stop, drink some more wine, talk, make out again and start all over.

Once we had laid there awhile, I moved the things aside and rolled over and we began making out again. I was running my hands all over her, it was hard not to. The truth is I didn't have enough hands to touch everything I wanted to touch. Our tongues were darting in and out of each other's mouths and her right hand was rubbing my cock through my jeans. I got her shirt unbuttoned and began kissing down her neck onto her chest. I reached around and unhooked her bra and threw her shirt and bra aside so I could take her nice 36C tits into my hands and mouth. I was licking and kissing all over her chest and stomach and she was beginning to purr a little.

She reached down and took my shirt off and began kissing all over me. As she was doing this, I reached up her skirt and moved her little g string aside and began fingering her tight little pussy. I rubbed her for a few minutes until she got good and wet and then I slipped a finger into her and she let out a little moan. She reached down and unhooked my belt, unbuttoned and unzipped my jeans and pushed them down to my knees. She rubbed my cock through my boxer briefs and she ground her pussy into my finger. I then slipped another finger into her and she moaned even louder.

I sat up, reached up her skirt, pulled her g string completely off and shoved my face into her dripping wet cunt. As I started licking her she flopped back on her back and begain squirming with pleasure. After a few minutes of licking and sucking her clit, I felt her start to shake a little bit and then she came violently for about ten seconds. 

She then shot upright, pulled my underwear down and started sucking my cock like crazy. This girl was good, slurping my cock like a pro. She was licking the head of my cock while looking me right in the eyes and then would take the head into her mouth sucking the head and then shoot straight down the shaft until she left lipstick marks on the base of my cock. She'd lick my taint, my balls and then slowly lick up the bottom of my shaft until she got back to the head.

I couldn't take too much of this and I wasn't going to squander the opportunity to shove my cock into her tight little snatch, so I pushed her away and took off my boots and she started playing with her pussy. I pulled my jeans and underwear off, slipped my boots back on and climbed on top of her, slowly pushing my cock into her wet pussy. She squirmed and winced telling me, "I've never had a cock this big, go slow at first okay?"

I nodded, began kissing her tits, neck and then her lips as I slowly pushed my cock deeper into her accepting cunt. Once I started moving it around a bit I started pushing harder and faster. Her pussy adjusted to my cock and she began moaning. I pumped in and out of her for a few minutes and then I started to feel her quake again, grabbing my ass, pulling me into her and she quietly moaned, "Baby, I'm cumming."

When she was done, I got off of her and walked her over to the bed of my truck. I bent her over the tailgate, pushed her skirt up over her hips and pushed my cock into her from behind. Again, I started slowly working my way into pumping hard and fast. She looked so sexy as I grabbed her ass tightly, thrusting hard into her, her tits shaking, her face contorting with pleasure. I grabbed her left leg and lifted it up onto the tailgate, I lifted my own left leg up behind hers, our boots interlocking, and began pushing myself into her deeper. She started to shake again and she cried out, "I'm cumming, oh baby, fuck me."

This time as she was shaking she drove me to the edge, her pussy clamping down on my cock even tighter, I could feel her pussy walls throbbing around me and I shot a huge load of cum deep into her pussy. I pulled out of her slowly and my cum started dripping out of her pussy and down her leg and onto the top of her boots. I felt a little bad about this and she was still catching her breath, so I bent down and licked my cum off of her boot and licked up the inside of her leg and she began to moan again. I licked all the way up to her pussy and licked her clean. She seemed prime for another one, so I just hoisted her up on the bed of the truck and spread her legs and began eating her pussy again. She came again really fast and then flopped back, hitting her head on the bed of my truck. 

After we rested a moment, we decided to hop in the river and skinny dip. We spent a lot of time in the water kissing, touching each other and enjoying each other. We then dried off, picked up our things, dressed and got in the truck to leave. 

As we started to drive away she immediately put her hand on my cock and rubbed me through my jeans. Before we even got out of the woods I pulled the truck over and we began going at it again. I fingered her pussy for a few minutes until she was good and wet again and then I pulled my jeans down and pulled her into my lap. We fucked for about another ten minutes, both of us cumming again. I allowed her to let my cum drip onto me and I intended to simply pull up my pants and drive home like that, but when she got off of me she immediately put her face in my lap and licked me clean, sucking on my cock and licking all my cum off of my cock, balls and pubes. 

Once she licked me clean, she kissed me hard and scooted back over to the other side of the truck with a smile and pushed her skirt back down and moved her g string back over her still dripping wet pussy (she left a puddle on the seat). We drove home, made plans to see each other again and after today, I made sure to call her the next day for a repeat performance!