 It was a warm evening, my heart was racing, my blood was hot and the butterflies in my stomach wouldn't rest. I was feeling anxious, nervous -- he knew me but would he like what he saw, when I truly showed him me.

I knocked on the door, he let me in. I walked into the room, it was nice, but more importantly he looked amazing. He came to me, handed me a glass of champagne and kissed me lightly on the mouth. The nerves I was feeling washed away in that instant. We sat down to enjoy our drinks, occasionally kissing, touching each other. The tension was building it was overwhelming. He stood, took hold of my hands and pulled me to my feet.

He led me into a candlelit bathroom. In the middle of the room there was a spa bath, large enough for two, full of bubbles, and behind that a large window framed a breathtaking view of the city lights. He turned me to him and undressed me. He removed my clothing slowly as if unwrapping a present. As each piece dropped to the floor he caressed the bare skin now exposed. I looked at him and noticed his erect cock straining against his jeans. As I was taking him in he undressed. When finished he took one of my hands and led me into the hot bath. 

I was standing in front of him when he guided me to sit between his legs. I leant back on his chest and he wrapped his arms around me. I closed my eyes and enjoyed the spa jets rush the bubbles around me. He picked up the soap and started to wash my stomach in smooth caresses. He moved and started lathering my tits with his soap covered hands. I could feel his cock getting harder against my back -- it was great he was finding this as erotic as I. He started concentrating on both my nipples lightly tugging at them, caressing them lightly then upping the pressure as my body responded to him. 

He slowly slid his hands down my bare skin, slowly and teasingly until he reached my pussy. He traced over my clit then slid his fingers deep inside me. My body shuddered in response. My body buried itself into his as he continued to work mine, the heat in my body increased. I was aching, wanting more when he removed his fingers from inside me. I turned around to face him, I wanted see him.

I sat between his legs and placed myself around his body. We leant into each other and kissed, it was deep, passionate and out of control. He wrapped his arms around my body and pulled me in close, the water splashed around us. Our mouths still connected, I placed my mouth around his defined body. I could feel his hardness against my pussy, aching to enter. 

My body was trembling with passion, the heat between us undeniable. I wanted him inside me deep and hard. But first this was about discovering each other. We continued to kiss, play and laugh, our bodies close, hands everywhere, surrendering to the other. I felt him place his hands under my legs and lift me against him then he lowered me, impaling me with pleasure as his cock entered me at last.

My whole body screamed in delight, I heard him moan. He pulled me in as close as I could be, he was so deep, and then we were just still. Getting lost in this one moment in time. After a moment I started moving, rocking on him. The movement sent waves through my body, and I could tell through his to. 

He positioned me so he could thrust in and out of me. The water lapped around our bodies as we moved in unison, the heat from the bath added to the heat that was rising through our bodies. With every motion my climax was building, he moaned out in pleasure, my body rocked with his. Then with one hard thrust we both came together. We stayed in each others arms for a moment then both collapsed, him against the bath and me into him.

We lay together, relaxing enjoying each others company, catching up, regaining our energy. The water started to cool -- it was time to get out. He got out first, took hold of my hand to help me out then wrapped me in one of my oversize king size towels. He told me to stand still. I watched him dry himself off -- I enjoyed watching him naked. His body was muscular, the definition on just his arms spread warmth through my body. After he had finished he dropped his towel to the floor, walked over and started to dry me. 

He was gentle and attentive. Careful with every part of my body he dried me completely occasionally biting, licking and kissing as he pleased. It was an erotic experience that was making my knees buckle and my body started to ache and my pussy swell. I was feeling insatiable. This was only the beginning of a long night. I wanted him again -- I wanted it slow, sensual, selfish and endless.