 by greatkahn & Tepperchick

War had not visited this part of the country for many years. It did not creep up silently nor did it suddenly appear. It was expected, almost welcomed by the citizens of the South. Men eagerly joined the forces of the Confederated States with gusto. Things had not gone so well for the rebels though. General William Tecumseh Sherman invaded Georgia with the firm intent of sending the state straight to hell. What he did not expect was the collateral damage caused by his men, in which no civilian, crop, or animal was spared. 

Annabelle Montgomery sat on the porch of Oak Tree Manor, nestled in the Georgian countryside near Augusta, staring out into the sunset and contemplating Sherman's dastardly actions. She was lost in thought when Thomas, one of her father's few remaining slaves, ran up to her. Out of breath, he informed her that he saw men dressed in blue uniforms near the house. She hurried to the second-story balcony to see for herself. She was greeted to the sight of Union soldiers approaching her home. Panicked, she told Thomas to alert the other slaves and meet her on the porch. Then she hid what valuables were left in the house in the cellar and went outside to warn off the soldiers.

As he approached Oak Tree Manor, First Lieutenant Robert Andrews hardly noticed the palatial white house or the slaves hurriedly congregating on the porch. All of his attention was drawn to the young, beautiful lady of the house. She had thick, chestnut brown hair pinned up simply, as if she had done it herself. Her white dress was modest and slightly tattered. Obviously her family had once been wealthy but was suffering many hardships due to the war. She wore a tired look complemented by ferociousness in her eyes. Aside from a few slaves, she seemed to be alone.

Andrews and Captain Hadley dismounted from their horses and climbed the steps to the porch, their company a few yards behind them.

"Miss, we seem to be a bit lost. Where are we?" Captain Hadley inquired.

"You, sirs, are at my father's estate. Augusta is about five miles that way." Annabelle pointed north, "Now take your men and go, because you most certainly are not welcome here," Annabelle finished with an acid tone.

Andrews was startled by her feisty demeanor, but remained silent. Hadley replied, "Miss— "

"Montgomery. My name is Annabelle Montgomery."

"Miss Montgomery, you seem to misunderstand your situation," Hadley began, a predatory gleam in his eye. "We are not asking if we are welcome. Since it is already night, my men and I are staying here until we receive word from my commanding officers, whether you like it or not. Now you can make this easy on everybody and stand aside, or I am sure my men can find something to do with a pretty girl like yourself."

The First Lieutenant could hardly believe his ears. Hadley was used to getting what he wanted and he abused his position to get what he desired, but even he had his limits in place. Before this, the worst offense Hadley had committed was forcing a prostitute to service his mutinous men before they rebelled. But Hadley's actions against this innocent maid were unwarranted. 

Andrews stepped forward, as if to guard Annabelle from his superior. "Sir, I must protest your treatment of this young lady. You must remember that even though we are at war, we are first and foremost gentlemen and must behave accordingly." 

Hadley stared at Andrews in disbelief. "You audacious little shit! You dare speak to me in such a way in front of my men?" He paused to compose himself from his outburst. "Very well. Why don't you show this woman what a gentleman you can be?"

"What do you mean by that? What's going to happen to me?" Annabelle asked, desperate for information.

"Don't worry, little Miss Montgomery. You will be in the care of First Lieutenant Robert Andrews," Hadley said with a devious smirk.

"Sir, I would never violate such an innocent woman. She has done nothing wrong. This is not the proper conduct of an officer, and it would not do for your superiors, let alone your wife, to find out about your behavior with civilians."

"Either you follow my orders, or your family will suffer for it while you think about it in prison. Insubordination is a crime, you know." Hadley's hand went to his holster for his revolver. He wore a calm demeanor on his face.

"I shall take my chances," Andrews stated firmly.

"Tie her up, then," Hadley yelled to his men. The slaves bowed their heads in helplessness as Annabelle was hoisted over the shoulder of a large man and carried to a column on her porch. Hadley stripped off his belt and used it to tie her hands around the column behind her. Annabelle started to scream her lungs out, beseeching mercy from Andrews with her eyes. Her screaming turned to whimpering when Hadley slapped her face forcefully.

Hadley looked over his shoulder at Andrews, who was watching in silent horror. "If you do not do it, Lieutenant, I will." Two men were already lifting Annabelle's legs off the ground and pulling them apart, lifting her skirts as they did so. Hadley undid his pants and lifted out a massive erection. It was as wide as his wrist and it thickened as he stroked it. Annabelle nearly fainted at the sight of it.

"I will do it."

Hadley turned around, his erection bobbing as he did so. "What did you say, Lieutenant?"

"I will take her innocence, so that you cannot," Andrews said clearly.

"Well somebody had better!" cried Kramer, a soldier in the company. He took out a pocketknife and sliced open the front of Annabelle's dress, baring two perfect breasts amid the shredded dress. The barbarian soldiers cheered and tears of humiliation flowed down Annabelle's cheeks. Captain Hadley knocked Kramer unconscious with the handle of his pistol and declared, "She is for no one but officers."

Annabelle sobbed as Hadley reached down, lifting the last of the material covering her and exposed her to the men. The night air and the feeling of thirty men staring at her caused her sex to tingle and a strange, liquid feeling to course through her.

"She's ready for you," Hadley said to Andrews upon noticing the moisture that had welled up inside of her.

Andrews stepped in between her thighs. The men holding her up adjusted so that she was the perfect height for him. He released his erection from his pants and rubbed it up and down her slit, wetting himself with her juices. Slowly, as if to cause her as little pain as possible, he slid into her, all the while his eyes begging for forgiveness. When he reached her maidenhead he stopped, gathered his courage, and thrust fully into her. She whimpered and struggled against her bonds, but the men at either side of her held her tightly to the column, immobile. She realized there was nothing for her to do but look at Andrews pleadingly as he pumped into her body, hoping it would soon be over.

Andrews hated to admit it, but being inside of Annabelle felt like heaven. She was so tight and wet, but he knew that it would still be minutes before he could erupt inside of her and end her torture. If he could only get her to climax, he knew the contractions of her inner muscles would cause him to go over the edge. With this in mind, he reached down and touched the soft pebble of flesh in between her nether lips, causing her to jump. He began to administer a series of short, quick strokes with his fingers until she moaned for mercy.

Until that point, Annabelle's sole thought had been to resist what was being done to her. As Andrews pleasured her with his hand, her thoughts changed to those of longing and fulfillment. She began to move with his thrusts, meeting and withdrawing in time to his rhythm. Soon enough, the careful stroking of his hand and thrusting of his body caused her body to tighten, tension building in her every limb. All at once, she exploded, writhing and convulsing against him. Her inner muscles contracted on him, pulling him to her womb. Andrews let out a loud groan as he felt the multitude of sensations teasing his cock. He sank deeply into her and spilled his seed with great relief.

He withdrew from her, pulled down her skirts, and ordered the men to untie her. Annabelle could hardly stand after what she had experienced. She felt dizzy and weakness consumed her body. Thomas and the other slaves gathered her up before she could fall to the ground and carried her to bed.

"Set up camp, men," Hadley ordered. He turned to Andrews, "Why so sullen? Let's hope that we stay here for a long time." 

Andrews awoke the next day with an intense desire to apologize to Miss Montgomery for the previous night. He and the other officers occupied the plantation's guest rooms, while the soldiers camped on the lawn. He walked down the hall to the master bedroom, where Annabelle slept. He knocked on the door and a few moments later, he heard her call in an uneasy voice, "Who is it?" 

"This is Robert Andrews, Miss Montgomery. I wanted to speak to you about last night."

"Why should I let you? After what you and your men did to me-"

"I feel despicable," he interrupted. "But you must understand—it was either me or Hadley. He would not have been as gentle. His sword would have torn you in two!" Andrews felt a glimmer of hope as the door was opened for him. He entered her bedchamber, and came face-to-face with a tearful Annabelle.

"Miss Montgomery, please do not cry. I never meant to hurt you," Andrews said forlornly. Impulsively he approached her and wrapped his arms around her. Annabelle wanted to resist him, but it felt wonderful to have strong arms supporting her. She buried her face in his chest and wept. He sat with her on the bed and stroked her hair as she continued to cry. God, she smells amazing, he thought. Andrews felt inappropriate stirrings of lust in his loins as he held her. He gave her a gentle, compassionate kiss on the forehead and she stopped crying. She looked up at him, realizing for the first time how beautifully green his eyes were. Suddenly, all of the pain and heartbreak she had suffered, by her father and brother joining the war, her mother succumbing to scarlet fever, the activities of the previous night, seemed to melt away.

She wanted him.

She reached out a tentative hand out and cupped his jaw. Andrews forced himself to remain perfectly still as Annabelle traced his facial features with her fingertips. She began to sweetly kiss his neck, tempting him more with every passing second. When he couldn't stand it anymore, he swooped down and captured her lips in a searing kiss. He traced his tongue lightly along her bottom lip, causing her to open her mouth and let him inside. Andrews groaned as he sank deeper into the kiss, wrapping his arms around her and pulling her closer to him. He reached around and stroked one of her luscious breasts. She sighed against his lips as he fondled her, lightly tracing his finger over her nipple and then palming her firmly.

He unlaced her nightgown and helped her out of it. He admired her perfect curves and creamy skin as she pushed him onto his back. There was nothing left of the humiliated and embarrassed Miss Montgomery from the night before. She straddled him and began to undo his trousers when he stopped her.

"Miss Montgomery, we cannot do this. You must be very sore from last night and I have no wish to harm you further."

"Call me Annabelle." She looked annoyed but complied with his wishes, removing her hands from his pants. Instead, she began to move on him, rubbing where she ached most in an effort to relieve the tension building inside of her. 

"Let me help you with that, Annabelle." Andrews gave her a small smile as he put a hand on the small of her back and pulled her forward until she was straddling his face instead of his erection.

"What do you think you're doing, Lieutenant?" But Andrews already had his face buried in her sex. Annabelle grabbed the headboard for dear life while Andrews performed wicked acts on her with his tongue. He had parted her nether lips and was stroking her nubbin repeatedly, causing the mouth of her sex to contract on itself. Believing that she was sore, but not too much so that she could not accommodate a finger, he slid his index finger fully into her. Once again, he succeeded in bringing her to orgasm, and for the second time in her life, Annabelle felt her body explode. Andrews's face was flooded with her juices as she convulsed around his finger. He pulled his finger from her and drank up every sweet drop.

"Please make love to me, Lieutenant Andrews," Annabelle begged after she had regained her breath. Andrews was prepared to say no, but stopped himself when he saw the look in her eyes. Her beautiful eyes, which were normally chestnut brown like her hair, had darkened to a smoldering black. They spoke of a need that only he could fulfill. He grasped her hips and shifted her so that her legs were sprawled on either side of his and undid his pants, releasing his throbbing erection. He was poised at her gate, about to thrust into her. A terrible knock sounded at her door and disrupted the two.

"Miss Montgomery? I have come to speak with you. Do not think to hide from me, girl." It was Captain Hadley. Horrified, Annabelle turned to Andrews.

"He cannot know that you are here with me—I'm the enemy! Please hide. I will handle him and send him away." Andrews helped her dress and stepped onto the balcony just as she opened the door to Hadley. Below, he could see the men resting quietly in the coolness of the morning. A soldier left his tent followed by a female slave adjusting her dress.

What had he almost done? Andrews pondered his actions of the previous night and of that morning. He had gone to her chamber to apologize to her, and instead he ended up making love to her with his mouth. He had been reared a gentleman; he should have treated Annabelle like the lady she was, not a common whore. Furthermore, she was right—she was the enemy. Her father and brothers were enlisted in the rebel army. They were the people Andrews fought on the battlefields, who killed his family and friends. Why did Annabelle seem like the only good, decent person in this war? Why did Captain Hadley, a man in his own company, seem like the one he should be fighting?

Andrews turned his attention to what was occurring in Annabelle's bedroom just in time to hear Hadley shout.

"Stay still, you little whore! Stop wriggling and spread your legs for me!" 

Andrews barged into the chamber where he saw Captain Hadley straddling a wildly frightened Annabelle. Her nightgown had been torn and Hadley was viciously pinching a distended nipple and grinding his hips against her. Andrews rushed forward and heaved Hadley off of her.

"What in hell?!" Hadley was so confused, he did not have time to register that Andrews was swinging at him. Andrews punched him square in the jaw and he went down like a sack of potatoes, unconscious.

Andrews and Annabelle looked at each other. "He will have you killed for certain!" Annabelle exclaimed. "Come, we must hide!" She grabbed his hand and they ran out into the hall. Without being seen, they managed to find the room he stayed in the previous night and locked the door. 

"What are we to do?" Annabelle seemed panicked.

"Just calm down and listen to me. No one is going to kill me."

"But Captain Hadley will be so angry! Of course he will wish you dead after what happened."

Andrews held up a hand to silence her before she could protest. "It will be all right. Do not worry."

A look of confusion washed over her face at his words of comfort. "I don't want to lose you." Her eyes became misty. "Make love to me now, Robert. This may be our last chance!"

At hearing his name, Andrews looked so strange that she felt compelled to ask, "That is your name, is it not? I distinctly remember the captain called you Robert Andrews."

"No one has called me Robert in years." Andrews looked at her fondly and Annabelle thought that he might capitulate. "But I cannot treat you in such a way. You deserve so much more, Annabelle."

"That is a lie. You have satisfied me in ways I could never imagine, and yet I desire more. Please Robert, give me more." She smiled as she said his name, sitting on the bed and gesturing for him to join her. Aroused by the thought of what he might do to her, she felt her nipples tighten painfully. He could see them stand through the sheer gown. 

Andrews gave one last groan of resistance and joined her on the bed. He lay back and pulled her on top of him. "You must be on top, Annabelle. Control how much of me you want to take, and stop if you feel any pain at all."

"I want all of you and I shall never stop!" Annabelle declared as she lifted her gown and settled over him. His cock sprang free of his trousers and he guided it to the entrance of her slick, warm sex. He held it in place for her.

"Lower yourself gently, my dear. Very slowly and gently." But Annabelle did not heed him. As soon as she felt him pressed against her opening, she impaled herself on him in one swift movement. She heard Andrews emit a small groan. Her back arched and her toes curled. No one had ever told her that making love would feel this glorious. Instinct took over and she began to move on him, rocking her hips back and forth and swiveling them around. It felt particularly pleasurable when his cock pressed against a certain area inside of her. She continued to rub that spot with his sex until she felt a familiar tension build within her. It almost felt like she was climbing a giant mountain, trying to reach the top. When she peaked, an avalanche of feeling overtook her and every part of her body tingled with sensation.

"That is simply marvelous," Annabelle said with awe. Coming down from her climax, she lay against him and nuzzled his neck like a child. He stroked her long, curly hair, thinking he could stay there with her forever. His dreams of the future quickly turned to horror as he saw a Confederate patrol quickly approaching the house. What he could see from the second-story bedroom window, his men from the ground could not. He noticed that Annabelle had also seen the same thing. 

"What are we to do?" She said with a look of fear worn on her otherwise pretty face.

"Look, they're turning back... they won't be gone for long." 

The horsemen spotted the blue-uniformed soldiers and turned away at a full gallop to bring reinforcements. 

"My love, we have act quickly if we are to survive. Do you have any powdered sugar or fine confectioner's sugar?"

She nodded weakly with tears forming in her eyes.

"Go fetch me some powdered sugar and some of your father's clothes. I'll alert the men," he said with hushed urgency in his voice. 

Annabelle quickly slipped into the remains of her nightgown. But because of the harshness of Captain Hadley, he had ripped open the top, slightly exposing her breast as she ran out into the hall and into her father's room. She found a tweed jacket with a shirt and some brown wool trousers for her lover. She wasn't sure if he had the same sized foot as her father, but decided to bring his boots as well. She also donned her father's evening robe to cover herself from the lecherous men. 

With the clothes clutched to her chest, she hurried quickly to the kitchen downstairs, which sat on the side of the house in a separate addition. While she looked frantically for the powdered sugar, she saw a partially dressed Lieutenant Andrews run to the campsite on her lawn that appeared mysteriously overnight. She saw Andrews speaking quickly the already waking men and a commotion quickly followed. The men ran back into the nearby woods, leaving their tent-city as forfeit. Robert ran back towards the house. Annabelle, realizing she was staring out the window instead of searching for the sugar, returned to looking into containers and jars in search of the sugar. She found it in a clear glass jar hidden with some bourbon next to the jar. She grabbed both the jar and the bourbon and hurried back to meet her love. 
