 "So are you going to do more than just watch?" he said.

I just stood there, frozen. I told myself to snap out of it and thought of the few other regrets I'd had when placed in situations like this before. I had to do something or else I'd regret this one too. Suddenly empowered, I responded coyly, "that depends on what'd you like to do exactly" as I stepped out of the shadows and into the room, facing him.

He grinned, still holding his very stiff member in one hand, looking up at me.

"So how do YOU think we should approach this?"

I continued to watch him stroke and tug which made me wet. I was flustered and could barely speak or think. But I knew I had to say something. 

"Well," I began, "if you want to be a good boy, I can continue watching you, you can watch me, and we'll be even."

"Or...?" he said.

"Or we can do what we really want to do- throw caution to the wind and have some fun!"

He paused for a moment, chuckled, and said "oh what the hell! Door #2 it is!"

Picking up the play on words, I countered, "well it definitely can be if you hit the right spot!" I beamed.

We had known each other for not too long and what was about to happen was against everything we had personally worked for in life. We both had loving partners, children, and stature in the community. Our partners were friends and we had all begun hanging out together as a foursome more and more in the last few months. I had already run through many scenarios in my head as fantasy from a foursome to me watching he and his wife, him watching us, me and his wife alone, watching mine with him-everything. But this...this took the cake.

I climbed into their enormous bed, facing him, legs matching his legs' open sprawl, feet touching. He never stopped stroking but his pace did quicken once I sat in front of him. I was wearing an old t-shirt with no underwear, as I liked to let her breathe when I slept. I began kneading my heavy but not overly ample breasts through the cloth while staring into his eyes. He continued to stroke himself, staring at my now glistening cunt, with his head down in a daze. It's like he was fantasizing while still participating! He'd always been a man of few words but this was just guttural. He began to grunt as my hands moved all over my torso, with one settling on my soft mound. I began to rub my button with the pads of my fingers, slowly, encircling the tiny thing with manual dexterity. He grunted as his strokes became longer and harder. I continued to watch and get more turned on which made me rub myself even harder. I began to moan, hiss, and shudder as I brought myself to orgasm. 

I pulled the shirt over my head slowly and let my perky but heavy breasts drop slowly from the cloth. Suddenly he snarled out, "Now finger yourself." He was demanding, insistent, and forceful- and I liked it! 

I continued to work my pulsating nib, rubbing my swollen labia just before making his wishes come true. I started with one finger, but I was so wet that it meant nothing, so I went to two. His breathing became more labored and intense, along with his stroking. I could tell he was about to come since his balls had begun to contract and his legs were trembling. His eyes rolled to the back of his head as I pumped my hand in and out my sopping hole to his rhythm. We both convulsed and came in unison, surprisingly. Not completely spent, he let go of his still semi-hard rock and motioned me over. I crawled on all fours between his legs and straddled his hips, making sure my clit was in contact with his shaft. He moaned and urged my movements on as I rocked my hips back and forth for extra pleasure. I could feel him stiffening so I sat up on my knees just enough to let him slip inside me. As of this moment we still had not kissed. Feeling the muscles of my vagina contract around him, he became more aggressive. He grabbed me by the nape and pulled me close to his face, staring into my eyes as we thrust together. I could see the beads of sweat form on his forehead as his breath quickened. Soon he began to grunt and snarl, like an animal, as I picked up speed on his dick. In one move he let go of my neck, slapped me across the face, grabbed my face and squeezed my cheeks in one hand as he roughly kissed me, biting my lips. There was so much pain and pleasure at once I didn't know what to feel. I was even more turned on! 

"Fucking choke me and call me your little bitch!" I implored. He happily obliged. "Tell me I'm your fuck slut!"

"You're my little fuckslut and I'm going to fuck you up real good, darling."

I continued to grind my hips into his, wanting to take in every inch, but he knew more had to be done. Just when I thought he was going to come again, he locked my legs around his waist and flipped me over to my back. He was still strong and solid from his days in the military. No six pack, but firm and massive in the arms, legs, and chest- where it counts. My eyes widened with anticipation as I grew anxious for what was coming next. He plowed into my cavern deep and hard. His balls slapped my ass as my thighs clenched around his waist, trying to bring him even deeper into me. I could feel the tip of his dick hitting my cervix and g-spot over and over again. I could barely contain my squeals of delight. He continued to grunt and sweat and pump into me furiously, while never breaking his gaze into my eyes. I tried to close my eyes in ecstasy, but each time he'd slap my face, squeeze it, and kiss me hard while fucking me. It was so primal! 

His strokes got shorter and faster and I just knew he was going to shoot his load. So I reached down and grabbed the base of his cock and squeezed before he could erupt. He had closed his eyes for that quick moment but when he opened them, he knew what I had done and laughed mischievously.

"Well, well, well...I think you're going to regret that."

He looked crazed- almost how Manson looked, like, always. He dripped with sweat as his eyes narrowed with mischief. I was actually a little scared, but I trusted him with my life, so I knew this was part of the game. He sat up on his knees, yanked me to mine and shoved my mouth onto his throbbing member.

"Now you're going to suck me good and hard until I tell you to stop. And then I'm going to pound your face until you choke on it, okay my little cunt bitch?"

Before I could respond, he shoved me down again to do as I was told. I could taste our sweet and salty mixture on his shaft, which amused me, since I had never tasted semen before. We're taught to duck, dodge, and avoid, so that's what I did all these years. Who knew it would be so good?! He palmed my head further onto his length as I began to choke and gag. My mouth filled with spit as my eyes teared up from his girth. I coughed and gagged as I struggled to allow him in deeper. I could feel the tip touch my tonsils when I nearly lost it and had to push away.

"Oh no" he said, "it looks like you lost something...let me help you find it again!" as he shoved his prick back into my throat hard. Then he began pinching and twisting my nipples as I sucked him down. My throat had begun to adjust to his size and I was finally able to lick his shaft while he fucked my throat, which he apparently really liked. He reached down and began fingering my cunt, driving me wild. I began to leak, or squirt as some would say, which pleased him further.

"You really like that, huh, you little cumslut? Don't you?" He placed in his fingers in his mouth and tasted my juices. "Ummmm hmmmm you're a sweet lil' thang," as he yanked my head back and bent down to kiss me deep. He was a Southern gentleman at heart, but obviously, had a wild side. His tongue gave me welcome solace with its softness and texture. I tried to regain my composure but he just wouldn't let me. "Now let's get some more of that pussy milk flowing for my cock." In a low growl he whispered in my ear, "turn around so I can fuck you nice and deep". As soon as I turned, he slapped me square on the ass cheeks hard enough to sting and regain my deference. This man was turning me on so much with his nice/naughty act that I began rubbing my clit waiting for his entry. He enjoyed watching me work but wanted more. He bent down and licked my ass while making rounds to my love hole. He stuck his tongue in and slurped me down while nibbling on my swollen cunt lips. I began to shudder on my shaky knees and knew I could barely take anymore. He reached around my waist and pulled me back into position and forced my head down to the pillow with my ass in the air.

"Don't worry, I've got you," he said.

And there he was- the man I knew on a day-to-day basis. Although we were definitely having fun with our words, he was still himself through and through. He's a caring and easy-going guy who wants to make sure things are done properly and well. Even hardcore fucking, I guess. 

The pillow was cool and inviting as I sank into its retreat. I could feel him rubbing his veiny shaft on and between my ass cheeks. I think he was trying to gauge my reaction for anal. So I decided to help him out and moan a bit while sticking my ass further out for him to experience. He grabbed one cheek in his hand and spread it to see my pucker game. Still rubbing his head on my cheeks he circled it with an already licked finger. My body began to vibrate all over from this new and wonderful sensation. Then he began slipping his cock into my soaking cunt slowly.

"Please fuck me," I begged. "I need you inside me now!" I moaned.

He pulled out of me, holding his mast in his hand while rubbing my ass. I turned to look at him incredulously. Then he slapped both cheeks hard enough to make me yelp. Once again, he showed me he was in control. And before I knew it, he plunged back into my territory, completely scratching my itch, as I let out a sigh of relief.

"Please fuck me," I begged again. And with this, he smirked, grabbed my hips, and began pumping in and out of me with long, hard strokes. I grabbed a fistful of sheet and bit the pillow as I tried to muffle a scream. He jerked the pillow away from me.

"I want to hear you scream," he said.

Still concerned about possibly being caught, I warned him, "I shouldn't".

He slapped my ass and said "yes, you should".

"Then fuck me harder" I hissed. So he did.

He continued to thrust and pound my kitten until my eyes rolled back into my head and I just had to scream. 

"Oh my fucccking god," I moaned loudly, which really got him going. "Fuck me baby, oh my god you feel so fucking good. I can feel you everywhere! Don't stop!" I could feel him hitting my G-spot over and over making my legs shake and pussy drip.

And then he did what I thought he might do- as I was just beginning to squirt, he stuck his finger into my tight little asshole and held it there. Looking back on it, I just have to shake my head because I felt he was using special tactics against me and I had no choice but to surrender. I screamed out, "mother fucker- fuck you, fuck me" as I creamed and squirted simultaneously, which I had only done once before in my life. He continued to hold my hip with his other hand as my whole body seized which of course, tightened my grip on his cock. My body tremored as he plowed faster and faster into my tunnel. Feeling him about to burst, I quickly turned around so I could receive his gooey goodness and boy did I get it. He moaned loudly as he shot his load all over my waiting lips, tongue, and throat. I swallowed his salty goodness and sucked the last bit from his throbbing member as he collapsed onto the bed, completely spent.

Looking up at the ceiling he said "Best. Fuck. Ever."

Caressing his still semi-hard prick softly, I cooed, "but will it be the last?"