 Eddie Jenkins was furious with his wife, Linda. She had just returned from a shopping trip with her mother, loaded with unneeded clothes, all placed on her credit card despite his determined efforts to limit their expenditures. This type of shopping binge was nothing new for Linda in the past, but such activity had been increasingly rare over the last year. It was a habit learned from her mother, Joan, but one that had been broken by a determined Eddie after their marriage was almost destroyed over her lack of self- control when shopping. 

Their verbal battles had reached a crescendo the previous Christmas when she maxed out their credit card buying expensive presents for her family as well as clothes for herself. They had agreed to limit their buying with the goal of saving enough for a down payment on a condominium and get out of their small, noisy apartment. Now, she had put them behind where they had been when they started. Even worse, she had denied having gone overboard with spending until the bills arrived. Actually, Linda recognized that her behavior was irrational, but that didn't stop her from refusing to admit fault and apologizing. Instead, her arguments became more illogical as she defended the indefensible, becoming more and more childish as the argument became more intense. Finally, when the "discussion" became totally out of control, Eddie did something that he never would have considered in a more rational moment. 

Saying, "Damn it, if you're going to act like a child, I'll treat you like one!" Taking her by the arm, he sat back on the bed, spun her around and pulled her over his knee. She had just come out of the shower when the battle started and the towel wrapped insecurely around her torso quickly lost its hold on her, falling to the ﬂoor, leaving her completely naked. Linda had a nice body, not Penthouse quality perhaps, but far better than average. She was only 5' 3", about 115 pounds, but her breasts would have graced someone much taller and heavier. Her legs were long for her height, and as presented to Eddie's eyes, her bottom was a bit large. It was curvy with dimples at its base, the crevice between the cheeks deeply indented. The skin was pink and ﬂawless, a color and condition that was about to change. 

Actually, the view was something that would have a man with "erectile dysfunction" ﬁnd himself not needing Viagra, and, normally, Eddie was not immune to the sight of his wife's voluptuous charms. This time, however, he scarcely was aware of her feminine appeal as he raised his hand and administered a resounding smack onto her left buttock, followed by an equally hard smack on the other side. The immediate result was an explosive scream of pain and anger from Linda and the appearance of two large red splotches on the no longer ﬂawless skin. Ignoring her protests, couched in language she rarely used, Eddie continued the spanking with a series of hard, sharp slaps that rapidly covered her entire delectable ass with crimson hand prints. The resilient ﬂesh bounced and quivered with each blow, indenting when the hand struck, rebounding when it pulled back. 

Smack, smack, smack, on and on, each smack followed instantly with a cry of pain, a demand that he stop or various verbal terms not to be quoted in genteel company. Smack... smack... smack... SMACK... smack... smack... SMACK. He alternated hard slaps with very hard ones, not letting her be able to anticipate the timing or power. 

She struggled, ﬂailing her arms, kicking with her legs, all while shrieking and insisting that he let her up or suffer the serious consequences. An observer would have been fascinated by the sight of the quivering bottom being belabored but perhaps more by the exposure of her "private" parts. As her legs twisted and spread, her cunt was completely revealed, plump lips covered by a profusion of light blond curly hair. Even more unusual was the blatant display of the secret opening between her ass cheeks as the alternating left-right blows pulled them apart. Even if she had been aware of any of this revelation, Linda would have been completely unconcerned since her only desire was the ending of the spanking. In any case, her husband had seen it all before, but any other man (and, probably, most women) would have been enthralled by the exposure. 

On and on it went as he discharged his anger. He paid no attention to her shrieks of rage or her cries of pain, intent on punishing her for destroying their savings. His smacks were preceded by terse statements about "teaching her a lesson," smack, "you broke your promise," smack, "you spend like we're rich," smack, "you lied to me," SMACK. Gradually, Linda's screams of rage tapered off into moans, her demands to be freed replaced by pleas and promises not to do it again. Even her gyrations ran down and she just hung limply over his knees, absorbing the blows with a continual ﬂow of "I'm sorry" and whimpers of pain. At the same time, Eddie's anger was dissipated by the physical effort of the spanking and her admission of guilt. He certainly was not a cruel man and inﬂicting pain on his wife was not in his nature but, as he had said, "If you act like a child, you'll be treated like one." 

With the end of the spanking, an interesting metamorphous took place. With his concentration on punishment gone, he looked at the exposed "charms" in a different light and suddenly he changed from an avenger to a sexually aroused male. As he looked down at the ﬂaming red ass, he had momentarily conﬂicting emotions: on one hand he regretted the pain he had caused Linda, but at the same time he had a surge of masculine superiority because he had the power to control his mate. Almost immediately, however, his feeling of dominance merged into a feeling of protectiveness, sympathy and sexual arousal. 

For Linda, a similar transformation took place. She went from a defensive, argumentative woman to one beaten down by a dominant male. Women libbers would hate to admit it, but many women ﬁnd being physically controlled by a stronger, overpowering man (or, sometimes, by another woman) to be physically and sexually stimulating. This obviously does not mean being beaten up or seriously mistreated, but if a lover or husband demonstrates his strength in a non-malicious way, she becomes docile and, frankly, available sexually. Thus, being spanked into submission by her husband had, temporarily, at least, transformed Linda into a complaisant, passive female who, rather than being furious at her treatment, looked to him as a conqueror who could do with her as he wished. This should not be overstated, but it is a very common situation: after a woman has been soundly spanked in this way she is sexually aroused by a strong man who has controlled her and he feels protective over, and aroused by, his victim. 

For a moment, Eddie ran his hands over Linda's hips, feeling the heat emanating from the scarlet, now mottled, skin, letting his ﬁngers slide between the ass cheeks onto her cunt. Linda's arousal was clearly shown by the open and well lubricated lips of her pussy as she welcomed his exploration by spreading her legs wider. Suddenly overcome by lust, he pulled her to her feet and lay her on the bed, put her feet over his shoulders and plunged his erect cock between the cunt lips deep into her vagina. The screwing didn't last long since both were more than ready. Linda approached orgasm almost upon entry and Eddie followed shortly afterwards. The aftermath involved Linda profusely apologizing for her wild spending orgy and pledging that it wouldn't happen again and Eddie forgiving her and saying he was sorry for hurting her. Thus peace was restored. 

Unfortunately, Linda's proﬂigate habits were not so easily broken, and the entire scenario was played out several more times in the next year. She recognized her faults, however, and, gradually, she was weaned away from excessive spending and, by the end of the year, their ﬁnancial circumstances improved dramatically. At that point something new happened that caused the regression mentioned above. Their lease on their apartment expired and they were forced to either renew for two years or move. Since they hoped to buy their condominium in the next year, they seemed to be stuck. 

Fortuitously, Linda's younger sister who had been living at home while attending college had graduated and was moving to the west coast, leaving her room and bath empty. Linda's parents, Joan and Rob Morrison, offered the space, rent free, to Linda and Eddie so that they could save and get their own place sooner. They accepted the offer with gratitude, put their furniture in storage and moved in. The four of them were compatible and Linda and Eddie's room (actually a small apartment) gave plenty of privacy. Linda and her mother had always been very close, really a best friends relationship rather than mother and daughter and they loved the idea of living together again for a while. Everything seemed to be perfect. 

The ﬁrst sign of trouble came one evening when Eddie and Rob were talking. Rob was quietly furious, complaining about Joan having just returned from a shopping trip with her usual load of unneeded clothes. "She does this all the time! No matter how much money comes in, she can spend it. I swear that we have no more in the bank now that we did twenty years ago." This from a man who was a partner in a prestige law ﬁrm. "I've tried to talk to her, but nothing works!" 

Eddie looked at him, saying, with surprise, "So that's where it comes from! Linda was doing the same thing when we were married. We couldn't save a penny." 

"Well, I don't like admitting this to her father, but I got mad and spanked her!" 

"Hell, that doesn't bother me! In fact, I wish you could do the same thing to her mother. My god, I've wanted to do that with Joan for 25 years, but I never had the nerve. Damn! I still wish that I could bring myself to do it but I know I can't!" 

"I know what you mean. The time probably is past and her habits are too well established. I'll tell you, though, if she's spending foolishly the way Linda was, it's the only solution." 

"Well, I know that I could never get mad enough after all this time - gods, she'd blow her top!" Then, semi-jokingly as the conversation ended, "I'll tell you though, if you ever get in a situation where you can do it, go ahead with my blessings! It's really what she needs!" 

Time passed and, while Joan continued her spending pattern, Linda's reformation seemed to be permanent. Everything was going well. What had been rent money made their savings grow, giving promise that their own place was a reality, not just a fantasy. Then, probably inevitably, disaster struck - or so it appeared at the time. 

They had lived at the Morrison's for almost a month when Eddie unexpectedly had a half day off from work because the ofﬁce air conditioning was not working and the inside temperature was over 90 degrees. He hurried home, found the house empty and, after taking a cooling shower, put on a pair of shorts and relaxed on a chaise in the corner of their room. He nodded off and was awakened by voices as Linda and her mother came down the hall. He became suddenly alert when he heard Linda say, "I'm going to take a quick shower and," giggling, "hide these things before Eddie gets home!" 

Linda came through the door, burdened by several shopping bags which she dumped onto the bed as she hurried into the bathroom, never even glancing toward the corner where Eddie sat. He stayed there, quietly steaming, as he listened to the sound of splashing water as Linda showered. Ten minutes or so later, she came out of the bathroom, cool and relaxed, ﬁlled with the pleasure of a mornings shopping, a pleasant lunch and a refreshing shower. Suddenly she recoiled and her face turned pale as she saw her glowering husband sitting there beside the bed staring at her over her pile of purchases. "Now, my dear, tell me about those things that you were going to hide from me!" 

Linda's mind was frozen with horror as she realized the situation she was in. The only thing running through her head was, "Oh my god. Oh my god." There was no coherent thought, no quick thinking excuse to placate Eddie. Finally, she managed to stammer out, "Oh, Eddie...what are you doing here...I'm so sorry...I didn't mean...I don't know...oh, I'm sorry...I just got carried away..." She rambled on, not really making any sense as Eddie just sat there, a stern, forbidding expression on his face. There was just nothing to say that would save her from what she knew was coming. There simply was no valid explanation for what she had done and she knew it. She had agreed to cut expenses and she not only had violated her promise, but she had intended to make it worse by hiding it from him. As a result, her mumbled comments faltered, leaving her standing mutely waiting for the inevitable. 

The inevitable came as Eddie ﬁnally spoke again, saying, merely, "Come over here and get over my knees." Grimacing as she did so, Linda meekly did as he ordered, dragging her feet across the room and, reluctantly, draping herself over his thighs. She was a provocative, erotic sight, breasts, nipples hard, hanging down on one side, legs tightly held together on the other. Her bottom, normally round and soft, was clenched tight in anticipation of a severe spanking, cunt hair and lips peeking out just below the vulnerable ass cheeks. Eddie, however, was not interested in the erotic aspect of her behind at that moment. He saw it only as a place to punish, to extract retribution, to teach a lesson. He was very angry, and her ass was going to suffer. 

Linda lay there - and nothing happened. Thirty seconds went by as she waited in torment for the torture to begin, the wait building up the dread until she could hardly stand it. Finally, the ﬁrst SMACK landed, eliciting a heart-felt cry of pain from her. The smacks rained down on her, hitting one cheek alter the other, sometimes two or three on the same side on the same spot, sometimes hard, sometimes very hard. Smack...ow... Smack... SMACK...OWW,..smack ...ohhhh. Unlike her ﬁrst spanking long ago, she made no effort to escape and did little thrashing around. 

Even her cries were relatively muted as she accepted the spanking as her just due. Still, she soon was crying from the pain as the skin on her ass turned a darker and darker red. Through it all she kept gasping out, "I'm sorry," smack "I didn't mean to do it!" smack "Mother said it would be all right" smack "Oh, it hurts" etc. Equally, Eddie interspersed his comments between spanks, "I'll teach you to break your promise' smack "hide things from me, will you" smack "we were going to save money, weren't we" smack "you're not a child anymore" smack "your mother can't give you permission" smack "to break your word" smack "and lie to me" SMACK! 

Not satisﬁed with her reactions (and his hand getting tired), Eddie reached down to the ﬂoor and picked up a cloth slipper with a ﬂexible leather sole. He held it by the heel and, without warning, brought it down CRACK on her left ass cheek, and, almost before the pain was registered, repeated it on the right side. This was torment far beyond the previous hand smacks and Linda let out a scream of agony. Several more cracks followed, one or two actually hitting her protruding cunt lips, causing a different level of intensity. The pain continued coursing through her even between cracks, eliciting a constant stream of shrieks which reverberated throughout the room - and the entire house. 

This latter point was shown by Linda's mother, Joan, bursting into the room, crying, "What's wrong Honey? Did you fall? Are you hurt?" Any further question was cut off by the sight of her daughter, naked, lying across the lap of her son-in-law, quite obviously getting a harsh spanking. "My god, what's going on? Stop it! Let her up!" Stepping forward, she tried to grab Eddie's arm. 

Eddie looked at her, startled at her sudden entrance and momentarily shocked at her appearance. She was totally naked, water still dripping from her body. She obviously had just left the shower and, hearing Linda's screams, had run down the hall without thinking about her condition. That condition, however, was such that Eddie, for a moment, forgot about spanking Linda and just stared. 

The amazing thing was that in a slightly darker room, he might have mistaken her for his wife. Linda and her mother frequently were taken for sisters, and in her nude state, Joan seemed almost identical to her daughter. Same height, about the same weight, same hair style and, even with twenty-two years of extra wear and tear, same complexion. There were differences, of course. Her breasts were slightly fuller, her nipples somewhat darker as was her head and pubic hair. She was, perhaps, a shade plumper, but not so much so as to be noticeable. Standing side by side the differences would become more noticeable, but, if a woman aged to look like her mother, Linda would be in great shape. 

As said before, Eddie saw this naked body approaching him and momentarily lost focus, but he quickly was brought back to reality as Joan attempted to grab his arm and stop the spanking, berating him, as she did so, for beating her daughter. It was an amazing situation: he had one nude woman draped over his knees while another one, dripping with water, struggled with him. Eddie's ﬁrst, instant reaction was to pull back from his naked mother-in-law, but almost immediately his anger returned as she grabbed at the slipper while continuing her verbal attacks. That anger welled up higher as he recalled Linda's protests that her mother had urged her to buy things - the real fault lay with Joan and her extravagant ways. She had created the original problem with Linda and now had started it again. 

His fury at that thought wiped from his mind the fact that this was his mother-in- law and she became just another woman who was causing a major problem for him. He never even thought that there might be repercussions as he stood up, tossed Linda onto the bed and grabbed Joan, sat back down, and dragged her over his knees. She was absolutely unbelieving as she found herself replacing Linda. At ﬁrst she was stunned by the rapid series of events, ﬁnding herself, completely naked, in a position to be spanked. She struggled vigorously, hitting at him, kicking - anything to free herself - while screaming demands and threats. Neither her thrashing nor her threats had any impact on Eddie as he brought his hand down with a mighty SMACK which caused her to scream in a different way. 

If Eddie had been hard on Linda, he was harder on Joan. She was the ultimate cause of the entire trouble, and he was determined to punish her so that she wouldn't forget it. Even in his moment of real rage, he recalled Rob's comment that she really needed to be spanked and that Eddie should do it the occasion occurred - and it had. If he had any fears of repercussions, that would have eased them, but he would have spanked her anyway for himself. While these thoughts ran through the back of his mind, the spanking continued: SMACK... "eeek"...smack... "let me up"...smack... "ooouch"...SMACK... "STOP IT"...smack...oooow...SMACK.. "Gods, stop!"...SMACK. Each smack was accompanied by a stream of statements from Eddie about her spending habits, her corruption of Linda, etc., comments which were unheard over Joan's screams and vituperation. 

This hand spanking went on and on until, once again, Eddie took up the slipper and applied it even more vigorously to Joan's ass. It came down with a sharp CRACK, sending her into even more hysterical shrieking. Even after the long session of hand spanking, her skin was still damp from the shower, and the leather sole stung even more than it had with Linda. Where her bottom had taken on a deep red color, that red began to be overlaid by patches of mottled purple. CRACK... "EEEK"...CRACK... "OH MY GOD"... CRACK ..."OOOOH"...CRACK ... "OH PLEASE, STOP." Eddie wielded the slipper with abandon, hitting one side and then the other, occasionally the same spot two or three times as he had with Linda. Suddenly, it was like the air went out of a balloon and Joan just hung there, moaning and crying, pleading for him to stop rather than threatening and demanding. 
