 I was sitting waiting for Henderson, the chief trainer, to come and see me. Patiently, by my standards, but when he was fifteen minutes late I thought it time to take steps. Henderson was never discourteous and would never have been late without letting me know, unless there was a dire emergency. On the other hand, if there was a dire emergency I'd have been informed of that PDQ. Somewhere there had been a breakdown in communications.

I went to the door and asked Taylor, my new receptionist, if she could seem me for a moment. She came in, all bright eyed and ready to help.

Taylor seemed to me to be a very nice fit for the receptionist position. She was pretty and personable, making owners and visitors feel at ease as soon as they walked in. Part of that may have been due to the fact that she was young, about nineteen, blonde, and always smiling. She'd been with me for a month now, and was learning rapidly.

"Taylor, I asked you to let Henderson know I wanted to see him at two. He hasn't fronted, which is most unusual for him. Did you actually get around to telling him?"

"Yes, sir," she said quickly. "I informed him as soon as you asked me to."

"Did he say anything to indicate that he wouldn't be able to make it?"

"No, sir." If in doubt, say as little as possible.

"Did he say anything at all?" He must have. It's hard to shut the man up.

"Ah, no, sir. No reply."

"No reply at all?" Something wasn't right.

Taylor shook her head, pretty blonde curls bouncing.

"No, sir. No reply. I even sent a follow up message at quarter to, to remind him, but he didn't respond to that either."

Bells and whistles rang. Problem solved, was my guess.

"Ah, exactly how did you inform him that I wanted to see him?" I asked.

She tapped a very nice breast. No, wait a moment. She was tapping the phone in her pocket. 

"I had his number. I sent him a text message. And I sent him the reminder."

"Did it occur to you that I also have Henderson's number and that I could just as easily have sent him a text message myself?"

"Ah, yes, sir," she said, mumbling a bit.

"I see. I suppose you thought I was too full of myself to deign to send a text message when I could order someone else to do the work. The fact that I explicitly said go and tell Henderson to come and see me just floated past you?"

Taylor said nothing, but she was certainly looking a bit mutinous.

"I have no objection to you using your initiative," I informed her, "but if you want to do something other than what was requested it might be a good idea to run it past the person doing the requesting. The reason I said go and tell him was because the man considers technology to be one step away from witchcraft. I'm not sure if he considers it a step up or a step down. Whichever, he won't have his phone on him when he's with the horses in case it rings and scares them. He may or may not check for messages after work. Probably not."

Taylor wasn't looking mutinous any longer but embarrassed and a little worried. She'd stuffed up. Maybe with the best of motives, but she'd still stuffed up and she knew it, and as far as she knew she was still on trial.

I gave her a moment to digest the situation, then continued.

"Now will you please go and tell Henderson that I'd like to see him. Better make it for about four o'clock. That will give him time to arrange things."

Taylor gave a quick, "Yes, sir," and almost bolted for the door. I stopped her when her hand was on the door handle.

"Taylor, don't worry about it. You're still learning and I'm quite willing to make allowances for the learning curve. It was only a minor error. I'm not going to spank you for a simple mistake like that."

She blushed and left in haste, and I saw her out the window, trotting off down to the stables. I suspect she didn't like going to the stables because the boys would flirt, but she'd adjust quickly enough or go and find a job that was more to her taste. 

This time Henderson fronted up as required and we went over his report, planning out things for the future. Everything went smoothly. While he was there I borrowed his phone, flicked quickly through the messages and cleared them away. There weren't many. People learn quite fast not to try and contact him that way. 

It was right on knock-off time when Taylor came to my office and asked if she could speak with me. She had a little problem. She was, she said, a little concerned over the fact that I had threatened to spank her.

"Ah, excuse me for interrupting," I said, breaking into her little speech, "but I'm quite sure that I said I wasn't going to spank you."

She paused, thrown off her stride by the interruption, but still determined to have her say.

"Ah, yes," she said, "but saying that made me wonder if you would try and spank me for some infraction. It left me feeling most uncomfortable."

"Tell me," I said with a sigh, "have you read the employee rules and regulations and possible penalties?"

She nodded.

"Was there anything in there, anything at all, that suggested that I might be allowed to spank you as a penalty?"

"Ah, no, sir," she said, but she was looking mutinous again.

"Well, there you have it. You'll find that I'm legally constrained by those rules and regulations and must abide by them. You can't be spanked just because you make a mistake and I apologise if I made you think you could be."

She had an assurance and an apology and had stopped looking mutinous and was now looking a little smug.

"Of course," I added, "if you felt a spanking was an appropriate punishment I'd be only too happy to oblige. Um, I think you'll find that's covered by the section titled Employee Endorsed Penalties, where an employee can suggest a penalty if they screw up."

Taylor was looking slightly stunned now, probably wishing she'd never started this conversation.

"Who's going to suggest they get spanked as a punishment?" she mumbled. "Did your last receptionist have to put up with this sort of thing?"

"My previous receptionist was nearly sixty and I don't think the thought of being spanked was at the forefront of her mind. Her husband might have objected, anyway."

Taylor was back to mutinous again. She really did have the most expressive face.

"Well I can assure you that I'm never going to ask to be spanked, so you needn't bother hinting at it again."

"Your choice," I said with a smile. "Um, why not?"

"Why not?"

"Yes. Why not?"

"Why would I want to be spanked?" she asked, speaking slowly to be sure I understood. 

"I don't know. Maybe you'd find the idea appealing. Haven't you ever wondered what it would be like to have a man paddle your backside?"

"No!"

"But you're thinking about it right now. Tell you what, I'll do you a favour. It's not something I'd do for just anyone, but I like your attitude."

I pushed my chair back from the desk.

"Come around here and I'll give you a sample spanking. Then you'll know whether you like it or not and your curiosity will be satisfied."

"You're crazy. I'm not curious about any such thing. I have no intention of letting you spank me."

"It's not nice to call the boss crazy," I pointed out. "And you are curious. I can see it in your whole attitude. You're wondering what it would be like to have your bottom spanked by a man. Would he really do it? How would you stop him if you didn't like it?"

I waited and Taylor waited. What she didn't do was turn and leave.

"Come here," I said softly, patting my knee. "If you decide you don't like it just say stop and I'll stop."

It was fun to watch her. She was curious but felt that she shouldn't be. I just waited, making no threatening moves and she slowly started coming around the desk to face me.

I took her elbow and directed her over my knee. Once positioned, she was almost quivering with nerves. It didn't get any easier for her when I lifted her skirt. Gently tugging down her panties got a reaction, especially as gently didn't mean slowly. Her panties were around her knees before she could speak.

"Stop," she said with a bit of a squeak in her voice.

True to my word I stopped, without even having handed down one spank. Then again, my hand was casually resting on a very nice bottom while I waited for her to continue.

"My panties," she protested. "Why did you pull down my panties?"

"Because I think that a bottom should be bare if it's going to be spanked," I informed her, patting her bottom for emphasis. "If you've decided that you'd like to call it off already, that's OK. So, yes or no?"

I heard her swallow nervously before she said, "Go on." 

"OK. In fair warning I should tell you I'll be trying to restrict the spanking to your bottom," I said, running my fingertips lightly over it to indicate the area I meant. "I will certainly try to stay away from more sensitive places such as this." This time my softly gliding fingertips ran lightly over her mound, barely touching it, but from the way her bottom hitched up slightly that barely touching was enough to make an impression.

Before she could protest that illicit touch I gave her the first spank. Cupping my hand slightly, it was noisy, but it was mainly sound and fury and no actual pain, apart from a slight sting. A few more like that and she was thinking that this wasn't too bad. 

I started to use the flat of my hand, and now the spanks were smarting when they landed. Taylor was squirming around now, making little yipping sounds when my hand came down. She made a much louder yipping sound when my hand accidentally landed on her pussy. Fortunately I used a cupped hand at that point so, while it stung and invigorated her pussy, it didn't actually hurt.

I apologised before she could protest, and resumed the more normal spanking. The spanks on her bottom were undoubtedly smarting now, and that smarting would have been accumulating. It was probably a bit of a relief for her when my hand slipped a second time, cupping her mound quite gently.

A quick sorry, and on I went. The third slip didn't even rate a sorry and was ignored by both of us. After that things progressed nicely. Taylor was squirming and protesting and suggesting that enough was enough, but didn't actually say stop. I on the other hand, was raising a bit of heat on her bottom and managing to thoroughly massage her mound while doing so.

Before Taylor could decide enough was enough and call stop, I swung her back to her feet. She looked at me with her blue eyes opened wide with just a hint of tears in them. Her hands had lifted the back of her skirt and were hovering next to her bottom, trying to comfort it without actually touching it.

While she was doing that I reached over and undid the catch and zip at the side of her skirt, giving it a little tug to help it slither down, leaving Taylor naked from the waist. She gave a little gasp and hastily moved her hands to cover herself.

I stood up and started undoing my trousers. Her eyes seemed to open even wider.

"What are you doing?" she demanded, albeit a trifle nervously.

I didn't bother to answer. It was obvious what I was doing. My trousers slid down even as I was telling her to turn around and bend over the desk.

"Ah, but if I do that you'll, um, you'll. . ." She nodded towards my erection.

"Indeed I will," I agreed.

"But I don't want you to."

"Then don't bend over the desk," I said. "You'll have to make up your own mind about that."

While she was making up her mind I was undoing the buttons on her blouse. She started to raise her hands to slap mine away, realised she'd be uncovering herself and just stood there. I continued undoing buttons.

"Why are you doing that?" she wanted to know.

"Because when you turn around and bend over the desk it will make it easier for me to undo your bra. If I'm going to make love to you then I want to feel your breasts under my hands while I take you."

"But I said I don't want you to make love to me," she pointed out.

"Then don't bend over the desk," I said reasonably, taking her by the elbow and turning her to face it. "If however, you put your hands on the desk and lean forward onto them, you know what's going to happen."

"What are you going to do if I don't lean over the desk?" she asked.

"Probably have difficulty walking for the next half hour," I said dryly.

"I mean about me," she persisted.

"Oh. I'll just watch you get dressed, I suppose, while wishing you wouldn't." 

"It doesn't affect my job?"

"No. In case you overlooked it, your one month trial was up yesterday. There's already a letter in the mail confirming your status as having passed the trial period and reaffirming your appointment. So, if you decide no, all that happens is that you miss out on a really interesting time getting acquainted with me."

Seeing she was still just standing there, neither leaning forward nor making any get-dressed motions, I reached up under her blouse and unclipped her bra. I noticed that this time her hands did come up to hold it in place. Feeling safer because she wasn't facing me, I guess.

I started feathering my fingertips across her nice red bottom, gently soothing it. If my hands tended to wander down and brush her pussy, well these thing happen.

"Nice as it is to look at you," I observed, "you've got to make a choice. Are you going to get dressed or bend over the desk?"

She turned around to face me. I eased a little closer, resulting in my erection brushing lightly against her. She swallowed nervously again. She wanted to reach down and push me away, I could see it on her face, but if she did her bra would fall down. I helped her out, drawing her hands away from her breasts, enjoying the sight of her breasts as the bra slid away.

Now that her breasts were uncovered, Taylor decided to protect her pussy, her hands darting down to cover her mound and to push my erection away. For some reason it turned out that Taylor needed to keep holding my erection. Probably afraid it might attack.

"You don't want to bend forward over the desk?" I asked softly.

Taylor shook her head, looking nervous.

"That's OK," I said, still speaking softly. "Why don't you lean back against it?"

I moved slightly closer and Taylor moved back, pressing back against the desk. As a by-note, she still retained her hold on my cock. Now she had one hand behind her, braced on the desk, and she was totally exposed to my eyes, and my eyes were making the most of it. My hands cupped her breasts and I squeezed them softly, her nipples hard little nubs that were rolling around under my thumbs.

Taylor was now leaning back against the desk, thighs parted, totally accessible to me. I was quietly standing between her thighs, waiting, her hand still clutching my erection.

"Sorry, sweetheart, but you're going to have to decide what you're going to do," I told her.

She said a rude word, then pushed my erection down, dragging it across her body until it was nestled between her legs. With a delicate touch she positioned me so that the head was pressing gently against her slit. I gave a small push and her lips gave way before me.

Both her hands were now behind her, pressed against the desk and supporting her, while she looked down the length of her body to where my connection to her had begun. She was breathing hard, and started breathing even harder when I continued to press forward. She wasn't backwards about pressing to meet me, either. My cock sank into her with commendable speed. She was tight but lubricated, and her soft flesh yielded willingly to my advance.

There was no hesitation on either side. Now that we'd started it all just went in the most natural way. I was driving in hard and she pushed to meet me, while at the same time my hands were treasuring her breasts.

The main difference between us was that I was watching her face, enjoying the play of emotions on it, while she was watching where I was plunging into her. She seemed fascinated by the way I was driving in, and her hips were pushing sharply towards me, urging me deeper.

We stayed like that for a while, just moving together easily, enjoying the friction of flesh upon flesh. After a pleasant interlude I decided to kick things up a notch. I started driving in harder and faster, with Taylor responding and making funny little sounds as I slapped hard into her. 

I could see the passion rising in her as she gasped and drove hard against me. Her eyes had moved from where we were joined and she was staring hard at me now, watching my face as I took her. As the passion took hold of her, her eyes slowly closed, shutting out the outside word and concentrating on the way I was making her feel.

I was taking her hard now, driving in firmly, my hands on her hips helping to pull us together. She started whimpering, little pleas escaping her lips as I rode her hard.

Finally I tightened my grasp on her hips and drove in harder than ever, giving her all I had. After a few strokes I was close to bursting but I ploughed on. I could feel Taylor twitching and then she gave a cry and her passage just seemed to clamp down around me, making me spill my seed, ready or not.

I was ready. More than ready, quite happy to spill the load I had. For her part, the way she climaxed and clung to me she was more than ready to receive it. I blew the lot before slowly winding down to a halt.

Afterwards I was sitting in my chair feeling relaxed and a trifle smug. Taylor was sitting in the visitors, looking adorably dishevelled.

"Well," she finally said, "If I ever stuff something up and you complain I'll point to this little incident and say I've already had my punishment, because you beat me."

"That seems reasonable," I admitted. "I'm willing to go even further. I'll give you a few more spankings over the next few days and you'll have a whole bank of punishments ready to draw on."

Taylor gave me a look.

"I don't think so," she said. "I have a feeling that another spanking might lead on to something else, so I'll pass."

"Certainly, if that's the way you feel. After all, I'm not going to compel you. It'll be your choice all the way. Just like it was this afternoon."