  Chapter 11 – The Bitch Is Back

Over the next two weeks, it became my sole responsibility to get the new office setup and running. I worked with Nikki to order new furniture for each of the offices and schedule when it would be best to move each of the ladies. I had the electric turned on at the new office and ordered a new sign for the front of the building. I had the phone lines installed but did not have the numbers moved yet, since most of the business was still being done in the other office. The computer network was wired as well and was just waiting to be utilized.

I had new laptop that I was carrying with me as I was working at both locations, ensuring that things progressed for us smoothly. I would sit with Nikki at the old office and I would sit at the circular workstation in the center of the new office when I was there. I believed I had all our ducks in a row with Nikki's wonderful assistance. We had organized a schedule of who was to be moved based on when the new furniture would be arriving and everyone seemed to be on-board with our plans.

As luck would have it, Penny was the first to move. Her office furniture arrived on a Friday and I moved a lot of her boxes and computer equipment over that weekend. So, the following Monday was Penny's first day in our new office. It was decided that once Penny was going to be working there full time, she would not be left in the office alone. I would not be going back to the old office anymore, unless Penny needed to go there for a meeting or assignment.

We drove to work together that first Monday, officially opening the new Law Offices of Adams and Cartwright. Penny laughed as I unlocked the door. She loved her new office and spent a lot of that first day getting organized. I had to laugh as she strutted around office like the queen bee for a day. 

The next day was a little chaotic as the new furniture for Leslie's office arrived a week ahead of schedule. I spent the morning getting the furniture situated and called Leslie around noon.

"Hey there," she answered her office line.

"Hey back, beautiful," I greeted her. "You may want to start packing your shit. Your furniture arrived today. I know it's early, but we should still move you as soon as possible in case any other stuff arrives ahead of schedule."

"Ok, I will have a few boxes packed up that you can come and get tonight," Leslie complied. "You can take my computer Thursday night and I will be there full time on Friday."

"That works out great," I revealed. "Thank you for being so flexible about this."

"You'll find that isn't the only thing I am flexible about," she teased before hanging up on me.

Ah, Leslie always played the game differently which kept me on my toes. When Penny decided to call it a day, I locked up the office and headed over to the old office to pickup Leslie's boxes. After I had them loaded in the car, I headed home.

The next morning, as I was moving the 7 boxes of books Leslie had packed up from my car into her new office, I was surprised to see the furniture truck pull up. They weren't due for the next delivery until Friday. After speaking with them, I signed for the furniture for Brooke's office, two days early. This was getting to be a habit with these guys, one I hoped would not continue though I feared it would.

I got Brooke's new furniture settled in her office and unloaded all of Leslie's boxes from my car by day's end. When Penny headed home, I went to the old office to collect Leslie's computer system and remaining items. When I arrived, Leslie was waiting for me. She was great about helping and getting everything done in one trip. She followed me over to the new office and we began setting her up.

I had her computer up and running in no time flat. She began situating her office as I brought in the remaining boxes from her car. After delivering the last one onto one of the new chairs, I left Leslie to sort out her stuff. It was going to be nice having her here now as I was really starting to grow attached to our new space.

I sat in my current chair in the circular workstation in the middle of our office. I was about to call Brooke to tell her she could start moving her stuff in anytime she wanted but I was interrupted by a strange voice from behind me.

"New partner, new office, same gopher," the soft yet aggressive voice stated.

I turned in the chair to see Sienna standing behind me. I sprung to my feet and did a double take to ensure it was really her I was seeing and not just my imagination gone awry. I stared at her, in grand disbelief. I surveyed her up and down. She still looked great. She was wearing a simple blue button-down blouse and black skirt. She held her purse in her hands, just above her waist. The crooked grin on her face told me she was not here to apologize for her past misdeeds. I couldn't find anything to say, clever or otherwise.

"Not happy to see me," she toyed with me.

"What the fuck are you doing here," I asked bluntly.

"Oh, you know, loopholes, blowjobs and bribes go a long way in our legal system," she laughed. "I had a good enough lawyer to get me a short sentence and early release. You knew I would be back."

I didn't say a word. I continued to stare a hole through the sultry sadistic redhead.

"Is my friend Emma around," she asked mischievously. "She and I need to have a talk."

"She's not here," I answered honestly. "I thought you two had come to an agreement when you were originally arrested?"

"Well, times change and deals must change with them," she postured.

"I agree," an authoritative voice boomed from behind me.

I turned to see Leslie standing at the door of her office, her eyes burning a hole through Sienna. Leslie strode over to where I was standing and comfortably moved close to me. I stepped forward so that I was between the two women in case of anything.

"I have a deal for you," Leslie proposed. "You leave now and never return to this office again and I won't have your ass arrested for trespassing."

"You have no idea who I am, girl," Sienna retorted.

"Actually, I know more about you than you should be comfortable with," Leslie corrected her sharply. "Now, YOU WILL honor your original agreement with Emma. Case closed."

"You are a lucky boy," Sienna snickered at me. "If you didn't have these women to protect your weak ass, I would have you for lunch."

"It's time for you to leave Ms. Deville," Leslie announced.

Sienna turned around, her long, curly red hair following the snap of her head as she did. She headed for the door and as I watched her walk across the floor I was stunned to see that Penny was standing just inside the front door.

"Bitch," Sienna growled at Penny as she passed her.

"Cunt," Penny responded as Sienna made her way through the front door and out of the office.

Penny turned to stare at both Leslie and I. She walked slowly across the floor to where we were standing. I had no idea how long she had been standing there or that she was planning on coming back to the office tonight.

"That was very well done, Leslie," Penny complimented her. "Why don't you head home? You look like you should call it a day. We will start to sort this out here."

Leslie didn't disagree. She went back into her office and collected her keys and purse before heading home for the evening. Once Leslie was past the front door, Penny turned to me.

"I have to update Emma on this evening's events," Penny declared. "I don't think we have seen the last of Ms. Deville."

"I agree with you on that," I said. "She has something up her sleeve to play games with us. Leslie really handled her tonight, though."

"She really did," Penny concurred. "You should go reward her."

I looked at Penny curiously. She was wearing a devilish smirk.

"What did you have in mind," I pressed her.

"It's her reward, let her choose," Penny responded.

I shut off my computer and walked Penny to the front door. After locking up the office for the night, I escorted her to her car and kissed her lightly on the cheek. I turned and headed for my car without a word being exchanged.

"Hey Cinderella," Penny called after me. "You turn into a pumpkin again at midnight."

She both creative and subtle, which is why she drove me crazy and I was also crazy about her. I left the office and headed over to Leslie's house, which was only about 10 minutes from our new location. I parked in the driveway and made my way to the door quickly.

I rang the bell and waited patiently. Leslie took her time answering the door, though I knew better than to ring the bell a second time. I could tell that she was quite surprised to see me when she opened the door. She looked relaxed and comfortable in her grey cotton shorts and pink tank top. Her hair was up and she was clearly not wearing a bra. I smiled as I took in the sight of her.

"Hey, is something wrong," she asked quickly.

"Actually, no, nothing is wrong," I conveyed. "Penny wanted me to let you know how well you performed tonight."

"I have a feeling that we are not done with that bitch yet," Leslie stated.

"While we both agree with you, I think we don't have to worry about her anymore tonight," I surmised.

"I would think not," she agreed. "Is there something else?"

"Your reward," I announced.

"Which is what," she questioned.

"What ever you want it to be," I revealed.

"Oh," was her only response.

She seemed to be acting a little weird about the whole thing. The look on her face was almost startled.

"So you are not going to invite me in," I pressed her.

She looked at me, seemingly confused. I waited for a moment, in the silence, before Leslie stepped aside in the doorway and gestured with her arm for me to enter the house. I passed by her into the front hall as she closed the front door behind me. I turned to face her and was about to say something when I heard a strange sound come from the living room.

I froze where I stood and began to listen closely. I heard some oddly familiar sounds though I could not place them as to exactly what they were. I looked at Leslie and she was looking at me but would not make eye contact. I was trying to figure out what exactly was going on here when a loud sigh came from the living room. I looked at Leslie who looked away quickly. I turned and strode into the living room to see what the hell was going on.

I found an interesting sight when I arrived in the living room. There was a glass of red wine on the coffee table and a porno movie on the television. There was a young, blonde girl on screen giving a deep blowjob to a middle-aged man. He seemed to be enjoying it and I was getting turned on watching. I turned back to see that Leslie had followed me and I looked at her. She offered no expression or explanation.

"Getting yourself in the mood," I asked playfully.

"I don't know what to say," Leslie stuttered.

"You cannot possibly be embarrassed," I reprimanded her.

"Wouldn't you be," she challenged me.

"Hell no," I exclaimed. "We done some pretty intimate things with each other, why would I be embarrassed?"

"Because I was about to do some pretty intimate things by myself," she spelled out.

"So, who doesn't," I countered.

"Really, you wouldn't be embarrassed if I caught you jerking off," she questioned.

"Not at all," I cemented.

Leslie smiled crookedly and then turned her head on an angle to look at me.

"Prove it," she dared me.

"It's your reward, just tell me what you want to see," I pushed back.

She thought for a long moment as our eyes flipped between looking at each other and the couple on the television screen. My cock was fully engorged watching the young, blonde girl now riding the man's cock. Finally Leslie's attention turned back to me fully.

"I want to watch you get naked," she announced.

She moved around to sit on the couch. She picked up her glass of wine and sipped it as I unbuttoned my shirt. I tore it off and tossed it to the floor. Leslie stared at me as if I were the only other person in the world at that moment. I kicked off my shoes and undid my belt. I unbuttoned and unzippered my pants, letting them fall to the floor. I bent over, pulled off my sock and kicked my pants into the pile at my side. Finally, I slid down my boxers letting my fully erect cock stand impressively in front of me. I kicked my boxers into the pile as Leslie licked her lips watching me.

"Come sit down," Leslie instructed, indicating that I should join her on the couch.

I made my way over to where she was sitting and planted myself next to her. She turned sideways on the couch to face me. I looked into her beautiful eyes and waited for her next command.

"I want to see you stroke your cock," Leslie said. "Do it for me."

I wasted no time in wrapping my right hand around my meat. I pumped it slowly, in long, deliberate strokes so she could get a good view. The precum bubbled from the head of my dick with each upstroke. Leslie bent her head down after four or five long strokes and licked the precum off the tip of my tool. She sipped her wine again as I continued to torture my rod with slow, steady tugs.

I looked at Leslie's shorts and noticed a wet spot growing on the grey cotton, indicating that she was not wearing anything underneath them. The precum began flowing again heavily with my next pump. Leslie put her wine down and stopped my stroking by grabbing my hand. She lowered her head into my lap and took my shaft into her mouth. She engulfed my member and bobbed up and down on it at the same slow, deliberate pace I had been manipulating it. I leaned back and breathed out heavily as she worked my full length in and out of her sexy mouth.

I groaned as Leslie let her saliva cover my cock as she worked my tool into the back of her throat repeatedly. My boner throbbed violently inside Leslie's mouth each time she surrounded my shaft. She teased me playfully, keeping her pace slow and steady. I groaned and clutched the cushions of the couch firmly. Leslie raised her head to look at me while she stroked my cock with her hand, still at a slow pace.

"I don't know about you, but if I don't cum soon I might lose my mind," Leslie exclaimed.

She released her grip on my rod and stood up. She pulled her tank top over her head and tossed it to the floor. Her gorgeous boobs popped free and I loved the sight of them. Leslie then bent over and pushed down her little grey shorts. Her bare pussy was now the focus of my attention. She stepped in front of me and turned around. 

Leslie lowered herself onto my lap and guided my rod into her soaked opening. She accepted my full length with no resistance at all. She sighed heavily as my entire shaft was buried inside her. She leaned back, laying her back against my chest, which allowed me to kiss her neck as she worked her midsection up and down on my pole. She rode me hard and fast as she repeatedly accepted my cock inside her box. I was not going to last long at all.

Leslie bucked and twitched as she bounced up and down on my lap. My throbbing dick could take no more and I erupted inside of her. She did not stop riding me ferociously as I dumped buckets of liquid into her pussy. I came hard, fast and in thick spurts as Leslie continued to impale herself on my tool.

"Oh God," she cried out. "Oh God! OH GOD! OH FUCK!!"

She crashed onto me again and again until a wave of ecstasy swept over her. She accepted my full length again and grinded her twat on my rod as she came. Leslie quivered and spasmed while on top of me. Watching her body move like that on top of me got me exceptionally hot. My cock did not have time to go limp inside of her before she began riding it again, angrily. 

She continued to drill herself onto my bone over and over and over. She was relentless and fucked me like a wild animal. She slammed into my lap and onto my cement hard shaft time after time. Leslie bounced up and down on my rock hard member until my second orgasm built to near climax. I tensed up and grunted.

"Are you going to cum again," she asked, almost out of breath.

"Very soon," was all I could say in response.

Leslie sprang up off of me and onto the couch beside me. She gobbled up my cock again, licking it and taking it into her mouth. She pumped it quickly as she licked her juices from it. After only a few seconds I exploded again. I shot 3 or 4 thick streams of jizz into her mouth and down her throat. When I was done Leslie laid her head on my chest in a very content manner.

"That felt good," she declared.

"I am glad you liked it," I said.

"Fucking you is the best part of this game," she revealed.

"You are too kind," I laughed.

She lifted her head from my chest and reached for the remote. She shut off the television and stood from the couch. I watched as she collected her cloths and made her way towards the hall.

"Tell Penny that I said 'Thank You' when you get home," Leslie requested. "I am going to take a shower."

She disappeared from the living room and I heard her bare feet slap against the wood of the stairs as she headed for her room. I motivated myself to get dressed and head home. When I arrived at the house, Penny was waiting up for me. She was sitting in the living room and I noticed her as I made my way up the stairs..

"Leslie thanks you," I relayed.

"She is more than welcome," Penny replied. "But we have a bigger issue."

"What's that," I asked.

"Emma received a package from our visitor tonight," Penny disclosed. "We have a mandatory meeting tomorrow at 8am."

"Do we know what the package contained," I pressed.

"We will all find out together tomorrow," she confirmed. "Go get some sleep."

I could see she was in no mood to be held tonight, she had too much on her mind. I reached my room and tossed my cloths onto my desk chair. I threw on a t-shirt and climbed into bed where Vivian was waiting for me.

She leaned up and kissed me gently on the lips before laying her head on my chest. We drifted off in silence.