 Please read part one of this little set before you read this... it's not vital but it introduces the characters a bit. At this point I was only thinking of instant gratification Hope you enjoy it! ~A

*****

Monday morning couldn't come fast enough. All weekend I caught myself daydreaming about Bryce, staring off into space and remembering... But I had to keep some level of focus when I went into work at noon on Monday. If Jen noticed I was distracted, she didn't say anything. We did our usual nod/shuffle thing, getting her stuff out of the way so she could take it upstairs and I could slide into the receptionist's desk.

I was on edge for easily an hour, hoping to see Bryce and at the same time hoping he wouldn't show up in the lobby. It'd be easy for him to avoid seeing me, since the lobby is in the center of a ring of offices/cubicles. Even to get to the bathroom, which is across the lobby from his desk, he could still go around. But finally he did come through, and I could tell he had to work to keep from grinning at me. I know my eyes were on him the entire time it took him to walk through the lobby here. He probably knew it too, and as such he didn't look up.

When he came back, though, he was watching me through the doorway while I was on the phone, and I happened to look up and catch his eyes on me. I faltered, fumbling over the words as I told the person on the phone our address. Not something hard to remember. But I had to apologize twice as I screwed up, because all information had suddenly been wiped out of my head, and all I could see was Bryce. He grinned and disappeared from view, making it easier for me to finish my call. Once he heard he hang up, however, he reappeared and came over to lean against the desk in front of me. "Sorry about that," he murmured quietly.

I blushed, smiling at him. "It wasn't your fault," I replied, trying not to look up and meet his eyes, since I knew I'd probably have the same problem all over again. I failed miserably.

He caught my eyes and held them. "I had trouble sleeping this weekend," he murmured, making me blush, but I couldn't look away. "I nearly crashed on my way home Friday night."

I winced. "Sorry..."

He shook his head. "Don't be. I was having a very nice daydream. It involved the office around the corner..." he muttered, dropping his voice even lower. I shuddered as I inadvertently glanced to my right, thinking about it. "Do you have any free time?" he asked next, making me clench my legs tightly to keep from humping the chair.

"I have to stay put," I replied, hating it. "I could call Jen to cover me for the time it takes to run to the bathroom... but not much more."

He nodded glumly, glancing down to look at the clock on the monitor of my computer. "And we've ages to go yet before the end of the day..." he murmured half to himself, looking quite dejected.

"Bryce," I murmured, making him look up with a grin. I think hearing me say his name surprised him somehow. I guess I normally just say 'good morning' or something, rarely address him by name. "I'll call Jen, tell her I need something to eat. Meet me in the break room in five minutes?"

His eyes lept, and he positively ran across the lobby and out towards the kitchen. I was grinning as I called up to Jen. "Hey, I didn't eat lunch before I came. Can you cover me for a bit while I grab some chips or something?" For a sec I was worried she would say no, but she was fine with it. As expected. I thanked her profusely when she came down, then ran to the kitchen. Unfortunately Stacy was there talking with Bryce, so I couldn't do anything rash like jump him on sight. But once she saw me she quickly excused herself with a knowing smile. Instead of saying hi, I thanked her as she passed, making her grin.

I quickly hugged him, but had to step back because I knew there would be other people coming in soon. "Where's that empty office?" I asked quickly, and he nodded catching my urgency. He led me the long way around so Jen wouldn't see, and we quickly blocked ourselves into the office, which luckily enough didn't have a window so we could have some privacy.

The instant the door was shut we were on each other, arms locked around one another and lips firmly stuck together. I'd been dreaming about him all weekend... I had a feeling he'd been doing the same. When he started kissing my neck I caught my breath, then whispered, "I want you, Bryce..."

I felt him shudder. "We don't have time," he whispered, clutching me to his chest.

I sighed. "No we don't. But I owe you for Friday..." He went stiff as I said it, and I had to smile. "You might want to sit..." I suggested - he fell into the desk chair. When I reached for his belt he groaned, and I could see the immediate tent in his pants. I undid the belt, then the pants, fumbling since I was trying to move too fast. When my fingers grasped the elastic of his boxers his stomach muscles jumped as if I'd shocked him with electricity. I would've moved slower, doing it to tease him, but I desperately wanted to see his cock.

I wasn't disappointed. His stiff shaft was more than six inches long, I'd guess maybe seven and a half. Just having his member exposed to the air made him groan, and I had a feeling this wouldn't last very long. "If I can't have you, I can at least help," I told him with a sensual wink, repeating more or less what he'd told me on Friday. My fingers jumped to circle him, rubbing up and down a few times as his hips lurched and he groaned. Seeing how quickly he was going, I bent down.

"Oh God Marie..." I heard him whisper as my tongue reached out, once it had touched him he wasn't talking anymore. I stroked around his cock head before closing my lips on him, and I had to use my tongue then to clean up the leak of pre cum that immediately started flowing. His hands jumped to my head, petting my hair and encouraging me as his hips strained to stay still. When I paused to catch my breath, he groaned, "I was dreaming about this... having you do it is *so* much better..." I grinned up at him quickly before returning to his member, this time slowly sliding my mouth as far down as I could go. I got most of him the first time, retreating then trying again and making it all the way down.

As my lips hit his pelvis, he groaned and I swear he sounded like he was about to die. He moaned my name as I used my tongue on the underside of his shaft, then slid up and down him again, starting to move in a regular rhythm. It took maybe five strokes before I felt him tensing, and I increased my tonguing as well as moving my hand to gently fondle his balls. With a grunting cry, he spasmed and then exploded in my mouth, loosing enough salty cum to have me hard pressed to keep up. I managed all but a tiny drip that dripped out of the corner of my mouth.

When I looked up, his eyes were half closed with sleepy pleasure, and his hand rose to wipe away the stray drop of fluid. I caught his hand and sucked his thumb clean, making him sigh - it might have been a groan if he hadn't bee completely groaned-out for the moment. "That was amazing," he whispered. I just smiled. "You want a ride home later?" he asked next, making me shudder and nod several times quickly. He grinned. "Good, just checking. I'll have to put the back seats down and spread a blanket for us. There's no way I can go another night just dreaming about having you."

I shuddered with delight, grinning as I nodded.