 Chapter 12 -- Competition

The next morning was quiet at the house. We all got ready with very little being said. Penny drove herself to the office we were in the process of vacating while I rode over with Vivian. We arrived to find that everyone was waiting on us.

Vivian and I made our way into the conference where Emma, Leslie, Penny, Nikki and Brooke were all seated and ready. I took an open seat on the left of the big table next to Penny and Vivian sat on the other side of me. No greetings or pleasantries were exchanged; we simply waited for Emma to speak.

"A courier came to my house last night," Emma began, with the rest of us hanging on every word. "He delivered a note and this."

She held up a silver disk. She opened the note and read it aloud.

"Happy Viewing, Sienna."

Emma handed the disk to Penny who got up and put it into the DVD player on the shelf. Penny turned on the flat panel television hanging on the wall and started the disk.

Sienna came onto the screen, in what appeared to be her bedroom. She was wearing a white button-down blouse that was not buttoned. She had on a lace black bra and matching panties. She stared directly into the camera and spoke.

"Hello Miss Emma," Sienna began. "Have you missed me, doll? I know your boytoy has. I am out now and it's time for some changes. I am going to honor our agreement but I wanted you to be the first to know that you are not the only power player with sexual game anymore. I have started a game of my own and have some real quality players. I did my research on your team and I am continuing to put together a team I think will be highly competitive. I have made legitimate deals with them and have not violated our agreement, so fair is fair."

She stopped speaking and moved out of the view of the camera. It panned to her bed showing a woman laying on her back and getting fucked hard. The man's body was barely visible but the camera zoomed in on the face of the woman. There were several gasps in the conference room when we all realized that the woman getting fucked was Lisa, Brooke and Leslie's sister. I was shocked.

The video continued as another woman came into view. She had short, curly red hair and a nice body. She moved to the bed quickly and squatted over Lisa's face. Her hair covered her face until Lisa began licking her pussy and she shifted her hair. 

"NO!!!!" Nikki cried out as tears began to pour down her face.

It was Monica on the screen, getting her box eaten by Lisa.

"Motherfucker," Brooke exclaimed.

Penny stood from her chair and walked around the table to where Nikki was seated. She hugged her and held her tightly.

"Nicholette," I said, "we will figure this out and do our best to fix it."

Nikki nodded her head through her tears and sat back down. As Penny sat back down, Sienna came back into view on the screen.

"I have played fair in setting up my game," Sienna declared. "I have legitimate agreements with my players and I am interested in adding a few more that are currently free-agents. I have even taken some steps towards landing a major player who is currently on the market."

Sienna stepped out of frame and allowed the bed to come back into focus. Monica was now on all fours getting fucked from behind by the mystery man. Lisa was underneath her and licking her pussy as the man entered and exited her. The camera approached the bed slowly and the man's face started to become more clearly visible.

"I'm gonna fucking kill that little shit," Leslie yelled.

Brad's face had come into full view on the screen in front of us. I looked to Nikki, who had stopped crying but looked broken. I looked away and turned my attention back to the screen.

"MELINDA," Brooke screamed. "She is targeting Mindy!"

"Fuck," Penny shrieked.

Penny looked at Leslie and then at Emma. They both nodded as Emma stopped the video on the screen. Penny grabbed the phone in the middle of the table and passed it Leslie. Leslie put it on speaker and dialed quickly. The phone rang only once before it was answered.

"Hello," a cheerful young voice said.

"Mindy, it's Aunt Leslie," Leslie announced. "Honey, I am here with everyone."

"Everyone, wow, to what do I owe the honor," Mindy giggled.

"Mindy, it's Penny," Penny took over. "We have discussed it and after the way you handled the lesson that Brooke and Leslie taught you, we are ready to make you a full time player in the game."

"Well, it took you long enough," Mindy scoffed. "I have another offer I am currently weighing."

"Melinda," Brooke yelled. "Stop being a little shit and just say yes already."

"Is she allowed to talk to me like that," Mindy asked condescendingly.

"Mindy, it's Emma, tell us, who is the other offer from," Emma asked in a very soft but serious tone.

"It's from Brad," Mindy admitted shyly. "To join a game similar to yours that he is now a part of."

"Mindy, that offer isn't from Brad, sweetie," Emma informed her.

"Then who is it from," Mindy questioned with a very unbelieving tone in her voice.

"The woman running the game that Brad is now a part of," Emma revealed. "She is doing everything in her power to try to hurt the people in this room right now. Getting you into her game is just another piece of her plan. We would all rather you joined us, where we can keep you safe."

"But it's Brad," Mindy rebutted. "He would never let anyone hurt me."

"I hate to tell you this, but Brad doesn't care about you, sweetie," Emma stated. "He is only doing what he is told."

"That's bullshit," Mindy said angrily.

"Mindy, it's Nikki," Nikki chimed in, pain still filling her voice. "I just watched a video of Brad fucking your mom and the woman I love most in this world at the same time. Don't put anyone else here in the kind of pain I am in. Please."

"Everyone seems to be in agreement," Mindy surmised softly, trying to hide her complete shock at what she had just heard about Brad. "What does he think?"

"Melinda, sweetheart," I began, "you belong with us. You and I both know that you have want to be part of this game for a while, not only because you thought you were not allow in, but also because you knew it was a safe place to be. Our game is where you can enjoy the perks of a situation built on the right reasons and not the wrong ones. We will keep you safe, just like we keep each other safe now."

There was no response. We all stared at each other around the table as we waited. The silence was deafening, but the looks I was receiving told me that I had said the right things.

"Are you there," Leslie asked.

"Yes," Mindy responded, not more calculated. "It seems like I have all the leverage here."

"Actually, you very much do," Emma confirmed without relinquishing her position.

"I don't want to see any of you hurt," Mindy admitted. "But I have a tough time telling Brad no. He's got a spell over me. When I see him on campus, I freeze, every time."

"What if I tell him no for you," I offered.

"I have a better idea," Penny interrupted me. "Why don't we give you a signing bonus?"

"A signing bonus," Mindy repeated, sounding very much intrigued. "What would it be?"

The eyes in the conference room were all on Penny. She was shifting on the fly to get this done. I loved the way she just took hold of things. Damn she was adorable.

"What are your plans for tonight," Penny asked her.

"It's Friday night," Mindy stated. "I am going to a frat party."

"What if I sent him to accompany you for the evening," Penny offered. "Anything goes."

"Anything goes," Mindy repeated loudly, seemingly very surprised by that statement.

"That way Brad will get the message," Penny said.

"Anything goes," Mindy said again. "So if I want him to fuck me in front of everyone at that party, he will?"

"That would certainly send Brad a clear message," I said.

"Anything means anything," Penny confirmed.

"Awesome," Mindy exclaimed. "If that is your offer, then I am would love to be part of your game."

"Mindy, I need you to understand some things," Emma said. "First, I need you to send me an acceptance email stating that you will be joining our game, just for record keeping purposes. We need to keep things clear between us and Sienna. Second, just because you are getting this bonus, does not mean you are exempt from the rest of the rules of our game. I need you to be clear on that."

"Ok, I will send the confirmation as soon as I get off the phone," Mindy agreed. "I also understand that I will be a player in the game, as the rest of you are and that the rules do apply to me too. I really have wanted to be a part of this for a while. Thank you. What time should I expect him?"

"What time is the party," I asked.

"8."

"Then expect me at 8," I stated. "We will make a grand entrance together."

"See you tonight," Mindy said lustily as she hung up the phone.

Everyone sat back in their chairs and took a deep breath. We looked at each other in short, shy glances. This was a long way from over. Sienna had made a mess of things.

"Ok, we have some work to do," Emma declared, staring at Penny.

"We need to know what her deals are with her people," Penny stated. "Nikki can you call Monica and have her join us for a meeting?"

Nikki nodded and stood from her chair. She left the conference room without a word.

"Mindy is with us," I revisited. "Is there anyone else we should think of trying to protect?"

"Not that I can think of," Emma admitted. "But, this bitch is on my last nerve."

I had not seen Emma with that much fire in her eyes in long time. She was extremely pissed off at the entire situation. While I was watching Emma, the phone in the conference room began to ring. Nikki came through the door and put the phone on speaker. 

"Monica, you are on the box with everyone," Nikki said very coldly.

"Hello everyone," Monica greeted us with her charming Australian accent.

"Monica, this is Penny," Penny announced herself. "What the hell is going on?"

"What do you mean," Monica asked, seemingly taken back by Penny's position.

Penny looked at Nikki, who was shaking her head in her hands. I knew she was crying again.

"I'm sorry, I thought Nikki had informed you of what was happening here today," Penny continued.

"No, she didn't say anything to me about the office," Monica admitted.

"Well, we got a video sent to us," Penny disclosed. "Sienna Deville wanted to get our attention and she certainly did just that."

There was no response from the other end of the phone. We waited, without pressure or anxiety. We waited.

"Nikki, I am so sorry," Monica finally said, through half audible sobs.

"What happened," Nikki asked.

"She painted a picture of a different kind of game," Monica answered. "I can't get into details, but she doesn't play nice. It's not the same as your game."

"Monica, why don't you just stop playing her game," I asked.

"I wish it was that simple," Monica countered. "She has, well, leverage."

"We're not going to put you in a position where you are uncomfortable or scared," Penny announced. "Thank you for taking the time to talk to all of us."

"You're welcome," Monica replied, "and I'm sorry."

We all heard the line disconnect and there was silence again. Emma stood from her chair and left the room. No one else moved or spoke, we just continued to glance around at each other. Sienna had really rocked our world today. There was an air of concern that surrounded all of us.

Emma returned with her palm pilot in her hand. She was doing something on it when she sat down again. She pulled the phone to her and began dialing out on the speaker. The line rang and was quickly answered.

"Hello," a distinct voice greeted us.

"Sienna, it's Emma Cartwright," Emma stated.

"Hello Miss Emma," Sienna replied. "I had a feeling I would be hearing from you."

No one else in the room was making a sound now. Our eyes and ears were focused on the phone box.

"We need to talk, face to face," Emma suggested.

"I agree," Sienna concurred. "How about Monday morning?"

"That would be fine," Emma agreed. "What time should we expect you?"

"Oh no, darling, you misunderstood," Sienna said. "We will meet and talk, but on my terms. You will come to my house; I will have Bradley email you directions. Be there at 10am sharp. I have a busy day."

"We will see you on Monday then," Emma concluded.

Sienna's line disconnected and again there was chilling silence in the room. Everyone was looking at Emma but it was not she who spoke next.

"Ok, we have what we wanted," Penny declared. "Let prepare for it and be ready when we get there. I think it's best that only Emma, he and I go to this meeting."

"I agree," Emma said. "We can spend the day preparing for the meeting and he can get home to change."

Penny turned to face me.

"Have fun with Mindy," she said to me. "And if you see Brad, make sure he's clear on how things are."

"Count on it," I said before standing from my chair and exiting the conference room.

I walked out of the suite and Vivian followed me. I had forgotten that she had given me a ride that morning. It was nice of her to drive me back home without making me ask. The car ride was silent. Vivian pulled up in front of our house, but did not shut off the car. When I got out and closed the door, she pulled away and drove off. I am not sure to where.

I wasted the day at home and didn't get much accomplished. I thought a lot about Sienna and the strong move she had made today. What was going to come from our meeting on Monday? I lost track of time but I was ready to go in plenty of time to be at Mindy's school by 8. The ride was much less stressful than I thought it would be on a Friday afternoon. I pulled in the parking lot of Mindy's dorm and grabbed my suit jacket from the back seat. I also grabbed the flowers I had picked up for her.

As I walked across the courtyard and through the dorm, heads turned. Young men and women were surveying where I was headed with a large bouquet of flowers and wearing a suit. It was a normal Friday on campus, t-shirts and jeans were running rampant while books were nowhere to be found. I reached the door to Mindy's room and knocked firmly as I could hear music playing from inside.

The door opened and Mindy greeted me with a wide smile. She was dressed to thrill, far passing the conservative nature of my suit. I stepped back and took in the sight of her gorgeous frame. Mindy was wearing a classic little, black dress. It was strapless with the top portion being corset-like and hugging her body tightly. The bottom was frilly and wide, though not very long at all. She had on black, velvet pumps that were 4 inches high. Her blue eye shadow and light pink lipstick were quite noticeable against her pale complexion. Her short black hair was the perfect backdrop for the large silver hoop earrings she was wearing. Everything about her ensemble screamed "Notice Me."

I handed Mindy the flowers I had brought for her. She accepted them and smiled at me.

"Thanks, but you didn't need to get me these," Mindy said.

"I thought it would be a nice gesture," I responded.

"Yeah, the only gesture I care about tonight is the one where we both end up sweaty and exhausted," she admitted.

"My, my, someone's confidence has grown," I laughed.

"I am confident enough to know how to be a complete slut when I am in the mood," she snapped. "Lucky for you tonight I am in the mood."

Mindy threw the door to her room wide open to reveal a young woman standing behind her. The young lady was looking in a large mirror and adjusting her outfit. She was rather attractive and several inches taller than Mindy. She had dirty blonde hair that fell past her shoulders, down to about midway on her back. She was thin framed with a tight body that was evident thanks to the electric blue minidress she was wearing. She had on blue open-toe sandals to compliment the dress. She turned to face me as the light reflected off the diamonds that were hanging from her ears.

"This is my roommate, Brandi," Mindy introduced us.

Brandi extended her hand and I accepted it, raising it to my mouth and kissing it gently.

"I told you he was simple," Mindy said to Brandi.

"Yeah, he's charming," Brandi replied as if I were not standing right in front of her.

Mindy placed the flowers I had given her on the coffee table in her room and then we were off to the party. Brandi grabbed Mindy's hand and began dragging her across the campus. Mindy grabbed my hand and towed me along with her. We moved briskly, with Brandi leading the charge. I received curious looks from the young women on campus as the two ladies hauled me towards the party. The looks from the young men on the campus were mostly of jealousy.

We reached the frat house in a very short time. Brandi's pace in 4 inch heels was impressive to say the least. She acted as if she owned the place, bursting through the door and commanding the attention of the room. All eyes were on her as she dragged Mindy and I through the door and straight to an open area where people were dancing.

The two sexy ladies began to dance around me. There movements soon turned into a full on show as she were grinding against me and running their hands along any part of my body that they pleased. I went with the flow, trying to move with them but mostly letting them do whatever they wanted without getting in their way. 

This dance routine went on for easily a half hour, as each of the girls stepped away repeatedly at different intervals to fire back shots of tequila. My cock was bursting through my pants and I was worked up beyond words throughout the session. I tried to keep my head about me as I continue to glance around the room. The party went on around us but neither of the ladies I was with seemed to care or even notice that there was anyone else in the room. Their concentration was on how they moved their bodies around me.

That all changed when the door flew open and 7 young men in very good shape walked in. I immediately recognized one of them to be Brad. I assumed that the rest of the guys around him must have been members of the baseball team. I remembered Brad mentioning he played ball and these guys all had on letterman jackets, as if that made them unified or even tough.

Brandi immediately made her way over to the guy who was in front of the little pack. She kissed him on the cheek but his eyes were burning a hole through me. I shot a small grin back at him, just to irritate him a little. Brad stepped out from behind the guy who Brandi had attached herself to and made his way towards me. He was walking with a purpose, anger and testosterone in his eyes. I was, after all, on his turf.

"What the hell are you doing here," he barked at me over the music as he crossed the room.

"I was invited," I informed him pleasantly.

He attempted to step past me towards Mindy when I stepped in front of him and cut him off.

"Perhaps you and I need to have a word alone," I said to him, our noses almost touching.

He nodded and I followed him into the kitchen of the frat house.

"Who the fuck do you think you are coming here," Brad yelled at me in his best macho voice.

The kid I had met months before had changed. There was anger and entitlement in his eyes as he spoke.

"Son, first of all, lower your voice," I instructed him. "Second, as I said, I was invited. You need to do me a favor and deliver a message to your boss for me."

"What boss," he growled.

"Miss Sienna," I stated clearly.

His eyes widened, and then got very sharp.

"I don't know anyone named Sienna," he lied. "I am about to have my boys drag you out of here and kick the shit out of you."

"Really, I have a video that says otherwise," I chuckled at him. "She sent it to me to get my attention and now she has it. So, now I want your attention."
