 *** I enjoy feedback, so please speak up and tell me what you think. I haven't submitted a story in a while and reallywant to know what readers think******

I have learned that sometimes it pays to keep your mouth shut, but sometimes it pays to speak up. I don't usually listen to other people's conversations, but I find it entertaining when women talk candidly and open with each other. I was sitting in the corporate lunchroom, enjoying a light meal and a break from the usual drudgery of the office. I couldn't help but overhear the conversation that was taking place at the table next to mine. Three women, two I knew and one that I didn't, were discussing their relationships with men. 

The women complained about the same problems that every woman does. It was hard to find a good man, and it was even more difficult to find a man that cared about a woman's needs. It came down to the same old complaining that I've heard a thousand times. I thought about switching to a different table, but an interesting comment caught my attention.

"Men have it easy. They get what they want and then leave." Said a short-haired brunette named Donna. "I don't think they ever feel guilty about what they do"

"I am so sick of having to be on guard around guys." Interjected a red head named Janice from the accounting department. 

"But society will label you a slut if you act like a man, and act on your sexual impulses." Added the third lady who I had never met.

They continued for a few minutes more, and I could not help but join the conversation.

"I think you're wrong on most accounts. The problem isn't with men, it's with women." I said, leaning back in my chair and looking back at the trio.

Shocked silence greeted me as the women looked at one another with their mouths agape. They could not believe what I had just said. Had I dared to speak up for male-kind and lay some of the blame on women?

"I would expect a man to say something like that." Donna said, and her companions echoed her sentiment. "Men make the rules, and the rules favor them."

I turned my chair around to face the group, and realized that I was facing a hostile audience. 

"Look, I won't deny that men have many advantages that women don't. The world is simply not a fair place. But a women has the greatest advantage when it comes to a relationship with a man." I began explaining.

"Here it comes, the same old lecture that comes down to women using sex to get what they want." Janice said, interrupting me.

I held up my hands to fend her off, and continued with what I was saying. "No, it doesn't. But, when sexual satisfaction and a healthy relationship are a woman's problem, then how that woman approaches sex becomes vital to getting what she wants."

I scooted my chair closer to the group as I began to speak in greater detail. I didn't need the entire room listening to my every word.

"Not every man is a great person, nor is every woman. If you date a man with the wrong qualities, then you won't get what you want. It requires a woman to put aside all the bullshit fed to her by both a chauvinistic male society, as well as a frustrated feminist agenda." 

"That's easy to say, but not so easy to do." Donna said.

"Isn't it? It's simple to look back at all the men you have dated and find out what traits they have in common. Once you do that, you can avoid men who have those traits. If you find that you date men in their early twenties who are immature, then perhaps you shook look at men that are a bit older. If you date men that are so career obsessed that they ignore your needs, then look for a man who is comfortable with his career."

I took a deep breath to gather my thoughts and summed up everything as best as I could. "Every woman wants to date or marry that rich, dashing young prince, and every man wants the beautiful, sexy princess. The world is full of average people who are attractive, funny and desirable, and are not rich, young or drop-dead gorgeous. If you know what you want then you can get it. I'm not saying that you should settle, but I do think that you shouldn't overlook the nice guy right next to you because your obsessing with finding the ideal man that doesn't exist."

"So if I want a little oral attention in the afternoon, and I don't want to reciprocate, then I can get it?" Asked Donna with a sarcastic smirk on her face.

"Do you?" 

I could tell she had been trying to shock me and I surprised her with my quick response.

"You were being sarcastic, but you made a good example. If you propositioned a guy in his early twenties and made that exact offer, he may turn you down. You get an orgasm, but what does he get? Now, make that same offer to someone a few years older, and you will probably get a different response. An older man can understand sex beyond what he is receiving. He may enjoy giving as much as taking, and would get a thrill out of the basic sexual contact"

"I'm not sure about that." Janice said as she dismissed my observation with a flick of her hand.

"So you have never been in a situation where the act of giving someone pleasure was sexually charging and fulfilling all by itself?" 

"I guess, but men are different from women."

"That's the problem. Because of your experiences, you see men as being different. If you keep picking men with the same bad qualities, then you will continue to have problems." 

I glanced at my watch and realized the conversation had gone on for too long. I had a meeting coming up in a few minutes and didn't want to be late.

"The conversation has been interesting ladies, but I have to go." I said as I stood and returned my chair to its proper place. "I hope you seriously think about what I said, and realize that not all men are selfish. You don't need to always be on guard and occasionally showing your sexual side may make you a lot happier."

I arrived at my meeting with time to spare, and spent a few minutes doodling on a notepad. I found the opinions of the three women interesting. I have always found it funny that most women do not have the slightest idea of what power they hold over themselves or the men around them. 

The meeting was boring as usual, and I found myself thinking about Donna. She was the most attractive and at twenty-eight years old, the youngest of the three women. She wasn't a sexy model or a pornstar, but she was pretty, with breasts the size of large apples, and an ample but firm ass. I was still musing about her when the meeting ended and I walked back to my office.

Still thinking about the earlier conversation, I was in my office for less than a minute when I heard a knock on my open door. I looked up, surprised to find Donna smiling at me from the doorway. Our departments had little to do with each other, so I knew what she had come to talk about.

"Hi Donna, come on in." I said, and tried to not sound like a lecher.

She came in and sat in one of the chairs across from my desk. "I just want to apologize for earlier in the lunchroom." She said, as she nervously ran her hands down her thighs. "Kim has been having a few problems with her boyfriend, and we were just commiserating to make her feel better"

I now knew the name of the other woman, but it was Donna that I was becoming more interested in. My office was chilly, and I could see the outlines of her stiffened nipples through the fabric of her blouse.

"Hey, it's no big deal. I figured it was something like that. I just hate to see anyone complain about something they have the power to change." I explained while trying hard to not look at what I judged to be two eraser-sized nipples. "Not to mention that I'm probably too nosy for my own good."

"I was thinking about what you said, and started reviewing the guys I usually date. They are all the same type; younger than me and only interested in themselves." She said. "But what I was really wondering about was your statement about a man giving sexually but not expecting anything in return."

"I said that a man may not need reciprocation, but if he finds a woman attractive enough to fulfill her desires, he would naturally want more. You have to realize that you don't always get everything you want, and sometimes getting just a little is all you need."

"Let's say, hypothetically of course, that I propositioned a man to perform oral sex on me, but I would not give anything in return. Wouldn't I be a tease to leave him all excited?" She asked, with a curious tilt to her head.

"You would be if you didn't spell everything out from the beginning. But, if you are forthright about what you want and what you will give in return, then there is no problem. I'm sure that man would either take care of his own needs or in turn find someone who would."

Donna was quiet for a few seconds before she abruptly stood, surprising me with her swift movement. I assumed the conversation had become too heated for her and she was leaving, but instead of saying good-bye, she closed and then locked my office door.

"Would you consider such a proposition?" She asked with her back facing me.

"Wow, I didn't expect this." I said, and it was the truth. I like talking about sex, and maybe even flirting, but I had not expected Donna to come on to me. "I'm married you know?"

I rapidly thought of a million reasons not to do it. I was a married man, with a loving wife and two wonderful kids. My sex life was not only healthy but also satisfying. What would I be gaining from this adulterous act? My wife and I had spoken often about threesomes with other women and men, but it had remained a fantasy. I found myself torn between the thrill of something new and risky, and the possible outcome of that risk. I quickly thought it through, but not quickly enough.

"Shit, I was just kidding. I should get back to work." Donna said, and her voice was shaking with embarrassment.

"Hold on a minute." I said before she could unlock the door. "Don't you want my answer?"

"Okay..."

I made up my mind in that split second. "Why don't you come over here to my desk." I said as my heart began to pound in my chest.

Donna hesitated but turned and came over to me. She waited silently as I pushed papers and pens to the corners of the desk, giving her an open spot to sit. She slid onto my desk, and I momentarily felt lost about how to continue. This didn't happen to me everyday, and it had been a long time since I removed the clothing of an unfamiliar woman.

I placed my hands on her thighs, and could feel the heat of her body beneath the thin fabric that covered them. I could hear her breathe in the silence of the room as I slid my hands up to her waist and began unbuttoning her pants. I slid the zipper down, exposing her pink panties.

"I would never have taken you for a woman who wears pink." I told her with a smile. "But it's very cute."

Donna giggled like a schoolgirl and kicked her shoes off as I finished removing her pants. I dropped to my knees on the floor and began rubbing my face against her thighs, her soft skin flush and warm against my face. I could smell her musky pussy as I moved upward and I savored the warm scent.

I parted Donna's legs without any resistance, and my cock stiffened in my pants as I gazed upon her plump, panty-covered mound. She had obviously found our earlier conversation exciting, because her juices had soaked the crotch of her panties, staining them a darker pink. Her pussy milk saturated the thin cotton and leaked through in small droplets of dew that I could not wait to taste. I grabbed the waistband of her panties and pulled them upward, drawing them tighter against her hot flesh, and making her swollen pussy lips bulge obscenely against the cloth. She gasped as the pressure of the panties against her ripe pussy forced her juices through the fabric like a sieve. 

Leaning forward, I pressed my mouth against the stressed cloth and lapped at the salty girl-syrup, causing Donna to squirm and sigh. I licked a few more times before pulling her panties off, and the need to stroke my cock became unbearable as my eyes feasted on her delicious slit. Her pussy was cleanly shaven with a thin metal bar that vertically pierced her clit, which sat buried between her swollen outer lips.

"Oh shit." I gasped as I saw a thin stream of pussy milk oozing from between her sticky lips. I couldn't wait any longer, and leaned forward, licking her outer lips and causing Donna to shiver. Her juices were sticky and slightly salty, clinging to my tongue like honey. I lapped at her swollen lips until her legs shook, and her pussy juice streamed from her slit, pooling in the dimple of her asshole. 

I pressed my mouth to the flower of her ass and noisily slurped out her gathered juices. She had not mentioned it, but I seized the opportunity to wiggle my tongue against her tight anal ring. She gasped, but didn't try to stop me as I pressed into the center of her tight circle, savoring the musky taste of her tight rectal flower. I sucked her tight pucker for a few minutes and then moved back to her pussy.

I felt hot and feverish as I peeled her swollen lips apart. Her plump inner petals were swimming in her juices, and her clitoris stood out red and stiff from its hood. I licked her inner lips, amazed at how much creamy milk her pussy was producing. I savored her silky pussy juice, gathering the cream and letting it slowly slide down my throat. Donna bucked on the desk as I began licking deeper, and I soon felt her hands on the back of my head, pulling me tighter and further into her dripping slit. I used my lips like a straw, swallowing her juices as fast as possible, while I nudged her swollen clitoris with my nose. She began humping her hips against my face, and I knew that she was close to her orgasm.

I would have never in a million years guessed that this is how my day would turn out. I could feel beads of sweat rolling down my back as I feasted on her juicy slit, and my cock was aching as if beaten with a switch. 

Donna's hot pussy pulsated around my tongue, and her muscles began that familiar pattern of flexing as she moved closer to her orgasmic climax. I moved my head upward and began licking her clitoris, causing her to buck even harder. She shook as her orgasm approached, and I sucked her stiff bud between my lips, flicking her piercing with my tongue. Her clitoris was firm and swollen like a little balloon waiting to burst, and I increased my sucking, causing her pussy to explode in a juicy orgasm. She shivered and her hands gripped my hair so tightly that I was afraid she would pull some of it out. Spasms rocked her pulsing vagina, and her orgasmic juices poured down my chin in warm splashes.

I stayed in place through her climax, and once her grip eased, slipped down to savor the fresh cream that flowed from her swollen, spent pussy. She breathed heavily as I cleaned her sticky lips, sucking the remaining milk from her swollen slit. I finished by tonguing the bright pink starfish of her ass, slipping my tongue inside for a taste of her musky tunnel.

"That was fucking unbelievable." Donna said as I sat in my chair, catching my breath. My face was sticky with her juices, and I licked my lips to get what I could.

Donna slid from the desk, and then knelt down on the floor. Much to my delight, she unzipped my pants, and released my cock. Her hand was cool as she wrapped it around my hot shaft, and I could not help but moan in appreciation.

"I never did set the rules, and you definitely earned a reward." Donna said as she began jerking my cock.

I wasn't going to last long, and we both knew it. Almost immediately, my hips began rising to meet her, and I was soon pumping my cock into her tight fist with everything I had. I couldn't even tell her when I was about to blow, but she knew it anyway. Donna slipped her lips over the swollen knob of my cock just as the first shot of semen was rocketing up my shaft. I gripped the arms of my chair as my hips moved on their own, and held back a yell as my cock began firing spurt after spurt of creamy spunk into her hot mouth. I could feel my load filling her cheeks, and I looked down at her as my orgasm faded.

For the first time, I noticed how green her eyes were as she stared up at me. She looked me right in the eyes as she used her hand to draw the last drop of spunk from cock. She didn't say a word when she released my softening shaft, but held her mouth open so I could see her tongue, swimming in a pearly pool of my semen. She licked her lips, creaming them with my load and then slowly swallowed.

Donna didn't say a word as she gathered her clothes, but stopped as I deftly slipped the panties from her hand.

"I'll buy you a new pair if you like, but I hope you'll let me keep these." 

"What are you going to do with them?" She said with a giggle while pulling on her pants, silently giving me what I wanted. "Won't your wife be suspicious?"

I looked her in the eyes and pressed the damp crotch to my nose, deeply inhaling the musky scent of her succulent pussy. I sighed as I pulled the fragrant treasure from my face and then placed it in my desk drawer.

"At the least, I'll keep them to remind me of you." I explained "But who knows, perhaps my wife will have a sniff."

"Really?"

"Anything's possible, but I'll take one step at a time." I said as I tucked my cock back into my pants. "Would you consider it?"

Donna thought for a few seconds before she began sliding on her shoes. She looked at me when she finished and then leaned toward me, giving me a deep, long kiss. She licked my lips, tasting her own nectar.

"Let's see what your wife says." She said as she walked toward the door. "But I hope your free tomorrow afternoon."

"Don't worry, my afternoon is wide open."

I smiled after she left. I had planned on a vacation for the next day, but decided that I would save it for later. Besides, with any luck, I might need those days for some fun with both my wife and Donna, who I hoped would be joining us for some adventurous fun.