 I have no idea what came over me that day... but laying here now, thinking about it with my wet pussy and cum all over my face, I'm *REALLY* glad it did...

It all started this afternoon. I called my boyfriend to see when he was going to be home from work, and surprise of surprises, got the typical answer. So, I figured I'd clean up the house. I'd just gotten the living room straightened out, and was about to break out the Hoover when there was a knock at the door.

I was irritated at the interruption, so I opened the door and huffed 'What!' at the poor guy standing outside... with this HUGE fucking bunch of roses in his hand!

'Uh, Miss T_?' he stammered, looking at the clipboard in his hand and balancing his load quite nicely as I checked him out. 'Yes, yes, what's this?' I answered, taking the flowers from him, and getting an absolute EYEFUL of the hunk behind them!

'Oh, uh, these are from...' He hesitated, again looking at his clipboard. I stared. THIS was just what I needed to break the monotony of housecleaning! He was absolutely delicious, maybe 25-30 years old, nice pumped body, and the tightest jeans... his cock HAD to be soft, and it bulged obscenely and massively through them!

'Doesn't matter, let me get your tip,' I said, and pulled him into the entryway.

'Oh, thank you ma'am,' he said, and smiled. I turned around and walked into my living room. 'Just let me take care of these really quick and I'll be right with you!' I called over my shoulder. 

After I got rid of the flowers, I came back to the living room, where he stood looking at one of the pictures on the wall... and I stood staring at his tight little ass through those jeans. I tapped him on the shoulder, and when he turned around I reached out and grasped his package in my hand. 'Is this for me, too?' I asked him, looking up at his face. As he gasped, I squeezed his cock gently through the fabric.

'Do you have change for this?' I whispered, still looking up at him, and I felt him stiffening under my massaging grasp. He didn't say anything, just stood there looking at me, and I almost lost my nerve. He slowly breathed out, and when he didn't push my groping fingers away I decided he was mine for the taking.

Still keeping only one hand on him, I began to work open the top button of his jeans. Dammit, they were button fly... I was going to have to do better to get what I wanted. I slid down to my knees on the carpet in front of him, hearing him stammer something but not giving a fuck what it really was, and began to work that hardening dick with my hands for real... then I grasped the button in my teeth (still stroking, of course) and jerked my head.

All the buttons popped open, all the way down the row. He was breathing heavily now, and he grasped my hand in his forcing me to clutch his stiffness even harder... WORKING my hand into his cock.

The tip bulged from the waistband of his briefs, and I could see a droplet of precum beginning to leak out of him... what a waste, I thought as I licked it off. He tasted hot, and all I could think of after getting a tease was how much I wanted his cum down my throat... I started to jerk his pants down over his hips, and then popped his ready dick out of his underwear.

'What...' he panted and then I had him in my mouth, wetting the shaft with my tongue on the way up and sucking the whole hot hard mass down my throat as I slid down to press my nose into his belly. With him buried to the hilt in my throat, I pried his pants further down, and finally slid his underwear down his thighs. Now I could get at his balls, too.

I slid my mouth slowly back up his shaft, and felt his heavy balls in my hands. When I popped that head out of my mouth, and licked the spit off he moaned... then I dove to suck his balls... first just the sac, licking it lightly with my tongue at first, then sucking both balls into my hungry mouth. I pulled his legs as far apart as I could with my hands on his thighs, then those delicious nuts were laying on my face as I devoured that spot behind his sac.

He moaned, and fucked his cock into the air where he wanted my mouth to be, but I wanted to suck that spot. Finally, I relented, licking his balls one last time on my way back to devour his cock. I blew cool air onto his wet and quivering dick, and lapped at his head, swirling my tongue around the tip and hole, trying to find any trace of the cum I love so much. I milked the precum out of him with my hand, and swallowed it, then I swallowed his whole cock again... this time almost frantic. My pussy was soaking wet. and somehow one of my hands found its way between my legs.

He grasped me by the back of my head and held me so he could fuck my mouth and throat... plunging his cock so deeply in I almost gagged every time... and when I would, he'd moan with the pleasure of choking me with dick.

I was madly diddling my clit, and had two fingers buried wetly inside myself when he finally croaked 'Oh God,' and grabbed my hair violently. I started to cum myself, when he yanked that lovely jerking dick out of my mouth and held me in front of it to shoot his load on me.

FUCK ME I came so fucking hard taking those shots of cum to my eyes, my mouth, my cheek and even my forehead. Fucker had ALOT of cum in him, and I lay there jerking with my hand stuffed in my cunt and cum splashing onto my face. Finally he stopped shooting and I lay there on the floor, held up still by my hair, quivering and shuddering with the end of my own orgasm.

I looked up at him through all his jizz, and he looked down at me. 'Ma'am, you're a mess,' he said, and smiled, as he used the handsful of hair he held to wipe his goo off my face.

'Do you deliver often?' I asked as I began to move my fingers around inside my pussy again...