 Stacey waddled into the kitchen with a tray full of dirty dishes while thinking about how tired she felt all the time. She still had two months to go before her baby was due! She felt like a fat cow after gaining thirty pounds during this her first pregnancy. Her tits had now turned into mini Goodyear blimps and her belly looked like she was stealing a water melon from a fruit stand and hiding it under her nightie. 

No wonder Karl her husband seemed to lose interest in sex. When she looked into the mirror she appeared to be anything but desirable and to top it all off her nipples had begun to leak milk leaving her dresses and blouses stained and wet. God she would be glad when all of this was over. A shiver ran through her when she looked out the kitchen window at the foot deep snow that spread across her back yard looking like a perfect white carpet. As she gazed at the wintery scene her mind floated back to a childhood of sledding, throwing snowballs and building snow forts until her reminiscing was abruptly interrupted by the loud ringing of the front door chimes. 

She was dressed in only a nightie, normally she would have put on a house coat to cover herself but for once she just forgot about it and went directly to the door and opened it. Standing on the snowy front porch was a young Express Parcel delivery man, holding a package and a clip board. 

"Package for a Stacey Collins," He said while shivering in the cold January air. 

"I'm Stacey Collins, please step inside out of that cold for a few minutes!" She told him.

"Thanks ma'am," He replied, 

"It's really a cold out there today," He said as he stepped into her living room. 

She signed for the package and asked him if he would like a cup of coffee to warm up. 

"Thanks a lot, I could sure use one the heater in the truck isn't working to well," He replied. 

"Come on into the kitchen and sit down for a few minutes and warm up," She offered. 

"Black or cream and sugar," She asked as she poured a couple of fresh cups. 

"Black will be fine thanks," He answered taking in a deep whiff of the fresh brew while also taking in a view of Stacey's huge chest. 

He couldn't help but notice the two wet spots on the front of her nightie. At the same spot where her big nipples poked through the thin material. Almost instantly he felt his dick begin to stiffen as he watched her big jugs jiggle freely from side to side. 

"My god," He thought. 

"She isn't even wearing a bra." He thought to himself again seeing her big nipples trying to poke through her nightie.

Stacey wasn't paying any attention to him because she was busy opening the package that he had just delivered. 

"Well, it's finally here," She exclaimed.

"Ma'am?" He offered.

"My breast pump, it's finally here," She exclaimed happily 

"If you hadn't already noticed I am having quite a problem with my milk filled breasts and this little pump should keep them from leaking." She said as she looked him in the face.

He turned beet red at the mention of the term "milk filled breasts" and quickly turned away while Stacey pulled the package open and was immediately faced with a hand full of loose parts that had to be assembled. She stared at them for a couple of minutes before turning to the delivery man. 

"Do you think you could take a minute to help me put this thing together, I am not mechanically inclined at all," She asked him.

"Oh and by the way I'm Stacey, what's your name?" She asked the delivery man. 

"Uhhh, Alan, its Alan, uh let me see what you have there," He stammered while taking the pump and loose parts from her

.

After a quick scan of the directions it only took Alan five minutes to attach all the parts and hoses to the base unit. 

"There you go," He said triumphantly, 

"It should work just fine now." She answered as he handed the pump back to her.

Stacey was aww struck at how handsome this young man really was. Just having him sitting in her kitchen was making her pussy damp. It had been so long since she had had any meaningful sex with her husband. Just at the mere presence of a strange man in her own home was enough to get her going.

"How does it work, it looks so complicated with all those hoses and switches, I know I'll never be able to figure it out do you think you can show me how it works?" She asked him hoping he would help her in more ways than one.

"Well ma'am, I don't think that it's my place to, you know, to help you with," All embarrassed like. 

"Oh please," She begged.

"I'm so uncomfortable and I just know that you can show me how to use it, pleassssse?" She begged him again.

Before he could answer Stacey slipped her arms out of her nightie and let it fall to her waist exposing the two biggest tits that Al had ever seen in his life. The breath was sucked right out of him as he looked at the two monsters jiggling on the young woman's chest. Another huge surprise was the size of her nipples. Al had never seen a pregnant woman's breasts before, the dark colour and rubbery appearance actually stunned him. Even though he knew he was staring he just couldn't help himself they were absolutely magnificent. 

"Okay, Alan?" She asked him. 

"Here show me how it works," She said while handing him the pump as she stood waiting patiently for him to connect the contraption to her nipples. 

With shaky hands he plugged the cord in to the outlet and placed the suction cup over her right nipple. After checking again to make sure everything was all set, he flipped the switch and the little motor began to hum. Almost immediately fresh breast milk began to flow through the clear plastic tube and into the receptacle that was sitting on the table. By now sweat had broken out all over Al's forehead and he reached for his handkerchief to dab his brow. 

"Alan?" She asked softly, 

"Could you do me another favour?" She asked again.

"What would that be?" He asked back in a weak voice? 

"I'm getting the milk out of one breast but the other one is still full and needs to be emptied right away, do you think you could do that for me?" She asked smiling at him.

"Uh, how would I do that, ma'am?" He stammered. 

"Well silly," She answered boldly. 

"With your mouth of course, how else would you do it?" Alan turned a decided shade of crimson as he tried to avoid the steady gaze of Stacey Collins. 

But again before he could answer, Stacey made the first move by deftly slipping her hand under the table and feeling the huge bulge in Alan's trousers. He jumped a little but didn't make a move to escape her soft caress. After standing up she leaned her breast forward towards his now gaping mouth. It was all happening so fast! It almost looked like a bowling ball coming at him, with the huge distended nipple pointed directly at his mouth. He didn't quite get his mouth opened in time so the big boob bounced against his face allowing milk to leak out on to his cheek. 

"Come on baby, open up for mama and suck her big nipple!" She cooed. 

That was all she needed to say as Alan opened wide and was soon sucking down the sweet nectar that poured from nature's tap! As good as it tasted to Alan it felt ten times better to Stacey. Oh how she needed a good tit sucking and this boy was giving her exactly that. Alan was amazed at the amount of milk that was gushing into his hungry mouth as he greedily sucked the huge nub trying desperately to empty the huge breast of its precious liquid. Stacey was in seventh heaven, it had been so long since she had felt a man's mouth on her aching nipples. That by merely having her nipples sucked was stoking red hot blast furnace that burned out of control between her legs! 

With every nip and suck to her nipple, a bolt of electricity shot through her now engorged clitoris and without even thinking she put her hand up under her dress and began furiously masturbating her excited pussy. When he realized what she was doing he moaned and pulled his cock from his pants and slowly jerked it up and down. He wasn't the best hung guy in town but Stacey couldn't wait to taste his luscious organ that stood up proudly only a few inches away from her hot body. She reluctantly pulled away from Alan's mouth and dropped to her knees taking in a deep breath to savour the smell of his hot male crotch. 

"God I need this," Stacey said as she took it deep into her hot mouth while running her tongue up and down his thick shaft. 

Alan held her head softly in his hands as she proceeded to vacuum his pecker. While he thought he was a pretty good looking guy nothing even remotely like this had ever happened to him before. Even though she was pregnant, Alan couldn't remember ever having such a beautiful woman want his cock so badly and what was even more incredible was the skill that she had in cock sucking. This was as good a blowjob as he had ever had. In just a matter of seconds he was sure that he would blow his gun into the pretty little mouth of this pregnant cocksucker.

When Stacey felt the first spasms in his pecker she intensified her sucking forcing the cum filled nuts to release their package in hot torrents down her throat.

"My god you're the fucking best," Alan groaned as the last spurts of cum shot from the slit at the end of his pecker. 

When he was finished she looked up at him with the look of absolute contentment on her face like a child who just got what she wanted for her birthday.

"Oh thank you, Alan," She gushed. 

"I needed that so badly, it's been so long for me!" Alan couldn't believe his ears, here she was thanking him for letting her blow him, Incredible.

"Stand up baby," Alan said helping her to her feet. 

"Let me see if I can help you now," He said as he lifted her nightie exposing her bulging belly and panty clad cunt. 

After slipping off her panties and quickly fingering her very hairy brown bush, he gently pushed her back onto the kitchen table. When she was finally in position with her legs spread wide apart he leaned forward pushing his face into the massive jungle of pubic hair while tonguing her red hot little slit.

"My god, the poor thing is dripping wet." Her cunt was slick as butter and very sweet. 

He worked his tongue up and down her crack until her clit was erect and exposed. After feeling her tension building up he flicked his tongue over its little head gradually increasing the pressure until she was writhing all over the table and pleading with him not to stop. By now his cheeks were saturated with her juices while she was almost bucking off the table. Her breathing was becoming more laboured as she approached her climax panting and stammering as she begged him to finish her off. When she grabbed him by the hair and pulled him hard to her cunt he knew that she had gone over the edge and that her orgasm was spreading through her pussy like a wild fire out of control. In a strained voice she stammered, 

"Oh my god, I am fucking cumming so fucking hard," She stammered in a strained voice as her whole body stiffened when the first wave of her orgasm swept over her.

It seemed to last forever, one climax after the other wringing her out like an old dish rag until when it was finally over. Neither one of them moved as they were totally spent. Stacey finally leaned up on her elbows and smiled at Alan.

"Well thank you for putting my breast pump together, I couldn't have done it without you!" As Alan stood up and put his cock back into his pants. 

"No problem, we're a full service delivery company and today we really delivered." Alan replied.

"I gotta go now but good luck with the baby, see ya." And with those words he was out the door and off to his next delivery about a half hour behind schedule. 

Stacey fixed her nightie and attached the pump to her still full breasts. While sitting there she could only smile as she thought about the best delivery she had ever gotten.