 It was a day like any other, or so I thought. I woke up early, hit the shower, and went about my morning routine. I left for work, and put in a long, full day. By the time I got home that night, the last thing I felt like doing was going out for the evening, but I'd promised a friend of mine that I'd go to her housewarming party that night. So, I had a nice, long shower, put on a dress, did my hair and makeup, and pranced out the door about twenty minutes later than I'd planned. What can I say? The shower felt good! 

I got to Sarah's house and noticed that, as usual, I was the last one to arrive. Things were already hopping, the music was loud, drinks were flowing, and nobody seemed to even notice me slipping in the front door. I made my way to the kitchen and helped myself to a vodka cooler from the tub of iced drinks on the kitchen table. I stood there and surveyed the party, not ready to jump in and mingle just yet. I scoped out Sarah, and made my way over to her and her husband, Chris, to say hello. 

"I'm so glad you could make it!" Sarah said to me. "There's someone I want you to meet!" 

She steered me over to a small group on the living room sofa, and introduced me to two women and a guy. "These are my co-workers, Meesha, Leela, and Steve." 

"Nice to meet you all," I said, surveying the situation. Steve was smoking hot! Dark hair with just a little grey, gorgeous green eyes, and the best smile. He was pretty well built, with strong arms, a firm chest, and if I'd had to guess right then and there, a pretty tight six pack, too. I definitely approved!

Sarah excused herself to get back to her guests, and the girls went back to their conversation. I made my way back toward the kitchen to retrieve my drink from the counter, and when I turned around, Steve was standing close behind me. We almost bumped into each other, and he came pretty close to wearing my drink all over his shirt. I wondered to myself how he'd look with a wet shirt sticking to his perfectly chiseled chest. 

"Hi," he said to me. 

"Hi, yourself" I replied. 

Smooth, I thought to myself. So smooth. We stood there talking to each other for about ten minutes, about the weather, how I knew Sarah and Chris, what a nice new house they had, what he did for a living (he was a delivery driver for Fed-Ex while he put himself through school, which made sense since Sarah was a dispatcher and they were coworkers), and various other small talk. 

I kept staring up into his gorgeous green eyes, and wondering how his lips would feel against mine. It's been about three years since my engagement to my ex had ended, and I hadn't been with a man since. How could I not notice how gorgeous this creature standing next to me was?

We flirted for the rest of the evening, but nothing really seemed to come of it. I left the party feeling quite disappointed, but not really surprised. I was wishing he would at least have asked for my number, but I guess I just wasn't his type. 

I don't know who's type I really am, actually. I have long, reddish brown hair that reaches just above my waist, vividly green eyes, and I stand at 5'8 inches. I'm slender, large breasted, and have an hour glass figure. My mother always told me that I had a "classic" body style, whatever the heck THAT means. Men don't really seem to look at me the way that they look at busty, leggy blondes, but I keep hoping that some guy, somewhere, will take one look at me and have to have me. 

In the meantime, well, I have my vibrator, and a massaging shower head, and a better sex life than I had with my ex-fiance. I took out my sexual frustration on my vibrator that night, and all the while imagined it was Steve who was working his magic on me, not some small battery operated piece of silicone. 

The next day at work, things were a little hectic. We had a bunch of orders that were due to be delivered the next day, and our usual delivery driver hadn't been by to pick them up. I was on the phone to his head office complaining, when Steve walked in the door! 

Apparently our usual driver was out sick, and Steve had taken over his route for the day. Talk about a coincidence! As he walked in the door and saw me sitting at the front desk, he got this huge smile on his face. I did, too, at the sight of this gorgeous man walking toward me. He filled out his uniform marvelously, and it left little to the imagination! 

"Hi again! I'm here to pick up some packages. Are they ready to go?" he asked me. 

I replied that yes, they were, and led him to the back storage area, where the packages were. 

He followed me into the room, and closed the door behind us. I turned around at the click of the door settling into its frame. 

"Oh, you can leave that open" I told him. He took one look at me, and in a flash, had me pinned against the wall, his rough lips on mine, his tongue searching out my own. 

With a gasp and a sigh, my tongue searched out his, and our reward was found. We circled our tongues together, each probing, asking for more, as he put his hands on my hips and pulled me closer to him. I moaned and melted my body against his, my arms reaching around his neck, and grabbing fistfuls of his silky hair. The kiss seemed to last forever, but ended much too soon. 

"Sorry," he gasped as he released me. "I wanted to do that last night, but we were never alone. Sarah was trying to set me up with Leela, and I didn't want to hurt anyone's feelings by making an obvious move on you in front of them." 

"There's no need to apologize," I breathed. "Really, no need at all. I was hoping you'd do that last night, too, but I just figured you weren't that into me." 

With that, he leaned in again, his mouth gently finding mine, our kiss more gentle, yet full of passion. 

"How could you think that?" he asked. "You are so beautiful, and if we'd been alone last night, trust me, you wouldn't have gotten any sleep!" 

My heart skipped a beat at his obvious innuendo, and I felt a slight moisture beginning to pool in my loins. 

"In fact, does this door lock?" he asked, pointing back to the entry to the storage area. 

I walked over and flipped the latch on the door, locking me in the room with this gorgeous man. My heart skipped a beat as I walked back to where he stood, waiting. He pulled me into his arms, his mouth on mine, and I felt the twitch of the bulge in his pants. 

Oh, God, it's been so long. Is this actually happening? My mind began to race, and then I couldn't think at all as his mouth trailed across my cheek, my jaw, and down my neck, where he found that tender spot that made my knees buckle. As he gently kissed and licked my neck, I began to gasp and quiver with delight. 

My pussy was getting wetter by the second, and I could feel his cock growing, straining to get out of his pants. 

His hand reached out and brushed over my left breast, his thumb probing and brushing against my hard, erect nipple. He took his other hand and began to unbutton my blouse. As each button was released, his fingers gently brushed against my flesh, sending bolts of electricity down my spine. 

I reached out and pulled his shirt over his head, gasping with delight at how firm and sexy his body was. Finally my blouse was unbuttoned, and he pushed it off my shoulders. His mouth followed his hands as he pushed the thin cotton off my body, kissing each inch of newly exposed flesh. 

My hands roaming over his chest, I found the buckle of his belt, and unthreaded it from his pants, pulling it out and leaving it in a coil on the floor. I found the button and undid it, and slid the zipper down low. I pushed his pants to his ankles as he removed my bra, and as I stood back up, his mouth found my nipple and his tongue left hot circles on my flesh as he nibbled and sucked on my erectness. I gasped with delight, and began to gently moan. 

I reached out, and felt his hard cock straining against his boxers, the thin material hiding nothing of his bulging meat. I pulled his boxers down, grasping his cock in my hands, and dropped to my knees. I put his cock on the tip of my tongue, and tasted the salty pre-cum that had escaped. Then, I took him into my mouth, inch by inch, gently running my tongue up and down his shaft and in circles over the head. He was so huge, at least 8 inches, and so thick. 

My mouth couldn't take him all in, but I did my best, and soon he was moaning and thrusting his hips, and his cock was thrusting deep into my throat. 

He let out a loud groan, then grabbed me by my hair, and pulled me up onto my feet, pressing his mouth to mine, and we kissed, the taste of his cock mingling in our mouths. As he kissed me, his hands reached up under my skirt and peeled my dripping wet panties from my hips. They dropped down to my ankles, and I stepped out of them. I reached for the clasp on my skirt, and he stopped my hands. 

"Leave it on" he whispered. 

He grabbed me by my hips and lifted me up onto the lunch table. Pushing me back with one hand, he spread my legs open with the other, and began to lick my wet, swollen cunt with his hot tongue. It took all of about twenty seconds of his tongue probing my slit before I felt my orgasm ripping through me. I screamed out in pleasure, thrusting my hips up and pushing my throbbing pussy into his face. He grabbed my clit in his teeth, and gently nibbled, sending me straight over the edge, and leaving me a gasping, quivering mess. 

He stood over me then, his cock pointing exactly where it wanted to go, and he took a step forward. He grabbed both my legs with his hands, and lifted them straight up in the air. I lay on my back, my feet straight up, and he positioned his cock at the entrance to my pussy. 

I moaned and begged him "please, Steve, fuck me!" 

With that, he dove into me, all of him, straight into my tight, wet pussy, and I screamed again from the amazing sensation as my pussy stretched and stretched to accommodate every inch of his glorious cock. 

"Uhhhhhnnnn" I moaned, and he pulled all but the head of his cock out of me, and then thrust back in again. 

"Oh, GOD, that feels SO good!" I moaned, and he started to establish a rhythm. 

Soon, he was thrusting in and out of me, his balls slapping against my bare ass, his cock filling every bit of me. I came again as he fucked me like this, and as I was coming down from my climax, he released my legs and leaned over me to kiss me. 

"Did you like that, baby?" he asked me. 

All I could do was moan a quiet "yes." 

I wrapped my legs around his waist, as he stood in front of the table and shoved his hard cock back into my throbbing, empty pussy hole. I began to gyrate my hips and thrust my pussy onto his cock as he was thrusting into me. We matched our rhythm, and he fucked me hard and fast until his cock suddenly grew very hard inside me. He stopped thrusting his cock, and got a pained look on his face. 

"Oh, God, baby, I'm about to cum. Can I cum inside you? I'm not wearing a rubber, and you might get pregnant. Tell me if you want me to stop, and I'll stop." 

I got a mischievous grin in my eyes, and I looked straight at him and said "I might get pregnant? Good!" and thrust my hips even harder, rubbing my pussy up and down the length of his hard shaft, milking him, until he could take it no longer. 

He closed his eyes, and shouted "Oh, Godd!!!!! I'm cuming! I'M CUMMMMING!!!!" 

His semen shot out of his cock in a thick, steady stream, bathing my cervix with his hot, creamy seed. My womb opened up, and took every last sperm inside. He collapsed on top of me, his semi-flaccid penis slipping out of my cum-soaked pussy, and he kissed my lips, and we lay there, our sweaty bodies entwined as our genetic material fused into one being and settled into my womb for the long nine month journey we had just begun.