  Chapter 14 – Car Service

The next morning was crystal clear. There was not a cloud in the sky as I drove to the new office. I felt refreshed, recharged, and for some strange reason, prepared. These feelings stemmed from a growth in my personal confidence and appreciation for how we, collectively, had handled the Sienna dilemma. I was proud of all of us and impressed with myself. In the back of my mind, I knew this couldn't last long.

My arrival at the office brought another pleasant surprise. Apparently, while Penny and I were given the afternoon off the day before, work had not stopped. Brooke had found the new office and it made my morning to see her smiling face when I walked through the door. She was organizing a few documents at the circular workstation in the center of the office when I noticed her.

"What are you doing here," I asked pleasantly.

"I moved into my new office yesterday," she informed me as I continued walking towards her. "I figured it would be a good time to do it while you all were off dealing with Sienna."

"That's wonderful," I exclaimed as I reached the workstation. "Having you here will be fantastic."

Brooke leaned over and gently kissed me on the cheek before turning and heading back to her office. I was very excited. Our new office was taking complete shape. I set down my laptop bag at the workstation when the office door flew open and a tall, overweight man in a dirty, grey jumpsuit barreled towards me across the floor.

"I got some furniture to drop off," he growled. "Need you to sign."

He shoved a clipboard and pen in my face as he reached me. I accepted it and read the yellow packing slip thoroughly before signing. He was delivering the rest of the furniture we had ordered, which included Emma's office, my office, the guest office and the reception area we were going to setup. These guys were going to be here for a while.

As the men began bringing in the furniture, I directed them as to which office each piece belonged to. While they were moving Emma's desk into her office, Penny arrived for her workday. She looked fantastic with her briefcase in her hand and her navy pinstripe suit on. As she walked towards me I filled with delight as I realized that I was in the same building with both of the women that I was in love with. On top of that, I was actually happy about it instead of being intimidated or afraid. Today was a good day. This was a good moment.

"What is that silly smile for," Penny asked as she reached where I was standing.

"I am always happy to see you, gorgeous," I replied, not wanting to reveal the truth but always wanting to be playful with her.

She leaned forward onto the tiptoes of her black, flat ballet slippers and kissed me on the lips lightly.

"Leslie will be in court for most of the day," Penny informed me as she pulled her lips away from mine. "Wait for her to get here later before you call it a day. Ok?"

"Anything for you," I teased her.

"God damn right," she confirmed as she walked away, headed to her office.

The rest of my entire day was spent managing the furniture delivery guys. When all was said and done, all the furniture was where it was supposed to be and I was exhausted. They finally left well after 4pm and I was able to sit at my new desk and think. I immediately picked up the phone and called Nikki.

"Law Offices of Adams and Cartwright," Nikki answered the phone is her best professional voice.

"Nik, it's me," I announced. "What does Emma's calendar look like on Friday?"

"Hey you," she responded. "Looks like she is open for the entire day. Why?"

"Friday is your last day at that office," I informed her. "Everything is ready here. So set it up that as of Monday morning, we are 100% operating from our new home."

"You got it," Nikki confirmed. "Anything else?"

"Not that I can think of," I admitted. "See you soon."

I hung up, knowing that Nikki would handle everything on her end. As of Monday, the new offices of Adams and Cartwright would be complete. This was great. I sat back in my new chair and exhaled, enjoying what I had accomplished for just a moment. That moment ended when Leslie appeared in my doorway.

"Got a minute for me," she asked simply.

"Always," I stated. "How was court?"

"It was productive," she admitted as she entered my office and closed the door behind her.

She sat in one of the two new guest chairs directly in front of my desk, setting her attaché case alongside the leg of the chair.

"You have done a great job getting this office ready," Leslie complimented.

"Thanks, I am glad to contribute something tangible," I acknowledged. "Are you ok?"

"Yes, I am fine," she established. "But I need a favor from you."

"Ok, what can I do for you," I inquired.

"I need work done on my car and I was hoping you could take it in tomorrow," she revealed.

"Sure, that shouldn't be a problem," I said. "I will have Nikki make the appointment with Bob first thing in the morning."

"I already had Nikki make the appointment," Leslie disclosed. "And it won't be with Bob."

"Oh really," I exclaimed. "Why not? We give Bob all our car business. He's Bill's brother-in-law. What exactly is going on here?"

"Well, my sister Lisa is now managing a car dealership," Leslie informed me. "So I need you to take it there just this once."

"Why does my gut tell me that this is not about the car," I pressed her.

"Not entirely," she answered gingerly.

She reached down below her chair and grabbed her attaché case. She opened the front flap and slid her hand inside the pouch. She withdrew her hand and placed the case at the foot of her chair once again. She then stood from her chair and placed an unmarked disk on my desk in front of me. I looked down at it and then looked up at her. Her expression gave nothing away.

"Sienna's message to us," I assumed, trying to piece this together in my mind.

"I don't think Lisa has actually seen this," she said. "Nor do I think she knows that Brad was dating her daughter prior to joining Sienna's game."

"And you were hoping I would share this disk and that information with her tomorrow," I further interpreted.

"Yes, please," she agreed politely.

My mind was racing and my head was spinning. What was Leslie playing at here? She knew I did not like her sister Lisa, who was already entrenched in Sienna's game. Whether or not Lisa knew that Brad used to be Mindy's boyfriend was irrelevant, in my opinion. I was not clear on what purpose this served but when I looked at Leslie again, her face was solemn. She appeared to be quite sincere in wanting this to be done. I could not say no. I stood from my chair and walked around my desk. I opened the door to my office before turning back to Leslie.

"I will see you in the morning," I stated before leaving the doorway on my way out of the office.

My head hurt for the entire evening. I commuted to the office with Penny the next morning. I dropped my laptop on my desk and collected Leslie's car keys from her. I got in her car and headed directly to the dealership where Lisa worked. I pulled into the lot and proceeded inside quickly. The showroom was empty aside from a young sales guy and Lisa.

She was seated at her desk towards the rear of the showroom. I quickly made my way towards her just as the young sales guy tried his best pitch.

"Is there anything I can help you with today, sir," he asked as I crossed the floor with a purpose.

I didn't even acknowledge him with a look, I just continued walking.

"I have an appointment for my vehicle," I stated as I reached Lisa's desk.

She had on a nice blue blazer and skirt with a black blouse. She looked terrific, as much as I was not a fan of her, I had to admit it. She did not look up at me.

"Last name," she asked coldly.

"It's your sister's car," I announced.

That got her attention. She looked up at me with shock in her eyes.

"So she sent her gopher," Lisa grimaced. "Well, we are full right now, you will have to reschedule."

"I don't think so," I snapped at her, not in any mood for her attitude.

"What makes you think you can just walk in here and make demands," Lisa barked at me from her chair.

I flipped the disk onto her desk in front of her.

"What's this," she asked firmly.

"Your recent performance," I declared.

"I'm sure I have no idea what you are talking about," Lisa postured.

"Oh, so you are saying that isn't you fucking Nikki's wife and the 19 year-old guy that used to date your daughter," I asked rhetorically. "My mistake."

"How did you get this," she asked, seemingly stunned and defeated.

I wanted this moment to sting and it appeared that it very much had. I was delighted.

"Sienna sent it to us," I admitted. "I think you will like her added commentary. Your sister wanted you to know what she is all about."

"I didn't know that Brad dated my daughter," Lisa gasped, possibly near tears, though I doubted it.

I was not at all moved by this brief show of emotion.

"Have one of your flunkies drop Leslie's car off at her house when it's done," I said before turning and walking out of the showroom.

Lisa brought out the worst in me. She felt an amazing need to be a bitch to me and I didn't get why, but at this point I did not care. She was a disaster and I was not on the bandwagon that wanted to save her. Leslie cared for her and she was Brooke's sister too, so I did what I was told but I was never comfortable around her.

I was standing outside the showroom when my cell phone rang.

"Hello," I answered.

"Hey, it's Vivian," she declared. "Nikki said you might need a ride."

"Actually, I do," I conveyed. "You girls have a wonderful way of taking care of me."

"I'm on my way," she announced before hanging up.

I put my phone back into my pocket as the door of the showroom opened behind me. Lisa stepped out of the showroom and moved in front of me. When she was in my direct view, I looked at her, sternly.

"You don't understand," Lisa started to say.

"Actually, I don't care," I corrected her.

"Then why do this," she asked, sounding very much like a lost child.

"Because your sisters and daughter do care," I reminded her. "I care for them, greatly. So I do what I can to help. We are all part of something together, so I give because I care for them. It ends there. You and I have no ties."

She looked at me for a long moment before tilting her head to the side. I wanted to remain firm and cold, but I was beginning to wilt. Lisa genuinely seemed like she was in a situation she could not control and it scared her. I almost felt sympathetic. Almost.

"Are you in love with my sister," she asked me bluntly, her tone regaining it's abrasiveness.

"Actually, that is none of your damn business," I scolded her. "But yes, I am."

"Leslie has always found the lost causes appealing," she quipped.

"You may be very right about that, but I never said I was in love with Leslie," I retorted.

Lisa took a moment to digest my words. She took a step back away from me and looked at me perplexed. Finally, after several long and silent moments, it appeared that she understood.

"I don't get your game at all," she admitted softly.

"You are not the type of person that would," I stated coldly.

Vivian pulled up in front of the dealership and stopped right where we were standing. I moved to open the door but Lisa beat me to it. She opened the door and peered inside.

"Hey blondie, why do you tolerate this prick," Lisa asked Vivian.

"You really don't get it, do you," Vivian asked Lisa. "It's not about tolerating anyone or anything. It's about heart. Which you are obviously lacking."

Lisa turned and walked back into the showroom. I climbed into the car with Vivian and closed the door behind me.

"Thank you for coming to get me," I said.

"Well, you are welcome," she replied. "But, in all honesty, it was not an entirely selfless act."

"Really, how do you mean," I asked, genuinely intrigued.

"Nikki said if I picked you up, then you were mine for an hour," she revealed.

"No shit," was all I could say in response.

Vivian and I drove in silence as she headed home. I was still angry from my exchange with Lisa. We reached the house in no time and as she exited the car I noticed for the first time that day how great she looked. She was wearing a white, spandex mini skirt and white pumps with an ankle strap that were easily 5 inches tall. On top she had a peach blouse and I was convinced that she was not wearing a bra. I watched as her tight ass wriggled in the fabric of her skirt as she walked to the front door. She opened the door and stepped into the house. I bolted from her car and quickly made my way inside as well.

I shut the front door behind me and watched as Vivian ascended the stairs in front of me. I was drooling as I stared at her ass. I wanted her and my cock was throbbing in my pants because of it. I climbed the stairs behind Vivian and noticed that she stopped in the dining room. I came up behind her and put my arms around her waist. I kissed her neck from behind and pulled her tight to me.

Vivian spun around in my arms and faced me. She kissed me on my mouth, her tongue snaking around for attention. I planted my hands firmly on her ass, squeezing it tightly as we kissed. I could feel my prick pulsating, dying to get inside her.

Vivian moved from my arms and proceeded into the living room. She sat on the edge of the couch and hiked up her skirt, revealing that she was not wearing any panties. I almost came when I saw her gorgeous bald pussy. I made my way to where she was sitting quickly and she immediately grabbed my belt.

Vivian tore off my pants and boxers while I ripped off my shirt and threw it to the side. She instantly took my rock hard cock into her mouth and began sucking it sloppily. I was in heaven as my shaft passed over her sexy lips again and again. She lubed my prick with her saliva as she engulfed it over and over. I sigh heavily as she removed my dick from her mouth and began to pump it firmly with her hand.

Vivian then leaned back on the couch and I knelt in front of her. I placed my firm tool to her opening and thrust forcefully inside of her. She was very wet and I was lightheaded from the pleasure I felt. I rocked my hips allowing my pole to enter and exit her gash repeatedly. I continued to fuck her right there on the couch, not wanting to ever stop.

Vivian wrapped her legs around my waist and pulled me into her with each thrust of my hips. I forced my cock into her box again and again as she squirmed wildly with pleasure. It had been way too long since I have been with Vivian and I wanted to cum hard with her. I put my hands on her waist and pulled her to me with each push inside of her. I was nearing climax.

Vivian was gasping and wiggling in front of me and I continued to penetrate her powerfully. I jammed my shaft into her box until I could take no more. I exploded intensely inside of her, spewing my spunk until there wasn't a drop left in my rod. I looked at her firm body and gorgeous face and wanted more, desperately.

I pulled back, allowing my cock to fall out of her pussy. I then flipped her over without a word and pulled her waist to me. I entered her from behind vigorously and began pump my dick into her. I rammed her from behind again and again. I used every ounce of power I had to attack her body with mine. I crashed into her vagina over and over with my rock hard tool.

"OH GOD," Vivian screamed loudly as I continued to thunderously insert my cock inside of her.

I am not sure at what point Vivian peaked, but I was rapidly nearing my second orgasm. I devastated her twat with each vicious thrust of my hips. I couldn't hold out at all and I discharged my second load inside of her walls. Her cunt milked my stick of every ounce of cum that I had. I withdrew from her and crashed to the floor in the living room, completely spent. Vivian did not move at all.

I am not sure how long I laid there catching my breath but at some point I stood up and collected my cloths. I dressed and stared at Vivian, who had still not moved. I moved close to her and kissed her on the cheek.

"I have to go back to work," I whispered in her ear.

I turned and headed for the door.

"You are fucking amazing," she called after me.

"You bring out my A game," I called back as I shut the door behind me.