 Lynn's family and ours have been best of friends for about twenty some years now, pretty much ever since out sons were born. Lynn bought a tanning salon a few years ago as a form of extra income, and her twenty four year old daughter Emily, frequently helps out with the place. Over the years Lynn and I have done many favors for each other, at one time joking that we were second spouses, since her husband is no longer in the picture. My wife didn't mind to much as long as "it wasn't in that way." As she put it. I would frequently get called to come fix things at the house or salon. In the last few years, Emily has grown more and more "friendly" when she sees me, especially if we are alone, and there have been some occasions when I felt like she arranged things so we would be, which made me a bit uncomfortable. Not because I didn't like her, and certainly not because she wasn't good looking. In fact it was because she was so good looking, a tad shorter than I am, slender, but built like a brick shithouse! She had to quit gymnastics when her breasts decided to take a huge jump in size, ending up around 34 D's, and she seemed to take great pleasure in squeezing them against me when she hugs me, which she seemed to do at any opportunity. 

Lynn had this great idea on how to draw more customers in over Christmas. She would have a Santa in the shop on Saturday for the kids to see while mom did her tanning. It really was a pretty good idea. The only problem was a few days before the appointed date, the Santa they had lined up was involved in a traffic accident and was not going to be able to be there. I shouldn't have been surprised that it was Emilie's idea when Lynn called and the two of them convinced me to fill in as jolly old Saint Nick. They would even arrange for the costume for me, all I had to do was show up and be nice to the kids. 

Saturday rolled around and I showed up at the shop around eight thirty to get ready, since the shop was scheduled to open at nine. They had a number of reservations set in the morning and it looked like it would be busy. 

Emily greeted me at the back door giving me a huge full body hug as soon as I was in the door. She was dressed in shorts and a tank top, with no detectible bra on, even though it was a crisp twenty five degrees out. One thing that I didn't think about was how hot it was going to be. It was about eighty five in the shop so that the customers, most of which tanned naked or nearly so, would be comfortable. With me in a long sleeved furry costume I was going to roast.

"I hope you got a summer weight Santa suit." I said to Em as she led me to the tanning room I was going to use as my changing room.

"No, I just figured you could go naked underneath." She said with a grin as she led me into the room. "Do you need any help getting ready?"

"No I think I can manage." I replied as I shooed her out of the room and closed the door behind her. I quickly stripped down to my briefs and looked at myself in the mirror. Still not too bad of shape for a nearly fifty year old guy. I was about a hundred ninety pounds, but I had managed to avoid the beer gut and didn't look too fat. All the outdoor work around my house and recreation I do has kept me fairly fit. My dick was still hard from Emily giving me that hug and her suggestion of helping me out. Don't get me wrong, I find Emily very attractive, and have on occasion fantasized about both her and her mother, but I haven't ever thought about acting on them because it would mess up our long standing friendship, and probably cause my wife to toss me out on my ass.

I started by putting on the fake stomach pad and was about to pull on my Santa pants, when I decided, what the hell, and pulled off my underwear and tossed them on the pile. If she wanted to be playful maybe I would tease her back just a tad for fun. I finished getting ready and walked out to see Em.

"Hey Santa! You look pretty good!" she said coming from behind the counter, her hard nipples obvious in the thin shirt.

"HO HO HO" I said in my best Santa voice. "Have you been a good girl this year young lady?"

She walked up and snuggled up to me. "I have been a very good girl, but I can be naughty if you want me to."

"Well. I only bring presents to good boys and girls so you better be good because I'm always watching."

"You're always watching Santa?" she asked playfully. "Does that mean you watch me at night too?"

"I see you when you're sleeping and I see you when you're awake!" I answered 

"Oh my Santa, then you must have seen me all naked this morning." She said with a giggle.

My dick was already a bit hard when I came out, now it was like a steel rod thinking about what she must look like naked. "I'm sorry my dear. I must have missed that this morning. Santa is very busy and can't see everyone all the time."

"Well, that's a shame Santa, you would have really enjoyed watching me push that shiny silver vibrator into my hot wet pussy."

"I think Santa better go sit down." I said pulling away from her before things got well out of hand, or in hand, since she was already rubbing my hard dick through the red pants. I walked over and sat down, adjusting my dick to a more comfortable position. I was already hot, sweating in the beard and hat, and I got even hotter when she stepped behind the counter and slowly pulled up her shirt to uncover her bare breasts. 

"Maybe Santa will want to make sure I'm a good girl later?" she asked as she ran a finger around one of her nipples. This was quickly going well beyond teasing and turning into an outright proposition... Her mother would not be very happy.

"I think you better cover those back up before Santa puts you down in his book as a naughty girl."

She covered her tits back up and put on a pout. Fortunately customers arrived before things could get any worse. I spent most of the morning telling kids about my work shop and how ready Rudolf was to make the trip in about a week. Overall things went pretty well. It was getting to be lunch time and the last appointment for the morning was in her little room and I had just turned on a video of Rudolf for the two kids, a boy about seven and a girl about ten. I got up and walked back toward my changing room to take a short break, and wipe some of the sweat off my body. As I stepped to the door the door across from mine opened and I saw the lady peek out. 

"Psst. Santa." She said quietly.

I turned and she motioned me inside and then closed the door behind her. She was about thirty years old, five ten or so, slender and not badly proportioned, from what I could tell through the towel wrapped around her body.

"Hi Santa." She said almost bashfully. "Would you mind if I sat on your lap too?"

Putting on my best Santa demeanor, I replied "Certainly young lady." I said as I sat down in the chair in the little room. She moved over and sat down on my lap. Fortunately she wasn't too heavy.

"I haven't sat on Santa's lap in a long time." She said almost giggling.

"And what's your name young lady?"

"Holly." She said brightly.

"And what would you like for Christmas Holly?"

"Can I tell you a story first Santa?" she asked.

"Certainly." I said. "Santa always enjoys a good story."

"Well..." she started. "A long time ago, when I was a really little girl, you started coming to our house on Christmas Eve. You came every year when I was little. You'd bring a little present for my brother and me, and we would open them up and then we would go off to bed and in the morning all the big presents would be under the tree. You came for years, until I was too big for Santa, and I knew it was really just Mister Johnson from next door, but my little brother still liked you coming. My daddy got busier and he was never home at Christmas any more. He was always traveling. 

When I was twelve you came like always and we opened our presents and went off to bed. After while I heard some noise and I snuck to the top of the stairs and saw Mommy sitting on your lap naked and you were tickling her breasts with your whiskers. It looked like she really liked it because pretty soon she was wiggling all over your lap. I ran back to bed before anyone saw me. I told a few of my friends but none of them believed me, so the next year after I went to bed I snuck back right away. I saw mommy take all her clothes off and sit on your lap. You asked her if she had been a good girl and she said she had been, but she was about to be very naughty and needed to be spanked. Then she got up and laid over Santa's lap. He spanked her a bunch of times, but she didn't cry, she seemed to like it. Then she got up from his lap and sat down on his lap facing him. She bounced up and down on his lap for a long time while he tickled her breasts with his whiskers. After a little while she cried out that she was coming and her whole body shook while Santa made some grunting noises. I snuck back to my room after she kissed him and told him thank you for the present. I didn't know what present he meant. Mister Johnson moved away the next year and my mommy was really sad. My daddy moved out that year too.

I'm a big girl now, and I know very well what Santa was doing with Mommy, and why she liked it so much.

"I see Holly." I said after a long silence. "You were going to tell me what you wanted for Christmas."

She stood up from my lap and dropped her towel, leaving her completely naked, not a tan line on her very sexy body. "I would really like it if you would do to me what Mister Johnson did to mommy." She said blushing.

"I see Holly." I said quietly. It wasn't every day you had a good looking woman proposition Santa. "Have you been a good girl?"

"I have been a very good girl, but I hope I'm going to be a very naughty girl in a few minuntes."

"In that case, I think maybe we better spank you right now." I said, holding a hand out to her. If my wife found out I was doing this I would be dead meat, but my hormones were thinking for me right now. She stepped close to me and I leaned her over my lap. I reached under her front and gently squeezed one of her firm C cup breasts with my right hand and gave her a quick swat on the ass with my glove covered left hand. It didn't make much noise, but she jumped in surprise. I stroked her ass with my hand before giving it another swat. I again stroked her ass with my hand, this time stroking down between her legs which she spread to give me access. I gave her a third swat, after which I pulled my glove off and stroked her bare ass and pussy, allowing my middle finger to penetrate her wet pussy.

"Oh yes." She moaned quietly as I pushed deeper.

"Would you like to feel Santa's candy cane in your hot pussy?"

"Oh yes Santa. I would very much like to feel that." She said quietly.

I helped her up off my lap and she untied my Santa pants and pulled them down while I lifted myself off the chair. She straddled the chair and reached between us, guiding my dick to her wet pussy as she sat down.

"Ohhhhhh that's a very nice candy cane." She said as she slowly impaled herself on my raging hardon. I pulled her to me and quickly sucked a nipple into my mouth as she began to slowly bounce up and down my dick, pulling up until only my head remained inside her and then sliding down until my full length was buried inside her. She moaned quietly as she stroked on me, her speed picking with each stroke. She was soon bouncing on me with abandon and I was doing everything I could to keep from filling her pussy with my cream yet. "Oh god. I'm going to cum" she squeaked as she bounced. I closed my eyes and let myself go, firing the first jets of cum into her hot pussy the same time her body shuddered and she slammed down on me, grinding her clit and pussy into me as hard as she could. My dick pulsed and spurted cum deep into her as she shuddered and cooed how good it felt, finally collapsing against me as my dick subsided with her own tremors. We sat like that for some time before she sat back up and kissed me on my whisker covered lips. "Thank you Santa." She said quietly. "That was exactly what I have wanted for Christmas for a very long time."

"You're welcome Holly." I said, still a bit out of breath.

She smiled and stood up, using the towel to clean both of us up. I sat with my pants around my ankles and watched her dress. She seemed to be enjoying dressing slowly, giving me a view of her body from every angle as she put each piece of clothing on. Once she was fully dressed she knelt down and gave my dick a gentle kiss before pulling my pants up and helping me stand so she could get them all the way up. Once we were both decent again she hugged me as best she could with the fake belly pad on and kissed me softly on the lips. "I hope you play Santa again next year." She whispered before letting go and disappearing out the door. I walked back into my changing room and closed the door, taking a deep breath. That was an interesting but unexpected encounter. I could only hope now that no one noticed my absence.

"Santa, you have visitors." I heard Emily call.

I walked out and did my Santa routine for a little girl who's twenty something mother was tanning. After that things got slow, customer wise.

"So Santa, did she like her Christmas present?" Emily asked.

"Who?" I asked trying to sound innocent.

"The naughty girl you spanked in the other room."

"You saw?" I asked.

"Uh huh." She nodded. "I saw her close the door with you inside, but it didn't latch so I snuck back and peeked through the crack. Santa sure does have a nice looking candy cane." She grinned. "I sure would like to see how it fits inside me!"

"Your mother might not appreciate it, and I'm sure my wife wont."

"I don't think either of them would appreciate what you already did." She said with an evil grin. "For a price, they won't ever know!"

Here it came, I was dead meat now. It was my own fault. I should have used my brain instead of my dick to think with . "What price is that?"

"I want you to fuck me." She said simply.

"Why?" I asked seriously

"Men are so dense!" she answered, shaking her head. "I've been trying to seduce you for almost two years. You just never seemed to get the picture. Don't you remember the time at the lake last year when we were boating that my tits bounced out of my bikini top?"

I did recall that. I tried my best not to look, since her mom was sitting in the boat right next to me. Fortunately Lynn was looking back at the tubers we were pulling when I hit the big wake and one of Emilie's tits bounced out into plain sight. She seemed to take forever to notice it and put it back in. "I remember." I finally answered.

"It took me forever to get the strings just loose enough for that to happen. I really wanted you to see me. You walked right past the tent window while I was standing naked and you didn't see me."

"That still doesn't answer why." I said, still hoping there was a way out of this.

"Because I've had a crush on you for years, and after I broke up with my last boyfriend I decided I wanted to have sex with you." She answered, almost as if it were an obvious fact as she walked over to the door and locked it and flipped the out to lunch sign. Then she walked toward the back of the shop, pulling me by the hand. Once she was around the corner, and out of sight of the windows, she pulled her shirt off and tossed it aside unsnapping her shorts and letting them fall to the floor as she walked barefoot down the hall. She turned into the last room and waited there for me. "Now. I'm about to be a very very naughty girl and I think Santa needs to give me a spanking." She said as she stood by the chair in the tanning room, waiting for me to sit down. 

I moved over by her and she untied my pants and let them fall before I sat down. She laid across my lap, pinning my hard dick between my legs and her stomach. I pulled off my gloves and decided that if she wanted to be spanked, I would. I reached under her and held one of her large tits in my hand, squeezing her nipple between my fingers. Without warning I swatted her ass hard, leaving a red mark on her butt. She yelped in pain, but stayed bent over my lap. I rubbed across her butt gently stroking her whole butt before giving her other cheek a stinging swat.

"oh god yes." She moaned as I rubbed her reddening behind. "Please, rub my pussy too, just like you did to her." She begged. I stroked across her sore ass and slid my hand between her legs, no longer really thinking about who this was, but just that she was hot and naked. I slide my middle finger into her pussy, slowly pushing it as deep into her as I could. I stroked the inside of her tunnel with my finger and was rewarded with a low moan. I let my pointer finger find her clit and gently rub back and forth across the exposed nub.

"Oh fuck that's good" she moaned to me as she wiggled her ass around. After several minutes of this I felt her hand slide between us and grasp my cock, squeezing it and trying to stroke it between us. I pulled my hand from her pussy and helped her stand up, steering her to straddle me. She aimed my dick at her pussy and began to slowly settle down on me. She was extremely tight around my rock hard dick, but she continued to wiggle and work herself down my shaft, moaning and cooing "oh fuck yes" over and over. I reached behind me and undid the buckle on the fake belly and pulled it off, tossing it aside. I pulled my beard off and leaned my head to her large tits and eagerly sucked one into my mouth. I had wanted to suck these tits for a long time. I worked her nipple inside my mouth, rolling it on the roof of my mouth with my tongue and then flicking it back and forth quickly. I used my hands to press her farther down my shaft until there was nothing left.

"Ride me." I panted as I switched tits with my mouth.

"OH YES!" she cried as she began sliding up and down my shaft. I used one hand on her red ass and the other to stroke her clit as she worked up and down my shaft. I was surprised how quickly she climaxed, her whole body shaking and shivering. I was way to horny to stop. As soon as she had control of her body I helped her off of me and bent her over the chair, pushing my dick back into her pussy. The rhythmic slapping of our skin was drowned out only by her moaning and crying out as I pounded my dick in and out of her wet pussy. I felt it build and pushed deep into her with one final stroke before my dick started spurting cum into her. Pulse after pulse my dick expanded and pumped my cum into her until there was nothing in the well left to pump. Momentarily exhausted I pulled from her pussy and sat down in the chair, pulling her down onto my lap and holding her against my red coat.

"God that was worth waiting for." She panted into my ear. "I hope we get to do that again some time."

"We'll see." I answered. "But right now we better get things taken care of before we get caught."

"I suppose your right." She said as she got off my lap. She stepped out into the hall to pick up her clothes. "You can use the shower at the end of the hall." She called pulling her shorts and shirt back on while I collected my clothes.

"Thanks." I said as I dumped my stuff in my changing room and stripped off my top and then headed for the shower.

I stepped into the small room and turned the water on in the shower stall as I pushed the door closed. The water felt so good after being hot for so long that I didn't notice the door slowly being opened by the air flow when the heat turned on. I turned off the water and stepped out of the shower in full view of the long hallway leading to the front desk. I didn't even have time to pull a towel from the rack to dry off when a mice looking lady stopped dead in her tracks half way down the hall, staring at my naked body.

"Hell if I knew there was a strip show I would have brought some dollars." She said as she leaned against the door of the tanning room she was apparently headed into. I blushed as I covered myself with the towel I pulled from the shelf and headed for the room with my clothes, which was just across from her. As I tried to walk quickly past her, she grabbed the end of my towel and pulled it off of me as I headed into my room, closing the door behind me. I sat down on the chair breathing hard and not quite understanding why I was getting another hardon. I hadn't ever thought of myself as an exhibitionist, but somehow I was quite turned on. I got up and stepped to the door, opening it a little and peeking out to see if she was gone. To my surprise she was sitting in the tanning room across from me, facing my door, just waiting. Hoping I would come out I guess. Brazenly I opened the door, my hardening dick sticking out at an angle and walked back to where my stuff was. I began dressing back into my Santa suit, leaving my pants and boots for last, checking every so often to see what she was doing. I was not surprised to see her still sitting and watching, but I was surprised to see her legs spread and her short dress pulled up to her waist. She was busy with her panties around one ankle, stroking her pussy as she watched me. I pulled my pants on, and then stepped into my boots, letting my pants fall back around my boots when I was done. I sat down in the chair and motioned to her to come to me, and was not surprised when she got up and walked across the hall to me.
