 Sliding the glass door open he walked into his house, he couldn't believe it, he had just lost his job. The job he had been at for over ten years, he didn't even know what else to do he thought to himself. He walked over to the fridge and grabbed a beer and a microwave dinner. Popping the dinner into the microwave he popped the beer open and took a long drink. Leaning back against the counter Mike figured he had two choices, he could try and get unemployment and take a break from working or go out and try to find another job, a break would be so nice, but he knew he would get bored easily with not working. Sighing to himself he walked towards his bedroom. Throwing back the rest of the beer as he walked into his bedroom he chucked the bottle into the trash can. Sitting at the end of the bed he toed off his boots and laid back against the unmade bed, and soundly fell asleep. 

Greg woke up slowly and looked at the clock on the night-stand, the red little numbers came into focus and he realized it was one in the morning. What the hell he thought as he sat up, he was still in his work clothes and he would need to be up soon to go to work again, oh shit he thought as he realized he no longer had anyplace to be tomorrow. His stomach growled as he sat up and he walked to the bathroom to take care of business. As he stood in the bathroom he wondered what he would do to eat, he had thrown his dinner in the microwave but he knew it would be a lump of overcooked cold crap by now. He zipper up and washed his hands and wondered if there was a store open. Grabbing his keys and wallet from the door he walked out. Jumping into his car he drove to his normal grocery store, to his dismay they closed at midnight, glancing down at the clock on the dash he saw that he was over an hour and  half late. He knew there was another store a few towns over, and his stomach was demanding food by now. Driving on the highway he cruised along at sixty-five, the road was empty except the random car that passed on the other side. He pushed down on the gas and was speeding along the highway three towns over when he noticed another cars lights in his rearview mirror. He continued along doing a brisk eighty until suddenly he saw what every driver hates, the red and blue flickering of a police car. The car that had pulled behind him was a cop and he had been doing twenty-five over the speed limit, he pulled over to the side. Right away he wondered if  that beer would still show in his system, nah it couldn't he had it hours ago, he thought quickly as he saw the cops door open, he wondered if the guy would be a prick or not. What could he use as an excuse? His jaw dropped as he saw two female cops stepping out of the car. In their police uniforms one looked like she could take him down  while the other looked like an angel. This was unexpected he watched the ones breasts moving slowly under her shirt as they approached, smiling to himself he adjusted his crotch and rolled down the front  windows. 

Approaching the car on opposite sides the two women walked to the car slowly, they had already ran the plates and knew the car wasn't stolen and there seemed to be no problems. Melissa approached on the driver's side and smiled to the drive, he was somewhat cute she thought as he leaned out the car and grinned at her. "Good Evening Sir, do you know why we pulled you over tonight?" 

Greg laughed as he loved how cops expected people to incriminate themselves, "Sorry officer but I can't think of a reason why you pulled me over, I could have sworn I wasn't doing anything wrong, was I?"

The whole time Linda was standing at the left hand side of the car she was checking out the insides of the car, Linda was fairly strict about things, she didn't play games and she always knew to check a car out carefully. She had just looked at his registration sticker and his inspection, both happened to be clear but the inspection would be up in a few weeks. Shining her flashlight through the rest of the car she saw the car was immaculate except for a map tucked into the back seat.  Seeing the car was clear, Linda started to check out the driver, he seemed confident as he talked to Melissa, most guys froze when they spoke to Melissa. They almost always thought they could ruffle her feathers but the minute she looked at them, they knew they should keep their mouths shut and listen to every word she said. Linda often wanted to be like that, guys usually acted like assholes with her and didn't even pay attention to anything but her breasts. 

"Sir can you show me your license ?"  Melissa asked the man in the car. As he leaned over to reach into his wallet she noticed the bulge in his crotch, it looked mighty nice she thought to herself, glancing over the roof of the car she looked at Linda with a questioning stare. 

Linda stared back and mouthed that the car was clean and then she mouthed "Cute Guy Too, if a little bit disheveled." The two women had been working awhile together and could talk without saying a word almost, it gave them a heads up on the job, and a great relationship as friends. 

Greg pulled his wallet from his back pocket and thumbed through trying to find his license, where the fuck could he have put it he thought. 

Melissa looked down and saw Greg getting nervous as he rifled through his wallet, leaning on the window she smiled and offered, "take your time" 

Greg looked up and noticed both ladies leaning into the car, he would love to be driving by and seeing the view of their asses but he was enjoying the view from here as well. The cop to his right had a cute look, she was Blonde and had an upturned little nose and beautiful blue eyes, she had a large chest that he could see straining the buttons on her uniform. He would bet she had freckles in the summer. She had thin lips that fit her facial features well. Her hair curled about her face, he could just imagine a halo perched up on her head and laughed to himself, yeah an angel cop... He wasn't into blondes much, but he could appreciate a beautiful woman no matter what color hair she had. On his left the cop who had been talking to him was a real knock out, but she had a look about her that would bring a guy to his knees. She had dark looks, all dark hair, he wasn't sure if it was black or just dark brown, he couldn't tell its length either as it was braided back and coiled up, it looked heavy. She had dark eyes and a deep complexion He found his license and handed it over to Melissa.

As Melissa took his license back to the patrol car Linda spoke, "Hi, have you been drinking tonight Sir?" 

Turning to his right he smiled, "Nope, I don't drink and drive" He smiled at her as he took in her appearance more, she seemed a bit out of place he thought. He heard Melissa shout to Linda and Linda quickly walked over to the patrol car, constantly watching him in his car as she backed up. He wondered what could be wrong with his license, he quickly counted back to when it was issued, it couldn't be expired. He wondered what they would write on the ticket,   he knew he could get points off for this violation. Rubbing his temples he figured the day couldn't get much worse. He was Hungry his crotch ached and he had just lost his job, to top it off he had two beautiful women seeing him like this, which only made his cock tighten. He rubbed his temple and imagined what these ladies would look like outside of their work situation. 

Walking up together to the driver's side of the car Linda and Melissa both asked Greg, "Please step out of the car and face your vehicle sir" 

"What? I have never had to get out of the car before, was my license expired? I could have sworn I just had it renewed" Opening the car door he stepped out, and turned to the car. One of the women slammed the door shut and he jumped slightly as he placed his hands on top of the car. 

"I need to pat you down, so if you don't mind spread your legs and arms and don't move" Linda said as she ducked down at his legs. Greg smiled as her hands started to pat his ankles, he knew they would find nothing, accept maybe his hard on but, hey he didn't mind them feeling that up. His cock grew as he felt her slim fingers pressing against his leg his thigh, he felt her hands touching his ass and he felt her squeeze. He knew that wasn't in the normal pat down and he smiled at the fact that this cute package of a woman would want to feel him up. 

Linda smiled as she felt up Greg's ass, he came fully loaded she figured as she cupped his ass...reaching around she patted his hip and then said, "Could your spread your legs a little wider" as she reached around and placed her hand on his thighs and patted up until she felt his cock under her hand. By now her body was pressed against his back. As her fingers curled around his cock, she spoke to Melissa, "I think he is packing something pretty big in here, maybe you should take a look to be careful" 

Smiling Melissa asked Greg, "Mind if you turn around?" as he complied she reached in front of Greg and pressed her palm to his erection. "Yep he definitely has a large weapon concealed, I think we need to take that in"  Melissa hooked a finger into Greg's belt loop and walked him around to the passenger side of the car. Opening both doors to his car she pushed him onto the front seat. kneeling on the ground she rubbed her hand against his crotch. 

Greg sat in shock as Melissa's hand worked up and down his cock, Linda stood directly behind her smiling as she rubbed her breasts through her uniform, He couldn't fucking believe what he was seeing as Melissa pressed her mouth to the crotch of his pants. Her warm breath felt unbelievable as his cock pulsed in his briefs, he ached to take it out but he knew he couldn't move. He leaned back and moaned as he felt Melissa stroking him through his pants. 

Linda smiled as she watched Melissa working her hand over his cock, pressing her face to the material and pulling Greg's pants taught over his cock. She couldn't wait to see how big his cock really was, and she couldn't wait to have it stuffed into her pussy, she was already wet and could feel her panties getting damp. Pressing her thighs together she played with her nipples as she watched the traffic, there wasn't a soul on the road at this time of night. 

Melissa tugged the material of Greg's jeans tight around his erection as she kissed up his hard length, she ran her teeth along his cock. His jeans made the effect on his cock feel absolutely wonderful she figured, as he groaned out loud. "Mind if I take this out for inspection?" She laughed as she undid the button on his jeans. She Grabbed the zipper and tugged it down. Turning around she looked back at Linda who had let out a little sigh, she saw Linda had unbuttoned her shirt and was playing with her breasts through her lace bra. 

Greg stared at the two women in front of him, he reached down to Melissa and tugged his pants over his hips. He grabbed his briefs in his hands and tugged them down too, he looked up as he heard Linda moan loudly at the sight of his cock. 

Melissa couldn't believe what luck Linda had, she always got to fuck the ones with the great cocks, Melissa and Linda had made a deal back at the car, she would suck him off and then if Linda could get him hard she would ride him to content. She knew right away that Greg would have no problems getting it up a second time, she reached down to his large cock and wrapped her fingers around the head. She could barely fit her fingers around the shaft and at the head she couldn't. His cock was pulsing with thick veins and a bit of pre cum at the tip. She licked her lips and stroked him slowly in her palm. 

Linda was shaking with lust as she looked at Greg's cock, she wondered if she could fit it into her mouth, she loved to give head but she couldn't imagine fitting that monster in her mouth, it would be fun to try though she thought as she ran her hand down her curves. 

Greg felt Melissa's lips touching the sides of his cock and he thought he would cum right then and there. Looking at Linda who was touching her ample curves and running her hands over her cute rounded body as he felt the heat from Melissa's mouth on his cock drove him nuts.   He knew he was going to cum soon as his cock twitched when he felt the hot wetness of Melissa's tongue running along his length. 

Sliding her tongue up and down the length of Greg's cock Melissa wondered if it was possible to take him all the way down her throat. Slipping her tongue around the tip of his cock and licking him like a lollipop she slid her lips down around the head of his cock. Greg pushed up and she swallowed another few inches easily. She could feel his cock pulsing deep in her mouth as she worked her mouth back and forth taking him in and letting him slide slowly out of her mouth until just the head rest between her soft lips. She bobbed her head up and down taking around three-fourths of his cock deep into her mouth. She wanted more of his cock in her mouth and she slammed her face down onto his cock. 

Linda moaned as she rubbed her pussy. Her hand was buried in her panties and she was furiously rubbing her clit as she watched the scene before her, Melissa was really taking it all into her mouth and she could see Greg was forcing his hips up and down. "Fuck her face" She moaned as she looked at Greg, "Give her every inch of that fat cock in her mouth, let her swallow it all,"  Linda said as she forced a finger between her slit. 

Greg reached down and ripped the pins from Melissa's hair, she didn't even flinch as her mouth worked up and down his cock, he could feel his balls tighten as she forced it down her throat, his cock was stuffed in her mouth and he could feel her tongue brushing the underside of his cock, he tugged her hair down and the masses of thick hair filled his palms. He wrapped her hair around his hands and pulled her head deep into his crotch. He felt his dick pumping into her as his hips worked up and down and he cradled her head in his hands. Her hair was soft and smooth around his hands as he fucked her mouth. "Oh shit, im going to cummm" He moaned. 

His hips were pushing into he mouth Melissa could feel the pressure in his cock building and she reached up with her hand knowing he would be blowing his load into her mouth soon. Her tongue waited patiently to lick his cock clean as she massaged his balls and kept working her lips and mouth on his heavy cock. she felt the first burst of cum hit her throat and she swallowed quickly, she let his cock slide partially out of his mouth and covered it with her hand. Stroking him roughly she held the tip of his cock in her mouth sucking him hard as her other hand massaged his balls. She could feel his hips slowing as she felt the cum splashing into her mouth, she pulled back and grabbed his cock with both hands and stroked him until he shot his last load of cum against her waiting tongue and onto her face. 

Greg leaned back into the back seat and relaxed as his breathing slowed, he still was in shock that he had just blown his load in the mouth of a cop, a beautiful cop who was at this moment licking his balls and cock clean of his cum. He couldn't think strait. 

Linda's clit was on fire as she rubbed it through the material, she could see the cum on Melissa's lip and watched as Melissa licked it all off Greg's softening cock. She had to have that in her she thought as Melissa stood up. Melissa turned to her as she got out of the way and Linda stepped between the two doors of the car and between Greg's legs. 

"You are going to love how that cock throbs in you, I sure loved feeling it in my mouth, and his cum tastes pretty damn good too" Melissa laughed as she licked her lips clean and watched Linda crawl on top of Greg, the man had no clue what was going on and was still leaning back in the car. 

Linda growled softly and turned to Melissa, "I think you killed him" She laughed and tugged her pants off along with her panties, pressing her wet slit on Greg's soft cock she rubbed her pussy against him, instantly his eyes opened and stared at her as she felt his body shift underneath her. 

Greg was in shock he felt the warmth of Linda's pussy on his cock and he opened his eyes as she ground herself against him, he could feel his cock thicken as her dripping wet cunt rubbed along the sides of his cock, he never had a woman rub herself against him like this but she was fucking hot. 

Melissa straightened her clothing and walked back to the patrol car to make sure nothing was going on, the radio was loud enough that they would hear anything important but she wanted to check to be sure. Nothing was wrong so she walked back to Greg's car, except she opened the left hand door and slid in the car. Sitting behind Greg's head she watched Linda rubbing her breasts into Greg's face, he was trying to lick at her nipples and take her breasts into his hands. She could see Linda was already going to cum. 

Linda reached between her thighs and grabbed Greg's cock, it was stiff and hard and ready for her pussy. She slid the head to her clit and rubbed it between her lips, pushing it against her hole she slid her pussy down hard on Greg's cock. 

Moaning Greg grabbed Linda's big nipples between his teeth and bit softly as his hands massaged her large breasts. He felt his cock slide deep into her pussy and started to thrust his hips into her. She was tight and slick and his cock was driving into her. 

Linda could feel every inch of Greg's dick forcing its way deep into her body, she was out of control as she rode his cock. Her hands on his chest pressed down hard as she leaned back and fucked him with her pussy clamping down hard on his cock. She barely noticed Melissa in the car as she reached up and pinched her own nipples.

Greg watched Linda fuck his cock and play with her breasts, he could feel her pussy clamping down on his cock and knew she would be cumming soon enough, He smiled at Melissa as she unbuttoned her shirt, reaching down he rubbed at Linda's hard little clit as she started to tremble. 

Linda let out a scream as Greg's finger hit her clit, her pussy started contracting hard on Greg's dick as he she grabbed her nipples hard and tugged them, she came all over Greg's thighs and cock. 

Melissa saw the sheer pleasure on Linda's face as she came. Leaning down she pressed her lips to Greg's chest, she hadn't even seen his chest before, but Linda had gotten him fully naked and now she could enjoy the view of his chest, he was made just as a man should be she thought as she licked at his nipples...suddenly she felt a nip at her breast as Greg Bit her through her uniform

Greg could hear Linda's pussy slurping as she still rode him softly, the last waves of her climax still having effects on her, he could feel her pussy spasm tightly on his cock as he bit Melissa's nipple.

Melissa quickly undid her shirt and pulled it off so Greg could take her bare breast into his mouth. Teasing the nipple with her finger she lowered it to his mouth for him to suckle as Linda continued to fuck him. 

Linda could still feel Greg hard in her pussy as she moaned softly, god he felt like he was fucking huge in her pussy, she knew she would cum quick but she was amazed that Greg was still hard in her. She smiled as she rode him softly and watched him licking at Melissa's nipples, she reached down behind her and ran her fingers up his thighs, he was muscular and she wondered what he did to keep up his body as she felt his cock tighten in her pussy. The sudden pulse in his cock made her pussy quiver slightly as she felt an orgasm starting to build again. Oh gosh she wasn't used to having her pussy cum more then once, she trembled as her muscles tightened around the cock shoved up her. She didn't have the strength to continue she thought as she slumped slightly forward as Greg's hips started to thrust harder and faster into her. 
