 It is 9 o'clock on Friday night, and all I can think is how screwed up my life is. I've been looking forward to my date all week: I spent an hour getting reading, transforming from my conservative librarian style to my weekend slut look. My dress shows enough to be interesting.

Not interesting enough, though, since my date tonight was really a break-up dinner. Now I'm driving home at about 80 mph, brimming with frustration. I need a good fuck, and I'm afraid my vibrator isn't going to be good enough tonight.

I'm getting an early start on a masturbatory fantasy- maybe the deliveryman tonight- when I see the lights behind me. Great, a cop. I finally realize how fast I'm going. Shit, this is a problem I really don't want to deal with.

I pull the car off the road, roll the window down, and start looking for my insurance card.

"Good evening, ma'am," comes a deep voice, "you have an emergency?"

"No, sir," I say. "Just a bad date."

He asks for my paperwork and takes it to his car. I've never been pulled over before, and I'm pretty nervous.

"I'm going to have to ask you to step out of your car, ma'am," comes the voice again.

I open the door and climb out, my dress inching up to show the top of my stockings and the beginning of my garter belt.

"Have you been drinking?" he asks. I finally look at him now and see he is an incredible piece of man- all muscle. I can barely breathe looking at him.

"No, sir."

"I'm going to have to ask you to prove that. We're checking all our speeders tonight."

He tells me to walk a straight line, which is a challenge in my stiletto heels. As I walk, I realize he is staring at my ass. It's all I can do not to add a little wiggle to my step.

"Now I need you to bend over and touch your toes," he says. I have never heard of this particular test, but I know I have to obey him. Even if he weren't a cop, I think I would probably do whatever he says.

He's still behind me. When I lean over my skirt raises to my ass. The beams of the headlights are on me enough that he can see that I am wearing a garter belt but no panties. I hear him suck in his breath, and I can't help it, but I do add a wiggle now.

"Well, I don't think you've been drinking, but I'm going to have to ask you to go over to your car and put your hands on the roof, so I can frisk you. We've had some problems with drugs tonight."

Normally I would be offended by this invasion of my privacy, but the thought of this gorgeous man touching me makes me wet. I follow his instructions and stand by the car with my hands on the roof, legs spread wide.

He walks up behind me and puts his hands on my shoulders. Slowly he strokes his hands over my shoulders and down my back. My nipples harden in anticipation. His hands move to my stomach and pause. I can feel his solid body behind me, not quite touching me.

He slides his hands up and molds my breasts. I know he can feel the hard peaks of my nipples.

"Just procedure, ma'am." He sounds hoarse, and I wonder if he is as affected as I am.

His hands roam my breasts and then they are gone, gliding down my hips and my legs. My legs are covered in sheer stockings, with no hiding place. He strokes down them anyway- first down the outside, then up the inside of my calves to my thighs. He pauses again at my garter belt. I know he can smell my arousal, as his hands move up to mold my ass.

"You don't seem to be hiding anything," the cop says.

It strikes me that he is about to be done touching me and I do not want him to stop.

"What about a cavity search?" I ask. I can't believe I said that!

He hesitates, and then I can tell he is smiling. "That's an excellent idea."

He leads me to the trunk of my car and has me lean forward, my breasts pushing into the metal.

I feel him start to slide his hands up my legs again and slowly his fingers reach my wet pussy. He slides one finger in, then two. I am moaning in rhythm with his fingers. He puts a third finger in, and I feel myself stretching. I gasp out loud.

"Nothing hiding, but maybe I need to look," he whispers. He bends down, and I can feel his face near my ass, can feel him watch his fingers fucking my snatch. His fingers pull out, and I moan a protest at the emptiness.

I feel him licking at my wetness just before his tongue enters my pussy. I am almost screaming out when his finger slowly enters my anus. I have never been touched there. With this dual assault I come, finally screaming, my whole body shivering in desire.

"You seem alright to me, " he says, " but we haven't checked your mouth yet." I stand up, turn toward him, and get on my knees before he even asks. I know exactly what he wants.

He unzips his pants and pulls out the biggest dick I've ever seen. I know that even though I won't be able to take it all into my mouth, I am going to really enjoy sucking him.

I start by licking the head, and I hear him groan softly. He puts his hands in my hair, holding my head close to him. I lick down his cock and up the other side, using my hand to grip his shaft. I start slowly, bringing him into my mouth until I can hardly breathe from being so full of him. Then I move back to the head so slowly that I can feel all his muscles tighten. He grips my hair harder, and I begin to move faster, using my hands on his balls and his shaft. He cries out as he comes in my mouth in a big burst.

I stand up, suddenly realizing the vulnerability of my situation. I've been giving a blowjob on the side of the road, but at least I know I won't be arrested.

We arrange our clothing, and I can tell he's feeling awkward.

"Am I free to go now, officer?"

"Well, I guess I can let you off with a warning this time." He grins wickedly at me. "How about a police escort home?"

I consider, and knowing what I want to do with this gorgeous man and his beautiful cock, I say, "Yes, Please."