 I arrived at Sara's apartment about 8:00PM. I brought over some fine Italian food from one of our favorite restaurants and a couple of movies. It was just too cold and generally nasty outside to make it a night out, so we decided to stay in that night. It was easier and safer than dealing with bad driving and parking conditions. She thought it would be nice to have a slow night on which we could just relax and enjoy each other's company. For as long as I remember anytime I got together with a girl to watch a movie it was really just a code word for lets hook up. It would never matter what we were watching, but put me on a couch in a dark room with a girl and sooner than later I will be all over her, and that is exactly how it was. When we made up to watch some movies, I'm not sure what she was thinking, but I formulated my own ideas.

I was starting to fear that our sex life was becoming somewhat stagnant, it was good sex, but it was the same sex over and over again. I figured that tonight would be my chance to catch her off guard and light a sexual fire under her ass. Well what I wanted to light in her was more like a blazing inferno. I wanted to elevate the levels of our sexual experiences to levels that we had not reached before. At the table we talked and laughed over dinner, as we would normally do. Sara was completely relaxed and had no idea at all what I was planning for her that night.

After dinner, we moved to the couch to watch our movies. Sara was about to sit down when she said that she wanted to change into something more comfortable. I immediately started to imagine that I might not have been the only one with a secret plan for tonight, as this would generally refer to something either lacy or racy. I sat on the couch with an ear-to-ear smile, like a young child waiting for his surprise present to be brought out of the closet. However, on this "quiet" night it turned out to be a white cotton tank top and boxer shorts. Sara figured that I would want to change as well so she brought me a white cotton tee shirt and mesh shorts from the shelf of her closet that was set aside for a few of my things.

I smiled somewhat reluctantly as I graciously took my clothes from her. I unbuttoned my shirt slowly for her, and draped it over a chair, and then I suggestively opened my belt and unzipped my pants. Standing before her shirtless I put my thumbs inside the waistline of my pants and pushed them down into a pool around my ankles. Sara smiled at my antics and gave me applause for my little show. After I put on my other clothes she patted the spot on the couch next to her beckoning me to join her.

Sara gave me a soft peck on the cheek as I sat down next to her and then popped in the first movie. She leaned up against me closely, snuggling her body against me. I reached my arm around her neck, and brought it down on her shoulder, holding her closely and comfortably against me. Sara adjusted herself to lay her head on my chest and set her hand on my thigh.

I gave it a fair shot, and tried to focus on the movie, but I couldn't completely clear my mind from the earlier fantasy of Sara emerging from her bedroom wearing my favorite red satin and lace bra and panty set. I quickly lost interest in the movie, and decided it was time to set my plans into motion. I glided my fingertips lightly up and down Sara's arm. I got her to look up at me with a smile and she squeezed and patted my thigh, but then went back to watching the movie.

I gave her a moment and then pulled her hair behind her neck and traced the edge of her ear with my fingertip. I whispered to her "You are so beautiful."

"Thanks baby," she said and lifted her head for a kiss.

I held her face in our kiss, and pressed my lips firmly to hers. I slipped my tongue between her lips and she playfully accepted it, circling it with her own tongue. My hands moved down from her face to her neck, and I tilted her head back. I pulled my mouth away from her lips, and kissed her neck softly. With each kiss my lips would linger on her skin and then I would give her a light nibble. I held a fistful of her hair, keeping her head tilted back as I moved up from her neck to licked and nibble on her ear. 

I could sense her getting chills and goose bumps when she couldn't hold back any longer and she squirmed and shrieked. I knew right away her body was starting to tingle all over. She held my head down along her collar beckoning me not to stop. I always knew how sensitive she was, and how I could melt her with enough foreplay. The problem was that we never really could gather up the patience to take it far enough. Tonight was different though, and tonight I was committed to being patient for myself, and forcing her to be patient as well.

Holding her hair, I brought her head forward. I lightly kissed her lips and then kissed her face. I kissed her cheeks, her jaw and her chin. I sucked and nibbled on her lips. I could feel and hear the change in her breathing. Her breaths were shorter and deeper and she softly cooed and sighed. She was getting hot and she was getting ready, but even though I could have taken her then I forced myself to be patient and build up the sexual energy even greater.

I sat her upright on the couch and then I rolled on top of her and slid down her body until my face was between her thighs. I ran my fingers up and down her inner thighs, and squeezing them gently. I spread her legs wide open and I kissed my way up from her knee to the edge of her short, crawling in between her legs getting as close as I could to her body. I placed my hands on her waist and took hold of her tank top, pushing it up and revealing her tummy, but not over her tits. I ran my fingertips along her sides and leaned in and kissed her tummy. Sara cooed and sighed softly and her hips began to slowly gyrate, as I kissed and nibbled her soft body.

I glided my hands up along her sides to her chest. I first teased the outline of her erect nipples through the fabric of her tank top, and then slid my hands under it and teased her nipples, rubbing them with my thumb and forefingers. Her body shuddered as I squeezed her tits and tugged on her nipples. Sara's back arched upward pushing her tits into my hands. Her chest was heaving, and her breathing was quickly becoming panting. On any other night she would have demanded that I make love to her at once, but tonight she I had caught her with her off guard and she was allowing me to do anything that I wanted to her body.

I pushed her tank top over her tits, and one by one circled each nipple with my tongue and then took it into my mouth and sucked it. I held her arms down, restricting her from holding my head down to her tits, as she wanted to. Her body was on fire and she desperately wanted to touch any part of me. Her body wiggled and squirmed, but I leaned against her body limiting her ability to move and forcing all of her energy to be contained as I licked and sucked her breasts and nipples.

Sara was moaned and sighed louder and louder as her voice was the only outlet she had for all of the sexual sensations that filled her body. I lifted my mouth from her tits and first took off my shirt, then lifted the tank top over her head. I leaned in to her and extended my tongue teasingly toward her lips. She desperately stretched her tongue and lifted her head to meet my tongue and lips. I opened my mouth and closed my lips over her eager tongue. I playfully sucked and nibbled on her tongue as I sensed her begging for me to kiss her fully.

I pressed my lips firmly to hers and she kissed me back with passion and lust. My cock was hard, and Sara's pussy was dripping. I pressed myself against her body and my cock up against her crotch grinding against her pussy. Sara tried to arch up and meet me with her own gyrations but I pressed myself over her with more pressure holding her body down. I could sense that I was coming dangerously close to losing any control that I had over her. She was rapidly losing her patience with me and wanted satisfaction immediately. At this moment she wanted nothing more than both of us naked and my cock deep inside of her, filling her pulsating pussy with my long, hard, thick cock.

I stood up and standing before her I dropped my shorts to the floor. I hesitated momentarily with my shorts around my ankles and the outline of my cock clearly visible through my boxer briefs. I slowly lowered my underwear down over my cock, which caused it to spring right up as the elastic passed over the head. With the head of my cock pointing right at her face I stepped right in front of her and dangled it at her lips. She hungrily snaked her tongue over the tip of the head licking the drops of pre-cum off of me. She grabbed my shaft and stroked the shaft while she licked and sucked the head.

As she stroked and sucked on my cock at the same time, I grabbed a hold of her hair and pushed more of my cock down her throat. Her hands gripped my thighs to steady herself as I got into a rhythm and started fucking her face. This was the first time that she had let me fuck her face like this, and it felt great. I felt my cock hitting the back of her throat, and I was nervous that she might gag on me. My worries proved to be unfounded as she was so hungry for the touch and taste of my cock at this point that she completely relaxed her throat completely and was happy to have my cock in any way that I would give it to her.

I felt a swell building in my cock and I was very close to exploding right there in her mouth, but I knew that I had to save myself for her. I stepped back from her mouth and knelt down before her. She parted her legs for me, but I pushed them together so that I could slide down her shorts. As I peeled of her shorts my eyes were treated to the sight of a very, very wet spot at least the size of a quarter on her panties. I ran my finger along the wet spot, barely pushing my finger just between her lips though the fabric. I pulled down her panties and tossed them aside. I lifted her legs by her ankles and set her thighs down on my shoulders. I moved my face right above her wet pussy and I softly blew on her lips. I felt her shiver and shudder, and before I knew it her hands were on the back of my head pushing my face down into her pussy.

I planted my lips firmly on hers and French kissed her pussy. It was a deep and passionate kiss as I sucked and nibbled on her lips. I slipped my tongue inside her and flicked my tongue rapidly up and down inside her. Sara sighed and moaned loudly as my tongue slithered in her pussy. I rolled my tongue along her lips up to her clit and flicked my tongue against it. She started to squirm when I laid my tongue flat over her clit and wagged it back and forth. I knew that she was already about to cum, but I didn't want her to cum just yet. I had to know what it would feel like to have her pussy clenched around my cock in this ultra heightened state of arousal.

I stood up in front of her and gripped the back of her thighs. I pulled her to the edge of the couch, with her legs spread and her pussy wet and waiting. I gripped my cock and placed it along her warm, wet slit. Sara's eyes were fixated on my cock, and she licked her lips anticipating the fucking she was so desperate for now. I slapped my cock along her lips, and then over her clit. Her hips thrashed and she hissed "give it to me already, please just fuck me already." As long as we had been together she has never hissed at me like that or so openly pleaded with me to fuck her. I wanted to fuck her just about as badly as she wanted me to, but I decided to see how much farther I could push her.

I released my cock from my grip and placed my hand over her pussy. I could feel the heart radiating from her body. Painfully slowly, I rolled a finger along her wet slit and slid my finger inside her. She hissed again "your cock! I want your cock!" 

I started to fuck her with my finger and I asked her "do you want my cock like this? Like my finger is fucking you?"

"No!" she exclaimed I want you to fuck me much harder with your cock.

I withdrew my finger from her pussy, and started to rub her clit with it, slowly and gently circling it with my fingertip. She began to writhe and squirm. "Is this better?" I asked.

"Yes! Yes!" she exclaimed crying out and moaning. Her hips bucked pushing her clit up against my finger. I rubbed her a bit more and then took my finger away before she could go over the edge.

Her eyes were now seething, with a fire burning deep within them. She wanted and needed to cum immediately, and her body had been so close now and I stopped her from having her satisfaction. Her chest was heaving and her breathing was very heavy. Her body begged for a climax. She didn't care much anymore if I was fingering her, licking her or fucking her, she needed me to make her cum. At this point I had tortured her with pleasure, until I reached the point where I truly felt that she could not and would not take any more.

I gripped her hips and flipped her over onto her tummy. I stood behind her and gave her ass a good slap. That slap nearly made her cum before I even got to stuff her pussy with my cock. In one motion I thrust the entire length of my cock deep inside her pussy. I held her hips and began to rock back and forth fucking her pussy. I forcefully pulled her hips against mine to meet every thrust, trying to go as deep as I could inside her.

Sara moaned and squealed as I gave her the fuck that she so desperately needed. She squeezed her pussy tightly around my cock to making the sensations feel even hotter. I spanked her ass again, and the sensation sent her over the edge. Her pussy tightened even harder around my cock, and she screamed and shuddered, as her orgasm gushed over my cock.

I fucked her harder and faster at the peak of her orgasm. I had never felt any pussy clenched so tightly around my cock. It felt as if her pussy was trying to squeeze his cum out of his cock at the same time that she came. Her body shook violently as wave after orgasmic wave crashed through her body. I watched her hair flying everywhere as her she thrashed her head screaming and hissing "yeah, fuck, oh my god yes! Yes! Fuck me harder!" It was the longest orgasm that a woman had ever experienced in bed with me.

When she stopped shaking I managed to pull his cock out of her pussy and brought it to her mouth. She covered my cock with her mouth and licked her juices off of me. She sucked my cock better than he had ever sucked me off before, and in seconds I rewarded her efforts as she felt bursts of my warm cum against the back of her throat.

Sara swallowed what she could from me and then licked the rest from her lips and from my cock. She laid on the couch feeling drained and motioned for me to lay with her. She smiled and said, "I can't wait to find out how long you can hold out for before I let you cum."