 Chapter 16 -- Return of the Queen

The next morning I made it to the office ahead of everyone, except Leslie. I stopped by her office on the way to my own. She was reviewing a document on her desk when I stepped into her doorway.

"That was one killer lesson plan you had last night," I joked.

"It's never dull around here," she laughed.

I didn't stay around for small talk; I simply turned and proceeded to my office. I was working on the finances of the firm as the morning progressed and the office filled up, both with our team and several clients in for meetings. I stayed quiet and laid low, knowing my role on days like these.

The afternoon saw the office clear out. Leslie was in court again, while Brooke was off showing several properties. Penny called it a day early but stopped by to see me before she headed out.

"Hey, Emma needs you to help her when Nikki leaves," Penny informed me.

"Sure, just have her yell when she needs me," I assured her.

"Great," Penny responded. "Be sure and give her your best effort. See you at home later, much later."

I had no idea where that remark about my 'best effort' was coming from or what it was intended to mean. I was confused but by the time I raised my head to look at Penny, she was already on her way out of the office. I let that comment stew in my mind for the rest of the afternoon. I was trying to determine what it might mean and in the process I was driving myself crazy. Finally the torture came to an end.

"I'm leaving for the day," Nikki said as she entered my office around 4pm. "Monica has a doctor's appointment and I am going to take her."

"How are you doing with everything," I asked her.

"I am adjusting," she revealed. "I understand what happened and how it happened. I am upset about pieces of it but I love Monica too much to let this stop me. So, we have agreed to work around it as best we can. I want this baby and so does she, but I worry about the impact it will have on us. It will make or break us. I know it. I am just going to work very hard to ensure it makes us and forget the other option."

"Nicholette, you are a wonderful woman," I complimented her. "It is a pleasure to be around you."

"You are too sweet," she said as she turned to leave. "Emma needs you now."

I nodded in response as she made her way out of my office and headed for the front door. I watched her go and then got up from my chair. I walked carefully towards Emma's office. We were the only two in the office now so I did not want to startle her if she was deep in thought.

I reached her doorway and stopped. I stared at her as she was reading two documents on her desk in front of her, apparently comparing them. I did not move or make a sound, but somehow she sensed that I was there.

"Come in and sit down," she instructed without looking up from her documents.

I did as I was told and entered. I made my way to the chair in front of her desk and sat down. Emma's office was much larger than my own. She had a small table with two chairs near the door, a flat screen television with a built in dvd player on the far wall, a couch on the near wall and two visitor chairs directly in front of her desk. This was the office of someone important. It had that ultra-executive feel to it.

"So, I need your help," she began.

"That's why I am here," I replied. "I am part of the team."

"So you are," she reiterated. "But this really isn't a big deal. I just need you to compare the six depositions from the Harbaugh case. They are on the table behind you. Just compare version 1 in the white binders to version 2 in the black binders. It shouldn't take all that long."

"That's interesting," I postured. "Penny made it sound like I would be here for a while."

"Stay as long as you like," Emma stated. "But that is all that I need your help with. Nikki got a lot done today."

"I am glad to pitch in however you need me," I said.

I began to get up out of my chair but then thought better of it and sat back down.

"Is there something else you need," Emma asked when she noticed that I did not get up.

"Well, since we are the only ones here right now, I was hoping we could talk," I revealed.

"If you want to talk about what I think you want to talk about, then the answer is no," Emma declared.

I again thought about pushing the issue, but decided not to. I stood from the chair and filled my arms with the binders on the table. I headed back to my office and got to work. It was a boring, mundane exercise but it was the contribution that I was asked to make, so I did it without complaint. I thought of Emma, hard at work at her desk and I wished I had asked her about Sienna and what she gave up to get Monica out of the game for the term of her pregnancy. I knew Sienna had leveraged it, she is the type of person that would, simply because she could. I really wished that I had asked.

I had a splitting headache by the time I was done comparing the 6 depositions. My eyes were blurry and I was tired. I could not believe that it took as long as it did, as I noticed that it was now well after 6pm. It was an exhausting task, but not incredibly difficult. I collected the binders and returned to Emma's office.

I deposited the binders back on the table that I had collected them from. I turned to leave Emma's office without a word but decided that was not good enough. I walked to the front of her desk and deposited myself into one of the guest chairs yet again. 

"Let's talk," I said.

"I will assume you are done with the depositions," Emma responded without looking up at me.

"That's a safe assumption," I confirmed. "Now, it looks like you could use a break from working for a minute and I have some things I want to discuss with you."

"Oh really," Emma postured as she finally looked up at me.

Her eyes were big with fake surprise as she removed her glasses and laid them on her desk.

"Let me guess what is on your mind," she mocked. "You want to know what I did to get Sienna to allow Monica to sit out during her pregnancy. Right?"

"That is right," I validated. "And you don't want to tell me."

"I'm not sure that it's any of your business," Emma scolded me without raising her tone of voice.

"I never said that it was my business," I admitted. "I just said I wanted to know."

"Curiosity killed the cat," Emma remarked. "Be careful you don't suffer the same fate."

"This is getting me nowhere," I growled as I stood up.

I moved to the door and was about to exit her office when she stopped me.

"Ok, let's talk about it," Emma conceded.

I turned around and returned to the chair. She sighed heavily before speaking.

"Nikki came to me," Emma began. "She told me that they were having a baby and that Monica was pregnant. She was upset and very concerned for Monica's safety in Sienna's game. She would not tell me what leverage Sienna has on Monica but she did say that she wanted us to protect the baby. I couldn't do anything but listen and help."

"So you called Sienna to discuss it," I presumed aloud.

"Not at that point," she corrected me. "First I called Penny to discuss our approach. It is, after all, her game now and I did not want to make her feel like I was superseding her. So we discussed it thoroughly and Penny came up with the plan that I should call Sienna on Nikki's behalf. Penny thought that if Sienna sensed tension in our game she might be more receptive to work with me in hopes that the rift between Penny and I would turn into an all-out war for power."

"That's actually quite a smart play," I said. "Especially after our meeting with Sienna. I am more than a little impressed. So you called Sienna and bargained?"

"Something like that," Emma agreed. "We agreed that the baby was part of both games and therefore we both had an interest in its health and safety."

"That makes sense," I accepted. "But I know she didn't give up Monica for nothing."

"No, she didn't," Emma substantiated. "At first she wanted a full time replacement player for the time Monica was to be 'inactive.' She mentioned Nikki by name and suggested if not Nikki then perhaps Mindy."

"There is no way you agreed to either of those," I surmised. "What did she ask for next, money?"

"No, money isn't important to her," Emma reminded me. "Since we had a common interest in the child, she conceded her point for a full time replacement."

"So we are looking at a part-time replacement," I stated.

"That is where she went next," Emma advised me. "But rather than have someone not know when they would have to participate with her or with us and make that person crazy, paranoid or both, I offered her alternative compensation."

"Alternative compensation," I repeated. "Why does that sound expensive?"

"On the contrary, we settled for a one time stand-in," Emma disclosed.

"A one time stand-in, as in one and done," I questioned.

"Yep," Emma answered simply.

"Who," I inquired.

"Are you sure you want to know everything," Emma attempted to verify. "Some details might be better left unsaid."

"There's no turning back now," I stated. "Who is it going to be?"

"At first she was still trying to get to me," Emma reported. "So, she asked for Vivian. When we were working together, I had made her aware of the fallout from my reaction to catching you with Vivian. I think she wanted to cut me by asking for her, I really don't think she actually wanted her."

"What makes you say that," I inquired.

"Well, when she asked for Vivian, she prefaced it by saying that Brad deserved a reward for all of his loyalty," she revealed. "I know she could care less about rewarding that boy and when I declined she had a second name waiting on the tip of her tongue."

"Me," I stated confidently.

"Exactly," Emma confirmed. "She wanted you for one night, overnight."

"I hope that's the deal you accepted," I divulged. "I can handle her for one night and if it will help Monica and Nikki, no sweat."

"Ah, I hate to disappoint you," she said half-heartedly. "I did not accept those terms."

"Why the hell not," I shouted. "It was a good solution and I certainly would have taken one for the team. What the hell terms did you accept?"

"My terms," Emma said calmly. "I made her a counter-offer that she could not refuse and called her bluff at the same time. As I did not want her to benefit, I was not about to give you to her for an entire night. So, I went back to her wanting to reward Brad and I offered her the chance to give that boy the ultimate reward, me."

"What," I exclaimed. "Are you serious?"

"Yes, I am," she expressed. "It was my turn to take one for the team. I brought her into our lives and I owed everyone for that mistake. She wouldn't dare refuse the deal I laid out for her."

"What was the deal," I asked, feeling sick and defeated all at the same time.

"She immediately reminded me that I was not an active player any longer," Emma disclosed. "I stroked her ego a little, telling her what a big score it would be by getting me back into her game when I was no longer playing the game I started. She could not resist having one up on you and Penny. She was damn near salivating over it."

"So you got what you wanted then," I concluded.

"Not exactly," she corrected me. "This is where things took a turn even I didn't see coming."

"A turn," I repeated. "How so?"

"Well I laid out my terms for her," Emma continued. "Brad could have me one time for one hour and then Monica was free until at least 9 weeks after the baby was born. She agreed to the timeline of Monica's freedom but said that an hour with Brad wouldn't cut it. In fact, she decided that I was too good to be wasted on Brad."

I did not like where this was headed at all. My stomach sank as I listened.

"She knew I would never do anything with Lisa, based on my relationship with Leslie," Emma went on. "She actually was smart enough not to even suggest it or ask. That was a good play on her part."

"So then," I pushed her. "You owe an hour, to be spent with Sienna."

"Owed," she corrected me again. "What's done is done."

I sat there, now completely speechless. It was already done. There was no chance to change Emma's mind since it had come and gone already. This information overwhelmed me. Emma did not speak. She let me soak in this data and adjust. I looked at her, still confused.

"I have to ask you one thing," I concluded.

"Go ahead," she urged.

"Why," I asked simply. "If you won't play this game anymore why play that one?"

She turned her head and pinched the bridge of her nose as she gathered her thoughts. She looked at me again and had extreme confidence in her eyes. I had seen that look before but not for a while. I was now waiting for her response with terrific anticipation.

"I had a lot of reasons for doing it," Emma clarified. "I already told you I regret bringing Sienna into this game. I also was struggling internally with doing what's right for my family and very much still wanting to play. I had to find out if the game still fit me and this was a win-win situation. Sienna got what she wanted, Monica was off the hook during her pregnancy and I got to find out if I could still play the game."

I thought about what she had just said. I took my time processing it before I responded. I was not sure what to do at that moment. I looked at Emma's beautiful face as she sat behind her desk and nostalgia washed over me. All the times we had when this game started. All the adventures she had taken me on. All the times I asked her if she was ever going to get back in the game. Was this that moment? I did not want to believe it. It was easier not to. I hated the thought of having to live up to our past.

I sat there motionless and without words. Emma finally stood from her chair and walked around her desk. She sat on the edge, directly in front of me. I lowered my head into my hands. Emma leaned over and put her lips near my ear.

"Aren't you going to ask me," she whispered.

I did not answer; I just shook my head in my hands.

"Then I guess I will just have to tell you," she went on. "I'm back in the game, stud. I know you missed me."

She pulled back and sat on the edge of her desk again. I lifted my head from my hands and looked up at her. I stood up and kissed her on the mouth passionately. I pulled her to me and held her tightly as our tongues wrestled hungrily. Emma undid my belt as I unbutton her shirt. We continued to kiss as cloths flew from our bodies. Finally she stood before in only her black lace bra and panties while I was naked, my rock hard cock throbbing for her touch like never before.

"Tonight is not a night for games," I said between liplocks.

"I agree, let's fuck," Emma concurred.

She pushed me back onto the couch and then removed her panties while I watched. I had missed her pussy and my dick was gushing precum by the gallon as I stared at her gorgeous body.

"I have to get home for dinner," Emma announced.

"I wouldn't worry," I admitted. "I don't think I will last long."

"I was counting on it," she confirmed.

Emma climbed on top of me on the couch and our mouths met again. She pulled her mouth from mine and then climbed off of me. She turned herself around and straddled me again, this time with her back to my chest. I could not wait.

Emma grabbed my shaft and directed it to her gash. I pressed into her easily as she was saturated with her own juices. She lowered herself onto my full length and I groaned loudly. Emma then began to ride my cock fiercely. She raised and lowered her box onto my pole over and over as my eyes rolled back in my head with delight. I did not move a muscle as she pounded her pussy onto my tool with great force. I was enjoying every second of this.

"I have missed this," she moaned. "I have missed fucking you so much."

I was right; I was not going to last long at all. My climax was nearing and I placed my hands on Emma's hips as she rode me. I pulled her down to me harder each time she moved up my cock. I exploded inside of her without warning. Emma continued to ride me as I rocketed jet after jet of batter into her box. I could not ever remember cumming that hard with her, but it had been a while. I continued to pull her down onto my member until I was milked dry.

Emma slowed her pace and finally came to a stop. I was so overwhelmed by the moment that I had no idea if she came or not. She climbed off of me and began to dress herself. I watched in sheer satisfaction. She was back and I was on top of the world. Nothing was going to beat this moment for quite a while. 

When she was completely dressed again, Emma walked over to her desk and grabbed her bag. She picked up her keys and made her way to where I was still sitting on the couch.

"Game on," she chuckled as she left her office.

I watched her go, still not ready to move. Finally I found energy to get dressed and lock up the office for the night. 

When I got home, Penny was in the kitchen, doing dishes. I walked up behind her and put my hands on her shoulders. I held her in place to keep her from turning around.

"You played this one perfectly," I acknowledged. "You really set up a foundation where we might be able to deliver that bitch a real blow later on. Nice job."

I let her go and headed to my room. I knew she would be crawling in bed with me later anyway. It was her night after all.