 Sandy looked up from her Cosmo magazine when the nurse came to the waiting room and called out, "Jennifer Gordon."

Jennifer stood up and Sandy said, "You sure you don't want me to go in with you?"

"Mom," Jennifer said as she rolled her eyes. "I'm here to get birth control pills. That in and of itself should mean that I'm old enough to see the doctor without Mommy holding my hand."

Sandy wrinkled her nose at her daughter and said, "Don't get smart."

Sandy went back to reading her magazine as Jennifer followed the nurse to the Doctor's office. She looked up again when she heard a familiar voice say, "Is that really your daughter?"

Sandy smiled when she recognized, Dr. Jacob Guerra, an attending physician from the Emergency Room that she'd done business with in the past. "Yes, Dr. Guerra. That was my daughter."

Shifting a chart from one hand to the other, he said, "Call me, Jake. I stepped out here and saw the two of you and would have sworn she was your sister. Maybe even a twin."

Sandy laughed, "I get that a lot. I was pretty young when I had her."

"You must have barely been out of puberty."

She laughed even harder. "Not that young. I was legal by the time I had her. Maybe not on the night she got made, but definitely legal by the night she was born. Legal in Texas anyway."

He laughed with her and said, "Still, you've aged well."

She shrugged and said, "Jennifer's a little younger than she looks, and I'm a little older than I look. Put that with how young I was when I had her and it's pretty natural to think we're sisters. And, we do look a lot alike. You're not the first person to actually think we're twins."

"Okay," he said. "I was just up here to follow up on a patient I referred to gynecology last week. But, now I'm due for a break. Care to join me for a cup of coffee?"

"I'd love one," Sandy said as she dropped the magazine onto the table next to her chair.

"Great," he said. "The cafeteria is right down here."

She followed him through a set of double doors out into a passageway. Just before they reached the cafeteria, they came to a door marked ladies room. Sandy stopped and said, "Let me step in here and freshen up first."

"Sure," Jake said. "I'll wait right here."

"Don't be silly. I can find the way from here. Order me a cappuccino."

He smiled and watched her ass as she stepped inside. Damn, he thought, remembering how she'd flirted with him when she was hawking her pills for whatever drug company it was that she worked for. He couldn't remember whom she worked for, but he remembered that ass. And he sure remembered those tits. They were in his face, almost popping out of her dress, the whole time she was pitching to him. He wished he'd made a play for them then as he felt his dick stir.

What the fuck, he thought. Why not?

He pushed open the door to the ladies room and locked it behind him. She had finished peeing and was standing at the mirror putting on fresh lipstick. Rather than outrage, the first thing that popped through her head was the scene from Top Gun where Tom Cruise followed the female lead, she couldn't remember her name, into the bathroom after he'd struck out with her in the club. For that reason, she used the female lead's line and said, "Gee, sailor. You want to just drop down to the floor and do it right on the tile?"

Dr. Guerra must have seen that movie a few times too, because he patted the counter and responded with Tom Cruise's line, "No. I thought we'd give this counter top a try."

She smiled and put away her lipstick and said, "So what are you waiting for?"

He pulled her to him and mashed his lips against hers. She slipped her tongue into his mouth interlacing her tongue with his. As their mouths meshed together, he began to unbutton the top of her dress until he had it open down to her navel. She moaned as he broke their kiss and began to softly suck the side of her neck. While he switched his lips to the other side of her neck, his fingers found their way to the clasp in the front of her bra. As soon as he clipped it open, the bra sprang apart letting her tits fall free. 

His hands went immediately to her heavenly boobs, massaging and caressing them as he stopped sucking her neck just short of giving her a hickey. In fact he had given her a very light one, but it was nothing she wouldn't be able to cover with a little well placed make- up. His lips left her neck and kissed their way down to the tit he was cupping with both hands. She moaned again, only louder, when he took the nipple of that tit between his lips and began to suck. He sucked it for around a minute, and then he switched to the other nipple and sucked it for at least another minute. Releasing the nipple from his lips, he kissed the under side of her tit and softly sucked a slightly more prominent hickey unto her breast. 

She gasped as he gripped under her arms and sat her up onto the counter top. Pressing down with her hands, she lifted her hips, letting him slide her panties down her legs and off her feet. Tossing her panties to the side, he lifted her dress, opened her legs, and slowly traced the tip of his tongue along the outer lips of her pussy. She moaned and gasped louder as she squeezed her thighs tight around his head. He pushed them back open and dipped his tongue a little deeper into her pussy, working it in and out like it was a small dick. 

As she began to gasp, and try desperately to breathe, he traced another circle around the outer lips of her pussy and up to the blood engorged clit at the top that was now proudly extended out of its' fleshy protective hood of skin. Her moans grew more desperate and more intense as he wrapped his lips around her clit and slowly, at first, began to suck the source of her pleasure. As her moans grew even more intense, so did his sucks, until she was losing the fight to stay silent and screaming to the bathroom walls that she was cumming. 

While she was still in the middle of orgasm, Jake opened his slacks and dropped them to his knees, his six-inch cock jutting straight out from his body. He pressed the mushroomed head of his cock to the lips of her pussy and with only a little pressure felt her pussy suck him inside like it were a man that had stepped into quicksand. 

Her pussy engulfed his cock and she thrust her hips out sliding her ass along the surface of the counter top, meeting the momentum of his own thrusting hips. She gasped, moaned, and screamed as he brought her to another orgasm with his penis; and warmly held his face to her breasts as she felt the warm sensation of his semen oozing out of her pussy and dripping down her leg. 

She fell back against the mirror and he dropped to the floor as he withdrew from her and both collapsed, fighting for breath, in a near trance from the excessive pleasure. Repetitive banging on the door brought them both to awareness of their surroundings. Hurriedly buttoning her dress as Jake pulled up his pants and adjusted his belt, Sandy's eyes grew wide when she heard, over the sound of the knocks, a young girl saying, "Would whoever is in there, hurry the fuck up. I've got to pee."

She covered her mouth in horror as she looked at Jake and said, "Oh shit. That's my daughter out there."