 It was the holiday season, and my boyfriend and I were staying at his parents' house. We had been there a week and gone that entire time without having sex. Every part of my body ached to feel him, and I could tell by the way that he was looking at me that he longed for the same. It was then that I developed my plan…

We were helping his mom make dinner when I casually asked her if I could help her with any other chores. She thought about it for a moment, and said that she had been too busy to get her laundry done, and she said it would be wonderful if I could do that for her. This was too perfect! I gave my boyfriend a sly grin and said that I would need his help doing the wash since I didn't really know how she liked it done. He quickly caught on to my scheming and followed me down to the laundry room.

Once down the stairs, I pulled down his zipper, reached my hand into his pants, and grabbed hold of his already very hard dick. I led him by his cock into the laundry room and shut the door. He shoved me against the wall and tore off my shirt, my nipples were erect and ready under my bra as he slid his fingertips across them making me shiver. He kissed me hard on the mouth as he took off my bra. I rhythmically bucked my hips against his trying desperately to ease the throbbing in my clit. I started to take off his pants when he pulled away from me and said that he had an even better idea… 

He opened the washing machine and threw in all the clothes he could find. I was starting to get a bit offended thinking that he would rather do his mother's chores than have sex with me. He tossed in some soap, slammed down the lid, and turned the knob to "Heavy Load/Spin Cycle". He guided me over to the washer, picked me up, and sat me down on top of it. The machine was working hard and vibrating like crazy… the feeling was fucking incredible! 

While I was enjoying the pleasant vibrating sensation that was running up and down my body, he started to kiss my neck… down to my shoulders… cupping my breasts with his hands and taking one of my nipples into his mouth, and massaging it with his tongue. I was biting into his shoulder trying my best not to scream as my first orgasm came on. I felt my legs start to shake as sweat ran off of my skin. I dug my nails into his back and muffled my cries as best as I could.

While I was still recovering from that first incredible explosion, he lifted up my skirt up around my waist and parted my legs. He roughly ran his hands over my thighs and pulled me in closer to him. He moved my hand down to his throbbing dick, and I guided it to my pussy lips. He ran his cock over my slit, getting it nice and wet, and slowly pushed his head in, lightly pumping the tip in and out. It was pure torture, and he was loving the way it was making me wriggle around. He continued to tease me with his head, and then he violently grabbed my ass and thrust his cock into me hard and fast. It hurt so good… The mix of pleasure, pain and vibrating was too much for me and I came again. I could feel my pussy muscles tightening and contracting over his dick. He buried his face between my tits trying to keep the rest of the house from hearing his deep moans. He continued to pound into me until I felt his cock twitch and release.

We were both panting heavily, but I was still hungry for more… after all, I had gone an entire week without fucking. I jumped down off of the washing machine and pushed him back up against it. I kissed from his chest down to his happy trail, and ran my hands up the back of his legs and grabbed his ass. He was starting to get hard again when I took his dick into my warm mouth. I licked my juices off of his growing cock and I could taste the left overs of his cum. I noticed my mouth was vibrating a bit and realized that it was the vibrations of the washer passing through his body… then I started to think about how the inside of my cunt must have been vibrating for him, and I got so hot. 

I wrapped my lips tightly around his dick and pumped my mouth up and down the shaft. His knees started to go weak, but I kept going. I ran my nails up his inner thigh and grabbed hold of his balls, I tugged at them gently as I ran my mouth over his rod. His legs finally gave out and we both toppled down onto the floor. I straddled his calves and pushed my mouth back down onto his cock, I was determined to make him cum again. The muscles of his thighs tightened, and he began to breathe heavily. He ran his hands through my hair and pushed my mouth down further onto his dick. I could feel his head pushing deep down into the back of my throat. He let out a muffled scream and came hard. I swallowed as much as I could before pulling away and watching the rest spray onto my tits and his belly. 

My boyfriend sat up and licked some of his cum off of my chin. A little bell sounded in the background, he said, "Looks like the wash is done… its time to dry", and he looked at me with a big grin. 

I love doing the laundry.