 I sneak up behind you and place a few light kisses on the back of your neck, working my way around to lightly nibble on your right ear lobe... After I know I have your full attention, I wrap my arms around you tight and hold you closely against my chest...

My right arm moves from across your chest to caressing and cupping left breast, my hand enveloping the whole base of your soft flesh and my index finger tracing circles around your quickly hardening nipple... All the while my teeth are lightly nibbling on your ear lode and I'm whispering dirty dirty thoughts into your ear. With you pressed up against me and squirming in the delightful way you are I can't help it but start to feel my blood pumping down below my belt. 

With the combination of me hardening and holding you close. You feel my erection growing and you push yourself back against me. My now very stiff erection is wedged in the crack of your behind. My right hand is now full out massaging your left breast with my thumb and index finger rolling your nipple around while occasionally running a few quick circles around the hard nub...

You turn your head to the side and our lips meet in a hot and hungry kiss that grows hotter as it goes on. My tongue is reaching out and running along your upper and lower lips. I can feel your own tongue reaching out and start to twist around mine and it feels ohhh so nice...

My left arm which has up until now just held you close begins to drop, running my hand down along your middle and rubbing small circles across your stomach as it descends lower and lower 

So with our tongues dueling away and my right hand playing with your breast my left hand proceeds down to cup down between your legs, which I can feel a very warm moist patch through your clothing... As I wrap my fingers under I can feel you take in a sharp breath and gasp into my mouth a little letting me know that you're very ready for some heavier action, and soon. 

With both of us very in the mood now, you turn and face towards me while still in my arms. Our bodies crushed together tightly with me feeling your now rock hard nipples against my chest, along with my very obvious erection pressed up against your stomach we continue to kiss and moan into each others mouths. 

We step away from each other but only to start ripping clothes off of each other. I'm still not sure how but you managed to get my shirt off in under 2 seconds while I was still struggling with yours... you begin to run your hands up and down my firm stomach and up over my chest while I finally get your top off and reach around to undue your bra. 

Being both topless now we reach lower down for each others slacks. Being dressed in draw string track pants today your task is rather easy, you yank both my pants and boxers down to my knees and let them fall from there. Before you went down for the drop I managed to get your button undone and your zipper pulled down, so while you were down you pulled your bottoms down as well...

When you pulled my pants down you were faced with my hard cock springing out and the juices that were already flowing out are coating the underside of it and starting to drip a bit...

With my hard dripping erection just inches away from your face you slowly come closer and your tongue reaches out at the last instant to lightly touch the tip which makes me jerk and gasp and moan a plead asking you to do more.... "PLEASE...." However you shake your head and motion towards the couch behind me. I get the idea and we head for the couch while kissing and running our hands over each others now hot bodies. We are both beginning to show some signs of how turned are we are by small droplets of sweat beginning to form...

As we reach the couch you push me down onto it lengthwise on my back, then reach your leg over my head and settle down on me in a classic '69' position. With your very moist lips so close to me I can smell the sweet heavy smell drifting from you and it goes straight to my head and I find myself growing harder than ever before... As my hands reach up and grab your hips I can feel your hand wrapping around my hard shaft, we both let out a loud groan as your lips envelope my head and my tongue traces a path just inside you and along your entire slits length...

With the feeling of your mouth slowly lowering down and sucking me in, I begin sucking your engorged lips into my mouth. Sucking lightly, while sticking my tongue out. Tasting the juices that are now flowing freely from you. With your mouth now almost at the base of my cock I suddenly feel a hand lifting my balls and rolling them around. 

With you now deliciously sucking on the head of my cock and rolling my balls around, my tongue is setting a fast paced rhythm of deep penetrating pokes and full width licks over your rock hard clit. I can tell that with me moaning over the intense pleasure you're giving me the vibrations from my tongue are giving you little shocks of your own. 

My hands are now rubbing up and down your sides while my mouth and face are getting thoroughly soaked in your delicious juices. You are starting to pick up the pace at which you're going up and down on my cock, making me start to feel a definite build up in the balls you are so handily gripping

As I can feel myself beginning to boil over I motion for you to stop for a second so we may change positions. Giving you one last hard lick and a swirling suck you grudgingly get up. I sit up and you straddle my legs, placing your knees to the sides of mine. Gripping my now heavily coated, rock hard cock in your hand. You lower yourself down onto me with my hands on your hips guiding you down. However you stop with just the tip of myself inside you. I can feel the intense heat within you and beg for you to go down all the way, however you simply give me a wink and begin to tease me by rotating your hips around in circles and only moving up and down a quarter of an inch or so. Definitely not enough for me at this point. 

I reach up and begin to cup both of your breasts while making sure to run my palms over your hard nipples as often as possible, trying desperately to drive you over the edge so you can stop teasing me. I reach up and grab you behind your neck to drag you down for a kiss. Our lips meet and its definitely a kiss of abandon. At last you sink all the way down with a long drawn out moan, place your hands on my chest. With our tongues now wrapping around each other you begin to move up and down on me.

Together we're making noises into each others mouths, and our skin sliding provocatively together. I urge you to speed up a bit. You give a small grunt into my mouth and start to move yourself up and down more forcefully. I can now hear our bodies slapping against each other and combined with the sound of our heavy breathing, the slight squish of displaced juices I know I won't be able to last much longer. You begin to squeeze me with your muscles internally and I can tell you know I love it due to the loud moaning I'm directing into our kiss. 

As the pace is steadily rising, I begin to feel the starting of a mind blowing orgasm and pull away from your mouth to look into your eyes and tell you that it will be very soon... You give me a grin and crush your mouth back into mine and unbelievably pick up the pace even more. 

With both of us so close we are now clutching at each other and I can feel your hard nipples running up and down my chest as you pump yourself up and down. As I can start to feel the juices inside of me begin to boil up, I let you know by groaning a very deep and drawn out "I'm cummmming....."  With this my cock begins to jerk in sharp spasms. As you feel my cum leaping from me and spraying deep into you, you begin to groan loudly and clamp yourself down onto me as deep as you can go.

With both of us cumming together our tongues are forcefully gripping each others and we are now hugging each other together hard. When we both settle down a little, we are able to draw away slightly to give each other small light kisses. I can feel myself slowly shrinking and our combined juices running out of you and along my sac. We stay like this for several minutes, just looking into each others eyes when you suddenly get a surprised look on your face as you begin to feel me growing hard again...