 Laid there Lee couldn't believe what had happened over the last couple of hours or even last few weeks. Though they had talked about meeting it always seemed to be a tease at the time, something they both found a hot idea but a safe fantasy, or so they had thought.

Lee and Donna had been totally honest with each other from the beginning. They had met on an "Adult" dating site and had been chatting for a few weeks. Both were married, and both had been clear that they planned on staying this way, but had something missing from their lives. Sex, excitement and intimacy being the forefront of these.

For a variety of reason these things were missing from both of their relationships and both missed the closeness of another person's body and the excitement that only skin to skin contact provides.

Neither was really sure what it was that they wanted to get from the website but they had agreed it was not just random sex with strangers. They had talked about whether in fact either wants or even could cheat on their other halves. While the chats they had shared regularly strayed onto the topic of sex and what they both liked it was agreed to just go with the flow and see what happened.

Donna however was rapidly reaching a point where whilst the chats were exciting and fun she was not sure it was enough to sate her wanton desires. She had already pushed the boundaries and after thinking about the conversation she and Lee had had the night before she had found herself feeling quite turned on. 

Trying to ignore her feelings and get on with the chores around the house she had been avoiding all morning she found this harder and harder as her mind wondered. It wasn't long before she accepted that ignoring it was not an option. She could feel her soaked knickers clinging to her sex and every time she bent down or moved in a certain way the fabric pulled tighter against her pussy sending a shiver through her body.

Finally she decided a "rest" on the sofa was required. Sprawling out with her legs up she absently minded slipped a hand down the front of her trousers and into her panties. Her finger gently tracing the line of her wet slit.

Thinking about the last act of bravery when just the other day, without warning, she had sent Lee a picture of her bare boobs. She captured some of that excitement she was so desperately missing. She knew that other girls regularly shared far more explicit pictures but for her this was a big step.

One that she had not expected to leave her so turned on! After hitting send on the message, she had a major panic. What if he doesn't like them, what if I sent it to the wrong person...... After what seemed like hours but really was not long at all, a reply!

Lee had replied telling her how bad she was sending something that hot whilst he was at work and how it had made him instantly hard. 

He had later told her how that day he had been unable to take his eyes of the image of her tits and how he had stroked his hard cock as he thought about getting his hands on them in real life.

Remembering the way her mind and body had reacted to what he described an idea jumped into her head. Knowing that Lee would be sat at his desk she decided to see just how turned on she could get him at work.

With the idea formed in her head she had raced off to her bedroom, fishing under the bed for the locked "vanity" case that her husband actually thought was full of old makeup and she pulled out her favorite pink vibrator.

Terrified but excited beyond all belief she had sat on the comfy chair in front of her PC and as it booted she quickly removed her trousers and peeled the wet fabric away from her shaved crotch.

Turning the cam on she quickly set it recording, pointed straight at her beautiful pussy and with her legs spread it was not long before the pink toy was plunging in and out of her. Her lips glistened with juices as they gripped the toy. Before long her release exploded out of her, every moment and every sound caught on camera for someone else's enjoyment. 

Quickly before she had chance to think about what she was doing or chicken out she saved the video and attached to an email.

Lee had been puzzled about some information on the spreadsheet he was reviewing and deciding to take a break he absently looked at his phone. Seeing an emailed he wondered if Donna had emailed him a friendly "hiya" message as she often did. Opening the email he was confused at the one word message.

"Enjoy"

It was then he noticed the attachment. Not really thinking he clicked on the link not sure what it was but certainly did not expect the image that appeared. Donna's pussy suddenly filled his screen, a low moan of unmistakably pleasure filled his ears as the pink vibrator slide easily between her lips and deep into her pussy.

Panicked Lee quickly stabbed at the pause button. Looking around to check that nobody had heard or seen his heart raced. Just that 2 second image had made him rock hard. Desperate to watch and appreciate the video he had to wait all day until he got home to find some privacy where he had watched the video over and over until his own orgasm couldn't be avoided.

This had been last week and the chat between them had only got hotter and hotter. Lee had described to Donna exactly what he had been doing when he watched her video and how many times he had done so since receiving it. He had told her that whilst watching it he imagined that she was there with him and how it was like they were both masturbating together, watching each other as they both slowly pleasured themselves until they would both come together. This idea of mutual masturbation quickly formed into a favorite fantasy for them both.

Teasing each other, both had expressed the opinion that it wasn't wrong if they didn't touch each other, after all getting yourself off was hardly cheating was it!

Little did either of them know that this was about to be put to the test.

Following a frustrated Monday morning where nothing had seemed to go right at work Lee had decided to visit the site where the problems were. It was only a 45 minute drive from home but as he was going to be needed there for a couple of days he decided to stop over and save a ridiculously early morning on the second day.

The fact the hotel he was stopping at was only a 15 minute drive from Donna's hadn't really occurred to him. It was only when Donna joked about popping in to see him that he gave it any thought.

Tuesday past in a whirl of problem solving and stress and Lee was glad when the day was over. He had swapped a number of emails with Donna throughout the day. Donna had been in a dull mood all day, her home situation had been really getting her down.

"All I want is a cuddle" she had exclaimed in frustration "I miss being kissed as well" she had also moaned.

Understanding how she felt Lee had been genuine in his sympathy when he had told her that any time she wanted a cuddle she only had to ask. He was quite willing to offer her a shoulder and while the thought of being close to her was appealing he knew he would never push things further than either of them was ready for.

You know where to find me if you want some company he had emailed her. They had talked about this throughout the day. The key question being how far a cuddle and a kiss could go before its proper cheating?

Later that evening Lee had laid on his bed deciding if he was really that bored that watching the soaps was really an option. 

After hearing his phone vibrate and reading the email he was frozen to the spot! It was decision time.

Reading the email from Donna again he stayed glued to the spot.....

"I am scared witless and can't believe I am sat in your hotel bar! I have a strong drink to calm my nerves and there is a cold beer with your name on it. I really do need that cuddle!!! If you really meant it then come and join me. If not then I understand. I'll give it 15 minutes and get off if you don't show" she had text!

Lee was nervous but would never have left his friend sat down stairs alone. Grabbing his room key and wallet he headed out the door.

Walking into the quite bar Lee saw Donna sat in the corner nervously watching the door. Across the room they smiled at each other as he walked over to her.

Donna stood to greet him and a very civilized and friendly kiss on the cheek followed. Sitting down there was a moments silence as neither really knew what to say.

"So, come here often?" Joked Lee as his nerves made him say the first daft thing that popped into his head.

"No, but I'm hoping to cum here really soon" Donna quipped back totally dead pan.

It took him a second to catch onto the innuendo, as the smile broke on his face the mood broke and both broke into a laugh. From that point the conversation flowed freely and the two just chatted enjoying getting to know each a little more in the flesh.

The two of them relaxed in each other's company and soon their glass were drained.

"Another?" Asked Lee

Shaking her head Donna shook her head "I think I'm ready for that cuddle now" she said softly.

Sliding around the bench seat Lee moved closer to her, reaching his arms out towards her he put them around her pulling her closer. Responding Donna mimicked his actions and the gap between them disappeared. Their bodies connecting they could feel the warmth from each other as they both pushed against the other. The feel of Donna's ample chest being squashed between them feeling both intimate and nice.

Pulling back a little Donna looked into Lee's eyes, leaning forward she moved her lips to his. Kissing him once very lightly as bolt of electricity raced through him.

"Hmm that was nice" smiled Donna "Do you think maybe we should go somewhere a little more private?"

The moment had been reached. They had talked about this a lot. Both teasing each other about all the deprived and naughty things they were going to do one day but neither really knew whether this was fantasy being teased or whether they would actually do it.

Both had spouses at home and neither had ever done anything that could be classed as cheating. Only now the time came would they really answer the question. Lee knew that Donna had issues about this but also that she was being truthfully when she said about wanting to be held close, to feel another person's skin against hers again and to be made to feel sexy and wanted again. But was she ready for this?

"OK" he replied "but so we are both comfortable and sure, what is it we are doing here?" He asked wanting Donna to feel comfortable and lay out the rules.

"Well we are two friends having a kiss and a cuddle. A very intimate cuddle without our clothes! But we keep out underwear on. Any body to body contact during the cuddle is very welcome and wandering hands must stay out of underwear and will be warned if they get to familiar. Kissing is compulsory but I'm not ready for sex and no penetration!" She replied with a kind of apologetic smile on her face.

Happy that he understood and that Donna was not feeling pressured he took her hand, pulling her up they walked across the bar towards the lift still hand in hand.

As they approached the door to his room Lee could feel the squeeze of Donna's grip Donna on his hand tighten.

"You OK?" He asked as they entered the room.

She looked almost terrified, but then Lee was feeling pretty much the same.

"Oh fuck it" she gasped "Last one in beds a loser" she chanted as, in a second, she jumped into action. Grabbing at her top she pulled it over her head charging for the large double bed in the middle of the room. In a flash she had her jeans off and dived under the covers.

Recognising this as exaggerated shyness and nervousness Lee followed suit in a more leisurely manner. Knowing Donna was watching he walked towards the bed as he stripped down to his boxers.

Climbing into the bed he proclaimed himself the loser! All the while thinking that he certainly could live with losing in this game.

The two of them lay facing each other not sure what to say or do. Taking the initiative Lee lean in closer and softly kissed her on the lips. Just gently brushing their lips together. Reaching his arm out he laid it across her.

Responding to the touch of unfamiliar skin touching her Donna shuffled closer across the bed towards her. Lifting her shoulders up Lee slid his arm under Donna's neck and wrapped his arms fully around and pulled her towards him. Any space between them disappeared as the full length of their bodies connected. Skin against skin, thin underwear against thin underwear.

A bolt of electricity surged through the pair of them as the intimacy and closeness that both so sorely missed retreated to a faint memory.

It was clear to them both that there was no lack of excitement or lust in the moment even though both were playing the "It's just an innocent cuddle" card!!

Donna could feel the swell of Lee's erection pushing against her panties and tummy, her nipples no less hard as they pressed against his chest.

Their lips meeting with more force and passion as their mouths opened letting each other's tongues meet and explore each other's mouths.

Lee ran his free hand up and down Donna's back stopping each time he reached the top of her knickers, wanting to keep going and run his hands across her bum but not yet brave enough to push his luck.

As he roamed his hand upwards across her back his hand caught on her bra strap.

"Undo it" Donna breathless sighed "I want to feel your chest against my tits" 

Not wasting a second he snapped the clasp free. Sliding her top arm back through the strap Donna soon wriggled out of the restricting item of clothing. Sinking back into the embrace the closeness felt like a whole different level as she felt her chest squashing against Lee and the hardness of her nipples now so much more prominent with nothing to shield them as they dug into him in such a pleasurable way.

Neither of them said anything, both just laid in the moment enjoying the contact, the heat of each other and a stranger's touch.

The kissing grew more intense and hands now roamed freely across each other, exploring each other's backs, sides and stroking down each other's legs. As Lee's hand travelled back up her thigh and he felt the swell of Donna's bum his hand followed the contour of her arse. The bare skin of her arse not protected by the thin strap of her thong that lay wedged between her cheeks. Revelling in the feel of her soft firm bum he gently squeezed her cheek, the tips of his fingers digging slightly into the warm valley between her full buttocks.

Clenching her muscles in momentary realisation of the barrier being crossed Donna gasped breathlessly trapping his fingers in place.

"Naughty boy" she scolded but rather than making any effort to remove his hand she ground herself towards him. Mashing their sexes together a slow grind started. Using the hand placed against her bare arse Lee pulled her tightly against him.

Laid staring into each other's eyes the kissing now ceased. Breathing deeply into each other's mouths as they each tried to melt their own bodies into the other. The skin to skin contact both were so desperately for more than made up for with their bodies welded together and with every possible bit of bare skin touching the others.

The only point of contact where naked flesh was not touching was where both their sexes were pushed together, even so through the two thin layers of the material of their underwear Lee could feel the heat and excitement of Donna as the juices seeping from her soaked through both sets of material leaving his dick almost as wet as her.

To Donna Lee's cock felt so hard as it pushed against her pussy that was so wet and puffy. As she pushed hard against him she could feel his rod part her lips pushing her knickers just inside her as her lips tried to wrap them self around his shaft and her clit ground against his hardness. She know that had they started off naked and without the barrier of her panties that by now his hard cock would have slipped straight up inside her wet pussy and she would have been powerless to stop or refuse him as her body felt as though it was almost demanding what she already so nearly getting.

Unconvinced she could trust herself as her mind rapidly tormented her to jerk his shorts down, peel her panties to the side and just let her pussy suck his hard cock into her which in a mind of its own it seemed desperately trying to do regardless of their underwear Donna pulled away from Lee a little.

Turning over and presenting her back to Lee she asked "Just hold me" 

Happy to please he laid his arm back over Donna's side and shuffled in closer. His hand laid on her tummy moving lazily in circles stroking her skin. In order to hold her tightly he wrapped the arm still laid under Donna's neck upwards and around her. Not intentional his hand laid naturally to rest right on top of Donna's left tit. Although unsure as his hand made contact, he was not able to resist a gentle squeeze of the warm soft flesh. Not sure of the reaction this was going to get as he felt the weight of her boob and her hard nipple digging into his palm he was relieved to hear a slight sigh as no resistance was given.

Embolden Lee gently teased her nipple, softly run his fingers around the aureole and firmly groped the beautiful warm orb his hands had found.

Enjoying the touch of the first person other than her husband, although rarely from him, playing with her tits Donna soon could feel the fire returning between her legs. Pushing backwards into Lee she ground her bum into his crotch. His cock feeling as hard as it did she was really enjoying the intimacy they were sharing and the feel of him rubbing against her. Donna was momentarily disappointed to feel Lee's wondering hand leave her stomach as he pulled away from her and shuffled a bit.

Almost immediately she felt him moving back towards her. As his naked skin made contact with hers again she realised straight away it felt different. 

"I still have them on" he whispered in her ear 

Donna understood what the shuffling was about as she felt the heat of his naked hard cock make contact with her arse. Lee had slipped his erection through the hole in his boxers freeing it from its confinement.

Still soaked from grind against Donna's pantie covered pussy Lee's cock slipped easily between her bum cheeks, joining the almost nonexistent strand of fabric of Donna's thong. Sliding comfortably deep between her naked butt cheeks his bare cock rubbed against her in a way no one else had ever done.

Smiling to herself Donna just pushed even harder against him as she thought to herself, well I did want intimacy and you can't get much more intimate than that.

Lee having not met any objection in any of the moves he had made as he had pushed the boundaries decided to see how much further he could take this. Widening the circles of his free roaming hand from her tummy he slid it downwards. After more years than he could possibly remember he suddenly found his hand cupping a new pussy that wasn't his wife's. 

Though still covered by her panties, which by this time seemed to have been half sucked inside Donna's pussy, he could feel her bare shaved vulva and a heat that almost felt like it might burn him. Only a bunched up, soaked tangle of material stopped his fingers feeling her soaking wet slit.

Feeling his hand cup her pussy nearly sent Donna through the roof, as he used his new hand position to pull her hard against him she couldn't help but moan. Being pulled into his body so tightly forced his hard cock even further between her bum if this was possible. This new sensation of having the most private parts of her arse rubbed and stroked was one she was fast becoming a fan of.

As Lee felt Donna's hand move in the direction of her pussy, and his hand, he thought he was about to get his wrist slapped. Instead he felt Donna smoothly slide her hand underneath his as she dipped it into her knickers. He could feel her four fingers directly beneath his when suddenly the two middle ones seemed to disappear. As Donna let out another moan he knew she had pushed the two missing fingers inside herself and he nearly came on the spot.
