 I saw her on Greenland Ave. Not too many cars were passing by. I was about 50 yards away. She heard me pull up behind her. didn't stop, but slowed to a pace that allowed me to keep level and move along slowly. Her legs were nude, encased in standard fuck-me silver sandals with Eiffel heels. She had on a denim skirt just below the crotch and a silver tank top.

I was doing the regular loop crawl. I was a bit tired of my regular concubine. I had picked her up at a Save-mart on the South side two months ago. She was loitering on the side of the cash register and asked me if I had a cigarette. I instantly understood her need and told her I'd buy her a carton if she'd come back with me. She followed me like a sick puppy. 

I fucked her like crazy that night - she was not very passive, surprisingly enough. She was in her 30s and had pale breasts, scars on her legs and no needle marks. She had a way of shivering and then squealing when I would rub her nipples that made me hard thrice that night.

I had told her that she could stay with me if she would not fuck around or steal anything. I would give her food and drink. In return, I would buy her clothes and small knickknacks, and give her a place to stay. I would fuck her when I wanted, of course, but she didn't seem to care much about that part of the deal.

Sometimes I think I'm getting used to her and things are getting boring. Then all of a sudden she does something and I must compulsively have sex with her. The other day she wore these large silver earings. So I just had to get head from her while she wore them. Then one day she was walking around with just a towel on. I laid her on the bed and nailed her. Another day she was doing dishes. So I ended up doing anal on her against the kitchen counter. One morning she was wearing high heels and a skirt. I just walked up to her and bent her over the table, hike the dress over her head, unloaded inside her and sent her on her way. Sometimes these vitamain Vs will last up to almost a day. And when you are excited the blood starts to flow. I wonder what she is thinking? Sometimes I'm by myself and I start thinking about sex. It builds up all day until she comes home. I have her on her knees in front of me sucking me off before dinner. I thought I would get tired of her and send her away. But she is addictive and I haven't gotten enough of her yet.

well, here I was on the loop. I'd seen a few 4s, maybe a couple of 6s, but nothing that made me slam on my brakes or make a quick u-turn, furtively looking around for LE activity. Every city has a loop, some have more than one. They are normally in redistricted zones or areas where you would drive through to your everyday lives, but a little faster. The loop in our city runs from Greenland to Independence, with a slight detour around Park Rd, where the old chemical factory sprawls. 

I had seen a good possibility close to the Neon Bar. I had slammed on the brakes, trying to get around the block ASAP, but got cut off at the pass by a blue Camaro. I decided not to chance a block spin with this one, who I'd rate at a 8, possibly a 9 on later reflection. I pulled up by her, not idling, just moving along at a pace that made it possible to stop in a second, and still let me pull away if this was an LE sting. Didn't feel that way, but a hobbyist can never be too sure.

She leaned down and smiled at me. "Hey good-looking, you want something?"

I didn't answer, but came to a halt and popped the door. She slid in with barely a breath wasted, closing the door as she did. I swung away from the kerb and looked in my mirror, not seeing any suspicious cars. Only then did I turn to her

"What you got to give? How about giving me a glance at those titties there?" I leered, stroking her thigh.

She flipped her top up in a practised motion, affording me a glance at her titties. They were large, but not sagging, with dark brown nipples. She dropped her cigarette in the ashtray and asked me, "So what will it be? And what've you got for me?"

I offered a portrait of ex-prez Jackson. She insisted that Lincoln and Jackson would make better running mates. I told her that nobody remembered Jackson's VP anyway. She informed me she never leaves any evidence anywhere... and she was true to her word. She got the running mates, and freshened up her spit while she took them.

We pulled into a parking lot by the factory. There were no cars around - the hobbyists were either elsewhere, or done for the night. Either way, we had the field to ourselves, and I intended to get my money's worth. 

I have never had a better DT BBBJ, and the fuck that followed for a chance at a re-election bid for Jackson blew me away in more ways than one. I got a 1st rate hummer from her and remembered grabbing her ass during the hum-along, and thinking, damn, I'd sure like to tap that. 

She went down on me after I pulled my slacks down and she took her top off. I was wearing boxers that slid down easily. Her mouth engulfed my dick, stretching the skin as she did so. She had a filling on her front teeth, but nothing that I could feel too much. Her motion was steady, taking a break rarely, and quite some saliva flowed to make it feel like I was in some kind of smoothie machine. She pulled my hands to her tits, and damn, did she have a firm rack. I played around with her nipples for sometime, and then went back to the reacharound and started to grab on her ass. Just as I was starting to think about negotiating a full service job, she went into jackhammer overdrive, and made me forget sweet mother-of-Jesus, moaning like a cat. Damn, I shot my load and pulled her mouth right over my balls. She took it all in, not flinching a bit. I played with her tits for a while, and she mentioned she'd give me another shot if I could take it, for a Jackson. In fact, she was so turned on that she would make it a FS job for the same amount.

Bam, that took it up a few notches! A brief breather, while she smoked another cigarette or two and stared into the distance. It was a good summer night, and I was all jazzed up, jacked in, jiving on. I indicated my readiness by running my hand up her skirt and feeling her crotch that was plenty wet. She pulled off her leopardskin panties and threw them in my face. I quickly reclined her seat and got on top, banging away at that sweet snatch. She gripped my back with her legs, bucking and moaning like something wild and restless. Then I pulled out, threw her over the shaft, and did her doggie style. She shuddered,and came - not the first I've seen since I started as a hobbyist 7 years ago. The women don't like to talk about it, but they aren't in it just for the money. Some of them love be fripped and frapped, while others take only a little prodding to switch into a mode they would rather not expose to a stranger. They all come up with ways to mask it, and after a while, the simulated merges with the real, until even they don't know which is which. 

I pulled out after a second orgasm, and let her clean up while I caught my breath. She pulled up her panties, snapped her top back into place and looked at her face in the mirror, touching up her lipstick. I pulled up my boxers and slacks, and handed her the extra cash, throwing in another Lincoln so the running mates did not have to break their company. 

I drove a few blocks before dropping her at the corner of Lydia and 9th. Then it was back to the house and my darling concubine. I didn't think I'd have the energy to show her some loving tonight, but who knew. Maybe she'd be happy with a Jackson in the morning to buy some goodies.