 Everyone, if asked, would have agreed that the party was going swimmingly, as a pool party should. The thirty or so guests were merrily splashing and cavorting, well-lubricated by the liveried bartender, when Chrissy noticed an odd, yet all-too-familiar sloshing in her right ear. She'd had a persistent ear infection the year before, and the memory of it brought her swimming-pool antics to a sudden halt.

Chrissy decided to put her "little shift" back on and just lounge around, pool-side, for the rest of the evening. She cleared her inner ear as best she could, the way her Husband Roger, a Navy submariner, had told her and, taking her sun-dress to a vacant upstairs bedroom, began to doff her suit, laying it on a towel she'd found in the adjacent bath and set on the bed. Just then she heard an almost-inaudible creak and turned to see Bobby, the host, holding an upright finger in front of a widening smile as he opened the door fully, then swung it shut behind him. As she was reaching for her bikini-top to conceal her nakedness, Bobby stepped quickly behind her and embraced her, lifting and very gently squeezing her breasts as he nuzzled her neck, licking a spiral down to her shoulder. He pressed Chrissy face-down on the side of the bed and kneeled behind her, then licked her slit, bottom to top, absently tasting the chlorine from the pool. Parting her with his now-sharpened tongue, he socketed his nose in the smooth ring of her entrance and began lightly to slather her clitoris, by now emerging with curiosity and desire, from its sheath at the front of her vulva. A gasp emerged unbidden from her throat as he flicked her clit three times quickly, just the way she liked it.

Bobby rose up quickly, and she reflexively looked over her shoulder to see why he'd stopped. Chrissy heard the rasp of fingernails on fabric and and the muffled plop of his swim-suit hitting the floor, and turned farther to see him standing behind her, his smile replaced by a fixed look. He flexed his knees to equalize their height and, poising his throbbing, rampant cock at her lower lips, spread them with his fingers as he eased into her slowly, taking little half-inch thrusts, each penetrating her a tiny bit more, until he was wholly inside her.

Reaching under her chest, Bobby slid his hands along the coverlet and cupped Chrissy's breasts, by now swelling with undisguised desire, as he began an easy rhythm, not wanting at all to hurry the pleasure he found within her.

"Ooh!" Chrissy exclaimed as his strokes gradually became a little bit longer, a little bit faster. She noticed that he was, with each delicious thrust, pushing her across the bed. She raised her bottom to accept more of him and tried to brake her slide with her knees, but to no avail. She sensed his weight upon her increase and knew, without thinking of it, that Bobby's feet were now off the floor. And then, before she could even wish to stop her progress across the bed, she felt her shoulders and breasts come off the other side!

Chrissy reached her hands down to the carpet to support herself as more and more of her slipped off the side of the bed. Bobby was now lying full-length atop her, still plowing her welcoming furrow, entirely absorbed in how rapturous it felt. All of a sudden, her body was entirely clear of the bed, and, try as she might, she could not support the total weight of both of them with her legs.

Sagging beneath his driving mass, Chrissy let her knees fall to the floor, subconsciously smiling through her passion at the contortion Bobby was forced to perform to remain inside her, pleased that he felt it that important. Once again she felt him, now powering into her ever harder, begin to drive her across the floor. She reached out for a Chinese planter which suddenly appeared in her way, steering them toward it. Bobby's thrusts were automaton-like at this point, and both knew the moment of inevitability was at hand and welcomed it with untempered desire.

Chrissy's head was up against the planter by now, being slammed into it with each powerful stroke. She absently thought she must be losing an I.Q. point with each thrust, but God, it felt SO good!

She felt him begin to shudder and knew he was just about THERE. Lifting her buttocks as high as she possibly could, she clamped her vaginal muscles hard around him and cried, under her breath, "Oh, GOD, Bobby, pump me FULL!"

Bobby lay full length on top of Chrissy as his warm come boiled out of his balls, coursed up his quivering cock and squirted through her cervix, washing her womb with several powerful jets. He rained frenetic kisses over her neck and shoulders, keeping his cock pressed tightly into her as their juices flowed together.

Gradually, they felt their fevered breaths return to normal. Bobby withdrew his softening cock and, reaching back to the bed, located the towel and very gently cleaned her. Chrissy raised herself on one elbow and licked their commingled fluids from the head of his now-flaccid cock, then kissed it lightly and winked.

"Not... one... word!" Bobby whispered to Chrissy, fearful that his wife, Arlene, would learn of their tryst. She reached out to take her sun-dress and winked conspiratorily.

Later on, the party was showing signs of winding down. Chrissy was shmoozing with Denise and Gloria, two close friends, while Bobby was drying glasses on the other side of the kitchen portal. He heard her say to them, in a whisper, "My God, he fucked me clean across the room!" He gave her a tight, resigned little smile and returned her wink from an hour or so earlier. So much for 'not one word', he thought wryly...