 I pick up the green bottle of bath and body wash that J indicated he used normally, opened it and breathed in deeply. It smelled wonderful, masculine, and like J. I squeezed a little out onto a second wet washcloth and rubbed it in with my hands until I had a light sudsy foam going. I took another deep breath, let it out slowly, and turned to face him. His eyes had drifted shut again and I spoke to let him know I was about to touch his body so he wouldn't be startled. "J, I'm going to soap you up now." From the corner of my eye, I saw the edge of his mouth twitch, like he was holding back a smile. I leaned over and began to lightly circle his shoulders and pecs with the soapy cloth. I traced the muscles along his arm, lifted each one and ran the cloth over his palm and back up under his arm, making sure I got his armpit clean, before I returned to my circular motion on his chest. I knew the cloth was slippery from the soap, but also slightly rough and I used that texture to tease his nipples until they were hardened and erect. I continued my slow circles down lower over his abdomen and hip bones, again watching his skin twitch when I touched a particularly ticklish spot. I quickly drew the cloth down his legs and over his feet, cleaning between each toe, before I moved back up his body to the area that was the center of my focus.

I ran the washcloth between his legs, unhurriedly gliding my fingers over his inner thighs and over his testicles. I circled the cloth around and around his sac, watching the skin tighten and draw up as the water cooled the area. I drew my hand up and over his cock, again making a circle from my fingers and thumb, and lightly squeezing as I pulled upward. I heard Jay catch his breath and I thought I felt a slight jump in my hand so I pushed my fingers and the soapy washcloth back down. That time I definitely felt something moving in my palm and when I pulled the soft, slick washcloth back up his cock, I gave the head of his penis a soft little twist under the fabric. He was slowly growing erect under my ministrations and even though I knew perfectly well he was clean and that continuing to wipe would only exacerbate the situation, it was as if I had no control over my own actions. He was built in such a way that I had never seen anyone quite so well endowed and I desperately wanted to see what he looked like erect and ready for hot, passionate sex. I continued to move my hand with the soapy washcloth up and down his cock, occasionally swirling it around his balls and back up around until after a few moments I was treated to the most delicious site of a healthy, aroused man in all his glory. 

He was so large, he took my breath away. I had never seen such a beautiful sight as this man, stimulated because of my actions. I wanted to feel his bulk inside me, wanted to taste his skin, wanted to ride him to full pleasure. I slowly looked up, directly into his eyes. His smile was gone and he looked at me quite seriously, as if asking me a question. We looked at each other like that for a few heartbeats until finally, my eyes never leaving his, I put the washcloth down and touched him with my bare hand. It was as if that were a signal to him and he reared up and grabbed me by the shoulders. He pulled me close and pressed his lips against mine, wrapping his arms around my body. My hand tightened around his cock and he gave a little gasp before deepening our kiss. His tongue pressed against the seam of my lips and I opened my mouth to let him in. He fell backward on the bed, tumbling me on top of him, never breaking our kiss.

My nipples were hard in my bra, my panties were damp and I was a woman ready to be fucked. I felt his hands tugging at my scrub top and I broke the kiss to lean up and rip the top up over my head and off my arms, but quickly pressed my body back against him to reach his mouth for more kissing. He reached around me and unfastened my bra but since I was lying against him, he wasn't able to pull it off my body. He pulled away and whispered for me to sit up. I held the cups of the bra to my breasts as I straddled his body. The straps slid down my arms and I slid them past my elbows and off, all without letting go of the front of my bra. He pulled his eyes from my cleavage, looked me in the eyes and put his hands on top of mine. He gently tugged my hands from my body and when my bra fell away from my body, revealing my naked breasts and pert pink nipples, I felt his cock jump from under my body. He pushed my hands to my sides and reverently reached up to gently cup one breast in each hand, brushing his thumbs over my turgid nipples, making me gasp.

I leaned down and kissed the spot where his neck met his shoulder and couldn't resist taking a gentle bite. I slowly worked my mouth down his chest and to his nipples. My tongue found the little button and I licked and sucked and nibbled at one and then the other for a while, occasionally blowing cold air and watching his nipples tighten in response, before softening them again in my warm mouth. I slowly pulled my breasts from his hands as I slid further down his body, kissing and licking my way down his stomach to his hips. I inhaled deeply and smelled that unique and wonderful scent of aroused male, only inches from my eager mouth...

To be continued...