 Feeling the weight of my situation, I was at my lowest. With both legs and arms broken, I was a mess. I lay in my hospital bed waiting for the test results to come back, which I was both dreading and hoping. If I was lucky, I could return to football once I healed. If I was unlucky, I may never play again.

I had never faced this kind of disappointment before. I was devastated. I was at the peak of my game, and the car crash ruined everything. How quickly things can be taken away from you was the biggest eye opener of my life.

Almost at the point of falling into a full blown depression, I heard the words, "Pete. Time for your sponge bath."

I looked over perplexed, and saw a pair of legs in blue hospital scrubs. I lifted my head, about to ask, "What are you talking about," when I laid my eyes on the hottest nurse I'd ever seen. Her shining eyes, nervously beamed at me. Her brown hair was playfully tied behind her head, and her baggy clothes tried to hide her sexy figure, but failed.

In all she seemed as surprised as I was. I had never seen a nurse I would consider hot, and at this moment I dared to dream my day was on the up and up.

"What?" I asked.

"I'm Sandy, I have to take you for your sponge bath. We wouldn't want you to get dirty."

"Uh, okay." There was something totally sexy the way she said dirty, and avoided eye contact, though that could have been my imagination.

Looking like she was trying to change the subject, she quickly went to work lifting the bed rails in place and pulled me out of my room, down the hall, up the elevator and into the bathing room.

With much shuffling and sliding, Sandy helped me off my bed and onto what I nicknamed the cookie sheet. It was a metal bed, basically, but with a lip around the edge, like a baking pan. The thing was covered in a plastic sheet, and eventually me.

"Are you comfortable?"

"Yeah, I guess."

Sandy turned and began closing the dividers so that we'd have privacy. It was very intimate, and I couldn't help but imagine where this could go. Based on how nervous she looked, I tried not to let my mind get carried away.

When she turned back, she again avoided eye contact, and filled a large basin with hot, soapy water. Dropping a sponge into the mix, she was ready, and there was one thing left to do.

At this moment she paused, still looking down.

Suddenly her eyes lifted to mine and she asked, "Can you turn over please?"

I did as asked and felt her fingers expertly pull the ties on my gown.

"Lay down."

Once settled, she was back to averting her gaze, as she pulled the gown off, exposing my ripped body to her. I was a bit disappointed, I must admit. Here I was laying there, naked, and she didn't even look at me.

She soaked a large sponge and began to wash my feet, keeping her eyes glued to the job at hand.

Having spent the last two days in hospital dreading my future, having a hot nurse washing my feet, knowing that she was headed for more intimate regions got me hotter than than if she had asked me if I wanted to fuck!

I felt lust pour into my groin. I wanted to, needed to feel something good.

"Is this your first sponge bath?" I asked.

"Me? No, I've given them lots of times. Just mostly old men, never someone so..."

Her voice trailed off, and then her eyes looked up at mine with a smile that said she found me attractive. When she'd realized she had taken her eyes away from my feet, the smile dropped along with her eyes. But then she realized her gaze had rested on my rising cock. She seemed taken aback.

So she had done this before. But never on someone... So young? So big? I had to know.

"How long have you been a nurse?"

"About a year now."

"Good work?"

"It has it's ups and downs."

I laughed, and once she got the joke, even she couldn't suppress a giggle.

We continued with small talk as she worked, washing the parts that showed. To my disappointment, she skipped my swollen rod.

"Sorry about this," I said, gesturing to my dick as it bounced to the beat of my heart.

"It's okay, it always happens," she said without looking.

She worked her way up my arms, and all I could think about was that it was going to lead to my chest and south. My raging cock felt like it was straining itself to get closer to her hands.

Her brow furrowed. "Are you okay?"

"Yes!" I lied. I was dying to get her hands on my cock. Even if it was just the sponge.

"Are you sure, you seem anxious about something?"

I looked, and this time it was my turn to be surprised. She had a smirk on her face. By God, she knew I was dying here! I don't know when she got over her nervousness, but once she did, she got into the swing of it.

My arms were done, and she started to move down my chest. I nearly groaned every time she stopped to re-soak the sponge.

My mind was in a spin. It felt like she had been working from the outside in, and was pushing all my lust into a central point, my cock, and it was ready to blow. Semen began to pour in rivers out of the bell end of my meat.

Noticing this, she said, "Maybe we should stop. If you blow, I could lose my job if people were to think I did that."

I never heard more cruel words in my life.

"It's okay, I can handle it!" I pleaded. "Don't stop."

Reluctantly, she continued, this time her eyes strayed to my cock, and didn't leave.

I couldn't tell if she was being wary, or lustful. A bag of bricks could tell which I was hoping for.

The sponge finally reached my abdomen and worked around my groin, as if she were circling in for the kill. With every beat of my heart, my dripping penis lunged at her.

She stopped, holding the sponge still on my lower abdomen, just below my cock. The head of it strained itself trying to bend over and touch her wet, soapy hands.

"Were gonna have to be fast. That thing looks like it's gonna blow any second!"

I couldn't tell if there was any reluctance in her tone.

I groaned loudly as her hand leapt the sponge onto my cock. He hand was a blur trying to get me cleaned in seconds. Too fast. It was actually hurting a bit, which stopped me from blowing right then and there. She took that to mean I was closer than she thought and sped up.

And that's when it happened.

Moving so fast, the sponge slipped from her wet hands, and it bounced off my abs, and onto the side of the cookie sheet. Her hands were still going for a second before she realized the sponge was gone, leaving her hand to slide up and down my bare cock.

We both froze.

She gripped my engorged cock lightly, like a feather.

"Oh God!" I pleaded.

She stared at my cock hungrily.

I humped my hips a few times, getting my cock sliding up and down. That seemed to get her going, and she began to pump her hand up and down my rod.

"I can't believe I'm doing this!"

"God! Thank you! This is the best thing to happen to me all week!"

Her hand picked up it's pace. Reaching over, she grabbed the sponge, soaked it and squeezed it over my reddening dick, keeping it slippery and wet.

Lolling about, I was at her mercy. If she asked me to do anything, I would do it. I was so close to cuming that I couldn't focus on anything else.

My balls tightened up, ready to scream. My groin began to hum, and I honestly saw my dick swell up another two inches.

"Oh shit, I'm gonna blow!!!"

That seemed to shock her, and reality seemed to set in. She looked about frantically, trying to decide if she was going to go through with this.

Frankly I'd rather go through the car crash again, than have her stop her expert hand-job at that moment.

"Dont' stop! Don't stop! Don't stop!" I kept chanting.

Her hand twisted it's way up the length of my cock.

Suddenly we heard footsteps coming down the hall.

With only seconds left, her palm glided over the meaty head of my dick.

Sandy's eyes bugged out once she realized we were going to have company. If she didn't stop, there would be no way of hiding the mess in time.

More soapy water poured over my meat.

I kept chanting.

"Shut up!" she said.

Her fingers gripped the veiny shaft.

I mouthed the words.

Her fist pounded into my abdomen with every thrust.

The footsteps grew closer.

With a burst of inspiration, she leaned over me, and doused my cock with clean water. My thrusting was urgent, and my breathing came in gasps.

I felt lava rising up my shaft.

Before I realized what she was going to do, she slipped the head of my rod into her mouth just as my cum spewed forth. Twisting and pulling with her hands, she pumped my flowing sperm to the only place both of us knew it could go unnoticed.

She swallowed quickly and eagerly.

It felt like my life was pouring into her, and she was taking it, all of it. I was hers.

When I first saw her, I took her as a nervous girl, but she was much more cool than I gave her credit for. I think she was just nervous, because she didn't know if she could get away with what she wanted to do to me, once she saw me.

As I lay there gasping, as she sucked the last drops of cum from my cock, the footsteps entered the room. Sandy quickly squeezed a sponge-full of water over my dick, just as a voice said, "Sandy? Is it safe to come in?"

"Yup," she said cooly, after a quick swallow.

Another nurse came in to survey the scene without a clue of what just finished.

Sandy, without a blink, began drying me off. With that done, the two nurses helped me get my gown back on.

"Sorry I was late to help you out," said the nurse.

"Oh, not to worry, I had everything under control."

"You better not have," I heard the lady whisper, as she eyed the shrinking tent under the gown.

They both laughed

Sandy gave me a look that said, "Don't you say a word."

I was due to stay at the hospital for at least a few more days. I kept my damn mouth shut!