  Chapter 18 – A Boring Evening

The next morning I was up early. I gingerly got out of bed, careful not to disturb Mindy. She was still fast asleep and looking like an angel. I was quite pleased with myself in that moment as I stared down at her. I had been completely honest with her, answered all her questions and was nothing short of everything she needed last night. Either I was really good at this game or I was a complete fraud. I hoped I was good at the game, I feared that I was indeed the fraud. Only time would prove which was actually the case.

I pondered that thought very heavily as I headed downstairs, my cloths in a pile in arms. I made a pot of coffee and sat at the dining room table. As I dressed, I sent Brooke a quick text message to see what time Leslie would be discharged from the hospital. The response took me by surprise. It seemed that Leslie was feeling great and was being sent home at 10am. I looked at the clock, 8:15. Time was no longer on my side.

I was trying to determine what time I should go wake Mindy when I heard her footsteps on the stairs. She was awake. She made her way into the kitchen and got a cup of coffee for herself before joining me in the dining room. She sat across from me, but did not say anything. She looked at me with what appeared to be a burning desperation to talk but not wanting to go first.

"Is there something on your mind," I asked her between sips of my coffee.

"Yes," she sighed heavily. "You don't think that I am in love with you, do you?"

I was very surprised by that statement. I wondered where it was coming from. How did that lost little girl I saw last night get so smug overnight?

"Why do you ask," I asked easily, not wanting to put her on the defensive but quite curious about where she was headed with this.

"Well, last night was tender and emotional," she admitted. "You were very honest with me and I didn't want you to get the wrong idea about me."

"What would the wrong idea about you be," I asked simply, in a very unassuming tone.

"That I am in love with you," she repeated. "I'm not. Last night was one of those rare occurrences where I let my guard down. I don't do it often and you got lucky to see it. I really prefer being misunderstood to understood."

"I see," I stated flatly. "You don't love me. Got it. Thank you for clearing that up before it got messy."

"Exactly," she added. "You'll see. The next time we are together I will be a complete slut. I prefer it to all the mushy tenderness. I would rather fuck like rabbits then that sappy slow shit."

Her last remarks sounded like false bravado. I don't think she wanted me to see her as a weak female, especially since she was the youngest woman in the game. She was putting on a show, but I knew that was not who she really was. She was young and insecure. She did not want me to think her inexperience or unwise because of her age, she wanted me to think those things because of her attitude, as if it were her chose to be so.

"I can't wait," I furthered.

"I bet you can't," she giggled. "I am going to get dressed."

She stood from the table and briskly walked past me into the kitchen. I heard her put her cup in the sink and run the water briefly. As she exited the kitchen she turned to look back at me. She then turned her head and looked straight out the window at the foot of the staircase.

"Thank you for everything you did last night," Mindy said clearly.

As the last word left her mouth she turned and headed up the stairs without so much as a glance towards me. I knew that would be the last we spoke of that. I put my cup in the sink and waited patiently for Mindy to return. She did shortly, dressed and ready to go. She had a blue backpack slung over her shoulder as she headed out the front door. I followed closely behind her, securing the door behind me.

As we drove the hospital, Mindy mentioned that she was heading directly back to school when she got to her car. She was going to see her aunt and then take off. I wondered if she was alright internally, but couldn't bring myself to press the subject upon, so we drove mostly in silence.

When we pulled into the parking lot at the hospital, I could see Brooke standing outside of the emergency room doors. I pulled the car directly up to where she was standing. I came to a stop and both Mindy and I burst from my vehicle. Mindy threw her arms around Brooke in a very big hug as I made my way around the hood of the car towards them.

"Where's Leslie," I asked.

"She's signing out," Brooke revealed. "The doctor will be bringing her out in a moment."

I nodded as Mindy finally released Brooke from her vice-like grip. We were all quiet for a moment until the silence was broken by the opening of the automatic doors of the emergency room. The young doctor was pushing Leslie towards us in a wheelchair. The doctor's expression gave nothing away but Leslie smiled when she saw us. When the doctor reached where we were standing, he stopped pushing. Mindy threw her arms around Leslie and hugged her tightly where she sat.

"How are you feeling," I asked her as Mindy relinquished her hold on her.

"I'm sore and tired and hungry," Leslie disclosed.

"The appetite is a good sign," the young doctor added.

I looked at him, quite confused. I didn't say anything to him; I didn't think it was my place at that point. I turned my focus back to Leslie.

"Ready to go home," I inquired.

"More than you know," she replied.

I opened the passenger door of my car and helped Leslie stand from the wheelchair. Rather than make things complicated, I scooped her up into my arms and carried her the few steps to the car. I placed her gingerly in the passenger seat and shut the door. Brooke hugged Mindy goodbye and then climbed into the backseat of my car. I had forgotten that she had arrived at the hospital with Penny the night before, so her car must still be at the office.

Mindy gave me a hug as well before making her way to the car to say goodbye to Leslie through the window. Our embrace was short and emotionless. I made my way around and into the driver's seat. Mindy headed for her car and I pulled away from the emergency room entrance, headed back to Leslie's house.

As we pulled up, I noticed that Penny was waiting for us on the front porch. I stopped the car in front of the house.

"Brooke, go open the front door," I instructed.

She opened the door of the car and made her way swiftly to the front porch, greeting Penny with a big hug as she arrived there. I was surprised by this display of affection between these women. It warmed me.

I got out of the car and made my way around to the passenger door. I opened it gently and scooped Leslie up into my arms once again. She had fallen asleep on the ride home. I carried her up the walkway and through the open front door.

Once inside, I deposited her softly onto the couch, managing not to wake her. I cover her with the blanket that was on the back of the couch and then made my way into the kitchen where Brooke and Penny were now talking. They stopped when they saw me enter the room. Brooke looked at me shyly and then moved to where I was standing. She arched her neck towards me and kissed me softly on the cheek. I melted where I stood. I closed my eyes for a moment to compose myself.

"I'm going to change and grab some things from upstairs for Leslie," she said as she exited the kitchen. 

As I heard her footsteps on the stairs, I looked at Penny. Penny was wearing a very wide smile and glaring at me. I looked at her curiously before breaking the silence.

"What is that look," I asked simply.

"You make me smile," she said. "I can't help it."

"Ok, so what is the plan," I questioned her.

"Well, I am going to stay here with Brooke and keep an eye on Leslie," she informed me. "You need to go by the office and check everything."

"Ok, will do," I agreed. "I will come back here after that."

"No," Penny barked. "Go home after that."

I nodded and turned to go. As I headed out of the kitchen her voice stopped me.

"I didn't mean to snap at you," she confessed gingerly.

"I know," I admitted before continuing to the front door.

I made my way back to my car and headed for the office. I arrived to a surprise; Emma's car was in the parking lot. I expected the lot to be empty on a Saturday, so seeing her vehicle slightly startled me.

I parked next to her car and headed inside. The office was completely quiet but the door to Emma's office door was wide open and the light was on. I made my way to the open door and looked inside. I was startled to see her husband Jack sitting on the couch watching television as Emma sat at her desk. Apparently my presence got Jack's attention as he leapt to his feet and addressed me.

"What the fuck are you doing here," Jack barked at me before turning towards Emma. "I thought you said the office would be empty today?"

"I had no idea he would be here, Jack," Emma replied without looking up from the papers that she was examining. "Now sit down and knock your macho bullshit off."

Emma still had not looked up but Jack was not about to take any orders at that moment.

"This is bullshit," Jack yelled. "I know there is something going on with you two. It's obvious."

"Really, Jack," Emma chuckled, still not having looked at either Jack or myself. "You really are stupider than I give you credit for."

"Oh really, miss hot shot lawyer," Jack responded. "Then why is he here?"

"Penny asked me to stop by here on my way home today to make sure everything was in order," I informed him. "We ran out of here in a hurry yesterday to check on Leslie and Penny wanted to make sure nothing got missed."

"You are such a liar," Jack screamed at me. "I am gonna fuck you up, man."

"Jack, shut the fuck up," Emma yelled as she sprang to her feet.

She stood, completely still, staring at the two of us. She was as firm as stone.

"Jack, sit down and shut your mouth," she commanded him firmly. "If you don't stop this shit, I will leave your stupid ass. How you would like that? Get a fucking grip. I am not here to see him; I am here to work before I go to see my good friend who had her appendix out yesterday. So don't be an ASS."

I turned to go to my office but Emma's voice stopped me.

"How is Leslie doing," Emma asked me softly.

I turned back to face her before answering.

"She was sleeping when I left," I admitted. "She says that she is sore and tired. I think she is scared. She will be happy to see you."

I turned and headed for my office. I heard Emma and Jack get into it again as I walked away. I sat at my desk and fired up my laptop. I checked my email and some websites before shutting it down again. I turned my chair and that's when I noticed that I had a voicemail on my office phone that I had not checked. I picked up the receiver and dialed into our voicemail system. The message was from Penny.

"Hey, it's me," she began. "I won't be home tonight. You will be home with Vivian. It's her night. She's earned a bonus, if you want to know for what, you will have to ask her. Like I said, Vivian has earned a bonus, so tonight you are all hers. From what I am told, she has a boring afternoon and evening at home planned for you. In the top drawer of your desk you will find a new corporate American Express card. Go to the mall and get her a present. Pick something nice. And get her flowers too. Be extra nice to her tonight."

I replayed the message again and just listened to the tone in Penny's voice as she spoke to the machine. She seemed very serious about what she was saying. What had Vivian done to earn a bonus? I was definitely going to ask her. I opened the top drawer of my desk and found the card Penny mentioned. This game was sometimes like clockwork and Penny was becoming the master.

I got up and exited my office. Emma and Jack were on their way out as well. Jack stared me down as I made my way towards them and the front door. We all exited the office without a word. I locked the door behind us and turned to head for my car.

"I'm sorry about before," Jack said to me plainly.

I looked at him for a long minute. I wanted to insult him or say something sharp and cutting, but I thought about the impact that might have on Emma. I took notice of how he seemed a broken man at that moment, reduced to apologize because he was told to do so. I tried to take the high road.

"Good enough," I said to him before turning towards my car.

I climbed in and took off out of the parking lot without looking back. I headed to the mall. I took my time strolling through the stores until I found something that seemed to fit the relationship Vivian and I had. I looked at cloths, shoes and jewelry trying to find the right thing. Nothing seemed to fit.

As I began my third lap around the place, I saw it. In the window of a small jewelry store it caught my eye. It was a gold and platinum tennis bracelet. I thought it was elegant and appropriate. I bought it without even thinking. I knew she would love it. I left the mall with a smile on my face; something that doesn't often happen as shopping is more of a nuisance for me.

I stopped by the flower shop on the way home, buying a dozen white roses. I thought that was a nice touch. I pulled into the driveway sometime around 5pm. The house seemed mostly dark but Vivian's car was in the driveway. I assumed this was part of her plan.

I headed for the front door and made my way inside. The lights were all off and as it was later in the day the natural light was fading. I made my way to the dining room where there was a vase on the table and a note. I put the flowers neatly into the vase and then sat at the table. I opened the note and read it to myself. Put on the blindfold and sit still.

I looked back at the table in front of me and noticed a black blindfold in the center. I placed the box with the bracelet I had purchased for Vivian on the table and picked up the blindfold. I placed it over my eyes and adjusted it behind my head. Then I sat quietly and waited.

I am not sure exactly how long I waited but it felt like forever. Finally I heard footsteps coming down the stairs. They continued across the living room floor and into the dining room. Then I heard the distinct cracking of heels against the wood floor in the dining room. I felt smooth hands touch my cheeks on either side of my face followed by warm breath on my neck.

"Thank for the flowers," Vivian whispered in my ear. "They are beautiful."

"You are very welcome," I replied. "I was told this was going to be a boring evening at home."

"There is going to be nothing boring about tonight," she quipped. "Is that a present for me on the table?"

I was guessing she saw the box from the jewelry store.

"Actually, yes it is," I informed her.

I heard what I thought was her collect the box from the table. I waited silently.

"It's beautiful," she gushed. "Thank you. What did I do to deserve this?"

"Well, that's exactly my question," I posed. "I was told you earned a very big bonus but was not told what you did to earn it. I was hoping you would tell me."

"I'm not sure if I should," Vivian replied. "It's pretty bad."

"If it is bad then why do you get a bonus," I inquired.

"It was good for the game and everyone involved," she educated me. "It was just that the way I went about it was, well, unethical."

"Let me be the judge of that," I encouraged.

"Ok, but remember, you asked," she prefaced. "I got Emma back in the game and I did her time with Sienna."

I was shocked at what I had just heard. She had said it so simply, so matter-of-factly that it had taken my breath away.

"Please elaborate," I insisted, as soon as I could talk.

"I had been encouraging Emma for months to get back in the game," she revealed. "I knew you wanted it and so did she. It was the right move for her. When I found out about the deal she made with Sienna, I just lost it. I told her that she was back in this game and not that one. I went to Sienna that night and spent the hour Emma owed her. Emma was relieved and excited because she wanted you bad."

"Just like that," I simplified.

"Yes," she replied flatly.

"Then you really do deserve this bonus and much more," I acknowledged. "Whatever you want tonight is yours."

I felt her hands on my shoulders again. I then felt her nibble on my left earlobe.

"I want you," she whispered. "I want you at your very best tonight. I want every last drop you have in you. I want you to treat me like the slut that I am. Remember the first time we fucked, how hot it was. I want that."

That was a lot to live up to but my dick responded immediately. Vivian had earned nothing short of my very best effort to please her in any way she wanted. I continued to be silent as I sat there but Vivian's behavior progressed rapidly. I felt her hand on my crotch and she began massaging my member through my pants. I was solid as a rock as she rubbed her hand back and forth against the fabric.

"Do you want me," she asked in a hushed tone.

"Very much," I replied.

"Good," she teased. "Now, show me."

"How," I asked.

"Get undressed," she instructed.

I stood from the chair carefully, as my blindfold was still in place. I unbuttoned my shirt and tossed it aside. I carefully stepped out of my shoes and then dropped my pants and boxers in one move. I kicked everything to the side and stood as still as possible. I felt Vivian's hand on my right shoulder, indicating that she was behind me.

"You have quite a raging hard-on," she observed.

I heard her step around me and then felt her hand grab my cock. It felt like she had something else in her hand as well, though I could not tell what. Vivian pumped my prick with her hand several times before stopping. I heard her take another step and then there was a small, muffled thud. I was not sure where she was now, but I was extremely turned on.

"Sit," she ordered.

I felt the chair behind me and once again took my seat.

"Do you think you are ready," she asked.

"Absolutely," I responded.

"Then take off that blindfold," she directed.

I did as I was told and tossed the blindfold on top of the pile of my cloths on the floor. What a sight that awaited me. Vivian was seated on the edge of the dining room table, directly in front of me. She was wearing pink lace gloves with no fingers and matching pink thigh high stockings. On her feet she had black, 6-inch stiletto heels with a one inch platform and open-toe. Other than those items, she was nude. She had her hands on her thighs and her legs spread apart. Her freshly shaved pussy was staring at me. I had no words at that moment.

Vivian stuck her legs straight out and placed her heels on my shoulders. I slid the chair closer to the table as she laid back. I began licking her clit furiously. I nibbled it and flicked it with my tongue while I opened her pussy lips with my fingers. I ran my tongue feverishly over her lips and inserted it inside of her several times. She was soaked and tasted better than any brandy on the planet. I was in ecstasy.

I tongue fucked her until she couldn't take it any longer. I injected my tongue inside of her repeatedly until she began to squirm on the table. I returned my attention to her clit which I nibbled, licked, sucked and pressed to her pelvis with my tongue. While I worked her love-button I also inserted my right index finger inside of her. I worked it in and out of her slit while my tongue bathed and battered her clit.

As Vivian's first climax approached I increased my attention to her pussy by inserting my middle finger as well as my index finger. I jammed both digits in and out of her hole until they were covered in her juices. I spread her lips wide and flicked her clit with my tongue rapidly. Vivian grabbed the sides of the table and spasmed several times as her first orgasm overtook her. It was short but furious.
