 If you're under 18, these stories are not for you. Don't read them. Skip or erase the file. If you're over 18, you can officially decide for yourself. 

The following is a work of total fiction and contains scenes of graphic sex. 

Content is my own (Monocle), copyright 2001, (as are the typos, and spelling & grammar errors), and any resemblance to persons or events living or dead or stories already written is purely coincidence. The reader is free and welcome to copy and circulate these stories within free legal forums, as long as this disclaimer is included and no alterations to it or the content are made. 

Hope you like it. 

Monocle

* * * * *

We went to bed spooned, as we often do, but this evening I just couldn't seem to fall asleep. My mind wouldn't relax, and my body, though comfortable, wouldn't really let go. You know how that happens sometimes. The mundane niggling events of the workday just wouldn't leave my head. I tried to distract myself with songs, memories, even sheep for goodness sakes, but nothing worked.

I was about to excuse myself from the bed and go to the den to read or watch the tube or something, but stopped as I moved my hand to tap my Matt's arm. He was fast asleep. His long deep breaths were an instant giveaway. He rarely pretends to be asleep, but when he does, I can always tell, his breathing is never quite the same.

I sighed. It would be a chore to get him up if I really wanted to. Matt sleeps like a hibernating bear. It would take something akin to an air-raid siren in the bedroom to wake him when he's really asleep. His left arm was wrapped possessively over my side, elbow by my navel, hand resting against my right breast. His right arm lay under both of us, passing under my right side with the palm and fingers of that hand resting on the top of my right leg. Though we often slept in positions similar to this I never wondered until now whether his arm ever fell asleep like that. Matt never mentioned it, at least.

I was curled in basically a fetal position, with Matt wrapped around me like a giant cape. I'm pretty petite, and he's not, so I always feel... enveloped when we lie like this, only rarely do I find it uncomfortable or feel stuck. Almost always its more a feeling of security and warmth. This evening I was even more aware of it as I listened to him breathe and felt his chest expand and contract against my back. I felt totally safe. I felt happy. I dropped my left hand onto his and snuggled into him, content just to listen to and feel him for the rest of the night, or at least for now.

Sometime later I felt him get hard. A little shiver passed up my spine as I thrilled to the warm stiffening pressing between my legs. I read that most men get erections several times a night while they sleep, even if they aren't having sexy dreams. My Matt is no exception. His cock was pointing down between our legs along our bodies. It pressed into the joining of my legs as it tried to rise. I wondered what he was dreaming about, if anything. Was it sexy? Was it about us? We're monogamous, but we've both shared and play-acted fantasies and dreams of course have no moral restrictions at all.

Images and memories of past dreams and games played in my head, from silly things like "speeder seduces cop" and "quarterback nails cheerleader" (or vice versa) to elaborate candle and rose petal bath scenarios. From there my thoughts drifted to heavier stuff like "interrogating the prisoner" and "knocking up (name Matt's infatuation of the month)." 

I realized I was getting turned on. 

A familiar pre-arousal tingling spread through my abdomen to my sex. But while I'd been fantasizing, Matt had subsided. I still felt his member between my upper thighs, but it was softer now, not pressing into me. I thought for a while. I could push my way out of our cuddle, roll him over with effort and get his attention. He doesn't wake up to noises or jostling, but past experience has shown that a little brunette swallowing or impaling herself on his prick did work as a reveille call. But no. Even though sleepless, I was tired, and it felt too good now simply to have him around me.

If I moved my legs a bit, I could probably play with myself, masturbate in the embrace of my sleeping lover. That seemed like a decent idea, so I gave it a try, raising my left leg a few inches and reaching my left arm down over his, sliding over my belly into my pubic patch, to start teasing myself with slow caresses of my own fingertips. I was a little more ready - and randy - than I'd thought, and my own wetness quickly coated my fingers. I tried to keep as still and quiet as I could - an instinct I followed even though I almost certainly didn't need to worry about waking Matt. I couldn't help, however letting out some small sighs of pleasure and wiggling my lower body back against Matt just a little bit as I played. 

It didn't take long before I felt Matt rising again, whether from his own natural patterns or in unconscious reaction to me, I didn't know. His hardening cock pressed against me again, but this time rose between my slightly parted legs. I opened them further to let it grow unrestrained. When I felt it press up against my perineum, I lowered my leg, trapping it there, and squeezing my own fingers still sliding slowly along my labia. I felt his cock throb in its captivity and felt its heat reflecting my own. If I reached down further, I could touch the head, rub my juices on it, maybe even tickle that extra sensitive spot on the underside. 

I'm no penis expert, but am still grateful to the powers in the universe who/that were responsible for endowing my husband. He doesn't have one of those porno "monster cocks," but whatever it is (Actually, we did measure it once I'm just not telling) it is the perfect size and shape for me. The head is a little pointed, but widens enough that the feel of him entering me is like a force of nature stretching me open and seeking my center. Its long enough that, when we're making love just so, I can feel him "bottom out" and press against end of my tunnel. When he cums that deep in me, I can imagine feeling his semen shoot right into my womb. We've been doing it just so allot, recently. 

Now, I wanted him. I was all hot and bothered by the flights of my mind, my own fingers, and the hardness between my legs. I wiggled forward and back a bit, trying to somehow move myself to get his cock and my pussy to connect. I grasped gently at the head to guide it to me and arched to get my body to line up right. But was too constrained by our body positions. Erect, he jutted too far forward for me to cpature him in my slit. His organ throbbed from the additional stimulation of my squirming. I stopped moving for a minute, realizing I might actually get him to climax while frustrating myself. 

The solution was simple in concept, but hard to execute given the state I was now in. I had to stop everything and wait for him to relax on his own. So I tried. I let go my hand, and raised my leg again, so my body didn't squeeze him. 

A long time passed. And I got hornier by the minute. I listened to Matt breathe, felt the hairs on his chest and legs tickle my skin, and waited for the stiffness pressed up between the junction of my legs to subside. The anticipation was agonizing. Every place we touched felt electric, especially down there, where he was so close to where I wanted him to be. I felt drips of my own excitement run over my leg to dampen the bedsheet. I grew cross with the cock, annoyed that it expected satisfaction right now when something so much better lay in store for it if it would only relax. I considered bringing myself off anyway, and to hell with the big lug. He wouldn't know what he missed. But I rejected that thought as it came. I knew that right now I wanted, needed him inside me. 

I was getting ready to heave him over and jump on him when I finally felt him start to relax. I slowed my breathing to concentrate on feeling what was going on. I didn't want to move too soon, lest I end up right where I'd started, and I wouldn't be able to stand that. My heart was already beating fast from arousal, and now suspense added to it as I waited. Finally, the pressure was all but gone, and I could feel his mostly flaccid length lie on my upper inner right thigh. 

I spread my legs a little wider and carefully reached down with my left hand. I grasped the soft, pliant glans of Matt's penis in my fingers, pointed the head right between my wet and waiting labia, and held my breath. 

It didn't take long. Even in deep sleep, gentle direct manipulation of his cock got a reaction from Matt. He began to stiffen for a third time. And I almost lost him, too. My lubricated fingers slipped a bit and the head of the growing rod pointed off the wrong way for a moment. But I recovered quickly and poked him back into me. And that's all I had to do. The lengthening, stiffening cock pushed into me by itself. I kept my hand there to prevent him from slipping out, but after that first heartbeat or two, it was really unnecessary. I let my left leg down.

He grew inside me, and oh, god, it was the most erotic feeling! With each beat of his heart, his cock throbbed larger and longer, pushing deeper and deeper into me. I was so wet by now that the organ had no trouble nosing as far as it wanted to go. I exhaled loudly, like he was forcing air out my lungs with his steady penetration. My left hand reached back and grabbed his muscular thigh as I arched and pressed my ass back into him. It was like a hot balloon inflating inside me. No, not a balloon, it was too substantial. I was so sensitized from my torturous wait, I felt every ridge and vein of the thickening meat slide against my inner flesh. It was such a turn on. I whimpered as I felt it pulse, fully erect and buried in me. My inner muscles squeezed it in return.

I let out a low, catlike purr. But now what? Part of me wanted to just stay like this and keep him inside me all night, or forever, whichever came first. Part of me wanted a real fuck - Matt would wake up, growl, grab me and start thrusting, maybe even flip us into a doggie style so he could really "do" me, or pull me back against his chest and plow up into me like a machine. Part of me wanted to get off by myself, with him firmly inside me, along for the ride. It would be so nice to drift off to sleep satisfied, with a hot cock buried in me. Who knows how we'd wake up? 

My left hand again sought my sex, and I shuddered at my own touch. God, I was already so close! My stretched pussy clamped around Matt's cock and the organ responded in kind with a twitch of its own. My index finger found my erect clit and circled and stroked it. I wanted to cum so badly, but teased myself to prolong the feeling. I realized I was shaking. Perspiration beaded on my exposed skin and made our bodies' contact areas slick. Finally I couldn't take it any more, and pressed into my clit, rubbing it earnestly up and down.

I came hard, my body jerking and quaking as the contractions hit me. I let out strangled grunts of climax, my efforts to keep quiet only making me want to scream louder. My pussy squeezed and squeezed Matt's cock, its presence in me perfect in every way. I came... for a long time, subsiding into ragged breaths and the occasional shivering twinge of aftershock. 

I slid my hand down further between my thighs, allowing them to close on my wrist. My palm rested on the junction of Matt's cock and my pussy, my fingers lightly cradling is heavy balls. My body relaxed in the way that had been eluding me all night - the kind of letting go and settling that is essential for sleep. I took a deep breath and let out a long contented sigh.

Then, I heard an echoing deep intake of breath behind me. Almost imperceptibly, Matt's left arm tightened around me, drawing me fractionally back to him. Deep within me, I felt Matt twitch...and expand...and throb. His hips moved, humping forward once in sleep. I felt the skin of Matt's scrotum tighten against my hand. As I lay finally limp and passive in his bear-like embrace, his cock shuddered and erupted. Maybe I was already dreaming, because I imagined I could feel every jet of semen originate in his balls and surge into me. I counted three, four, five, more! Matt's nocturnal emissions were apparently even more copious than his waking ones. The sheer quantity created a palpable additional fullness inside me. I hardly recognized my own low, breathy groan at the strange sensuality of the event.

My pussy instinctively squeezed him, repeatedly coaxing from him all he had to offer. With his bulk filling me so completely, I supposed there was nowhere for the volume to go other than deeper inside. A small shiver ran up my spine.

Final questions fought to keep me awake. Would he soften and slip out? Would he wake up and wonder what had happened? Would this time be the one? Interesting and distracting as they were, they finally could not hold my mind awake any more. I felt myself smile the smallest of smiles as I at least drifted away, Matt's final throbs beating the path into my dreams.

.......

The sun from the window falling on my eyes woke me into a red haze. God, what a set of dreams! I could barely remember the details, and what traces remained were already fading, but the intense eroticism still echoed through my foggy brain. It felt deep, animal-like. Eyes still closed, I took a deep breath and began to stretch from my position curled around Lyn. I froze, though, as two sensations hit me simultaneously. The first was the heady, strong scent of sex - Lyn's and mine. And no wonder, for the second sensation was the feeling of my hard cock embedded in my wife's heavenly pussy. That explained the dreams, I thought, but how did we manage that in the middle of the night? Was it (lucky, fantastic) happenstance? Was it somehow her doing? Was I somnopulating?

Pretty quickly, I realized that I didn't really care. There I was, wide awake, already impaling my beautiful bride, who smelled so ready I was nearly drooling. I had to have her. Who am I kidding? I already had her. I wanted to... to _take_ her. I thought back to the times I'd awakened to her straddling me, lifting up and lowering herself on my cock, me barely awake as I felt my orgasm overtake me and shoot into her. Now I could return the favor, if I did everything right. 

It took a few minutes. I moved slowly and carefully, trying not to wake my Lynnie up. She's not a light sleeper, but unless she's really exhausted, the strangest things can disturb her. After getting rid of the light sheet that covered us, I moved my pillows in front of her, and slowly, carefully rolled her over onto her stomach. I held her close, both to keep me buried in her, and to make sure she didn't fall suddenly and wake up. I moved my left knee between hers and pushed out, separating her legs as she settled on her stomach. At the last minute, I moved her left arm so it wouldn't be trapped under her body, which might have become uncomfortable enough wake her up. I took my weight on my arms and knees so as not to press into her too much, constantly resisting the desire to start plowing her roughly and immediately. She stirred once or twice as I arranged her, and I stopped moving when she did, hoping she'd settle back down. Of course, if I failed and she woke up at any point, I'd just start screwing her anyway. But I now knew how I wanted this to go.

Finally we were there. Lyn, still sleeping, lay under me. The two scrunched up pillows under us raised her ass and already cock-filled pussy to me. Both my legs were between hers, knees apart, spreading her open. My knees, left elbow and left forearm supported my weight, with my hand insinuated between the mattress and her left breast (Lyn told me once that her left nipple always seemed a bit more sensitive than the right. I believe in equal opportunity, and like to pay attention to both her tasty orbs when I can, but when I _have_ to choose one...). My right hand wormed between the pillows and her belly, fingers burrowed through her soft pubic hair, barely touching her mound. My chest kissed her upper back and my head was right above hers. I'd pulled her long dark tresses out of the way, so I could gaze at her beautiful, peaceful face in profile. The smell of sex had only increased though my preparations, and I'd felt the slipperiness of Lyn's arousal along my shaft and groin as I moved her and touched her. She'd been mine from the moment I'd woken up, and now I was going to prove that in spades.

I started with my fingers, rubbing and teasing her gently. My left hand could do little where it was, except gently squeeze and kneed her breast. I did get her nipple between the lengths of my index and middle finger, though, and gently began pinching it between them. My right teased the folds of her sex and her little button.

I flexed my hips so that my cock slid in and out of her fractionally. She was so tight, but also wetter and more slippery than usual. Maybe she had or was having some sexy dreams, too. Well, if not now, she never would. It didn't take long before I felt her respond. Tiny movements in her hips pushed her back onto my cock and forward onto my fingers. A tiny whispery moan escaped her lips, but I'm pretty sure she was still asleep or mostly so.

I rubbed her hardening clit with my middle finger, sliding the index and fourth along her labia on either side of my slowly, shallowly pumping prick. Minutes drifted by and I reveled in the slippery tight feel of her around me, the little motions so clearly responding to my touches. Lyn's movements and sounds both increased, so I upped my pace as well. Then, I felt her startle beneath me, and gasp. Her eyes opened wide. 

That was my cue. I let my right hand go wild, stroking and circling and vibrating her clit with abandon. I groped her breast with my left, squeezing her nipple between my fingers. I drew my cock over half-way out of her and pressed it back home, pushing her down into my hands and the pillows, simultaneously lowering my mouth to her ear to start whispering to her, telling her to cum for me. 

And she did. She stiffened and shrieked as if stung. Then she shuddered, jerked, and grunted as the spasms wracked her. Her pussy squeezed me like a fist. God, how I love that feeling. Her eyes stayed open but unseeing through it all. I kept moving my fingers and hips slowly to keep her afloat, whispering to her, asking if it felt nice, telling her what a good girl she was, and that I had more for her.

She was till shaking from her cum when I started in earnest. I didn't want her to come down completely just yet. I moved my right hand from her pussy to the bed to help support me while I withdrew my cock most of the way, and spread my knees apart further, opening her legs more. Lyn's half moaning/half cooing voice rose as if in question, only to end in a sharp grunt as I thrust into her.

I fell silent. For the next minute or so I fucked her, plain and simple. I was fast and unsubtle, humping into my lover's sweet pussy as it still clenched and relaxed from her recent climax. Lyn's voice rose again, ululating as I pistoned in and out of her. She was confused, still part asleep, partly orgasmic, and I didn't let her get oriented. Her fine, round ass giggled as I slapped into it repeatedly.

It felt fantastic. I wanted her so badly and she was mine. Knowing that I had given/was giving pleasure to her was just an incidental feel-good buzz to the pleasure I was taking from her... in her, now. I wanted still more, and I took it. I pushed hard off the bed with my hands, reared back and grabbed her hips. Keeping the momentum, I pulled her backward and up, never letting my cock slide more than part way out before slamming back in. I ended up kneeling between her widely splayed legs still buried to the hilt, with her upturned ass pulled against my abdomen and her chest and head still lying on the mattress, a dazed expression on her face. 
