 This story stands alone pretty well, but it constitutes another part in a series. The series begins with a story called "Fire Pole," about these people and how they meet. The scene is upstairs in Nancy's apartment over her hair salon.

Nancy braced a hand on Sean's chest, and with the other, guided him home into her pussy. The first sweet push inside set her tingling again. Men have no idea, she thought. 

Truly; for although Sean noticed her intake of breath, the delectably hard nipples and even the little frisson which passed over her like goose bumps, he had seldom felt that kind of sensitivity. Like most men, he hadn't the estrogen levels for it. 

It was like a come, only a come whispered, gently. Nancy loved her sex! She was thirty-six, her prime; and the twenty-eight-year-old married man on her bed really turned her crank.  

The bone-hard curving cock of the fireman filled her. "God, you feel nice," she said. 

His rugged face split in a grin, and he reached for her flanks. Seated astride, she squirmed around and around, savoring the endlessly fascinating feeling of hot man, inside the pussy where they belong. 

His firm touch moved up across her ribs and he cupped her breasts. He does that just right! she marveled. "Oh, yeah, take 'em!" she told him. She leaned in and his lips brushed a nipple, sending yet another wave of gooseflesh over her neck and chest. She called his name gratefully.

They'd been fucking already since her noon break, and she wanted to make him late and have sex all afternoon. The man was a cut above; a real find!

His rough tongue on the nipple sent telegraph pulses of sweetness in a line right to her pussy. She pushed her breast softly against his face; his hand brushed the other nipple. She rode cock with her hands on his shoulders while he went from breast to breast and stroked her flanks and ass. 

It was lovely! But the constant little orgasms were distracting her; Sean, too, was getting more intense, thrusting up at her more strongly. Soon they shifted to another position, where he had more scope to move.

Snowcroft was determined to make the afternoon stand out. It was his first time in eleven years of marriage to have looked beyond his wife for fulfillment. Nancy had told him she didn't want a real affair, but he wanted to come back for lots more. The woman was skilled and enthusiastic; he would hate to just leave it at one or two sessions.

It was so hard to work up the nerve to do this in the first place, he thought. If I could have Nancy I'd have all I ever need. He set himself to the agreeable task of driving her out of her mind.

He turned her so that both were lying down, supporting her upper leg, kissing her and stroking, going slow but paying attention. He'd already done a hard, animal fuck at the beginning; this was a sensuous, scientific operation. She was already pretty far gone, as he saw it.

The padded end of his cock rode high, his hair rubbed her clit deliberately at the bottom of his strokes. He worked her neck and breasts with his mouth and held her into him with a hand cupping her hips. 

The sparks came constantly, shooting out and through her body from her center. She was barely able to take notice of how he was doing it any more. She licked and kissed him, his muscles felt so exquisite working under his skin, her flared nostrils captured his male smell.

Little come succeeded little come, some fluttering, some spreading across her like ripples in a pond, some sharp and local in her pussy or centered on a breast. She lost the sense of time, a little. 

Just let go, Nancy-babe; let go! Come big! She lived alone and gave herself advice all the time; this time, she was going to follow it! She dug her heel into his ass to drive him deeper; when he came to a breast again she pinned him there with an arm. Her hips rolled hard into him, she closed her eyes and came.

He took it all as a signal for a last huge effort. Shifting up on his elbow and bracing a leg, he pounded as fiercely as the reclining position would allow.

Nancy was moaning, without control, just holding tightly while the fireman brought more and more sweet explosions from her clit, nipple, pussy, everything at once! Somewhere in the middle of this storm, the man's cock jumped, then jumped again while he nearly screamed. He lost his rhythm-- he was coming too! His pulses diminished and his hips stalled, deep on the downstroke. She surfaced enough to beat her pussy onto him, to give him more movement, but soon she felt a wave of languor overtake her.

They collapsed, gasping. Opening their eyes, they caught each other's gaze. She laughed. He felt good inside her; she felt like a happy kitty with a belly full of warm cream.

"So now will you let me lick you?" he asked.

"Stay right there a minute," she replied, pushing her hair back off her face, "Don't you move. God, that was nice, Sean!" She stroked his chest and responded to his kiss. She loved the feel of a fat cock in there in afterglow.

They regarded each other in contented admiration. But with humans, nothing is ever simple. 

He considered and rejected bringing up the subject of return engagements just then; and he would have been gratified to know she did the same. Then she remembered his remark about licking, and the conversation it referred to. 

"You want to hear me tell you a story, now? I owe you one," she said.

"I'll lick you while you do it, if you like. What story?"

"You told me the time you had a virgin; I did that."

"Tell me."

"I want that backrub, and you can eat me after awhile. Sound good?"

It was a deal. Reluctantly, she let Sean slide out of her pussy. She rolled over to lie face down while he got the condom off and wiped up a little.  He coated his hands and began on her calves, working toward her feet. When she'd relaxed and he was well started, she spoke with her eyes closed, head on folded arms.

"His name was Roman. He was from what they call the Czech Republic now; it was Czechoslovakia then. He was almost a punk, you know the punks?"

"A punk scene in Czechoslovakia?"

"They didn't dare do the real punky stuff with all the weird hair, in Prague before the revolution, but there's still a big punk scene there, from what I saw in Rolling Stone. Then, they had to be careful, it was all bootleg tapes and smuggled albums, people's apartments and the back rooms of places. He told me all this and I was fascinated. Of course he wanted me.

"He was here as an exchange student thing-- his English was so good! But his accent got me! He was just really hot. Shoulders. That square face. His host family had a boy his age, a silly guy, a tackle and lineman; I'd gone out with him in groups of kids before. But I struck up the acquaintance because I was curious, about Roman, I mean. 

"We had a beach to ourselves at Green Lake, about a dozen of us, and a campfire and a couple of coolers. It was late afternoon. We'd been playing volleyball and having beers, but nobody was drunk or anything. We were in swimsuits and the group had split up into couples and a little group at the fire. Anyway.

"Hey. I'll tell you how hot I was for him: when we'd gone off to sit on the rocks together, I'd pulled the suit's bottom part up 'way tight, so the pussy would be outlined right through, you know?"

"Camel toe."

"Yeah!" She chuckled. "They didn't call it that, then. Camel toe, and I sat so he couldn't miss it. Pretty shameless. He could see the slit in the middle just as plain, and he kept looking, it was great. The more we talked the harder he got, he kept shifting and squirming!

_______

"We don't have that many punks here, do we?"

"Not so much; it is so smaller than Prog," he said. I can't do his accent.

"The whole state might be a million people." 

"I like the people here; I think you are very nice. I feel very much welcome."

"Did you say I'm nice or we're nice?"

"You in person are very nice, I mean. But others too."

So I asked him if he had a girlfriend, and all that, and I took him over to the cars for some kissing and stuff. He had great arms and he was hard as rock. I pushed against it with my belly, but he wouldn't touch my tits or my butt, you know? I decided to give him a hint and reached down.

When I grabbed his ass he jumped. "What's wrong, Roman?"

"I am not sure; I don't want to make you scared."

"It's probably different from Prague, but I don't mind."

"In Prog I am-- I never do--"

"You're a virgin?"

"I think yes. It means never the sex?"

"Yeah. You've never done it?"

"I am sorry."

"Wow." I looked around. There were people, and some of them I couldn't see, so I couldn't tell if anyone might be able to watch. "I'm not saying I'll do it, but come with me a minute."

He said anywhere, really from the heart. I took him along the path and we spread towels and lay down in a little spot down low behind some birch trees. I unsnapped the top and told him to strip. He looked fine. 

He had those wide-ish hips with the muscles pinned right from hip to shoulder, you know? A slab! Really a hunk of meat, and this thick cock, a little shorter than yours but real thick and tapering to a small head, a cone cock! His little buns sat on the wide hips, it was cool. He was playing on the football team like his host brother.

And he'd do whatever I told him. Oh, Sean, do that more.

_____

"You're juicy again."

"I guess you'll have to lick."

_____

I knew you'd want to do that. Mmm. We went back to kissing but it was different naked. I loved the feel of him and he practically rubbed me off through the bikini! I'd kinda decided: I was gonna go out with him, I figured, while he was here, and make sure he lost it, but not right off, the same day we met. He made it hard to hold back, though. I was pretty easy then.

_____

"What did you say?"

"I said you're sweet!"

"Huh!"

_____

Well, I was easy then, too! Jesus. 

It was because he just did everything I said. He was broad like a bear and so hard I kept feeling speared, but he was a pussycat. I just had him doing things and got more and more lost in it. 

I had him push his nose in there on the suit, and turn so I could play with him. It could have been the smell, I love the hair and the smell! I love to lick and suck and feel hair in my mouth! I did his thighs and his wide belly and scratched my nails down him! He nuzzled me and nipped at me until I couldn't think.

"Kiss my ass," I said.

No hesitation! "Suck them like tits, lick them."

It didn't matter. "Take them off me and kiss my pussy!"

I was wringing him; like, you slide the skin, but you go around instead of up and down. I'd twiddle the head on my tits and wring his cock-- oh!-- and then I rolled his balls in my mouth one by one, all hair, wringing and jacking while he ate me--

_____

"Oh, Christ, Sean! Let me have your cock!"

"You know the rules. You have to tell a story!"

"But I want cock! Come on!"

"Mm-mm!"

"Oh Jesus, that's so good, oh my God--!"

"What happened then?"

"You bastard. How can I, when I'm coming all the time?"

_____

Okay! So he came between my tits and over my right nipple, jerking in my hand like one of those power showerheads. It made me come right then, right in his mouth-- oh God!-- 

____

"Sean, stop. Rub my back a while, okay?"

"Roll over, I'll do the front." 

____

I licked his cock clean and made him lick my belly and tits clean, and we got dressed. He took me out lots of times after that. I learned a lot about him and about Czechoslovakia. I went to his games. 

He was a little wild, but I was, too. We liked each other but he was going to have to leave, of course, and not come back for two years. He liked to do oral games outside and in auditoriums; places like that. I sucked him in a girls' bathroom at school once. Let me tell you about that one.

We'd skipped class to do it. That way, there wouldn't be a crowd, you know? I stood on the thing in a stall. We were excited, it didn't matter about the cigarette smell, even, it made it dirtier! I unbuttoned, and I popped my tits out by lifting my bra. I leaned on his shoulders and had him suck them. We had the place to ourselves, so I talked dirty to him.

"You're going to eat my pussy right here, Roman," I told him. "And make me come! I'll take my pants down, and you're going to eat it. Lick it until I melt on the floor!"

While he was on my tits, I unzipped and put my hand down the front. He loved it, watching that, especially on a bus or something.

"I'm all juicy and wet, taste my fingers," I said. He licked them.

"Nancy, you are so delicious, give me more-- yes, put your hand in." 

I made him suck them. "Suck it like a cock," I said. He begged me to turn around and give him my pussy. I made him suck my tits and rubbed it, making noises to drive him crazy-- moaning and making pussy noises with my hand, too.

Then I heard it. More noises, from the next stall, it sounded like. I put a hand on Roman's head and lifted up to look over the wall thing. Roman started working my pants off, which was cool with me.

I could see only one knee with pantyhose on it, pulled down. She was sitting in the stall, and I could hear her fingering herself and panting. She was leaning against the wall on our side, so it was just a knee.

I felt electric all over. It was perfect! 

Then Roman's hands coasted over my buns and he kissed it, softly. It went right through me.  I braced my hands on both walls and opened my knees wide. I shook my hair back, closed my eyes, and let him work. 

He was pretty good by then. I told him how it felt all through it: That's the spot, oh it's making me come-- Play with my ass more-- I just had another hot little come!

I never did that kind of talk, so Roman looked up, wondering. I picked up my opposite hand and pointed to the stall with the girl in it. "Someone's there, listening," I mouthed. 

He broke into this big excited smile. "You get one more big one; then you will suck my cock!" he said, in a rumbly voice, in that accent. The girl gave a little sob and then she was very quiet.

"Let me suck it right now, babe; I want to feel the meat in my mouth, I can't stand waiting!" We swapped positions and I said stuff like, Get that thing out. Oh, look at it! I love cock!

Then I hefted his balls and slid my mouth down him to the thick base, all one go. It made him grunt deep in his chest. He talked dirty all through it, and he tried to look across to the other stall, but he shook his head so I knew he hadn't been able to see her.

"I love to watch your mouth on my cock. Your pretty face with cock in it! Lick the head, just the head! Rougher-- yes! Now go down, take me deep."

He was laying it on thick. I made lots of slurps and said he was really hard and things like that. It felt like a joke at first-- but it got to me. I sucked and licked really hard and fast; I was gasping and squeezing myself with my thighs!

Roman said he was about to come soon. I let go. Pulling at him I said, "No, Roman, you gotta fuck me, I'm burning up, come down, I got a thing in my purse, please!" I meant every word, too.

Roman came down, but he knelt at my feet. I stopped digging in my purse.

"Nancy. I don't want to do it the first time here. Please. I will eat you, okay? I will eat you, you can come, but let's do this tonight, someplace special. I am begging."

He sounded so sincere, it melted my heart. I agreed, I pulled him up and we kissed. He went back down after a while and gave me a huge one, so sweet, it took over my whole body, even my fingers and toes were prickly. While I was sucking him, the girl left the stall and ran out of the room, so we never knew who it was. 

I was rubbing my clit and when he came I had another one, not as big. I loved his come splashing in my throat. I like the feel of the meat jerking and spurting, the end getting big and jumping up, and the come streaming into my mouth! God!

_____

"You're hinting again! No cock yet, he's still a virgin!"

"I know! But could you eat me? I'll tell the rest after that, I promise."