 Mary had always been the so called good girl in her family. She made good grades, never broke curfew, just the typical girl next door. She had always been beautiful, even as a baby, people would remark about her gorgeous eyes and cherry red lips. But, Mary was no longer a baby. She was now a beautiful 19 year old girl, standing 5'6, 129 lbs, long, gorgeous blonde hair and blue eyes that almost seemed to hypnotize and fresh out of high school, busy planning her next move in life. She decided to take a year off to just goof off and learn how to have fun before diving into the so called "real world."

Her parents had always taught Mary to be responsible, unfortunately, they weren't much for having a sense of humor, and this too, rubbed off on Mary. She was the girl you knew in school that got voted "Most Likely to Succeed." She never went to parties or football games. She even blew off prom so she could stay home and scan the internet, hopefully to find a college that best suited her needs. 

But, that was then, and this is now. School was finally over and Mary was ready to cut loose. Her parents were leaving for 3 months for Italy, to celebrate their 25th wedding anniversary, and Mary realized this was the best time to spread her wings.

"Okay, I think we have everything," said her mother, thumbing through the overstuffed suitcase on the floor.

"Helen, would you relax?" said Jack, Mary's father, "You've packed everything but the kitchen sink. We're gonna miss our plane if you don't get your ass in gear."

"Well, I'm sorry, Jack, but we are leaving for 3 whole months. I don't want to forget anything," Helen said, zipping up the last of the 7 suitcases.

"Okay, you have the number of the hotel we'll be staying at," Jack said, "There's a credit card in my desk drawer for your necessities, and if you need anything, the Clarks are right next door."

"I know, Daddy, the Clarks have been right next door since I was born. I'll be fine, stop worrying and just enjoy your trip," said Mary, giving them both a hug and a kiss, on their way out the front door.

And just like that, Mary had the house to herself. Now normally, in situations like this, a huge party ensues with mass quantities of sex and booze, but since Mary had not really taken the time to make any friends, their really wasn't anyone to call.

So, with a heavy sigh, she flopped down on the couch, determined to find a good movie to spend the night with. 

Hours later, the doorbell rang, and Mary sprung to her feet, completely startled from a sleep she had obviously drifted into.

"I'm coming!!" she yelled, turning off the TV and heading towards the front door.

"Well, hello, Mr. Clark," she said, giving him a warm smile.

"Hi, Mary, your folks asked me to check in on you from time to time, while they're gone, just to make sure you don't need anything," he said, as Mary ushered him into the house.

"Well, that's very kind, but I really can't think of anything that I need right now," she said, offering him a seat in her father's chair.

Mr. Clark wasn't your typical "old man." Yes, he was older, having just turned 59 just 3 months earlier, but he didn't spend his time watching TV and napping 5 times a day. He was always outside messing around with old cars, fixing them up and having barbecues and parties, very out going and laid back. His wife, on the other hand, was a total stick in the mud. She mostly kept to herself, often spending her days knitting or baking cookies for the church.

"Well, I see your father's really re-vamped this house, it looks really good," he said, as Mary brought him a cold drink.

"Yes, he's always doing something around here," she said, taking her seat on the couch again, crossing her legs and looking over to Mr. Clark.

"You have really grown up to be a gorgeous girl, Mary. I remember when your parents brought you home from the hospital. Now look at you, all grown up and fresh outta high school. Have you decided where you're going to go to college?" he asked, rubbing his thick thumb up and down the soda can.

"Not yet," she said, "But I hear really good things about the colleges out west."

"I never got to go to college myself," he said, placing his can on the coffee table, "But, things were different in my day. You didn't need a college diploma to get a job, just skills and the desire to work."

"Well, times do change, Mr. Clark," she said, trying her best to make idle conversation.

"That they do, Mary, that they do," he agreed, leaning back and getting comfortable.

"Speaking of times changing," he said, "Your parents must be very proud of the fine young woman they've raised."

"Oh, Mr. Clark," she said, shyly, "I'm no different then any other girl. I just happen to like school alot more then most girls did."

"You're not like any other 19 year old girl I've seen," he said, giving her a smile and a wink, "Most girls are still flat chested, with nothing to show for their 19 years of life."

Mary's face began to burn and her stomach did a small flip. She wasn't used to someone speaking of tits. The human body wasn't something that was explored, or even mentioned, to a great extent, in her house. 

"Don't be embarrassed, Mary," he said, "You've got nothing to be shy about, you're a gorgeous young woman."

"Well, I better get started on some dinner," she said, standing up and walking towards the door, "It's getting late and I'm kinda hungry."

Mr. Clark scanned the vixen as she passed by him. His cock instantly hardened with the aroma of her perfume, and the sight of her gorgeous, long legs, peeking out beneath her short skirt.

"You know, Mary, you and I don't have to be strangers," he said, slowly walking towards the shy, young woman.

"We're not strangers, Mr. Clark, I've known you all my life," she said, reaching for the door knob.

Mr. Clark reached out, placing his hand on hers, "I don't have to be home yet. Mrs. Clark is talking to our daughter, long distance from Arizona."

Just then, he stood behind her, purposely pressing his cock into her ass, and placing his calloused hands on her hips. 

"Your hair smells delicious," he whispered, leaning in and taking in the aroma of her long, flowing blonde locks.

Mary froze, unsure of what to do next. She could feel Mr. Clark's stiff bulge, pressing into her ass. His hands were strong and powerful, gripping her hips tightly. She took a deep breath, and slowly turned around, facing him.

"I've been waiting for this opportunity to get you alone. Day after day, I watch you through my backyard fence. The way you sit outside and read from those books you're so fond of. The way you twirl small strands of hair and bring them to those ripe, cherry lips of yours. It's all so exciting. Many times I've jacked off watching you, Mary," he said, reaching up and cupping her full tits beneath her shirt.

Mary was speechless, she had no idea that anyone was watching her, much less pleasuring themselves while they watched. She closed her eyes as Mr. Clark's trembling fingers released each shiny button from her blouse, eventually revealing the fact that she wasn't wearing a bra.

"Oh my God, your tits are even sexier then I imagined," he said, completely wide eyed, staring at the pink tipped nipples that capped off Mary's supple, heavy tits.

"Unzip my pants," he whispered, slowly sliding her blouse off her stiff body, "Reach in there and grab my cock, it's so hard it hurts."

Mary slowly opened her eyes, and with her own trembling fingers, released the warm button from Mr. Clark's pants and slowly pulling the zipper down.

"Yes, that's it, Mary," he whispered, grabbing his pants and pulling them down to his knees, "You like what you see?" he asked, slowly stroking his stiff cock.

Mary's eyes widened and her mouth fell open. She had never even seen a cock, but from listening to the other girls in the locker room, she knew this one was well above average. Her nipples hardened and she couldn't even blink.

"Touch it," whispered Mr. Clark, "It won't hurt you."

Mary remained frozen and wide eyed and Mr. Clark gave a light hearted laugh as he reached forward, taking the young woman's hand.

"Just slide your hand up and down my shaft, make me feel good, Mary," he said, reaching behind her and unzipping her skirt, moaning as it fell to her feet.

Mary obeyed and gently grabbed Mr. Clark's cock, wrapping her warm, yet clammy hand around the thick shaft, unsure of what to do next.

"Yeah, that's it, just stroke it a few times," he said, leaning in and taking her left nipple into his mouth.

Mary groaned silently, never realizing that having her nipple sucked would feel this good. She began to stroke his cock a little bit more, causing Mr. Clark to moan and suck a bit harder, even nibbling on the nipple tip.

A few minutes later, with her back to the cold front door, Mary's pussy had become extremely wet, but she didn't know why. Her nipples were hard as glass and Mr. Clark was sucking them like a newborn baby getting his first meal.

He suddenly stopped and took Mary's hand, stepping her out of the skirt around her ankles and leading her to the couch.

"You still a virgin, baby?" he asked, kicking his shoes and pants off, until he was completely naked.

"Y-es," she stuttered, unsure of what was going to happen next.

"Mmmm, I haven't fucked a virgin since I was 20 years old," he said, stepping up and instructing the young woman to get on all 4's.

So, with shaky knees and wobbly elbows, Mary got up on all 4's, struggling to support her body. Mr. Clark stood back, for a moment, admiring Mary's perfectly round ass, not a lick of fat anywhere on her body.

With slow, quiet steps, he came up behind the nervous young woman, again placing his hands on her sexy hips and slowly pushing the head of his cock to her pussy lips.

"Ohhhhhhhh," she groaned, "Mr. Clark, don't hurt me."

"I have no plans to hurt you, Mary, just to make us both feel good," he hissed, pushing his cock inside her further.

And, with slow, even strokes, Mr. Clark eventually was able to push his entire erection inside the tight, sloppy wet pussy. 

"Oh, God, I could cum right now, you're so tight," he said, gripping her hips tighter and thrusting slowly.

Mary closed her eyes and instinctively arched her back, as she gripped the small throw pillows on the couch. Her knuckles were white and her body trembled harder each time Mr. Clark's cock slithered inside her now open cunt. She groaned and rocked her hips back and forth, almost riding him, instead of him riding her.

"Oh shit," he groaned, "I haven't had any pussy in over a year. That bitch I'm married to won't give me a damn thing. You wanna be her replacement, Mary?"

By now, Mary's body had totally submitted and her mind was in overdrive, "Yesssssssss, I'll do anything you want."

Mr. Clark smiled wickedly, thrusting into her faster, hearing her moaning only spurred him on. He felt her body jerk when he pushed through her hymen, now she was his little fucktoy.

She groaned and moved her body side to side, feeling the warm gush of her juices. She knew she was now a full fledged woman, never again would she be naive.

Mary's back arched further and her groans became breathless whimpers. Mr. Clark drove his steel rod deep into her, sending shudders and chills all over her naked body. She chanted his name and begged for more, hardly believing the words that were coming out of her own mouth.

She leaned forward and slammed back, causing his cock to bottom out. He knew he was close to cumming and it was all he could do to hold back.

"Fuck, Mary!!!!" he yelled, "I'm gonna cum, tell me where!!!"

"Inside me!!!" she responded, "Please!!! Please, cum inside me!!!"

Mr. Clark closed his eyes and dug his fingertips into Mary's flesh, pumping into her so hard the couch rocked back and forth.

"Tell me you're my little fucktoy!!! Hurry!!! Say it!!!!" he yelled, snarling and grunting.

"I'm your little fucktoy!!! Your little secret slut!!!" she groaned, feeling her stomach muscles tighten and her pussy walls almost close shut.

Her heart was racing and the room was spinning. Her mouth fell open and her fingers clenched the pillow tighter. The air was cold, falling from the air vent overhead and dancing over her naked, sweaty back. She moaned as her tits slammed into each other, causing her nipples to kiss each time a thrust sent her forward.

Mr. Clark groaned and pumped, looking down at Mary's sexy asshole, peeking up at him. He threw his head back and let out a roar so loud, you'd thought he was a lion in the jungle, protecting his territory.

He pumped and thrusted, groaning words that neither he nor Mary understood, but neither cared. Mary's pussy clamped his cock, sucking the very life from it as it unloaded, creaming every inch of her cunt. She groaned and her eyes flipped back into her skull. Her body jerked and her stomach flipped. She was experiencing her very first orgasm and nothing, up to this point, ever felt so good.

Her mouth remained wide open and her eyes blurry. Her pussy felt warm and wet, yet she was more relaxed then she had ever been in her life. 

"God, that was awesome," whispered Mr. Clark, dropping to his knees and seperating Mary's pussy lips with his fingers.

"Oh, God," she groaned, almost cumming again when she felt his warm tongue slither deep inside her creamy cunt.

"Mmmmmmm," he groaned, tounging the young woman's pussy and rubbing her supple ass.

He blew warm breaths into her fuckhole and slowly slid one finger into her ass, causing her to jerk, just a bit.

"OHHHHHH, Mr. Clark," she groaned, again getting back up on all 4's.

He drove his tongue inside her used fuckhole even further, wiggling it deep within her pussy walls. His finger pumped in and out of her asshole, slowly opening her up. She spread her legs apart and again, gripped the throw pillow.

"Fuck, I gotta get in that ass," he said, quickly yanking his finger out and wiping his mouth off, which, by now, looked like a shiny glazed donut.

"Let me have that ass, Mary," he whispered, "Please, I won't hurt you."

"Yess, yesss," she moaned.

Mr. Clark smiled and grabbed his cock, slowly guiding it to Mary's virgin, puckered asshole. With one swift, yet gently thrust, he pushed his cock tip past her rim. Hearing her soft moans only provoked him and he continued, finally pushing all seven inches deep into her. Again, he grabbed her hips and looked down, watching his cock appear, then disappear inside the young woman's asshole.

"Ohhhh, Mr. Clark," she groaned, biting her lip and closing her eyes, "Don't stop, please don't stop."

"Don't worry, baby, I'm not gonna stop till I cream this hole too," he hissed, pumping a bit faster, already feeling his balls begin to draw tight.

Minute after minute, thrust after deep thrust, Mr. Clark's cock became harder and harder, as Mary's asshole loosened up, welcoming him inside her. He groaned and grunted, driving his shaft deep into the young woman's ass, then suddenly pulling it back out. He repeated this a few more times until it was obvious he could not hold out any longer.

He swatted her ass cheeks, just enough to make them warm and pink, thrusting inside her one last time.

"I'm gonna cum, Mary," he panted, "Tell me to cum, baby."

"Cum, Mr. Clark, please cum!!!!" she groaned, feeling her second orgasm quickly approaching.

Just then, she felt a warm gush spray inside her asshole. She heard Mr. Clark groan and the thrusts stopped. Her own body began to jerk and her nipples, again, became hard as glass. She gripped the pillow tightly and arched her back, throwing her head back and screaming, chanting Mr. Clark's name, over and over, trying desperately to catch her breath and support her body, all at the same time.

"Oh, God!!!!" she groaned, finally collapsing onto her stomach on the couch. She was physically spent, but felt oh so good.

Mr. Clark smiled and slowly slid his pants back up, sliding his shoes on and bending down beside Mary.

"You're such a good fucktoy, I always knew you would be," he whispered, gently kissing her on the cheek, "I think you and I are gonna have a blast this summer, baby."

Mary smiled, but was too wiped out to walk Mr. Clark to the door. She just laid there, totally satisfied, never in her life, ever feeling this relaxed. Soon, she fell into a deep sleep, still naked and full of cum. 

She knew this summer would be the summer to spread her wings, little had she known this was also the summer she would spread her legs.