 Chapter 22 -- Showers of Happiness

After my encounter with Emma and her shoes, the next two weeks were quite uneventful. The women were extremely preoccupied putting the final touches on the baby shower that they were throwing for Monica this coming Saturday. They were hustling about and constantly on the phone ordering everything they could think to buy. It was quite a scene to witness, though it did allow me to fly under the radar while I sorted myself out further. 

Things at home had changed a little. Penny had basically scraped her own rules and was spending every night with that Vivian didn't. She would even sneak in and snuggle with me some mornings when Vivian got up just to steal another 15 or 20 minutes. I was really moved by her dedication and motivation. Plus, I was massively in love with her; there was no avoiding that truth at all.

The game activity had been put on the back burner as the women worked on making sure the shower was perfect. I didn't mind at all. This was important to all of them and it really meant the world to Nikki, who, despite her false bravado, was still very nervous about being a mom. I was feeling really good about things until that Friday afternoon when the phone rang at my desk.

"Adams and Cartwright," I answered professionally.

"Hey kid," Bill greeted me. "How's life in Burbank?"

"Things here are well, Bill," I assured him. "How are you and Bonnie doing?"

"We are just fine," he admitted. "Bonnie keeps asking for you."

"She is too sweet," I complimented. "Please send her my very best. To what do I owe this call?"

"I need you to get everyone together and call me back," Bill instructed me. "I have some very concerning information for you all."

"Ok, give me ten minutes," I said clearly.

"Great," Bill declared as he hung up.

I bolted out of my chair and headed for Nikki's desk. She looked up at me quickly.

"Who's here," I asked her bluntly.

"Everyone," she disclosed cautiously. "Penny is in with Emma and Brooke is in with her sister."

"Ok, I need everyone in the conference room, now," I informed her. "You get Emma and Penny."

I didn't wait for a response. I turned and headed right for Leslie's office. I burst into the doorway and told both of them that we had an emergency meeting in the conference room. Brooke jumped up immediately and moved past me with a smile. She was as charming and delightful as ever. Leslie, however, sat there and waited. I stared at her, wondering what she was doing.

"Is something wrong," I asked gently.

"Not at all," she replied, not looking at me. "I will be right there."

"Not good enough," I declared.

I walked over to her desk and grabbed her hand. I helped her stand and then guided her around her desk. She stopped in front of me, our hands still together.

"I'm sorry about what happened in Vegas," she said softly.

"Don't worry," I responded playfully. "I will make you pay for that next time we are alone."

Leslie laughed at my response and finally started to begin to get past it. We left her office hand-in-hand and made our way to the conference room. Everyone was waiting on us and all of the women were staring at me. I grabbed the speaker phone and dialed quickly as Leslie took a seat.

"Hey kid," Bill greeted me again.

"We're all here Bill," I informed him over the box. "What's going on?"

"I have some interesting information for you all," he informed us. "I had some of my best people do a background check on Miss Kylie Samson."

"This doesn't sound good," Leslie commented.

"Well, you tell me," Bill continued. "Kylie Alison Samson, age 37. She divorced multi-millionaire Edwin Samson, a Texas oil-man, last year after 4 years of marriage. She hammered him in the divorce, citing that Edwin had seduced her sister."

"That's fucked up," Penny declared. "But, I still don't like her."

"You shouldn't," Bill agreed. "Edwin's attorneys argued that Kylie and her sister were setting him up to gain a large settlement. You're all gonna love this part. Edwin has sued Kylie twice, losing both times, in an effort to make her return to using her maiden name, Deville."

That information just hung out there for a moment as each of us tried to make the connection. The light bulb went on for several of us, including Leslie.

"So Sienna is her sister," Leslie clarified.

"Bingo," Bill confirmed.

"Now that's fucked up," I noted.

"There's no way she was in Vegas by accident," Brooke suggested.

"I would guess not," Bill concurred. "I don't know how this is going to play out, but you all be careful. Get Mindy and Vivian up to speed as soon as you can. This isn't going to stay a secret very long."

"Bill, thank you," Emma said softly.

"Anything for you, blondie," Bill replied. "Ok, I am off to take Bonnie to dinner. Talk to you all soon."

The line on the speaker box went out and Bill was gone. We all just sat there, no words were exchanged, we just sat in silence.

"We have a shower to finalize for tomorrow," Penny announced as she stood up from the table. "There's a lot to do so let's go do it."

"Penny's right," Emma agreed. "We have this information and they don't know we have it. The next move is theirs. Right now, let's just go about our business."

"I will call Vivian and Mindy," Nikki volunteered. "They should know."

I nodded in agreement as I rose from my seat at the table. The rest of that day was a blur. I couldn't help but wonder where they might take this. Sienna was a piece of work, but her sister seemed to be worse, with a lot more money. My own thoughts drove me crazy until I reached home that night. I am not sure what time I fell asleep, but when I opened my eyes during the night I found Penny curled up under my left arm and Vivian curled up under my right. I did a double-take to make sure I was not imagining this but it was very real. These women were certainly something.

The ladies were out of house early on Saturday morning, to help setup for the shower. They wanted everything to be perfect which left me all alone at home. I slept in and tried to keep my mind off of Kylie and Sienna. I got up after 11am, feeling great. I had a cup of coffee and played some online poker to distract myself. I had a small sandwich for lunch and then sat down to watch a movie. I knew this was one of few opportunities to watch something the ladies wouldn't like, so I grabbed a western. This was shaping up to be a great day until my cell phone rang. It didn't matter who it was, this phone call was going to keep me from watching my movie, and I just knew it. I didn't even bother checking the caller id.

"Hello," I answered in a disgruntled tone.

"I need help," Leslie whined on the other end of the phone.

"That's an understatement," I joked.

"No, I'm serious," she whimpered. "My car won't start and I'm late for the shower and I am just a mess. Can you come help me? Please."

"I'm on my way," I said as I snapped my cell phone shut.

So much for the perfect day. I threw on a pair of jeans and jumped into my car. I drove over to Leslie's, hurrying as much as I could, knowing the effort all these women had put into this shower and what it meant to them. I began to feel bad for her. I pulled up in front of her house and sure enough, her car was sitting in the driveway. I knew nothing about cars, so I was not even going to attempt to do anything with it. I headed for the front door, assuming I would just drive Leslie to the shower myself and then call someone to come take a look at the car.

When I reached the front door, I noticed that it was not completely closed. Naturally, I let myself in, but did not see Leslie anywhere on the main level. I shut the door behind me and continued to examine the main level for any sign of her.

"Leslie, I'm here," I yelled in an attempt to locate her.

"I'm upstairs," she called back. "Can you come help me?"

I wondered what it was that she needed help with now. I convinced myself she had probably purchased a very large shower gift and I was going to be her muscle getting it down the stairs and out of the house. I climbed the stairs with that prospect in my head and a scowl on my face. I walked down the long hallway and saw her bedroom door open. I entered but did not see Leslie. I stepped further into the center of the room and two hands suddenly covered my eyes from behind.

"How pissed would you be if I told you that I lied to you," she whispered.

"Pretty pissed," I growled, feeling that was the case. "And confused."

"Don't be pissed," she said. "I have already been to the shower and my car is fine."

"Then why am I here," I asked firmly, trying not to yell.

"I never got my Vegas night," she reminded me. "And you promised to make me pay for it. I am taking you up on that today. Penny excused me from the shower to tend to our business. She thought it very appropriate that I be punished today."

I did not know what to say to her at that moment. She had set up me good. I suddenly had a feeling that today wasn't going to be that bad after all.

"So, what punishment did you have in mind," I asked with a big smile on my face.

"Well, that's really for you to decide," she advised me. "We do have some rules we have to follow today, though."

"Really, what are the rules," I asked very curiously.

"Well, since this is punishment for me, you can't fuck me or touch my pussy in any way," Leslie informed me. "Penny thought that was a fair compromise. She also didn't want you to torture me, so you only get to cum twice and then you have to leave immediately."

"Are you serious," I pleaded. "That's just not fair."

"Life isn't fair," she snapped at me. "Neither is this game on certain days. Like when I was unfair to you in Las Vegas. I will accept my punishment like a true professional. No whimpering, no bitching, just doing what I need to do."

"So I get to decide how and where I pop twice and then I have to get lost," I simplified.

"That's the size of it," she concurred.

"Well then, why don't we get to it," I stated.

Leslie uncovered my eyes and stepped out from behind me. She was really not playing fair as the moment that I saw her I wanted to pin her to the floor and fuck her brains out. She looked amazing in a pink lace top that was tied together between her tits and a matching pink lace skirt that was completely see-thru and covered nothing. Her hair was in pigtails and she had pink sandals on that laced all the way up her calf, tying just below her knee. I almost exploded in my pants at that moment. She smiled when she noticed the immediate reaction in my pants.

Leslie wasted no time removing my shoes, sock, pants and boxers. My prick sprung to life as it was released and Leslie began licking it furiously. She ran her tongue up and down the length of my shaft as I tossed my shirt aside. I loved having her touch me and wanted to ravage her body badly. She looked up at me while she was lapping at the head of my dick and batted her eyelashes lustily.

Leslie stood up while keeping her right hand on my rod. She kissed my neck as she stroked me lightly.

"Can I make a suggestion," she whispered.

"Absolutely," I groaned in response.

"How about we cover things top to bottom," she offered.

"What did you have in mind," I asked in my covetousness haze.

"You cum once on the top half of my body and once on the bottom half," she clarified. "My tits and then my shoes. You would like that, wouldn't you?"

I am not sure if there was a heterosexual man alive that wouldn't like that.

"Yes, please," I replied in a whisper.

Leslie accepted my response and returned to her position on her knees. She ripped her pink lace top over her head and tossed it aside, letting her firm C-cups free. She spit on my cock as she stroked it. She laid my dick on her chest and pressed her firm tits together around it quickly. She moved up and down allowing my cement shaft to pass back and forth between her breasts quickly. It felt amazing.

Leslie continued to let saliva drip out of her mouth, down her chin and fall onto her breasts as she worked my tool between them. I rocked back and forth in rhythm with her, guiding my pole up and down between her boobs. Her flesh mounds pressed my pecker tightly as I pumped it between them. Looking down at her complete sexiness as I fucked her tits firmly, I felt my peak building.

"Come on, be a good boy and pop on my titties," Leslie encouraged me.

I continued to ram my rod in the middle of her melons rapidly until I reached my pinnacle. I discharged violently, spewing my milk all over her magnificent tits and several shots hit her in the bottom of the chin. My knee buckled at the intensity of my orgasm as I groaned loudly upon cumming. Leslie never stopped smiling as I burst my nut all over her bosom.

When I was completely milked, she began rubbing my cock firmly, preventing it from getting soft. She massaged me for a short time until she began to stroke my shaft very firmly. Her deliberate motions brought all the circulation back to my member and got me rock hard once again. Leslie continued to pump away on my pecker as precum once again began to leak from my tip. My fluid lubricated her hand and my tool, allowing her to manipulate me at a much faster pace.

Leslie stroked me as hard and fast as she knew how, ferociously wailing on my pole until I felt my next load developing. I groaned loudly as she thrusted her hand back and forth on my member. Sensing that my explosion was near, Leslie let go of my cock and laid down on the floor. She presented her feet and shoes to me as I picked up where she left off stroking my prick at a brutal pace.

I grunted very loudly as I ejected my second batch all over her sexy shoes and feet. I shot rocket after rocket of spunk onto her toes and the straps of her shoes. I groaned loudly again with my final jet of juice. I shuttered and shivered as a wave of ecstasy passed through me. The intensity overwhelmed me at that moment and I dropped to one knee.

As I was catching my breath, Leslie stood up and walked over to me. She leaned down and kissed me on the cheek.

"You need to go," she reminded me.

"I know," I said as she disappeared into her bathroom, shutting the door firmly behind her.

I took a moment or two to collect myself then I stood and gathered my cloths. I dressed quickly and was out the door in a rush. When I got home, the house was still empty. I went ahead and put on the western I was going to watch before I left. I sat down on the couch and thought about how good life was at that moment.

I am not sure how little of the movie I actually saw, but my next recollection was Vivian shaking me to life.

"Time for bed," she smiled down at me.

I stood up and she grabbed my hand. She led me up the stairs and into my room. We climbed into bed and I drifted off quickly with her in my arms. This had been one wildly intense day.

What would tomorrow bring?