 Smoothly confident, Lucas Hunter (18) joined the Spring Break exodus from his college in Denver, taking one of the lined-up buses to the airport to board a 2½ hour flight to LA. 

Aunt Laura. his mother's youngest sister, had arranged to meet the flight to take Lucas to her townhouse in Santa Monica.

The student considered his 32-year-old aunt rather hot, despite her age. She'd visited him six weeks earlier to see how he had settled into her old college. 

Laura worked from home doing the accounts for a number of small businesses and her 20-year older grumpy husband Arnold Miller was director of building maintenance and alternations for a company that provided warehousing services at several locations in Southern California.

Unfortunately, Laura's 20-year-old stepdaughter Macy wasn't with her mother at the airport to greet Lucas who'd been thinking perhaps he could keep her busy carnally, even if she did have a boyfriend. In his view, that was a bonus for having comely relatives around his age.

"Hi Aunt Laura," said the Horny Toad as she closed in to kiss him on his cheek.

Lucas was tempted to say bravely 'Great boobs' but wisely modified that and said, "Great hairstyle."

"Oh really," the comely Laura said happily, displaying a great line-up of white enamel. 

"Old fuddy-duddy is still moaning he prefers me being all-blonde, just like two-thirds of our female friends."

"Who's old fuddy-duddy?"

"As if you didn't know," she smiled and took his arm and pulled him against her left boob, saying being playfully disrespectful was a quirky habit of hers.

Such unexpected comeliness immediately switched on his motor, prompting Lucas to think that perhaps he might see them hanging free, if only fleetingly, during his full week's stay. After all, he was aware that guys his age with an accelerating interest in tits and pussy, believe they possess the usually ignored right to be immersed in such intimacies.

"Oh darling, this may be a disappointment or perhaps relieved that Macy decided to go to Mexico with her college classmates."

"Darn, it's been three years since Macy and I last met and I was interested in catching up with her um development. But it's okay, at least I'll have you Aunt Laura."

He noticed with surprise that his aunt looked at him rather strangely and the longer their eyes remained locked the more definite her light blush became.

Surely, she wasn't interested him like that when in her mind he was virtually a kid?

"That's a lovely thing to say to me. Oh, and another thing, as you are now a college man, Arnie and I agreed you should stop calling us uncle and aunt."

"Thanks, that makes me feel good being regarded as an adult."

"Well, you do now shave, don't you?"

"Yes, and do you?"

She giggled and said that comment was rather 'fresh' but she expected something like that because his status at college was a freshman.

The Horny Toad, after thinking deeply, smiled and said, "Do you shave?"

Laura looked at him carefully and said yes.

"Thanks for being open about that."

"Why?"

"Um, I guess it's because it confirms you mean to treat me like an adult."

Laura pulled him back against her left breast and sounding smug said, "With your confidence and thickening of the neck and shoulders you're now more of a man than a youth. I guess you chase after females on campus?"

"I make no apologies for such fraternization but one scarcely has to work at it. We are simply adhering to college tradition and even the skinny buck-toothed guys and lanky gals appear to get their share by merely waggling their tongue."

"Ah, that's how it was when I was a student there. For many of us it was our first real experience of total independence, especially females. Have you arranged for your bags to be delivered to our address?"

"No, I decided to travel light which is why I'm wearing a suit and have only one carry-on bag. After all, my stay is for only one week."

His aunt said, "That's clever thinking. I can always lend you some panties if you become short of something to wear."

"Are you flirting with me?"

"No but perhaps that's something to consider."

"What aren't you getting enough sex?"

Laura said sharply, "Stop it Lucas; that's becoming too personal."

He made no effort to apologize and continued the long walk to the car in silence until she said, "You are rather close to the mark and I apologize for being a little sharp."

"It's okay, what you do with your pussy is your business."

She frowned and asked, "What's happened to that rather polite young guy you used to be?"

"I guess that's the corruptive influence of college at work."

"I see, and have your conquests included an assistant professor or two?"

"Nah, too old, but I did nobble a female senior specialist in modern computer security."

"Oh really, and how old was she?"

"Thirty-eight."

"Christ Lucas, that's six years older than me"

He grinned and said he wasn't a guy who completed seductions by numbers, beginning by considering age and added perhaps they should talk about something else.

"Um, okay, but before we switch may I ask what's your opinion of my natural sexiness?"

Lucas said he declined to answer on the grounds she might hit him.

They laughed and he remained neutral as her breast squashed against his upper arm again. He figured it was just a mini-hug and where else was the breast to go, being her most prominent feature at that point of contact.

Laura drove up to a 2-level group of connected town houses and said it was in easy walking distance of the upmarket shops in Montana Ave.

"We were in a condo about two miles from here when you last visited us four years ago. This is closer to the beach and gives us easy access to the inter-state 405 which is actually the northern segment of the San Diego freeway. It's great at off-peak times for Arnie to get to points south."

"Oh, he's home already," she said, driving up to park beside a ruby red Lincoln.

Grumpy (according to Lucas's mom) came out to greet them, giving his wife a peck on the cheek and slapping her ass and he turned to Lucas with a hand outstretched and said warmly, "Hell kid you've stacked on the height and muscle."

"Hi Uncle Arnold, it's good to see you again."

"Drop the uncle bit, you're about entering the men's club. Be trendy like my wife and call me Arnie."

"Okay Arnie, Um mom and dad send their regards."

"Thanks, I get along well with your dad," Arnie said rather pointedly. 

Lucas wondered had his uncle hit on his mom and she smashed the back on her hand into his face.

Although it was cool, being early spring, it was warmer than in mile-high Denver and Lucas changed into shorts and a mid-weight polo and went to the deck to join his hosts.

"We're drinking wine but I can fetch you a beer," Laura said, studying his chest. 

Lucas said wine was fine and Arnie said, "Kid I'd intended to take you tomorrow to golf or perhaps to find a ball game to watch but as I've just told Laura I have to go south in the morning to sort out a mess with an electrical contractor's crew turning in a sub-performance that it likely to tie me up for a good part of the day. Laura will find something to amuse or fascinate you. As you'll know, LA is practically the center of the universe."

While his uncle poured him wine, Lucas leered at his aunt and was disappointed that she looked away. He sighed thinking he shouldn't expect a great strike rate as this wasn't college.

Lucas awoke just before 7:00 hearing someone walking around and a little later heard his uncle drive off and fell asleep.

Later his aunt called that she would fetch him coffee soon and he didn't reply but waited a few minutes and then went to the master bedroom and walked into the bathroom.

Laura, in shower alcove that had no door, looked up at him in surprise.

"Sorry," he lied. "I thought I heard you call out."

"Lucas, fuck off."

Losing confidence, he half-covered his eyes muttering apologies and hurried off.

Damn, perfect timing but he'd goofed by chickening out; she probably had expected him to ignore her command and to stride in the shove a couple of fingers up her and then it would be all on.

Fretting, he began to think negatively, that perhaps had he advanced she would have kneed him in the groin and ordered him out of her home.

"Fucking loser," he muttered

A couple of minutes later she tapped on his door and cooed, "Horney Lucas, I'll be back with coffee shortly."

His heart jumped a couple of beats and his dick stirred. Fuck, judging by her tone she didn't sound at all mad with him at all.

Laura appeared with coffee for two, turning her nephew wide-eyed.

She wore a skirt and sandals and no top; her lovely breasts with erect nipples drooped a little towards the tray she was carrying and that was sufficient to coax his hormones into a canter.

"There, now you're seeing my breasts and I hope this gets you over your fixation on them Lucas. And please get this into your mind: no way will I allow you to fuck me as I value my relationship with your mother."

"Okay, I think I understand."

"Think?"

"I understand," Lucas said sourly.

"Good, and since you are being a gentleman about this, I'll try to arrange a date for you with one of my friends, Carolyn."

"Okay and what's so special about her?"

"She's a recent divorcee and has worn out two husbands and asked me a couple of days ago if she could borrow Arnie and of course I said no. But after your exploratory rude visit to my bathroom, I thought that friend might appreciate being thrown the horny toad who is my nephew. She's suffering and confided to me yesterday morning she's started looking with interest at male dogs."

"Christ Laura," Lucas choked, accepting the cup of coffee being handed to him.

Laura sat on bed and said sweetly, "I wouldn't think there have been any dogs yet. I think Carolyn was just expressing her frustration. She thinks about having sex with the same passion that most women have when talking about jewelry."

Lucas laughed and she said good. He'd regained his humor.

"Do you honestly think that friend of yours would be interested in me and we would be a good match and mutually benefit from any relationship that develops between us?"

"Ooh, be careful darling; you are beginning to sound more like a philanthropic-minded adult than a sexually-focused university freshman wallowing through the acreage of pussy spread out in front of him." 

Lucas looked horrified.

"Relax darling, as being in this early stage descent into becoming a depraved university student, your new status in life has scarcely had time to gained real momentum."

He was suspicious that his aunt was teasing him big time but so what?

"Oh, grumpy, are we? I'll make a concession: no touching from you in return for me jerking you off, using my hand only."

Lucas' humor bounced back. That comment suggested his aunt was one of those females who began tentatively flexible and would become close to offering full sex within three or four progressive 'concessions'. However, he wouldn't bet on that because he knew females thought differently to males. 

"Nah, I have no wish to plunge you into the pit of depravity too quickly. Go and call your friend about me."

"Very well and thanks for your compassion Asshole."

At least she'd smiled, thought Asshole, taking a long and possible last look at her most attractive breasts as she left the bedroom. He had difficulty accepting he'd just turned down a jacking-off offer. How stupid could a guy get?

A few minutes later Laura returned still bare-breasted and leaning against the doorway, with her hands crotch-high as if mimicking a static pussy-spreading pose said slyly, "She's more than interest and will cancel joining a walking group at 10:30."

"Walking group? God, how old is this Carolyn?"

"She turned 34 last month. For your information, it's a group of young divorcees or cast-aside babes, mostly still in shell-shock of being dumped who walk three or four miles on Saturday's discussing social issues and how their lives used to be before their current calamity."

"Oh, for fuck sake."

"Calm down; you'll find Carolyn is well recovered emotionally. Her desperate need is for long, hard, very deep and frequent sex."

Laura's eyes followed Lucas' hand as it instinctively zeroed down to brush against his dick.

"Wash that thing well and shave carefully because she's the kind of female when fully aroused who likes her backside licked."

Without thinking Lucas blurted, "How would you know that."

"Use your imagination Asshole," Laura hissed, indicating she might be a little jealous. "She's preparing lunch for you at her condo. You may take my car and please don't drive it if she fucks you legless."

Laura left Lucas gaping at the space where she'd been standing seconds earlier.

He went to breakfast dressed in his running gear a little nervously but Laura was fine. 

She kissed him sweetly, running her hand lightly in a circular movement over his belly, signaling to him that she was over her jealousy spasm.

"Serve your frittata from the pan; I'm off to change and will run with you to the beach and back and that will be enough for you as heaven knows what's in store for you from Carolyn."

"What, you still run at your age?" Lucas teased.

"Asshole, I'm only thirty-two she hissed and then caught the mocking look.

She kissed him again and walked off, shaking her head. 

They ran at easy pace the twelve blocks to Palisade Park overlooking the beachfront and return, chatting like an aunt and nephew who rarely have been in communication to adjust their relationship now that the nephew was a young adult. They spoke about such things as fitness, their respective families, political unease, climate change and international conflicts, favorite foods and preferred alcohol drinks. Sport, fashion, money and sex weren't mentioned.

Lucas enjoyed the company of Laura as she appeared so relaxed but at 12:15 she underwent a sudden mood change when Lucas appeared all spruced up and wearing a collar shirt and tailored shorts.

"Do I pass muster?" he smiled.

"How the hell would I know," Laura practically snarled, grabbing her car keys and phone.

Caught by surprise, Lucas asked what was wrong.

"Nothing except I'm hopelessly jealous," she said, and ran to the side door.

Lucas was alarmed but what could he do, apart from keeping his head down and mouth shut?

The door banged shut, the car door slammed and the motor roared into life.

Lucas tensed and waited but there was no squealing of brakes or a crash.

He shrugged and began breathing normally. 

Carolyn arrived 10 minutes late in a red Mazda MK5 Miata, looking as if the vehicle had been designed for her. She wore a headscarf and looked over the top of her classy sunglasses, holding them down with a long finger with its nail painted purple and her opening comment gave Lucas some encouragement.

"Christ I wasn't expecting an athletic good-looker like you; I can't believe Laura has assigned you to me."

Lucas warned himself to not blow it and said charmingly, "I'm impressed that you think like that. My aunt indicated she has high regard for you and said I could benefit by associating with her best friend. I had um hoped you'd be nearer my age but it's okay as you look great, and zesty ."

"Zesty?"

"You appear pleasant and my impression is you have zest for life."

"Omigod, what has Laura told you about me?"

"Nothing much. I just asked was there any chance she could fix me up with a date and without hesitation she named you as you'd had some domestic trauma and were ready to resume dating"

"Is that all she said?"

"Yes, I think so. She must have mentioned I was her nephew which means you can't have been expecting an older dude."

"Yes of course," Carolyn said, driving off at speed. "Well I have you for the rest of the day and I guess longer if we desire more time together."

"That would be nice," Lucas said and complimented Carolyn on her choice of vehicle.

"Wheels are wheels Lucas but it has the look. Laura said you are a first-year university student. Um, I hope this question doesn't embarrass you Lucas but may I ask are you sexually active?"

"What, do you mean are you sexually attractive to me?"

Carolyn knuckles on the steering wheel turned white and she gasped, "You have me on the back foot and that's quite unexpected."

Carolyn slowed as they were approaching a major intersection.

"Yeah I could be more than interested Carolyn."

"I-I had intended to work up slowly to this point. I mean I'm approaching um thirty-two."

"Or perhaps a year or two more?"

"Okay, and that doesn't worry you?"

"Christ Carolyn, you are entering your prime. I'd be an idiot if a woman of experience offered to open her legs for me."

"Would you jump out of the car and run if I said I was offering?"

"No, I'd clamp my fingers around your thigh like this."

Carolyn squealed and laughed, saying no one had done that to her in a decade or more.

"Dip a finger into pussy and offer it to me to suck."

Driving across the intersection Carolyn said he'd think she was foul if she did that.

"Oh really?" Lucas drawled, "My thinking it would represent your commitment to allow me to fuck you."

"Omigod," she wheezed.

"Hmmm," Lucas said, after an exaggerated slurp of the offered finger. I'd say premium quality and perhaps uncontaminated with old semen."

The car lurched with Carolyn laughing wildly.

"Once more."

She obliged. 

The small condo with balcony in 17th Street looked a little in need of renovation, rather like Carolyn herself.

"These days I'm only my own and I'm renting at the moment," she said while I get my life back on track. Previously I lived overlooking the beachfront in a luxury block with valet parking."

"Impressing the neighbors and visitors is not everything in life, is it?"

Carolyn looked at her guest and smiled.

Shutting the door, she said, "Okay, that comment relaxes me. What do you wish to do?"

Lucas decided to go slow and eyed her breasts and she cupped the left one.

"A glass of water or something stronger would be fine."

"I'm shattered but am far from being destitute," she sighed. "I'm having a vodka cocktail and you may choose red or white wine or beer or a range of basic spirits."

"A vodka in rocks with a dash of lemon or lime if you have it would be lovely."

"Ah, I have a V-lime with you."

Carolyn sat beside Lucas rather than opposite him and after they'd tasted their drinks she said candidly, "I'm rather loose morally and have been since late in my teens."

"Well we have something in common, I can't wait to get into you," he said softly.

"There are condoms and lube under the cushion behind you," she said.

Toppling over on to her back and wiggling to rest her head on the arm of the 3-seat sofa, she lifted a leg on to the back of the sofa, pulled up her skirt to display bikini panties and said, "Either kiss me or lick me, your choice."

Lucas pushed their drinks to the middle of the table and decided to spread over her and kissed her to avoid Carolyn thinking she was being treated like a whore.

They began, eyes open and staring, into a slow kiss and then without breaking lip contact Carolyn gently pushed against the Lucas's almost completely closed teeth until he yielded as she slowly penetrated her lively tongue into his mouth and they were almost away.

Lucas asked softly did she have a preference for their inaugural session.

"How sweet of you. Yes, I'd like a slow tempo overall, commencing with a slow, slow, quick, quick slow rhythm to give me maximum feeling and peace in once again having the opportunity of hosting occupancy, with a hot invader gliding back and forward along my slippery channel."
