 "It was such a spring day as breathes into a man an ineffable yearning, a painful sweetness, a longing that makes him stand motionless, looking at the leaves or grass, and fling out his arms to embrace he knows not what." 
― John Galsworthy, The Forsyte Saga

It was only the second time seeing her, a few months after our first in-person "reunion" after thirty years of separation, I was still amazed at how good she looked after all these years. Life takes a toll on all of us in this world; none of us is immune, however it seemed that Mother Nature only enhanced the beauty of the twenty-year-old girl I once knew. The gorgeous fifty-year-old woman standing before me had a figure that most thirty-year-old women would observe with green-eyed envy. Motherhood and the passing years having altered the young girl's lean body I remembered to a more voluptuous, womanly silhouette, a little bustier, with a deliciously curvy derriere, while still retaining the beautiful long hair, pretty eyes and sly grin that really tripped my trigger in our younger days. I would unquestionably say that "MILF" would be an apt term to describe this woman and I believe most red-blooded human males would agree.

I myself have never been considered classically handsome, leaning more to the "cute" side of the scale and time might not have been quite as kind to me over the past 30 years, but, my sandy brown hair is only scattered with grey and the salt and pepper beard I wear now gives me a more rugged, mature look compared to the "baby face" I had in my youth. My arms and legs are still fit from working on the farm, I may have let myself go a little bit as far as weight goes, but recently have lost about 30 pounds and am looking and feeling better than I have in years. 

It was a beautiful spring day; a warm breeze carried the scent of blooming wildflowers across the sun-drenched landscape as I had walked towards her front door. I greeted her with a big bear hug and a quick kiss after she had opened her door and welcomed me in. She immediately started showing me around her place and the many changes and improvements she had made since my last visit. She showed me the peach trees that were blooming, and we walked down to the creek in the back where she often hunted for rose rocks and fossils. We walked hand in hand amongst the trees by the creek, enjoying the warmth of the sun on the skin of our arms and faces, and the sight of the deep blue sky flecked with the occasional wispy white cloud. 

She was constantly stopping and picking up rocks here and there peering at them intently and pointing out to me where there may be fossilized animals or other organic matter embedded in the stones. I was impressed at her knowledge of geology and her ability to find such things during our short stroll thru the woods, her enthusiasm on the subject was apparent and contagious. Her eyes would light up at each new find and she would explain each one with a big grin on her face like a kid who just got a new toy for her birthday. We ambled leisurely from one spot to the next between the trees while the sun filtered thru the branches of the oaks overhead giving the grass and rocky dirt patches a dappled appearance.

She spoke about her plans for a vegetable garden and asked about my garden plans and how my farm and orchard was doing this spring. We discussed old mutual friends and their current circumstances in life and made plans to contact them to get together and reminisce. It was a relaxing and comfortable afternoon together, where we just enjoyed the outdoors and spent time getting to know each other all over again. As the springtime sun got lower on the horizon and the temperature began to cool, we wandered our way back thru the trees waving in the late afternoon breeze back to her house to get a few drinks after our little hike.

We went inside the house and she turned on the stereo and played a classic 80's southern rock mix of songs from bands like ZZ Top, Molly Hatchet, 38 Special and Kansas that really took us back and reminded us of a lot of good memories of our youth back when we were dating all those years ago. We kept talking and I followed her to the kitchen and watched her fix us a snack, fascinated as I observed her lithe figure swaying in time to the music as she was preparing the food. We sat on the couch in the living room and ate sparingly as we talked and laughed; sipping on a couple of ice-cold beers and enjoying each other's company and the music in the background of our conversation. 

A slow rock ballad by Lynyrd Skynyrd called "I Need You" came on the stereo at a pause in our discussion and I took her hand in mine and led her from the couch to an open space on the living room floor. I put my arms around her and held her tight as we rocked to and fro with the music for a while saying nothing. I just relished the feeling of the moment, kissed her lightly on the cheek several times, then moved my lips to her neck, kissing her there as well as I reveled in the smell of her hair and her perfume. The warmth of her skin against mine was invigorating and the music seemed to wash over our bodies like warm waves of water lapping at the ocean shore.

The slow song on the stereo ended and another upbeat rock hit from the past started playing and the magic of the moment was somewhat broken, we disengaged from our embrace and I led her back to the couch so she could sit back down. My hands were a little sweaty and I for one needed another drink, so I went back to the kitchen and got us both a fresh bottle of beer. When I returned with the new drinks, I sat back down and we both lit up cigarettes, and started drinking again, talking and holding hands occasionally, intertwining our fingers and enjoying each other's presence. When we were about two thirds done with our second beers, she set hers down and took my hand in hers, kissed me on the lips and urged me up off of the couch looking at me slyly, I stood up thinking she wanted to dance again but I was confused because the music playing was pretty fast and was not something you would normally dance to. 

She led me across the floor over to the stereo and she turned the music down low, then led me across the room and down the hallway to her bedroom. My heart began to pound in my chest a little; I had not anticipated this and was somewhat unnerved. She sensed my hesitation and looked back at me shyly with that infectious grin on her face; her eyelids slightly closed and pulled on my hand harder. I knew in that moment I was done for. I also knew that somehow the Gods were smiling on me that evening, for that look in her big brown eyes promised pleasures I had not yet even begun to dream of.

She let go of my hand as we entered the bedroom and she walked towards the head of the bed, and then turned around quickly to face me shooting me a smoldering gaze that stopped me dead in my tracks. She stared at me in an almost defiant manner and quickly began unbuttoning her blouse, revealing her pert, bra-covered breasts and the cutely freckled cleavage between them. I was still standing there somewhat stunned, when she undid the button at her waist and her faded blue jeans dropped straight to the floor. The shock of her unveiling those gorgeous long, shapely legs interrupted my stunned reverie and I quickly attempted to unbutton my shirt, which in hindsight was stupid since I was wearing a t-shirt at the time. Once my somewhat flummoxed brain circuitry realized this, I changed tactics and pulled the shirt up over my head, struggling to remove my arms from the sleeves.

By the time I got my shirt removed and threw it to the floor, I looked back towards the head of the bed just in time to see her bra cups fall forward revealing a spectacular set of smooth, pale breasts. I paused to admire her stunning figure standing there in nothing more than a thong; I just couldn't believe this was happening, now after thirty years. She giggled a bit and I realized I must have stood there staring too long with a stupid look on my face, I picked my jaw off of the ground, shook my head and kicked off my shoes and jeans finally and headed towards her, my arms reaching around embracing her waist and I lowered my head towards hers and kissed her slowly and deeply using up what little oxygen I had left.

We kissed passionately for several minutes, at first slowly and deliberately, and then as our mutual desire intensified, we began forays back and forth with our tongues intertwining. My mind was reeling; it had been so long since I felt this kind of overwhelming lust. I think all the blood was rushing away from my brain. It felt like my erection was pushing out my boxer briefs so far, that if I turned the wrong way, I could knock over the night stand. I moved my hands from her waist and back down to her butt and gave it a big squeeze; her buns were so smooth, firm and hot. The tempo of our kisses kept increasing till both of us were almost completely out of breath and we paused to recuperate for a few seconds, gazing in each other's eyes. Her face was flushed, and I know I had a big grin on my face that would not go away; as I strained to slow down my breathing, she quickly lowered her hands to my boxer briefs pulling them down to my ankles with some difficulty due to my hard-on getting hung up briefly in the waistband on the way to the floor.

She knelt on the floor at my feet and looked up into my eyes while grabbing my shaft with one hand and my right butt cheek with the other. The blood in my veins felt like it was on fire at this point until she tentatively extended her tongue out of her mouth and gently licked the head and underneath side of my cock. It had happened so fast I almost thought I had imagined it, suddenly I felt her warm lips and wet mouth pass over the head of my dick and part of the way down the shaft. She bobbed up and down on me several times while stroking my shaft with a twisting motion of her hand that was beginning to drive me crazy. Her other hand let go of my butt cheek she had been using to steady herself by grabbing and moved to cup my balls.

I felt her lightly running her fingernails across my testicles which took my attention away slightly from the incredible feeling of her mouth sucking on my prick. It had been a very long time since I've received a blow job, not to mention one like this. I couldn't let this go on too much longer or I was going to pop and there would have to be some recuperation time involved that I couldn't afford right now. After a short series of fantastic hand strokes and amazing tongue work on her part that was about to make me explode, I exclaimed, "Oh God, you have to stop" and I gently placed my hands on her head and lifted her off of my dick slowly, she kept sucking on the way off and there was a slight pop noise as my prick came out of her mouth.

She looked up at me and grinned like the Cheshire cat, as I placed my hands under her arms and lifted her from her kneeling position and placed her on her back in the middle of the bed. I whispered to her quietly, "It's your turn now" as I joined her on the bed. I kissed her fervently for a minute or two on the mouth that had so recently given me so much pleasure and then worked my way over to kiss her neck with a gentle nip and a little tongue on her right ear lobe. I slowly moved my way down with kisses to the hollow of her neck, then across to her left shoulder working my way down to her left nipple.

While licking and kissing her left nipple I tweaked her right nipple with my fingers, causing it to become taut and swollen. I gently nipped her left nipple between my teeth and rolled it around with my tongue for a bit moistening it with my saliva. She arched her back slightly and let out a barely audible whimper as I left her nipples unattended, moving my lips down her stomach trailing kisses until I reached her navel. As I kissed and tongued her belly button, I used my right hand to grab her thong and slowly peeled it down and off her legs. 

After tossing her thong across the room, I moved my head down from her navel, tickling her thighs with the hair from my beard, slowly passing over her pussy; I inhaled her light, fragrant feminine musk which betrayed her excitement and I took turns kissing each of her inner thighs lightly, working down to her delicious calves and back up to her upper thighs. I paused for a second as I gazed at her pussy, seeing a bit of moisture on her outer lips like the morning dew on the petals of a beautiful flower. I extended my tongue to taste her moist essence, gliding it along her lips and furrowing between her inner petals reveling in the sweet taste of her juices. I avoided direct stimulation of her clitoris at first, always coming near, then veering away at the last second, trying to slowly build her anticipation. 

She began grasping at the sheets on the bed with her hands as if to twist them into submission, until she abruptly let the sheets go and with both hands, gripped the back of my head and moved it forcefully causing my tongue to directly contact her clit. When that happened, she jumped a bit like she had been shocked, and I gently stimulated it round and round with my tongue. I then flattened my tongue and used several broad strokes to lick from the bottom of her pussy to end on her clit a few times before capturing it delicately between my lips, humming slightly and moving my lips back and forth. I repeated this sequence several times, ignoring her clit for a while only to go back and repeat the direct stimulation, while varying the intensity, pressure and the volume of my humming. 

Her legs began to shake a little, and her hands abandoned trying to guide my head movements, ineffectually grasping at my hair. I looked up from my endeavors and saw her eyes were pinched shut and she was shaking her head back and forth on the pillow erratically, when I lowered my eyes and deliberately sucked hard on her clit one last time, I felt her arch her back, halfway sit-up in bed and heard her exclaim, "I'm coming"! She fell back flat on the bed after her orgasm, her breath coming in ragged gasps. I slowly and carefully removed my face from between her legs giving her light kisses on her thighs, before reversing my former path trailing slow, gentle kisses from her stomach, to her navel, up to her breasts. 

I watched her breasts heave up and down while she continued to gulp air, slowly catching her breath as her body gradually recovered from its high intensity sexual release. I gave each of her nipples a little peck with my lips, before moving back up to her neck and kissing her there allowing her to recover her breath. I sensed after a few moments that her breathing was almost back to normal. I turned my head away from her neck to look at her face which was flushed and dotted with perspiration, after a few seconds she opened her eyes and gazed at me, I leaned over her face, captured her lips in mine and kissed her passionately, joyous in the thought that I was able to cause her this much pleasure.

I wrapped my arms around her and rolled her, so she was kind of half laying on my left side and my chest as we kissed and whispered sweet nothings to each other for a while, relishing in her post-orgasmic bliss. I caressed her shoulder with my left hand and idly trailed the fingers on my right hand lightly up and down her left side; adding in the occasional light pat and squeeze to the soft skin of her sweet butt, loving the way it yielded to my touch. My hard on, which had softened somewhat while I was concentrating on her pleasure, was beginning to make itself known again. She delightfully discovered this fact and started toying with it slowly, caressing it with her fingers at first and then grasping it with her whole hand, stroking my hard rod gently. My cock was stiff as a post now and was throbbing achingly. I gently removed her hand and turned her onto her back. I moved my pelvis between her outspread legs and guided my dick to softly rub her pussy up and down a few times, gliding it back and forth between her slick lips. 

As my cock travelled down from the apex of her pussy for the fourth time, I used my fingers to exert some downward pressure and slowly pushed my hips forward slightly. Her legs spread wider and her moist channel slowly enveloped my dick a little bit at a time. I withdrew slightly, and pushed my hips forward deeper, repeating these actions until I was fully engulfed in the wetness of her sex. I paused a few seconds allowing her to accommodate my intrusion into her body; the wet, tight, velvety feeling was incredible, and I almost never wanted to move again. Coming to my senses, I slowly withdrew almost fully, then stroked forward again into the depths of her insides; gradually I began increasing the tempo of my hip movements, thrusting my cock in and out of her luscious cunt repeatedly. I kissed her neck and her lips a few times then began adding a little rotation to my hips as I continued to make love to her, varying the speed and direction of my thrusts.

My body was on fire at this point, every atom of my being seemed to be vibrating at twice the normal frequency; I could feel the sweat beading on my forehead and my upper lip. I looked at her face and saw that her eyes were closed, and she was slightly biting her lower lip making a face that could be described as delicious agony. I heard her making a low noise in her throat, something between a purr and a growl, which spurred me on as I returned to long, deep, forceful thrusts, slower at first, gradually increasing the pace as I continued. I removed my arms from under hers, raising myself up more on my knees and lifted her legs slightly in the air, adjusting my angle of thrust attempting to stimulate her G-spot with the head of my prick as it travelled back and forth within the inner walls of her pussy.

I could feel the pressure building within me, the pleasure I felt from her slippery sex threatened to overwhelm my senses; her pussy seemed to cling and grip at my prick every time I withdrew only to relax and welcome it with a warm, enveloping embrace upon each return thrust. She grabbed me at the waist and was alternately pulling me towards her and pushing me away from her as I stroked in and out of her hot cunt. I knew that I wouldn't, in fact couldn't last much longer; I felt this intense knot of desire building within, the tempo of my thrust increasing in speed without me having any control, like an unregulated runaway nuclear reaction. She clutched at my back with her hands traveling up and down with her nails scraping along, while letting out a slight groan that increased in pitch at the end; perhaps signaling her own impending climax.

Her actions seemed to spur on my own, as I felt my testicles draw up tight and close to my body, my dick felt hard like granite and seemed to have swollen to epic proportions, I thrust as deep as I possibly could into her pussy, grabbing her ass with both hands and pulling her tight as my prick exploded; once, twice, three times shooting my cum into the depths of her womb. My leg muscles were contracting so hard I couldn't move if I had wanted to, my eyes were locked tightly shut but I still saw stars or lights or something beneath my lids. I cried out, "Oh God", and after a few seconds my legs gave way and I could barely hold myself up. Rather than collapsing on top of her and crushing her with my weight, I lowered her legs back down while staying inside of her, then rolled her on top of me, laying her head on my shoulder as her legs straddled mine. I lay on my back; shamefully sucking in great lungsful of air, trying to catch my breath as I stared at the ceiling and caressed the silky-smooth skin of her back and butt with my rough hands. My formerly inflexible member remained nestled in her sex but was now slowly losing its rigidity as we both gradually recovered from our physical exertions.
