 Chapter 23 -- Jack of All Trades

The next morning I woke up early with a great deal of energy. My eyes seemed to spring open and they were not going to close again, that was very evident after laying in bed for about 15 minutes trying to go back to sleep. Vivian was still very much asleep next to me, so I gingerly climbed out of bed and headed downstairs.

I had a large cup of coffee and then used my abundance of energy to be productive around the house. I washed all of the dishes in the sink, put on a load of laundry that was near the machine and cleaned out some old items from the refrigerator. I sat down at the table with my second cup of coffee that morning when Penny made her way downstairs. She sat at the table, directly across from me. She helped herself to a sip of my coffee, which I promptly surrendered to her in its entirety.

"Good morning, sunshine," I leaned across the table and whispered to her.

She smiled wide and stared at me adoringly.

"How was the shower," I asked politely.

"Oh boy, did you miss a show and a half," Penny informed me.

"Really," I said, rather surprised. "What did I miss?"

"Let's see, where do I start," she pondered aloud.

"There was that much going on," I questioned, now quite confused but intrigued.

"Oh yeah," Penny laughed. "Nikki's mom and Monica's mom got into a pissing contest about who spent more money on gifts. It was classic and Nikki was really angry."

"Families make things tough," I remarked. "How did that end up?"

"Nikki's dad showed up at the end and fixed everything," she explained. "He always does whatever he has to for Nikki. It's a fantastic bond they share. When he changed all his business plans to make sure he was there for the wedding, after being so hard on her when she said she wanted to marry Monica, things changed between them. They are really in sync these days. I'm jealous."

"Don't be jealous," I commented. "Be happy for Nikki and proud of yourself. Trust me; it's less painful that way. So, it sounds like everything worked out alright."

"Yeah, but that was just the first thing," she continued. "Monica's sister broke her ankle."

"How in the hell did that happen," I inquired with full interest and attention.

"Well, she kept talking about Mindy's shoes all day," Penny began. "Mindy was wearing a pair of six-inch patent leather pumps with small platforms in the front. Dianne was commenting how sexy there were and how she had to get a pair. She mentioned that they were the same shoe size, so Mindy let her try them on later in the day and after a few steps, she went down, hard. Needless to say, off to the hospital she went, during the gifts. Charming."

"I'm glad she's not hurt too bad, but I have to admit, that's actually pretty funny," I stated. "Still not too bad."

"Well, you might change your mind after you hear this one," Penny corrected me. "Jack showed up. He came in looking for Emma and when he couldn't find her, he flipped his lid. He said she was off fucking you and that she was a whore. He accused each of us of covering for her and called us all home wreckers. He was making an awful scene until Emma came out of the ladies room. She grabbed him by the collar and dragged him out the door. I am sure it was ugly after that. Things there are very bad."

"Shit," I exclaimed. "That is one messy situation."

"No kidding," Penny agreed. "He is such a jackass. I don't know why she stays with him."

"That is her choice," I told her. "Bill said something to me once about Jack making Emma happy. He didn't go into detail but I have a feeling it has something to do with their game. Besides, I think there is more to it than meets the eyes. Something is telling me that Jack did not put this puzzle together all by himself."

"You think someone is in Jack's ear," she asked.

"Either consistently or someone simply planted a seed in his head that something wasn't right and he is running with it," I expounded. "It feels very contrived for me to accept everything we are seeing at face value."

"I don't like him to begin with and he isn't all that bright," Penny admitted. "Who would tell him such a thing? It's really none of anyone else's business anyway."

"True, but when has that ever stopped people from talking," I rationalized. "It could be anyone who senses something is out of place with all of us. I think we both have the same thought as to who could ultimately be behind such a thing."

"She wouldn't dare," Penny exclaimed. "We have an agreement."

"Do you think that would stop her if she smelled blood in the water," I asked her rhetorically. "Anyway, why don't we help Emma out and put Jack's mind at ease?"

"How do you suggest we do that," she inquired as she sipped her coffee.

"Set him up," I answered clearly.

"Set him up," she repeated inquisitively.

"Set him up," I said again. "Have him come to the office and find me and you screwing. Visual evidence that I am not doing his wife."

"I like how you are thinking," Penny complimented me. "But I think we can do better than that."

"How so," I asked, now very fascinated with her new train of thought.

"Let's have him find you with someone else," she announced. "This way he thinks you are sneaking around and trying to keep me from finding out that you are banging someone else."

"Wow, I am impressed," I confessed. "That is a very good idea. So who is it going to be?"

"Let me decide," she said. "It will all become clear to you at the appropriate time."

I knew she was on her game when her mind worked like this. She was magical. We spent the rest of the day hanging out and doing a lot of nothing. 

Work the next day was buzzing with the events of the shower. Emma spent most of her day in meetings and the rest with her office door closed. I felt for her and hoped that we could help. I focused on work and tried to stay out of everyone's way over the next two days. It was at the end of the work day on Wednesday before I even had a chance to see Emma. She tapped lightly on my open office door to get my attention as my head was buried in the papers on my desk. It was after 6pm and she had her briefcase in her hand.

"I'm catching a ride home with Penny," she said to me. "Have a good night."

"You too," I called cordially as she turned and headed for the front door.

I put my head down and went back to the statements I was reviewing. I noticed out of my peripherals that her frame had moved back into the doorway. I picked my head up again and was surprised to find Penny, not Emma, standing there.

"See you at home later," she acknowledged. "Jack is coming here to pick Emma up in a little while."

I thought about that for a moment. I opened my mouth to respond but Penny was already ¾ of the way across the office. She disappeared out the front door and I went back to work yet again. Her last remark was still running through my head. It made no sense, but then again, it made all the sense in the world. I continued working until another shadow filled my open door. I looked up, very much expecting to see Jack.

"You look like you are working hard," Brooke remarked as she stood there.

She looked very nice as I scanned her frame with my eyes. She had on a black jacket and skirt suit with an electric blue blouse and black pumps. I was taken aback by how sexy she was to me at that moment. Actually, Brooke was sexy to me at almost every moment. Her smile was like coming home.

"How was your day," I asked her.

"Boring," she disclosed. "I spent it at two closings. Big deal. I am hoping my evening will be a little better though."

"Really, do you have plans," I inquired casually.

"As a matter of fact, I do," she admitted.

She stepped into my office and took off her jacket. She dropped it nonchalantly onto one of the guest chairs in front of my desk. She looked at me with lust filled eyes as she unbuttoned the top button of her blouse. I leaned back in my chair to watch carefully as she continued. 

Brooke undid the next button on her blouse, followed by the next. She worked her way slowly down to the last button before turning away from me. She let her blouse fall off her shoulders and slide down her smooth arms before it fell slowly, like a feather, to the floor. The arch in the small of her back was the perfect curve of a woman. At that moment she was more classically beautiful that any Greek sculpture. She reached up and unhooked her bra, letting it fall as well. 

She turned back to me, her gorgeous and firm tits free for me to behold. She walked slowly around my desk and stood over me in my chair. She sat herself on my desk in front of me as my dick began to respond heavily to the heat that was coming from her. Brooke slowly hiked up her skirt so that her uncovered pussy was visible from where I was sitting. She seductively ran two fingers across her lips and clit.

I grinned selfishly as I stared at Brooke. She leaned forward and undid my belt. She slid herself off of my desk and pulled my pants down past my knees. My throbbing cock sprang forward as I leaned back in my chair. Brooke threw one leg over my right hip and then her other leg over my left hip. Like a woman possessed, she kissed me firmly as I reached around her midsection and grabbed her fantastic ass with both hands. 

We continued to kiss as I guided my stiff pole to her extremely moist opening. I inserted myself inside of her, causing her to gasp. I kissed her again as I pushed my entire length into her hole. Brooke purred seductively as our hips began to move in unison. We rocked back and forth in my chair as our bodies continued to meld together. The vein on the underside of my meatstick was pulsating wildly as I penetrated her box repeatedly. She held my face in her hands and kissed me repeatedly, one peck at a time.

Our pace picked up as lust overtook us. Brooke kissed my neck and nibbled on my ear. I fondled and sucked on her beautiful breasts as we fucked intensely. She was now moving up and down on top of me intensely, thrusting herself down onto my cock forcefully. Brooke moaned as we continued and I felt my own climax building until we were interrupted.

"What the fuck is going on here," an angry voice growled at us from the doorway of my office.

I was startled to see Jack standing there staring at us. I knew he was coming to the office but had gotten very lost in the heat of the moments Brooke and I were sharing. Brooke bolted off of me and stood behind my chair as an attempt to cover her exposed body. I pulled up my pants and tucked my prick away. I stood and ushered Jack out of my office into the main part of our suite.

"Can I help you with something, Jack," I asked him firmly.

"Where the fuck is Emma," Jack screamed at me.

"She left a little while ago," I told him calmly.

"Left with who," he barked. "She didn't have a car."

"She got a ride with Penny," I informed him in my most normal of tones, although a part of me wanted to really lay into him.

"Oh," was his only response.

He looked confused.

"If you could not mention what you saw to Penny, I would appreciate that," I requested of him.

"I see," he said, his tone now visibly calmer. "When I saw the blonde hair I initially thought it was Emma."

"Sounds like you have a lot on your mind," I commented carefully. 

I wanted to hammer him for being a douchebag, but this was a man-to-man moment, so I let him off the hook.

"I think I just need some sleep," he remarked in a very macho tone, trying to cover up the real issues he was having. "Besides, you have your hands full."

I nodded and Jack turned to leave. He strolled across the office and out the front door without another word. I couldn't help but laugh to myself as I returned to my office. Brooke was now sitting in my chair, smiling at me.

"Mission accomplished," I stated.

"Not quite," she corrected me as she stood up and made her way over to me.

Brooke threw her arms around my neck and kissed me. It was a beautiful kiss and I wrapped my arms around her tightly. I leaned back and lifted her slightly off the ground in my arms. I quickly put her down and backed her up against my desk. Brooke lifted herself onto my desk and laid back. She spread her legs wide for me as I gazed into her gorgeous blue eyes.

"Finish what you started," she urged.

I wasted no time in dropping my pants once again. My cock sprang free as my pants hit the floor. I pressed my still firm, sticky member to her opening and injected myself inside her again. She felt amazing and I groaned loudly as I drove my dick entirely into her very wet pussy. I grabbed her thighs as she closed her legs and threw them both over my left shoulder. I pulled her to me as I inserted my prick again and again. Her wetness swallowed my rod over and over as I worked in and out of her vagina.

I breathed heavily as I fucked her harder. I crashed into her flesh time after time with great force. Brooke began to squeal and squirm on my desk as I pounded her box relentlessly with my rock hard pole. She screamed loudly several times as she came. She shook violently underneath me as I continued ramming myself into her flooded opening. I stared directly into her eyes as I hammered her hole brutally with my cock.

I couldn't get enough of fucking her at that moment. I growled loudly as I battered her pussy with my shaft. I plunged my length into her viciously as she continued to cry out. I ejaculated inside her walls suddenly. I released jet after jet of fluid into her gash until I had none left to give. I filled her with my spunk before crashing onto one of the guest chairs behind me.

Neither of us moved for what felt like a long while. Finally Brooke sat up and pulled herself off of my desk. She adjusted her skirt and collected her scattered clothing. I sat there and watched as she dressed. She was stunning. I couldn't peel my eyes away from her as she buttoned up her blouse.

"What are you staring at," she asked pleasantly.

"Just an angel," I replied. "An angel that moves me."

"Or at least moves a part of you," she laughed in response.

"That's not what I meant at all," I advised her.

"I know," she acknowledged. "But now is not the time to get mushy."

"Why not," I postured.

She looked at me adoringly before changing her gaze to a devious smile. She walked towards me as she threw her jacket over her shoulder. She leaned down and kissed me on the mouth deeply before exiting my office. I heard her walk across the suite and out the front door. I smiled as I sat there thinking of her.

I collected myself, redressing and clearing my head before shutting down the office for the night. I headed out to my car to find that someone was waiting for me.

"That was well orchestrated," Sienna said as she leaned against my car.

"I thought so," I agreed as I moved past her and opened the driver's door.

"Not happy to see me," she asked rhetorically. "It's been too long, don't you think?"

"I thought we had an understanding," I reminded her. "Don't you think poisoning Jack's mind violated that understanding?"

"I see your point, and I would agree with you if I was still in charge of my own game," she said. "But I have been replaced. Times change, as you know."

I climbed into my car and started the engine. I shut the door and rolled down the window. Sienna looked at me curiously.

"Tell your sister Kylie we all said 'Game On,'" I instructed her.

Sienna's face dropped and she stared at me in utter disbelief.

"How did you know," she questioned cautiously.

Her mouth was agape with complete shock. I knew I had rattled her by having that information. I had waited for this moment but I never imagined it would be this satisfying. I liked rattling her cage. It gave me a sense of striking back for all of the times she had struck out at us. I had struck a blow to her ego and she deserved it. I only wished that Emma could have been there to see it.

"If you push, be prepared for us, all of us, to push back," I scolded her.

"I don't know about that," she countered. "You always seemed to take a punch real well."

"Times change, as you know," I quoted her words to her. "I am sure that our dealings are far from over, but tell your sister that it's in her best interest to leave Jack out of this."

I put the car in drive and began to pull away. I only went a few feet and then I stopped. I leaned my head out the window and looked back at her.

"By the way, if you are still here in ten minutes, I will have your ass arrested for trespassing," I yelled to her before speeding off towards home.