 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me. Your opinions are welcome but your attacks are not. 

*

Kirsten and I had worked together for several years before she'd decided to go back to school. We'd stayed in touch mostly through social media as she'd worked toward and received her master's degree then had opened her own small firm while I'd remained at the same big corporation. There had been a number of times that we'd talked about using her as a subconsultant on one of our jobs and it looked like we'd finally found one that might just work. Since the job was in Fort Collins, I'd driven the company car up from Denver to attend the pre-proposal meeting and picked her up outside her Loveland office on the way. She looked very professional in her jacket and skirt but not overly so since she was not wearing stockings and was wearing sandals. The City of Fort Collins was pretty casual, anyway, so I hadn't even worn a tie.

Kirsten was thin and athletic with brown hair and perky tits that were hidden within her jacket as she sat adjacent to me in the passenger seat. When we'd been working together, I'd definitely checked out her figure plenty, including her perky tits and her sweet ass, depending on what she'd been wearing on any given day. I'd never given her any indication that I appreciated her physical appearance since we'd been coworkers and that kind of thing is discouraged in corporate America. Since then, though, I'd contemplated flirting a bit more obviously but it can get awkward through social media and the distance between us didn't give us much opportunity to get together casually to see if she was giving off any signals. So I obviously wasn't intent on getting something going with her but I definitely wouldn't turn down an opportunity that presented itself.

As we drove up to Fort Collins, I didn't have much time to think more about it, though I'd done plenty between Denver and Loveland. We caught up and reminisced while, in person, I was reminded just exactly how interested in her that I was. I figured I'd just keep my eyes open to see if I got anything that suggested she felt likewise while trying to keep things as professional as possible. The meeting confirmed the potential of this project as a teaming effort between the big corporation I worked for and Kirsten's small LLC. The drive back to her office was an enthusiastic discussion of how she could be utilized and what we needed to do to win the project. When we were back in Loveland and approaching her office, she suggested that I park and come up since I hadn't seen it yet and so we could continue our discussion.

I angled into a parking space near the door to her office and we hopped out. She unlocked the office door, revealing a stairwell which I then proceeded to follow her up. It took everything in me not to reach out for that ass, wrapped in her skirt, as she walked up the stairs ahead of me but it did encourage me to at least take an opportunity to make a move if one presented itself. As it turned out, it wasn't necessary.

At the top of the stairs, Kirsten showed me around her office, which included a conference room to the right, her desk to the left and a bathroom and a kitchenette straight back. Both the conference room and her "office" had windows that looked out onto the street so I was looking out the ones near her desk as she checked to see if she had any messages or critical email. When I turned back toward her, I found her looking at me and, as though she suddenly made a decision to go for it, she threw her arms around my neck. Her lips met mine as my hands went to her waist and, as our tongues began to explore each other's mouths, my hands slipped down to her ass. As I ran my hands over it, I pulled her against the growing bulge in my slacks.

Her skirt was snug enough to showcase her ass but loose enough that I easily started working it up as we continued making out. As I caressed her ass cheeks through just her panties, she removed her arms from around my neck and reached down to begin unfastening my belt. We moved apart enough to allow her to more easily get my pants open though my hands remained on her toned ass. Once my pants had dropped to my ankles, though, Kirsten caressed my throbbing cock through my briefs before pulling her mouth from mine.

"Sit down," she gasped as she yanked my briefs down, my rigid cock springing out. As I worked my briefs further down while turning to sit in her desk chair, she reached up under her skirt and slid her panties down. She kicked off her sandals then stepped out of her panties, setting them aside on her desk. She hiked her skirt up to her waist, revealing a nicely trimmed brown bush, as she climbed up on the chair to straddle me. I held her waist to steady her as she reached down to grasp my tool in her cool, smooth hand, guiding it to her pussy then lowering herself down onto it. We both moaned as her hot, slippery pussy engulfed my throbbing tool then, as she started to slowly move up and down on it while holding the back of the chair, I moved my hands around to caress the bare flesh of her ass. She brought her lips to mine again and we resumed making out as she rode my cock.

Her pussy was incredibly hot and wet which had me wondering how much she'd been thinking about doing this or whether it was just always like that. It felt absolutely outstanding and, the longer she rode me, it incredibly continued to feel even better. I savored the feel of it moving up and down my tool as I squeezed and caressed her sweet ass, letting her control the pace. She'd started out slow and steady but was riding me harder and faster as her pussy was feeling even wetter and more engorged. I thought about the fact that her perky titties were probably bouncing like crazy even still confined within her bra but, when I considered trying to open her blouse to free them, I was afraid of throwing off the rhythm she had going. Since I was getting the impression that she was already pretty close to cumming, I certainly didn't want to do that, but I was definitely planning to get a look at them and get my hands on them when the time was right.

It didn't surprise me when Kirsten pulled her mouth away from mine and was moaning almost continuously but I was glad the windows were not open. In fact, if anyone walked in off the street, they'd know exactly what was going on as soon as they opened the door at the bottom of the stairs. Since Kirsten didn't seem worried about it, though, I didn't worry about it either. Instead, I continued to enjoy the feel of her pussy sliding up and down my tool until she sat down hard and gasped as her entire body trembled. Her orgasm appeared to be long and intense so I just waited until she'd ridden it out then, when she'd opened her eyes again and leaned in to kiss me, I started to stand. With my cock still embedded in her, I lifted her and set her down on her desktop. Rather than resuming fucking her, I started to unbutton her blouse as I slipped my cock out of her. I ran my hands over her tits, feeling her hard nipples pressing against the cups of her bra, then unfastened the front clasp. As I separated the cups, I was looking at her perky tits as they were revealed along with her small, pink areolas and her thin, hard nipples. I caressed the bare flesh as she reached down to stroke my still rigid cock but soon lowered my head to lick and suck her nipples, taking my cock out of her reach.

She moaned and ran her fingers through my hair as I orally stimulated her nipples while still caressing the soft, smooth flesh of her tits. I started to nudge her backwards as I ultimately started kissing my way down from her tits, over her flat abdomen and toward her pussy. I sat down again as she spread her legs for me and admired her trim, brown bush before kissing my way toward it along her smooth inner thighs. When I reached her pussy, I ran my tongue up her slit, tasting her pungent juices and causing her to moan. I glanced up as I lapped at her pussy to see her gently pulling and stroking her hard nipples. I was pretty certain that it wouldn't take much to get her to cum again and I wanted to slip my cock back into her so, after I'd licked up her juices for a bit, I slipped a finger into her and started to lick and suck her clit.

She started moaning louder again and her hips were subtly rocking in time with my licking and the pumping of my finger. She'd been overflowing with juices from her first orgasm but I could once again feel her pussy becoming wetter and more engorged the longer I ate her. Although most of my thoughts about Kirsten had been imagining how she'd look naked and how it would feel to slip my cock into her, I had certainly given consideration to what it would be like to eat her pussy. Having my face buried between her thighs was everything I'd hoped it would be and more and the fact that she was verging on a second orgasm was even better. Fantasizing about her naked was all about me but being there with her, though I was certainly appreciating the opportunity, it really was all about pleasuring her first and foremost.

She reached down to grab my head and hold my face against her pussy as she forced it toward my face while I continued to devour it. She was tensing up as she got closer and closer to cumming then finally went limp and started trembling as her orgasm washed over her. I didn't stop eating her, lapping up even more of her pungent nectar and hopefully extending her orgasm even longer. I finally raised my head only once she'd let go of it and had let out a long sigh. I sucked her juices off my finger as I stood again then, as I looked over her exposed tits and pussy, I took my cock in hand and guided it back to her pussy. I rubbed the head against her lips then eased it inside as we both moaned.

She'd had her feet on the armrests of her chair as I'd been eating her pussy but, when I stood up, her chair had rolled farther away. She raised her legs and I hooked them over my arms with my hands on her upper thighs as I started to slowly fuck her again. This kept her from sliding away from me across her desktop and allowed me to penetrate her with long, full strokes of my cock. Once again I was savoring the feel of her hot, wet pussy as I slid my cock in and out of it and fucking her exceeded my expectations in every way. She had her hands on her tits, caressing her hard nipples, so they were blocked from my view but I could still look down at her trim bush as my cock was probing her pussy just below it. As my hips were tapping against her ass, it occurred to me that I hadn't gotten a look at it since she'd shed her panties and that I wanted to make sure I did so. It wasn't enough to distract me from the pleasure I was feeling as I fucked her, but I did realize that I could fuck her and admire her bare ass simultaneously.

When I let go of her legs and slipped out of her, she looked at me inquisitively until I started to roll her to one side. She got her feet planted on the floor as I held her skirt up at her waist while her bare ass came into view. It was so fucking amazing that I had to run my hands over it as she rested her head on one arm on the desktop, moving back enough that her tits were pointed toward the floor. I guided my cock back into her and started to slowly fuck her, my hands starting on her waist but soon moving back down to caress her ass. She appeared to reach down between her legs, presumably to stroke her clit.

While I was fixated on her ass, she was starting to push back against my slow thrusts, clearly wanting to be fucked harder and faster. I acquiesced and brought my hands briefly back to her waist until I had a faster rhythm going. Knowing that this pace probably had her titties swinging, I reached up and cupped them, her hard nipples brushing against my palms. She was moaning louder again as she continued to push back against my thrusting and, I was assuming, continued to stroke her clit. Her pussy was becoming wetter and more engorged again, which suggested to me that she was on the verge of yet another orgasm. While I would like to have assumed credit for getting her to the verge of her third orgasm, I knew that she was not only helping herself along but also just appeared to be really prone to cumming pretty easily. Of course if part of that was that she was worked up by the idea of being with me, then I knew that this was likely to be just the beginning of a lot of great sex for the two of us. Whether we won the job or not, I was expecting to be seeing a lot of her as we moved forward.

I straightened up and took her by the hips, fucking her harder as I knew she had to be right on the brink of cumming. Sure enough, it wasn't much longer before she gave a hard shove backward and her body started to tremble as she let out a whimper. I just held my cock inside her for a moment, then started slowly thrusting again as she was riding out her orgasm. With the additional flood of lubrication, her pussy felt even more outstanding and I was feeling the stirrings of my own orgasm. I would have been fine with continuing to fuck her like this, watching her ass jiggle slightly each time my hips tapped against it, until I blew my load but she had something else in mind.

Once she'd finished cumming, she straightened up, my cock sliding out of her, and turned to face me. She put her hands on my shoulders and gave me a quick kiss before nudging back to her desk chair. She had me sit and knelt on the floor in front of me, taking my cock in her hand and pumping it as she licked my balls. Seeing that face that I used to encounter around the office on a regular basis lapping at my balls was so incredibly arousing that I knew, even if she was a lousy cocksucker, I'd still be blowing my load pretty quickly. Fortunately, when she wrapped her lips around my tool and slid them down, it was sheer bliss. I moaned as she began sliding her mouth up and down my tool while pumping the base with one hand and caressing my balls with the other. She definitely lacked nothing when it came to sucking cock and, though I'd love to have enjoyed it for much longer, there was no way I was going to last.

I was encouraging her verbally in case there was any doubt in her mind that she was providing me with a high level of pleasure. I also ran my fingers through her brown hair while trying desperately to just relax and enjoy her cocksucking without my body tensing up in anticipation of an intense orgasm. She set a good pace and kept it consistent as her mouth moved up and down my tool and my cock became even thicker the closer I got to cumming. She only paused once or twice, taking her mouth off my cock while continuing to pump it, while looking up at me and smiling. I assumed she needed to give her jaw a rest, though I didn't think I was taking too long. I considered that maybe she was just out of practice until she inhaled my tool again and reminded me exactly how good at it that she was.

When I finally exploded into her mouth while experiencing an unprecedented rush of pleasure, she made a noise of surprise but never hesitated. She continued to suck me off while swallowing the load that I was pumping into her mouth. Even when I was obviously spent, she continued to nurse my cock until it was beginning to soften. When she finally let it fall from her mouth, she sat back on her heels and smiled up at me.

"Do you know how long I've wanted to do this?" she asked.

"I wonder if it's as long as I've wanted to," I replied.

"Did you think about us doing this back when we used to work together?" she asked.

"Oh yeah," I confessed, "pretty much on a daily basis."

"Wow," she said, "I never realized."

"Well you know HR would have frowned on it, anyway," I told her, "so let's just be happy that it is happening now."

"I agree," she said, "I see a lot of coordination meetings when we win this job."

"Absolutely," I replied, "so let's make sure we win it."