 She awoke lying in the wet spot on the bed. Her bladder screamed for relief. With her eyes barely open, she stumbled out of bed and down the hall to the bathroom. The cold plastic seat forced a small groan from her. She ached. When she had finished she stood and surveyed herself in the mirror. She took a couple of pokes at her hair and then gave it up as a lost cause. 

She flushed the toilet and turned to return down the hall. The ancient pipes roared a thank-you for her offering. The sound chased her out of the bathroom.

Back in the bedroom, she found him with his eyes closed, lying stretched out on his back on her side of the bed. 

"No wet spot for him," she mused. 

Rising impudently from the thatch of reddish hair at his crotch was his "morning boner" as he referred to it. Her annoyance at the toilet and the wet spot softened a bit as she examined what she had dubbed his "silly sausage." The shaft curved gently towards his stomach as if the head was too heavy to be supported. The soft shiny skin on the shaft was stretched to translucence showing the veins that wound, gnarled and root-like up from the base. A slight warming in her loins as she savoured the recollection of those veins sliding past the lips at her opening. The sculpted head was pinker. A little pinker than usual she thought with a grin. She loved the way the flesh at the tip stayed soft and resilient even when the rest of him was rigid. She couldn't see his scrotum, darker still, but hidden from sight between his legs. She smiled at the wrinkled ugliness of it.

He opened his eyes and saw her standing there. When he realised what she was looking at, he grinned and tightened the muscles at the base causing it to bob and wave at her.

"God" she said with a laugh. "That thing is insatiable."

She climbed across the bed and straddled him with her hands above his shoulders and her knees pinning his arms against his sides. When she lowered her bum, her sex came to rest at the base of his chest. She leaned forward and ground her mons into his chest. She felt the crusty remains of last night's exertion in her pubic hair as the matted tangle was crushed between her pelvic bone and his sternum.

Then she sat up and slid her sex down his body leaving a trail of her scent. She felt the tip of his erection hit her between the cheeks of her bottom and then slide up the small of her back. He winced as her weight went over his bladder and shifted her back onto his pelvis. His penis got forced towards his toes and settled lengthwise into the slit at the opening of her vagina. She stopped and pressed down on his hardness. 

He freed his arms and reached to stroke her breasts but she pushed his hands away.

"Don't move" she whispered. "Look, but don't touch."

He put his hands behind his head and waited for her next move. She closed her eyes, leaned forward and rolled her hips fractionally back and forth then left to right. Her clitoris pressed into the base of his erection and she tried to feel the veins with her nub.Then for the longest time she just sat there barely breathing with him pinned beneath her.

Then slowly she lifted from his lap. His penis, as if sprung at the base, slid along the crack of her ass and then along her opening before slapping harmlessly against his belly. He looked down at the tip and saw that it was coated in moisture, either vaginal fluid from between her labia or a drop of pre-cum smeared by her flesh.

She lifted herself off of her knees and then squatted over him with her feet beside his hips. She bent forward and leaned with one hand on his chest. She grabbed his member with the other, pulled it back and positioned it so the head was just settled inside the outer lips. She arched her spine and swung her hips in a tight little circle until the head was screwed just inside the ring of muscle behind her labia. At first it chaffed a bit but then her juices coated him and he slid freely as she widened the circle that her hips were slowly tracing. 

Again he tried to caress her breasts but she pushed his hands away with a languid frown. He took the hint and lay back.

Then she moved to the centre; poised directly over his vertical hardness. She paused, took a deep breath and dropped the full length of his shaft, devouring him in one swift motion. She gasped as the last two inches entered painfully. She wasn't as moist as she had thought and still tender from last night.

She started her circular motion again, this time confined to a tight circle by the post that she had impaled herself upon. Slowly the walls of her sheath began exuding lubricant and the red hot friction was tempered into a warm moist glow.

The musky liquid seeped past her labia and soaked into their pubic hair dissolving the crusted remains of yesterday's couplings. She stopped and then dropped her head so that she could watch as she lifted her sex from his lap and his rod emerged glistening from her womb. Slowly, this time holding her breath, she lowered herself effortlessly, watching as he vanished inch by inch, vein by vein into her swollen folds.

She paused as if to admire her handiwork and started to breath again. He studied her as he waited for her to resume. She was squatting over his loins in a position that, if she could see herself, she would have protested was unflattering. Her hair was damp and matted. The hunched shoulders and the angle of her chest caused her breasts to hang down, elongated somewhat by gravity - not the tight pert mammaries that she strived for. Because she was curled forward, the thin layer of fat beneath the skin over her belly folded in a manner that she would have complained was unbecoming.

The sight of her crouched over him, gazing at their point of union with half closed eyes, caused him to twitch within her. Primal Eve...she felt him move and she awoke from her reverie to savour the power of her flesh - molten and muscular. She moved up, dragging the length of him, then down, plunging him into her heat. Her rhythm was effortless and primitive. She surrendered to the lizard brain crouched at the top of her spine.

She seemed to transform before him. Tireless flesh and bone made liquid with lust. His lizard awoke and the last coherent thought he had, until after she was finished with him, was;

"God woman, you're insatiable."