 Chapter 24 -- Fantasy Football

I spent the balance of that week struggling within myself. I debated heavily the merits of telling the women about my encounter with Sienna or keeping that information to myself. I found reasons for both sides of my internal struggle, but the right decision was eluding me. We had a full team meeting at the end of the day on Friday and I knew I needed to decide by that meeting if I was going to share the information or not.

By the time that meeting rolled around, I still had not come to a decision. We all sat around the large table in the conference room as Leslie outlined some new plans and projects for our office. I was not listening. The only thing I could hear were the voices in my head, reminding me of the pros and cons of revealing the facts I knew. Our game was different, based on honesty. I should tell them what I know. Our game was different, based on trust. They should trust me to do right with my knowledge if I chose not to share it in order to protect them. They were all strong women, they didn't need my protection, but I cared for them and wanted to provide them protection anyway. I was far away and lost in my thoughts when it finally caught up to me.

"Are you thinking about something more interesting than what is going on here," Leslie asked me in a very teacher-like tone.

"Sorry," I repented quickly. "I have something to share with all of you."

"Well, please, go ahead," Leslie replied. "Never let work get in the way of a good story."

"Right," I agreed quickly, trying to deflect her agitation. "When I left the office on Wednesday night, I had a visitor waiting for me in the parking lot."

"After I left," Brooke questioned.

"Yes," I informed her. "I was about 15 minutes behind you in getting out of here and Sienna was waiting to see me."

"Go on," Emma urged, as she hung on every word.

"I won't give you the play-by-play, but I did learn some interesting facts," I informed them. "Sienna wasn't the one stirring things up with Jack, Kylie was. Sienna admitted it. But wait, it gets better. Her sister is now running their game."

"That makes some sense," Leslie admitted. "Mindy mentioned that Brad has been exceptionally smug on campus that last few days. He told Mindy that change was good and she was going to be sorry for choosing our game over theirs."

"Yeah, I think Ms. Samson has plans for their little boy-toy," I said. "She comes off as a woman who likes things her way. I think young Bradley is in for a rough ride."

"I don't like where this is headed," Brooke stated. "They are devious."

"I think we will be able to handle whatever they throw at us," Emma assured her.

"Well, now we all know the facts," Penny interjected abruptly. "Meeting over."

We all left the conference room and I went back to my office. I felt like a weight had been lifted after I told them. I had to continue to remind myself that this was a team. My independent spirit and desire to protect those I cared for was getting in the way of the ideals that made this game work. I needed to get control of myself.

The office was quiet for the rest of the time I spent there. I headed out just after 6pm and things at home were mostly quiet on Friday night as well. Vivian was at Emma's and Penny didn't get home until much later than I. When she did get home, I thought that I sensed some anger from her but we didn't get into it. I stayed out of her way and went to bed.

I spent Saturday running errands and doing research, as the day passed in a flash. Sunday was a day I had been looking forward to for a while. Each year, on the day before or the day of the Chargers first preseason game, I got together with 9 of my former college baseball teammates for our annual fantasy football draft. 

We met just before noon that Sunday at Champs sports bar in Burbank. We commandeered 3 tables in the back corner of the bar and went to work. It was good to see all the guys again, as we got older there wasn't nearly enough time to get together and do things. I certainly missed the camaraderie. We caught up with small talk as analysis charts, magazine and even several laptop computers were lined up in preparation of today's event.

Fried bar food and pitchers of beer soon crowded the tables as our draft began. The afternoon was spent picking players and making deals until sometime that evening we had 10 teams ready for action and everyone surrendered their entry fee for the season. We split up the bar bill and said our goodbyes, knowing that we would see each other for our postseason get together. I left bar having had what I deemed to be a successful draft and an entirely way too enjoyable day with the boys.

When I got home, it was quite an odd scene. I pulled into the driveway and noticed that the house was mostly dark, aside from a light on in Penny's room. I made my way inside to find more darkness. I turned on a few lights as I made my way to my room. I passed Penny's room, observing that the door was shut, which was rarely the case. I changed into a t-shirt and shorts before heading back down to the living room.

I grabbed a beer and found my favorite spot on the couch as I flipped on the television. I was ready for some football and tonight was the Chargers first preseason game. Yes, at heart I rooted for my hometown Steelers, but living on the left coast, I had to take a local team under my wing as well. The Chargers were the best choice since I couldn't bring myself to root for the 49ers or the Raiders and the Arizona Cardinals were an organization that was a perpetual mess. 

I settled on the Chargers in college since my roommate's brother worked for the organization. Most of the guys on the baseball team rooted for them as well so it made it very easy to keep up. Now, I was a part-time resident of Charger nation while I still kept tabs on my Steelers. I was reviewing the team I had drafted that afternoon and the game was about to kick off when I was summoned.

"Hey, can you come help me," Penny called from upstairs.

I rose from my chair and made my way up the stairs, wondering what she had done now. As I reached the top of the stairs, her bedroom door was now open. I peered inside and Penny was nowhere to be found. I looked twice to make sure, but she was certainly not in her room. I retreated and moved down the hall to my room. I pushed open the door and took in a stunning sight.

Penny was lying on my bed. She had on her pink Brett Favre jersey, pink lace boyshorts and pink thigh high stockings. I was complete shocked to find her like this. I could not take my eyes off of her as she stared back at me.

"I think I can be more entertaining than that game," she said to me lustily.

"I don't doubt that at all," I agreed.

She stood up off my bed and walked over to me. She stopped when she was directly in front of me and looked up at me curiously. I brushed her hair back behind her ear and smiled at her.

"I'm sorry I was cranky with you this weekend," she offered. "I thought you should have told me about your encounter with Sienna before you told anyone else. I was being bitchy and selfish about it, but I was wrong. I am working on being able to handle sharing you better. Keep in mind, I am young and prone to silliness."

I said nothing. I leaned down and kissed her on the mouth softly. We kissed for a long time as we stood there. I held her tight, little frame as my mouth devoured hers. Finally, Penny pulled away and walked back to my bed.

"Come get me," she purred as she bent at the waist to remove her little lace shorts. 

I winced as I watched her, noticing a small wet spot had formed on my shorts. I dropped my shorts where I stood and tossed my shirt aside. My rock hard dick stood straight out in front of me and acted like a guide as I walked across my room to where Penny was.

As I approached, she turned away from me, allowing me to grab her from behind. I pulled her body to mine and kissed her neck. My throbbing rod rested comfortably on her exposed backside while my hand found there way under her jersey. Penny was not wearing a bra, much to my delight. I massaged her beautiful tits as I continued to kiss and lick her neck. Penny breathed out heavily as I groped her fantastic body. I lifted her jersey over her head and tossed it aside.

"I want you inside me," she revealed. "Right now."

I ran my hand down to her waist and forced her forward slightly to separate our bodies. I guided my cock to her opening from behind as Penny bent over slightly. I found her wet spot and slid inside of her easily, as if I had been made to fit there. I groaned as I pushed my entire length into her opening. I placed my hands on her hips and began to pull back.

I pushed into her again as she gasped slightly. I retracted again and forcefully pushed back in. Penny moaned softly. I rocked my hips to withdraw and insert again. She was moving her hips with mine as I picked up my pace. I injected myself into her box again, this time very firmly.

"Oh yes," Penny groaned. "Come on, give it to me good."

I did as instructed and increased my speed and force again. I crashed into her gash with my tool over and over at a very quick tempo. Our flesh slapped together as I slammed into her again. My cock was swelling as I jammed it inside of Penny one more time. She was breathing heavily as I pumped my pecker into her wetness again and again.

I pulled her to me as I brutally rammed her vagina with my spear. I plowed into her box once again and Penny yelped. I loved hearing her react to my force. I fucked her like mad as she put one leg up on the bed, giving me greater access to her hole. I pounded her pussy as if I were possessed. Penny howled as I rocked in and out of her furiously.

I felt her shaking as I continued to hammer away on her flesh. I watched my dick disappear into her each time as she continued to spasm and shiver in front of me. I pulled her to me again, violently now.

"OH GOD," she screamed loudly as a wave of ecstasy overtook her.

I repeated the vicious introduction of my shaft into her hole. I felt my scrotum tighten firmly as I pounded her vagina. I grunted with delight as I exploded intensely inside of her. I sprayed stream after stream of goo into her slot. I filled her with every drop that was inside of me, rocketing what felt like gallons of jism into her.

Penny crashed face-down on the bed in front of me. I collapsed next to her in a heap, exhausted. She curled up next to me but said nothing. We laid in the silence until my eyes closed softly as I held her.