 I leaned over and held my knees as I panted out some short breaths. Sweat was dripping from my brows, and I had to wipe them, because that last game was a killer. Man was I tired. That guy I had gone up against was good, and he had just kicked my ass over that set of five. I was supposed to be the king of squash, but this little skinny guy just came in and beat me three to two. I almost had that last match, but he snatched that victory out from under me right at the last moment. Now I've got to give him a free six-month membership to the center. Anyone that beats me here gets that one time offer, but...I ain't looking forward to it. Almost no one beats me at my own game. Son of a bitch, he worked me over good.

My name's Dane. I'm twenty-six, white, six-foot-one and broad shouldered with some good muscle from years of weight-lifting and sports. I've got brown eyes with short, light-brown hair that I like to keep a little ruffled on top. For this match I was dressed in my red sport's T, the kind with the breathable air holes, along with my white shorts, socks, and sneakers. I like to play light and fast in my games. Keeps me from overexerting myself.

I help my older brother run the community center here in town, and we get a lot of students coming in from the local college, and I'm pretty sure this guy that just beat the shit out of me is a student from there.

He was a skinny thing, white like myself, probably a couple of years younger than me, about five-eleven, with a good athletic muscle-tone to him. He had a thin, really effeminate face and a higher-pitched voice than I was used to, but whatever. He had blue eyes, ocean blue, I guess; I'm not into dudes, but those eyes were memorable, really stood out. He had short black hair that was really spiky on top, that kind of style you only see in those Japanese cartoons, the kind where their superheroes knock down buildings with their fists and shit. Not a mullet, nothing like that. His hair was short all around his face except for on top, and that style also stood out, memorable like his eyes. He had a little diamond stud in each earlobe, something I wouldn't fucking do, so he had balls, that's all I can say. I wouldn't look like that out in public.

He was dressed in a blue tank-top with a big white #1 on it and matching blue shorts with white stripes down the sides. He had on blue socks and blue sneakers, so I guess his favorite color was blue...Red vs. Blue...Funny. I mean, he dressed like a normal jock, so at least he had that going for him.

All I know is he had moves when it came to my game, and I had thought I was the best at squash. I had been considering entering some tournaments, but I guess I'll have to put that on hold until I improve my skills. If some rando off the street can beat me, that doesn't say much for me, huh?

"I did it!" grinned this guy, this skinny little turd. "Now pay up, my man. I get a free six-month membership."

"Yeah, yeah," I said as I stood back up and waved him off. "You'll get it...You're a cocky little shit, you know that?"

This guy just laughed at me, shook his head a couple of times, and gave me a wide, irritating grin. He offered his hand a second later, and I shook it out of courtesy...Man, even this guy's wrists were thin around, like little twigs that somehow held his slender hands together with his body. Nevertheless, he had a firm grip. Can't fault him for that.

"I'm Robin," said the guy after our brief handshake.

"I'm Dane," I huffed out. "Rob, huh? Well...nice to meet you...although I want a rematch."

"Anytime," smiled this guy, Robin. "That was a good match. I thought you had me in that last game."

"That makes two of us," I frowned, but he just laughed.

"It's all good," he said. "Just part of the game."

"Yeah," I nodded.

Rob picked up his black duffel from the back of the court, I snapped off the light, and we walked out of the court and into the hallway. There was no one here right now because it was past closing, past ten, so only the hallway and the court lights were on. Our set had lasted longer than I'd thought it would, and my brother must have closed shop while we were still here, but that was fine. He knew I sometimes went over schedule. Rob and I could just shower, I'd give Rob his new membership, and then I could escort him out. I could lock down the place after that.

"Come on," I said as I went toward the men's locker room.

I led him down toward the men's shower. He followed closely behind, but I don't think he quite knew where we were going.

"Uhhh..." said Rob in confusion. "I thought the front desk was that way."

"Yeah," I said as I opened the men's locker room and flipped on the light.

It was your typical locker room with blue lockers set up in rows upon grey concrete, wooden benches lined up in front of six rows of those lockers, three lockers on top of each other for multiple use. The walls were tiled in light-green, the floor stark grey concrete, with the showers at the back of the room. My brother and I had a set of eight shower nozzles on the back wall in that open area for easy use.

I went to my own personal locker, put in the combination, and pulled out four towels. I threw a couple to Rob, and he caught them, but he had a confused look on his narrow face. He was just standing there holding his duffel with the strap over his bare left shoulder.

"What are you doing?" he asked me in a nervous pitch.

"We're taking a shower," I grunted. "You don't want to go out in this heat without showering off first. We're both covered in sweat, and it's center policy to ensure the safety of anyone who uses the facility. You did read the rules before you came in, right?"

"Y...Yeah," stammered Rob. "So what do I do? Do I just go to the other lock..."

"You get undressed and get in the shower, you dork," I snorted. "It's first grade."

"Yeah, but..." started Rob.

This guy, I swear. What the fuck? It's not rocket science.

"Look, I'm taking a shower," I said, cutting off what he was going to say.

I took off my red sport's T and tossed it in my locker. I was going to have to wash that right away. Man, was it soaked with sweat. I had to smell like a fucking horse by now.

I looked over to Rob, but his face had gone red. What the fuck was wrong with this guy?

"You want me to shower in here?" he asked.

What the fuck? Was he stupid or something?

"It's not rocket science, genius," I snorted out. "Just strip and get in the shower. What the fuck do you think is going to happen? It's not gonna kill you...Look, I'm not trying to sound rude or anything, but you just kicked my ass at the sport I'M the king at. I'm kind of irritated by that right now...Still...I recognize the fact that you've got moves. You won fair and square, so don't worry; you'll get your membership. I'm not going to renig."

My red bag was in my locker with a change of clothes in it, so I normally just took off my sweaty ones and tossed them into the back of the locker. It was easier that way.

I sat down on the bench and took off my shoes and socks. Man, my socks were soaked. Those were going in the wash first thing, too. I stood up and took off my shorts and underwear, tossed those in the locker with my shoes and socks, and stood there fully naked in front of him.

I could feel his eyes on me, but I didn't care. He was either going to have to man up and get in the shower, or I was going to have to escort him out without one, but I was going to make damned sure I had him put it in writing that he refused a shower. I was not getting in trouble with my brother for this shit.

I decided to walk into the shower and stand there for a sec, but Rob just stood there near the lockers. I shook my head, turned on the shower, and let that hot water run over me. It felt good to get that sweat off, and I wasn't waiting for him.

Rob was still standing there between the locker rows, still looking at me, and that kind of creeped me out, but I figured he was just nervous. Shit, you'd think as athletic as he was, he'd already seen other guys in the shower before.

I decided to just have a normal conversation with him. Maybe that would get him moving.

"You from the college?" I asked.

"Y...Yeah," stammered Rob. "Yeah, I'm a senior there, but...uhh...is this okay, man?"

I got my hair under the water and ran my fingers through it.

"Is what okay?" I asked.

"This..." said Rob slowly. "Is it okay for us to be...uhh...to be showering in here together?"

He was really annoying me. What the fuck? What the fuck was this guy's deal?

"I don't give a shit," I said with a shrug.

I turned and looked at him. He was just standing there, but his face was as red as a fucking stop sign. Also, he was staring down at my dick...at least I think that's what he was looking at. I have a pretty big dick, a little over seven inches hard, circumcised but thick, and I was shaved down there, so everything looked even bigger than it was...Still...I don't like it when other dudes stare at me like that.

It hit me right then. Rob was gay. He had to be.

"Aww, fuck..." I muttered as I turned back around.

With my muscle tone, I was pretty good-looking naked. Still, I wasn't into dudes, but I couldn't discriminate either. It was center policy. I didn't exactly like this, but I had to show him that I didn't give a shit that he was gay.

"Look..." I said firmly.

I didn't turn around. Yeah, he could see my ass, but...eh. I didn't care about that.

"I'm not going to do anything bad," I said. "I don't give a shit about seeing you naked. I'm not into your type, anyway...I get it. You like what you like. I've been telling people that for years. I sure as hell don't want people judging me for my preferences, but they do anyway. For instance, I like hairy pits. It's a thing I'm into, so it's not like I'm gonna judge you...Hell, I won't even look, if that's what you're afraid of. Otherwise, you'll have to sign a release before you leave. I don't want to get in trouble just because you decided to walk out of here without showering."

Rob let out a long sigh of relief as I turned to look back at him. He grinned at me and shook his head a couple of times.

"Oh, man, that's a relief," he said. "I just...you scared me there. I guess it's okay if we shower together then. You just...You just took off your clothes and...oh, I about had a heart attack."

"Not a problem," I shrugged. "I guess you've had a bad experience then?"

I turned back toward the wall and ran my face under the shower. I heard Rob open a locker and start stripping. He was finally coming around.

"Yeah," said Rob. "I've had some guys get handsy with me, and that was with my clothes on. I need to get to know a guy before I let him do that...I at least need to like him first. I can be an exhibitionist at times, but...I'm a little green when it comes to doing spontaneous stuff. I've kind of always wanted to try some more wild shit, but...I want to be the one in control; you know what I mean?"

"Yeah, I get it," I said. "I don't like unwanted attention, either. That would freak me out, too. You don't want any unwanted attention regardless of what your preferences are."

He walked up next to me and turned on his own shower, but I was busy wiping my eyes and slicking back my hair.

"Yeah, I was kind of freaking out for a moment," said Rob matter-of-factly. "But it's fine if we shower together, I guess...Sorry about that. I didn't know you were gay."

I heard that sound of a record player scratching to a halt in my mind...What the fuck! Are you serious! I didn't want to get mad, so I sucked in my breath a bit in order to calm down first. I wasn't going to blow up on this guy, though; my brother didn't need that kind of publicity.

"Rob, I'm not..." I started to say as I gave a brief glance toward him.

I stopped. Rob had...pretty big nipples for a guy...big reddish-pink nipples in big reddish-pink circles...and, and small round bumps on his chest like breasts...and no penis...no balls...just curly black pubic hair down there...and his butt was...a little rounder than it looked when he had been in his shorts...Ooooooh, shit. I was going to jail. I was definitely going to jail...Robin was also a girl's name. 

Robin looked over at me in curiosity.

"Yeah?" she asked. "You're not what?"

My face burned red as I held it in my right hand and shook my head. I stared back at the green tiles on the wall and sucked in a deep breath, slowly releasing it a moment later.

"I'm not gay," I frowned.

I looked over and stared at Rob, Robin, and her face went bright red as her blue eyes widened.

"What?" was all she could say.

"I'm not gay," I frowned.

I tried not to look down at her naked body. Yeah, she was a stick with tiny boobs, but she was still female.

"You're not?" she asked in surprise.

"No, Rob," I said with a slight shake of my head. "Don't take this the wrong way, but I thought you were a dude, and I thought YOU were gay."

Robin's slender face was red from her brow all the way down to her neck, and I'm pretty sure mine was too, because that fire was ah burning under my skin, let me tell you.

"But...I'm not gay, either..." said Robin.

That cut it for me.

"Well, isn't this just great!" I hissed as I turned back toward the wall. "Gee, I'm not going to jail now, am I? I just accidentally coerced a female member into taking a shower with me...Wonderful!...Just fucking wonderful!"

I looked over at Robin and stared her dead in her blue eyes, a serious, no-nonsense look on my face.

.

Robin's lips turned upwards into a slight smile at the sight of my expression, and then she let out a snort of laughter. Suddenly we were both laughing, laughing because it was funny, and laughing because it was a major fuck up the both of us could have easily avoided.

"This isn't embarrassing at all," smiled Robin, but she didn't try to cover herself up.

"No, not embarrassing at all," I grinned, but I turned back toward the wall out of respect. "What IS embarrassing is that I just realized I lost to a chick. I just lost at my best skill, and it was to a chick. The guys are never gonna let this one go."

Rob, Robin, I guess, turned to face the wall and gave out a short fit of laughter.

"I thought you knew, man," she said in a nervous tone. "Do I really look like that much of a guy?"

"You could'a fooled me," I shrugged.

"I did fool you, you dork," said Robin, a smile in her voice. "On accident, anyway. But you fooled me into thinking you were gay."

"What!" I snorted out. "Why would you think that? All I said was..."

I thought about what I'd said, and I realized it sounded pretty fucking suspicious. I guess I had been just nervous enough not to call her 'gay' outright when I thought she was a man. I had told her I wasn't into her 'type', and I even talked about people judging my own preferences. What a fucking idiot.

"Oh my God..." I said as I held my face in my hands.

Robin gave out a short guffaw and shook her head a couple of times.

"Yeah," smiled Robin. "I was thinking 'He likes dudes with hairy pits? That's fucking weird, man'."

It was my turn to let loose a short spout of obnoxious laughter.

"It's weird no matter how you look at it," I chuckled. "I like chicks with a little bit of hair on 'em. I know, it's fucked up."

"Eh," shrugged Robin. "I've always got, like, a five o'clock shadow down there. It comes with having black hair."

I realized I was still talking to her in a normal way even though the both of us were still naked in the shower together. It was fucking surreal, but...whatever. I still owed her a membership for her victory in spite of this major fuck up, but I didn't think she was going to turn me in or anything, so it was all good for now.

I gave her a quick glance but didn't look down past her face. I mean, I could see her parts out of my peripheral, but it wasn't the same as just staring right at them. I didn't want to look like a creep. Besides, she stared right back at me as we talked to each other, and she could clearly see my junk, so I guess we were even in that department.

"Yeah," smirked Robin. "It took me by surprise when you just stripped like that. I just saw that big dick of yours and froze."

Really? She thinks I have a big dick? Well, that is a compliment, I guess. Kind of racy talk for the situation we're in, but what the hell.

I decided to get competitive.

"Yeah, well I saw your lack of one and froze," I smiled. "It took me by just as much surprise."

Robin laughed and shook her head. I think she was still a little nervous about this, but she was cool with it so far.

"I just didn't think about it when you called me Rob," said Robin. "It just never clicked for some reason."

"Eh, it happens," I shrugged.

"Not really," replied Robin, and we both laughed again.

I turned off my shower and walked back toward my locker, and Robin turned off hers and followed me. I guess her locker was right next to mine.

"Whuuf..." I shivered. "Cold when you get out."

I picked up my towel and dried off. I wasn't getting back into my sweaty clothes, so I just took out my bag from the locker, but I didn't open it yet. Robin walked around me and reached up to get her own duffel out. Having her stand so close to me while we were both naked was uncomfortable, let me tell you. I didn't want to get into any trouble, so I started talking just to ease my mind.

"I still want that rematch," I said.

"Any time," grinned Robin. "I'll one up you on anything."

"No fucking way," I grinned back. "I fucking dare you."

"Oh really?" she said. "This is a daring game then?"

"Yep," I said.

I still hadn't opened my own red duffel. I was still standing there naked, as was she, both of us shivering after getting out of the shower, and the both of us crowing like fucking fools. Yeah, Robin was more like a man than she wanted to admit. At least, she had the ego of one.

"Fine, man," smiled Robin.

We were looking at each other in the face, trying hard not to look at anything else. It's actually pretty difficult to do that. Your mind has to get into a groove where that shit just becomes normal. It ain't easy, let me tell you.

"There's nobody here at night," she said, raising her hands up in a why motion.

I could see that five o'clock shadow in her pits, little bumps of black hair that were just growing in. Looks like she'd been telling the truth on that one. Besides, staring at that was easier than staring at her tits. Still, she wasn't gonna let this little rivalry between us go.

"I dare you to walk out into the hallway naked," smirked Robin.

She's a competitive one, ain't she? I wasn't gonna lose to her, though. Not my style to just walk away.

"Like you said," I shrugged, "there's nobody here at night. I'd do it, but it's not much of a challenge."

"That's what I thought," grinned Robin. "You're too chicken."

"Oh, I know this game," I nodded. "You want me to do something embarrassing and then call me a chicken if I won't. Well, the joke's on you. I'll walk out there right now, but I'm betting you can't do the same thing...walk out in the buff...No, I don't think you will, because I'm thinking you're all talk."

I didn't even let her answer. I turned and walked toward the door without saying another word.

I opened the door and walked right out into the light of the hallway. I'm pretty sure that anybody driving by might have been able to see me. I mean, it was night outside and the only lights on in here were in the hallway and in the men's locker room, so anybody could have seen me with my dick and balls hanging out if they just peered through the glass windows at the end of the hall. That was an indecent exposure charge right there.

I turned to see Robin following me out into the hallway. Apparently, her physical lack of balls didn't mean she was lacking metaphorical ones.
