 I'm a retired widower living in southern Arizona. I retired early, soon after my wife died. I had money in the bank, no need to work and time on my hands to try and regroup and make a new life for myself. We never had any kids and I had no pressing obligations. Women came and went with none sticking around longer than about six months. You would be surprised just how horny middle aged women can be and I was always willing, and fortunately, able to accommodate their sexual appetites. 

A couple of summers later I climbed on my bike and headed east. I planned to be on the road for about a month, visiting family and friends along the way. East to family in Texas and Louisiana then north to see an old service buddy in Arkansas. From there I continued north, destination the Chicago area where I would spend about a week visiting friends before I turned west.

As I approached the southwest side of St Louis I intended to get through town and spend the night north of town to be out of the traffic when I left in the morning. I figured to follow the Mississippi river north before turning toward Chicago. I started seeing tourism signs advertising the St Louis Arch and figured "what the heck" so I wound my way through town to the closest parking lot next to the Arch.

I had been on the road about a week by then and while I had been checking escort ads along the way I hadn't hooked up with anyone and was feeling the need for some action.

The process of taking the tram to the top of the Arch includes a lot of waiting in line because the capacity of the observation room is very small. The tram is boarded in numbered groups using color coded passes. While in line a woman about 40 struck up a conversation offering that she was in town to see her son graduate from Army boot camp just south of St Louis. We exchanged general information about each other. Her name was Linda and she was from Utah and wasn't due to leave town until the following afternoon. I explained that I was headed north to find a motel out of town. Following her visit to the top of the Arch she was going to take a paddle wheel boat ride on the river and asked if I wanted to join her. I pointed out that her group of colored passes was due to board several groups after mine and that I wasn't particularly interested in a boat ride.

She was disappointed as I boarded the tram. After enjoying the view from the top I prepared to join the line to descend when Linda caught my attention having arrived at the top. She asked me to wait for her at the bottom and I agreed. When she came down we walked into the park adjacent to the arch. She shyly told me that she would like to spend some time with me and was willing to give up the paddleboat ride. I explained that I was heading north to look for a motel for the night and she said she already had one booked. I asked her if she was serious about what she was suggesting and she nervously said she had never picked up a man before and wanted to know what it was like with a complete stranger. As it happened we were both in the same parking lot and I agreed to follow her to her motel with the understanding that I was leaving the next morning to continue my journey. She thought that was just fine as she had an afternoon flight back to Utah.

Once in her motel room and with the bike unpacked I needed to wash the road grime off and started to strip. She decided that she too could use a shower and stripped to join me. Out of the shower I let her know that I intended to fuck her as often as I could get it up but first I wanted to eat her pussy until she flooded my face with her cum. She fell back on the bed and spread her legs and I lapped at her cunt and clit until she had a screaming gushing orgasm, soaking my face. While she was still quivering I pushed her knees up and slid my hard dripping dick as far into her pussy as it would fit. I fucked her hard until she came again and when I knew I was about to burst I pulled out and came on her tits and face. When I told her to suck me clean and to lick my cum off her body and face she gladly complied. Intending to go out to dinner we hopped into the shower to rinse off but soaping her tits got me hard again and I bent her forward and with the water splashing down on us I gently slipped my dick into her tight ass and fucked her again. She said it was a first for her but something she could learn to like. 

Getting dressed after the shower she started to put on a bra and I asked to leave her tits braless because I wanted to see throughout dinner just what I was going to fuck later. She put on a strappy tshirt top that showed off her cleavage and nipples. Linda got a lot of attention at dinner from the wait staff and fellow diners. She leaned forward from across the table to tell me that her pussy was so wet she expected to leave a spot on the chair. She whispered that she didn't wear panties either and her bare ass was on the seat of her chair.

We stopped for a bottle of wine before returning to the room and Linda delighted in bending over at the waist to check out the wines on the lower shelves nicely exposing her pussy to the fellow shoppers.

Back in her car I was able to fondle her tits and pussy all the way to her room. She was really getting into exposing herself because when we got to the room she took off her tshirt and announced that we needed ice and that she would find the ice machine. Out of the room she pranced topless with ice bucket in hand. A few minutes later she was back saying the ice machine was around the corner and unfortunately she didn't run into anyone.

A glass or two of wine later and Linda was naked on her back on the bed with her legs spread insisting that I lick her to a climax and then I could do anything I wanted to her. But first, I should open the drapes to check on my bike. We were in a ground floor room facing the parking lot and it was a corner room along a hallway suggesting some foot traffic would be passing by. Linda told me to leave the drapes open a bit.

I crawled between her legs and started to suck and lick a very wet pussy and it wasn't long before she was squirming and pushing against my face. With my mouth on her clit I slipped a finger in her pussy and another in her ass. That set her off and she came with moans and groans and gushing juices flowing out of her pussy. I lifted up and slipped my hard dick as far in her as it would fit and after just a few strokes I pulled out and told her to push her tits together because I was going to fuck her tits and then cum in her mouth. It didn't take long after an entire afternoon and evening of sex that I told her to open her mouth and I hunched forward, put the head of my cock in her mouth and filled it with cum. She opened her mouth to show me swirl her tongue around my cum before swallowing.

We were both pretty tired but as we spooned in the bed I let my dick slide between her butt cheeks and rest there just tickling her ass and pussy.

Early the next morning I awoke to find her mouth sucking on my cock and as soon as it was hard enough for her she straddled my hips and sat down on my dick, burying it all the way in her cunt. She bent forward so I could suck in her nipples and proceeded to ride me to her climax. When she rolled off and onto her tummy I rolled to her and raised her hips a little and slipped my dick into her pussy. I held her ass cheeks apart and wetting my thumb on her pussy juices I slipped it into her ass. That set her off and between gasps of air she told me to fuck her in the ass and fill her with cum. I gladly complied by pulling out of her pussy and shoving my very hard dick all the way in her asshole. She grunted and moaned and started to squeeze her ass around my dick and I started to fill her ass with cum.

It was time to get on the road so I climbed off the bed leaving her exposed to the open curtains with her legs spread and cum leaking out of her ass. Out of the shower and preparing to load the bike she told me that she didn't want to exchange any personal contact information. I packed the bike and was about the leave when she asked for one last chance to suck my cock and I stood in the open door facing the room while she was naked on her knees with my dick in her mouth. I didn't cum but it felt great until I pulled away, zipped up and walked to the bike with her still on her knees in front of the open door.

I was in Chicago that same afternoon with only great memories of a visit to the Arch. Linda, I hope you have continued to enjoy stranger sex back in Utah.