 Triple Deflowering Week

None of the characters are real. They are all fictional. This means they don’t exist. Thus, it seems strange to have to tell you that they are all over 18 years old, but they surely are. Previous chapters in this tale had a slim basis in fact. This chapter does not.

In the previous chapter, I related to you how Joey, my roommate lost his double cherry, first getting fucked in the ass by me and then returning the favor. Poor Joey never have dreamed in his wildest dreams that when he finally lost his innocence, it would be with another guy. All his life dreams had involved pussy and his beating off fantasies were well reinforced with magazine pictures and x-rated videos—all featuring naked girls being fucked by guys. 

I felt really good about helping him over the threshold, but I still thought I should set myself to the task of finding a good partner to work on the most important cherry—fucking a pussy.

Sometimes things work out. The next afternoon I was at the campus center, when who should come to my table than Darcy, the same girl I rescued after she was gang raped (too late to stop it) and then, with Molly’s help, worked nobly to reassure her that she was still desirable. (See Chapter III)

“Sup, Darcy? Haven’t seen ya around lately.”

“Just the same old same old. How are you? Bet you miss Molly.”

“I just saw her,” I said. Then I told her the rough outline of my trip to San Luis. Later, I found an opportunity to ask her, “Darcy, are you on back track after what happened? I hate to even bring it up, but the way we left you, I wasn’t sure if we helped or made it worse.”

“Oh, you did help. You did.”

“Then you’ve continued to pursue your sexuality?”

“Well, not exactly. I’m willing, but I’m so afraid guys will think me a slut, I can’t help pushing them back even when I don’t want to.”

“Damn, Darcy, you need to work on that.”

“Well, I can never tell if they like me or if they don’t. I’m just not brave enough, I guess.”

“Shit, what are you thinking? Guys don’t just like girls. They lust for girls and it doesn’t matter which ones, either. I mean, a guy who won’t fuck any pussy that is willing, isn’t really a guy. I’ll prove it to you. Come with me.” 

I grabbed her by the hand and pulled her after me. She didn’t put up much of a fight. She followed in my wake. Joey was where I’d left him, in our room studying calculus. “Sup, Fred?” he asked.

“I want you to meet a friend of mine. This is Darcy. This is Joey, Darcy. Joey.”

“Pleased to meet you, I’m sure.”

I went over to our little refrigerator. Empty. “You got any money? A coke or two would sure go over good. Joey and I went down the hall to the machines. As he was putting the coins in, I whispered, “Joey, if you want to get laid you might have an opportunity here.”

“You don’t have to ask.”

“Well, if you come on to Darcy, just a little bit, she’ll respond. She’s a nice kid, but she’s just about as needy as you are. In fact, I can nearly guarantee it. Let me take the lead and when it’s time, I’ll find an excuse to leave, okay?”

I knew Darcy was randy and ready, but I also knew she was nervous. I poured some rum in with our cokes but I didn’t load them up. I didn’t want Darcy to think I was trying to get her drunk and I didn’t want her to be too numb to enjoy the experience, especially after her first experience with sex. I didn’t want there to be any doubt about her being in her right mind at the end of the evening. “How about a video?” 

“Sure.” Said Darcy. “Got any hot ones?”

“Why don’t you let me pick out one?” I answered. 

After a while I commented, “Joey seems to be getting aroused.”

Darcy’s eyes followed my glance over to Joey, and we both looked down at the bulge his cock was making as it attempted to stand up in his jeans. She rubbed her breasts. The nipples stood out. “Look at Darcy’s nipples, Joey. She’s hot. You’re hot, aren’t you Darcy? You know what that lump is in Joey’s jeans, don’t you?”

“I sure do.”

“You know why it’s there?”

“What do you mean?”

“Why is your cock making a big lump, Joey?” I was worried that he’d not catch the ball.

“It wants to be invited into somebody’s pussy. I mean, look at all the other cocks getting fucked. Why not mine?”

“Why not him, Darcy?”

Darcy reached down and felt his cock, rubbed it through his jeans. Joey reached over and caressed her breasts. “I’ve got a date,” I said as I got up and walked out.

Darcy was only apprehensive about one thing: how to move her agenda forward. She need not have worried. Joey insinuated his hands under her blouse, reached under her bra cups and squeezed her breasts. They loved it. So quick was he, she couldn’t possibly have stopped him from pushing the bra up until it was around her neck, even if she’d wanted to and she didn’t. Oh, she thought, that’s one way to avoid the problem of how to unsnap it. She helped him push the bunched up material of the bra and her blouse over her head and it fell to the floor and out of mind. 

Darcy wouldn’t have been averse to spending the rest of the evening in Joey’s arms being petted by his hot fingers. She was flushed with pleasure and it didn’t matter where he touched her, it was excitingly stimulating. But, nice as it was, Joey wanted something more. And he knew exactly what. The two of them were still sitting on the floor, arms around each other and stroking each other’s through the material of their pants. Darcy’s legs were splayed out in front of her. She was wearing jeans and that was a problem. The jeans were like a chastity belt. 

Joey thought and thought, trying to figure out how to get his hands inside those jeans and he finally realized there was just one way. So the question was now or later?

“Darcy?”

“Yes?”

“Would you like to take your pants off so I can play with your pussy?” Boy, it was hard to say. But Darcy’s ‘yes’ was ample proof that the spoils go to the brave. She stood and he jumped up to stand by her. Then he went straight back down to his knees so he could unbutton her waistband and pull her jeans down.

Her bikini panties showed great optimism, being covered with hearts and kissy-lips. The legs were cut high, leaving hardly any material to cover her sex organs. She’d trimmed her pussy hair into a heart too. This he discovered in installments, as he slowly slid her panties down, down, down, his heart on pause, living in the aroma wafting from her groin and waiting for her to say, ‘wait,’ or, ‘no,’ or ‘I changed my mind.’ But that didn’t happen and he saw her pussy hair, the heart shaped design not quite covering her vulva. Then her pussy lips and they looked just like the lips on her mouth, except they were pouting, glistening, half-open, encouraging his desires to continue toward their fulfillment. As the panties dropped past her knees, he let go and reached in between her legs, to pull her delta to his face so he could breathe it deeper.

“You too,” she commanded as she pulled him to his feet and helped him drop his pants. His jockey shorts looked funny the way the tip of his cock wouldn’t fit inside and poked out the top, looking like a plum hiding in a bowl of trifle.

Darcy and Joey each tried to get down to the others newly uncovered sex, but their heads came together, so that didn’t work—except that the time they took to kiss, having been unable to ignore the opportunity, was time well spent. “Lie down on the bed,” Darcy said. She lay down facing Joey and the two of them kissed, pretending they were content to luxuriate in the feeling of bare-naked skin on skin. Joey rolled the two of them over and hovered over Darcy, letting his light covering of hair massage Darcy’s chest, dragging his cock in a random pattern across her stomach, leaving a trail like a snail. 

Once and a while he could feel her spread pussy lips with the tip of his cock, and he’d drag it across her sex, making her aware that it was standing up for her. But this was too much like a tease and Darcy reached between them and cupped her hand beneath his balls, squeezing lightly, the perfectly right way to make his cock stretch out to new dimensions. She rolled over on to her side so she could handle him with both hands, even as he put his head between her legs and watched his fingers pull her cunt lips apart, revealing, unveiling the pink palace inside. He sniffed. Ummmmmm. Sniffed again. Oh, it’s intoxicating. He was in a trance, bewitched by pussy juice. 

Here’s an idea, he thought. He plowed up her vulva with his nose and when it ran into the obstacle of her clitoris, his tongue was just in place to twirl around her vagina a couple of times while he drove her crazy with his nose. She squeezed his cock in her hands and flexed her thighs around his head. Yes, like that, her pussy purrrrrred, as she flexed it against his nose and mouth. Yesssssss.

Joey sucked her clit into his mouth like a Hoover and then ran laps around her clit with his tongue, but so lightly, she couldn’t be sure if he was licking her or not; she just knew that she burned for more. First she tried to get more by pushing harder against his face, grinding it in on him, but that wasn’t enough. 

“Come in, dear. Please come in me. Put him in. I want it.”

“I sure will.” He crawled forward aiming his cock as he advanced until it was on target and then everything was different. This wasn’t like fucking an asshole. This was like coming home. The Chinese concept of yin and yang was right. His cock, this cunt, they have suffered their separation too long and are finally together and all is right with the world.

Joey hugged Darcy to him, content to let this feeling last until it was time for a new one. He hardly had to do anything, actually. Darcy was all a twitter. Her cunt was making his cock her lunch. He didn’t dare move. He had no illusions about how much of this he could take. But when he no-longer could contain the load of semen fighting to get out, he still fought it and fought it, all the while making up for lost time, fucking into Darcy’s hot cunt with abandon, clenching his butt muscles to fight the tide, thrusting in and out in a way that was so frenzied as to be without rhythm. The spasming of the body before the spasming of the orgasming of his cock. 

Darcy thought she was already coming when Joey went off. She felt his hips clench, but in the elaborate death dance of his coming, she found out how big an orgasm can become if it goes on and on and on. And here is what is surprising about Joey. He didn’t stop fucking just because he ejaculated. He kept right on fucking. Thank you, Tom, he thought. Thank you for teaching me I can stay hard. 

This was wonderful. First for Darcy’s sake: He wanted her to be a satisfied, return customer. But as time went by, his cock started to relish the fucking again and his balls started to feel alive again, after just a brief down time.

After a while, Darcy came off her peak and Joey was content to fuck her in long slow strokes, concentrating on the feeling of cunt lips pressing against his cock as it slid past; loving the feeling of her pussy muscles closing down on his glans penis as it pushed her cunt lips aside. Oh there was so much that Joey discovered as his prick slowly explored Darcy’s pussy.

When Darcy started to move beneath him again, Joey’s libido took a giant leap and he started to be conscious that he was driving her like a high performance car. He could find her tempo, fall in with it, and then intensify it, accelerate it, build it up to a climax. But he was also able to back off the wild pace and slow things down and in this he discovered great joy. He had been on the edge of coming again but he decided to hold out for another round. 

“Why don’t you get on top, Darcy?” He asked.

Darcy straddled him and engulfed his cock with a single gulp. He loved the way gravity held her pussy lips against the very end of his cock, where it disappeared into his body. He grabbed her love handles and pushed her pelvis up and down without relinquishing an inch of penetration. He was about to come again but Darcy was just starting to get hot again.

He pulled back. Teased the entry to her cunt with the tip of his cock, letting the pressure in his balls subside. She wanted him in her. Instead he runneled her tunnel with the tip of his cock, playing extensively with her clitoris with the soft bulb at the end of his hard prick’s head. Then he pricked her again and she wanted him so bad. She was sitting straight up on his cock milking him vigorously like a teat, and he was afraid if she weren’t careful, she’d tear his cock off. He tried to pull back. She wouldn’t let him go. But he had to pull back. She was going to tear it off. He started to fuck the entrance to her cunt, not letting her get him all the way in. 

This made it even worse. This made it even better. She was red in the face and her chest was glowing red too. Her nipples were peaked in a new shape now--a perfect shape for sucking. He sucked. He pulled out and fucked her clit a couple of strokes. “Goddamn it, Joey, get it in!” He let his cock slid in slowly, fighting her all the way. Then he pulled back slowly. She fell back limp and he continued to fuck her ever so slowly. She started to pant. Her vagina clamped down his cock and she started to fuck it with circular gyrations, milking his cock again, using her cunt like fingers. It was toooooooo muuuuuuuccccccccch. He exploded. And that was that.

Darcy and Joey had been sleeping on top of the bed, all wrapped around each other, for about two hours when I returned from the library, homework done. The two of them looked so sweet.

The door closed softly but not so soft that Joey didn’t open his eyes and look up. “Sup?”

“Looks like everything went all right, then?”

Darcy stirred and looked at me. “You could say that.” She reached down, as if to illustrate her words, and stroked Joey’s cock with her fingers. It jumped a couple of times.

I took Joey’s cock into my hands, letting Darcy’s fingers mix in with mine. Looks like he’s up for another round. I put a hand on Darcy’s tit, gave it a squeeze. Her nipples erected immediately.

“I’d hate to have to go back to the library again. You guys look like you’re having so much fun. Can I watch?”

I sat on the floor and watched as Joey started to play with Darcy’s pussy lips with his fingers. Darcy leaned back and spread her legs until her hip sockets popped. Her clit soon emerged from her lips as they opened like a flower in the morning.

“That looks so yummy,” I said.

“Help yourself,” Darcy said, smiling a really big nice smile.

My tongue played hockey with Joey’s fingers, Darcy’s clitoris serving as the puck. 

“Go ahead and eat her,” I said.

Joey went right to it and while he did, I started to explore the space between his fanny cheeks, a territory I was well familiar with. I could see everything Joey was doing with Darcy’s pussy and everything he did to Darcy’s cunt I did to his asshole using my tongue and fingers. When Joey mounted Darcy, I continued to relax his rectum and when the two of them had established a rhythm, I began to work my way in with my cock. 

It was neat. Every time Joey thrust into Darcy’s hot cunt with his big red cock, his asshole would slide away from my cock, which was probably pretty red about then too. When I fucked forward into his butt my momentum pushed his cock forcefully into Darcy and then he’d bounce back and climb right back up my cock. 

I don’t know how she did it, but somewhere along the line I felt her fingers reach back and grab my balls, let go, pull Joey’s balls up against mine, let them go and grab mine again. This was quite well designed to make me blow my rocks.

I pulled out and pushed my cock into Joey’s face, made him take it in his mouth as the semen pumped out. Then I switched over to Darcy and gifted her with some too. Strange how at times like that we accept with pleasure that which sounds kind of revolting later.

My cock was still hard when I realized I was about to be late for my evening class. “Shit, I’ve got to go. I’ll be late for class.”

“Why don’t you cut? We could play some more,” Darcy complained.

“I’ve taken all the cuts the Sister allows. These damn nuns are tough.”

The students sat four to a table in the classroom. I was embarrassed to be a minute late and made my way quickly to my seat in the back. All the way over I could feel the moisture around my cock, which was still dripping from our romping with Joey and Darcy. I was afraid there was a wet spot everybody could see. I took my seat and sneaked a peek. Shit, there sure was. A wet spot, and it outlined the lip of my glans, even through my pants.

I looked around to see if anyone was staring at me. At the table in front of mine, in the front of the classroom, there sat a girl I was in love with. I didn’t know her, but I loved her looks. She appeared to be Asian--a slender willowy girl with long straight black hair down the back of her head. Her slender figure was exceedingly sexy to me, even though her breasts were small. Her flaring hips did a lot to make up for her lack of mammalian development. Really, tits are over-emphasized in our culture. Besides, her nipples were like cigarette filters and really turned me on.

I was horrified to see her looking intently at my crotch, then darting to follow my eyes as they focused on her crotch, smirking as she pursed her lips. 

Sister was about to turn the lights down and I reached below unconsciously to adjust the fit of my cock in my pants, now that it had softened. Realizing, suddenly, what I had done, I looked over at the girl. She looked back at me, and then the most amazing thing happened. She spread her legs just enough for the white of her panties to flash. Her legs closed again and I felt a palpable sense of loss.

I kept sneaking peeks over in her direction. It was too dark to see anything but darkness between her legs, relaxed and apart in the safety of the darkness, but that was just permission for my mind to fill in the details. Jesus! She reached up and pulled at her bra strap. She looked at me and smirked again. Then she cupped a breast with a hand and looked at me again.

I pushed my chair back from the table, out toward the side where she could see me, but nobody else in the room could, and cupped my package and stroked myself a couple of times.

The girl pushed her chair back and mimicked me, cupping her own sex with a hand.

I circled my cock with my fist.

She stuck a finger under her panty leg.

I just about creamed in my jeans.

Then she pushed her chair into the table and turned her attention to the Sister at the front of the room. But I noticed that her hips weren’t paying attention to the teacher. They were slowly grinding in the chair, grinding the aroused flesh she sat on in the chair.

At the end of the period I got stuck in the traffic jam at the door and by the time I got through, she was gone. Bummer.

The next week, I took my same place and hoped she’d be there. She was. I kept looking at her. She was so beautiful, and I was in love with her looks. I hoped she flash me a beaver again, but I wasn’t sure she did. I mean, I saw a couple quick flashes, but they could have been accidental. There wasn’t and of the self-petting I’d seen previously. Then, half way into the period, she left to go to the restroom. Returning, she looked straight into my eyes and smiled. Then she sat down and relaxed her legs—just a moment—and my eyes popped out. She wasn’t wearing panties. 

The end of the period came and with it a dilemma. My cock was as hard as a bone but I wasn’t going to get caught in traffic. Without caring if Sister saw my stiffie, I stood up as she folded her notebook and hurried to lean over her my dream girl’s shoulder and ask, “Can I buy you a soda?” She remained seated, packing her notebook into her backpack.
