 *This story, all my stories in fact, CAN BE READ ON ITS OWN. The "Stacey the Mistress" 3-part series is in itself its OWN story. However, for those that haven't read the others, this one follows "Stacey the Lover" which follows "Stacey the Temptress", all of which are rated around 4.50 (very hot!). Some of these stories actually happened to me with her...*

After the magnificent weekend that they had, Danny was not going to go another 2 months without seeing Stacey. How they felt when they were together, how at one they were, what they said to each other - this could not be ignored. He knowingly came inside her unprotected, fertile pussy! How can he go back to Charmaine after that? 

Torn between two loves - the love that he knew and the love that he didn't. The one that he lived with and the one that lived far away. What was he to do? Maybe his making no effort to stop his seed from flowing into Stacey's womb was his way of forcing the issue. 

He didn't know, and he didn't care to think about it. Just have fun and what happens, happens, right? One thing he knew for sure was that he spent the next few days longing for Stacey more than ever. A beautiful woman at 5'3, 130 pounds, tanned complexion, long legs, beautiful large breasts, captivating brown eyes, and shoulder length, wavy brown hair. Very fun to hang out with, interesting to talk to, and absolutely incredible in bed. Any wonder why Danny could not take his mind off of her?

Stacey was the same way, but with less conflicting thoughts. She was single, so she knew what she wanted. He was 6'1, 200 pounds, short blonde hair, blue eyes. When the two of them were together, nothing else existed. Just thinking of him made her feel warm inside. She spent what seemed like every waking moment constantly aroused as his image kept creeping into her head. 

When he called to invite her over the coming Saturday, she was all over it. Charmaine worked from 9 to 5, and he wanted to spend the day with Stacey. His girlfriend had the car that day, but Danny arranged it so that she would call him before she left work in case he needed her to pick up anything. This would give him 30 minutes to clear away all signs of his visitor. 

Stacey arrived at 9:45 Saturday morning. His heart lept into his throat when he heard the knock on the door. He almost choked on it when he opened it and saw her standing there, radiating beauty. 

"Hi!" she said, smiling. She was wearing a sexy black dress that was down to her knees and low on the neck, her tanned cleavage on full display. 

"Hi!" he returned as she stepped inside. They embraced, and he held her close, closing his eyes, smelling her perfume. The hug lingered for a full minute, as they just enjoyed feeling each other, then they parted. He shut the door and she kicked off her shoes. She was in bare feet. It was a little cold out, for what she was wearing, but she was in the car for the last 2 hours. 

They sat down on the couch, and he put his arm around her, holding her close to him as they caught up on the past week. For the next 30 minutes, they just enjoyed each other's company, talking like old friends. The entire time, both wanted to satisfy their desires, they just managed to control themselves for a bit. The entire conversation, her hand stroked his leg over his jeans, lovingly. His hand caressed her arm, her side, her leg over her dress.

Finally, Danny lifted her head up by her chin and looked deep into her brown eyes. He leaned forward and their lips met, kissing softly. He kissed her again, and her lips parted, allowing his tongue to enter. Stacey purred, sending her tongue into his mouth as her hand held the back of his head. His hand slid down to her knee and he slowly slid it up her naked thigh, up her dress. He could feel heat emenating from her crotch as his hand slid closer to her treasure. He felt the silk material of her panties, and he could feel just how hot she was for him. 

"Mmmmmmph..." she sighed into his mouth as she felt him rub her horny slit over her wet panties. Her tongue twirled in his mouth even more excitedly as she felt his fingers slide to the side of her panties. He slipped his fingers into her panties from the side, over her soft skin to her moist slit. She was so incredibly wet! He dipped a finger into her pussy slowly. "Ohhhhhh.." she moaned, breaking the kiss. She desperately needed him to make love to her. She wanted him in her all week, and now she could finally have him! She broke the kiss again. 

"Take me to your bedroom and make love to me, Danny." she said seductively. Smiling, he took her by the hand and they stood up. He led Stacey to his bedroom, hard as a rock. Her vagina was tingling uncontrollably in anticipation of the treat it was about to get. 

Once in his bedroom, he pulled her close, kissing her passionately, sending his tongue far into her mouth. She could feel the bulge in his pants pressing against her as they made out. His hands slid down to her ass over her dress, squeezing it softly. She broke the kiss and took a step back, eyes not leaving his. She reached behind her and unzipped her dress. The straps slipped off her shoulders and her dress fell to the floor in a heap. Danny nearly came on the spot! 

A white, silk bra barely contained her ample breasts, and her white panties were so tiny, they left little to the imagination. This goddess stood before him wearing next to nothing! Her tanned skin was accentuated by the white of her lingerie, and her tits were straining against her bra. She was breathing heavily as she watched his reaction to her. He tore off his shirt and pushed down his jeans and boxers, stepping out of all his clothes and becoming completely naked for her. A sharp tingle shot through her body at the sight of his manhood standing at attention for her. 

Stacey reached behind her and unsnapped her bra, still not taking her eyes off of him. It fell to the floor, freeing the most lovely set of breasts imaginable. He went to her, sliding his hands around her soft body, his mouth covering hers. She sighed into his mouth, conscious of his hard penis pressed against her stomach. 

He lay her down on his bed, and she parted her legs for him, wanting him on top of her. He continued kissing her as he grinded himself against her on the bed. He could not believe how hot she was when he pressed his member against her crotch. 'smack, smack, smack, smack' the room was filled with the sounds of their kissing. 

Stacey loved how he felt rubbing against her. She loved this man so much. She had no doubt that her panties were soaked right through! She rolled him over so that she was straddling him. She sat up, smiling at him, completely naked except for the skimpiest pair of panties. Her naked breasts were heaving as she tried to catch her breath. Still smiling, she bent and kissed him again, tongue sneaking into his mouth. He was enjoying the feeling of her bare tits rubbing against his chest, among other feelings. 

She began to kiss down his neck and chest, inch by inch. Slowly licking and kissing down his stomach as she worked her way down the bed. He could feel her breath on his cock as she kissed just above it and to the side. His body twitched when he felt her tongue lightly lick the side of his penis. He watched her pink tongue snake out again and gently lick from the base of his pole up to the top. Her hand raised his dick in the air, and she slowly licked around his mushroom head. She was watching him the entire time – she loved how she made him feel! She desperately needed him inside her, but wanted to put it off for as long as she could. She began to lick at his bag, her tongue working magic down there. He moaned as her well–manicured hand stroked his cock expertly while she sucked a testicle into her mouth ever so gently. 

He reached down and ran his fingers through her hair as her tongue slowly licked up his shaft. She slipped his penis into her mouth until half of it disappeared. She slipped it most of the way out before easing the entire cock back in. He moaned as his entire organ was contained in the warmth of her mouth. Stacey began to bob her head up and down on his lap, sucking hard on his dick. 'slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp' she slurped loudly on his manhood and it could be heard in the next room had anyone been there. 

Suddenly, he felt her hand touch his. She was trying to give him something. 

He grabbed a smooth, wet, silky material and he held it up before him as she continued to give him amazing head. It was a tiny, damp pair of panties. Danny needed to fight off the urge to shoot his cum right through her mouth! There was nothing to these panties! 

It was a tough battle trying not to cum, especially when she was so good at giving blowjobs, but he fought it off. Keeping his cock in her hungry mouth, Stacey began to spin around on the bed. Heart pounding, he watched, breathlessly, as she raised her leg up over his face and planted it on the other side of his head. Her pussy was inches from his face as she continued to suck his cock. Her vagina was tingling uncontrollably, she was so horny! 

She sunk his entire cock into her mouth as she lowered her dripping treasure down on his face. His mouth immediately sucked her pussy lips inside, and his tongue lapped at her clitoris. "Mmmmph!" she moaned excitedly, his cock still gliding in and out of her mouth. 

A surge of pleasure shot through her as she felt him release her lips and suck only her clit into his mouth. He ran his tongue down her pussy lips, towards her ass, tasting her delicious juices. His tongue teased the skin between her vagina and asshole. "Mmmmm…" she moaned again, forgetting that she was giving head as her lover teased her aching pussy. 

His cock just sat idle in her mouth as he continued to lick the area between her slit and asshole. His hands were holding her soft ass cheeks, squeezing them as he held her pussy down on his face. He shot his tongue out again, and this time he slowly circled the entrance to her anus. Her cunt was tingling, her ass was tingling, she needed something! Anything! 

He slipped his tongue into her asshole, spreading her cheeks wide with his hands. "Ohhhhhh…" she sighed, his cock slipping out of her mouth. Danny pushed his tongue as far into her ass as he possibly could. He ran his tongue back down to her needy pussy, slipping it into her hole. 

"Ohhh, God, Danny…" she breathed, tingles shooting up her spine again. Her orgasm was waiting on the sidelines, ready to take control of her body. He licked as far inside her treasure as he could, enjoying every second of their time together. 

Suddenly, his lips wrapped around her clit and his tongue lapped at it as fast as it could. "UNHHH!" she moaned in surprise, hurtling towards what looked like a massive orgasm. 

Her hand squeezed hard on his cock as Danny relentlessly licked her sensitive button. Stacey was writhing her crotch down on his face, losing all control. 

"Ohhhhhhhh! Ohhhhhhhhhhh…God…" she moaned, cumming violently. The walls of her inner pussy were convulsing, her entire body seemed to be engulfed in flames, the tingling sensation in her cunt was all consuming.. She rested her forehead on his lap beside his rock hard penis as wave after wave of orgasm rocked her world. 

"Ohhh God.." she breathed again, as she slowly regained her senses. Finally, she got the strength to get up and she spun her body around, straddling his lap, the biggest smile on her face. 

"Oh my God, Danny, that was amazing." She said. She kissed him over and over again. On his mouth, his cheeks, his chin, his nose, all over his face, rubbing her wet pussy up and down his shaft the entire time. 

"I need you in me Danny." She said as she kissed him. "I love you so much." She added. Reaching underneath her, she raised her ass off of him and raised his dick into the air. Stacey pressed the entrance to her vagina against the head of his penis. 

He moaned as the lips of her pussy parted and slowly sucked his member inside. It felt so amazing to be engulfed in Stacey's warmth. She sunk her cunt all the way down on his penis, holding him deep inside her as she looked at him. Her lips found his and they kissed passionately as she began to slide herself up and down his cock. His hands held her amazing ass as they slowly made sweet love on his bed. He was sliding easily in and out of her tight, slick treasure, they were at one. Their tongues explored far into each other's mouth as she rode him expertly. 

He didn't know how he managed to hold out this long, but he did. His hands crept closer to the crack of her ass as she began to fuck him harder. She broke the kiss, the feeling became too intense. "Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh!" she moaned as she bounced up and down on his lap. 

Danny gently ran a finger up and down the crack of her ass and her pleasure intensified when she realized that he was going to slip a finger in her asshole. His middle finger entered her ass to the first knuckle. 

"Ohhh God, yes!" she moaned, riding him a little faster, tingles shooting from her ass and pussy throughout her body. Encouraged, he sunk his middle finger further into her ass to the second knuckle. 

"Ohhh my God, Danny, I can't take it!" she cried. He jammed his finger in all the way. An orgasm exploded within her. "OHHHHHHHHHHHH" she moaned, cumming. "Ohhhhh God!!!!" Her entire body was consumed in flames, she stopped riding him, she was so caught up in the feeling. 

Danny fucked his hips upwards, continuing the amazing sex when she no longer could. He was losing it. 

She was easily the best sex he had ever had and how he lasted 30 minutes inside her he did not know. What he did know was that he wold not last 1 more. 

"I'm cumming…" he managed to groan. Heart pounding at his words, Stacey lost control again. 

"Ohhhh God, cum inside me hunny! Cum inside me!" she moaned. She came again, a moaning ragdoll above him. Her pussy was convulsing around him and she was holding her crotch hard against his groin. She forced him to stay deep inside her just when he lost it. He moaned, and his cock spasmed. 

Thick, hot fluid fired out of him and into her as they orgasmed together. Danny's penis jerked again, and another river of sperm shot deep into Stacey's fertile vagina. Her lips found his and they pressed them together, not having the strength to kiss, but wanting to be closer together as he came inside her. 

She rubbed her crotch against him, trying to milk every ounce of his seed into her. 2 more, smaller loads of his fluid shot into her cunt as she finally found the strength to kiss him. Her tongue snaked eagerly into his mouth as the last of his semen dripped into her hungry vagina. They remained that way, kissing breathlessly, for 10 minutes. Just kissing, smiling, holding each other as he softened inside her. 

"I love you Danny." She said. 

"I love you too, Stacey." He replied.

*that was the 'tame' part of this set. Check out parts 2 and 3 when they get really crazy! Let me know what you think!*