 Hayley Stevens was lying in bed with her boss Cliff Turner. He was still sleeping as she had just awakened. She stared at the ceiling and reflected on the great sex they had the night before. They always had great sex together. Cliff had been her boss for three years and their affair began two years ago. She was his administrative assistant and he was a 36-year-old executive. Hayley was a year younger at 35.

They were both attractive and in excellent physical shape. Cliff was 6'1" and 190 pounds. He stayed fit with recreational activities and frequent workouts at the fitness center. Hayley had short blonde hair stood at 5'5" and a trim 115poinds. She had no body fat and firm 34-28-35 figure. Her breasts were small but cute. She a flat firm belly, lovely legs and a marvelous derriere. Aerobics three times a week kept her fit.

They were both adventurous when it came to their sex lives. She loved to cum and she also liked sucking cock and anal sex. Cliff liked making her cum as many times as she could. He loved her ass and they always had anal sex together. She liked the way he ate her pussy and they would often engage in oral sex in the 69-poistion with her on top.

As she lay there, she recalled the first time she had anal sex. She worked as a secretary in a government office in D.C. Hayley was 21 at the time and an anal virgin. She had a number of first-time experiences in D.C. in the five years she worked there. 

WASHINGTON D.C. 1971

Hayley had graduated from high school in Virginia and attended a business school that specialized in secretarial skills. Her first job was in D.C. in an administrative department. The staff would often stop for drinks after work on Fridays. One particular Friday, she found herself with two guys from the department after everyone else had left the lounge.

She accepted their invitation to go to their apartment. Both Syd and Alex were handsome young men and she was sure that they would have sex together. At that time in her life she was not a virgin and considered herself a good lover. Hayley was very skilled in oral sex and actually looked forward to her first threesome. As they rode together to the apartment, she was already picturing a cock in her pussy and a cock in her mouth.

Once in the apartment, things moved quickly and they were soon naked in one of the beds. They both fucked her first and she orgasmed both times. Syd had a slender somewhat tapered cock that she handled easily. Alex was thicker and she felt very full with his dick in her pussy. Neither of the guys ejaculated when they fucked her so she was not surprised when she was placed on all fours.

Syd entered her pussy from behind and Alex fed his cock to her to suck. She was excited with her first threesome and got into it. Alex was thrilled with her oral skills. Hayley felt Syd's hands caressing her lovely ass and then he began toying with her anus. She felt a cool substance on her rosebud and then a finger probed her gently. She had had fingers in her bottom before when a guy was easting her pussy but never with a cock in her. She relaxed and the finger entered her rectum. It was an odd feeling, somewhat naughty and somewhat exciting.

Syd continued to fuck her and finger her ass as she continued sucking on Alex's cock. Suddenly the cock left her pussy and she felt the void. More lube was added to her anus and then she felt the spongy head at her nether hole. She had never had anal sex and it momentarily frightened her. The cock pressed forward and the soft head entered her. She took the cock from her mouth and exclaimed.

"Oh Syd, I have never done that."

"Relax doll, I have the perfect cock to introduce you to anal sex."

"Please don't hurt me."

"I won't. You just have to be stretched a bit. I'll be gentle. You will love this."

Alex pulled her head back to his cock and she took it back in her mouth. Syd continued his patient, slow steady penetration. Hayley never felt any pain just a full bloated sensation. Given the thorough lubrication and the slender tapered cock, Syd soon had his six inches buried in her scrumptious ass. She was surprised how easy it had been to accepted his shaft in her snug bottom. 

Syd began the gentle movement in and out and caressed her curvy buns. She felt the need to rub her pussy so she reached between her legs and fingered it. Surprisingly she kind of wished there had been a cock for her pussy too. She was still sucking Alex and he saw her hand go to her pussy. He whispered harshly.

"Hayley, you're loving this aren't you? You like sucking my cock with a cock in your ass. That's what you want isn't it, a cock in your mouth and one in your ass."

Hayley didn't answer as she was too turned on and anxious for the guys to cum. Then it happened, Syd pressed forward, grabbed her hips and spewed his seed into her rectum. The sensation was unbelievable and Hayley loved it. In a reflex action, her sphincter squeezed the spurting shaft. She had momentarily stopped sucking Alex but his cock was till in her mouth. She resumed the oral ministrations and then he exploded in her mouth. It was a huge load and she swallowed what she could. Her fingers were flying over her clit and then she shuddered and collapsed on the bed. 

The cocks left her body as she flopped face down. Semen was dripping from her chin and oozing from her anus. The two guys looked at her and they marveled at her shapely firm body. They caressed her skin and fondled her incredible ass. Both of them remained hard and they were not done with Hayley. Alex got on his back and Hayley was told to mount him. His thick cock filled her pussy and then she felt Syd behind her again. He pushed his slippery dick back in her ass.

The two guys fucked her until they both came a second time. The sensation was indescribable to have two cocks shooting in her at the same time. Her rectum was flooded with semen and she liked the seemingly soothing feeling in her no longer virgin ass. Syd eased out of her and she rolled to her back as she moved off of Alex. The two guys left the bedroom and let her rest in the bed. Hayley did not move and soon fell into a deep sleep. Alex and Syd got beers and sat in the living room.

"Christ Alex, wasn't that the hottest ever."

"It was damn good. She is one hot young lady."

"I love anal virgins"

"Well you have the cock to break them in that's for sure."

"I'll let her stay in my bed and sleep on the couch tonight."

"That's cool, let her sleep by herself. We'll fuck her in the morning with our piss-hard-ons."

"Yeah let's fuck her senseless and then I'm going for her ass again."

"She should be ready for me after you been there three times. I'm looking forward to that fine ass."

The guys finished their beer and Alex went to his bedroom to sleep. Syd slept on the couch. All three of them slept soundly, even Hayley with semen in her pussy, rectum and belly. Some of it had dried on her face, buttocks and thighs. 

BACK AT IT

On Saturday morning, first Syd and then Alex fucked her with their morning erections. Hayley orgasmed both times and then lay in bed when the guys went to the bathroom. She had a constipated feeling which was understandable after her first anal sex. The guys relieved themselves and then she used the bathroom. They then took her into the shower and washed her body. They loved running their soapy hands all over her shapely form. 

They played with her cute titties and got the nipples hard. She felt their fingers in her pussy and her anus and they cleansed her. She was getting turned on again and they were both sporting boners. They got out of the shower and dried her off. She squealed when they dropped to their knees and kissed her pubes and buttocks. Then she felt Syd's tongue probing her anus as Alex licked her pussy. 

Hayley trembled and thought that she would faint if they continued to tongue her. Her legs were wobbly and then Alex picked her up and carried her to his bed. Syd followed and within minutes she was riding Alex's cock again as Syd prepared her for more anal sex. Alex held her buttocks and pulled them apart as Syd eased his well-lubed cock back in her ass. She orgasmed again and her now lifeless body remained still for them to use as they desired. 

Syd came in her ass again and Alex flooded her pussy. The three remained motionless for several minutes before they separated. Hayley momentarily flopped face down on the bed but soon felt hands on her hips lifting her up. She kept her head down on the mattress and turned to the side. She cooed as her anus was lubed and probed again. Hayley felt the cockhead at her anus but suddenly she realized it was Alex.

"No, please, you're too big."

"Relax Hayley, you've been stretched out enough, I'll be gentle."

He eased the head in and stopped to let her get used to the thickness. Then little by little in what seemed like an eternity, he fed his cock to the scrumptious ass. He loved watching the slow penetration between the glorious globes. If any girl had an ass made for fucking, Hayley certainly did. She was gripping the bed sheets but surprisingly it was like the first time with Syd. There wasn't any pain just the bloated feeling of being stuffed.

Alex was doing all he could to last and he savored every second in the sweet bottom. In and out he moved slowly until he felt the familiar surge. He pushed his dick all the way in and fired and enormous load into her rectum. His thick cock acted as a plug trapping the seed in her passage. Hayley had never felt so full and such pressure in her bottom. Alex eased out and his seed followed. It ran out and trickled over Hayley's vagina. It was quite an erotic sight.

Alex moved off the bed and Syd replaced him shoving his erection into the cum-filled ass. Hayley felt the intrusion but it was more like a finger after being stretched by Alex. Syd did not last long at all and added his seed to what was left in her ass. They took Hayley to the bathroom, washed her and douched her pussy and nether hole. The guys put on workout out shorts commando style. Hayley was allowed to wear her panties but remined topless.

The three would have a late breakfast whipped up by the guys. Hayley then realized that she would not be leaving until Sunday. After they ate, she was treated to a massage which by all counts was foreplay for the guys. They loved touching her and probing her. First, she was on her back and they massaged every inch of her body, tweaking her stiff nipples and fingering her wet pussy. She was rolled to her belly and again not a part was left untouched. They saved her ass for last and it was wildly exciting having four hands massage her buttocks. Her anus was rimmed by each guy and she was incredible turned on. She needed to cum again.

Alex got on his back and had Hayley get in a 69-position with him. She moved into place and took his big dick in her mouth as she lowered her pussy to his face. Syd got behind her and once again entered her sweet ass. Hayley discovered the she loved sucking cock while her ass and pussy were being serviced. Once again, she wondered what it would be like to have three cocks in her. Maybe one day she would find out. It didn't take much for the juices to begin flowing. Syd came in her ass and that set her off drenching Alex's face. He lapped up her love juice as she continued to suck his impressive cock. He then ejaculated and she handled the discharge easily swallowing all of it.

Minutes later they showered separately and then sat in the living room. The guys each had a beer and Hayley a white wine. She was again topless wearing only her panties. That afternoon they watched sports on TV and enjoyed their drinks. For dinner that night the guys served pizza. There was no more sex until they went to bed that night. They lay on their sides with Syd in her ass and Alex in her pussy. They all came again and this time Syd stayed in bed with Hayley. Alex slept in his own room. Hayley knew that they would be at it again in the morning.

Sunday was somewhat a repeat of Saturday as both guys fucked her with their morning erections. Hayley liked cumming twice. They took her ass in her relaxed state. First Syd had her ass again and then Alex. Hayley asked them to take her home after lunch and they complied as they all knew that they would be hooking up again in the days ahead. 

ANOTHER FIRST IN D.C.

Hayley continued to have sex with Syd and Alex on an impromptu basis. They never really made advanced plans. Months later, one Friday night she went to an upscale club in D.C. where everyone was tastefully attired. She had fun dancing with some guys. There were a lot of good-looking people there and she would easily agree to sleep with a number of them. Her ass got a lot of attention in the crowded club with pats and grabs. 

She set her drink down on a stand-up cocktail table and noticed that there were two other glasses there. A very handsome couple came off the dance floor and walked toward the table. He looked to be about 6'2" and she about 5'9". They were both fit and she had a striking figure. The woman spoke first.

"Hi, thanks for watching our drinks."

"Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't know this was your table."

"We can share. I'm Valerie and this is my husband Brian."

"Hi, I'm Hayley."

"We haven't seen you in here before. Is this your first time?"

"Yes, I heard it was a nice club. I really like it."

"Have you picked out your man for the night yet."

Hayley blushed but mainly because Valerie was right. That's why she was there, to score a guy. She replied shyly.

"There are plenty to pick from."

"Excuse me ladies, I'm going to use the men's room."

"So, Hayley, what do you think of Brian?"

"He is a doll. You both are, you make a great couple."

"He is a doll and he's got a great cock too."

"Oh my God, Valerie. You're embarrassing me."

"Nonsense, let me ask you. Have you ever had anal sex?"

"My God, you're shameless."

"Yes, I am, but have you?"

"Yes, God, I can't believe I'm telling you this."

"I figured that you might have. Your ass looks great in that dress and I'm sure it has been noticed tonight."

"It had been the target of a few hands that's for sure."

"How would you like to come home with Brian and me?"

"Tonight, are you serious?"

"Very serious, we like threesomes. Sometimes we invite a guy and other times an attractive young woman."

"I don't know."

"Oh, come on, you want to get laid that's why you are here."

"What have you two been talking about while I was gone?" Brian had returned.

"Honey, Hayley is going to come home with us."

"Well that's fantastic. I'll go get the car and meet you out front."

Brian left them and they finished their drinks. Hayley could not believe that she was going along with them but she hadn't said no either. As it turned out they lived in Falls Church, Virginia and had a very tasteful home. Valerie escorted Hayley out of the club and they got in the car. The women sat in back to get more acquainted on the drive to the house. 

An hour later after a quick tour of the house, they were seated in the living room with cocktails. Hayley felt very much at ease with the couple and was very relaxed. They finished their drinks and Valerie brought Hayley into the master bedroom. There was a king size bed which easily accommodated three people. The two women undressed and admired each other's naked body. 

Valerie had long dark brown hair in contrast to Hayley's shorter blonde hair. Valerie had a 36-30-36 figure that was well toned with firm breasts. They got in bed naked and watched as Brian entered the room. Hayley was curious about him but she soon discovered he had a chiseled body with washboard abs. Her eyes went to his cock and she discovered what Valerie had bragged about. His cock had to be 8" long and thicker than Alex. It was beginning to harden as he approached the bed.

He got in bed in between the two women. Valerie made her descent toward his cock and encouraged Hayley to join her. Hayley moved down and stared at the impressive cock. Valerie took it in her hand and sucked on it before passing it to Hayley. The two women took turns taking the cock in their mouth and licking the taut ball sac. 

"Hayley, you're our guest, so you get to ride him first."

Hayley always got turned on sucking cock so she was ready to have it in her pussy. She straddled the stud and lowered her pussy onto the vibrant shaft. A moan escaped her lips as the marvelous cock filled her womb. She began to move slowly and then she felt Valerie behind her. Valerie's hands came around and cupped the cute titties. Her own firm breasts pressed into Hayley's back. It was the first time a woman had lovingly touched her breasts and Hayley was very excited. 

She rode Brian hard and fast leading to a mind-blowing orgasm. He held to her shapely ass as she rode him and then cupped her buttocks when she collapsed on his chest. She felt hands on her hips lifting her up and then she was replaced by Valerie. Hayley watched as Valerie straddled her husband.

"Hayley get behind me and play with my tits while I ride Brian."

Hayley did as she was asked and for the first time, she held another woman's breasts. She liked fondling them and tweaking the still nipples. It did not take Valerie long to cum and when she did it was an intense climax. She collapsed on her husband's chest and he caressed her shapely ass as she recovered. Without lifting her head off of her husband's chest, Valerie spoke softly.

"Honey, Hayley likes anal sex."

"Wonderful, it's my favorite. I've been thinking about that hot ass since we got home. I'll get the lube."

Hayley lay there in shock at the blatant statement. It was true of course but she never expected Valerie to say it. She was certainly apprehensive about Brian's big cock as it would be the largest to tread that territory. Brian returned with the lubricant and had Hayley lay on her side. He applied a generous amount to her bottom and gently opened her up with his fingers. Next, he lubed his shaft thoroughly and then moved into position. 

He ever so slowly eased his cock into the sweet bottom emoting a gasp from Hayley. Once again, there was no pain but she felt stuffed and bloated. He got a rhythm going and then he moved her more towards her back. It was somewhat of a modified spoon position that displayed her pussy. Hayley soon learned why as Valerie moved in and began to lick Hayley's pussy.

Hayley went wild as the big dick filled her rectum and the pretty wife licked the sweet pussy. Valerie's tongue moved rapidly over Hayley's pussy, darting in and out and over the stiff clit. It reminded Hayley of a thirsty dog lapping up water from a bowl. Valerie knew her way around the female body and she ate Hayley to a massive orgasm. Hayley had had guys eat her before but no one could match Valerie's oral skills. She was just recovering from the climax when the cock exploded in her rectum. A barrage of male seed filled her passage and it seemed to be non-ending. 

They didn't move for several minutes and then Brian backed out. His cock was still stiff and Valerie leaned over and sucked it clean. Semen was flowing out of Hayley and it was as if she was cumming out of her anus. Valerie moved up and kissed Hayley driving her tongue deep in the woman's mouth. Hayley did not know what else to do except kiss her back, another first. 

Valerie then positioned herself to receive her husband's cock in her ass. He lubricated her thoroughly and then filled her with his meat. Hayley watched as she saw another woman get butt fucked. The husband and wife looked so sexy together. She had never seen another couple fuck before that night. It was exciting to see them coupled together. 

"Hayley, eat my pussy just like I ate yours."

She knew she had no choice but to comply so she moved into position to eat her first pussy. Her inexperience showed but she followed Valerie's directions and soon had the woman moaning. Hayley was surprised when Valerie climaxed as female juices rushed into her mouth. She learned that Valerie squirted when she orgasmed and Hayley was actually turned on by it. Brain announced that he was cumming and he filled his wife's bottom with his discharge. 
