 The two fell asleep very happy and incredibly satisfied. It turned out that neither were satisfied for long. 

Sometime around 3 or 4 in the morning, Danny awakened to realize that he was living every man's fantasy. He was hard as a rock, his dick felt warm and wet, and was feeling very good. 

He heard the slurping noises and it didn't take long to sink in. Stacey was giving him head! 'slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp' she slobbered on his cock. She woke up a few minutes earlier feeling very aroused. When she thought about everything they had done that night - in her bed, at the restaurant, in his car, on the couch, in her bed again - her pussy moistened. 

It was then that she thought of putting his dick in her mouth while he slept. As soon as THAT thought occurred, she became ravenously horny. Her head bobbed up and down on his lap, slobbering on his organ hungrily. 'slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp' man, he loved that noise! He had both hands on her head now, fingers grabbing her hair as she gave him an amazing blowjob. He could feel her naked, smooth legs pressed against his as her tongue teased his crown while she sucked his cock. 

"Ohhh man, Stacey," he moaned, "you are so amazing!" She pulled his dick out of her mouth with an audible slurping sound. 

"I couldn't go all night without you inside me. " she said, smiling. Her pussy was so wet, and it was tingling like crazy ever since she woke up. 

"Well then what are you waiting for?" Danny asked, "Get up here!" She squeezed his cock lovingly one last time and kissed his mushroom head. Quickly kissing up his stomach and chest, she made her way up the bed. He could see her gorgeous, naked body in the moonlight as it poured through the window. Their lips met, and her tongue darted into his mouth immediately. Danny could feel how hot her pussy was as she rubbed it along his shaft, pressing down hard on him. 

His hands caressed her soft ass, and explored her warm body as they kissed. He ran his hands around to the front of her willing body and broke the kiss as he caressed her huge breasts. Immediately, he put his lips around Stacey's hard nipple, sucking it gently. He kissed and licked all around her areola before kissing his way over to her other mound. He heard a sigh of pleasure escape from her lips as he sucked her other nipple into his warm mouth. He was massaging her breasts as she grinded her sopping wet crotch against him, her breathing grew heavier. She could no longer take it. 

Reaching behind her and raising her ass, she grabbed his rampant hard on in her hand and raised it in the air. Danny released her tits and lay back, watching everything. From the expression of desire on her face down to her hand holding his cock in the air up to her pussy, he could see it all in the moonlight. The entrance to her cunt felt warm against the tip of his cock. She slowly sunk down on it, the petals of her needy vagina opened up for him and allowed his manhood to slide inside, slowly. 

"Ohhhhhhh... "she sighed as his hot penis slowly slid into her inch by inch. When he was entirely sheathed inside her accommodating pussy, she opened her eyes and looked at him lovingly. His hands caressed up and down her back, smiling up at her. She bent to kiss him, and his tongue flew into her mouth. His hands grabbed her ass cheeks, squeezing them as she began to ride him up and down, slowly. 

"Mmmmmmph.. " she moaned into his mouth as he began to thrust upwards to meet her. His hard penis glided in and out of her hungry cunt over and over as their tongues explored each others mouth. Finally, their pace got to the point where they could no longer kiss, they having so much trouble catching their breath. "Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Oh God! Unh! Ohh!" she was moaning as she bounced her ass up and down on his lap. He was watching her lovely face. Her eyes were closed, eyebrows raised, her mouth parted slightly, moaning. Her massive breasts were bouncing up and down with every thrust. 

Danny had a deathgrip on her ass, spreading her asscheeks as he rammed his cock into her. Her orgasm was rising, and she bent her head beside his, her curly hair falling onto his face as she slammed her ass down on him as fast as she could. The room was filled with the sounds of her moans, the bed squeeking, and their bodies slapping as their lovemaking reached a crescendo. "UNH! UNH! UNH! UNH! UNH! UNH!... OHHHHHHHHHGOD! MMMMM... OHHHHHHH!" she cried out, cumming. He continued to ram his body upwards as her body shook above him. Stacey's hands were squeezing the blankets beside his head as he pistoned in and out of her convulsing pussy. 

"Ohhh God Danny" she moaned, "I love you!" Her words set him off, he knew that he could not hold out much longer. 

"I'm gonna cum. " he whispered to her as he kissed just beside her ear. 

"Ohhh yes, Danny!" she breathed, smiling, "Cum inside me, hunny! I need you to cum in my pussy! I love you so much, I want to have your baby!" They were slapping hard against each other, and her words set him off like a lit fuse. 

"Oh my God!" he groaned through clenched teeth. He held her ass down on him, and she grinded her pussy as hard as she could on his lap. Danny's penis spasmed inside Stacey's hungry vagina, and another thick load of his cum shot violently inside her. She pressed her mouth upon his, unable to kiss him, but just wanting their lips to touch as he ejaculated inside her. Over and over again, more of his seed shot into her fertile womb. Their naked bodies were covered in sweat, neither could catch their breath as the intensity of his orgasm finally died down, and his juices slowed to a trickle out of his semi hard penis. She kissed all over his face, over and over. 

"Danny, that was so amazing!" she said. They continued kissing over and over, his hands caressing up and down her back and ass. After a few minutes, she rolled off of him, his dick slipping out of her. He put his arm around her, just under her breasts, and kissed her again. They had finally caught their breath. 

"I've never had so much sex in my life!" she exclaimed, smiling as he kissed her. "I've had such a fantastic night. " 

"I love you. " he said as he kissed her cheek. 

"Oh God Danny I love you too. " she breathed. Her whole body felt hot, flushed, and tingly. 

"I just constantly want you inside me!" she went on, "I've never felt like this before. " Her words turned him on, and she felt movement against her leg. "I know we've done it a lot tonight, but do you think you could make love to me again?" she asked, "Even if you don't cum. Just to be inside me for awhile?" He was hard as a rock, by now. 

"Just try and stop me. " he said, rolling on top of her and squeezing in between her legs. As if with a mind of its own, Danny's penis slipped into Stacey's willing vagina. They made love for forty minutes. He did manage to to cum again, inside her, to her delight. 

* * * * *

Danny had other commitments the next day, but while they were making love Stacey made him promise to come back and see her before he headed home. The next morning, he was up at 8 to the alarm. She had gone back to sleep when he hit it off, and he watched her. 

She was incredibly beautiful, she was above the cover and so he was able to take in her entire beauty. Her brown curly hair, her pretty face, her smooth, tanned skin. Her large breasts were perfect in every way, her sexy belly. She had a treasure trail of fur leading down to her beautiful pussy. Her lovely thighs, her long, gorgeous legs, down to her pretty feet. He could not stop his hand from reaching out and softly stroking the side of her body. Up the outside of her thighs, her belly, her arm. 

Stacey smiled, and stretched, eyes still closed. He loved how she jutted out her tits as she stretched, and he kissed her mouth lightly as his hand caressed her breast, feeling the nipple harden. 

"Good morning. " he said, kissing her. She smiled, opening her eyes a crack. She kissed him back. "I have to get ready to go. I should leave in a half hour or forty minutes. " he said. His hand was caressing up and down her stomach and breasts lovingly. 

"You'll be back tonight?" she asked. 

"I promise. " he said. 'smack, smack, smack' they kissed loudly, he could not help being semi aroused. Stacey could feel herself getting wet, just from his gentle touch. Her heart nearly burst with love. He found himself kissing her with more passion, sucking her lip into his mouth, his hand focusing more on her breasts now. 

He noticed her breathing deepen, and he felt his penis grow to full hardness. He had a feeling he was leaving late. She felt the movement of his growing cock against her leg, and her pussy moistened further. Her hand caressed his arm. When she felt him squeeze a leg in between hers, she willingly opened wider for him, allowing him to get on top of her. Both of their hearts were pounding, and their kissing grew more frantic. 

Her naked vagina was at his mercy, defenseless before his raging hard on. He was grinding himself against her as they kissed, he could feel how wet she was already. She had her knees bent and her legs open wide for him. Danny reached down, breaking the kiss, and grabbed his cock. He ran the head of his organ down her swollen pussy lips, sending a tingly sensation up her body. 

He placed himself at her entrance and pushed forward. Stacey's head arched back and she moaned softly as her warmth slowly engulfed half of his member. "Ohhhhhhhhh... " she sighed. He pulled back a bit, and than pushed his penis the rest of the way into her cunt. 

"Ohhhhh God, yes... " she moaned. He kissed her hard, holding himself deep inside her as she ran her feet up and down his legs sensually. Danny began to slowly slide his penis in and out of her wanting vagina, she was breathing heavily into his mouth. "Mmmmph... mmmmph... mmmmmph... mmmmph.. " she moaned softly as she kissed him. His dick felt so hard in her! He picked up the pace a little, and they had to break the kiss. He looked down at the goddess that he was making love to. 

Her eyes were closed, eyebrows raised with pleasure, soft moans escaping her lips. He watched her huge tits bounce up and down as he thrusted into her even harder. She was so hot! The control that she had on him, the desire that she brought in him was indescribable. If he could make love to this woman every day for the rest of his life he would die a happy man. 

He could not stop himself, he thrusted into her as hard as he could. What started out as sweet, gentle lovemaking somehow got twisted into hard, animal-like fucking. "UNH! UNH! UNH! UNH! OHHH! UNH! UNH! OH YES! UNH!" Stacey's loud moans rang throughout the house as she felt an orgasm rocket towards her. Her feet were flailing helplessly in the air behind his rapidly thrusting ass. What a great start to her day! "OH! OH! OH! OH! OH! OH!... OHHHHHHHHHHHHYES!! OHHHHHHHGODILOVEYOU!!" She came so hard, her legs suddenly squeezed him tightly, holding him inside her. 

She could not take anymore, she had to keep him inside her until she calmed down. She grinded her pussy against him as her entire body was wracked in extacy. Danny wasn't even close to cumming 10 seconds ago, but he was on his way now! If you ever had such an amazing woman cum like that underneath you, you would cum too. There was no stopping him. 

"I'm cumming Stacey... " he grunted, ramming into her as hard and as fast as he could as she relaxed her grip. 

"Ohhh yes Danny, cum inside me! Give me your baby!" she cried out. It didn't take anymore than that. He slid his entire member inside her hungry pussy and moaned. His penis jerked, and a hot stream of his sperm unloaded into her willing vagina. 

"Ohhhhhhh my God... " she breathed as her lover's cock shot another river of semen into her needy cunt. For the seventh time in just over 12 hours, Danny fired his seed into Stacey's fertile womb. He kissed her sloppily, eagerly as the last of his cum emptied into her. She wrapped her arms and legs around him and held him tight as they kissed. He softened inside her as their lips met over and over. That was the greatest night of both of their lives.