 Danny and Stacey drove to the video store from the restaurant. He pulled in and parked. 

"Well," she said with a smile, "I suppose I should put these on!" He laughed as he watched her slide her panties up her sexy, smooth legs until, finally, it covered her wonderful treasure. She pulled her pants on as well and slipped on her shoes. 

Inside the video store, the two lovers were inseparable. Her hand was locked in his, her head leaned on his arm. They were talking, joking, neither really caring what movie they picked up. 

When they arrived at her place, she set the movie on the table. She told him to sit down on the couch and wait. She left the room. He was hard again already, he could only imagine what was in store for him! Stacey was incredibly turned on still. Just thinking about him made her pussy moisten, but spending time with him was driving her insane! The tingling in her crotch just wouldn't go away. Her need to have him inside her was constant. She shut her bedroom door behind her and pulled the box out of her dresser drawer that she picked out just for this visit. 

When she came back out, her heart was pounding, a little nervous. She was now at her wettest. Her lust was insatiable, her hunger to have him was dominating all thought. 

When Danny saw her his jaw dropped and his cock twitched. Stacey was wearing sexy, red lingerie. The top was sheer and loose fitting, hanging down to her waist. He could see her wonderful breasts, her sexy belly. Her cleavage was exposed to him teasingly, with a thin red strap over each shoulder. Her tiny red panties might as well have been off, they hid next to nothing. 

Smiling, she spun around for him. The tiny string of her panties was nearly hidden in the crack of her ass, showing him everything. His dick was sore, trying to force its way through his jeans! 

"You are so sweet to me and I love you so much!" she said, "I just want to give you something back. " She knelt in front of him and he watched her hands undo his button and fly, providing massive relief for his growing cock. She forced both his jeans and his underwear down his legs and off, taking his socks off with them. He practically tore off his shirt in his excitement, becoming naked for her. 6 inches of him was standing at attention. 

Another tingle shot through Stacey at the sight of his member. She loved that she had such an effect on him. She hoped that she had the control to really tease him, and play with him. She held his member straight up in the air, and her tongue lightly tickled his balls. Her mouth sucked his testicle into her mouth gently as her hand stroked his shaft expertly. She slowly licked all around the base of his organ, trailing saliva as she went. Her tongue made it's way up the side of Danny's penis and she kissed his mushroom head. 

He sighed when he felt her tongue lick at his sensitive crown. His hand slid around to the back of her head, grabbing her hair. He knew she liked this. He was right. Stacey felt a surge of arousal shoot through her body when she felt him grab her. She looked up at him with beautiful brown eyes. 

"Would you like me to put it in my mouth?" she asked coyly. 

"Yes. " he breathed. She smiled, her hand squeezing his dick. Without taking her eyes off of him, she pressed her lips on his helmet, slowly opening them wider, easing him into her mouth as she did. He closed his eyes with pleasure when he felt her warm mouth take the head of his cock inside. He opened them again, not wanting to miss anything. She slowly slid her lips down his pole, gradually sinking his entire cock in her mouth. She sucked on him softly, keeping his entire length inside. Slowly she went back up again, his penis chilled when it felt the air of the room hit it's saliva covered length. 

Stacey suddenly, eagerly, began to bob her head up and down him, slurping loudly. He moaned, fingers squeezing her hair in his hand. 'slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp' the sounds of her amazing blowjob filled the room. He was humping his hips into air at her, he couldn't help it. It did nothing to deter her, luckily, as she continued unhindered. 

Her fingers played with his balls as his cock glided in and out of her mouth. 'slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp' she continued to gobble up his cock. Danny's breathing grew laboured, she was so amazing! Not wanting to waste his cum in her mouth (though the thought of tasting his seed sent another tingle of excitement in her), she pulled his rod out of her mouth with an audible sucking noise. 

She straddled his legs, kissing quickly up his stomach to his chest. He loved the feel of her smooth legs pressed against his. Her tongue lightly licked at his nipples, teasing him further before she looked up at him. Their lips met, kissing passionately. His hands caressed her bare asscheeks, squeezing them lovingly as her tongue flew into his mouth. Stacey was rubbing her thinly covered crotch along the length of his organ. He sent his tongue into her mouth, pressing her down harder on him. Their tongues rubbed against each other as her wet crotch pressed against his cock. He wanted inside her so badly! They were breathing very heavily into each other's mouth, kissing sloppily. Suddenly, she broke the kiss. 

"Do you want to make love to me?" she asked teasingly. 

"Oh God, Stacey," he breathed, "I've never wanted anything so badly in my life. " 

"Ok," she said, "Two conditions:" she was smiling now, her well manicured hand was slowly stroking his incredibly hard penis, "First, I want you to eat me out. " Another tingle shot through her when she said those words. 

"I'd love to!" he said, gasping for breath. Not the most difficult decision he's had to make! 

"Second," she continued, "I want you to cum inside me again. " 

"I'd love to. " he said again, smiling. Another easy decision, since she would probably make him do that anyway! Releasing his cock, Stacey lay down on the couch expectantly, beautiful legs outstretched. He grabbed the thin straps of her tiny red panties and slid them down her tanned legs. Her gorgeous pussy came into view, a perfect treasure trail of pubic hair pointed to swollen wet cunt lips. He pulled the wet material over her knees and down her legs. 

She pulled each foot out of them and he dropped them on the floor. He grabbed her foot while it was in the air and kissed it. He loved her feet! Her chest was heaving, and he could see the rise and fall of her breasts through the sheer teddy as she watched him. 

He lay down between her open legs and slowly kissed up her inner thighs, switching back and forth between each leg. He could smell her arousal, the beautiful scent of her sex. His heart was pounding almost as hard as hers, and she was the one who was about to be serviced! That was how badly he wanted her. That was how much he wanted to kiss and lick every inch of her body. He knew he would get as much pleasure from this as she would. He stared desirably at her quivering pussy lips before gently kissing them. 

Stacey gasped. She placed her left foot on the coffee table, opening herself wider for him. He slid his hands under her soft ass and slowly licked from the bottom of her sensitive slit up to the top, his tongue nudging her clit. Her hand slid down her body and began to stroke his hair affectionately as he ate her out. Danny slid his tongue between the lips of her vagina, sliding as far into her as he could. He tasted her delicious love juices, running his tongue all along the inside of her cunt. 

"Ohhhhh God, Danny... " she sighed, "you are so good at that. " He sucked her lips into his mouth, licking at them as he held her there. She was squirming before him, and she could feel an orgasm on its way already. He slowly licked up her pussy, until his tongue found her clitoris. 

"Ohhhhhh yesss.. " she moaned softly, eyes closed as he gently licked her clit. She ran her bare foot up and down his back as he went down on her. He sucked her clitoris into his mouth, teasing it with his tongue. Stacey began to subtly writhe her pussy up into Danny's face, orgasm rising. Her breathing grew very laboured, she was almost there. "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... "she sighed, cumming. She raised her ass up off of the couch, holding his face between her thighs, rubbing herself against him. Her entire body was flushed, hot, and tingling. The walls of her pussy convulsed as he relentlessly licked at her button. Finally, it subsided, and she released his head. 

The lust that Danny felt at this point was immeasurable. His heart was pounding, his cock was twitching in anticipation. He gave her pussy lips one more kiss before kissing his way up her body over her teddy. He kissed and lightly sucked her hard nipples over the see through material. Stacey watched his hard dick move back and forth as he crawled up the couch. After kissing up her neck, his lips found hers and she kissed him eagerly. Her tongue darted into his mouth as began to grind his naked crotch against hers. She broke the kiss briefly. 

"Fuck me Danny. " she breathed before her mouth covered his once more. He reached in between their bodies, his hand grabbing his cock. He slowly ran the head of his cock down the lips of her hungry cunt, stopping only when it reached the entrance to her womanhood. Without breaking the kiss, Danny slowly pushed forward. 

Warmth slowly engulfed his penis as he eased into her wet vagina. "Mmmmmmph!" Stacey moaned into his mouth as he entered her. He pushed himself as far into her as he could go, holding himself there. His cock was so hot inside her! 

She needed him to fuck her. Her need for him was shown in the way that she kissed him. Her mouth was all over his, sucking at his lips, kissing him. Her tongue shot far into his mouth, exploring. Her sexy feet ran slowly up his legs, stopping at his ass, opening herself up for him as wide as she could. He slid himself back before slowly sliding into her again. The sensations that the two of them felt cannot be described with words. 

Stacey's pussy was a perfect fit for him. It gripped his cock like it was custom made. She was very wet, yet the friction she gave him when he slid in and out of her blew his mind. And the feelings that his cock gave her put her in heaven. He handled his 6 inches very well, and his thickness did wonders for her pussy! 

He began to slowly make love to her, controlling himself. Their lips were smacking loudly as they kissed passionately, his mighty rod moving in and out of her hot tunnel a little faster now. She raised her right foot and placed it on the back of the couch, giving herself completely to him. Her other foot remained on his ass, which was thrusting even harder now. 

Danny could no longer control himself. He loved her so much, he wanted her so badly, he could not contain those feelings any longer. He began to fuck her harder. They broke the kiss in unison, having the need to catch their breath. She was on her way to orgasm once more. "Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh!" her moans rang out through the room. Her feet were now flailing helplessly behind his thrusting ass. He was screwing this goddess at a rapid pace now, watching her beautiful tits bounce up and down under her sheer teddy. Her ass was bouncing off of the couch, meeting each of his hard thrusts. 

"OHH! UNH! UNH! UNH! UNH! UNH! OHH!" Stacey's cries were louder now, she was nearly screaming. "UNH! UNH! OHHH! I'm cumming! Oh God! Oh God! UNH! UNH!... OHHHHHHHHH! OHHHHHHHH! Ohhhhhhhhh shit!" she came hard, hands grabbing his ass and holding his cock in her pussy as she grinded against him. Her legs wrapped around him tightly, holding him in her as she had the most intense orgasm ever. Her body was shaking, her pussy was pulsating, her heart was ready to burst. Her entire body was on fire, she couldn't breathe. Her hands had a death grip on his ass, he was unable to thrust. All he could do was stay inside her, which he definitely didn't mind. 

He watched her expression as she was wracked in orgasm. Her eyes were squeezed shut, her face clenched. "Ohhhhhhh my God... " she moaned, finally able to breathe. Her hands released his ass and he was able to resume sliding in and out of her, much slower this time as he gave her time to recover. Stacey looked at him with beautiful brown eyes. 

"I love you. " she breathed, smiling, her pretty dimple dazzling him. He kissed her mouth softly, lovingly as his penis slid in and out of her. 

"Let me take the top. " she ordered. He smiled, and slid his organ out of her with an audible slurp. He lay on his back on the other end of the couch and she scrambled to climb on top of him. You haven't lived until you watch a woman of this much beauty climb on top of you as eagerly as she did. He looked down at his cock and didn't think it had ever been that big. He was convinced that Stacey made him grow another inch! 

She straddled him, her lips finding his, kissing him lovingly as her wet slit ran up and down his shaft teasingly. She reached underneath her and her hand raised his dick into the air. Stacey slowly eased Danny's penis into her warmth, slowly taking his entire length. They both moaned as he filled her up. He looked into her eyes and she kissed him again, smiling. His hands gripped her soft ass as she began to raise her body up and down. 

"Ohhhh you feel sooo good... this is amazing.. " she sighed as she slid her wet cunt up and down his pole. He slowly slid his hands up her body, taking her teddy with them. She raised her arms for him, allowing him to slip off the last of her sexy lingerie. It did what she wanted it to do - it got her the best sex she's ever had, from a wonderful, beautiful man! Her amazing tits were revealed to him now. The most beautiful breasts he had ever seen live, or on TV, or in magazines! He grabbed one in each hand as she rode him. His mouth kissed and licked her soft skin along the slope of her huge breasts. His tongue licked all around her areola. "Ohhhhh" Stacey sighed as she watched his mouth take her nipple inside. He licked all over her tit before kissing over to her other one. Her slick pussy was still sliding up and down his cock. 

Danny kissed his way back up to her mouth, his hands moving back around to her ass, caressing it, squeezing her cheeks. She began to ride him faster, lips smacking loudly against his. He moved his right hand towards the middle of her ass, his fingers reaching her crack. He ran his fingers up and down the crack of her ass. 

"Mmmmmph.. "she sighed into his mouth, a tingle shooting throughout her body as she found herself wanting his finger in her ass. He teased her asshole, running his finger around the rim as she slammed herself down on him even faster. Her orgasm was on its way again! He slipped a finger into Stacey's anus all the way to the second knuckle. 

"Ohhhhhhh yes!" she moaned, breaking the kiss. He began to run his finger in and out of her tight asshole as she fucked him on the couch. She was hurtling towards another orgasm, every inch of her body fully stimulated. "UNH! UNH! UNH! UNH! UNH! UNH! OH GOD!!... OHHHHHHHHHHHHHH...!!!!!" she came again. He could feel her ass gripping his finger and her pussy gripping his cock. She stopped riding him, holding him withing her, grinding her crotch hard against him. She was gasping for breath as her orgasm subsided. 

She couldn't speak as he gently pushed her off of him, slipping his manhood out of her. Wordlessly, she allowed herself to be pushed gently onto her back again. She was looking at him with such love, there were tears in her eyes. The feelings he gave her, how well they meshed, all made her heart burst with joy. She lay back with her sexy legs open for him, and he got on top of her. They both looked down and watched him run his hard on up and down the lips of her cunt, teasing both of them. 

She lost track of how many orgasms he had given her since he arrived just a few hours ago. Yet she still needed him inside her. They watched his penis slowly part the petals of her vagina again, and he slowly disappeared in her. 

"Ohhhhhhh God this is heaven... " she moaned. He just smiled at her and kissed her briefly on the mouth. 

"I have to tell you something. " she said, "please don't hate me for telling you this. " He stopped, holding his organ deep inside her. 

"I love you Stacey, and you could never change that with anything that you say. " he replied. 

"Well," she said, "you know when you came inside me today in the bedroom and in the car?" 

"Yes" he answered. 

"Well," she paused, "Oh God, I'm scared to tell you this!" 

"Go on!" he assured her, "it's ok. " He loved how warm his cock felt inside her. She was struggling with her words. 

“First of all,” she started, “I wanted you to cum inside me because I am so in love with you, I love you more than anything, and I desperately wanted a part of you inside me. ” She paused for a moment, searching for words. Her hands were stroking his back gently, and her bare feet were caressing his legs lovingly. 

"I'll just come out and say it," she relented. “This is a very fertile time of the month for me,” she started. She hesitated, he could see the reluctance on her pretty face. "I'm not on the pill, I’m not taking any birth control. " she waited for a reaction, and didn't really get one. 

"I'm very fertile right now. " she added again. He smiled. 

"I love you, and I don't mind. " he said. She smiled back. 

"You're not mad?" she asked. 

"No. " he said. He was hard as a rock inside her! He began to slide in and out of her again. 

"You don't have to cum inside me now if you don't want to. " she said. He looked into her eyes. 

"I do want to, and I will cum inside you. I love you, and I want you to have my baby. " he said, his girlfriend not even remotely in his mind. Stacey's heart soared. 

"I love you too. " she said, shaking, "I would love to have your baby. " Now he was ready to lose it. He kissed her passionately and he began to piston in and out of her. Using long, hard strokes he rammed his rampant hard on into her rapidly. "UNH! UNH! UNH! UNH! OH GOD! YES! UNH! UNH! UNH!" she cried with each thrust. He was watching her tits bounce up as he screwed her for all he was worth. She was on the edge, herself. The feelings that the conversation brought in them set both of them off. 

"Oh, God Stacey I'm gonna cum!" he groaned, jackhammering in and out of her helpless body. Danny's words set her off. "UNH! UNH! UNH!... oh... OHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!" she came and she came hard. Her entire body was consumed with an intense feeling of love, passion, and ecstasy. Her limbs were wrapped tightly around his thrusting body as her entire being writhed with pleasure. 

He grunted, sliding his cock all the way inside her pulsating cunt, holding it there. His penis spasmed, and he moaned as a thick wad of his semen blasted inside her. Stacey's legs had a death grip around him, holding him tightly inside her as he filled her fertile womb with his seed. He was moaning, and they were gasping for air as his dick jerked violently inside her pussy, still shooting his cum into her. They were gasping for breath yet again as they kissed each other frantically, sloppily. 'smack, smack, smack, smack' they kissed repeatedly as the last of his sperm trickled into her. 

They held each other close, still naked, while they watched the movie. They actually managed to get through it all! They made love once more when they went to bed. For the fourth time in just over 6 hours, Danny ejaculated inside her. 

*this story is my personal favorite. Tell me what you think, and please vote!*