 Danny made his way out of the church he went to every Thursday night. He wasn't a religious man, far from it but that's where the local AA meetings were held, so every Thursday he made his way to Saint Agatha's. 

This particular Thursday he made his way out and saw the decorations being set up for town Saint Patrick's Day. It had always been a favorite holiday of his but now with his new found sobriety he was dreading the holiday. He usually went out and got hammered with anyone who was out, opting out of that he had thought about staying in but the boredom and loneliness might drive him to drink again. 

His sponsor Luther told him he was in a precarious position, he was only a month sober and Luther was afraid especially around this holiday that he'd fall off the wagon. He'd invited Danny to go out with him but as much as he liked having Luther to talk to he felt they'd have little in common but the drinking. 

Danny drank in the dank night air and looked around. It wasn't the nicest part of town but it was home, always had been. He looked down from the top of the church steps and saw a woman struggling to carry boxes from her car. Danny ran down the steps and grabbed the box before it toppled from her hands. 

"Thanks," she said. 

"No problem," said Danny taking the box, "lead the way." 

He followed the woman back into the church and towards the food bank. He stored the box where he was told and followed her back out to her SUV. 

"Need a hand with anymore?" he asked.

"No," she said, "it was a light haul, if it's not Thanksgiving people aren't as keen to give."

"I'm Danny," he said extending his hand.

"Molly," she said as they shook hands. 

"What brings you to the church on this dank Thursday evening?" asked Danny.

"I volunteer at the food bank," said Molly.

"Not going to ask why I'm here?" asked Danny.

"I thought it polite to not," she said, "didn't want to pry."

There was an awkward silence before he finally spoke. 

"Would you like to get something to eat?" he asked, "coffee and stale doughnuts will only do me for so long."

"Um," she said taken aback by his proposal, "yea, sure."

They walked around the corner to an all-night diner and took a seat at a booth.

"So Danny," she said after they'd ordered, "tell me about yourself."

"Well you know I'm a recovering alcoholic," he said, "I work for a shipping company, only child. How about you Molly?"

"I work in the fish market," she said, "and I volunteer at the church. I have six older siblings."

"That is a lot of family," he said, "especially since it was only dad and I."

They stopped and ate for a while before either of them spoke again.

"So how long have you been sober?" she asked.

"It will be one month this Saturday," he said.

"On Saint Patrick's Day?" she said, "that must be rough. What are you going to do?"

"I don't have any clue," he said, "I tried to pick up a shift at work but because of my past the foreman was loathe to trust me. Most of the people I called friends are alcoholics, can't understand why I wanted help and don't want any in return. My sponsor offered something but he's well-read and intelligent and I'm more of a buffoon."

"My house is a nightmare on Saint Patrick's Day as well," she said, "me my whole Irish family complete with aunts, uncles and cousins all under one roof. To put it kindly it's a shit show."

"I really don't know what to do without alcohol on Saint Patrick's Day," he said.

"Well maybe you need a friend," she said.

"That would be nice," said Danny.

"I'll be over at 10," she said, "give me your phone."

He did as he was told and she handed the phone back a moment later.

"I put my number in," she said, "text me your address and I'll bring food."

He said goodnight to Molly and walked her back to her car before turning to walk to his apartment. Danny flipped on the lights and locked the door. Thanks to Luther he had found a rent controlled studio apartment, better yet it was only a one story walk up. 

Friday night after work Danny cleaned his apartment, he hadn't had a guest other than Luther since he moved in and he wanted it to look good for Molly. As he laid down to bed that night he thought about Molly. She had glasses and long dirty blonde hair which she had had up in a ponytail. Her eyes were bright blue and almost piercing, he fell asleep thinking about them. 

He woke up the next morning, showered and shaved just in time to hear Molly at the door. He buzzed her up and waited for her. She came up with a very full grocery bag.

"Kitchen?" she asked.

He took the bag instead and led her to the kitchen. 

"Traditional Americanized Irish food for the holiday," she said, "the corned beef will take a while so you can help me with it and it will keep us occupied all day."

"Your family won't miss you?" he said.

"If they notice I'm gone I'll be surprised," she said, "either way I think you need me more here."

"That's nice considering you barely know me," said Danny. 

"What can I say?" she said, "I'm a good Catholic."

She gave him instructions for the corned beef and put the vegetables in the fridge for later. Once they were done she went into his living room area and put on the parade.

"You want a drink?" asked Danny before joining her.

"What do you have?" she asked.

"Water, orange juice, milk," he said, "and coke, lots of coke."

"That's your crutch?" she said.

"Yea," he said, "I always liked Jack and coke so the coke by itself helps."

"Just water please," she said.

"I actually didn't eat breakfast so I'm going to make myself some eggs too," said Danny, "you want any?"

"Sure," she said, "however you're having yours."

He came in when he was done with two plate of eggs and then got a glass of water for Molly and a glass of orange juice for himself.

"Eggs in a basket," she said looking at her plate, "my Nana used to make eggs like this when we visited her."

"I saw it in a movie once," he said, "I tried it and I just like it this way when I have the time to make it."

After breakfast he did the dishes and Molly helped him check on the corned beef. They had a few more hours before dinner was ready. 

"So I don't have a lot to do around here," said Danny, "I didn't have a lot to my name before I got sober and cards remind me of the gambling I did when I was drunk."

"So then tell me about yourself," said Molly, "other than what I already know."

"A lot of it after I turned fourteen was a blur," he said, "I was raised by an alcoholic father. Tried hard not follow in his footsteps but here I am."

"You're picking yourself up though," said Molly, "I have a lot of family that are in denial about their problems, some have come out ok, some I'm not so sure about."

"You see this every day and you're still here looking after me?" said Danny, "You really are a good Catholic."

"I try," she said with a smile.

Once the corned beef was almost ready Molly had him help her with the cabbage and potatoes. They were pretty straightforward, mostly boiling. After dinner was ready they sat down in his dining area to eat. 

"So what do you do for fun?" asked Molly, "now that you're sober."

"I haven't really found a hobby," he said, "I work and other than that I go to AA meetings."

"Well you have to have something you want to do other than wallow," said Molly, "have you tried reading? It's cheap and all you have to do is find something you like."

"I could give it a try," he said, "any suggestions?"

"James Joyce is one of my favorites," said Molly, "he writes about Dublin and I've always wanted to go."

"I've never done any travelling," said Danny, "other than Atlantic City."

"That's not really travelling," she said, "I want to experience other cultures."

"Oh it's another world in Atlantic City," said Danny, "but it's not a good one."

"So where have you always wanted to go?" asked Molly as she cleaned her plate.

"London," he said, "I don't know why, I just love seeing it in movies."

"A lot of history in London and Dublin," said Molly.

After they cleaned up dinner Danny walked Molly out to her car.

"I'll bring you a few books," said Molly, "somethings you might like."

"Thanks," said Danny, "it will be nice to have something to do other than watch TV."

Molly got to her car and turned to smile at Danny.

"You're really great for spending the day with me," he said, "I've never had someone I can count on before."

He leaned in and placed a soft slow kiss on Molly. He had never kissed someone while he was sober before and he loved the feeling of her lips on his. 

"Wow," said Danny.

"Wow," said Molly as she smiled back at him, "I haven't been kissed in..." she trailed off.

Danny pulled her in for another kiss this time he pressed his tongue into her mouth. The second kiss was for lack of a better word intoxicating. 

"I don't think I've ever had a sober kiss," said Danny, "it's like..."

"The first time," she cut in pressing her lips back to his. 

Once the kiss ended they both caught their breath.

"I'll wait for you outside the church Thursday night," said Molly.

The rest of the week was arduous, Danny focused on his work and picked up a book from the library. It was The Hobbit a book he remembered his grandfather reading to him before he passed. By Thursday morning he'd finished the book and returned it to the library. 

He made his way into work and no sooner had he punched in then the foreman Mason asked to see me in his office.

"Shit," thought Danny as he followed him in.

"You alright lately?" asked Mason.

"Yea," said Danny.

"You seem more focused, more aware," said Mason, "this past month anyway, the drivers you've packed for have told me they like your system."

"Thanks," said Danny, "he'd never gotten a compliment from his boss, it was weird."

"Anyway Donahue asked that you be the one who packs his shipments from now on," said Mason.

"Will do," said Danny.

He left work that day oddly happy with his job which he'd always just considered a thing he did. He made his way to the church and found Luther setting up.

"I didn't hear from you the night of the holiday," said Luther.

"I had a friend come over," he said, "we cooked, watched some TV and talked. It was nice."

"I'm glad to hear you made it through," said Luther.

The meeting went well and Danny got a pin for his one month. He left the meeting and found Molly waiting outside with a small stack of books.

"Hey," said Danny as he hugged her, "thanks for coming."

Molly leaned in and gave him a kiss before handing him the books. 

"Molly," said Luther from the doorway of the church, "how do you know Daniel?"

Luther was the only one who called him that.

"We met here last week," said Molly.

"Good," said Luther, "he could do with a positive impact on his life."

Molly smiled and turned her attention back to Danny.

"Diner again?" she asked.

"That'd be great," he said.

They found a booth and ordered as Danny looked at the books she'd given him, Ulysses, Dubliners, Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man. Three of Joyce's works.

"Ulysses is my favorite," she said, "it's really complex, a few readings and I still always discover new things."

"Sounds like a friendship," said Danny.

"It kind of is," she said drifting into thought as the food came.

Danny and Molly developed something of a schedule after that. Thursday she'd meet him and give him a book or two and they'd talk about his meeting. Saturdays he'd cook for her or vice versa and they would talk about their lives whatever they were reading or wanted to do. 

When Danny had gotten his three month chip Molly decided to take him out to a real restaurant. She thought he was ready to try eating in a place that also served alcohol though Danny wasn't so sure.

He picked her up at her house and they drove to the restaurant. As they were being seated Molly took the drink menu off the table and handed it to the waiter who removed it. They were seated away from the bar and Danny thought he might just make it. As he helped Molly into her chair she removed her coat to reveal a tight black dress with a rather revealing neckline. 

Danny tried not to stare as he took his seat, he hadn't noticed how well-endowed Molly was before, and he'd always been fixated on her smile and her eyes behind her glasses. Truthfully Danny hadn't been intimate since he was sober and he hadn't thought about Molly like that, until now.

"I don't mind if you sneak a peek," she said, "I figure a distraction might help, just try not to be too obvious."

He couldn't believe she was enticing him like this, dangling between her breasts was a crucifix seemingly teasing him. He turned his attention to the menu and ordered something that was cooked in a wine reduction. 

The meal was delicious for an Irish girl Molly sure had a taste for Italian food.

"The night is still young," she said as they got to his car, "why don't we go back to your place. You can put the kettle on for me?"

"Sounds good," said Danny.

Only he didn't have a kettle and Molly had pointed that out to him before.

When they got into his apartment Molly pulled him in for a long kiss. Once she managed to pull away she walked to the couch and took a seat before patting the cushion next to her inviting Danny to join her. 

Danny slid into the seat next to her and kissed Molly. She grasped the back of his head and held his lips to hers as she ran her hand up his inner thigh before grabbing his groin. 

"Danny you were so good tonight," she said, "how about a little reward?"

She didn't wait for an answer as she undid his belt and unzipped his pants. Within a matter of seconds she had his cock in her hands. She stroked his dick slowly a few times before taking one of his hand and putting it on her large breast.

"Have some fun with them Danny," she said, "You've been staring at them all night."

He squeezed her breast drawing a smile from Molly who stoked him faster while she cupped his balls with her free hand. 

"Ever had an old fashioned while you're sober?" she asked.

Danny shook his head no, enjoying her hands on his dick.

"Oh Danny I'm going to make you beg for it," she said.

Danny couldn't remember the last time he'd cum, he hadn't even masturbated since he got sober and Molly stoking him and teasing his balls was going to send him over the edge. He squeezed her breast tight and she slowed her pace. His orgasm slowly subsided as she smiled at him.

"Not yet," she said. 

He bit his lip as she started to stroke him quickly again, this time she leaned in and kissed his cheek and neck. 

"How much do you want it Danny?" she whispered in his ear.

"So much," he said. 

"Not yet," she said slowing her pace again. 

She got to her knees between his legs and slowly unzipped the back of her dress. She slid the straps off her shoulders and pulled the front down revealing the black satin bra she was wearing.

"I supposed you want to see what this bra is holding," she said.

Without waiting for an answer she reached around and undid the bra and painfully slowly she slid it out of the way letting her massive breasts spill out. Her crucifix still hung between her breasts and she took it off and put it on the coffee table. 

"Don't need you cumming on the cross," she said with a smile.

Danny put his head back as she grasped his cock with both hands. He didn't know where this Molly came from but he loved it. She held his erection between her large breasts as she stroked him. 

"Grab my breasts," she said, "play with them while I make you cum."

Danny squeezed her breasts and rubbed her nipples as best he could. Her tits were almost too big for his hands. 

"Tell me how much you want it Danny," she said.

"So fucking much," he said, "I want to cum so bad."

She stroked him furiously and he came hard the first blast flew high enough to hit her glasses the next few splattered down onto her hands and breasts.

"Wow," said Molly as she took her glasses off, "you liked your reward."

"Fuck," said Danny as he leaned his head back and closed his eyes.

Molly got up and showed herself to the bathroom. She came back and took a seat next to Danny her dress still pulled down revealing her large breasts. Danny leaned over and kissed Molly squeezing one of her breasts as he did. Molly grabbed the back of his head and pulled him into her breasts. He squeezed both of her breasts and pushed them against his face. 

Danny ran his tongue in circles around Molly's light pink nipple and sucked it until it was hard before doing the same to her other nipple. 

"You like tits don't you Danny?" she said.

"Molly with tits like these how could I not," said Danny before sliding his hand between her legs.

"You haven't even seen my ass yet," said Molly.

"Cross that bridge when we get to it," he said rubbing his fingers over her panties.

Molly's panties were soaked and Danny wasted no time slipping his hand into her panties. His fingers rubbed her pussy drawing a soft moan from Molly. 

"Be gentle with me," said Molly, "it's been a while."

Danny nibbled her ear lobe as he ran his fingers up and down her pussy. After a few rubs he slowly pressed his middle finger into her pussy. He slowly pushed his finger as far in as he could before slowly pulling it almost all the way out. Danny pushed his middle and index fingers into Molly before pulling almost all the way out. 

"Faster," moaned Molly.

He obliged her and kissed her breast flicking his tongue across her nipple. Danny hooked his fingers as he slid them in and out of Molly's wet pussy. 

"Feels good," said Molly, "Don't stop."

She grabbed the back of Danny's head and held him against her breasts. 

"Your pussy is so fucking wet," said Danny.

"Cause I'm cumming," she muttered.

Molly grabbed her tits that didn't currently have Danny's face pressed against it and gave it a squeeze. Danny leaned up and kissed Molly their teeth crashing on each other's. He looked up at Molly and their eyes locked. Her perfect blue eyes seemed to look right through him. She finally closed her eyes and cried out before grabbing his wrist to stop him from fingering her pussy.

"Oh Jesus," she gasped, "my pussy is so sensitive."

He slowly pulled his fingers out and Molly leaned on him resting her head on his chest.

"I can't remember the last time someone fingered me," said Molly.

"I can't remember the last time I got a handjob," said Danny, "could be cause of the drinking though."

Danny wrapped his arm around Molly and kissed the top of her head.

"Not that I'm not happy about all of this," said Danny, "but what prompted that?"

"Well," said Molly, "I've been in your apartment a few times and quite frankly I'm surprised you hadn't made a move."

"I really like you," said Danny, "I just didn't want to make you uncomfortable I don't exactly have a great track record with dating."

"Well how long do you usually wait?" she asked, "before you get physical."

"Usually I drink with someone and we make out," said Danny, "and then nudity ensues."

"Well now that we got here," said Molly, "you'll feel more comfortable in the future."

Danny asked Molly to spend the night but she insisted she go home. He drove her to her house and kissed her on the doorstep. 

"Maybe next time you can pick the restaurant," said Molly.

"Sounds good," said Danny, "next Saturday?"

"It's a date," she said, "but I'll see you Thursday night?"

"I can't wait," said Danny as he leaned back in and placed a long kiss on Molly.

That Saturday he and Molly went out to get Mexican. She deftly removed the drink menu from the table. They had a good dinner and went back to his place. Danny wanted to take Molly up on her offer and make a move. They put on a movie and Molly curled up in his arms. After a few minutes he was thinking about Molly more than whatever the actors were whining about. He leaned over and rested his hand on Molly's breast.
