 This is the second part of the 4 part story of my day. It was a little tame here, but parts 3 and 4 are absolutely amazing, and wild!

* * * * *

They smiled at each other, caressing each other's naked bodies softly, kissing over and over. After a few minutes of this, Stacey broke the silence. 

"Did you mean it when you said you loved me or were you just really into the sex?" He looked into her eyes. 

"I meant it." She gasped, tears welling up in her eyes. 

"I love you Danny." She said, heart pounding. 

"I love you too Stacey." She kissed him hard, eagerly. She broke the kiss. 

"Will you make love to me again?" she asked. He was hard again already. He didn't answer. Instead, he rolled on top of her. She eagerly parted her legs for him as he got on top of her. Her pussy was unprotected, at the mercy of his cock. He kissed her softly, rubbing against her. As if with a mind of its own, the head of his organ found the entrance to her warm treasure. He slid all the way inside her easily, in one stroke. 

"Ohhhhh ye-e-e-essss." She sighed into his mouth, his hot pole filling her aching hole. Her warm pussy gripped his penis tightly, holding him there as they kissed loudly. He began to slide in and out of her lovingly, her feet again caressed his legs as he made love to her. She moaned into his mouth, thoroughly enjoying his cock. He made love to Stacey for a few minutes more before she pushed him off of her gently, and rolled him onto his back. She straddled him, kissing him over and over as she rubbed her wet pussy against his shaft. She was gasping for breath as she teased the both of them. 

"I love you so much Danny." She said, kissing him. His cock jumped at her words. She reached underneath her and grabbed his rock hard dick. Teasing him, she ran the mushroom head along the lips of her cunt slowly, coating the head with her juices. He could feel the heat emanating from her twat as she rubbed the entrance with his dick. Finally, she let him slip inside her. Stacey pushed down on his lap, sliding his entire penis back inside her vagina. 

"Ohhhhhhh God this feels amazing." She sighed. She began to raise and drop her ass on his lap, sliding his organ in and out of her eager cunt. Her pussy was so warm, so hot around his penis! His hands grabbed her naked asscheeks and squeezed them tightly as he watched her ride him. Her enormous tits were bouncing up and down as she rode him faster, gasping for breath. He licked at her tits whenever they bounced near him, he was pulling her ass down on him, helping her fuck him. Stacey was losing control, about to orgasm. She was bouncing hard on him and could not catch her breath. "UNH! UNH! UNH! UNH! UNH! Oh God Danny I'm cumming! OHHHHHHHHHH! OHHHHHHHHHHHH! OHHHHHHHHHH! Ohhhhhhh!" she moaned as her pussy clamped and released his dick in orgasm. His lips found hers and she kissed him eagerly, gasping for breath inside his mouth. Keeping his dick inside her, he rolled them onto their side. Still holding her soft ass cheeks he began to fuck her on their side. He looked down at her beautiful foot as it flailed above them. She was moaning and kissing all over his face as he fucked her. He was losing it, as was she. 

"I'm gonna cum!" he warned, fucking her harder. 

"Ohhhhh God! Cum inside me!" She cried, "I need you to cum inside me! I love you Danny! Please cum inside my pussy!" Her words caused him to lose it. He pumped her rapidly a few more times. Stacey came. She moaned so loudly in his ear as her fertile pussy convulsed around his thrusting organ. He jammed his cock all the way inside her and held it there, holding her tightly against him. Her lips found his and he kissed her hard as he ejaculated inside her. A huge load of cum shot out of his penis and into Stacey's vagina. Load after load of his seed poured into Stacey's needy, fertile womb as he gasped for breath in her mouth. Her leg was tightly holding him inside of her, forcing him to empty every drop of his sperm into her young, eager vagina. 

They exchanged tongues for awhile as they caught their breath, his penis grew soft in her pussy. He felt a little stupid for cumming inside her unprotected, fertile vagina, but he could not say no to her. He was her slave. Even now, after cumming, he could not say no to her. Their lovemaking had lasted over 2 hours that morning and it was now almost 1. 

They held each other and caressed each other and kissed each other lovingly, talking for the next half hour. His soft penis stayed inside her the entire time. He looked deep into her eyes. "I love you." He said. "I love you too" she returned, holding his cheek and kissing him softly. Finally, at about 1:30, he slid his dick out of her snatch with a slurp, and they got up out of bed. 

Stacey put on one of his white T-shirts and her panties and they went to the living room and had lunch together. He was wearing only underwear and seeing the near naked body of such a goddess had him aroused in no time.

Shortly after 2, Stacey put down her plate. "Now it's time for desert." She said mischievously, her bare legs straddling his. She grabbed his underwear and pulled them down his legs, unleashing his rampant hard on. She wrapped her expert fingers around his shaft and began to gently stroke him as she bent towards his lap. He watched her look up at him as her tongue snaked out and slowly licked from the bottom of his shaft up to the top. Her tongue left a trail of saliva on his pole as it made its way to the top. She licked all around his mushroom head, teasing him. 

He watched her open her mouth and slip the head of his penis into her mouth. He moaned softly as his mushroom head was engulfed by the moist warmth of her mouth. She sucked hard on the part of his organ that was in her mouth, licking at the sensitive skin. She pulled it out of her mouth with a slurp, holding his cock in the air. She smiled at him, kissing the head. Stacey slipped his dick back into her mouth and slid her lips down his entire pole. 

He moaned, feeling his entire penis get hot inside her expert mouth. She began to bob her head up and down on his lap, her lips sliding up and down his shaft, sucking him hard. The sucking and slurping noises that she made grew louder as she slobbered all over his cock. 'slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp' went her mouth as she gave him amazing head. His hand was on the back of her head the entire time, caressing her hair, guiding her. Her mouth was so warm, so slick – she was a pro. In just a few minutes, Danny realized that he was losing it. 

"I'm gonna cum.." he grunted. Stacey pulled his cock out of her mouth with a slurp, completely releasing it. She was determined not to waste a drop of his cum, that all of it would end up in her pussy, as often as possible. She stood up and pushed her skimpy panties down, exposing her beautiful, neatly shaven treasure trail of a bush just above gorgeous swollen pussy lips. She stepped out of her panties. He was still on the edge, and seeing her sweet cunt didn't help matters. 

Stacey climbed up on top of him, grabbing his dick and raising it up into the air. She pressed it against her pink lips and they parted easily for him. Stacey sank right down on his pole, his entire penis piercing her needy vagina. They both moaned, her hot pussy gripping the full length of his cock. 

"Oh my God Stacey, I'm gonna cum!" he repeated. 

"I know," she breathed, smiling, "I want you to cum inside me again!" Again he couldn't deny her. He was on the edge. She began to ride him hard, her slick cunt gliding up and down his organ. He grabbed an asscheek in each hand, pushing her down on him over and over again, just a few last minute strokes before he blew his wad. 'squeek, squeek, squeek, squeek, squeek, squeek' went the couch as he pounded up into her. Danny lost it. 

He slid his cock all the way into her and held her beautiful ass down hard against his lap. Stacey pressed down on him, looking to milk every ounce of cum out of his dick. His penis spasmed inside her vagina, firing a huge load of sperm into her. He moaned as she kissed at his lips, more of his seed flowing into her womb. His cock continued to spasm violently, load after load of his semen shooting hard into Stacey's pussy. 

"Ohhhhh God Danny I love you so much!" she moaned, grinding her crotch against him as she kissed all over his face. He held her close as they caught their breath, his penis softening inside her. His hands caressed her soft smooth ass as they kissed gently. After a few more minutes she got off of him, his soft dick slipping out of her sopping wet vagina with a slurping noise. She lay beside him.