 Those that care about the timeline - this story takes place after "Stacey the Lover" and before "Stacey the Mistress". Otherwise, enjoy, as each set is it's own story.

Stacey had the benefit of sleeping in until one in the afternoon. She woke up alone in her bed and smiled, reflecting. She could still feel Danny’s cum inside her. She obviously could not feel his sperm fertilizing her egg, but she had an idea that it was happening - or would soon happen. She lay in bed naked, thinking about him until after two before she got up. She reached into her drawer and grabbed a pair of skimpy white panties. She stepped into them and slid them up her smooth, tanned legs. She threw on a white T-shirt and went into the kitchen to grab a bite to eat.

After lunch she jumped into the shower. Danny would be over at 5 or 6 he said, and would have to leave by 7. She was going to make him dinner, and she hoped that he would have time to fuck her a couple of times. Stacey couldn’t believe what this man did to her – she couldn’t stop thinking about him! She was a horny woman, sure, but this was crazy! She was a little sore from last night and that morning. Her ass hurt a little, too.

When there was a knock on the door at 4 o’clock, Stacey was caught unprepared. She had showered, but that was about it. Her hair was mostly dry, and up in a quick ponytail, but she had no makeup on. She was still wearing just a T-shirt, panties, and white socks and was just about to start getting ready when she heard the knock. She was a little flustered, but her joy superseded it. She looked out the peephole. There he was, wearing jeans and a sweater, patiently waiting. Her pussy was tingling as she reached for the doorknob.

Danny’s heart soared when she opened the door. The woman he loved stood before him wearing nothing but a T-shirt and panties. He could tell that she was braless. 

“Hi.” He said, smiling as he stepped inside.

“Hi!” She smiled back, getting on her toes for a kiss. He pushed the door shut behind him as he sucked her upper lip into his mouth. She kissed him again, her tongue darting into his mouth as she pressed her body closer to him. His hands slid around to Stacey’s ass, slipping into the sides of her panties and feeling the cold smooth skin of her ass. 

She broke the kiss, pushing away from him a little and smiling at him. She took him by the hand, pulling him towards her bedroom.

“I want to do something for you.” She said erotically. He wasn’t sure what it was, but he desperately wanted her to do it!

Once in the bedroom, she turned to him, grabbing her shirt. She pulled it up her beautiful body, over her luscious tits, over her face and off. Now she was standing before him wearing only a skimpy white pair of panties and her white socks. 

Danny scrambled to pull off his sweater, and was about to work on his jeans when her hand grabbed his and pushed it away. She looked at him with her sexy eyes and gently pushed him back onto her bed. She straddled him and he couldn’t have been more turned on. His dream woman, almost completely naked, was on top of him. Her bountiful breasts were heaving as she looked down on him.

“I love you Danny, and this is going to be all for you.” She said softly. With that she kissed him, lightly at first but harder as she became even more turned on. Her tongue was exploring his mouth as her well-manicured hands caressed the outside of his arms. Stacey began to kiss down his neck to his chest, and her hands began to lightly scratch up and down his torso as she went. Her lips softly brushed over his skin, kissing lower and lower, tongue teasing over his nipples briefly. Her nails scratched his chest a little harder as her kisses reached his stomach. 

Danny was conscious of her huge, naked breasts brushing against the bulge in his jeans as she kissed down to his belly button. Looking up at him, Stacey kissed him over his pants. He sighed, closing his eyes for a moment before forcing them open – he didn’t want to miss a thing!

She smiled at him again, her fingers undoing his belt. His heart soared at the sight of her gorgeous smile, and her captivating eyes. God, he loved this woman! She undid his button and fly, pulling his jeans open and revealing his red boxer shorts. His cock had formed a huge tent in them, and thrills shot up her pussy at the sight. She kissed his shaft through the material, causing it to twitch. 

Stacey placed her mouth over it, again through the material, teasing him. She looked up at him mischievously, rubbing over his shaft with her hand.

“Do you want me to take this out?” She asked. Danny smiled.

“Yes.” He swallowed. Her hand squeezed it lovingly. She pulled the shorts down a fraction of an inch, revealing only the tip of his penis. She licked it quickly with her tongue. He gasped, thrusting his hips off the bed at her.  She smiled, covering his dick back up again. He could not get any harder! She was sticking her beautiful ass up in the air, and he loved looking at the tanned cheeks surrounding the tiny white string of her panties. 

Stacey grabbed his jeans and tugged. He raised his ass up off the bed and allowed her to pull his pants down. She stopped at his knees, however, only wanting to expose his boxers. She was so incredibly wet! She would like nothing more than to have this man inside her once again, but she made a promise to herself that she would do something exclusively for him. 

She bent forward and kissed the bulge in his shorts again. Danny reached down and placed his hands in her hair, pulling her towards him, needing her. She pulled his shorts down a little, once again exposing just the head of his manhood. Her tongue snaked out and she lightly licked it. She kissed it softly, lovingly. 

Suddenly, Stacey got up on her knees and grabbed his jeans, tugging them roughly. She pulled hard on them, yanking them off first one foot, and than the other. He was left lying before her wearing only his red boxers and black socks. She pulled his shorts halfway down his pole. Her crotch began to tingle more intensely at the sight of it, and she couldn’t help but consider slipping that beautiful thing inside her. She chased the thought out of her head, sticking to her plan of pleasuring him and him only. 

Stacey looked into his eyes as she bent towards his lap. Her tongue snaked out and she slowly licked him from the middle of his shaft up to the top. She teased her tongue around his mushroom head, trailing saliva over the top. 

He was dying to just have her take him in her mouth. He needed it! She kissed his helmet, continuing to drag her seduction on.

He grabbed her head again, holding her hair tight and not letting her move away before she could take him in her mouth. He was breathing heavily, watching her as she opened her mouth and slowly sucked the top of his penis inside. He moaned, watching his cock slowly disappear into her beautiful face. 

She grabbed his shorts and moved it down his legs further, completely freeing his penis as her lips slowly slid further down. She felt him press against her throat, and she buried her nose in his pubic hair. Her lips were now wrapped around the base of his manhood. She began to slowly slide her mouth up and down his cock, her lips gliding snugly along his shaft. ‘Slurp slurp slurp slurp slurp’ she sucked hungrily on his member. 

Stacey felt a tremendous urge to taste his seed. She wanted to swallow his cum. She had yet to do that to Danny, the man that she loved more than anything. It was something that she had only done a handful of times in her entire life, and something that she really wasn’t into, but when it comes to Danny, she found herself desperately wanting him in every way possible.

She pulled him out of her mouth and grabbed his boxers. She pulled them right down and off, taking his socks with them. She slid her thumbs under the waistband of her panties and shoved them down. For a moment, she thought that might be a mistake, exposing her pussy like that – she would surely be tempted to just sit on his cock! She slid them off anyway, knowing that he would love to see her naked.

Stacey straddled his legs and bent towards his cock again. Her tongue snaked out and she licked at his balls, as if she hadn’t teased him enough! She crawled up towards him, lifting his legs up onto her thighs and forcing his cock up into the air. She grabbed her tits and placed one on either side of his dick, squeezing them together.

“Do you like this?” Stacey asked quietly, a big smile on her face.

“Oh God Stacey.” Danny sighed, “You’re so amazing!” His eyes were locked on her magnificent breasts that were squeezing his cock. He watched her as she ran her tits up and down his saliva-covered dick. She looked down, licking at the head of his manhood every time it appeared above her tits.

“Ohhh…fuck my tits, Danny.” She moaned erotically. Just touching his penis had her incredibly turned on. She was so wet. She was dying to sink his organ into her! She had to make him cum soon before she lost control!

“I love you Danny.” Stacey moaned, still rubbing her tits up and down his shaft. He didn’t respond. He was too lost in the feeling.

“Are you gonna cum for me?” She purred. “I want to taste your cum. I want to swallow all of your cum Danny. Give it to me!” She was practically begging, and her words pushed him closer to the edge. 

Suddenly, Stacey moved her tits out of the way, grabbed his cock, and shoved it into her mouth hungrily.

“Mmmmph!” She moaned as her lips slid down his pole. ‘Slurp slurp slurp slurp slurp’ she gobbled on his cock eagerly.

Danny was writhing his hips up off the bed, fucking her mouth. His balls were heating up.

“Ohhhhhhh…” He moaned, grabbing her by the hair and forcing her mouth down around the base of his cock. She felt it spasm in her mouth, and hot liquid sprayed off her tongue. Stacey felt his cock twitch again, and more thick cum shot against the back of her mouth. She frantically swallowed it, tasting his salty offering. He moaned again, penis jerking. Another hot load of semen poured into her mouth and she made sure that every drop went down her throat. 

Stacey’s hand cupped his balls and she sucked hard on Danny’s cock, forcing more of his cum into her mouth. She pulled him out of her mouth, smiling at him.

“I love you!” She sang happily, her smile growing even bigger. Her well-manicured hand grabbed his semi-hard cock and squeezed. A drip of white fluid appeared at the tip. Looking into his eyes, she bent and shot her tongue out. He watched it gather his cum and pull back into her mouth. She swallowed it, smiling triumphantly. Both of them were gasping for breath. Stacey placed a hand on her chest.

“God! You sure do cum a lot, don’t you?” She stated in awe. He grinned.

“YOU make me cum far more than I normally would.” Danny replied. His eyes were on her beautiful naked body as she knelt between his legs. Her bountiful breasts were hanging over his cock. She slithered on top of him; there was nothing but love in her eyes.

“Is that how much cum you shoot inside me every time?” She asked in a sensual voice. If that’s the case, she thought, than she HAD to be pregnant!

“Probably even more than that!” He responded. She was on top of him now completely, straddling him and pressing her breasts against his chest. Her pussy tingled at his words and she kissed him softly, lips smacking. Just the thought of that much cum, Danny’s cum, shooting into her pussy turned her on more than anything. His hand slid down her soft ass and gave it a squeeze. She could feel him grow a little already, and she pressed her crotch down on him a little. He could feel how sopping wet her pussy was when she rubbed it against his shaft!

“Do you know what I’d love?” Stacey asked between kisses.

“What?” Danny breathed. He loved how her lips felt touching his, and how her soft, warm, naked body felt on top of his.

“I would love…” she kissed him again, “to have you inside of me…” more kisses, “and shoot that much cum into me right now.” She felt him grow to full hardness against her at her words. He grabbed the back of her head and held her as he pressed his mouth against hers, his tongue exploring. She kissed him back just as passionately, slowly running her dripping wet cunt up his pole. When she felt herself reach the top, she used the entrance to her needy treasure to grip the head of his penis. She broke the kiss, looking at him lustfully.

“I love you.” Stacey breathed, and pushed downwards. He moaned as he felt her warm vagina glide down the entire length of his rock hard member. He was inside the woman he loved, and his hands slid down and grabbed her ass, holding her. 

Stacey grinded her pussy against him, watching him affectionately. She jutted her chest out at him, offering him her breasts. Danny released her ass and grabbed onto her mounds, squeezing them lovingly. She began to slide her horny pussy up and down his pole as he lifted up and licked at her nipple. He licked all around her areola as she fucked him slowly. He sucked a hard nipple into his mouth, his hand still caressing her other tit as she continued riding him. He could hear her breathing heavily above him. She was conscious of every inch of his throbbing member gliding along the inside walls of her vagina. It wouldn’t take too long to get her to cum!

Danny released her breast from his mouth and looked up at her. She kissed him eagerly, ramming her ass up and down on his lap even faster. Her tongue shot recklessly into his mouth as she moved quicker and quicker. His hands slid around to her soft ass, squeezing it lustfully. She felt so incredible; her pussy was so warm around him. He could feel her feet pressing on the outside of his legs.

Suddenly, he lifted her up off of him. She was caught off guard as she felt his manhood slip out of her. Both of them were gasping for breath.

“Crawl up here,” he panted, “I want to eat you out.” She smiled at him and crawled up his body, brushing her huge tits against his chest and face as she went. His hands grabbed her beautiful ass and guided her to his face. Her thighs were on either side of him, and all he could see was her wonderful pussy. The scent of her arousal was powerful, and his heart pounded with desire. Grabbing her ass tightly, he pressed her down to his lips, slipping his tongue inside her.

“Ohhhh…” she sighed. Stacey grinded her cunt against Danny’s face, and he sucked her swollen lips into his mouth. He sucked and released them, sucked and released them, over and over again. His hands held her ass in place as she squirmed against him. He pushed his tongue as far into her needy hole as he could, tasting her and gathering her juices on his tongue. She could feel an orgasm begin to rise and she pressed her crotch harder against his face.

He licked up her swollen lips to her clit, and she gasped when he nudged it. His hands, meanwhile, had moved closer to the crack of her ass and he began to lightly run his fingertips up and down it. He sucked her clit into his mouth at the same time as his finger touched the entrance to her anus.

“Ohhhhh God!” She cried, bolts of pleasure firing up her body. He ran his tongue over her clitoris and slid his middle finger into her tight asshole. Stacey winced, almost there…

“UNHHH!” She moaned, cumming hard. Danny was finger fucking her ass as he sucked hard on her little clit; she was cumming all over him! He loved how tight her ass gripped his finger, and he continued sliding it in and out of her as she came violently. She whimpered, almost falling forward but holding herself up against the wall. She couldn’t take any more, and she rolled off of him, forcing his finger out of her ass. She fell on the bed, widthwise across it. She was gasping for breath, chest heaving as she recovered. 

As he got up on his knees, he looked at the beautiful Stacey. She was looking back at him with love, massive breasts heaving, her legs spread wide apart for him. Her feet were flat on the bed, and her pussy quivered invitingly. 

His cock was standing at full attention as he knelt between her open legs. She reached down and her well-manicured fingers wrapped around his pole. She quickly ran the fat head down the swollen petals of her vagina; she was shaking with desire. She put him into position and then let him go, her eyes locked on his. 

“I love you.” Danny said to her with a smile. Her heart soared and she was about to say the same thing back to him when he thrust forward. His thick penis forced its way into her pussy, sliding inside her in one hard stroke.

“Unh!” Was all Stacey could gasp as the man she loved entered her body. Her tits rocked up and down on her chest with the sudden motion. He held himself deep inside her warmth. He loved how tight her pussy gripped his cock, and he loved how his groin looked pressed against her. He could see her pink lips wrapped tightly around the base of his manhood. He kept his body upright as he grabbed her right ankle and raised her tanned foot up to his face. He began to slide in and out of her as he lightly kissed the tip of her toe. 

“Ohhh God…” Stacey moaned, “what is it with my feet?” She asked, smiling. “Here, have my other one.” She raised her left leg and placed her foot on his cheek as he began kissing over the top of her right one. This turned him on to no end, and he grabbed both ankles and began to kiss all over the bottom of each foot. His eyes were looking over her entire beautiful body as he entered her over and over again. He was kissing the instep of each foot, and licking the skin over top of it. 

As Danny continued to bury his hard penis into Stacey’s warmth, he sucked the first three toes of her right foot into his mouth. He let go of her left one and just caressed the calf of her right leg with both hands, still sucking her toes. He was moving in and out of her a little faster now, and she kept her left foot up near his face, occasionally nudging his cheek with her toes. 

He pulled her toes out of his mouth and looked at her gorgeous face as he gave the top of her foot another kiss. Stacey’s facial features were so perfect he felt his heart melt and he nearly came on the spot. So very beautiful – her eyes, her lips, her skin…

He let go of her legs and fell on top of her, looking into her eyes.

“God I love you, Stacey.” He said to her. She broke into the most beautiful smile imaginable and he knew that he wouldn’t last much longer.

“I love you too, Danny.” She replied, arms going around his neck and legs going around his waist. His mouth was on hers and they kissed deeply as he began hard thrusts in and out of her needy hole.

“MMMPH! MMMPH! MMMPH!” Her tongue swirled around in his mouth as she moaned loudly every time he slammed into her. Stacey could feel an orgasm rocket towards her – it was just that easy with him. Her feet locked behind his bouncing ass as she got fucked hard. She gave her heart to him. She could feel her love for him in every part of her body and just having him inside her was enough to make her cum.

“MMMMPH!” She came. Her tongue was still dancing in his mouth, but she hadn’t the strength to kiss as an orgasm washed over her. Every one of her muscles was tense, and the blood was running quickly through her veins. She felt Danny’s rock hard penis slide into her convulsing pussy, but this time it remained there. Time stood still. At that point, she was in tune with every part of her body. Stacey could feel his penis swell up even more inside her. She could feel it jerk inside her pulsating vagina, and she could feel his thick fluid shoot into her. His tongue was rubbing against hers as his cock spasmed inside her again, unleashing another hot load of his seed into her needy womb. 

Stacey was still cumming, and the walls of her vagina were squeezing at him, grabbing at the sperm that he offered and pulling it into her.  She squeezed her legs together around him tightly, holding him in her. Danny’s manhood twitched again, more of his cum poured into her. The two were out of breath and in love, only having the strength to rub tongues as he gave her everything he had. 
