 At around 3:30, they decided to take a shower. He needed to clean the scent of pussy off his body before he picked up Charmaine at 5. Stacey started the shower and pulled his T-shirt off of her, revealing her amazing breasts. Seeing her naked had him aroused all over again. Her soft, tanned skin, her huge tits, her nipples were erect, her perfectly shaven bush – amazing. 

They stepped into the shower and Danny watched as Stacey's hair became wet, water cascading all over her, dripping down her beautiful body. Being naked, he could not hide how hard he was, and Stacey's pussy moistened when she noticed it. She smiled at him, putting her arms around his neck and stepping up to him. 

She kissed him lightly, still smiling, dimples appearing. She brought her hand down and stroked his cock as she kissed him again, this time her tongue slid into his mouth. He grabbed the soft, wet skin of her ass as they made out in the shower. 

Stacey broke the kiss and sunk to her knees as water poured on her back and shoulders. His hard cock was inches from her smiling face as she continued to stroke him, looking at it. She shoved it eagerly into her mouth, sinking the entire thing inside all at once. He moaned as warmth engulfed his organ in an instant. He placed his hand on her wet hair, watching her lips glide up and down his organ. She pulled his dick out of her mouth and held it straight up as she lapped at his balls hungrily, sucking them inside. Her hand stroked his cock as she licked all over his bag and his shaft. She stood up in front of him, smiling her beautiful smile. 

"Fuck me again Danny" she said erotically. He slipped his arms around her soft, wet body, hands grabbing her ass. He kissed her hard, tongue sliding into her mouth. They were both breathing heavily into each other's mouth, pressing their wet bodies against one another. He broke the kiss and Stacey was helpless as he spun her around. She bent over in front of him in the shower, arms resting on a ledge at the end of the shower. 

He almost came just at the sight of her amazing ass bent over in front of him, soaking wet. Stacey parted her legs, giving as much of herself to him as she could. As bad as he was dying to shove his cock into her, he found the strength to kneel behind her. He kissed each of her ass cheeks, his hands grabbing them and squeezing them, spreading them apart. He could see her asshole as his hands held her cheeks apart. Danny kissed along the crack of her beautiful ass, kissing down towards her treasure. 

He kissed her puckered pussy lips and she gasped, tingles shooting up and down her body. He sucked the swollen lips of her cunt into his mouth, running his tongue up and down them as he sucked gently. Stacey brought her hand down between her legs and began to diddle her clitoris as he tongued her slit. He let her sensetive lips slip out of his mouth and he licked up the inside of her cunt towards her ass, tasting her delicious juices. She was gasping for breath as her fingers and his tongue were sending her on her way. Danny buried his face right in her ass, his tongue jamming into her gash as far as it would go. 

"Ohhhhhhh..." she sighed, pussy on fire. He licked up to her ass, running his tongue around the entrance to her asshole. Stacey got even wetter, loving getting fucked up the ass and not believing that Danny was licking around there. He slid his tongue into her asshole. 

"Ohhhhhhh yes..." she whispered, her fingers rubbing her clit harder. Squeezing her ass tightly, he began to slide his tongue in and out of her anus, licking all over the tight hole. 

"Oh God, I'm gonna cum...I'm gonna cum...Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh" she moaned, cumming. Her entire body was wracked in orgasm, her vagina and her asshole were pulsating. He kissed each of her ass cheeks again as she recovered, gasping for breath. He stood up behind her, his cock now harder than ever. He ran the tip of his cock down the crack of her ass, Stacey stayed bent over in front of him, heart pounding, pussy quivering. 

He placed the mushroom head of his dick against the swollen lips of her cunt. He pushed forward and her lips parted easily for his member, allowing him to slide all the way inside in one stroke. 

"OHHH God!" she moaned as a cock slid into her while they were in the shower. She pressed her ass back against him, trying to get him as deep in her as possible. Danny grabbed the sides of her ass and began to fuck her. He immediately began to fuck her hard, there was no stopping him. His penis slid in and out of her horny vagina using long hard strokes. He was staring down at her beautiful ass as he fucked her, her ass cheeks were shaking with each impact. 'slap, slap, slap, slap, slap, slap, slap' went his groin loudly against her ass. 

Her cunt was so hot, so warm around his thrusting rod as he fucked her for all he was worth. She was going to cum again already, he screwing her so hard! "UNH! UNH! UNH! UNH! UNH! OHHHHHHH! OHHHHHHH!" she moaned, cumming again. Her cunt was spasming violently around his driving cock, her entire body was in heaven, she couldn't breathe, she thought her heart would explode! Still Danny fucked her doggy style right there in the shower, slapping hard against her ass. 

"Oh God!" she cried, recovering, "fuck me up the ass!" He didn't need to be told twice. He had been staring at her ass the entire time, desperately wanting in there. He slid his cock out of her slick pussy and ran the mushroom head up the crack of her sexy ass. It stopped at the entrance to her asshole and her heart pounded in anticipation. 

He pushed forward, but her ass wouldn't give. 

He pushed harder, trying to squeeze the head inside her tight hole. Still no luck. He looked at the back of the ledge, hoping the bottle of baby oil was there and not in the bedroom. Now he was in luck! There it was. He grabbed it, scrambling to get it open. He poured it onto his cock, rubbing it all over the head and shaft. He put the bottle back as he prepared to try again.

He placed his lubed up cock at the entrance to her asshole again. Danny pushed forward and watched his hard penis slowly slide into Stacey's asshole. 

"Ohhhhhhhhh fuck! Oh my God!" she moaned with pleasure. His cock was halfway up her ass. He slid partway out and than rammed it back in, this time jamming his entire dick into her anus. "UNH!" she moaned in a mix of pain and pleasure. He grabbed the sides of her ass and held it against him. He looked down at her ass, loving how it looked with his cock disappearing into her tight asshole. He began to fuck her, gentle at first so as not to hurt her. In and out of her asshole he went, over and over. In no time at all, she relaxed and was actually ramming her ass backwards to meet his thrusts. She was moaning loudly as her ass got fucked, and she was losing control again. Danny slid his hand around to the front of her body, his fingers finding her clitoris as he fucked her ass. As soon as his fingers rubbed her clit her orgasm exploded. 

"OHHHHHHH GOD! OHHHHHHHH GOD! OHHHHHHHH! OHHHHH FUCK!" She cried, cumming hard. Gasping for breath, heart pounding, her ass and cunt were convulsing. He let out a moan, starting to lose it. 

Fearful that his precious seed would be wasted in her ass, she cried out "Fuck my pussy Danny! I need you in my pussy!" Her words almost caused him to lose it again, but he managed to slip his cock out of her asshole. 

Her entire body tingling, Stacey spun around and sat up on the ledge, spreading her sexy legs wide for him. Her pink pussy lips were quivering in anticipation, her feet were resting on the edge and she leaned back on her hands, the ledge being about 3 square feet in size. Looking at her beautiful pussy, he decided to prolong his orgasm. He needed to eat that pussy again! 

He knelt before her and buried his face in her pussy, licking and sucking all over it. She moaned, placing her ankles over his shoulders as he licked her snatch. He loved the taste of her cunt, and he jammed his tongue right in there. He sucked her clit into his mouth and his tongue flicked over it while he sucked it. He lapped at the sensitive nub as he held it in his mouth. 

Stacey felt a fourth orgasm rise, never having got off so much in one day! He couldn't take it anymore though, he had to fuck her. She watched him stand up before her, cock standing at attention as he stood between her legs. She grabbed his cock in one hand and placed it at the entrance to her treasure. Danny rammed it into her hard, the warmth of her vagina immediately engulfing his entire penis. 

"UNH!" she moaned as he filled her up. Her lips found his and she began to kiss him, but was forced to break the kiss as she began to get fucked really hard. In and out of her wanting cunt his cock slid, faster and faster. Stacey could not stop moaning as she hurtled towards orgasm. She came, and her cries could be heard outside the apartment. He was losing it as well. Her huge breasts were bouncing violently up and down with each of his hard thrusts. Her feet were flailing behind his thrusting ass. His cock jackhammered in and out of her helplesss body as her orgasm took over her every thought. 

"Oh God, Stacey," he cried, "I'm cumming!" 

"Ohh yes Danny" she moaned excitedly, "cum inside me again! I can't get enough of your cum!" He pumped her a few more times before he lost it. He slid his penis all the way inside Stacey's eager vagina and held it there deep inside of her. A long thick stream of cum fired out the top of his dick and into her pussy. 

He moaned, shooting out more semen into her womb. His fourth load of cum that day shot into Stacey's fertile cunt, and she held him close to her, ensuring that she would get all of it. They kissed softly for a minute, as the shower continued to run around them. It had turned rather cold at this time, so he slipped out of her sopping cunt with a slurp. 

They hurriedly showered and cleaned all the lovemaking off of their bodies.