 *Once again, my stories can be read on there own. However, for those that care, the order is Stacey the Temptress, Lover, Mistress, Sinner. These last three stories conclude Danny and Stacey's amazing tale. Let me know what you think!*

After 3 incredible experiences with Stacey, Danny became very creative in finding new ways to see her. He was head over heels in love with this woman, and his feelings for Charmaine took a back seat at this point. Just picturing her soft, tanned skin, her captivating brown eyes, her amazing body with perfect curves. Her long, sexy legs, her bountiful breasts. That, plus how perfect they were together, had her on his mind 100% of the time. The Friday after Stacey left, 6 days later, Danny and Charmaine were in Stacey's city to visit family. They would be in the area for 2 days, and had plans the entire time. However, he had to see Stacey. No question. If only for a minute, he had to see her. 

It was Friday evening, and Danny told everyone that he was going out to get pop from the store. He drove directly to Stacey's house instead. 

She was aware that he would be nearby that weekend. She knew he would try to see her. She just did not know when. When she heard a knock on her door, her heart leapt and her vagina tingled, hoping it was him. She was only wearing skimpy black panties and a long T-shirt that went to the bottom of her ass. She looked out the window. It was him. Smiling, she opened the door. 

"Hi!" he said, handing her a single rose. He smuggled that in the car earlier that day just for this occasion. 

He stepped inside and his dick twitched a little when he noticed how little she had on. Her smooth legs were so incredibly sexy he had trouble looking away from them. She took the rose from him. 

"Thank you!" she said, wrapping her arms around his neck. She gave him a big hug. His hands rested on her lovely ass as they held each other at the door. "I don't have much time." he said, "I said I was just going out for pop!" She laughed, and her lips found his. They kissed softly, lips smacking. Her tongue darted into his mouth and she felt the bulge in his jeans press against her stomach. She felt herself become even more aroused. She broke the kiss. 

"Come on in!" she said as she walked into the living room. His eyes dropped to her ass as she walked away, just barely making out the bottom of it under her shirt. Her long, tanned legs were so incredibly sexy. As things were, he desired Stacey more than he has ever desired anyone. Just being with her briefly made that desire painful. But seeing those smooth, tanned legs, and her bare feet walk across the floor, and he couldn't take it anymore. He stepped out of his shoes and followed her into the living room.

Stacey's back was to him as she set the rose on top of her entertainment center. He slid his arms around her waist over her shirt, pressing himself against her ass as he held her tight. Tingles shot up her body, originating from her crotch. She sighed, hands caressing his arms as she tilted her head back. 

"I love you Danny." she whispered sensually. 

"I love you, too." he replied as his lips found hers. She opened her mouth and his tongue slid inside. She was conscious of his hard on pressed against her ass as she sent her tongue into his mouth. Her hand squeezed his gently, and then slowly moved it down her body. She placed his hand between her thighs and moaned into his mouth when he touched her. He could feel tremendous heat emanating through the thin cotton of her panties. Their lips smacked loudly as he caressed her pussy over her panties, clearly feeling her swollen pussy lips. He noticed the material was so wet, so hot. 

Danny's cock was hurting him, straining against his jeans. With his other hand, he undid the button and zipper of his jeans, pushing them and his underwear down enough to set free his raging hard on. The hand that was between her thighs slid around her body to her ass, giving her temporary relief from the extreme pleasure he was giving her. 

Danny and Stacey were so in sync with one another, they worked together as one, they knew what the other wanted. As he lifted up her shirt, revealing her gorgeous ass and black panties, she bent over before him, knowing what he wanted. He eased her skimpy panties to one side, slowly revealing the crack of her ass and the pink of her cunt. He held her panties against her ass cheek with his thumb as he grabbed his cock with his free hand. He slowly slid the fat head of his dick down the crack of her ass to her slit. He loved the tremendous heat emanating from her womanhood as he reached her entrance. She was breathing laboriously, bent over in front of him, at his mercy. 

He pushed forward, easing the top part of his penis into Stacey's horny vagina. "Ohhhhh..." she sighed as she felt him enter her. Danny slid back a little, before pushing his cock entirely inside her, taking her from behind. 

"Ohhhhhh yesssss...I missed this!" she purred. She felt so full, so content. It was like he was scratching an itch that she's had all week. He held his groin against her ass, keeping his manhood deep inside her comforting warmth. He began to slowly slide his penis in and out of his lover's vagina, gently tapping against her ass. She was so amazing, he knew this wouldn't take long. Which was a good thing because he probably should have been back by now! 

He began to fuck her with a little more urgency, slapping a little harder against her ass. "Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh!" she moaned as she felt him slide in and out of her using longer, harder strokes. She was up on her toes, trying to make it easier for him to take her doggie style. 

He began to fuck her harder, starting down the homestretch. He was watching her ass cheeks shake with each solid impact his groin made. She, herself, was on her way to orgasm, but she didn't want this to be a quickie. She loved him. She had been waiting all week to see him, and she didn't want him to just fuck her and leave. Using all her will power she pulled away from him. His dick slipped out of her. 

"What's wrong?" he breathed, surprised. 

"Let's go to the bedroom." she said erotically. 

"I don't have time, Stacey, I have to go!" he protested. She walked away, ignoring him, knowing he would follow. Looking at that ass and those legs again, and he did. He was all hers. 

He still protested a little as he followed her into the bedroom. He shut his mouth when she raised her T-shirt up over her head and took it off, revealing her huge, perfect tits. Stacey stood before him, naked chest heaving, wearing only a skimpy pair of black panties. She was going to draw this out as long as she could. She was in charge here. 

"Are you sure you can't stay?" she said, looking at him with a sexy pout. He swallowed. She smiled. She sunk to her knees before him. She was breathing heavily, both were breathing heavily. Her pussy was buzzing with hunger, she desperately needed him back inside her. But she would wait. She would make them both wait. She wanted to enjoy him for as long as possible.

Reaching out with her beautiful hand, she grabbed his pole. Her long fingernails were painted red, well manicured. Staring at his member, she slowly stroked it. He could no longer protest. He wanted this as badly as she did, and he knew this was on her terms. He was her slave. Once again all logical thought, all common sense, went out the window when he was with her. 

Stacey leaned forward and gently sucked a testicle in her mouth. Her hand continued to stroke her lover's cock as her tongue snaked out and lightly licked him all over his bag. He ran his fingers through the curls of her lovely hair as he watched her tongue tease him. She licked all around the base of his organ, which was at its hardest. She slowly licked up the shaft of Danny's penis until she reached the top. He sucked in his breath as he watched her pink tongue run a trail around the mushroom head of his member. Her eyes caught and held his as she gently kissed the top of his penis. 

She slowly slipped him into her mouth, and he watched her lips smoothly glide down his shaft. He could feel the warmth of her mouth gradually consume him. Her lips were wrapped around the base of his member, she held Danny in her mouth completely, still watching him. She loved to see the feeling of intense pleasure on his face, and she loved feeling his hands pull her hair slightly, trying to cope with this pleasure. 

Stacey began to bob her head back and forth, caressing his member with her lips, sucking on him. Her tongue teased the end of his penis every time she pulled back as she gave him expert head. 'slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp' loud sucking noises emerged as she gobbled eagerly on his dick. 

He was moaning, and was starting to thrust his hips into her face. She knew he was loving the blowjob she was giving. He was loving it too much. She pulled him out of her mouth, kissing the head as she looked up at him. She wasn't gonna let him cum THAT easily! She stood up before him, her breasts jiggling slightly with the movement. 

He slid his arms around her, sliding his hands into the back of her panties and holding her bare ass. Her lips engulfed his, kissing him eagerly as he kneaded her soft bum. Their tongues explored each other's mouths, and they were gasping for breath as they kissed lovingly. Suddenly, she broke the kiss, looking at him mischievously. 

"Do you want to fuck me, Danny?" she teased, as if she couldn't tell by the rock hard penis that was sticking straight up between them, pressing against her. 

"Yes." he breathed, smiling. 

"Do you want to cum inside me?" she asked, a sexy look on her face. 

"Yes." he repeated, voice shaking. 

"If you eat me out first, I'll let you inside me." she stated in a naughty voice. 

"Stacey..." he started. 

"You're already late, who cares if you're later!" she interrupted, laughing. That was all it took. He pushed her back on the bed. He kicked off his jeans, underwear, and socks, and ripped off his shirt, becoming naked for her. She lay on the bed, legs open, feet flat, watching him. Her naked breasts were heaving as she breathed laboriously. 

He grabbed the tiny elastic on either side of her panties and pulled downward. She raised her sexy ass up off the bed for him, allowing him to slide her skimpy panties down her thighs. Danny pulled them down over her knees, and took in the magnificent view before him as she pulled her bare feet out of them one by one. 

Her beautiful pussy was smoothly shaven, completely bare except for a treasure trail of pubic hair at the top. Her pussy lips were swollen and quivering, looking so inviting.

Stacey was so turned on, she desperately needed him inside of her, to feel more of his cum in her. She would wait, though, so they could be together longer. 

Seeing this beautiful goddess lying naked before him, he felt like devoting his entire life to worshipping her body, praising everything about her. He raised her left foot up into the air, and began kissing it all over the top. His tongue snaked out and he slowly licked her instep, kissing it as well. He sucked her big toe into his mouth, and kissed each of her small ones under her watchful eye. His gentle touch did nothing to ease the arousal within her. She loved him so much! 

He began to kiss his way up her leg, along the inside of her knee, and up the soft inside of her thighs. Her legs subconsciously opened wider for him, giving her horny pussy to him. Danny gently kissed her moist lips, tasting her. "Ohhhh..." she breathed when she felt him make contact with the most sensitive part of her body. He eased his tongue inside her treasure as far as he could, and slowly licked upward. 

"Ohhh God you're so good at that..." she moaned, and she began to run her toes up and down his sides. He slid his hands under her ass, holding her cheeks as he slowly licked from the bottom of her slit up to the top. His lips gently sucked Stacey's clitoris into his mouth, and he teased it with his tongue. She moaned again, and began to writhe her hips up into his face. 

Danny loved pleasuring her, he loved tasting her, he loved everything about her. This was reflected in how much passion he had when he went down on her. He released her clit, but his tongue continued to lick at it, faster this time. 

"Ohhhh my God..."she sighed, losing it. He was relentless, his tongue was so gentle yet so quick. She didn't have a chance. "OHHHHHH!" she cried, humping her pussy up into his face, her hands holding his head down between her thighs. She came violently, the inner walls of her pussy were pulsating, her entire body was on fire. Her feet were pressing inward on his sides so hard he thought he'd have bruises as her intense orgasm continued. Finally, it subsided, and her hands released him, and her legs relaxed on either side of him. She was gasping for breath though, speechless. 

He began to crawl up the bed towards her, cock at full attention. He kissed up her belly quickly, eager to be inside her. As desperate as he was to fuck her, he had to stop and give those gorgeous breasts some attention. They were just too perfect to ignore. He grabbed one in each hand, caressing them gently as he kissed all around her areola. She watched his tongue dart out and tease her nipple, before he kissed over to her other breast. He sucked her erect nipple into his mouth, running his tongue over it. She sighed as tingles shot from her nipple to her crotch, and up her spine. She couldn't hold out much longer. 

"Come here." she panted, feet sliding further up the bed as she opened herself even further up for him. Her heart was pounding so hard she thought it would burst as she watched him crawl the rest of the way up to her. He looked deep into her brown eyes before his lips met hers, softly sucking her top lip in between his. He kissed her again, lips smacking. They were breathing heavily as he grinded his naked body against hers. Stacey looked at him. 

"I love you Danny." she said. 

"I love you too, Stacey." he said back. She kissed him hard, tongue shooting far into his mouth. She grinded her crotch against him more urgently, truly needing him in her. 

He reached in between them and grabbed his organ. He eased the head down her sopping wet slit until it reached the entrance to her wonderful treasure. He broke the kiss, again looking into her eyes as he pushed forward. Danny's penis slid all the way into Stacey's vagina in one stroke. "Ohhhhhhh..." she moaned, eyes closing as she felt herself fill up. Her warmth completely enveloped his manhood. Once again, they were one. Her bare feet began to caress the outside of his legs and his ass, her hands caressed his back as he began to slowly make sweet love to her. 

His lips again found hers, and they kissed passionately. Her hands slid down to his ass, feeling his cheeks clench with each gentle thrust. "Mmmmph! Mmmmph! Mmmmmph! Mmmmmph!" she moaned into his mouth as he began to fuck her harder. She raised her feet up into the air, breaking the kiss as the feelings within her grew too intense. "Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh!" she cried as his cock pistoned in and out of her. She was hurtling towards another orgasm, the sensations in her pussy became overpowering. 

"Oh God......" she moaned, "OHHHHHHHHHH!" she yelled, cumming a second time that night. Her cunt pulsated around his dick as he screwed her hard on her bed. Her heart was pounding, her face was clenched. Danny was watching her beautiful face, as well as her huge breasts bouncing up and down with each thrust. Stacey finally calmed down, gasping for breath. Her hands grabbed his ass and held him tight, keeping him deep inside her. 

"Let me take the top." she breathed. She straightened her leg on the bed and they rolled over together, his penis staying inside her vagina. Now she was on top of him, panting, looking at him with such love and desire. 

She began to slide her pussy up and down his pole, riding him eagerly. "Ohhhhh..." she sighed when he slid deep inside her. Her tits were bouncing in front of his face as she rode him, and he grabbed them hungrily. He sucked a nipple into his mouth while his fingers played with her other one. Stacey was moaning erotically as her ass rammed up and down on his lap. His hands slid around to her sexy ass as he kissed all over her breasts. His fingers caressed up and down the crack of her bum as his kisses made their way up her neck. His lips found hers and he slid his tongue into her mouth as his finger teased the outside of her asshole. 

Stacey's heart was pounding, both from his cock sliding in and out of her cunt, as well as his finger teasing her anus. Danny slid his finger into his lover's asshole. "Ohhhhhh..." she moaned, momentarily losing her rhythm before riding him even faster than before. He began to slide his finger in and out of her beautiful ass as she fucked him madly. His other hand caressed down her leg, reaching down to grab her foot. He kept his finger sliding in and out of her ass as he massaged her foot with his other hand. He loved her feet, and it showed when he slid his fingers between her toes as she rode him. 

"Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh!" she knew she was cumming again. The feelings in her vagina and anus were taking control of her senses. Her entire body was heating up. He released her foot and grabbed onto her ass cheek with that hand. He humped his hips upwards hard, meeting each one of her thrusts. 

She moaned, body stiffening again, jamming her pussy down on his rod hard, cumming. "Ohhhh God..." she cried, tears in her eyes. Danny could feel the entrance to her anus squeezing at his finger as she came violently. Her heart was pounding, her body felt like it was in flames. He slid his finger out of her ass, grabbing her cheeks with both hands, and just rubbed his groin against hers. This stimulated her clit and extended her orgasm. She was hyperventilating as she tried to regain control. 

Finally, she was limp on top of him. He rolled her helplessly onto her back, cock slipping out of her, and she lay spread eagled for him. He got on top of her, holding his rampant hard on and aiming at her treasure. He entered her easily, and they both moaned. He began to slide in and out of her, holding his body high as he raised her foot up to his mouth. Without missing a beat, he sucked her toe into his mouth. 

Stacey sighed, watching the man she loved so much sliding his penis in and out of her vagina, and watching his mouth suck on her toes. He was fucking her at a steady pace, not too fast, but her incredible beauty, and the fact that he was giving so much attention to her foot, was causing him to lose it. 

He released her foot and lay on top of her, beginning to screw her faster. "Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh!" she moaned, feet flailing in the air helplessly behind him. 

"Oh God, Stacey, " he moaned, "I'm gonna cum!" he thrust into her harder. 

"Oh yes, hunny!" she cried, "Cum inside me again! Give me your baby!" her words, her moans, her sexy voice, all caused him to lose it. He didn't even have time to give a final two or three thrusts, he just lost it. Danny jammed his penis all the way inside Stacey's accommodating vagina, holding it there deep inside her. She wrapped her sexy legs around his waist, holding him there, right where she wanted him. 

He moaned as he felt his organ jerk inside her. He knew this would be a big one, she turned him on too much for it to be any different. And big it was. A huge, thick stream of hot fluid shot out the end of his member, spraying off the back walls of her fertile pussy. His mouth found hers, and they pressed their lips together as he ejaculated inside her. More of Danny's seed fired forth into Stacey's womb relentlessly. He groaned into her mouth, his orgasm was so intense. Her heart fluttered, she was so in love with this man. This man who was cumming inside her needy vagina. Just the thought of becoming pregnant with his child sent tears of joy to her eyes as she continued to hold him inside her, getting every ounce of what he offered. Finally, he calmed down, but remained inside her, kissing her softly, over and over. An hour after he arrived, he got dressed. They spent a long time kissing goodbye at the door, but eventually he had to leave. He told the family, and Charmaine, that he got a flat tire.
