 A true story that occurred nearly a year after "My Girlfriend's Best Friend". And I dedicate this one to the beautiful Stacey.

* * * * *

Danny had wanted Stacey for a long time. She was gorgeous. Beautiful hazel eyes, sexy, long, curly hair that she often wore up, a beautiful smile which she did often, highlighted by her dimple. Her skin was smooth and lightly tanned. She was about 5'4, 130 pounds. She had long legs, and huge breasts - double D. They hit it off when they met nearly 2 years earlier. Almost too well. He was saved from cheating on his girlfriend Charmaine by getting a job in another city. Stacey wanted him as well, pursuing him from another city for a couple of months earlier in the year before they cooled it off. Thank goodness they only communicated via email or they most certainly would have given in to temptation. 

She nearly got married in the meantime.

Her personality was easygoing, friendly, flirtatious. This made him want her more. So when he saw her email saying her engagement was going downhill, and that she wanted to talk to him, he sent her his number. She called, and they talked, conversation turning towards what might have been, and if they could only see each other. His girlfriend was working that Saturday, so they made plans to meet in his city at a mall near his apt. at 10am, giving them the entire day together. He spent the entire week with a boner, he wanted her so badly. He had been dreaming of being inside her for the past year, and too afraid to act on it. Now he wanted her too badly to be afraid.

The big morning finally came and he pulled into the mall parking lot. There was Stacey. She was amazing. She wore a blue sundress, her long, tanned legs bare, her cleavage apparent. She got into the car, big smile on her face. 

"Hi!" she said, sitting down. She leaned forward and they embraced. She squeezed him tightly. "It feels so good to finally see you" she said. 

"It's great seeing you, too." he said. He drove back to his place, she left her car in the parking lot. She talked the entire way back, he had trouble watching the road as he stared at her smooth legs, her pretty dimple in her smile.

In his apt, they sat on the couch and had a beer. She steered the conversation to sex, and how much they thought of each other. Then she spoke of her troubled relationship. After a moment of silence, she spoke.

"God it's great seeing you." she said, holding out her arms. They hugged again on his couch. The embrace lingered, actually growing tighter. He was conscious of her huge breasts pressed against him, and he couldn't control his hardon. He wanted in her more than anything! 

And she was in love with him. Of that she was sure of. She wanted him in her, and she wanted him to be hers and hers only. He kissed the soft skin behind her ear. Her breath deepened as he kissed over her neck. She kissed his cheek repeatedly as he kissed her neck. Danny kissed her cheek, close to her lips. They kissed lightly, lips smacking. She looked at him with her gorgeous brown eyes. Their lips met again, parting as they kissed softly, passionately. Her tongue slid into his mouth, and they kissed harder. His hand caressed the outside of her smooth knee as they exchanged tongues. She was breathing heavily into his mouth as her hand slid down his body to his crotch. She rubbed his apparent bulge in his shorts as they kissed. He slid his hand up the soft outside of her thigh, up her dress to the side of her ass, feeling the thin band of her panties. 

Their lips smacked loudly as their kiss continued, tongues exploring. He slid his hand over her smooth thigh, and she parted her legs slightly, pussy tingling in anticipation. He rubbed her crotch over her panties and she moaned into his mouth. He could clearly feel her swollen pussy lips through her panties. She was very wet down there, and hot. She kissed him harder, breathing heavily into his mouth. She was subtly writhing her crotch into his hand as her fingers undid his button and pulled down his zipper. 

He pulled his hand out from between her thighs and caressed up the side of her body until he cupped her breast. He gently squeezed it, still kissing her with passion. 

Stacey reached into his underwear and her expert hand gripped his hard shaft. She gently stroked it as he caressed her tits. They were breathing heavily into each other's mouth, his hand caressed back down to her legs. He slid his hand back up her dress and began to rub her horny cunt over her thin wet panties. She pulled out his hard on and began stroking it more freely as she gasped for breath while kissing him. His fingers nudged the thin material of her panties to one side and he ran a finger up her bare, wet, swollen slit. 

Her vagina was on fire it was tingling so badly. He slid his middle finger into her tight, wet hole, and she broke the kiss, moaning with pleasure. Stacey was breathing heavily as he slid his finger in and out of her tunnel. She kissed him, lips smacking, then down his neck, still stroking his cock. She bent her head towards his lap, and he felt her kiss the head of his penis. He placed his hand on the back of her head, feeling the curls of her hair as she slowly licked from the bottom of his hard cock, all the way to the top. Slowly, his dick was engulfed in warmth as she slipped it into her eager mouth. 

Stacey's lips sunk down his shaft until she held Danny's entire penis in her mouth. He moaned as she held his cock fully in her mouth for moment. She began to slide her mouth up and down his rod, his fingers in her hair, guiding her. She was slurping loudly on his manhood, loud enough to be heard outside the door had anyone been listening. 'slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp' went her mouth as she repeatedly, expertly gobbled his cock. 

Stacey pulled his dick out of her mouth with a loud sucking noise. She grabbed his shorts and underwear and slid them down his legs and off. She got on her knees between his legs, he was naked from the waist down, hard cock waving before her. Stacey wrapped her fingers around his cock and looked up at him with her beautiful hazel eyes. Still watching his reaction, her tongue slid out and lightly lapped at his balls as she stroked his shaft. He loved looking into her gorgeous eyes while her tongue licked his balls. She slowly licked up his cock, and licked around the head. She opened her mouth and took him inside. 

Danny watched her lips slide down his entire shaft. Her mouth was so warm around his rod. Stacey bobbed her head up and down on his lap, slurping loudly. 'slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp'. He was feeling amazing, she was definitely an expert. He pulled his shirt off as she sucked his cock. He wanted her now more than anything and anyone. She pulled his cock out of her mouth with a slurp and looked at him, smiling beautifully. 

Stacey straddled him, a bare leg on either side of him. He was concious of how hot her crotch was through her panties as she pressed against his bare shaft. He looked into her hazel eyes and her lips found his. They kissed deeply, he felt her tongue dart into his mouth. He slid his hand up her thighs and under her panties, cupping her soft ass as they kissed passionately. Danny squeezed her cheeks as Stacey writhed against his pole. She was so wet, she wanted him so bad, for so long. Her tongue was so far in his mouth, their lips were smacking so loudly. 

He began to kiss down her cheek to her neck. The straps of her sundress were falling off her shoulders, and he kissed over her smooth shoulders as they became exposed. Stacey let her straps fall down her arms, and she pulled her arms out of it. Her huge breasts were actually holding her sundress up still. He kissed down her chest to her ample cleavage, kissing over the slope of her breasts and in between. 

Her dress fell to her waist, exposing her black bra which was barely containing her humongous tits. Her bra straps were falling off her shoulders as well, as Danny kissed over the top of the bra. His hand slid her left bra strap down her arm, and gradually, her left nipple came into view. He kissed over her dark areola, licking all over it to her nipple. Stacey sighed as she watched him suck her nipple into his mouth for the first time. He licked and sucked her nipple for another moment before kissing back up her chest to her neck. Her lips found his and she kissed him eagerly, grinding her thinly covered crotch hard against his naked one. 

The only thing between his penis and absolute heaven was the thinnest, wettest piece of material. 

She was breathing heavily in his mouth, her tongue darting far inside. Danny felt her reach behind her, and then felt her bra relax against his chest. He broke the kiss and pulled back. Stacey's bra fell to his lap, revealing the 2 most amazing breasts he had ever seen. Big, round, soft, lightly tanned, brown areolas, hard nipples. He looked at them, taking in their beauty, and she could feel noticeable movement against her crotch. He looked into her beautiful eyes. 

"Will you make love to me?" she asked. Instead of an answer, he kissed her hard, pushing her down onto the couch and lying on top of her, between her long legs without ever breaking the kiss. He grinded himself against her, feeling her heat emanate through her panties. He kissed down her neck, to her breasts. He grabbed a breast in each hand, kneading them as he kissed down one to her nipple. He sucked her nipple into his mouth briefly before kissing over to her other one. He licked all around the erect nipple and she sighed above him. He kissed down Stacey's belly. He kissed all around her belly button, than further down to the top of her dress. He grabbed her dress and Stacey raised her ass, allowing Danny to slide her sundress down her sexy legs. The tiniest pair of black panties became exposed as he pulled her dress down her legs. 

She pulled her feet out of it one by one, and lay before him majestically, wearing only a skimpy pair of panties. He was kneeling at her feet, her toenails were painted red. He raised her left foot into the air, watching her watch him. He softly, sensually kissed her foot, kissed each beautiful toe, sucking the big one into his mouth. He kissed up her long sexy leg slowly. Up her smooth calf, over her knee, up the inside of her thigh. Stacey's breathing deepened as she watched him approach her treasure. He could smell her arousal as he kissed closer to her panty covered pussy. Danny kissed the top of her thigh, right beside the edge of her panties. He kissed her pussy lips over her panties and she gasped, legs opening wider a little. He put his mouth on her crotch, eating her out over her panties. 

"Ohhhhh God yes..." she sighed, writhing her pussy into his face. He continued to eat and kiss her crotch over her panties, teasing her. Stacey brought a well manicured hand down between her legs. Her fingernails were painted red. With one finger, she pulled her skimpy panties to one side, slowly exposing her gorgeous pussy. Cleanly shaven except for a thin treasure trail of pubic hair, her pink lips were swollen, and he noticed for the first time that she had a clit-ring. He kissed her puckered cunt lips and she gasped again. Both were breathing laboriously, so turned on. His tongue snaked out and slowly licked from the bottom of her sensitive lips up to the top, tasting her delicious juices. 

"Ohhhhhh..." she moaned. His tongue licked at her sensitive nub, sending her into a moaning frenzy. Her feet rubbed up and down his side as he ate her pussy. Danny placed his hands on the soft sides of her ass and slid his tongue inside her slit. She tasted so good, he could lick her snatch all day! She stroked his hair as he orally pleasured her. Stacey was writhing her crotch against his face, needing more. She had never wanted anyone inside her so bad! He sucked her wet pussy lips into his mouth, licking at them while holding them between his lips. She was gasping for breath above him, chest heaving as he pulled his mouth away from her horny cunt. 

He grabbed the thin waistband of her panties and pulled them down her legs. She pulled her feet out of them one by one, and he dropped the dainty things on the floor. He was now completely naked and he had the girl of his dreams completely naked before him, legs spread wide invitingly, pussy swollen and quivering. To her delight, Danny buried his face between her thighs again, his tongue lapping violently at her needy slit. 

"Oh Fuck!" she moaned, loving every second of it. Looking up over her treasure trail of pubic hair, over her huge breasts, he watched her watch him eat her out. He sucked her clitoris into his mouth and he licked it hard, not letting her escape. She moaned, raising her ass off the couch, rubbing her pussy against his face. 

Stacey came. Her entire body lost all control as her vagina pulsated around his tongue. He licked her delicious juices until her orgasm subsided, savoring every second of tasting Stacey's 20 year old pussy.

He kissed her cunt lips as she calmed down, than he kissed up her belly. She parted her legs wider as she watched him kiss up her smooth, soft body, his cock was at full attention. He grabbed her tit in one hand and began to kiss and lick all around her areola, lapping gently at the sensitive nipple. He sucked her nipple into his mouth as she sighed above him. He kissed over to her other breast, licking all around that one, too. He kissed up her chest to her neck, kissing over her neck to her ear, her cheek, and finally, her lips. 

She kissed him eagerly, her tongue darting into his mouth as she felt his cock rest on her mound. She had one foot on the coffee table on one side of him, the other was flat on the couch on the other side of him. How long had he waited to be in that very position with her? They were both breathing heavily into each other's mouths, kissing so loudly, so passionately. Her pussy was absolutely on fire. She desperately needed him inside her as they grinded their naked bodies against one another. Stacey broke the kiss, and looked up at him with her beautiful eyes. 

"Make love to me, Danny." she breathed. She closed her eyes as he kissed her one more time. He broke the kiss and reached down between them, grabbing his rock hard dick. He ran the mushroom head slowly down the sopping wet lips of her treasure. He stopped at her entrance, looking into her eyes. 

"I've waited so long for this." he said. 

"Oh God, me too." she breathed, running her feet up his legs. He pushed forward. The pink lips of Stacey's pussy parted easily for the head of his cock and he was able to slide halfway inside her. 

"OHHHHH YES!" She moaned, hands sliding down to his ass. Her pussy was so hot, wrapped tightly around the top half of his rod! He pulled partway out of her. In one stroke, Danny slid his entire penis into Stacey's warm, hungry vagina. 

"OHHHHHHHHH! YES!" she cried. He was finally inside her!! He held himself inside her, they were one. His lips found hers and they kissed passionately, lips smacking as a part of him remained far inside her. His tongue rubbed against hers as her moist tunnel snuggly gripped his rampant hardon. 

"You feel so good Danny." She moaned, running her toes up the outside of his legs slowly. He began to slide in and out of her sexy body, his long shaft smoothly gliding in and out of her slick hole. She moaned with every gentle thrust. The couch was squeaking as he made love to her. They kissed, enjoying the lovemaking. She held his naked body close to hers as his hard penis pierced her needy vagina again and again. 

He began to fuck Stacey harder, unable to control himself. He raised himself up on his arms, watching her as he fucked her. Her humongous tits were bouncing up and down with every thrust, her eyes were closed, she was moaning loudly. Her moans were drowned out by the loud squeaking of the couch. 'squeak, squeak, squeak, squeak, squeak, squeak'. Stacey raised her feet up into the air above him, crying out as an orgasm built. 

"UNH! UNH! UNH! OHHHHHHHHHH God! OHHHHHHHHH! UNH!" She came hard, her entire body buzzing as he pounded into her. The couch was squeaking so loud that the entire house knew what they were doing. Conscious of this, he stopped, holding his cock inside this goddess. 

"Let's go to the bedroom." He said. 

"Ok" she breathed. He kissed her softly, lips smacking as he slowly slid in and out of her a few more times. He pulled out of her sopping wet twat with a slurp. He got off of her and took her hand, helping her off the couch. She got up, smiling at him. He kissed her, pulling her close. She put her arms around his neck, sending her tongue far into his mouth. His hands slid down to her ass, squeezing her cheeks as they kissed hard. She was conscious of his huge hardon pressed against her belly as they kissed, and the tingling sensation in her pussy got worse. 

She broke the kiss and led the way to his bedroom, knowing right where to go. He stared at her naked ass as she walked in front of him, pulling him along by the hand. She got to the room and stopped at the edge of his bed, turning around. They kissed again, lips smacking loudly. Stacey sat down on the bed, his hard cock directly in front of her. Without using her hands, she licked at his balls, licking up his shaft. 

Danny bent his cock down, running the head over her cheek to her mouth. She opened her mouth and he slid his penis inside. Her warm mouth took the whole thing. He grabbed her by the hair and held her there as she bobbed her head up and down on his dick. He stared at Stacey's lips as they ran along his shaft, coating it with saliva. 'slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp' her sucking noises were loud as she gave him amazing head. She pulled his dick out of her mouth with a slurp. 

"I need you inside me." She stated. She lay back on the bed, opening her legs wide invitingly. The pink lips of her incredible cunt were swollen and wet, waiting for him. He lay on top of her and kissed her lightly on the lips. He reached between them and grabbed his cock, aiming the head at her entrance. He slid back inside her in one stroke. 

"Ohhhhhhh God that feels good." She said, smiling. He kissed her, and they again exchanged tongues. He immediately began to fuck her hard. Stacey wrapped her sexy legs around his thrusting waist as he screwed her. The bed squeaked, though not nearly as loud as the couch did. She moaned, helpless as she got fucked harder and harder. Danny jackhammered in and out of her, giving her his all. Her feet were flailing helplessly behind him and she could feel another orgasm hitting. 

"Ohhhh Fu-u-u-u-uck! UNH! OHHHH! OHHHHHH! OH my God!" She came hard, her entire body shaking. Danny had never wanted to fuck anyone as bad as he wanted to fuck Stacey and it was reflected in just how hard he was banging her. He was ramming himself into her needy hole as hard as he could, and only wished he could do it harder. Her orgasm subsided somewhat, but she was still in heaven. 

"Ohhhhh God Danny I love you!" She cried in ecstasy. Her words made him lose it. "I love you too Stacey!" he cried, finding more within him to fuck her even harder. She came again. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh fu-u-u-u-uck! Ohhhhhhh God!"

He was losing it too. "Where do you want me to cum?" he gasped. 

Still cumming, she managed to answer. "Inside me! I need your cum inside me! Please!!" He could not turn her down. He didn't have on a condom. He didn't think she was on the pill. She was orgasming. But he couldn't resist her request. He needed to empty his seed into her womb. At that moment, he truly felt that he loved her. 

He slid his penis all the way into Stacey's convulsing vagina and held it there, far inside her. His lips found hers and they kissed passionately as he lost it. A huge stream of cum fired out of his penis and into her hungry vagina. Another large load of semen soon followed. Stacey wrapped her sexy legs around him, holding him deep inside her. His cock continued to pulsate, shooting more of his seed into her womb. They moaned into each other's mouth as their orgasms subsided. Every drop of his sperm emptied into Stacey's fertile pussy. 'smack, smack, smack, smack, smack, smack' Their lips smacked as they kissed lovingly, his penis softening inside her. They caught their breath. He slid out of her wet snatch with a slurp, and lay beside her. They smiled at each other, caressing each other's naked bodies softly, kissing over and over.