 Danny broke the kiss, looking at the clock. It was ten after seven. He was late already, and he told her so. 

She followed him into the bathroom and they got cleaned up. They talked, and joked around. They both wished that he could stay longer. It was 7:18 when they left the bathroom and walked to the door. He picked up his pants and underwear off the floor, and Stacey grabbed her white panties. 

He watched her step into them and slide them up her sexy legs. He couldn’t help but become turned on for what seemed the millionth time that night. They went up the crack of her ass a little, and he watched as she slipped her thumbs underneath the bottom and pulled the skimpy things out.

She walked him to the door and before he could put his shoes on, she put her arms around his neck. Her beautiful eyes were looking at him seriously.

“I love you Danny.” She said. He slipped his arms around her waist and returned her gaze.

“I love you, too.”

Stacey smiled, and standing on her toes, she kissed him. He couldn’t control the bulge in his jeans that she no doubt could feel. He also could not help his hands from slipping down to her ass. They slipped into the sides of her panties and cupped her naked bum as they pecked over and over. 

She felt a surge of desire go through her body. She HAD to have him back inside her, if only for one more time! She broke the kiss.

“I wish you could stay.” She said, looking up at him with puppy dog eyes. She rubbed herself against him seductively. He couldn’t get any harder. 

“Me, too.” He replied. “I’m late as it is, though.” She kissed him again, her tongue sneaking into his mouth. There was a sense of urgency in her kiss, as if she was trying to achieve satisfaction through mere contact of mouths. She broke the kiss, her breathing growing heavy.

“Will you please stay?” Stacey asked, softly. He shook his head.

“I want to, I can’t honey.”

“Please?” She asked again. “I really want you to make love to me again.” She looked at him with those beautiful eyes, and there was a bit of an awkward silence. She suddenly thought of something.

“Hey!” Stacey exclaimed. “Did you know that tonight you came in my mouth, my pussy and my ass?” She had a big smile, trying to lighten the mood a little, but at the same time keep it sexual. He smiled.

“I never thought of that!” Danny replied. He looked into her beautiful eyes as she stepped back. As she smiled, she began to pull her shirt up her body. She pulled it over her head and dropped it on the floor, freeing her huge breasts. 

“Will you make love to me?” She asked. Danny bit his lip. He couldn’t be more turned on. It didn’t seem to matter how many times he fucked her, she could always make him want her again! “If you stay,” she began, “I’ll let you do whatever you want to me.” She stepped up to him and put her arms around his neck again. She stood on her toes and brought her face close to his.

“Anything you want.” She whispered. There was love in her eyes, mixed with desire. Those eyes made his heart pound. He couldn’t say no to them. 

Danny grabbed her and kissed her hard, backing her up to the wall. His tongue snaked into her mouth as he pressed her against the wall.

“Mmmph…” she moaned happily. His hand caressed around to the front of her body and rubbed her between her legs over her panties. He could clearly feel the swollen lips of her pussy through the moist material. 

Stacey grinded her crotch against his hand eagerly as her tongue urgently caressed his tongue. Both of them were breathing heavily into each other’s mouths right there at the front door. While his one hand continued to tease her pussy over her panties, his other hand worked his belt open, undid his button, and pulled down his zipper. 

Without breaking the kiss, Danny frantically forced his jeans and boxer shorts down to his knees. His rock hard penis was freed, and he pressed his body up against her. His hand left her crotch, and he grabbed her bare tits with both hands. She could feel his pole pressing against her lower stomach, and feeling his naked penis sent bolts of desire up her body. He was also squeezing and caressing her breasts, and that did nothing to calm her down any. Her nipples were like pencil erasers in the palms of his hands as he continued to gently massage her tits.

Danny brought his left hand back down to her crotch, this time shoving her panties to the side. As he held them out of the way, he was able to gently caress her naked lips up and down with his finger. She was soaked! 

Stacey moaned into his mouth as his finger teased her sensitive pussy. Her hand grabbed his member and she began to stroke it lovingly. It was throbbing a little in her hand, and the need to have it inside her was overwhelming. She rose up onto her toes, running his head down her belly to the treasure trail of pubic hair that was above her treasure. 

Danny instinctively knew what she was trying to do and he bent his knees, trying to get lower for her – needing to get lower for her. He could feel the hot wetness of her cunt touch the top of his penis, and he knew he was close. Impatiently, he tried to push up and into her, but it wasn’t quite low enough yet. Their kissing grew sloppy, lips smacking loudly as he bent low again, looking for another try. Her well-manicured hand ran his helmet down her horny slit again. This time, the entrance to her vagina caught him. He lifted up and she let go at the same time, and he felt the hot folds of her pussy engulf the top half of his cock.

“Ohhhhh…” she moaned, breaking the kiss briefly as she felt herself fill up a little. His hands reached around and grabbed her bare ass, holding her as he lifted up inside her all the way. He was entirely inside Stacey’s vagina again. Her warmth was gripping his penis tightly. He was holding her up against the wall. Just her one foot was touching the floor, and that one was just by the toes. Her other foot was caressing his leg as he held himself inside her. 

He began to urgently ram himself against her, only able to slide out of her a couple of inches before sliding back into her again. “Unh! Mmph! Mmph! Unh!” She gasped as she kissed him. She was in complete heaven – she got him back inside her! Danny was just as turned on, if not more so. His kissing grew sloppy and his thrusts grew urgent. Her vagina was so tight and hot around him! His hands were holding her naked ass tightly, but her panties had slid somewhat back over her crotch. They were rubbing against his dick as he fucked her up against the wall. He was like an animal as he continued jamming his cock up into her needy cunt. 

Danny was torn. He desperately wanted to stay inside Stacey, yet her panties were irritating his member a little bit. He couldn’t rip them off of her because his hands were holding her up! He decided to try. He buried his dick inside her and bent lower. 

As his hands relaxed their grip on her ass, she put her feet down on the floor. They broke the kiss, gasping for breath as she watched him grab the side of her panties. Using a strength born of desperation, he tore them apart. They came off her one leg, and slipped down her other halfway down her thigh. He grabbed her ass again and lifted her roughly so that she was again touching the floor with just her toes and he pressed her against the wall. He began fucking her hard again.

“Ohhh!” She cried, closing her eyes as she hugged him tight. He was thrusting hard against her, still only able to use half his cock but putting a lot of power into it nonetheless. 

“Oh my God Stacey, you’re incredible!” He groaned in her ear as he screwed her against the wall at her front door. She could only moan in his ear in response. She could feel her ripped panties slide down to her knee, and then fall to her foot. She ran her other foot up and down his leg as he jabbed his hard pole up inside her. Through it all, she was on the edge of an orgasm. He just couldn’t get enough leverage to push her over the top, but as a result she was in a state of near-orgasm the entire time. She wanted nothing more than to have him fuck the shit out of her – just pound his rampant hard-on deep inside her with all his might.

Danny was at the point where he needed to do just that. Reluctantly, he slipped his organ out of her. Stacey stood before him, gasping for breath. He grabbed her and roughly laid her on the linoleum. She spread her legs wide, feet in the air, ignoring the coldness of the floor and only noticing the hotness in her crotch. Her torn panties hung from her right foot.

Danny practically dove on top of her, grabbing his cock and aiming it at her womanhood. He entered her easily, sliding all the way inside in one stroke. “Ohhhhh…” she moaned, arching her head back and closing her eyes. Then he gave it to her.

Planting his hands on the floor he pulled his penis almost entirely out of her vagina. He slammed it into her as hard as he could, and from there he didn’t stop. Using long strokes he jackhammered in and out of her horny cunt, his ass thrusting beneath her flailing feet.

“UNH! UNH! UNH! UNH!” Stacey cried loudly, eyebrows raised. She hurtled over the edge, cumming violently as her lover pounded the shit out of her needy hole. “OHHHHHH!” She screamed as she came and came and came. Danny showed no mercy, he had no control as he slammed his long tool in and out of her warmth with as much power and speed as he could muster. He could feel the heels of her feet banging off his ass as it clenched over and over.

Stacey, meanwhile, was fighting to regain control of her senses. The blood was rushing through her veins and her heart felt like it would burst. Her pussy was clutching at his driving member as her orgasm lingered on. He watched her as her face became flushed. Her tits were bouncing up and down quickly as he pistoned in and out of her. 

He was moaning, and his body was all sweaty as he continued to feed her hungry pussy with his fat cock. Her hands were clawing at his back, scratching it as her orgasm finally showed signs of easing off. He began to slow, growing tired after going at such a hard pace for so long. 

They looked into each other’s eyes as he made love to her. Stacey ran her hands down his arms until they reached his hands. He lay down on her as she took his hands into hers. He raised her hands over her head and they looked at each other nose to nose. Sweat was pouring down both of their bodies. He was conscious of her breasts pressed against him, and her hands squeezing his tightly. 

He kissed her, and she eagerly kissed him back, shooting her tongue far into his mouth. Their lips smacked loudly as he continued making love to her. He could feel her bare feet run up and down his legs, and he could feel the material of her panties over her one foot. That reminded him – he hadn’t really taken advantage of her ‘anything you want’ offer! The least he could do was play with her feet again. 

He got up on his knees, opening his legs so that he could continue fucking her, and he ran his hands down her sexy right thigh. He raised her long leg up into the air until her foot was up to his face. Holding himself inside her, he grabbed the dangling panties with his teeth and pulled them off her toes, dropping them on the floor. He resumed sliding in and out of her, slowly this time as he grabbed her ankle with both hands. He kissed the instep over and over, kissing every inch of skin. He kissed over the top of Stacey’s pretty foot, kissing down to her toes.

Stacey smiled at him, raising her other foot up and rubbing at his ear with her toes. Danny kissed over her big toe, sucking it into his mouth. He turned his head and grabbed her other foot, sticking that toe into his mouth. She kept her loose foot up by his face as she watched his lips suck on her big toe. He looked down her long, tanned leg to where his penis was sliding in between those pink, swollen lips. He stared at the wonderful sight – a part of his body sliding into Stacey’s over and over. He couldn’t take his eyes off it as he began to kiss the bottom of her foot. He was losing it. He found that his need to fuck her hard again overrode his need to play with her feet.

He released her ankles and lay on top of her. She locked her legs around his waist and put her arms around his neck. He began to jab his cock into her hard.

“Unh!” She moaned, smiling. She was so in love with this man. Stacey needed more of Danny’s seed in her, and she knew that she was going to get it. He told her once that his cum was made for her, and she believed him. She knew it to be true. They were always meant to be together, it was an undeniable feeling. She knew that he was close. She looked into his eyes.

“I need to feel your cum inside me, Danny.” Stacey breathed as his hard member penetrated her body over and over. He smiled at her, losing it. He kissed her softly, slipping his tongue into her mouth as he gave her a few more thrusts. He slid his manhood all the way inside her comforting warmth and held it there. She wrapped her legs around him and squeezed tightly. His penis twitched inside her, unleashing a thick load of semen into her vagina.

“Ohhh yesss…” Stacey whispered as she felt Danny’s cock throb inside her. His organ jerked again, and another hot rope of cum shot into her womb. He rubbed his crotch against her as he shot another river of his seed off the back of her pussy. She was scratching his back lightly with her fingernails as his orgasm finally died down. She hugged him tight, not wanting to let him go. 

He collapsed on her, gasping for breath as his penis softened inside her, the last of his sperm trickling into her cunt. She kissed at his cheek over and over until he turned to face her. She kissed his mouth, lips smacking loudly. She snuck her tongue into his mouth and they kissed deeply as they tried to catch their breath. 

Her limbs remained around him, but they had relaxed. Her soft body was so warm. He was aware of every inch of his body and where it came into contact with Stacey. He wished that he could stay and make love to her all night. It was well after eight o’clock when he finally slipped his soft penis out of her body and stood up. He helped her up off the floor, and she stood there naked as he got dressed. 

Stacey was still naked when he kissed her goodbye. His hand squeezed her soft ass cheek playfully before he broke the kiss and left.