 "I'm late." the voice on the other end of the phone stated. 

The feelings that went through Danny are indescribable. Fear? A little. This was something he had never experienced. Dread? There would have to be some, of course. He had a girlfriend, and even though his love might be fading, it was still there. Joy? He couldn't deny that feeling was there, too. After all, the voice on the other end was Stacey's, and he was in love with her. Surprise? How could he be? He knew she was not on the pill, and yet he shot his seed into her fertile womb about a dozen times this past month. 

As their phone conversation continued, they made plans for her to come down that coming Saturday while Charmaine was at work. Stacey would take a home pregnancy test, and he would be with her when she did. The phone conversation took place on the Wednesday following their fun in the restaurant. Both anxiously awaited Saturday to arrive.

9 o'clock Saturday morning, nearly an hour after Charmaine left for work, there was a knock on the door. Heart pounding, Danny went to answer it. The beautiful Stacey stood before him, smiling nervously, holding a plastic bag. She was wearing a snug fitting white sweater underneath her open coat, and black dress pants. 

"Hi." he said, taking her in his arms. She held him tightly, remaining silent as she tried to contain her emotions. The two lovers stood at the doorway, just holding each other close for two minutes. Finally, they broke apart. 

"I really missed you, Danny." Stacey said, tears welling in her gorgeous brown eyes, "I've really needed you." 

"I haven't stopped thinking about you." he replied, not taking his eyes off of her. He shut the door behind her and she set the bag on the coffee table. He knew the bag contained the test kit. She took off her coat and shoes and went to him again. Her searching lips found his, and they kissed passionately, with urgency, finding comfort in their kiss. Their tongues explored each other's mouths, their hearts were pounding, they could both feel the love in their kiss. 

"What are we going to do if I'm pregnant?" she asked, breaking the kiss and looking at him with hope in her eyes. 

"We'll be together." he replied. Her heart soared with joy, and she couldn't help her smile. 

"What if I'm not? We won't be together?" she asked. 

"We still will be," he said, "it would just take longer. Things are pretty complicated." Stacey digested that for a moment, arms still around his neck. 

"Do you want me to be pregnant? I mean, if you got to choose?" she inquired. 

"When I told you that I wanted you to have my child," he started, "I meant it. I love you more than anything." Her heart soared, and she kissed him hard, trying to express her love for him in that one kiss. Their lips smacked loudly as they exchanged tongues and caressed each other's body. She broke the kiss again. Hesitating. 

"So - when do you want to do the test? Now? Or - do you want to make love to me first?" she asked. The passion that she felt for this man had spread from her heart to her crotch. She loved him in every sense of the word. 

"Let's do both." Danny answered, "I would love to be inside you when I find out you're pregnant with my child." She nodded, heart nearly bursting with joy at his words. He kissed her again, this time gently leading her back to his bedroom. His hand caressed down to her ass, squeezing it gently as they approached the bed. They were breathing laboriously as he lay her down on his bed, straddling her leg as he lay on top of her. His tongue went far into her mouth as her hands lovingly caressed his upper body.

Danny began to kiss Stacey's soft neck to her ear, gently biting her lobe as his hand caressed her ample breasts over her sweater. He slowly pushed her sweater up her body, gradually revealing her sexy tanned belly. He kissed it, his tongue snaking out and licking her belly button. She sighed above him, hands running through his hair as he kissed just above where she hoped his child was growing. He eased her sweater over huge tits, straining against a black bra. She raised her arms and allowed him to pull her shirt over her head. He kissed her mouth again, tongue sneaking inside. His hand slowly slid down her smooth stomach towards her crotch. 

Stacey subtly parted her legs, still kissing him. She felt him ease her zipper down, and open her button. She sent her tongue into his mouth eagerly, dying for him to touch her. Her crotch was tingling uncontrollably now, she desperately needed him inside of her. He slid his hand into her panties, clearly feeling the smooth skin surrounding her neatly trimmed treasure trail of pubic hair. Hot wetness hit his fingers, and he knew he had found her slit. "Mmmmmph..." she moaned into his mouth when she felt his wonderful touch. 

Bolts of pleasure shot out from her crotch when she felt one of his fingers gently slide up and down the lips of her pussy. Her own hand reached down his body eagerly. She quickly undid his jeans as he gently dipped a finger inside her. She sighed into his mouth as he slid his finger in and out of her. Her pussy gripped his finger tightly, and was so hot as he pleasured her. 

Stacey's expert hand reached into his underwear and gripped Danny's manhood, slowly stroking it. They were breathing heavily inside each other's mouth as they pleasured each other with their hands. He broke the kiss and began to kiss down her neck to her chest. As he kissed down her cleavage, he slid his hand out of her panties, purposely nudging her clitoris on the way up. "Ohhhhh..." she sighed, pure desire gripping every inch of her body. Using that hand, he slowly eased her left bra strap down off her shoulder, the cup slipping off her breast revealing her areola to him. Her nipple was very erect, her entire body was so stimulated. He licked around her areola, teasing her. 

His other hand caressed her other breast over her bra as his tongue gently ran across her nipple. Stacey's chest was heaving as she watched Danny take her nipple into his mouth. She released his cock and arched her back, forcing her nipple to stay in his mouth as she reached behind her and unsnapped her bra. He released her nipple as she pulled her bra off, throwing it on the floor. His heart nearly exploded at the vision of her gorgeous breasts. He grabbed her tits in both hands, squeezing them as he kissed all over them. Again she ran her hands through his hair as he sucked on both her breasts. 

Suddenly, Danny grabbed her pants and began to tug them downward. She obediently raised her ass off the bed, allowing her lover to slide her pants down her legs and over her knees. She pulled each foot out of them, one at a time, and he pulled her socks off with them. Stacey was watching him, naked except for the tiniest, skimpiest pair of black panties. Her chest was heaving, her huge breasts shaking with every laboured breath. 

He grabbed the waistband of her panties and again she raised her ass, allowing her lover to get her completely naked. Danny slowly slid those tiny panties down her long, sexy legs. He was cherishing every second of this, every inch of her beauty. Down over her knees, and off her pretty feet, one by one, before dropping the dainty things on the floor with the rest of her clothes. 

The beautiful Stacey lay naked on his bed before him, legs opened invitingly, feet flat on the bed. He raised her foot to his lips, kissing over each toe as he looked at her gorgeous body. Her pussy lips were swollen, glistening with moisture, pressed together in anticipation. She watched him kiss the bottom of her foot, her cunt was tingling uncontrollably, she was gasping for breath. He kissed and licked up her ankle, and up the calf of her leg to her knee. Her skin was so very sensitive to the slightest touch, and his lips brushing against the inside of her knee sent chills up her body. Her breath was shaking as she watched him slowly run his tongue up the inside of her smooth thigh. 

Danny continued to kiss his way up Stacey's soft inner thigh. He could smell her arousal as he crept ever closer to her wonderful treasure. She gasped when she felt him lightly kiss her needy pussy lips. She slid her feet up the bed, opening herself up for him as he slid his hands under her ass. He kissed her pink lips again, sending a surge of pleasure up her spine. His tongue snaked out and he slowly licked from the bottom of her slit, up to the top, nudging her sensitive clitoris. "Ohhh..." she sighed, squirming. He slid his tongue into her hot tunnel, licking up inside her, tasting her nectar. 

"Ohhh God, Danny..." Stacey sighed, sliding her hands down her stomach. She held the back of his head with each hand as he ate her pussy. He sucked her lips into his mouth, running his tongue all over them as she writhed above him, moaning. He slowly licked up to her clit, and teased it with his tongue. He could feel her hands squeeze and pull at his hair as he pleasured her. He could feel her feet gently caressing the side of his body. 

Suddenly, he sucked her clitoris into his mouth, holding it there as he began to lap at it lightly and quickly. She moaned again, writhing her hips just a little more as pure pleasure overtook her. She could feel an orgasm rocket towards her as the man she loved, the man who would give her his baby, took her to the next level. Her heart began to pound rapidly, and she squeezed her hands into a fist, and curled her toes as the first wave of orgasm hammered into her. "Ohh....." was all she could squeak out, her entire body was shaking, pulsating. There were tears in her eyes as Danny continued to lick her relentlessly. 

"OHHHH GOD!!!!" she finally moaned as she caught her breath. Her orgasm still electrified her but had let up enough to allow her to regain some of her senses. She writhed her pussy into his face, her hands not letting his head move from between her thighs. Finally, she released him with a groan. 

Smiling, he kissed her sensitive lips one more time before raining kisses up her stomach. He pulled off his shirt and threw it away as he kissed all over her heaving breasts. He kissed up her neck, and their lips met, kissing briefly, but repeatedly as Stacey tried to catch her breath. Danny lay on top of her naked body, still in his jeans, as he looked deep into her brown eyes. 

"Do you want to take that test now?" he asked. 

"Ok." she whispered, heart bursting with love. 

"Well," he said, "when you come out of the bathroom, put it on the nightstand, and we'll make love until we're ready to see the results. Sound good?" 

"Yes." she whispered, smiling. She couldn't remember ever being so happy as she was with him. She was so scared, and nervous. When he got off of her and she got up out of the bed, she realized that she was shaking. He watched her sexy, tanned, naked body walk out of the room. Stacey grabbed the home pregnancy test and brought it into the bathroom. 

He stripped off his jeans and became naked for her, hard as a rock. A few moments later, she came out holding it in her hand. Heart pounding, she set it on the nightstand, as instructed, and slipped into bed with him. He moved a Kleenex box in front of it, to try and discourage him from peeking. He wanted them to find out together. She told him how it worked, and what to expect if she was pregnant, and what to expect if she's not. He smiled at her, running a hand over her cheek and through her hair. 

"Are you nervous?" he asked. 

"Very." she said, "are you?" 

"Of course!" he said. He looked at her seriously, fingers still through her hair. "I love you more than anything." he said. 

"I love you, too." she replied. He kissed her softly, and slowly rolled on top of her. Stacey opened her long legs and allowed Danny in between them, giving herself to him. As if with a mind of its own, the head of his penis slipped down the lips of her vagina until it found her entrance. 

He slid the head of his manhood inside, and she gasped into his mouth as she felt part of him enter her. The heat that he felt around the top of his dick was intense, he needed to feel more. He pushed himself inside her all the way. "Ohhhh yessss..." she moaned, feeling herself fill up with his organ. 

He was completely sheathed inside her warmth, and his searching lips found hers and they kissed passionately. She affectionately ran her toes up and down his legs as he began to make love to her. Danny's long, hard penis slowly slid in and out of Stacey's vagina as they rubbed their tongues against each other. The two lovers were breathing heavily as they kissed, her well-manicured hands caressed his back, long nails lightly scratching him. His cock glided in and out of her slick pussy using long, deep strokes, he couldn't help but move a little faster. She began to moan softly into his mouth as the sensation he was giving her grew more intense. 

He broke the kiss, and began to kiss at her neck, pulling the skin outward with his lips. A few minutes had gone by now, and both of them knew that was more than enough time for the results of the test to appear. He pushed his hard penis all the way into her and held it there, holding himself up on his arms. They looked into each other's eyes, he watched her as she laboured for breath, chest heaving. Her heart was pounding like never before, both with arousal as well as nervousness. 

"Are you ready?" he asked softly, relishing the feeling of his organ wrapped in her soft warmth. 

"No." she replied, smiling nervously. "What if I'm not pregnant?" she asked. 

"Well," he began, "I will just have to make love to you all day long and make sure you do next time." Her heart skipped a beat and she smiled at him lovingly, her worries were eased. 

"Do you want to see now?" he asked again. 

"Yes." she whispered, running her bare feet slowly up and down his legs. When he reached forward to move the Kleenex box out of the way, he could see that he was shaking. What an impact on his life! How could a woman steal him away from his girlfriend so easily that he was willing to impregnate her? Unexplainable. 

The lovers watched as he moved the box over, hearts pounding. They gasped in unison. Do you know how some of these tests give you questionable results with a bend of colors? This test was not one of them. The result was 100% clear. 

Stacey was pregnant with Danny's child. 

Her heart soared, and she could feel his penis twitch noticeably inside her. She was having his baby! She looked at him with tears in her eyes. 

"I love you." he said. 

"Oh God I love you too!" she said. He kissed her hard, sliding himself in and out of her again. 

"Are you breaking up with Charmaine?" she asked, between kisses. 

"Tonight I will end it, and we will be together. I love you so much, Stacey!" he replied. Now it was her turn to kiss him hard. Her tongue went far into his mouth as he began to fuck her pregnant body a little harder. "Mmmmph! Mmmmph! Mmmmph! Mmmmph!" she moaned as his rock hard penis rammed harder into her needy pussy. She raised her feet up into the air behind his thrusting ass, increasing the already intense sensation in her cunt. 

He broke the kiss, trying to gasp for breath as he screwed her even harder. "OHH! UNH! UNH! UNH! OHHH! UNH! OHH YES!" she moaned louder, no longer muffled by his mouth. Her feet were flailing helplessly behind him, and he was watcher her huge tits bounce up and down as he fucked her for all he was worth. Her eyes were closed, face clenched, eyebrows raised as he pistoned his rod in and out of her horny twat. 

She let out one long moan, cumming. Her entire body was on fire, her pussy was convulsing, her heart was ready to burst with love and ecstasy. Danny jackhammered in and out of his pregnant love as she tried to recover from her orgasm. Her hands were scratching his back pretty hard as she tried to regain her senses. He wasn't going to last must longer. Stacey was just to beautiful. His feelings for her were just to strong, and the thought of her having his baby shot him over the edge. 

He slid rapidly in and out of her a few more times before holding himself deep inside her. She watched him close his eyes. He moaned, and his cock jerked inside her pussy. A long, hot stream of cum fired out of Danny's penis and into Stacey's pregnant womb. She moaned, wrapping her sexy legs around him and holding him tight, keeping him in her as he came. Load after load of semen shot into her. She rubbed her cunt up against his groin, milking every drop of his seed. 

"I love you so much, Danny." she whispered as he continued to ejaculate inside her. He couldn't reply, his orgasm was so intense. Stacey kissed at his lips and cheek as the last of his cum trickled into her vagina. Finally, he was able to kiss back softly, passionately. Stacey and Danny made love 3 times that morning, his cock never leaving her pussy for 3 hours. Not even for a second. True to his word, he broke up with Charmaine that evening.

*This is the last of the Stacey stories. Some of these are all too true, some were mere fantasy. I hope you enjoyed them. Let me know! And Please Vote! I appreciate the comments and support. Stacey and I have cooled off a little, and I cannot write about her with the same passion I once did...*