 It was nearing 6:20 when Danny gave Stacey a quick kiss and lifted himself off of her. He watched his organ slip out from between her pink pussy lips as he got up, and another surge of desire went through him. The two lovers got cleaned up and then dressed. He was fully clothed again, in jeans and a sweater; she merely wore a T-shirt and skimpy white panties. He went to the bathroom and cleaned up while she went into the kitchen to prepare the dinner that she had planned for them. She knew that there wasn't much time; he would be leaving in a half hour or so.

She was in the process of pulling things out of the fridge when Danny entered the kitchen. Beneath Stacey's T-shirt was her beautiful, tanned ass on either side of the thin white material of her panties. He watched that gorgeous ass wiggle with every move that she made. Even though he had just cum twice, Danny found that incredible ass of hers was making him hard all over again. 

It wasn't just strong sexual desire that was turning him on, but the tremendous love that surged through him when he looked at her. He stepped up behind her and slipped his arms around her soft stomach and kissed her neck, smelling her hair. 

"I love you." He whispered. Tingles went through her body at his words, and she broke into a big smile. She turned her head and he kissed her soft lips. Her heart soared, and she couldn't help but open her mouth. Her tongue darted out, shooting into his mouth as their kiss grew more passionate. As much as she wanted to have a romantic dinner with this man, her animal instinct was taking control once again. 

Danny was hard as a rock, and Stacey could feel the hard bulge in his jeans pressed against her near-naked ass. His tongue shot into her mouth, and they rubbed tongues for a while, breathing heavily as they kissed. His right hand slid down her body between her thighs, and her bare feet spread farther apart on the linoleum, allowing him full access to her treasure. He could feel her swollen pussy lips through the moist cotton, and he rubbed her there. He couldn't believe the heat that was emanating from her cunt! He broke the kiss.

"Oh God..." Stacey breathed as he kissed over her cheek to her neck. He loved the taste of her soft skin, and it was making his desire to have her overwhelming. He continued to tease her wet slit through her thin panties, and she was being very responsive. His fingers were driving her insane, and she had completely forgotten what it was she was doing! He was turning her on so much, and now she was completely in tune with her body, especially her pussy. She was fully aware of his fingers rubbing her swollen lips, and now she noticed the feeling of the tiniest drop of his cum slowly leaking out of her vagina and into her panties. She was lost. Nothing in her life could continue until this man was back inside her. 

He sunk to his knees, almost in a trance as he began to worship her body. He kissed at her smooth ass cheeks on either side of the triangle of her panties. He pushed her panties up the crack of her ass a little with his fingers, completely exposing her cheeks to him. He kissed all over her tanned skin, and she bent over submissively before him, leaning on the counter. 

He grabbed the tiny straps of her panties and began to pull them down. They were stuck in her ass so they folded over a little, but popped out of her crack when he continued rolling them down her long legs. As he brought them down to her knees, he stared at the wonderful ass that he had just exposed. Her legs were parted, her bare feet a couple of feet apart on the floor, and underneath her ass he could see the pink lips of her treasure.

When Danny got her panties down to her ankles, Stacey lifted up a foot and he was able to pull them off her one leg. He left them dangling over her other ankle as he grabbed her hips with both hands, holding her steady. He began raining kisses all over the tanned skin of her ass as she buried her face in her arms, completely giving herself to him. He grabbed a cheek in each hand and began kneading them, spreading them apart little by little. As he massaged her ass, he exposed her tight little asshole, and he kissed just beside her crack. He kissed the puckered lips of her cunt, and Stacey gasped as bolts of pleasure shot up her body. 

His tongue snaked out and he slowly licked up the skin that was between her vagina and her asshole, leaving a trail of saliva behind. His hands squeezed the cool skin of her ass cheeks even harder, spreading them wide as his tongue reached the entrance to her anus. Danny's tongue slowly circled the rim of her asshole, teasing her as she squirmed before him. Suddenly, he eased his tongue into her ass.

"Ohhhh..." she moaned softly as she felt his experienced tongue slip into her anus. Danny circled his tongue around the inside of her asshole, and pulled it out of her. He began to fuck her ass with his tongue, shooting it in and out, in and out as she remained bent over helplessly in front of him. He kissed each of her ass cheeks again, just inside the crack, before standing up. He couldn't take it anymore!

He had his jeans and underwear down to his knees, and his cock out in under a second. Stacey was bent over helplessly before him, gasping for breath. He ran his thick, mushroom head down the crack of her beautiful ass, teasing over her asshole as he made his way down to her treasure. 

They both moaned when he reached the sopping wet lips of her slit. He held his manhood in place at the entrance to her treasure. Her pussy was so wet that it practically sucked the top of his penis inside.

"Ohhh!" She gasped, closing her eyes. Danny pushed forward, easing his cock inside her warmth until his groin was pressed against her ass. He was buried inside her to the hilt. Her hot pussy gripped his entire cock tightly, and she pressed her bum back against him. He leaned over her, holding himself deep inside her, and he nibbled at her earlobe.

"You're incredible, Stacey." He whispered in her ear. She purred softly, turning her face to him. Her searching lips found his and they kissed passionately, tongues exploring. He hands grabbed the soft sides of her ass, holding her as he began to slide in and out of her pussy. He broke the kiss, standing up more so he could watch himself sink into her over and over. His groin was lightly tapping her ass, causing her cheeks to ripple with each impact.

"Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh!" She moaned each time he slid his long, hard dick inside her needy hole. 

She was ramming her ass back to meet him, encouraging him to fuck her harder. His balls were slapping against her clit every time he thrust up into her, and it was driving her to what was sure to be a massive orgasm. She could feel the tingling inside her build.

"UNH! UNH! UNH!" Her cries grew louder as she hurtled towards an orgasm. Danny was fucking her harder and harder, his pole driving far inside her and his balls slapping her sensitive button faster and faster. Her ass cheeks were shaking like crazy as he fucked her as hard as he could from behind. 'Slap slap slap slap slap slap' went his groin against her ass.

"Ohhhhhhh!" She moaned, cumming. Her muscles tensed and her hands clasped at the counter as an intense orgasm washed over her. Danny showed no mercy, continuing to slide his long manhood in and out of Stacey's needy pussy as fast as he could. As he fucked her, his hands spread her ass cheeks apart. He stared down at the view of her pink cunt lips being pulled outward by his cock over and over again. Just above that was the tight little entrance to her asshole. His saliva was still glistening around it. Such a beautiful ass...such an inviting little hole! He had to go in there. The desire was so powerful that he could fight it no more.

As Stacey recovered from her orgasm, she felt Danny's penis slip out of her. Not sure what he wanted to do, she remained bent over before him. When she felt his probing cock slowly run down the crack of her ass, tingles surged up her body as realization sunk in. 

He held his rock hard member straight out before him, slick with the warm juices of Stacey's pussy. He placed the mushroom head at the entrance to her anus, holding it there for a moment. 

Her heart was pounding in anticipation, and her body was tensed up a little in preparation. He pushed forward, hard. His head was so lathered with her nectar that it forced its way inside the rim of her asshole with little trouble. 

"OHH God!" She cried, wincing as she felt her ass stretch wide. He pulled back a little, watching how her tight entrance gripped the end of his cock. He pushed again, this time sliding half of his penis up her ass. Stacey cried out, gritting her teeth as a mix of pain and pleasure shot up her body. She was up on her toes a little, putting her full weight on the counter as she took it up her asshole.

Danny began to slide half his organ in and out of her tiny hole, knowing full well that if he didn't cum twice so recently, than he wouldn't be lasting this long! He had her beautiful, soft ass in a death grip as he stared down at the incredible sight before him. His penis was actually entering Stacey's ass! He still could not believe how his life had changed in the past couple of weeks.

Unable to help himself, he jammed his cock all the way into her asshole.

"UNH!" She grunted, the shock cutting her cry short. His groin was pressed up against her ass; his dick was buried in her anus. Using long strokes, he resumed fucking her bum.

"Unh! Unh! Unh!" Stacey moaned. The pain was starting to overwhelm the pleasure – he was being a little rough with her. He was moving too fast! He was slapping against her ass, causing her cheeks to shake once again. The pain was becoming unbearable as his long rod continued to force its way up her tight hole over and over. 

She gritted her teeth, trying to take the pain and let the man she loved have his way with her. Danny was holding her ass tightly with his hands, slamming his manhood into her ass with all his might. He was like an animal, completely lost in the passion of the moment as his hard, fat cock jackhammered in and out of her anus. Stacey's whines rang throughout the house; it felt so good yet she couldn't enjoy it because it was hurting. Finally, she could take no more.

"Stop!" She begged. He stopped, holding his penis inside her as he regained his senses.

"I'm sorry." Stacey gasped. "You're going to hard and it was starting to hurt!"

"I'm sorry beautiful." Danny said, concerned. He slipped his cock out of her ass. He watched carefully as his fat helmet popped out of her tight rim.

"It's okay," she replied, "you don't have to take it out. Just slow down!" She was breathing laboriously as she spoke. Now that he was out of her ass, she realized how much she liked having him in there!

Ignoring her last statement, he grabbed her roughly and spun her around, pulling her close. His lips were on hers and he kissed her soundly. She was conscious of his hard penis pressing against her stomach through her shirt as she kissed him back. Their kiss was rather sloppy, as they were still trying to catch their breath. 

Danny spun her around, still kissing her as he backed her up to the kitchen table. His tongue was swirling around her mouth as she sat up on the table. Without breaking the kiss, Stacey reached in between him and grabbed his cock. She ran it down the sensitive lips of her pussy, sending bolts of pleasure up her body and causing her to shiver with excitement. 

She let him go when she felt his head touch the entrance to her hungry pussy, and Danny instinctively pushed forward. He slipped into her warmth easily, sliding all the way inside her horny vagina.

"Mmmph!" She moaned into his mouth as she felt herself fill up. Her tongue danced in his mouth even more urgently as she anticipated getting fucked really hard. He didn't let her down. Danny pulled most of his cock out of her and then slammed it inside her hard. 

"MMMPH!" Stacey cried, still trying to maintain their kiss. He began ram his rock hard member in and out of her needy cunt, taking up a rapid pace right away.

"Oh! Ohh! Unh! Unh! Ohh!" She moaned, forced to break the kiss. She leaned back, placing her hands flat on the table as she took his dick over and over. Her bare feet flailed in the air behind his thrusting ass as he fucked her as hard as he could. The table was sliding inch by inch towards the far side of the kitchen with the force of his thrusts. She could feel her orgasm start to rise again as her pussy was buzzing uncontrollably.

Danny was taking in the full sight, and it was pushing him to the edge as well. First he looked on either side of him at Stacey's pretty feet. They were waving up and down in the air helplessly as he screwed her on her kitchen table. He then looked up her long, sexy legs to her wonderful pussy. He could clearly see his hard pole disappearing and reappearing between the pink swollen lips. His gaze traveled up her body to where her huge tits were bouncing up and down beneath her white T-shirt. From there, he took in the best sight of them all - Stacey's beautiful face. The pretty face of the woman he loved. Her gorgeous eyes were looking at him lustfully as she took his cock into her body over and over. Her mouth was open slightly as she moaned with pleasure. 

Her eyes closed and her cries rose in pitch and volume, and he knew that she would soon cum. He reached in front of him and, without missing a beat, he began to rub her clit with his thumb. An orgasm exploded within her.

"OHHHHHHHH!" Stacey cried, shaking. Her legs squeezed shut, pulling Danny against her and forcing his penis deep inside her. He couldn't move! He was so hard that he could physically feel the walls of her pussy squeezing and releasing, squeezing and releasing. Her heart was about to burst it was beating so hard. She couldn't breathe! Her cunt would not stop pulsating!

"Oh God..." she squeaked, face wincing. She quivered for a moment, and then let out her breath in a rush, her legs relaxing. Danny pulled his manhood out of her, finally being able to move. His cock was almost dripping with her juices she was so wet!

Stacey lay before him on the table, weak from exertion. He grabbed her and pulled her off the table, spinning her around quickly. She barely had enough wits about her to bend over before him. She half collapsed on the table, her hands reaching out and grabbing the far edge. She was up on the tips of her toes as let him have his way with her. 

Danny went straight for her ass, pushing his cock between her cheeks and quickly finding the entrance to her anus. He was more than lubricated enough, plus her ass was loosened a little from earlier. As such, he was able to slip into her tight ass rather easily.

"Ohh God Danny..." she groaned as she felt her asshole stretch wide.

He loved how tightly the rim of her anus gripped halfway down his penis.

"Please go easy!" She begged. It felt good, but she knew that could change if he started going as hard as he did earlier. He obliged, slowly sliding half of his penis in and out of her asshole. Soon, half of his penis became most of his penis, and Stacey's grip on the edge of the table tightened. It still felt fantastic, but she feared the worst. Her ass and pussy were buzzing like crazy as the man she loved slid his organ most of the way up her anus over and over.

It was feeling incredible to Danny, and soon he was sliding his cock all the way inside. Stacey was moaning loudly, helplessly sprawled over the table as she got fucked up the ass. He was losing it, unable to stop himself as he slammed harder against her ass. Her cheeks were now shaking with each impact. She was still feeling great even though he was starting to go rough again.

He wanted to pull out and cum inside her pussy, but the feeling was just too good to stop. He moaned, sliding his penis all the way inside Stacey's asshole and holding it there. His dick jerked, unleashing a thick rope of cum inside her ass.

His hands were squeezing her hips hard as his cock twitched again, another stream of semen firing into her anus. Danny was rubbing his groin against her, keeping his manhood as far inside her as possible as he shot more of his hot fluid into her. He sighed, his hands finally releasing her as his cum slowed to a trickle. Stacey was gasping, collapsed on the table.

"Oh my God!" She exclaimed breathlessly. She playfully rubbed her ass against him, milking more of his cum. 

Danny slipped his soft member out of her butt. Stacey stood up. She could feel him begin to leak out of her ass a little as she turned to him, smiling. She leaned upward and kissed him over and over again.