 It was part of my daily routine, a brisk jog before work. Except today was different, no work after the jog! What a great feeling to have all my exercise in for the day and be able to go back home and do whatever I pleased. The Operations Center I managed had now gone to shift work where we would be on four straight 12-hour days and then be off for three straight days. Today was my first day of a nice three-day weekend. It couldn't have come at a better time. 

Two weeks ago, Renee, my longtime girlfriend and I called it quits. Renee was offered a job out on the coast and after long deliberations she decided it was her time to take her shot. I agreed, and the break-up was mutual. Surprisingly, it was a lot less emotional that either of us had felt it would be. Maybe we are both still in shock, or maybe it was just the right time. Jogging never cleared my mind like some people claims it does for them, it just seems to be an event where my mind will wonder into any of the current events going on in my life. The first mile I was thinking of Renee, the second mile I was trying to decide what to do with all the empty space back at the place. As my mind was wondering, I decided to cut through one of my regular paths in the next neighborhood. I jogged by the one large white house in the dead end court that belonged to a mutual acquaintance of ours Rex and my ex-girlfriend Stacia. 

Renee had told me some time back that they had had a son and she had seen Rex with the new baby at the grocery store. This morning as I jogged by, Stacia was standing in the doorway, and came out before I reached the sidewalk in front of their place; she waved me over to come to the porch. Even though we are living in relatively the same neighborhood, I hadn't seen Stacia in what was probably a year. She had definitely put on weight as a result of the baby, but she was looking great. Curvy; her chest grabbed my attention, and I don't consider myself a breast man! 

I turned down my ipod and pulled out the earbuds, I said hi sort of in breath with my slowing stride. 

"Why hello James, you look awfully hot, how have you been?" She said though a snicker. 

"Yes, hot it is!" I replied as I bent to hold my knees for a moment. 

"Well here's a towel to help, would you like some water?" she asked as she handed me the towel. 

"No thanks I replied, I usually just have a large drink when I finish."

Stacia invited me into her living room just off of the screened in porch, she told me if I wasn't going to have a drink she was going to have some tea she had just poured for herself. I stood wiping with the towel as she sat on an oversized chair.

Stacia told me that she had seen me jog by on many mornings, she was typically up feeding and saw me from the upstairs nursery, seeing today I started out a little later because of my new schedule, I assumed she must have put the baby down. I congratulated her on becoming a mom, and made the idle small talk one does with all new parents. She beamed when she talked about Robbie, as she called him. She told me she would love to show him to me, but her mother had picked him up earlier this morning to take him for the day. 

Stacia told me she had heard Renee and I had split and she was sorry. Stroking my ego, she told me that Renee was the one who lost out. She had also made some rolling eye comments about Rex, almost sending up a flag that things were not so happy for the new parents. She told me his travel schedule has increased for his job in the past three months and out of their son's nine months of life; he probably was only around steadily for the first one. 

She then in confidence, with one of those comments, "We've shared some history and I can tell you, but don't tell anyone"... Preempts, that she believed Rex had a girlfriend in Boston and it was only a matter of time before they were done.

Stacia told me that Rex thought she had become fat, and was all around giving any excuse to avoid intimacy. I was sort of curious to know why he would want to stop with Stacia, she was probably the best "fuck" I'd ever had. What broke us apart was she was not a one-man woman. During our brief (just over two-month) relationship, which took place the summer between my sophomore and junior year in college, I know she had cheated on me at least two times. She of course didn't consider it cheating since one time was with a woman, and the other was her free spiritedness helping someone through a difficult time.

Great sex or not, I didn't like her games. For the next few months after our drift apart until we break-up fade away routine, she would call and flatter me by telling me how great I was, and how she really screwed up. It wasn't long after that time that I had met Renee, and all calls and communications stopped.

Stacia wasn't fat. Voluptuous is the only word that came to mind. She was not a small woman to begin with she easily stood 5' 9" so her frame held some extra meat on her bones really well. Her hair had grown long, full and straight. She didn't curl it, but it was a streaked brown, blond, with some red in it too. Her breasts were huge and looked good enough to get my cocks attention, I was looking her over since she had been making so many body comments and I couldn't help but stare.

"What's wrong, do you think I'm fat too?" Stacia asked.

"No...No!" I replied, "I think you look the best I've ever seen you." I meant every word of it.

"Well, thank you", she said and continued, "...But the way you are looking at me I thought I may have to be self conscious. "

Straight up she then stated what should have been a question, "You want to see my tits don't you?" 

In one fluid motion she took her shirt off over her head and let it slide down her arm. She exposed to me, two wonderful breasts. Her stomach was chubby in a sexy way, with that little pouch a woman gets when she matures. Little do most women know, that drives many men (including me) absolutely wild. It's a sexy accent to the body.

"Well come here honey, they're no fun just to look at, if you can't touch them." She coyly cooed as she smiled.

I moved towards her, almost in a trance as my blood was flowing for Stacia in a way it hadn't in years. But this wasn't the Stacia I used to know, who at the time was considered a knockout. This was a Stacia a few years past her prime, but I found her sexier than ever. I moved forward and she made some comment about not biting, she underhandedly stated, I only suck, and suck hard.

Before I could even attempt to touch her breasts she dropped my running shorts to expose my hard member. Suck is exactly what she did. In a longing sucking without teasing or hesitation she had my cock in your mouth, her lips didn't stop until she was three quarters up. Sucking hard was also understated. Stacia was going down on me like she meant business, this was anything but foreplay; she wanted me to cum.

I was almost frozen; I snapped to a little and reached down to begin to pull on her nipples. They were awesome. Large and full, erect and a lot redder in color than they had been years ago when we dated.

Stacia reached behind me and grabbed my ass by both cheeks her nails dug in a little as she pulled me to her, sucking me in harder and deeper. She began to moan and I could feel her moaning as she was sucking me in. She would suck me back and forth, as far down as she could go but never all the way out she would suck on my head and swirl her tongue in a fast circle underneath me at the sensitive area where the head meets the shaft. She then let my cock pop out of her mouth with a heavy sucking sound. She looked up at me as she began to stroke my cock with one hand. 

"Oh baby, you taste so good, you turn me on so much, my pussy is getting so wet for you" she said in one breathless statement, "You can cum anytime in my mouth, I want it so bad, you'll just have to save a second nut for my aching pussy...Okay?"

I nodded in a yes motion, opening my mouth to moan a little as she began to fiercely suck and stroke me at the same time. Stacia's long hair was swaying like a rolling curtain as she sucked faster and harder. She moved the hand she had stroking me underneath me rubbing the area just behind my balls. Pushing with some pressure, rubbing there as she sucked and rolled her tongue under the head of my cock. 

I held her head, trying not to jam her face down on to my rock hardness. She was managing a pace that was unbelievable.

The sensation was overwhelming; I began to moan loudly, I couldn't hold back any longer. "I'm gonna cum baby, Oh, yesssssssssss!" I managed to grunt.

I started cumming, Stacia began to bob her head with little tugs as she kept her lips wrapped tight down to about the middle of my cock. After each swallow she would let out a deep sexy moan. As my orgasm subsided, and I felt the last of my cum leaving me, her sucking slowed down, Stacia looked up at me with almost a greedy, lusty, needy look. She held my cock in her hand as she slid her mouth off after drinking my raging orgasm. Stacia then pulled her self up by grabbing my arms. She kissed me deep as she stood in front of me, her mouth was hot and salty from sucking on me, it was a real turn on to feel her sucking my tongue in a manner that told me how bad she needed me, how bad her lust needed quenching.

"Come with me in to the side room, I have a day bed that will be perfect for what I have in mind!" Her voice was soft yet husky as she led me by the hand.

I quickly pulled my shorts up just enough so I could somewhat comfortably walk. My cock was still hard and given a few moments would be ready for anything. As we entered the room she turned to me, letting her back fall on the day bed as she pulled me on top of her. Our kissing was building in passion, wet hot, and filled with a deep lust that escapes description. Stacia began to rock herself into me rolling her hips and wrapping her legs around mine. She still had light pajama type bottoms on; I began to pull them down along with a rather sexy pair of panties. In maybe another time I may have paused to admire her panties, or even pull them to the side to add for some excitement, but this morning I wanted her bad and I could feel she wanted me just as bad. 

I slid down her chest, her nipples rubbing me erect and hard as I began to kiss down her stomach, over her sexy pouch and through her nicely manicured tuft of pubic hair. I stopped at her slit, slowly opening her with my hand to reveal her clit, and to reveal an extremely drenched entrance. Her thighs, which were thicker since childbirth, yet nicely proportioned with this new sexy body of hers, were wet from her excited pussy.

I began to lick straight up her letting my tongue delve into her hole and rolling the tip further, straight up and out and not stopping until I was rolling her clit in circular licks. Stacia's clit was larger than most clits I have licked and this was an extreme turn on. It also made it easier to suck her into my mouth. All the while, I began to massage my fingers into her. 

One finger at first slipping into what seemed to be an endless supply of wetness, and then a second finger. I sucked her clit rubbing inside her with two fingers in a sort of exaggerated, "come here" motion. I could feel the tip of her cervix dipping down to meet my fingers as she contracted around them. Stacia would raise up a little as I sucked her clit into my mouth and continued to rapidly tongue it while I had it engulfed in my mouth. She was moaning in manner that was erotic and almost even scary at times. She would close her eyes and looked like she was completely possessed by the feeling. She was losing herself in the erotic electricity that had struck us.

As I rubbed inside Stacia I could begin to feel her g-spot, it was becoming more apparent and as I stroked inside her, she was flowing wetness in pools in the palm of my hand and a wet spot forming on the daybed spread. Stacia began to massage her own nipples as I was sucking her clit with greater enthusiasm; I reached up and began to rub her nipple with her. Still rolling fingers inside her, she began to gasp, "I'm cumming! Ohhhh James!"

I kept licking and sucking on her clit, I rolled my fingers in her faster, Stacia was thrashing on the bed, her hips rising as if she was trying to push herself deeper in my mouth and deeper onto my fingers. My left hand had been pinching her nipples with hers, and I began to feel a damp sensation. I peered up and was shocked to see a sight I had never experienced; milk was running from Stacia's breasts. 

The sight and the intense orgasm she was having was just too much, I could feel my cock harder than I could remember it being in years!

I pulled myself up Stacia wrapped her arms around me tight and rolled me over on to my back, She pulled my shirt off over my head, and dropped my shorts with wicked speed, at the same time I kicked off my running shoes.

"I wanna sit on it James!" She moaned!"

"I need to feel you inside me... I want your cock now!"

"Can I sit on it James?" she began to ask in a desperate wanting voice, "Can I fuck you James? It will be sooo good!?!?" 

I began to nod my head saying, "Yes, yes, I want you so fucking bad!" 

Stacia grabbed my cock (which was glistening from my precum) in a hard grip, and mounted me. Her pussy fell down fast and hard engulfing all of my hardness; she was wet and truly hot inside. Instead of bouncing on me she began a rocking intense rubbing on me. Back and forth rubbing herself on top of me, I could tell she was enjoying the sensation of my full hardness inside her as she was rubbing her swollen clit into my pubic hair. I reached up and squeezed her breasts as she dug her nails in my shoulders. She held her eyes closed and her mouth formed almost a perfect circle as she continued to rub faster. The bed began to sound like a train, rocking as she was grinding on me. 

I squeezed her breasts and milk began to run all over my fingers, she looked beautiful as the white streaks began to run down her chest to her navel. All the while she was fucking me without mention of what was happening with her tits. 

Her mouth still in a perfect circle, her eyes still shut tight, she rocked on me and as if a trance was snapped kept rocking, but opened her eyes and said, "You want to taste it?"

"Do you want to drink me?" 

"Please James, taste me...."

She leaned forward lowering her large breasts to my mouth, she began to grip them higher and in a larger circle above her nipple, I opened my mouth, and she began to milk herself into my mouth. The taste was different than what I would have expected. Not really like milk but more like a warm somewhat sweet and tart sensation. 

I could hardly stand it any longer, I sucked her nipple into my mouth and began to suck on it the way I would imagine an infant would to get more milk. Her taste became stronger as it flooded my mouth. She was rocking on me and contracting her pussy, it was if she was trying to milk my cock with her pussy and it was beginning to work. I leaned my head back and blurted, "Oh God, I'm gonna cum!"

Stacia began to rock down on me with an intensity that blew my mind; I reached down holding her ass and began to thrust myself up into her. She screamed, I'm cumming too James!" 

I grunted and started to cum with such intensity, I could feel her cumming too, her wetness was flooding out of her, I could feel what was like a cup of warm juice being poured on my balls. I kept bucking up into her as we were mashing together and making sounds that at any other time would have been almost frightening.

It felt like I was coming forever, after my last orgasmic spasm, I collapsed back into the day bed and Stacia collapsed right down on top of me.

We were hot, sweaty and spent. I lay there stroking her long soft hair as we both enjoyed a moment of just content purring and slight afterglow moans. We didn't speak for what seemed like a very enjoyable eternity. 

Finally we began some soft kissing, smiling and giggling. Eventually, I gathered my things among some small talk; I tugged my shirt and shorts back on. I gathered my shoes and ipod. 

I explained my new work schedule to Stacia. She excitedly asked me if I would be jogging through the court tomorrow, she also let me know her mother would be babysitting again, and Rex was gone for at least a week this time.

I told her I hoped to be in the court tomorrow, and maybe she would want to see me again. She playfully slapped me on the ass and told me I better see her tomorrow.

I kissed Stacia deep and walked out the porch; I began my jog back home. On my jog I could still taste her milk and I was surprised that the girl who was once one of the best, "Fucks" of my life had entered back into it and reclaimed the top position. I don't think it will go anywhere other than great sex but who knows. At this point why should I care? I think a lot as I jog. I couldn't help but think what a stupid idiot Rex must be. 

That day after my shower I must have jacked off three times before noon reliving the experience and thinking of what other forms of fun the two of us could have tomorrow.