 In the tiny foyer of their hotel room in Sand Diego, Stacy Lancaster used her husband. He was flat on his back on the floor. They were not making love; she was riding Jared's dick like it was her own personal toy.

The smooth motions of Stacy's hips sped up. She lowered her upper body onto Jared, bowing her head beside his and resting her chin on his shoulder. Her sensitive nipples tickled along his chest. As she humped more forcefully along his shaft, her body pressed lower and lower. Soon, her tits were mashed flat and she rubbed them against her husband. He could feel the hard little points and they almost seemed to be searing tracks across his skin.

As Stacy's movements continued to become more intense and less controlled, she buried her chin into Jared's shoulder. Her arms encircled his, passing under him and holding tightly to his shoulders. She was making continuous sounds of pleasure deep in her throat.

Jared's hands clasped Stacy's soft round buttocks. He let his fingers sink more deeply into her crack and he squeezed her flesh hard. His wife groaned in response, taking a moment to grind her bush against his. She was swiftly approaching orgasm again and her pussy's walls were alive with need.

"I'm going to cum again. Oh god, I don't ever want to stop! Don't stop babe, I love having you in me." Stacy came, hot and cold tremors flashing across her body.

As his wife climaxed, Jared began thrusting roughly up at her. Lifting his ass, he forced her hips high and then began jabbing in and out of her quickly. Stacy keened with pleasure, her hands clawing against his shoulders. Jared stoked her orgasm hotter and hotter, sending her into orbit.

For half a minute Stacy rode the wave of euphoria to the beat of Jared's bucking. "Don't stop, don't ever stop." She said over and over again. Her hips began to dance as the strain of climax began to seep from her body. After two climaxes in the space of less than five minutes, Stacy's systems were at full speed. She was soaking Jared's dick and their groins with her juices. The wet slap their bodies made upon contact was a familiar and arousing sound to Stacy's ears.

Raising her body slightly, Stacy strove to meet each of her husband's thrusts. At each withdrawal, the enormously flared head of his cock pulled at the elastic entrance of her hole, giving each cycle a delicious note of tension. Then their hips would crash against one another and her deepest recesses would fill with hot, loving man-muscle.

Running on all cylinders, Stacy came two more times in rapid succession, each orgasm shuddering through her body and building her arousal. As her pussy was convulsing for the fourth time, Jared groaned deeply. He went stiff and pulled his wife's hips firmly onto his. With his staff buried balls-deep, Stacy felt it swell and pulse, almost as if fighting against her constricting hole. As she rode through the heat of her orgasm she groaned and wailed along with her husband.

The first flood of molten sperm to blast into her womb hit her like bomb in her gut and thrills of something like adrenaline shot through her body. The second bomb somehow managed to trigger what felt like a new, intense orgasm on top of the one she was already experiencing.

Stacy's wildly ecstatic pussy clamped down on Jared's spurting cock like a whole series of nooses. For a split second, his next salvo of cream was restricted. As the pressure spiked, it exploded from his cock with incredible force. Both Lancasters cried out as the shot-gun blast reverberated through their bodies.

Jared collapsed after that, panting. His arms dropped to his sides as his cock pulsed and dribbled through the ebb of his climax. Stacy's pussy continued to wring itself around his member as her own orgasm slowly played itself out.

It was a minute or two later when Stacy sat up straight atop her husband. She was breathing hard and sweat glistened all across her body. Her playful ass was squirming on his thighs and it felt as if his wife's pussy was sucking on his cock.

"I need you to stay hard." She said, wiggling with greater purpose.

Jared let out a whining groan. "God, Stacy, can't we at least get on the bed first?"

Stacy looked down at him, her face a confusing jumble of expressions. There was a smirk catching at one corner of her mouth and it angled one brow up slightly. Her eyes fluttered between heavily lidded and bright and eager. For a moment, the smirk seemed on the verge of turning into a snarl but then without warning, a giggle escaped her throat.

"Very well, if you promise to stay hard for me, we can move to the bed. But there's one other thing I want to do first."

She carefully rose above him and reached down to hold the base of his dick steady. She slid herself up and swung her leg off him. Kneeling beside Jared, she bent down low. "Oh wow, I can smell my pussy on you. Can you smell it? And your spunk is sticking to your gorgeous thing like icing." She gave him a playful glance. "You know how much I like the taste of our sex."

Jared's cock was still mostly hard but not at its peak of arousal. Normally, his seven inch tool had an enormous plum-shaped head on it that seemed two sizes too big for his shaft. Now, the head was small and spongy and sort of spear-shaped.

With relish, Stacy slid the velvety head past her lips and into her salivating mouth. For a moment, as she let the flavor of their mutual passion fill her mouth, she thought of the woman on the beach. Excitement growing, she licked up and down the length of her husband's sausage, imagining that the other woman was watching them as they had her. She licked and slurped every inch of his shaft clean. Wet, sloppy sounds emanated from her pink qwim as her fingers pillaged through its furred folds.

Given this stimulation, there was very little chance that Jared's dick would soften.

Abruptly, Stacy jumped to her feet. She bent to pull at Jared's arm. "God, get a move on. I need more of that fucking cock!" She pulled him to the bed and fell into it, pulling him down across her. As she wiggled her way into the middle of the mattress, her hand pulled Jared's slick member along. "Come on!" she said.

With the ease of long practice, Stacy's bent legs spread wide and Jared sank between them, spearing his cock back into her molten slit. Excitedly, she rubbed at her hooded clitoris. "You remember that New Years eve night?" she asked.

"I'll never forget it. It hurt to wear pants for a week. You wore me out, babe."

Stacy grunted softly as he began thrusting firmly into her. "You were fantastic that night, Jare'. Remember? You were hard for two fucking hours. We fucked the entire time. I came so much I lost track of up and down." Her pussy clenched at the memory.

That new-year's eve night after they had already been making love for nearly an hour and after Jared's third orgasm, Stacy had not let up on him for a second, more or less forcing his cock to stay hard. She succeeded but he was somewhat desensitized by the ordeal. Jared had actually been unable to cum for another hour and Stacy had gone wild, fucking his tireless horn with abandon and cumming and cumming in an endless stream.

By the time Jared finally came for the fourth time, she felt like a wrung-out rag. Her body buzzed for fifteen minutes after he finally pulled his soft, worn cock from her its confines.

Then, probably the most amazing thing had happened. After a little while, Jared got hard again; a proud and powerful erection that he used to plunder Stacy's for once satisfied pussy for a further twenty minutes. Stacy had had to redefine her definition of 'satisfied' because she discovered that her body was more than merely capable of still feeling pleasure; upon sight of her man's renewed erection, she immediately felt urgent hunger twist through worn but willing vagina.

That was the first time in her life she had felt like her sexuality had ever been challenged. She had been shocked by the way insane lust rose anew within her to meet and surpass the test.

"I want that again, babe. In fact, I bet you can do even better. Come on Jare, maybe you can be the one to fuck me to death." With that, she snaked an arm around the back of his head and pulled their mouths together. Her tongue painted the inside of her husband's mouth with eager flicks of passion.

Jared pulled his face away from hers for a moment. "God I love you." he breathed. Then he fell back into her embrace and they locked lips. He burrowed his cock as far into his wife as his could, pressing his loins to her furry mound and repeatedly jabbing her boiling qwim with short thrusts. Her tiny, hidden clitoris was repeatedly battered between their bodies.

With a high-pitched shriek that was only slightly muffled by Jared's devouring mouth, Stacy climaxed. Her ass gyrated wildly, bouncing up and down on the mattress. Her hands clawed at her lover's back. She tilted her head forward to press her forehead against his, breaking their kiss. "Oh god, more! Oh god I love you. I love your cock. You make me cum so good, baby. You're the best."

Snorting and grunting with effort, Jared struggled to the edge of the bed, pulling his insanely horny wife along by her legs and the grip her voracious cunt had on is cock. Somehow he got his feet to the ground without taking a pratfall off the bed and jockeyed his woman's body into position.

Now standing at the side of the bed with her legs raised in his hands, he looked down at her. Her hair was plastered to her face by perspiration but all he had eyes for was the expression of mad arousal she wore. "And you," he said as he tried to control his breath, "Are one hot fucking babe. Your hot fucking pussy feels tight like a little girl's but you fuck like the twenty hottest sluts in the world all rolled into one. I love the way you cum and cum and cum your ass off around my cock. I love how tireless you are and the way you keep asking for more turns me on like nothing in my life."

He gave her legs a jerk to seat himself more deeply in her and leaned over her body. "I love what a crazy little fuck bunny you are sometimes but don't ever forget that most of all, I love YOU." He punctuated the last word with a hard jab against her body. He followed it with another and then another. Sweet girl cum made little splashes each time their bodies came together. Out of her mind with lust, Stacy's hands were molesting her own body; twisting her nipples and scrubbing at her clit.

Jared's still somewhat desensitized penis wasn't feeling a lot. He was a long way from cumming. He fucked his wife every way he knew how, slow and gentle, fast and hard, smooth and firm, with wildly twisting movements or just burying his shaft in her hole and shaking against the bed.

During the heavier assaults, Stacy's tits jumped and swayed despite their firm pertness. They felt so hot and swollen; Stacy couldn't keep her hands off them. She was climaxing so hard and so often that her abdomen was slowly beginning to ache as if she had been fighting a cough for a week. But that minor discomfort didn't really register on her reeling mind. All she felt was ecstasy.

After twenty minutes of this, Jared's hardness was swollen to maximum arousal but was not yet ready to release. However, his legs, back and lungs burned from his exertions. His wife was once again in mid-climax when he finally wailed and grunted and collapsed on top of her, puffing like a sick coal train.

It took Stacy a little while to actually notice the change. It was only when her mind cleared a little after her orgasm that she felt the weight and the relative quite. For a moment she thought he had finally cum but his pulsing sex was still filling her pussy delightfully. She was sure she would have noticed if he had flooded her with more of his hot seed.

His body had collapsed but the most important organ was still ready for business.

She hugged him tightly for a moment. "Thank you so much." The horse sound of her own voice almost made her laugh. "That was awesome. Now let me do you."

She twisted beneath him and rolled their bodies over. He was looking up at her half dazed and she giggled. She laid her head against his shoulder and inhaled his scent. The vibrating muscles of her pussy undulated against his meat and her ass swayed. Gathering her will, she raised her body and arched her back dramatically. Jared stared at her trembling breasts thrust out at him. He could feel the entrance of her hole clasping the head of his penis.

She held the pose, stalling, letting every fiber in her body savor the anticipation. In the quiet she could feel sweat running across her back and beads of it dripping from her breasts.

Then, very slowly, her hips descended and her body relaxed. Every part of her body save her pussy. There she bore down hard, making herself tight. The velvet hole Jared had been pillaging now resisted his entry. Stacy fought with herself; pressing her body down on his pleasure point on the one hand but resisting penetration with all her might on the other.

Stacy was impressed anew by her lover's stamina. His shaft did not buckle under the load. Jared's cock was as hard as ever and stood up to the demands she placed on it. The path it was forging into her body may have been intimately familiar but it now felt brand new.

Stacy's slow downward progress eventually brought the splayed petals of her sex into soft contact with her lover's groin. First there was a gentle, trembling lick of pink flesh against hairy thigh. She paused a moment and rocked gently, letting her delicate lips kiss the base of his cock. Then her descent resumed and they slowly spread out in a welcoming embrace. Jared could distinctly feel their wetness.

Finally, Stacy's fuzzy mound was firmly against Jared's pelvis. Still exerting all the pressure she could bring to bear, she rocked against him. Her eyes were closed and she was bighting her lips, deeply focused on the task at hand. Her pussy was clamoring for a speedy eruption but she was trying to slowly build up to it.

For three or four minutes, she danced subtly atop her man. Only the quickening of her heart revealed the excitement that was growing insider her.

Finally, almost whimpering, she angled her body forward to press her clit hard against Jared. She gasped and croaked, resisted her orgasm for one split second longer and then was overwhelmed by a raging torrent of passion.

Suddenly, her hips went wild. She lost control of her climaxing cunt and the pressure on Jared's member eased. At the same time, her hips began bouncing up and down atop of him, fucking furiously as she came. Her teeth were locked together and only a straining groan escaped.

Despite the fact that he lay quite still beneath her, Stacy rode Jared like he was the world's wildest bucking bronco. At the peak of her orgasm, she jerked her hips away, letting his red and inflamed cock loose for a few seconds. Her pussy was dripping with its secretions and she cried out hoarsely as she slapped at it several times, spraying both of them with her watery cream.

Then she grabbed his prong and shoved back into her boiling twat.

After that gigantic climax, Stacy rode her man aggressively through two more pleasurable but more staid eruptions. Though her brain was steeped in lust, some corner of her mind knew that Jared was finally beginning to approach his own release. An evil plan suggested itself to her. Something so cruel and sadistic it could not have originated with sweet little Stacy.

As her final orgasm ebbed, she let herself topple off of Jared and fall to his side.

Jared was not exactly well-rested but he had recovered somewhat while his wife did all the work riding him. His erection felt naked without his wife's eager, snapping pussy. It was long past the point of merely being kept hard; it was a pulsating bludgeon of pent-up passion. He began to turn towards his wife, thinking perhaps to resume their love-making on their sides.

It hadn't happened very often but one thing Jared knew about the woman he had married was that any time she seemed to need a breather during their love making was the perfect time to take her aggressively. Whatever the rest of her body might be feeling, he knew that her demanding pussy would always welcome more action. The best way to restore her energy was to keep the sexual pressure up. Of course, he had to be careful to not make any promises his hard cock couldn't fulfill.

But right then, after the way she had taken advantage of him and given the need throbbing in his nuts, he wasn't thinking too hard about being able to deal with what he might unleash. He reached across Stacy's hips and tried to pull her toward him.

He was shocked when she fended him off and even more surprised when she rolled the other way and off the bed. She seemed to be trying to act like she hadn't noticed the intention of his advance. With her back to him, she made a vague, distressed motion with her arms. "Dang it," she said with minor severity, "I can still feel the sun-block. I feel icky. And there's still sand on my legs." She moved away from the bed and made herself busy at the dresser.

Jared stared at her flexing buttocks, his swollen red knob knocking against his stomach to the beat of his heart. "Stacy? Don't worry about it; we can take a shower in a bit. Come back here babe." The tone of his voice echoed his confusion. What was she playing at?

"No." she said, her back still to him. The truth was, Stacy couldn't chance catching sight of his hard cock; not until she cooled down a little bit. "Let's shower now. I can't think about sex while I feel icky like this." She lied.

Jared didn't know what to do. That his wife was playing another game was obvious, but of what sort? Was she using the excuse of the shower to draw out their lovemaking and prevent his erection from spending itself? Stacy was always begging him to hold out longer and fuck her over and over again but she'd never tortured him like this before, never left him mid-fuck. His balls were aching.

Or was she waiting for him to rush to her and throw her back onto the bed? It was not unheard of for her to tease him a bit and entice him into aggressive ravishment of her body.

His penis was in need now and he let it make his decision for him. Rising from the bed, Jared sidled up behind his wife. His protruding sex pressed between the fleshy globes of her ass. He smiled unseen behind her; his wife did not like anal sex. Not at all. In fact, he had never had her that way. He knew she had tried it from their late-night confession sessions but she very adamantly did not like it. She did not absolutely refuse to let her husband have her that way but knowing how much she disliked it prevented it from being a temptation for Jared. It wasn't an act he got any special charge from and so he simply never pursued it.

And he wasn't seriously considering it right then either but he figured he should play some games of his own.

But he was brought up short when Stacy spun around pushed him away. "No, Jared. You'll have to wait." She hoped that he hadn't noticed the way she had shivered with arousal when he pressed against her. If he continued to make an issue of it, she would ultimately be unable to resist. She needed to create some separation if she was going to get away with this. Trying not to rush too obviously, she darted for the bathroom. "I'll get the water started." She said.

Well, Jared now knew for certain what she was after. As a matter of fact, he had felt her stiffen and shiver. He recognized the signs well; she was still as horny as Santa's entire flock of reindeer. She was trying to draw things out and extend the life of his erection.

As he stood there weighing his options, his balls aching and dick slowly drying, Stacy stuck her head back out of the bathroom. He noticed that she very carefully did not look at his sex. But she did have something to say about it. "And keep your damn hands off my cock." She gave extra, possessive emphasis to the word 'my'. "I expect it to still be ready when we're clean and I can enjoy it properly." As if she'd been having any trouble enjoying it.
