 At 4:30 or shortly after, Stacey was fully dressed and ready to go. Danny had to pickup his girlfriend at 5, and so needed to drop Stacey off at the mall by quarter to. At the door she put her arms around him and looked into his eyes. 

"I had an amazing time," she said, "when will I see you again?" 

"As soon as humanly possible." He replied, smiling. He slid his hands down to her ass and squeezed it softly over her thin dress. 

"I love you." She said. 

"I love you too." She kissed him tenderly, and he pulled her close. They made out at the doorway for a couple of minutes, succeeding only in working each other up.

On the drive to the mall, they spoke of how they would stay in touch via email for the time being. 

Danny pulled up to her car at the back of the mall parking lot at around 4:45. He needed to say goodbye in 5 minutes if he was to pick up Charmaine on time. She turned to him. 

"Well," she breathed, "I guess this is goodbye than." She leaned forward and their lips met again, smacking loudly. She snuck her tongue into his mouth, her hand squeezing his semi hard dick through his shorts. She broke the kiss. 

"Just let me say goodbye to your cock one more time." she said with a smile. How could he object? She pulled his rapidly growing penis out of his shorts right there in the mall parking lot in broad daylight. She bent down to his lap and he felt moist warmth engulf his manhood. He sighed, fully hard now as Stacey began to bob her head up and down on his lap. She was slobbering all over his cock, sucking loudly. 'slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp' went her mouth as she gave him expert head. She knew that he might make her stop, and she was feeling horny again (even though she had never been fucked so much in her life!) so she pulled his dick out of her mouth with a slurp. 

His breathing was laboured. He watched her as she reached under her sundress and pushed her panties down her legs. She pulled her feet out of them and stuffed them into the pocket of his shorts, a mischievous smile on her face. 

"A souvenier." She said. He made no move to stop her as he watched her swing a leg over him, straddling him. His cock was still out and her dress was hiked quite a ways up her thighs. He could feel the moist heat of her bare pussy pressed against his naked cock as her lips found his. He was powerless to resist. 

She kissed him again, tongue sneaking into his mouth. She grinded her hot cunt against his pole, her juices coating his shaft as they made out. His heart was pounding. How can she do this to him? He just fucked her 4 times in 5 or 6 hours and she still had complete control over him! There have been a few times in his life where he has had sex that many times, but usually the woman had to work on it after 4 times! What Stacey was doing to him was effortless! How many times does he have to get off before he's not at her mercy anymore? 

He kissed her back, breathing heavily into her mouth. Danny grinded upwards against her, knowing he didn't have time to fuck her, yet hoping his dick would 'accidentily' slip inside. The more he grinded against her, the more they subconsciously tried to 'accidentily' put it in. Soon, their wish came true. 

Danny grinded his cock too far back, Stacey grinded her pussy too far forward. The top part of his penis pierced her sopping wet vagina and he entered her half way. "Mmmmph" she moaned into his mouth, moist heat gripping the top half of his dick. Sliding his hands under her sundress, he grabbed her ass and forced her down on his lap hard. "MMMMMPH!" she moaned, still kissing him as her pussy gobbled up his entire cock again. He began to fuck upwards, a slave to his animal instinct, a slave to her incredible beauty, a slave to her. She began to ride him, his cock feeling amazing in her, wanting one more load of his seed inside her. 

She was forced to break the kiss, moaning, breathing heavily as she fucked him in his car. Neither one cared that the car was rocking violently in broad daylight. All they noticed was the incredible feeling in their bodies, the heat of their sex. Up and down, up and down her slick cunt slid on his thrusting rod. He was kissing all over her neck to her shoulders, not caring that the dashboard clock said 5pm, and that he was late picking up his girlfriend. 

His hands squeezed her soft ass cheeks as she moaned above him. He kissed down her exposed chest to her massive cleavage, and kissed between her beautiful breasts as he felt a fifth orgasm approach. 

"Oh, God Stacey…I'm gonna cum again!" he hissed. Stacey rammed her ass down on him even harder and faster, trying to get any remaining sperm he might have left in him. He lost it, lifting his ass up off the seat. Stacey held her ass down on his lap, holding his member inside he. She looked at him, still breathing heavily, watching his expression as he came inside her. 

"I love you Danny" she said as orgasm hit him. A huge load of cum fired out of him and into her. He didn't know where he got it from, and didn't care. His penis spasmed inside Stacey's vagina, unleashing another flow of semen into her womb. 

At that moment, Charmaine stepped outside of her work and sat down to wait for her boyfriend, having no idea that he was busy shooting a load of cum into another woman at that very second. 

He moaned, the last of his seed dripping out of his organ and into Stacey's fertile pussy. She kissed him over and over, lips smacking as they recovered, his penis softening inside her juicy vagina. She smiled at him, giving him one more kiss. She got off of him, his dick slipping out of her sloppy cunt. He put his dick away, doing up his pants. He couldn't believe nobody walked by that whole time! Or did they? He didn't know and he didn't care. 

They said their goodbyes, kissing again. Stacey got out of the car, thoroughly satisfied, 5 loads of cum in her pussy.

Danny picked up his girlfriend 15 minutes late, another girl's panties in his pocket, his dick smelling like pussy.