 Chapter 3

As the two recovered from their exertions, they didn't hear the sound of the BMW pulling into the circular drive and into the garage. Stacy's mom got out of the silver Beemer and lugged her suitcase into the house. She'd managed to catch and early flight home, but she was dog tired from her business trip, and she was looking forward to climbing into her whirlpool tub and relaxing. 

She called out to Stacy, but getting no answer, she assumed her daughter must be out. Her mom, Lois, was staying with Stacy, but it didn't surprise Stacy's mom that Lois hadn't heard her come in. Her hearing was getting worse every year.

She climbed the stairs to her master suite. On the way, she passed by the guest room and saw Lois asleep in her leather recliner while the television blared. It was tuned to one of those afternoon talk shows that Stacy's mom found so irritating. She tip-toed into the room and turned the volume down before proceeding on to her room.

She dropped her suitcase on the floor and kicked off her high heels. She jokingly said that, after a day of walking around in 5-inch heels, the feeling of taking them off was just about as good as an orgasm. 

She padded across the floor in her stockings, pausing at the mini-fridge where she grabbed a bottle of Chardonnay and a chilled wine glass before heading to the bathroom.

Her bathroom was as big as most people's bedroom, and that didn't include the walk-in closet that essentially doubled the size of the room. Large windows lined the wall near the Jacuzzi tub. The glass was specially treated so that when she flicked a switch, the glass would turn opaque. She didn't understand the science behind it, but it was pretty cool technology, but the truth of the matter was that she rarely used it. First of all, her back yard was secluded enough that you'd basically have to climb into a tree to see into her bathroom, and second, Stacy's mom was somewhat of an exhibitionist at heart, and she wasn't really too worried about someone catching a peek at her body.

She was in her late 30s, having had Stacy when she was only 20 years old, and she still couldn't get used to the idea that she had a 19-year-old daughter.

She went over to the tub and turned on the water to begin filling it. That's when she noticed Stacy and her boyfriend lying on the pool beach. It looked like they were asleep. Not for the first time, Stacy's mom wondered if her daughter was still a virgin. She doubted it — not with a boyfriend like Wayne. There was something about him that she couldn't quite figure out. He just seemed to have a lot more confidence than she remembered having at his age. 

She began stripping off her clothes, removing the tight white blouse that was professional while still being provocative. The tight straight skirt came next, revealing the thong underwear and garter belt that held up the hose. Stacy's mom couldn't stand panty hose, and besides, the garter belt made her feel incredibly sexy. She popped the clasps on the garters and, placing one foot on her dressing table stool, rolled the nylon down her leg. She repeated the process with the other leg and then shimmied out of the garter. 

She released the front clasp of her Victoria Secret bra to reveal her large breasts, both delighted at being freed from their bondage. She pressed them together and massaged them briefly to restore the circulation. Her nipples hardened immediately, not so much from the manual stimulation as from the cool air in the house. 

She stepped out of the thong and walked over to the tub. The water was hot, but it felt good on her sore muscles. She always felt like she had been physically beaten after a long day of travel. She lay back in the tub, and allowed the pleasure of the water to wash over her and lull her to sleep.

***

Stacy opened her eyes and realized that she had dozed off. She noticed that Wayne had put her bikini back on her while she slept, and in fact, he was still sleeping next to her. 

All of the sudden, she remembered her promise to him. "Maybe he'll forget," she thought, but quickly discarded that idea. There was no way he was going to forget that she promised to suck him off. 

"Well," she thought, "I did promise." Even as that thought ran through her head, she realized that she was kind of excited by the idea. After all, a bunch of her friends said they had done it, and they talked about how as long as they gave good head, their guys would follow them anywhere.

Stacy looked over at Wayne's sleeping form. His legs were hanging down into the water, and she could see the bulge of his cock through his swimsuit. 

"Why not?" she thought, looking around to make sure no one had come out onto the terrace while they slept. 

Moving quietly, she slid down the beach and into the pool, which was about 4 feet deep where the beach dropped off. She was able to stand comfortably, and she moved between Wayne's legs, being careful not to wake him up.

Leaning down, she began placing kisses on the outline of his cock and balls. The young man started to stir. She placed her mouth over his balls and blew her warm breath through the fabric of his trunks. That elicited a soft moan from him.

Moving back up, her kisses became more fervent as his cock continued to grow until it extended to the waistband of his shorts. She could actually see the head when she looked down into his shorts. Her little pink tongue snaked out to lick the tip when she noticed a small drop of pre-cum forming at the opening. She scooped it up, tasting the thick, slightly salty fluid, and didn't find it distasteful at all.

She grasped the drawstring on his suit, and untied it. There was no way she was going to get the suit off of him without him waking up, so she began to rub him through the fabric, stroking the long shaft and cupping his balls.

Wayne awoke to one of the greatest feelings known to man — a beautiful young woman caressing him.

"Did you have a good nap?" she asked.

"Uh huh," he said, stretching.

"I've been thinking about my promise," she said.

"And?" 

"I want these off of you," she said without preamble.

Wayne looked around to make sure they were alone, and then lifted his hips from the shallow water and slid the trunks down his legs. Stacy pulled them all the way off and tossed them across the pool.

"Hey! What if someone comes out?" he complained. 

"Well, I guess you'd better stay in the deep end until they're gone," she said deviously. 

With his suit out of her way, Stacy leaned between his legs and ran her tongue across his balls. He groaned in appreciation. She took one into her mouth, and he sucked in his breath, feeling somewhat alarmed that her teeth were now wrapped around his huevos. 

He felt her tongue dance over his sensitive balls and decided that the feeling was amazing. 

***

Stacy's mom awoke with a start. She had been having a dream, an erotic dream to be exact. She was lying in a cabana being pleasured by and pleasuring three young men. Her pussy was tingling, and she reached under the water to run her fingers through her slit. She leisurely played with herself, using one hand to circle her clit while the other squeezed her breast.

She wasn't sure what possessed her to do it, but it probably had something to do with the young men in her dream, but she looked out the big glass window onto the pool, and what she saw took her breath away.

Her daughter, Stacy, was between her boyfriend's knees engulfing his impressive cock in her mouth. She watched as Stacy took his rod deep into her mouth, and even from her second-floor bathroom, Stacy's mom could see her daughter gag slightly from taking it a little too deep.

Instead of being horrified, she was proud of her daughter's obvious "skills." She was a woman after all, and old enough for sex. Stacy backed off of Wayne's cock and holding it upright, she licked the delicate area just under the head. She swallowed him again and sucked on it for a moment before running her tongue down the length to his balls. She sucked one, then the other into her mouth. While she was doing that, her hand was pumping up and down his shaft, keeping him hard and primed.

Stacy's mom couldn't help but slip her fingers between her legs and touch herself as she watched the erotic display below. It had been a while since she'd been with a man. Since her husband had walked out on them, she sworn off men for a while. Frankly, she had a lot of trust issues. She'd gotten quite adept at taking care of her own needs, but she realized watching her daughter perform oral sex on Wayne that it wasn't the same. 

She slid out of the water and onto the edge of the tub, where she could recline against the marble wall while she watched the show below and continued to frig herself.

Her daughter had returned Wayne's cock to her mouth, and she was moving her head up and down in conjunction with the fist she had wrapped around the shaft. Whenever her jaw became tired, she would release the head from its moist prison and use her tongue and fist to keep building to his orgasm. 

"Tell me when you're about to cum. I want to taste you," she said as she took him back into her mouth. 

Wayne put his hand on her head and began thrusting his hips gently, forcing his cock into her throat. He could hear her gag slightly, but she didn't let up.

Stacy's mom pinched her nipples and drove two fingers into her own hole as she watched the young lovers. She allowed her little finger to penetrate her anus so that she was filled both fore and aft. She released her nipple and used one hand to circle her clit rapidly while the other kept both her holes occupied. She was spread obscenely wide, and she caught her reflection in the bathroom mirror and smiled at the lewd, horny woman looking back at her. 

By the pool, Wayne's thrusts were becoming more aggressive. He was now fucking Stacy's face, and she knew it wouldn't be long.

She heard him groan "Now!" loudly and make one final thrust into her mouth before he unloaded his sperm-filled balls. A warm swath of semen coated her tongue and the back of her throat, and she swallowed knowing the next blast would follow in seconds. He didn't disappoint her. The second shot was even bigger than the first, and she felt the gooey liquid seeping out around his cock and dribbling out of the corner of her mouth. She was trying desperately to swallow it all, but before she could get load number 2 down, load number 3 filled her mouth again and she more or less gave up. She swallowed as best she could and allowed the rest to leak out of her mouth. 

Wayne's orgasm started to subside, and he loosened the grip he had on her head. She continued to suck on him, pulling out the last drops, before withdrawing from his now softening penis.

Stacy's mom could see the cum glistening on her daughter's face like shiny pearls. "Oh my God, she swallowed the whole thing," and that realization pushed her over the edge as she convulsed with her own orgasm. It was so violent that she slipped off her perch on the edge of the tub and slid back down into the water, causing waves that cascaded over the side and onto the marble floors. 

As she recovered, she looked down at her daughter who was now licking Wayne's cock, cleaning all the cum off his shaft and balls, gently and deliberately. Wayne looked like he was in heaven, and Stacy's mom couldn't blame him. She had had men in a similar position, and she understood what it meant to hold the power to please in your hand. 

She watched as Stacy finished her task and then saw the girl swim across the pool to retrieve Wayne's trunks. He slipped them back on, and they kissed. They broke apart laughing and jumped into the pool and began playing like all kids do when they get in the water. 

Stacy's mom decided it was about time for her to announce her presence. She climbed out of the tub and grabbed a big fluffy towel off of the towel warmer. She wrapped it around her torso and went to the sink to comb out her long blond hair, much like her daughter's.

After she removed the tangles, she padded into the bedroom and opened the double French doors that led out onto the terrace overlooking the pool. 

"Hey, you two. Looks like you've been having fun."

"Mom!" Stacy said in a surprised voice. "When did you get home? I thought you weren't coming in until later. How long have you been here?" she asked with trepidation.

"Long enough," her mother replied with a pause, "to take a nice relaxing bath." I didn't want to disturb you two." 

Stacy gulped and wondered what, if anything, her mother might have seen. She realized that the beach was easily visible from her mother's bathroom.

"How are you, Wayne?" Stacy's mom asked.

"I'm doing great," he said with a grin that was just a little too big. "How was your trip?"

"Long and tiring. I'm glad to be home. Oh, by the way, can you come over and mow the lawn tomorrow.

"Sure thing," he said. "I'll do it after school."

"Oh," Stacy said disappointedly. "I have volleyball practice after school tomorrow. I guess I won't get to see you."

"Don't worry. As big as your yard is, I'll probably still be working on it when you get home."

"OK, we'll see you tomorrow then," Stacy's mom said, as she turned to go back into her bedroom. Although, she didn't see Wayne's eyes follow her retreat, she knew that they were there. The strategically placed towel couldn't hide everything, and looking up at the terrace from the pool would have given him an eyeful. The exhibitionist in her enjoyed the thought of him catching a glimpse of her nakedness beneath the towel. After all, what harm could come of it?

Chapter 4

Wayne mowed the lawn while Stacy's mom watched from the window of her second story bedroom. He had removed his shirt, and she could see the sweat gleam off of his tanned athletic body.

"He's delicious," a voice behind her said. Stacy's mom was so focused on the young man working feverously in her yard, that she was slightly startled when she felt her best friend's hands encircle her waist.

Karen leaned down to kiss her friend's neck, which she tilted to grant greater access, but she didn't take her eyes off of Wayne.

"You want him, don't you?" Karen asked, reaching one hand up to grasp her bikini-clad breast and squeezing it playfully.

"He's just a kid," Stacy's mom said lamely. 

"He looks like a man to me," Karen replied, rubbing her own breasts against her friend's back.

"Yes, he does, doesn't he," she sighed, starting to react to what Karen was doing to her.

The two women were obviously more than just friends. They were, as they say nowadays, friends with benefits.

Since Stacy's dad had walked out on them a couple of years before, Stacy's mom had more or less given up on men, but she still had needs, and her former college roommate did an excellent job of meeting them.

The two had dabbled in a lesbian relationship in college when neither of them had a boyfriend, but it wasn't a committed lifestyle for either of them.

Karen was definitely the aggressor. She'd come on to Stacy's mom one night in the dorm when they had been drinking wine and lamenting how the men in their life were either pigs or lousy lovers or both.

Karen had commented that a man couldn't possibly know how to please a woman like another woman could. She then proceeded to prove her point to Stacy's mom, and when Karen was done, she believed her.

"I'll be right back," Karen said, "just keep watching him. Think about all of the things you'd like to do to him and vice-versa."

She didn't have to tell Stacy's mom twice. The idea of taking the young man's cock in her mouth like her daughter had done yesterday made her wet, and she slipped her hand down the front of her bikini bottom to play with her clit.

Karen emerged from the closet and saw her friend touching herself. There's something incredibly erotic about a woman with her hand in her panties pleasuring herself. 

She watched for a minute before coming up behind her friend and untying the string holding her bikini top in place. She slipped the strings off her shoulders, forcing her momentarily to abandon her masturbation to allow the top to fall to the floor. 

Karen kissed her friends back while she reached around to cup her large breasts, lifting them and pushing them together. 

She slid her hand down her flat stomach and into the bikini bottom to join in the masturbation. Their fingers jockeyed for position, complementing each other and bringing Stacy's mom closer to orgasm.

"I want you to think about him taking you from behind," Karen whispered in her ear. It was at that moment that she pressed her groin into Stacy's mom's ass, eliciting a gasp from the woman when she felt the unnatural bulge pressed against her buttocks.

In her foray into the closet, Karen had donned one of their toys, a 7-inch strap-on dildo, and she was pressing it into her friend's perfect ass.

Karen grasped the bikini in her fingers and tugged the material down. Stacy's mom stepped out of the bottoms, now completely naked in front of the large window and still watching as Wayne worked his way back and forth across the 2-acre yard.

Karen was on her knees behind her. Stacy's mom bent over at the waist, placing her hands against the glass and spread her legs wider to give her lover access.

Karen placed kisses on the woman's ass, extending her tongue and running over the curvy flesh. Then, she arched her neck and buried her tongue in the pussy before her. 

"You want him to fuck you, don't you?" she asked between licks.

"Yes," Stacy's mom replied. 

"Would you bend over like this for him?"

"Oh yes."

"What if he wanted to fuck you here?" she asked, suddenly stiffening her tongue and inserting it into her anus.

"Oh, God, Oh," she moaned. "No ... I mean ... maybe ... oh, yes ... if he wanted to."

Karen smiled as she returned to her pussy, licking up and down the slit adding her own saliva to the natural lubrication being created by her body.

"Umm, maybe we could do him together," she suggested. "I bet that would blow his mind."

Stacy's mom was only half listening now. She was too wrapped up in the fantasy of making love to Wayne and what Karen was doing to her pussy. 

Karen kissed her way back up her friend's body until she was standing behind the bent-over woman.

Karen took the dildo in her hands and slid it between the wet lips of her lover's pussy. Using her hips, she thrust it back and forth, coating it with lubrication before setting the large tip against her opening. 

Gently, she worked the silicone toy into her friend, who was thrusting her hips back to take it more deeply with each thrust.

"That's it, baby, fuck me. Fuck me, Wayne. Stick that big cock inside my wet pussy." Stacy's mom was totally into the fantasy now.

Karen picked up the pace, banging the dildo into her with a quickening pace. Her own groin was slapping the ass in front of her, and she looked down to watch the dildo penetrate the slippery hole. She withdrew so that only the tip was still inserted, and then she slammed it back in, drawing grunts from Stacy's mom, who had to brace herself against the glass to keep from falling over. 

"That's it, take it. Of course a tramp like you would want that hot young stud to pummel your pussy and your ass."

"Oh yes, that's it, Wayne. Make me take it. I'm yours. Fuck me, baby. Fill me with her hot cum."

Karen's hand came down with a loud slap on her ass, and Stacy's mom squealed in shock. "You like that too, don't you?"

But Stacy's mom was no longer responding. Her eyes were locked on the hard body of the teenager outside her window, and she totally believed it was him pounding her pussy into submission. 

Karen reached around to manipulate her friend's clit while continuing to drive into her. That proved to be the thing that pushed her over the top, and Stacy's mom, ground her ass back onto the dildo as her pussy contracted around it. She grabbed her own breast and squeezed it roughly, pulling at the nipple as her mouth hung open, gasping for air. 
