 Chapter 7

Wayne climbed the stairs to Stacy's room and knocked softly on the door.

"Who is it?" he heard her call out.

"It's me," he said quietly.

"Come in."

Wayne opened door. The room was bathed in candlelight.

Wayne gasped when he saw Stacy lying on the bed.

She was on her stomach and the bottoms of her bikini were pulled down so that her ass was bare before him.

"I'm ready for my punishment," she said, and Wayne could tell she wasn't just teasing him.

Closing and locking the door behind him, he stepped into the room and walked to the bed, sitting down beside her prone form.

He reached out and caressed her buttocks, and Stacy sighed. 

"I want you to spank me," she said with just a hint of trepidation.

"Are you sure?" he asked, his fingers tracing the crack of her ass, which was slightly parted because of the way her legs were spread.

"Yes," she said. She was propped up on her elbows looking back at him. He could see the lust and determination in her eyes.

She let her head drop between her arms. 

"Do it!" she said, not trusting herself to look at him now.

Wayne brought his hand up and lightly slapped her left butt cheek.

"NO!" she said, her head whipping around, and he saw the fire of frustration in her eyes. "I said I wanted you to spank me!"

This time, he brought his hand down hard, and the sound of the smack filled the room. He could see the red handprint begin to form on her buttocks.

"Harder!" she demanded.

His hand rained down, and this time, she felt the sting of the slap, and she gasped.

"Again!" And he complied.

"Ah, oh, yes! That's it. Harder! Aghh!"

Wayne's hand rested on her warm globes as he paused to catch his breath. His hand was sore, and her butt was cherry red. Stacy was mewing as she squirmed and thrust her pelvis against the bed trying to satisfy the sexual tension that had built in her body. 

"Fuck me! Fuck me now! I want you to take me like this ... from behind!"

Wayne was out of his swim trunks in record time. His cock was rock hard and glistening with the clear liquid of his pre-cum.

He yanked Stacy's bikini bottom off her body, and straddled her hips. His aching pole slapped down on her glowing buttocks, and he could feel how hot her skin was from the recent spanking.

He slid his cock up and down the crack of her ass. Spitting into his hand, he coated his shaft to make it wet, and tugged her cheeks apart so that his cock could slide up and down the valley of her backside. 

She still wasn't wet enough there to glide easily, so he slid down her body so that his face was in the perfect position. He let a string of spittle fall into her crack, right onto her rosebud. She jumped at the sensation.

Then, he did something he had never done before. He buried his face into her crack and began lapping at her backdoor, spreading saliva as he teased her sensitive little anus. 

"Oh, oh, God! Ah, oh that feels so good," Stacy admitted somewhat embarrassingly. "Keep doing that, Baby. Lick my ass," she moaned, burying her face into the covers.

Wayne hardened his tongue and thrust it gently into Stacy's virgin ass, and she squirmed at the amazing sensation that coursed through a part of her body that she had never imagined could be so erotic.

She felt Wayne withdraw, and she experienced a momentary feeling of disappointment, until she felt his cock glide back between her cheeks, now sliding easily through the wet passage. 

The large vein on the underside of this thick prick rubbed insistently against her asshole, and every time the head of his cock passed her rear opening, she felt it "knock" against her backdoor before continuing its slide to the top of her cleft.

Stacy had friends who let their boyfriends fuck their butts. Some said it was how they kept from getting pregnant, and others maintained that they were still virgins because they had only let their guys fuck their asses and not their pussies. 

Stacy wasn't so sure about that, and she wasn't sure she wanted to have Wayne's big dick back there, at least not yet. 

He continued to slide between her cheeks, and she moved her hips in rhythm with his thrusts, which brought his cockhead closer and closer to her vagina.

Finally, his penis slipped into her wet hole, and she moaned in gratitude as he slid it all the way in with one slow, steady thrust. 

"God, you're wet!" he exclaimed. 

"Uh huh," was all she could manage with her face buried in the covers and her arms stretched out in front of her. 

Wayne knew he wasn't going to last long. Spanking Stacy's sweet ass had excited him more than he imagined, and he'd almost cum just from sliding between her butt cheeks.

He kept his thrusts slow to make it last as long as possible, but Stacy was getting impatient. She lifted her hips to meet his thrusts, moving faster and forcing him to pick up the pace. 

"That's it!" she encouraged.

"You like it like this? You like me fucking you from behind?" Wayne asked, already knowing the answer.

"Yes!" Stacy gasped. She started to feel a familiar tingling, a feeling that up until now, she had only experience by her own hand or Wayne's tongue and fingers. 

"Come on, Baby! Do it! Slide it into me. You spanked my tight ass, now fuck my tight pussy!"

She put her hands on the bed like she was going to do pushups and used them to thrust herself back against him. The sweat from their exertions was making their bodies glisten in the candlelight. It felt incredibly sexy to be sliding against each other.

Wayne was ramming harder now, and Stacy was on the brink, pushing back against him and panting. She felt the muscles of her vagina contract, and she went rigid as her orgasm racked her body. 

Wayne felt the convulsion grip his cock, massaging it from the inside, and he let loose with a torrent of sperm deep inside her belly. He continued to ram into her, punctuating each contraction of his own orgasm by burying the head of his cock as far up inside her as she could take it.

He collapsed on her sweaty back, his chest sliding against her tanned skin. His penis was still way up inside her, and even though he had just cum, he was still partially erect. 

He moved her hair out of the way so that he could blow cool air across the nape of her neck, and that sent a shiver down her body that he felt all the way to his balls.

When they finally caught their breath, he lifted himself from her and allowed his cock to slide slowly from her slit, dripping her juices and his as he exited her ravaged hole. He could see his cum leak out of her opening and stain the sheets of her bed. Her gash was as red as her buttocks.

Stacy didn't move as he sat beside her on the bed and stroked her hair, pushing it behind her ears and off her face. He leaned down, and she felt his tongue graze her ear. His warm breath sent another shiver running through her. 

"I love you, Stacy," Wayne said simply, without any preamble, and with absolute sincerity in his voice. 

"I love you too, Wayne. I have for a long time, you know."

"I know," he said. "I've always known. I'm sorry it's taken me so long to say it."

"That's OK," she said. "I wanted to hear it only when you were ready to say it."

She rolled over partially onto her back, and laced her arms around his neck and pulled him to her lips. The kiss was delicate and beautiful, reflecting the love they had just professed to each other. 

Wayne pulled back and looked into her blue-green eyes. He didn't want the moment to end, but he knew they had better get back to the party. No doubt their friends had already surmised what they had been up to. 

"You go first," she said. "I'm going to clean myself up; otherwise, my bathing suit will be wet, and it won't be from the pool. I already started leaking once tonight from the load you deposited earlier," she said with a mischievous grin.

For some weird reason, the thought of his cum leaking out of his girlfriend strangely excited him, and his cock gave a little twitch and stood a little straighter. 

"Jeez," she exclaimed. "You horn dog! Get out of here. My pussy has had just about all it can take today. If you need any more relief, you're on your own."

Wayne grinned sheepishly, and said, "OK. I'll see you downstairs. He gave her one more kiss, slipped his trunks back on started toward the door.

"Have you had a good birthday, so far?" she asked before he turned the knob. 

"Are you kidding?" he said. "It's been unbelievable!"

"Good," she said. "I do have one more surprise for you, but you won't get that until later."

His eyes lit up. "What is it? I can't wait."

"You'll just have too. Now get back outside so I can get cleaned up." 

He closed the door behind him, headed downstairs, grabbing another beer before padding back outside. He hadn't made it two steps out of the door when his eyes made contact with Stacy's mom. He saw a slight enigmatic smile on her lips.

"There you are," she said, "I wondered where you had run off. What have you been up to?"

Was it his imagination or had she stressed the word "up" in that last sentence?

"Have you seen Stacy? She's neglecting her guests."

To Wayne's slightly guilty conscience, it sounded very much like Stacy's mom knew exactly what he had been UP to and why Stacy was neglecting her guests. 

"I, uh, was going to the bathroom, and I grabbed another beer," he said lamely. 

"Is your birthday turning out to be everything you hoped it would be?" she asked casually.

"Sure, it's been great," he answered, trying to sound nonchalant. "I really appreciate you throwing this party for me." 

"No problem," she replied. "We're glad to do it. You only turn 18 once, you know. Stacy and I want to make it special. Now go on and have fun with your friends."

Wayne started to turn when she called out to him again.

"Oh, and Wayne, I have a little something for your birthday, but I'll give it to you later."

"Wow! That's great. You didn't need to get me anything. This party is more than enough." 

"Oh, it's my pleasure," she said. "I hope you'll like it. I think you will."

"I'm sure I will. Thanks again." 

She watched as he took two long strides and launched himself into the air coming down in a cannonball that doused his friends in a tidal wave of water.

Chapter 8

The party broke up at about 1 a.m., but most of the teens failed the sobriety test, so they had to find a place to camp out in the large house, not that that was really a problem. As the guest of honor, Wayne had his own room. 

He was a little disappointed that he wouldn't be sleeping with Stacy, but that probably would have been going too far. 

He didn't really know how many beers he had had to drink, but it was quite a bit, and he was tired. After all, he'd fucked Stacy twice and then horsed around with his friends until late. 

Stacy was out of gas too. They moved to the stairs, stepping over friends who conked out on the floor. Pausing at the door to his room, she wrapped her arms around his waste, and she kissed him. She could taste the beer on his breath, and for some reason, it turned her on. 

"Come on, Baby," he said. "Sleep with me tonight. I want to wake up next to you."

"Wayne, you know we can't do that, but maybe after everyone is asleep, I can sneak into your room. I don't know what time it will be, so just go to sleep. If you're lucky, I'll wake you up with a blowjob," she teased.

Wayne didn't put up too much of a fight because frankly, he was too tired, so he kissed her again and Stacy moved toward her room.

Wayne stumbled into the guest room, stripping his clothes off as went, leaving a trail from the door of the bedroom to the door of the bathroom. He was completely naked by the time he entered the bathroom.

Standing in front of the toilet, he lifted the seat and, grasping his cock in his hand, aimed a heavy stream into the bowl, emptying his bladder of at least some of the beer he had downed tonight. The piss seemed to go on forever, and every time he thought he was almost done, he would start up again. He started to think that this might be a record, and he laughed to himself at the thought that maybe the Guinness Book of World Records might be interested in a new category.

Finally, he finished and flushed, washed his hands and was pleased to find a cellophane-wrapped toothbrush and toothpaste in a drawer by the sink.

"Wow! They even have new toothbrushes for the guests. That's unbelievable," he thought. He wasn't sure why he thought that was such a big deal, but right now, it was.

He brushed his teeth and went back into the bedroom. He had brought some clean clothes to wear, but he was too tired to even put on his underwear, and besides, he didn't want anything to stand in the way of a potential blowjob from Stacy later in the night, so he just collapsed in bed naked, crawling under the covers. He was out as soon as his head hit the pillow. 

Stacy's mom stopped by her daughter's room and knocked softly on the door.

"Honey, it's me. Can I come in?" she said.

"Sure, Mom, I'm just getting ready for bed."

Stacy was combing out her hair in front of her vanity, and her mom came up behind her and took the comb from her hands and began performing the task for her daughter.

"Do you think the party went well?" she asked as she combed out the tangles in the long blond hair.

"I think everyone had a blast!" Stacy replied. "It was epic."

"And was it what you thought it would be?" her mom asked.

Something in her tone made Stacy know that her mom was no longer asking about the party, but rather about losing her virginity.

"Yes, and more," she said. "I know I don't have much to compare it too, but he's an amazing lover, mom, and he loves me. He really does, and not just because of the sex."

She saw her mom smile in the mirror as she continued to comb her hair.

"Are you sure about this, honey? she asked, their eyes locked together in the mirror. "Is this what you truly want?"

"I do, mom. Trust me, it's going to be great. I'm not going to get hurt."

Stacy's mom leaned down and kissed her daughter on the cheek. "You are the most loving, caring, giving child any parent could ever want. I love you very much. You know that don't you?"

"Yes, mom, I know," Stacy said, rolling her eyes just a little. Her mom could get a little sentimental when she'd had a lot to drink, and Stacy was pretty sure she'd downed a bottle wine all by herself.

She kissed her daughter again and told her goodnight. She closed the door softly behind her, leaving Stacy staring at her reflection in the mirror. Stacy searched her feelings and took stock of her emotions. Yes. She had made the right decision. She was sure of it, but deep inside, she knew that things might look different in the light of a new day.

***

Wayne was sound asleep, and he never heard the door to his room open with a whisper. The silky clad figured paused only briefly in the doorway before entering the room and closing it behind her. 

She stood at the end of the bed and looked down on the sleeping boy — no, man — she corrected herself.

It was a warm evening, and he had thrown most of the covers off, baring his chest and left leg, which was wrapped around the sheet that covered his right leg and groin. The pale blue moonlight streaming in through the window afforded her a well-lit view of his chiseled body. He was fine, there was no doubt about it. He almost looked Photoshopped, she thought. 

He had one arm across his stomach and the other cocked above his head, his fingers loosely curled around the wrought-iron headboard like he was posing for a spread in a woman's erotic magazine.

She took a deep breath, trying to decide if she should go forward or simply retreat to her room. She wrestled internally with the question until finally, lust won out over logic.

She slipped the short, shear robe off her shoulders, and if fluttered silently to the ground. Underneath, she wore a silky white camisole with spaghetti straps and tap pants. Lace formed the "vee" between her ample breasts, and her heavy breathing was making them rise and fall. Her hard nipples were clearly visible.

As she gazed upon the young man before her, she grabbed her left breast with her right hand and squeezed it, allowing her fingers to pinch the hard nub extending at the tip. Her left hand moved up the inside of her thigh, up through the wide opening of the tap pants to the molten area between her legs. 

As she slid her finger through her moist lips, the boy stirred on the bed, and the sheet covering his groin shifted slightly, and she thought she could see his balls in the dark juncture of his legs. She removed the finger from her wet slit and brought to her mouth, sucking her own juices from her finger, which made her even wetter.

It wouldn't take much, she thought. A simple tug, and the sheet would be gone. He was obviously naked under the sheet. One tug ... just one little tug, and she would see it all.

She knew she would do it, but now she began to enjoy the building anticipation. How long could she resist? Would he wake up and see her standing there watching him, touching herself while she watched him?

Grasping her neglected right breast, she lifted it out of the top of her camisole to her extended tongue, using it to tease her nipple and areola. Her wet nipple glistened in the moonlight.

She decided that she had made herself wait long enough. Moving silently to the bed, she gently lifted the sheet and peered under it. 

"Oh my!" she thought. "Very nice."

Laying the sheet beside him, she climbed on the bed. Fortunately, it was on of those Tempurpedic beds — the ones where in the commercial the woman is jumping up and down on the bed, but the wine glass doesn't tip over. 

She gazed down on his soft cock, and studied it. Even soft, it was five inches long. She leaned in closer and breathed warm air across the underside. She inhaled and took in his musky scent and a hint of something else -- the scent of a woman.

She tried not to think about where that scent came from as she moved her mouth closer and allowed her tongue to flick across his frenulum, that little band of tissue on the underside of his cock, just below the head. 

Wayne didn't stir at the attention. He was seemingly dead to the world, so she continued her oral exploration of his manhood. 

Her licking was delicate and slow. She wanted to enjoy his body before he inevitably woke up. She planted kisses along the length of his shaft down to his meaty balls. She noted with delight that he kept that area shaved. She kissed his balls and allowed her tongue to nudge them gently within his sack. She would have liked to have taken them fully into her mouth, but his position just didn't grant her access.

She worked her way back up to the tip of his shaft, and lifting it softly in her fingers, she took the head in her mouth. She realized with astonishment that this was the first time she'd ever had a soft cock in her mouth. All the other ones had been hard.

She swirled her tongue around the head, not worried so much now about being surreptitious. Even though Wayne was still asleep, his body was reacting to the stimulus she was administering. She could feel him swelling in her mouth. She cupped his balls in one hand and moved the other to his abdomen. She allowed her fingers to glide over his six-pack abs and up to his nipple, which she lightly caressed.

He stirred slightly and unconsciously; he thrust with his hips, pushing his penis deeper into her mouth. She almost gagged, mostly because she wasn't prepared for it. She allowed him to slip out of her mouth, and let her tongue dance along the thick vein just below the head. She knew from experience that this was the most sensitive area of his cock. She'd once made her husband blow his load simply by flicking her tongue back and forth across that vein until he exploded. The best part was that her jaw wasn't even sore the next day like it usually was when she blew him.
