 Chapter 5

Tonight was the big night. Wayne had turned 18 a week earlier — officially a man — and Stacy and her mom had decided to throw him a pool party, inviting all of their friends. Stacy had thought long and hard about what to give him for his birthday. She had a pretty good idea, and she hoped her mom would go along with it.

"Mom, how come you didn't invite any of your friends to the party?"

"Well, Karen is out of town on business, and ... "

"I'm not talking about Karen, Mom. How come you didn't line up a date for tonight."

"Stacy, men haven't been real high on my list since your dad left us. I really can't see myself committing to some serious relationship just so I can be hurt again."

"Who said anything about serious," Stacy said. "I'm just talking about having some fun — you know, get laid," Stacy said with a smile.

"Stacy!" her mom said shocked. 

"Come on, Mom. We're both adults, and it's been two years since dad left. It's time for you to get back in the saddle and ride, so to speak."

"Alright. That's enough, young lady," her mom said, but Stacy could tell she wasn't really mad. "I'm not going to talk about my sex life — or lack thereof — with my own daughter. I know we're very close, but ..."

"Mom, I'm just worried about you. I want you to be happy, that's all. I was thinking that tonight ..."

Before she completed her sentence, the doorbell rang.

"That must be Wayne," she said, moving toward the door. "I'll talk to you later, mom. I've got an idea you might like." 

Stacy let Wayne in and led him into the kitchen.

"There's the birthday boy." Stacy's mom shouted, "Come here and give me a hug!"

She was wearing a pair of unbuttoned white short shorts as a cover-up for her navy blue bikini bottom, which was clearly visible through the open front of her shorts. On top, she wore a thin cotton shirt tied in a knot below her breasts, leaving her midriff bare. It was unbuttoned down to the knot, and he could see her large breasts encased in a skimpy red bikini top.

He felt his erection grow in his swim trunks as he awkwardly gave her a brief hug.

"I don't think so," she said in a displeased voice. "I want a real hug."

She wrapped her arms around him, and pressed against her body. He could smell the wine on her breath, and she could feel the bulge against her bare stomach. She held him just a little longer than what might seem appropriate, but he couldn't really complain. He just hoped she hadn't noticed his hard on.

The first thing she noticed was how hard he was. In fact he was hard all over. It was all she could do to keep from slipping her hand down the back of his shorts and cupping his tight hard ass, but that would have probably sent him running and screaming from the house, and ruin the party.

"I'm going to go finished getting ready," Stacy said. "Wayne, why don't you keep my mom company while I put on my makeup?" 

"Sure, sounds great," he said enthusiastically. "Is there anything I can do to help get ready for the party?"

"Well, why don't you carry those coolers onto the patio. They're full of ice and drinks, so they're heavy."

Wayne walked over, reached down, grabbed the handles and lifted the cooler effortlessly. The muscles in his arm were taught and clearly defined. 

If women could get hard, Stacy's mom would have had a stiffy. Instead, she just felt a wetness form between her legs. 

He carried out the coolers, and she followed him onto the patio with her glass of wine. She took a seat at the teak patio table, covered by a large green umbrella. 

"Why don't you grab a cold drink and join me while we wait for Stacy?" she suggested.

Wayne went over to a cooler and opened it, but all he saw was beer. He dug through the ice for a moment, gave up and tried one of the other coolers. All that one had was wine coolers and Mike's Hard Lemonade. The third cooler didn't have any drinks in it, just trays of Jell-O. "What the hell?" he thought.

"Um, I don't see any soft drinks," he said.

"Soft drinks? You can't drink soft drinks on your 18th birthday. Oh, I know the legal drinking age is 21, but that's a totally bogus law. What? You're old enough to vote, old enough to go to war, old enough to run for office, but you can't have a beer? That's bullshit! Besides, we've got plenty of room for everyone to sleep over if they have too much to drink. I've even bought a home breathylizer to test your friends before they try to leave. Here's the rule. If they want to drink, they have to hand over their keys. They don't get the keys back until their Breathylizer results are .02 or below. If that means they stay all night or I call them a cab, that's the way it's going to be."

Wayne was impressed with her planning. He grabbed a Fat Tire from the cooler, popped the top and sat down next to her.

"Were you happy to finally turn 18?" she asked.

"Definitely," he responded. "I'm tired of being treated like a kid. I'm all grown up, and it's time for everyone to see and recognize that."

"I understand how you feel, and I definitely see you as an adult." 

The way she said it made him blush slightly, and he sipped his beer while they looked out over the pool. His eyes lit on the "beach" area where a few days before Stacy had performed her first blow job on him. "Damn," he was getting hard again.

As if reading his mind, Stacy's mom said, "I have a confession to make. I saw you and Stacy when you were by the pool."

Silence filled the air, and Wayne felt his ears grow very red and hot. His heart was pounding in his chest.

"I didn't mean to watch, but I couldn't help myself," she said.

"Uh huh," was the only response he could muster.

"It looks like you and Stacy have become quite ... close."

"Uh huh," at least he could respond with two-syllable grunts. He took another sip of beer trying to lubricate his throat, which was suddenly bone dry.

"There's more," she said pausing as if unsure to continue. "While I was watching, I touched myself." 

He almost spit the beer out across the patio.

She continued quickly. "I admit it was weird watching my daughter be so ... intimate with a boy — correction, a man — but to be perfectly honest, I was more focused on you." 

Stacy's mom took a sip of her wine and waited to see how Wayne would respond.

Before he could, though, Stacy came bouncing through the open French doors.

"Hey Baby. What have you two been talking about?"

She wrapped her arms around him and kissed him longer than he was comfortable with, considering that her mom was sitting right there. 

"We were just having a little chat, weren't we Wayne?" her mom replied. "You can't keep him all to yourself, honey. You have to share."

Wayne's head snapped in her direction, and he caught the twinkle in her eye.

No, he hadn't misinterpreted the meaning behind her words.

"Well, I guess I can share him a little," Stacy said lightly, but only with you mom. The other girls coming tonight better keep their paws off of him. 

Wayne's head was swirling. "Were they both talking about the same thing? Stacy's mom was clearly telling him that she wanted him, but was Stacy giving her approval? Or, was he totally losing his mind?"

"What else do we need to do before the party, mom?" 

"Not a thing, honey. We're all set. People should start arriving in an hour or so. So, you two can hang out, go swimming or do whatever you want. I'm just going to relax out here on the patio until the mayhem begins."

"Well, I think I'll give Wayne his birthday present before everyone arrives," Stacy said. "Come on, Wayne, it's up in my room."

The pair headed upstairs as Stacy's mom watched them go.

Wayne entered the room, and as Stacy came in behind him, she closed the door.

Hearing the door close, Wayne turned to see Stacy topless, having pulled her tank top over her head. He could see that her nipples were hard.

"I think I've picked out the perfect birthday present for you," she said, with a hint of a smile on her face.

While he watched, she unbuttoned her short shorts and unzipped them. She pushed them off of her hips, and they dropped to the floor. She stood there wearing only a thong. She turned around so that her back was to him, and pushed the lacy panties over her hips and down her thighs where they joined the shorts on the floor at her feet. She turned to face him completely naked.

"Wayne, I know you've wanted to go all the way for a long time now. I wanted our first time — my first time — to be special. Today we're celebrating your birthday, and the thing that I most want to give you is myself. I want you to make love to me."

Wayne had never heard a sweeter sound than the words coming from her lips. He moved forward and took her in his arms and kissed her. She felt the cotton of his clothes rubbing against her breasts, and it felt so erotic being completely naked while he was fully clothed.

Her hands grasped at his cock through his shorts while she fumbled with the button and zipper to remove them. Finally vanquishing the exasperating fasteners, she pushed his shorts down, leaving him in his boxer briefs that molded to his body and accentuated his package. She cupped her hand over his bulge, squeezing it, all the while continuing to kiss him.

She ran her hand up his abdomen, pushing his Polo shirt up so that she could come into contact with his bare skin. Sliding her hand down his belly, she slipped her fingers into the waistband of his briefs, grasping his shaft, which was hard and hot in her small hand. 

He moaned into her mouth, and she could fill the fluid leaking from the tip of his penis. She dropped to her knees and tugged at his underwear to strip them off him, and his hard cock dropped like a drawbridge in front of her face. She wasted no time engulfing him in her mouth.

Again he groaned, this time at the exquisite feel of her hot mouth sliding up and down his shaft. He dropped his hands into her hair and tugged her forward as he thrust with his hips to push himself more deeply into her mouth and throat. She gagged slightly and then swallowed and was amazed to realize that the head of his penis had slipped down her throat and that her nose was buried in his pubic hair.

"Oh, my God," he cried, realizing that she was deep-throating him. 

She backed off his cock and took a deep breath, and then she lunged forward again, swallowing as his penis hit the back of her throat. It went down even easier the second time. She held him there for a few seconds before backing off again, letting him slip all the way out of her mouth, leaving a trail of saliva that stretched from her lips to his penis. 

She couldn't help but take pride in her accomplishment. "Do you like that, Baby?" she cooed. "Do you like fucking my throat?"

She plunged back down on his cock before he could even answer and swallowed him again. His pubic hair ticked her nose, and she held it for even longer, marveling at the feel of his cockhead all the way down her esophagus.

He pull back, both of them gasping for breath.

"Stop!" he said. "If you keep doing that, I'm going to cum for sure, and I want to fuck you."

Ripping the shirt over his head, he then pulled her to her feet and guided/pushed her to the bed. She fell backward, her legs splayed as she looked up at him. 

She scooched up the bed, and he fell between her thighs. His face immediately went to the juncture of her thighs, and he began kissing her slit, allowing his tongue to part the moistening lips. 

He held her thighs open wide so that she was completely spread before him. She closed her eyes and let the sensation of the oral sex wash over her. 

"Oh yeah, Baby, get me nice and wet so I can take your big cock. Do you want to be the first? Do you want to fuck my virgin pussy? I've wanted you to take me for so long, but I made myself wait for the right moment. Do it, Baby! Fuck me now!"

Wayne slid up her body and was about to enter her when he realized that he didn't have any protection. Stacy saw the concern in his eyes.

"Don't worry, Baby. I'm on the pill. My mom wanted me to start taking it last year when we began dating."

A big smile came over Wayne's face as he relaxed, and Stacy felt his big cock sliding up and down her slit, coating it with her juices. 

Although Wayne was trying to be patient and gentle, he was too excited to move slowly. He pressed the big head of his cock into Stacy's tight opening. She sucked in her breath as he pushed gently. She had taken two of his fingers inside her before, but his cock was thicker, and she was suddenly concerned that he might be too big.

Thrusting gently with his hips, his cockhead slid a little deeper with each thrust.

Stacy gritted through the minor pain, trying not to spoil it for him. She felt herself being forcefully opened up with each short thrust, and then the head was in, and they both let out a deep breath.

Wayne leaned down to kiss her, keeping his hips steady for the time being. He captured the nipple of her right breast in his mouth and flicked his tongue across the hardened bud. Pulling his lips away, he blew on the saliva-covered flesh.

The sensation made her nipple ache from the cool air hitting it, and she didn't noticed as he thrust a little deeper into her until he started his withdrawal. 

He slid all the way out of her, and she felt totally open to him. He pushed forward with his hips and slid his cock back into her, this time pushing almost all the way inside her. Again, her breath caught in her throat. She couldn't believe how deep he was. 

"Slow, Baby, let me adjust," she said.

Wayne paused and let her get accustomed to the thick invader that was stretching her tight virgin hole to the max. 

"Pull out slowly," she said, "now, back in. That's it"

As he thrust forward, she raised her hips to meet his, and this time, he fully entered her. She felt his heavy balls nestled against her anus, and she held him there feeling fuller than she had ever felt before. 

He withdrew almost all the way and slid back into her. 

"Oh! God! That feels so good," he said. 

"Yes," she agreed breathlessly.

Again, he pulled almost all the way out before plunging back in, this time a little more forcefully.

"Unggh!" Stacy grunted. There was still a slight bit of discomfort, but it was starting to feel better and better.

"That's it, Baby, fuck me. Fuck your birthday present. Give it to me like I know you've wanted to."

Wayne started thrusting fast and deep, driving into Stacy so that his cock was buried way up her belly and his balls were slapping her ass.

She wrapped her legs around him and locked her ankles together so that she could pull her own pelvis to his. This opened her up even more.

"Come on, Baby, shoot your hot load into my virgin pussy. I want your hot cum filling my hole just like you filled my mouth the other night. Did you like that, Baby? Did you like it when I let you fuck my mouth and cum in it? Did you like it when I swallowed it all?"

"Oh yeah" Wayne grunted in reply. He loved the way Stacy was talking dirty to him. "I love fucking your mouth almost as much as I love fucking your tight pussy, but when I get done with you, it's not going to be that tight anymore."

A shiver ran through Stacy as she continued to take him deep. She reached around to grab his ass and pull him into her again and again. Her hands grasped his cheeks, spreading them, and he felt the cool air kiss his anus. 

"Come on, Wayne. Cum for me, Baby. Fill me up. I want to feel your cum running out of my pussy and down my ass."

That was all it took, and Wayne buried himself in her cunt balls deep and erupted. His sperm leapt from the tip of his penis, flooding her insides, and the additional lubrication immediately made his thrusting easier. He could feel his cum sloshing along the shaft of his cock. As he withdrew, his juice spilled out of her hole, sliding down the crack of her ass and coating his balls as he slammed back into her. 

It seemed like his contractions would never end, but eventually, his balls were empty, and Stacy's pussy contained most of the contents.

His shriveling cock slowly extricated itself from her hole, and he collapsed on top of her breathing heavily as he tried to recover. Stacy held him in her arms, relishing how close she felt to him. 

"Happy birthday, Baby," she whispered. "I hope you liked your present."

Chapter 6 Wayne and Stacy cleaned themselves up and made themselves presentable. They had just arrived downstairs when the doorbell rang, and the first of their guests arrived.

Soon, the party was in full force. Ke$ha was claiming that the place was about to blow, and from the way some of the girls at the party were hanging on their dates, Stacy was sure it wasn't only the place that was about to blow.

She had already come upon two couples in secluded areas. One couple was kissing passionately while the guy had his hand down his girlfriend's bikini bottom fingering her. Stacy could tell by the way she was thrusting against his hand that his finger or fingers were buried deep in her snatch. She couldn't help but watch for a few minutes, and she found herself getting even wetter, if that were possible given the state of her cum-filled pussy.

The other couple was actually two team members from the cheerleading squad. She had no idea that they were lesbians, but from the way one was kissing and sucking on her lover's breasts, it seemed like a safe bet that they were at least bi. Briefly, Stacy wondered what it might be like to have another girl kiss her. Her best friend Katie had tried to get her to experiment awhile back, but Stacy had chickened out. She vowed that if the opportunity presented itself again, she wouldn't let it slip by. She was pretty sure her mom and her best friend, Karen, had more than just a platonic relationship. 

For one thing, Stacy had stumbled upon her mom's box of toys one day when she was looking for a pair of high heels to borrow. When she came across the strap-on harness, she couldn't help but wonder whom she used it on or who used it on her. Then, one day, Stacy heard moaning coming from her mom's room when Karen was over, and she had the answer to her questions.

Stacy downed her third Mike's Hard Lemonade as she danced around the pool chatting with friends. She could see Wayne in the pool hanging out with his buddies. They were hammering the beers pretty hard, and she could hear their loud, raucous laughter all the way across the large pool.

She toyed with the idea of pulling him into a secluded alcove of the pool and relieving a little of the sexual tension that had developed from watching her friends make out, but she decided to let him recover a little longer — not that he really needed time to recover.

Her mom was sitting at a table by the pool, looking fantastic in her bikini. Stacy hoped she looked that good when she was her mom's age. In fact, Stacy was just a tad jealous of her mom's body. She could see the effect it had on the guys at the party, including Wayne, who every so often would steal a glance over at her mom lounging by the pool.

Stacy thought back to the off-handed comment he had made about being attracted to older women. She pondered that thought for a moment.

Even as those thoughts ran through her head, Wayne glanced over again at her mom, and this time, Stacy saw her mom give him a little smile. She had been watching him too.

Stacy dove into the pool and glided underwater silently until she reached the other end, coming up behind Wayne and sliding her body up his legs and back as she emerged from the water.

Her hands encircled this muscular chest, and she planted a sensuous kiss on his neck while pressing her breasts into his back. Her actions drew a hoot of delight from Wayne's friends. 

Stacy slid her hand down Wayne's ripped abs and into the water, where she quickly gave his cock a squeeze through his swimsuit. He jumped in surprise, but not before she discovered that her affection had had a pronounced effect on his member.
