 Fifteen minutes later, Stan pulled into the parking space next to Karen. As he turned off the car, Allison tried to adjust her dress and come down from an amazing sexual high. 

In her heart of heart, she knew that she had become somewhat prudish over the past few years. In fact, sex had become almost unappealing. It wasn’t that she didn’t like sex with Randi. In fact, he was an excellent lover. It just had become something she unconsciously avoided.

Tonight, however, she was being anything but prudish, probably because she was drunk, horny and letting someone else make the decisions. After throwing her panties out the window, Stan began playing with her but soon had to return to driving. He then told Allison to start playing with herself.

Always self conscious about masturbating, Allison began playing with her legs close together. Stan had taken his hand of the wheel long enough to pull her legs apart telling her he wanted to see what she was doing. She let him spread her legs and began furiously playing with herself, surprised at how turned on she was.

Now, as Stan turned off the car, she wondered what was going to happen. Obviously, she could call it a night. Stan was obviously not going to try to force himself on her. Her decision seemed to be made for her as she got out and looked into Karen’s car. Inside, she could see Karen and Jim making out. Jim’s hand was between her legs and the memory of Stan’s hand flooded back to her. She found herself aroused by both the memory and watching another couple going at it.

“Do you like watching, Allison,” Stan said, startling her as he moved in behind her. His hands moved quickly and he began playing with her again.

“I don’t know,” Allison said.

“Are you always this dishonest with yourself,” Stan asked.

“What do you mean,” she replied a little harshly.

“You are in a very excited state watching my friend play with your friend’s pussy,” Stan said. “Yet, you SAY you are unsure whether you like watching. Obviously, you are lying about your feelings. The only question is whether you are unaware of your desires and interests or ashamed of them.”

Allison was uncomfortable with Stan’s answer, mostly because it rang true. Excited and drunk, it was hard to keep all those defenses in place that helped her keep her sexual life “normal.” No weird things. No giving in to emotions. Keeping everything in balance and in perspective. How many times had she rebuffed Randi’s advances or told him “those” types of things didn’t interest her?

“Are you still interested in being with a man who does whatever he wants with you,” Stan asked, interrupting her thoughts.

“Excuse me.”

“Still interested in being a slut for an evening or have you turned into a pumpkin and want me to drive you home,” Stan replied.

“I don’t want to go.”

“Are you sure?”

“Yes.”

Stan smiled, although she couldn’t see his face. His hand retreated from between her legs and he slowly moved between Allison and Karen’s car. Inside, Jim was frantically working Karen’s pussy and her moans could be heard even through the closed window. Stan knocked on the window and Karen looked up to see Stan. She didn’t seem startled or ashamed to see him. Rather, the look was similar to a slow realization of one’s surroundings when one wakes up after a thoroughly enjoyable nap.

“Have you ever watched a person have oral sex, Allison,” Stan asked as the driver’s window of Karen’s car slowly rolled down.

“What do you mean?”

“Have you ever watched someone have oral sex?

“You mean in real life?”

“I’ll take that as a no,” Stan said. Jim was still feverishly playing with Karen who was once again moaning with pleasure. Then, a very confused Allison watched as Stan slowly unzipped his pants. “In all the world, I don’t think there is anything so arousing as having someone watch me have sex.”

Allison watched in complete silence as Stan slowly completed undoing his pants inches away from the open car window. As his pants dropped to the ground, Allison found it strange that her only thought was that Stan really hadn’t been wearing any underwear. Other than that, her reaction was completely emotional or rather sexual. She almost willed Karen to open her mouth and suck Stan’s cock. She wanted to watch, almost needed to watch now that she had gotten to this point.

Slowly, Stan began playing with Karen’s hair. Allison wondered what Karen would do. Slowly, her head tilted until she was inches away from his cock. Then, slowly, Stan slid his cock between her lips. 

“Use your teeth,” Stan said to Karen. “Most guys hate it but I love it when women use their teeth.”

Allison blushed at the absolute honesty in Stan and her attraction to him, this situation and her obvious sexual desire. 

“I bet you were hoping Karen would suck my cock,” Stan said, looking directly at her. She knew her eyes betrayed her even without admitting that she had. “Don’t you think it is interesting that you weren’t praying that I made you suck my cock? That instead you wanted to have me do this to someone else so you could watch?”

She was troubled confronting Stan’s observation.

“I bet your husband would love to put his cock in Karen’s mouth,” Stan said. “Have you ever wished you could watch him with another woman?”

Karen shook her head honestly. The thought had never turned her on.

“How about you? Have you fantasized about him watching you be with another man?”

Again, she shook her head.

“Have you ever wanted to be with another man since you have been married?”

This time, she nodded.

“Ever pursued that fantasy?”

Again, she nodded.

“How about your husband? Do you think he has ever been with someone else since you got married?”

Allison shook her head, knowing that Randi had never done that and wasn’t capable of concealing it if he had.

“Does your husband like sex?”

Allison nodded her head.

“Do you have sex with him often?” 

She shook her head.

“Is he happy about that?” 

Again, she shook her head.

“Is he a good lover?”

She nodded her head.

“Has he ever refused to do anything you asked him to do sexually?”

She shook her head.

“So, you are a horny woman who has a husband at home willing and ready to fulfill any sexual desire you care to admit and yet you are here in this parking lot watching a man you are hoping will fuck you this evening with his cock in your best friend’s mouth,” Stan concluded. “Do you think that’s why you wanted me to be in charge tonight? Because you don’t seem to be in touch with yourself?”

Allison was speechless. There was absolutely nothing to refute about his statement. How could she have let things get like this? How could she hide what she wanted and deny her husband and herself sexual pleasure?

“Come here, Allison,” Stan said. She moved to him.

“I think you owe your husband a very special present, don’t you?”

She nodded her head.

“Tonight, though, I think we should have some fun.,” Stan said. “I need to come now. I want you to get on your knees so I can come on your face.”

“I don’t like when people come on my face,” Allison said a little croakily, realizing she hadn’t spoken in a long time.

“I didn’t ask what you thought you liked or didn’t like,” Stan said. “I told you that I wanted you to get on your knees so I could come on your face. Whether you do or not is up to you.”

After a few moments, Allison dropped to her knees. She almost didn’t notice how uncomfortable the asphalt was on her bare knees.