 Molly and I had just spent the long weekend with her family at their home in Vermont and were seated with our bags in the airport waiting area. Given that I worked in Washington and Molly in New York, it would be another week or two until we would see each other again. We had been dating for a little over six months and were looking forward to the day when we no longer would have to suffer the planes, trains, and buses incumbent in a long-distance relationship, but that was still a few months away. 

The weekend had been good to Molly and it showed. Her cheeks were rosy and freckled and her light brown hair streaked with blonde from all our time in the sun hiking, playing tennis, and swimming in the lake. Even with all of the outdoor activity, however, we were still wound up from the weekend. When I say we were with her family for the weekend, I mean the WHOLE weekend. Despite our best efforts, we had never been able to steal away for a clandestine carnal rendezvous -- quickie or otherwise. Both of us were feeling the effects and anticipating the frustration and phone sex of yet another week apart. 

Anxious, Molly jumped up from her seat next to me and strode over to the to the magazine racks in the newsstand. I couldn't take my eyes off of her as she scanned the magazine covers. My eyes followed her well-defined runner's legs as they disappeared under her short, brightly colored sundress to what I knew to be her shapely, firm butt. I cursed myself for imagining a specific pair of cotton underwear she might be wearing, making the picture in my mind's eye that much more complete...and frustrating. And her breasts... I hadn’t seen them all weekend except clad in her conservative, but sexy dark blue one-piece bathing suit. And it was worse than that. I was tortured by the knowledge that her large, spectacularly firm breasts with their incredibly sensitive nickel-sized areolae and petite, pert nipples were but one layer of brightly colored fabric away.

Suddenly, I realized that the influences of my daydreams were spreading throughout my body and that I had better be careful or I was going to embarrass myself. As a 'boxers, not briefs' kind of guy, I had nothing holding me back, and the tip of my eight inch cock was working its way toward daylight at the hem of my khaki shorts as I stiffened envisioning Molly's tempting body. Looking up from a magazine she was reading, Molly smirked knowing all too well the effect that she was having on me. I carefully shifted myself in my chair as I noticed Molly hurrying back toward me.

Sitting down next to me, Molly put one arm around me resting her hand on my neck and the other on my thigh, her breasts pressing up against my arm. Then, she whispered in my ear so as not to be heard by those seated near us, "Alex honey, we still have two hours our flights leave."

"Yep, do you want to get something to eat or go somewhere?"

"Actually, both. Seeing you sit there undressing me with your eyes, all I want to do is suck on you," she whispered in my ear.

"What?!" I said, turning my head to look her straight in the eye. My mind might not have heard her, but my cock sure did. It twitched and I could feel the telltale sensation of a very large drop of precum oozing from the slit and dripping down the underside of the head. 

"You heard me. I think we should go find a place where we can mess around. I want to suck on you so badly I can practically taste it." 

God bless her for her fantasies, but I was a little dubious. "I'm all in favor, but where do you think we're going to find a place to do that?" I asked. 

"I don't know. Maybe we won't, but maybe we will... Grab your stuff and follow me. It will be an adventure either way!"

I wasn't going to argue. Before I could throw my bag over my shoulder and adjust the strap so the bag was long enough to cover my erection, she was gone from the waiting area and down the hall. This was a woman on a mission.

I caught up with her as she was exiting the security area. Given that the terminal was still rather crowded, we decided to head outside to see if that provided any options. It was mid-summer, so at 5:30 darkness was still another 3-4 hours away. Without a word, Molly headed off in the direction of the parking ramp. I remembered that the top level of this particular parking ramp was never busy on the weekends, so there was hope.

Our hearts racing with excitement, we looked around when we got up to the top floor. We were so consumed with lust by this time that our judgment was a bit impaired. We saw a pickup parked by itself and thought about hopping in the back for a quick fuck, but it was dirty and there was no cushioning.  We checked what surely must have been a maintenance room, but that was locked. Impatient, we were about to settle for heavy petting against the cement railing. We figured we would just look like people bidding each other a passionate goodbye, and we certainly would have gotten each other off, but Molly was insistent on sucking my cock. Once again, I wasn't going to argue.

As we rounded the corner coming from the maintenance room, I noticed the door to the elevator bank -- the elevators we had used to reach the roof. Looking inside, I noticed another door, this one to a stairway. Entering the door to the bank of elevators, I tried the door to the stairway. It opened. We ducked inside and looked around. There were very few cars on the roof deck anyway, and even if someone were arriving or leaving, they certainly would take the elevator and not the stairs, right?

Before I had time to drop my bag, Molly pulled my head to hers and kissed me passionately, our tongues dancing and twisting around each other. As she sucked on my tongue and flicked it with hers, I felt her hands tugging at my belt. Despite our vulnerable position, she was not going to be satisfied unless my shorts and boxers were around my ankles and she had unlimited access to every inch of my cock. 

When Molly had my belt undone and my shorts unzipped, she knelt in front of me, grabbed the hem of my shorts and yanked them down to my ankles, freeing my stiff cock to spring right up in front of her face. She looked up at me with the delight of a child on Christmas morning in her eyes. Reaching around and grabbing my ass with both hands, she gazed hungrily at my cock, opened her mouth as wide as she could to accommodate my six-inch girth, and took as much of me as she could in her first attempt. She tightened her lips and pulled her head back, her wet lips following the contours of my cock to its tip. Looking up at me again, she wrapped her hand around my cock, her thumb and forefinger closing tightly around the head, and squeezed a large drop of precum out of the reddish-purple head of my cock onto her tongue.  Molly licked her lips, coating them with my precum and slowly went down on me again, working hard to take another inch of my cock in her mouth. Molly has always wanted to be able to deep throat my cock, and she was just crazy enough with passion to try to take it all this time. 

"Oh Molly, God does you mouth feel good on my cock," I said, enflaming her passion and hunger for my cock that much more.

As much as I thought she was toying with me, I realized she had a plan. She was trying to get my cock as sloppy and wet as possible so she could do a duet with her hand and mouth. After her latest and admirable attempt to deep throat my cock, she slowly slid her lips off my cock and spit on the head, spreading it around with her mouth and hand. As she drew back and spit on the head of my cock again, she reached back and slipped her thumbs underneath the straps of her sundress and pulled down the top of her dress, exposing her beautiful tits, their nipples hard as little pebbles. Looking up at me with a dirty little grin on her face, she squeezed her nipples and without missing a beat, slid her lips down my cock again, burying the head of my cock in her throat, saliva dripping down my balls. 

Looking down at Molly, her nipples pointing up at me as she slid her mouth up and down my cock, her teeth grazing the head of my cock, I don't think I could have gotten any harder or longer, which made it more difficult for her in her attempts to take all my cock down her throat. But she tried anyway. Grabbing my ass again with both hands, Molly buried my cock in her throat and held it there attempting to push it further down her throat. 

"Yeah baby, suck my cock. I'm soooo fucking hard! Suck it baby..."

Molly coughed and gagged as she continually tried to deep throat my cock, all the while tickling my balls with her tongue. As she coughed, she spit up more saliva on to my cock. Looking up in frustration, she grabbed my sloppy cock with her hand and started to pump furiously with her hand and her mouth. 

"You look so hot. I love it when you suck my cock. Fuck you're good. If you think you're getting out of here without an orgasm of your own after this, you are SOOOOOOO wrong!"

Molly continued to concentrate all her energies on making me cum, and I couldn't believe I'd held off so long. I had stopped listening for travelers long ago and was mesmerized by the sound of her slurping as she sucked and stroked my cock. I couldn't tell the difference anymore between her mouth and her hand. It was one seamless sensation pushing me closer and closer to orgasm.

As she slurped and stroked up and down on my cock, she reached under my cock with her other hand and scraped her fingernails between my balls and my asshole. That was it. It was only a matter of moments now. As she withdrew her hand from between my legs, I squeezed them together and pumped all the blood that I could into my cock. She looked up, somewhat surprised, feeling my cock stretch her lips just that much more. Her mouth still sliding up and down my cock, Molly arched her back, cupped both of her breasts and pinched her nipples again, knowing that would push me over the edge. With that vision, I couldn't hold back any longer. 

"Don't stop....oh God you look so fucking hot...you know how sexy you look pinching your nipples don't you?...oh God...don't stop...just a little more...oh baby...I'm going to come so hard...

“I'm gonna cummmmm...Oh Molly, get ready baby...Uggggghhhhh....OOOOOOHHH God….mmmmmmm…..FUCK!” 

As I fell backward against the wall, Molly leaned forward into me, burying my cock in her throat. I could feel the muscles in her throat tug at the head of my cock as she swallowed stream after stream of my cum and then milk my cock, hungry for more. 

Finally, Molly relinquished her lip lock on my cock, letting it go with a "pop." 

Standing up, she brushed off her knees and then pulled the straps of her dress up over her shoulders, licking her lips as she did so. 

“That was amazing baby…wow…thank you…”

Looking like the cat who swallowed the canary, proud of her accomplishment, I caught her a bit off balance when I wrapped my arm around her waist and kissed her passionately, driving my hungry tongue between her lips. 

"We can't," she whimpered, pushing me away, "we have to go! We're going to get caught."

"Not a chance, not after THAT blowjob. You deserve a little something in return. Actually, you deserve a BIG something, but we don't have time for that." 

As I kissed her again, tasting my own cum on her lips and tongue, I pushed her back against the railing and pulled down the straps of her dress, nearly tearing it in the process. I have a nipple fetish and staring me in the face were my two favorite nipples in the world. Beet red, my favorite little pebbles were in dire need of attention and that's just what they were going to get. 

Molly was so overwrought by this point in time that I knew it wasn't going to take long for her to reach an orgasm...or three. Gently I ran my thick tongue slowly around each nipple, pausing before flicking the tip of each. I drew back to see her flushed face staring back at me, a look somewhere between surprise and utter bliss.

I kissed her passionately one more time and then turned my attention to her breasts once again. I sucked one nipple between my lips and then the other, then gently nibbled her right nipple with my teeth, tightening my grip on her bud before releasing it and moving to the other. As I tugged at her left nipple with my teeth, I felt her shudder slightly and she let out a moan, a mini-orgasm from my attention to her nipples. 

As I continued to lick, suck, and tug at her nipples, I slowly dragged my fingers up the insides of her thighs. Knowing how long it had been and how aroused she had become, I wasn't surprised to find her panties soaked with the juices from her tight little pussy. This sweet woman who had given me the most exciting blowjob of my life needed some relief. 

"Please baby," she whimpered breathlessly. "I need to cum so badly. Please touch me. I want to feel you touch my pussy." 

With that I pulled up the hem of her dress and slipped my hand down the front of her panties, feeling the soft cotton against the back of my hand and the sticky, sweet juices of her pussy coat my fingers. Careful to avoid her tiny, but sensitive clitoris, I followed the contours of her lips with my middle finger until it slipped deep inside her. 

"God that feels so good to have your finger inside me baby," she said.

I dragged my palm up over her mound, slowly withdrawing my finger from her pussy and sliding the length of it over her clit. She sucked in a quick breath of air as I began to turn circles around her clit with my finger, slowly at first, then increasing the speed to match her shallow, rapid breathing.

"Oh Alex, I'm so close. Don't stop...Please don't stop...you're going to make me cum baby." With that, I took her right nipple between my teeth and tugged as I turned circle after circle around her clit with my fingers, alternately strumming two fingers across her clit. 

"Oh God, baby, I'm cuuuuummming…..mmmmmm….oh my God!" Molly's knees began to give way as I supported her with my left arm, her whole body quaking in orgasm. Almost passing out from the release, her head rolled toward me as her body went limp. I continued to focus on her clit as I held her, my index and middle fingers down both sides of her clit...back and forth...until she pushed my hand away. "Alex...I can't take any more. Stop for a minute and let me catch my breath."

With that I turned her around. "Here baby. Lean up against this railing while you catch your breath." She grabbed on to the railing with both hands and seemed to rest all her weight on her arms. Bent at the waist, head bowed, looking into the stairwell, her breasts hung heavily, nipples still erect from the cool air in the stairwell. 

I was still semi-hard from the fucking incredible blowjob and this vision was more than I could resist. My heart beat faster and faster from the excitement of being there with her and seeing her post-orgasmic bliss. My cock twitched and hardened with every beat of my heart sending more blood to the tissue. 

Moving up behind her, I reached around and cupped her left breast with my right hand, pulling the fabric of her dress up over it, and then did the same with her right breast. Then pulling the spaghetti straps up over her shoulders I said, "just in case." 

"Just in case what?" she said. Responding, I pushed the swollen head of my cock up against her dripping pussy and said, "in case someone walks in on us while I'm fucking you." 

"No! We can't. We have to go!"   

With that I slowly slid the rest of my cock deep inside her pussy, then pulled it almost all the way out again. "You sure about that baby...?" I asked as I settled into a steady rhythm of long, probing strokes of her pussy. 

"Mmmmm....fuck baby...no I'm not sure... God you feel good in my pussy...don't fucking stop...I've been dying for you to fill me up with that thick cock all weekend."

Molly-5

As I quickened the pace of my strokes into her tight pussy, Molly bent her arms and lowered her chest to the railing, accentuating the curve of her ass as it sloped down to the small of her back. Unable to contain my lust, I drew back my hand and gave her a good solid "SMACK" on her ass. 

"Mmmmmm....that's it baby...fuck me!" I don't think either of us cared at this point if a group of nuns walked in the stairwell... 

Shifting my stance, I began sliding my cock at an angle, toward the front wall of her pussy, beginning to tap her g-spot with each stroke of my cock. I felt her twitch with the first contact. I could see her reach back between her legs with her right hand to start stroking her clit to heighten the sensation.

"Fuck Alex...that feels soooo fucking good...don't stop...I'm gonna cum again soon...I'm gonna cum all over that wonderful cock of yours."

With that encouragement I started fucking Molly with new intensity at every stroke. "C'mon baby...cum for me...cum all over my cock...let me feel your orgasm..."

"Don't stop Alex...don't stop...don't stop..." she whispered insistently in a raspy voice as she pushed up against me...my balls slapping against her hand as she rubbed her clit. 

Then it hit her...with one last stroke across her g-spot...and another few urgent circles of her clit, she came.

"Mmmmmmmm.....cuuummmming baby.... mmmmmmmm.... cuuuuuuu..... mmmmmiiiinng.....f uck... oh God...oh God... mmmmmmm....."

On the verge myself, I continued to slide my cock in and out of her dripping, convulsing pussy, white foam building up around the base of my cock. 

"That's it Molly...mmmm....so fucking sexy..." As she recovered, I quickened my pace again...still feeling her muscles tighten intermittently around my cock as I stroked in and out of her pussy faster and faster. Sensing I was close, Molly squeezed her muscles tight around my cock, milking me with her pussy. Between the excitement of fucking my girl in the stairway, watching her ass push back eagerly to take more of my cock, and feeling her muscles, that was all I could take.

"Oh fuck Molly...oh my God...that's amazing...fuck....I'm gonna cum Molly...Molly....oh God...." 

With that Molly slid off my cock and knelt down in front of me. She wasn't quick enough as the first stream of cum shot across her lips and up her cheek. Her lips were on my cock before she could lose any more though, and she took the rest of my load in her mouth with a very satisfied "mmmmmmmm..."

She kept her mouth on my cock, sucking every last bit of cum out of me, and used her fingers to collect what had landed on her face, cleaning them off after she released my cock. 

Knowing we had pushed our luck about as far as we could, we quickly collected ourselves and headed for the door. As we did, something caught the corner of my eye. A security camera mounted on the wall that had been pointed down at my back the whole time. I quickly pushed Molly out the door...and hoped that our little escapade wouldn't end up on the Internet.