 I glanced at my watch and ran a hand through my hair. Crap fucking line, I thought, what the hell was that woman doing up there?

"Come on, come on," I heard a soft voice say. I glanced behind me and saw an attractive blonde dressed in a sleek black power suit. Her hair was up in one of those complicated knot buns that I had no idea how they made stay but were fun as hell to undo. She wore glasses, perched on a perfect nose, but they did nothing to hide the dazzle of her blue eyes. I quickly looked back to the front so she wouldn't catch me staring and just in time, the line moved up and it was smooth sailing from then on.

I checked out and checked off another one of my errands that I had to do instead of eating. My last run, which as soon as I could complete would leave me a fast and furious fifteen minutes to eat my food, was to the drug store. I managed to get what I needed, mouthwash and a couple of packs of gum, and was once again stuck in line. I eyed the racks of chips and wondered how filling they'd be when I caught a flash of honey blonde and the glint of glass. It was the blonde again, right behind me.

"I've never been stalked before," I said before my brain processed the entire thought and mapped out any consequences, like being slapped or publicly humiliated.

Instead, the blonde gave me one of those dazzling smiles that you see on toothpaste commercials. "Well, I've never stalked anyone before," she said. She arched a perfect eye brow. "So I guess we're even, aren't we?"

"I guess," I said. I couldn't stop staring at her. And my eyes were doing their own thing by doing a quick up-down-up while she wasn't looking. She wasn't too tall and she wasn't too short, she was a perfect five-seven, five-eight, and looked drop-dead gorgeous in her suit. The jacket dipped low and I could see the crisp immaculate white of her blouse, and framed in the V of the collar was a perfect crease of cleavage. I guessed she was a 38B, maybe pushing into the C region. My eyes went on and processed everything and by the time I hit those feet, looking perfect on shiny leather stiletto heels that were about three inches high, I had to stuff a hand in my pocket to try and discretely adjust my growing cock. It didn't help when I saw what was in her hands. Condoms, two boxes of Trojans, the pleasure mesh and one of the her pleasure ones. And a bottle of KY lube. Along with an innocent packet of stockings. My head steamed.

"See anything you like?" she asked with a hint of smile.

"I ... um," I managed, tongue-tied.

"I'm Kate," she said. She juggled the two boxes of condoms, the bottle of lube, and the packet of stockings expertly in one perfectly manicured hand. She held out her other hand and I took it stupidly.

"I'm Robert," I said. Her hand was soft but her grasp was strong. Kate's hand lingered in mine for a bit and when she drew her hand away, she brushed her fingers along my palm, scraping ever-so-lightly with her nails.

"On your lunch hour?" she asked.

"What's left of it," I told her.

She gave me another one of those smiles. "Well, I live nearby," Kate said. "I have a penthouse a couple blocks down. Would you like to come up for a bite to eat?"

My brain processed the offer: beautiful blonde who I just met who was definitely into sex and seemingly single inviting me to her penthouse no less to have a bite to eat. She could be a true stalker/psycho killer/nymphomaniac. The promise of possible sex ... hmmm ...

"Sure," I said.

"Perfect," Kate said. She looked over my shoulder. "Your turn," she said. I hastily paid for my stuff and she did the same. Outside, she linked her arm around mine, laying her hand lightly on my sleeve. I could smell her perfume, soft, sweet, but powerful enough to get into your head in that good way. It wasn't making hiding my erection any easier as we crossed the street. "So, Robert." I loved the way she said my name. "What do you do?"

"Er, I'm an assistant director in a software company," I told her.

"Mmmm, brainy and handsome," she purred. We neared a posh looking apartment building and the doorman smiled when he saw us.

"Good afternoon, Miss Blackstone," the doorman said, "Home early?"

Kate gave a melodic laugh. "No, I'm just here to have lunch," she said. 

"Ah, a home cooked meal to fuel one through the day," the man said. "Enjoy your lunch, Miss Blackstone, you, too, sir!" He tipped his hat and held open the door for us.

Inside, the air conditioning ran thick and cool over us and it was a relief, cooling my heated skin but it didn't do much to diminish the erection I was so desperately hiding in my pants. 

Kate led me to the elevators and up to the penthouses, silent and smiling all the way. There was something about the way she looked at me as we rode up in the elevator, something the way her eyes glinted behind her stylish glasses. Something I couldn't put my finger on.

When the doors dinged open, she stepped inside. "Welcome to my humble abode," she said.

Humble, I thought, yeah right. White painted walls with scarlet carpets, stylish expensive new-age kind of furniture, chrome and black marble and stark white and bold colored paintings. Definitely not humble.

She dropped her purse on the red sofa and shrugged out of her business jacket to reveal a very nice and slightly sheer blouse underneath. I could definitely see the curves of her breasts through the material but she couldn't be wearing a bra underneath, could she? I mean, the way that it all looked, with the hint of nipple, it had to be more of something like a tank top or something, right? But who was I to say? I was just a man, who was I to question the wonders of female silky clothing bits? I hoped I'd get to find out.

"So, Robert, what do you like to eat?" she asked, walking into the kitchen. Her heels clicked nicely on the classy black and white tiled floor. "Are you the sandwich type of man?" Kate purred as she opened up the fridge, bending at the waist to peer at the food items on lower shelves. I couldn't help but admire her ass, her black skirt stretched tight over it. "Or," Kate said, glancing over her shoulder, "Do you prefer something more appetizing?"

I swallowed, my brain not thinking much about food as I wandered over to sit at the breakfast bar. "Um, whatever you're having," I said, shrugging out of my jacket and draping it over my lap, hiding the erection that didn't want to be hidden anymore.

"Well," Kate said, straightening. She smoothed one hand over the curve of her hip. "I was going to have some left over food, I hope that you don't mind."

"No, no that's fine," I said.

"I have some chicken and asparagus simmered in wine, oysters in champagne sauce, or a nice vegetable soup that we can eat with some of this perfect Italian bread that I bought this morning," she said. "Which would you like?"

Once again I was lacking in intelligent answers as I watched that hand of hers that was still on her hip, making small little circles. "Um, I'm good with anything."  "I think we should eat healthy," Kate said. "We'll have the soup and bread." She pulled out a plastic container full of the thick chunky soup and set it on the counter. Next, she got out a pot from the cupboard to heat up the soup in. Then she got out the bread from one of those bread container things and cut a few slices.

I watched her in silent fascination as she made each one of her movement, even stirring the goddamn soup, a sensual act. My hunger for food was fading fast and my hunger for something else was demanding to be fed. If she was just going to feed me, I wasn't going to be able to just sit here and eat.

I got up abruptly, knocking my stool over. It hit the floor with a clang and Kate looked up.

"I just realized that I have a ... a lot of work to do," I said. "I should get going back to the office."

"Are you sure, Robert?" Kate asked, her voice soft. "I mean, I did have other things planned for us." I watched her turn off the stove and she walked around the breakfast bar, those heels of hers clicking, and she came over to me. Kate gaze up at me and rested a palm on my chest, right over my racing heart. "Are you sure that you don't have time to stay?" My mouth flapped stupidly. Her hand slid lower till her manicured fingers hooked into my belt. "Are you sure?" she purred.

Okay, I was sure now that she was going to have sex with me. "I guess I have time," I said, my voice a bit strangled.

Her lips curved into a smile. "Good." 

With her fingers still hooked in my belt, she tugged me along through the living room, down a hallway, and into the bedroom. The main piece of furniture in the room was the bed; big and spacious with maroon sheets and covers. Guiding me to the foot of the bed, Kate pushed me down until I was sitting then she stepped away from me and I sat there as she got out of her skirt, tossing it aside with a sexy kick of her leg. Next, she plucked open the buttons on her blouse and shrugged it off, leaving her dressed in her sexy black stiletto heels and a beautiful, sexy, delicious looking white bra and panty set. Ahh, so it was a bra, a magnificently crafter one at that. I could see the tops of her tits swelling above the cups of the bra and the white panties didn't hide much and I could tell that Kate was sporting a bald pussy. My cock ached even more, straining against the front of my pants.

I watched Kate walk back to me, her hips swaying, until she stood in front of me. Gracefully, she knelt between my legs, pushed me onto my back, then her slender fingers undid my belt, undid the button, undid the zipper, then she was in, fishing out my cock. When her fingers wrapped around my shaft, I groaned out loud, and when I felt her hot wet mouth close around the head of my cock, I swear I nearly blew my load.

Kate quickly got my cock all wet with her tongue before gobbling it up hungrily. I wasn't huge, but I wasn't small, and when I felt her lips press against my body, tight around the base of my cock, I was pleasantly surprised by all thoughts fled my brain when I felt Kate's throat pulsate around my dick. She did magical things with her lips, her tongue, and her teeth, her hands getting rid of my shoes and tugging my pants off.

Her tongue swirled around the lead of my cock, her tongue undulating to create waves of suction, and when she had my pants off Kate's nails scraped along the insides of my thighs before they found my balls. She cupped them in her hands, pulling her mouth off my cock long enough to suck them in, rolling them over her tongue. I groaned loudly, my hips pushing up off the bed and Kate chuckles, a sound that vibrates my balls in a great fucking way.

My head, both of them, were about to explode when Kate stopped, pulling away. I sat up blurrily. She had a smile on her face as she got up, wriggled out of her panties to reveal a delicious wet slit, and then she knelt down again, this time face away from me, then getting on all fours, she reached back with one hand and spread her pussy.

"Fuck me?" she asked in a little girl pleading voice.

I didn't need to be asked twice. Yanking at my tie and nearly ripping my shirt off, I got naked and quickly took my place behind her. My cock was raging hard and it felt like it was stretching, straining to get into that gooey pussy. When the head of my cock touched her puffy lips, Kate pushed back and took me all the way in. She gave a loud moan as my cock filled her and I gave my own when I felt the slick wet insides of her burning pussy close around me. Oh, she was tight, she was so fucking tight and I didn't even have time to start thrusting before Kate got started. She fucked herself against my cock, her perfect ass slapping against my hips.

Getting myself into gear, I grabbed Kate's hips and slammed into her. My mind and horizons had narrowed down to basically the consciousness and stimulation of one organ of my body and one purpose, so when Kate began screaming and begging for me to fuck her harder and not stop, I reached out to grip her shoulder with one so I could piston into her harder.

I could feel the pressure of an orgasm coming, the tight heaviness in my balls, the pressure behind my cock. My hips went faster, a fucking blur as I went in and out of Kate's slick pussy. I could feel her sweet juices dribble down my balls and I prayed that I could make this fantastic woman cum before me.

And she did. Kate gave a low primal scream, her whole body shaking, and her pussy clamping around my dick like a vice as she came, soaking my entire crotch area with sweet girl cum. By some miracle, I hadn't shot my load yet, probably because of her pussy had blocked it all off but when she could move, Kate let me slip from her pussy and she pushed me back onto the carpet and reclaimed my cock with her hand and mouth. I watched in pleasurable amazement as she furiously jacked me off with one hand, her other hand playing with my balls, and her mouth working in perfect furious skill on the head, bringing me heights unknown. Again, the pressure of an orgasm was there and I knew it wouldn't take much now.

When Kate did a little trick with her tongue and teeth, I felt it, pushing up through my swollen dick and it burst out in thick white ropes and Kate drank up greedily. What she couldn't swallow fast enough dribbled down my cock pulsing cock and she used it as lubricant to milk me of every single drop, and what I wasn't seeming to give willingly, she sucked it out with that amazing mouth of hers until I felt as if my balls had shriveled up.

I lay there, staring up at the ceiling, wondering if my dick was still there and alive when Kate appeared in front of me, licking and sucking her fingers clean of my cum. "Mmmm ... how about dinner tonight?" she asked, her eyes glittering evilly.