 I was sitting at my local Starbucks, enjoying a latte and the newspaper when a beautiful girl sat down at the next table. Aside from her full tits and curvy ass, I was seized by a sense of recognition. When she looked up from her book, I saw the same look on her face as she checked me out.

Then it hit me. I had watched this girl grow up! She used to live next door to me and, in that time, I had seen her go from an awkward little girl to the first throes of womanhood. I had bought another house five years before and, by the look of things, little Jenny had grown up nice!

It hit her about the same time as me and she got up and came over to my table. I stood up and she threw herself into my arms.

“Joe, it’s so good to see you! Do you remember me?”

“Of course I do! Last time I saw you, you were in junior high.”

“Yeah. What have you been doing with yourself?”

“Same old. How about you?”

“Well, I just turned eighteen and I’m going to graduate from high school in a couple weeks.”

We spent several minutes catching up, when she dropped the bombshell on me.

“Joe, you do know I had the biggest crush on you?”

I was stunned. While I could appreciate what a cute little girl she had been, I had never entertained any improper thoughts.

“No, I didn’t.”

“Sure. Whenever my girlfriends came over they used to tease me about it. Whenever I saw you bringing your dates over I got so jealous. I always wished it was me you were with.”

“Really?”

She nodded. “I even wanted you to be my first fuck, but you moved away.”

I nearly choked on my drink when I heard these words. I looked at her and her face was all sincerity. My eyes went up and down, seeing her denim miniskirt and the tight tank top she wore, with a black bra underneath. The image of Jenny as a young girl was quickly being replaced with one of a hot young woman. Sexy thoughts began to fill my head and my loins stirred.

“You shouldn’t say things like that to an old man like me.”

“You’re not so old. And you’re still very sexy.”

“Thanks. You know, I could tell when I first moved in and you were eight that you were going to grow up to be a hotie.”

“Really? How?”

“Your ass. It was so tight and round.  Plus, I looked at your mother. Apple doesn’t fall far from the tree.”

She smiled at me and placed her hand on mine. She looked into my eyes, all youth and exuberance. Somehow I guessed she was feeling something more grown up than just a childhood memory.

“Jenny, do you know what you’re doing to me?”

She reached under the table and placed her hand on my crotch. The bulge in my pants left no mystery of my desire. “I sure do. Now, what do you want to do about it?”

I leaned over and kissed her, a goner to my lust and passion. She started rubbing my cock as she kissed me back. In my ear, she whispered, “Have you ever fucked in the bathroom of a Starbucks?”

“No.”

“Then it’s about time.”

With that she led down the back hall to the restrooms. A casual observer might mistake us for father and daughter as we walked to the men’s room and closed the door.

My hands went straight for those firm, young breasts as she melded her mouth to mind and started working the zipper of my pants. I pulled the straps of her tank-top and bra down and gazed at those beautiful globes of flesh I had seen start so many years ago. I grasped them hard and kneaded them like bread dough, bringing my mouth to one then the other. They stood at attention from the stimulation.

Jenny wasted no time fishing out my penis, stroking it to full attention. She was a little surprised than my pork sword was as big as it was.

“Jeez, Joe. If I’d known you had such a monster cock I would have hunted you down years ago!”

“I get the feeling you’re not a virgin, then.”

She laughed. “Shit, no! I’ve been fucking since I was fourteen.”

“Is that what you want? For me to fuck you?”

“Yeah!”

“Tell me then.”

“Fuck me!”

“I can’t hear you.”

“FUCK ME!”

“Beg for it!”

“Joe, give me that horse cock now!” With that, she got down on her knees and took my nine-inch pole into her mouth. She swirled her tongue around the head and worked her way to my balls. Very gently, she took one then the other into her mouth. She had obviously done this before.

Wanting to hold off cumming I pulled my cock out of her mouth and pulled her back to her feet. I reached under her skirt and ripped off her panties. With my right hand I massaged her clit and finger-fucked her tight little pussy.

I locked my mouth onto hers as I thrust my fingers into her box. She humped my hand and, in no time flat was gripped by a shattering orgasm. As she settled into it I turned her around, leaned her against the wall and guided my cock to her whole. Though she was wet from my earlier efforts it took me a bit to get myself balls-deep in her teenage pussy.

Once inside her I held nothing back, thrusting into her with all the power I could must. She whimpered, groaned and moaned as we coupled. Her cunt was hot and tight, but stretched to accommodate my manhood.

My hands danced back and forth between her ass and tits, rubbing, pinching, and just holding them. She reached between us and started to play with her own clit and my balls, which were swinging wildly as I pounded her.

After about five minutes of doggie-style, I turned her around, picked her up and put my cock back in her. She wrapped her legs around my waist as I gripped one firm ass cheek in each hand. I loved how her tits bounced as I fucked her and, before long, she came again.

“Don’t cum inside me!” She pleaded.

“What?”

“It’s too close to my time. I don’t…want to get…pregnant.”

I increased my thrusts at this news that I was fucking a fertile, unprotected teenager. For some reason the thought I might knock her up really turned me on. I could feel the sperm boiling in my balls, ready to shoot out into her. But, my brain won out and I put her down and pulled my cock out of her. She got back down on her knees and again started to suck on my pole, but this time she rubbed my balls with one hand as if trying to coax the spunk out of them.

When she sensed I was about to blow, she stuck a finger in my asshole and massaged my prostate. With that surprising turn I exploded, shooting my man cream all over her face and tits.

We quickly got ourselves together, put our clothes back on and left. She slipped her torn panties into my pocket as a souvenir.

“Joe, that was really hot.”

“Thanks. How many guys have you fucked? You sure don’t do it like a teenager.”

“I like to do it. And I still wish you had been my first. When I lost my virginity, I closed my eyes and imagined it was you.”

I didn’t know what to say to that. I gave her a kiss and she placed my hand on her breast. “Can we get together some time?” I asked, like I was the teenager.

“Yeah, Joe. I would like that. I may even have a friend or two that might like to meet you, or should I say meet your meat?”

“Get on the pill, though. There is nothing better than cumming inside a bare pussy.”

One final kiss and I left. We exchanged phone numbers and left with a great memory of mating in a Starbucks bathroom.