 I would like to say "Thank You" for reading this story. I not only welcome your feedback but also encourage you to let me know what you think about the story, good or bad, and any suggestions you care to give is appreciated. Also I would really appreciate you voting what you feel on this story. I don’t write for myself, I write to share with others and want to create stories that people really want to read and wrap themselves in. Once again, Thank You!

* * * * *

Our meetings were becoming more frequent, one because we were getting better at planning our times, and second, we could not wait to see each other again. I pulled into the motel that we planned our rendezvous at and went in to pay for a room. Money exchanged and key in hand, I got back in my vehicle and parked in front of the room. I reach behind the seat and grab a sack of supplies that I have brought for our playtime.

I get out of the car and walk to the door. Once inside I set about the business of getting ready. Adjust the room temperature so we will be comfortable with nothing on. Turn off all the lights and set out the oil lamps and light each one. Set five bowls of rose petal potpourri around the room to have a pleasant aroma. I look in the bag to see what else, a smile creeps across my face as I gaze upon the special surprises that I have for you.

I glance at my pager, 3:30, you will be calling at any moment now. I take out the four new items and lay them on the bed. Take one in my hand and kneel down at the head of the bed and then bend all the way over to look under. "Good, normal bed rails," I think to myself and I wrap the one end around the post and fasten it and then push it under so it won’t be seen. I grab the other three and start crawling my way around the bed to fasten them also. I no sooner get to the last one and my pager goes off. I quickly attach it, tuck it under and walk to the phone to dial your cell phone number.

"Hello," I hear your sweet voice on the other end.

"Hello Lover," I reply, "I am here, room 127, my car is parked right in front of the room."

"Mmm, can hardly wait!" you hiss back, "I am pulling in now, I see your car, be right there."

I hang up the phone and peek out the window as I watch you park. I hear the engine turn off and watch as the door opens and you step out. I smile as I see that you wore the dress that I asked you to. It is a conservative navy blue knee length dress, very appropriate for you to wear to the office. No one will question you about being "dressed up" for something. You had asked my why I wanted you to wear that dress and I told you that I really liked it on you, the truth is I wanted you to wear it because it buttons all the way up the front. Now I wonder if you wore what else I asked you to.

You see me looking out the window of the room and smile at me. I watch as you swing the car door closed and take off your sunglasses. You slowly look to left and make eye contact with me. You slowly and seductively walk to the front on the car and stop. You look slowly to your right and then slowly back to the left. You make sure, as far as you can tell, that no one is watching what you are doing. Then you look back at me again.

I see your lips slightly part and I groan as I study your tongue as you leisurely move it across your ruby red lips. You put your hands on your hips and start to rub your hands up and down, as you make a slight gyrating motion with your hips. Slowly your hands start raising the hem of your dress until I can see the lacy tops of your thigh highs. At this point, you see the big grin on my face; you stop circling your hips, put your right hand up to your lips and blow me a kiss.

I open the door for you as you walk up. We fall into each other’s arms and our lips find each other’s quickly. I flip the door shut and then wrap my arms tightly around your hot body. Our kissing become more heated within minutes. I feel your lips start to part and your tongue touch my lips and my tongue moves to meet it. I hear you let out a little moan as our tongues dance with each other’s. I feel you relax as I run my tongue along your upper lip then the lower one and then across your teeth. You break away from my kiss and look me in the face.

"Oh, I love when you do that," you coo, "Let’s get a little more comfortable."

You will get no resistance from me. I lead you to the side of the bed and then wrap my arms around you again and kiss your sweet lips. Without breaking our kiss we slowly lower ourselves on to the bed. You are lying flat on your back as I lean over you. You flinch at the tickle you feel as I slowly and lightly move my hand down to your hip. We are lost in our kissing, out tongues dance with each others, as our heads move to the rhythm and our heavy breathing gives the beat.

I feel your body twist as I break away from our kiss and I run my tongue down your neck to the collar of your dress. I circle my tongue under the collar and then back up your neck to your earlobe. I feel your hands slide up my back to hold my head as you unconscientiously moan your approval of my actions. I peek at your face and enjoy the view of you next to me enthralled in the pleasure of my touch. As my tongue slides up the back of your ear, around the top and then finds it’s way into your ear, I see your lips part and a breathy "Ah" escapes.

You ever so smoothly circle your head to the gratification my tongue brings you. I slowly start to slide my hand up your unbelievable body, too just below your wonderful breast. I feel your head rock back and an imperceptible "Oh" passes from you lips as I tenderly slide my hand up on to your breast. As each finger crest your breast, I can feel your hard nipple standing proud below each knuckle. As my pinky passes over, I bend my fingers and bring each fingertip over that rock hard nipple. As my index fingertip passes, I move my thumb to your nipple and I gently pinch it. Then I expand my hand back over to cup your breast and give it a firm squeeze.

Your hands pull my head to your waiting lips and we kiss deeply. I feel your mouth start to open and our tongues aggressively find each other’s. My hand continues it massage of your breast, my fingertip teasing your nipple and then give it a light pinch. I lean back on the bed and use my arm under you to pull your body to me. I slide my hand down your slender body around and over your round ass. As my hand reaches the bottom or your ass, I grasp your soft flesh and pull you to me; I relish your moan of consent. You break away from our kiss and move your head up and hungrily lick my earlobe.

My hard cock jumps in my pant as I hear you hiss in my ear, "I want you to fuck me."

I lean back and gaze into the fire that roars in your eyes, "In due time my love, in due time. I have a something special for you." I tease.

You get a devilish grin on your face and utter back, "Take me, I yours!" as you lie back on the mattress.

"Ok, lie more in the center of the bed." I instruct you, as I move to the bag I brought in, "and close your eyes."

You move compliantly to rest centered on the bed. I remove a blind fold from the bag and softly lay it over your face. I hear you coo with anticipation as to the prospects this brings. As I sit next to you, you lift your head as you feel my hands there and I slip the strap to the back of your head. As your head lays back down on the bed I take your hands in mine and move them so that I have them pinned above your head. You are lying there in awaiting my next move as you feel my lips softly touch yours. Our lips softly kiss but for only a few seconds as then the pressure increases as does our passion. Just at the point that our lips part and our tongues touch I break away from our kiss.

I then stretch my arms out still holding your hands and say in a hushed tone, "Don’t move."

I slide off the bed and reach under to grab the one strap and lay it near your hand. I quickly move around the bed, putting each strap as close as I can to you. As I put the last one down, sit on the bed on your left side. I lean over and gently slide my hands down your arms. When I reach your hands I ever so softly rub my fingertips over your palms and along your fingers. I hear you let out a little moan and then I stretch my arm out farther as my lips touch yours. As we kiss each of my hands finds the loop in the straps and I stretch them out with my fingers. I break away from our kiss and look at your sweet face.

"Sweetheart," I whisper, "relax while I give you your next surprise."

"Mmm, Ok," is your faint reply.

I take the strap and fasten it around your left wrist, then quickly move around the bed and fasten the strap to your right wrist. As I move to your feet I see you move your arms to pull against the restraints. As I fasten the straps around your ankles, I am a little apprehensive about your reaction. You had mentioned a couple of times a slight fascination about bondage, but had never said you actually wanted to try it. At the risk of ruining the afternoon, I decide not to say anything and continue with my plan for you.

You feel the butterflies in your stomach as I fasten the first strap. Your mind races with a million thoughts, you don’t know whether you should object or let me continue. To late, I have the strap fastened on you left hand now. You pull against the restraints to see how much give they have. You feel me slightly spread your legs as I attach the straps to each of your ankles. Bondage was just a curiosity before, now it is about to become a reality. You decide too not say anything yet, full well knowing that I will stop if and when you ask me to.

You did not even realize that I had sat on the bed on your right side until you feel my lips touch yours. I make sure that only my lips are touching you. Your kisses convey to me your apprehension, so it is time to take your mind off of the straps and get you feeling some pleasure. I run my tongue along your upper lip then the lower one and then across your teeth. Then I kiss down your cheek to nibble on your ear lobe. I run my tongue down your neck to the collar on your dress and then back up to your ear and then softly around the back.

I feel your head start to move slightly as you are enjoying the tingle my tongue is bringing to you. I move my right hand up and find the top button on your dress. Without missing a beat I continue to lick, suck and kiss on your neck and ear as I slowly undo one button after another down your dress. When I get your dress un-done to your bra, I fold back the fabric of your dress. I slowly kiss down and across your neck to under your chin and then very slowly kiss down your body.

My hands continue to undo the buttons down to your waist and my lips slowly taste your sweet skin. When my lips find themselves between your fleshy mounds, I reach up and separate the clasp between the cups. I kiss and lick around each silky cup of your bra, teasing your body. As I move my head around I feel your body move encouraging me to uncover your breast and please your nipples. I slowly move the fabric of your bra with my nose, paying close attention to your movements so as to tease you as much as possible. I will choose the time of your pleasure the rest of our time, not you. As my tongue comes close to your nipple, you suddenly rotate your torso to put your nipple in my mouth.

I pull back slightly and say, "No no no!"

You groan back, "Oh baby, please! I want you to suck on my tits."

I turn toward you and in your face I see the look that begs me to give you release, but not yet my dear. I flick my tongue across your hard nipple and hear you emit a moan of delight. I then lightly blow on your nipple wet with my saliva. I see your body bend and your head rocks back on the bed. I take my tongue and lightly touch the flesh at the base of your breast. I leisurely move my head out and make a big circle around your tit at the base. Bit by bit I continue the circles, smaller and smaller as I work my way up. As my tongue feels the texture change of your hard nipples I make several more snails pace circles around your nipple, but not onto it.

I lean up, ever so lightly flick my tongue across the top of the tip and then move over to the other one. Once again I tease your breast as I little by little move the cup of your bra with my nose. I flick my tongue across that nipple and then lightly blow. You rock your body that direction, begging for a touch. I take my tongue and once again lightly touch the flesh at the base of your breast and bit by bit work my way up. At your nipple I reach up with my left hand and gently rub my index finger across the tip of your breast, at the same time I flick my tongue across the tip of your other tit. You moan at the tingle of both your breast being delighted at once.

I sit up straight next to you and savor the sight of your tantalizing breast with their rock hard nipples gracing your sexy body. I move both hands up to my mouth and moisten my index fingers and thumbs. I reach down and simultaneously lightly rub my fingertips on your nipples. You lift your breast to meet my touch and a breathy "Ah" escapes from your lips. I move my fingers to the sides of your nipples and give each tit a moderate pinch. Your head flinches back and I hear you let out a cry of pleasure. I spread my fingers over your breast and then firmly grip the flesh. I pull my fingers up until my thumbs have your nipples grasped on the sides of my index fingers and I pull your nipples until the skin is tight.

I see your body strain against the straps, your arm desperate to grab my hands. Your legs move without thought trying in vain to free themselves. I roll your nipples between my fingers and then release them sending a new wave of sweet pain through your body. I grasp your breast in my hand again and firmly massage the flesh. I lean down and lick your left nipple and then suck it into my mouth. You lift your shoulder and shove yourself into my mouth more; you gasp with excitement as my tongue makes quick circles. I then move to your other breast and do the same thing.

The desire within myself to take you fully is reaching the boiling point. I stand up and move to the foot of the bed. I quickly undo the remaining buttons and throw your dress fully open. I groan in sheer delight as I now realize you are not wearing panties. My eyes concentrate on your neatly trimmed bush surrounding your full lips glistening with your juices that I so love to taste. I love the way the lacey belt goes around your body. The straps that go down to attach to the top of your thigh highs. The way they look on your sexy legs down to your cute little toes.

I take a deep breath and then say "God you are so beautiful!"

I see you wiggle your body and you reply, "Hmm baby, you like?"

"You have been a naughty little girl," I say playfully, "Not wearing any panties."

You giggle at your secret now being found out. I kick off my shoes as I am now going to join you in the less clothes club.

"Hmm, you know that I just love looking at your body baby." You hear me say.

"You do?" you reply.

"Oh yes," I tease back as I loosen my belt, "It looks good enough to eat."

"Ooo, I know something you can eat." Spreading your legs a bit.

As I kick my pants and boxers to the side I say, "You would like me to eat your pussy baby?"

"I want your tongue in me bad," you hiss moving your hips seductively, "Then I want to suck your dick."

"You want to taste me also baby?" I say as I pull of my shirt.

"Mmm yes! I want to taste your cum, stud." You state.

I am now standing completely naked at the foot of the bed looking at your hot body lying there on the bed. I lean over and take your right foot in my hand and then put my tongue at the base of your big toe under your foot. I run my tongue underneath your foot along the base of your toes until I reach your little toe. Then I curl my tongue on the outside of your little toe and work my way back across your foot to your big toe.

At your big toe I now start up your body. My tongue never leaves your skin as I slowly move to your ankle. Then up your leg to your knee, I feel you start to squirm with the tickle as my tongue move slowly low between your legs. As my tongue gets just about to your pussy I take a deep breath of your wonderful scent. I run my tongue up and around your pussy. You are moving your hips toward my face seeking the feeling of my tongue parting your lips. I avoid your advances and slowly run my tongue down your left leg. Moving my tongue across your toes and around underneath, stopping at your big toe.

I put my hands on your legs, one each at your ankles. I slowly lean over allowing my hands to gently slide up your legs. I see your body jump as I allow my thumbs to ever so softly brush across your sensitive pussy lips. I lean down and kiss your right knee, then move and kiss your left knee. As I slowly move up your legs, kissing one leg then the other while my hands slide further up your body.

My hands reach the base of your breast just as my lips kiss your inner thighs just below your waiting pussy. I slowly work my fingertips around your breast working toward your hard nipples as I kiss around your pussy. I feel your body moving and fighting the straps to get your body positioned where you want me to be. I hear you softly moan as my index fingers gently glide over your rock hard nipples. As I do this I lean up and take a glance at your promise land, your neatly trimmed bush make for a velvety cover over your moist beckoning lips.

I extend my tongue out as far as I can and I lean in between your legs. I hear you gasp as my tongue starts deep between your legs and oh so softly runs up the outside of your pussy lips. You buck at my face, seeking my tongue with your clit. I move back still keeping contact with my tongue, my torturing your pussy with pleasure is long from over and I want you to agonize over each wave of ecstasy that my tongue will send through your body!

I hold my hands out tight and slightly bend my middle fingers toward your body, my touch is as light as a butterfly upon a flower as my fingertip make slow circles around your nipples. I lift my head and once again put my tongue deep between your legs and run it up your pussy lips. I continue to do this for a minute or two, the whole time moving my head to fight off your body. I hear the urgency in each cry as my tongue parts your pussy lips just a tiny bit more each trip it makes along your wet slit.

I smile to myself as you let out a shriek of pleasure as my tongue lightly flicks across your yearning clit. I stop allowing my tongue to work deeper into your pussy and for the next minute I make shorter and shorter strokes until I am just flicking my tongue lightly past your clit. I love the way your body moves and jumps at my face as I drive you wild with the feathery tickle of my tongue moving across your clit.

My tongue continues its steady pace of brushing past your clit as my hands softly massage your breast. My senses enjoy every second of the time that I spend between you legs, the intoxicating sweet taste of your juices, your fantastic aroma filling my nostrils, your body pulling and fighting the straps that hold you tight, your moans of pleasure and cry’s for release. I decide to give you a little more pressure, so I slide my tongue just a bit deeper in your pussy and bring it across your clit with just a bit more force.

"Ah, God yes! Harder!" you demand, "Oh harder."

I just continue where I am at, just a little bit more pressure across you sensitive clit. I think to myself, "I’ll give you more pressure, later." Your arms and legs continue to pull against the restraints and your body moves without direction to the electricity pulsing through your body every time my tongue delicately flicks across your clit. Your cries are much louder now as you beg me to give you release one second, then demand of me the same the next.
