 We had chatted online for a few weeks. The conversation was about nothing deep or philosophical. After all, he was only nineteen compared to my thirty-eight. His name online said it all, simply and as eloquently as a nineteen year old can say anything. YoungMAN4olderWOMAN. I guess a nineteen- year age gap qualified me as the “Older” woman. 

His name was Steve and he was a student. He lived at home, dependent on his parents for money and transportation. I found myself drawn to this young man, who had little sexual experience, and yet was so sweet and smooth with his words. We used our video-cams a few times, and I liked his sweet smile. And when he took the plunge and showed me his young, thick cock……well, let’s just say I became even MORE intrigued at the idea of playing with him.

One Sunday afternoon, we happened to be chatting and I told him that I was going to the movies that evening. He enquired which movie, theater and time. I told him, without worrying. That evening, I arrived at the theater and discovered that Steve was there, waiting and hoping to meet me at last. We spoke little, but I did sit next to him in the theater. I was a little anxious at this point, and could sense his nervousness. I was unsure what to make of his being there, but decided to see where the mood would take us.

The Star Wars movie began, and soon I was wrapped up in the action sequences. I am no critic, but definitely The Clone Wars was better then the Phantom Menace, the action enthralling. But still, I was very easily distracted. My arm kept brushing against Steve’s and I felt his body shaking a little. I glanced at the crotch of his jeans, and despite the fact that he was wearing loose pants, I could see the thickness of his cock causing a tent and a slight wet spot appearing…..and I had not even touched him!

Intrigued, I carefully took his hand in mine, and stroked it…….his hand was warm and soft, but not sweaty. I began to caress his fingers, his palm. I stroked gently, letting him know that I was enjoying our closeness. I could sense the excitement in his body, in the way he tightened. Very casually I took our joined hands and placed them on his lap, directly on top of the bulge. I felt an instant jump from Steve, and I smiled inside. My hand released his and began running up and down the stiffness that was poking north against his Belly. The throbbing was intense, and the heat incredible. I wanted to feel him without any clothes. I gently undid the zipper on his jeans, for the first time appreciating the gangsta style looseness that teens wore, and slipped my hand inside. 

His boxers were the old-fashioned loose cotton style, and I could easily slip my fingers through the window and gently wrap them around his cock.  I glanced sideways as his breath caught in his throat. Eyes tightly closed, mouth slack and open, I wondered at his level of experience. According to what he had told me he had a few experiences, but an older woman was his fantasy. I hoped I was meeting or exceeding his expectations.

I had worn a loose long skirt and matching tank top. My nipples were poking through and my 44D’s were ultra-sensitive against the material. I was wet and the crotch of my cotton panties drenched. As I stroked his hard cock….I took his hand and placed it on my lap and lifted the shirt. I felt his hand gently exploring, and when he reached the stiffened nipple, his cock throbbed in my hand. I could not have cared less about what anyone named Skywalker was doing. I was loving this!

His fingers rolled my nipple, and little shock waves traveled through my body, straight to my ever-expanding clit. I felt the wetness spreading and the damp spot growing bigger. I moved a little in my seat enabling his hand to cup my entire breast and I could feel him hefting the weight, relishing the feel of it. I was beginning to squirm in my seat, with the combination of his cock in my hand and my breast in his. This was overwhelming. I got up and excused myself, and went to the bathroom to catch my breath.

In the bathroom I took a few minutes to relieve myself and remove my sopping wet panties. They were drenched and the scent of my free flowing juices was strong. With no hair on my pussy, the wetness was dripping on my thighs. A sane woman would stop this right now. But being slightly crazy was either going to be my downfall, or my path to some of the most erotic adventures of my life. I straightened my hair, tweaked my nipples encouraging them to stand at attention, and returned to my seat in the theater.

As I walked by Steve, I brushed my breasts lightly against his face, and the scent of my body perfume and my secretions wafted through the air. He looked at me with puppy dog eyes and grinned. I glanced down and saw his jacket across his lap. As I slid into my seat my hand slipped into his lap, as if drawn by a magnet. His cock was throbbing and dripping. My index finger swirled around the tip and scooped up the pre-cum, and lifted my finger to my mouth tasting his secretions. As I licked my finger, sucking hard, I caught Steve staring at me, his mouth open and his breathing heavy. I leaned over and kissed him for the first time. Our tongues twined together, gently stroking and pulling against each other. I could not restrain myself and I whispered “I want to fuck your mouth with my tongue”. Our tongues lashed and our teeth rubbed as we mouth fucked, tongue to tongue, lips swelling and flushing.

My hand began to stroke his cock in a steady rhythm, and I knew he was ready to blow soon. As we kissed, his hand stopped stroking my breast. I knew that he was entirely focused on the feeling of my hand. I knew that pushing him over the edge was so simple, and I leaned over and whispered in his ear “Give me all you cum. Cum for me Steve….all over my hand and let me lick it off, come on sweetie…..give it to me”, and that was it. His head moved back and his hips lifted as he began to shoot. Pulsing and throbbing his cock pumped all over my hand and coated it with cream. He must have spasmed eight or ten times before he began to relax and breath again. He turned and looked at me, and watched as I lifted my hand to my mouth and licked off his cum. My hand was coated and after a few minutes of licking and sucking, was finally cleaned of all his fluids.


I smiled and leaned over and kissed him softly murmuring “I love your taste, your scent.”

“Oh Karen,” he replied, in a voice shaky with  passion, or maybe it was relief! 

“How can I please you?, he queried anxiously. 

By way of an answer, I took his hand and slid it under my skirt, placing it on my thigh. I gently took his jacket and covered our laps, and let his fingers begin to stroke my thigh. He stroked me gently, and as I began to relax and enjoy his touch, he became more confident. His hand slid higher up, touching the soft fleshy inner thigh, until he discovered two important factors. I was wearing no panties, and I was completely smooth shaven. His fingers began exploring the soft folds, the lips of my pussy. I could see the awe in his face, as he felt the wetness seeping out, coating his fingers. My eyes half closed, I slid down in the seat, allowing my knees to fall open, and his fingers to gain more freedom to move. He began to move them faster, and I reached down and stopped the movement with a gentle grip.

 “Slowly, Steve, slowly,’ I murmured. His hand slowed down and his fingers began caressing me at a slower pace. As he stroked, my clit began to throb and swell. His fingers found it and began to rub, in gentle circles. He dipped inside my scooping up my own moisture, and rocking the little kernel in just the right rhythm.

“Circle it gently Steve, slowly,” I begged. My hips were moving of their own accord now, and I was humping up against his hands. I moved my hands, up to my breasts and began to tug the nipples through my shirt, twisting them. I felt the sensations travel down to my nether regions. The combination of twisting my nipples, and his fingers on my clit was explosive, and I began to cum. The flush crept up my breasts, sufficing my face with color as I began to spasm. Small moans escaped my mouth and I bit my lip, trying to control the noises I readily made. “Nhgggg,” escaped my lips as I grabbed his hand and slammed two of his fingers inside my pussy walls. My own hand pushed down hard on my clit as I clamped my thighs shut, pressing against the hardened nub, his fingers trapped by the spasming walls of my tight cunt. I floated on the edge, allowing all the muscles in my body to tighten, convulse, and then begin to relax in post-orgasmic bliss. 

As I caught my breath and came down from my high, I gently opened my legs and released his hand, feeling momentarily embarrassed. I watched him take his wet hand and lift it to his face and sniff, smelling the essence of woman, the scent of orgasm on his fingers, his hand. He gently licked his fingers, and then sucked them off one by one. I watched him closely, enjoying the expression of wonder on his young face. I adjusted my clothing and sat back in my seat, to enjoy the remainder of the movie.

As we watched the movie, I could sense the awkwardness creeping in. I took my hand and gently reached over and held his, letting him know that everything was okay, and that what we had done was wonderful.  The movie was almost at an end when Steve leaned over and whispered that he had to leave early. He squeezed my hand and thanked me, and disappeared up the aisles, leaving me alone to watch the remainder of the movie.

I returned home to find a message on Yahoo, thanking me for a wonderful experience. Much to my delight, there was also a request for another visit as soon as possible. Summer came, and with the children out of school and schedules becoming hectic, we have yet to meet again. But autumn is just around the corner, and the college Steve attends is but a few minutes away. Who knows, perhaps we can take in another movie in the very near future.