 The woman watched the three tables across the isle from her. Sounded like they'd all just graduated from high school. All those carefree years. What had happened to hers? These teens seemed to be filled with excitement about their futures. If they only knew. 

Four really attractive young girls sat at the middle table; they were obviously the most popular. Seven or eight guys—jocks, no doubt—were all hovering over them exchanging yearbooks to sign. A few more less popular boys and girls at the farthest table were also passing around yearbooks. And then there was one boy, the apparent nerd, waiting patiently to hand his off. But was he patently being ignored? 

Finally, they were all ready to depart. One of the popular girls took longer to gather her stuff while the others filed out. Seeing an opportunity, the nerd approached her. 

"Angela, would you sign my book?" he asked. 

She looked at him and rolled her eyes. "Oh, Louis." Her tone was less than gracious. 

One of the jocks, Mike, returned. "Come on, Angela. Everyone is waiting." Then, to Louis, "Leave her alone, nerd." 

Angela giggled at that. But she grabbed Louis' opened yearbook, scribbled something with a smirk, handed it back and quickly followed the jock out before Louis could read it. 

At first, Louis Robbins seemed pleased—until he read what Angela wrote. Then he sank back in his chair, a picture of dejection. 

Having witnessed the display, the woman was reminded of a similar time in her life. She wondered how much it had contributed to the path her life had taken. "You'll probably never see any of them again, anyway," she felt like she needed to tell Louis. 

"Not as long as they think of me as they do," he responded looking up. 

"No, because I'm sure you're destined for bigger things." 

"What makes you say that?" 

"I'm a pretty good judge of people." 

"But you don't even know me." 

"Then, why don't we change that?" she said, feeling sorry for him. "Join me." 

Louis shrugged. Then he stood and stepped over to her table thinking that at least someone was being kind to him, more so than Angela, whom he'd had an attraction to for years. Although after what she wrote, he couldn't imagine why. 

"Don't worry about her," the woman counseled. "She's just a small town girl who puts out for the jocks to be popular. She'll never amount to much more." 

"More good judgment of people?" 

"I know her type." Quickly sizing him up, the woman determined that, aside from the moppy haircut, black-rimmed glasses and the out of style clothes, he was not bad looking. With a make-over, he could probably be very handsome. When he sat, she removed her large sunglasses and her oversized beret, and then shook out her flaming red hair. His eyes widened and nearly popped out when she undid her jacket to reveal a tight-fitting, low-cut knit shirt that showed the tops of two perfectly round, really nice tits. 

But the hair and breasts were not the eye-opener they should have been for a nerd like Louis Robbins, mainly because he had seen them before—on screen. His real surprise was in recognizing the woman to be a big porn star: Vermeil Chaleur. 

The realization caused Louis' face to turn . . . vermeil. That was because it was an admission that he watched porn. No telling how many times he had jerked off watching her movies. 

"Uh, oh, you recognize me," she noted, with a grin. 

Absent-mindedly, Louis nodded, and that admission deepened his embarrassment. 

"It's okay. I would have been disappointed if a—" she chose her words carefully "—young man your age—how old are you?" 

"Nineteen," he said hoarsely. 

"If you hadn't recognized me." 

"What are you doing here?" he asked in an attempt to pull himself together. And despite his earlier thought about her hair and breasts, in actuality, seeing them, or what he could of them, in person, was thrilling. 

"I grew up in this town." His stupefied reaction said he didn't believe her, so she added, "Everybody's got to be from somewhere." 

"I think I would have heard if Vermeil Chaleur was from here." 

"Surely, you realize that's not my real name." But the blank look on his face suggested he did not. 

"I guess I thought you were really French," Louis admitted, his embarrassment sinking to new depths. 

"Do you know what Vermeil Chaleur means?" 

He shook his head. 

"Red heat. It's a stage name." She gestured to the red hair. "A lot of people take sexually suggestive names as their porn labels." 

Louis nodded and pointed to her head. "Is that your real color?" 

"Only one way to tell for sure," Vermeil joked. Even though she shaved her pussy for the movies, she did leave a red strip of hair so everyone would know for sure. 

But Louis didn't get it. 

"We'll get to that later," she said, shrugging it off. "Are you really . . . what they accuse you of?" 

"A nerd?" Louis shrugged, hanging his head. "We live in a society where jocks and cheerleaders are the cool people, and those like me who are good in science and computers and enjoy science fiction are considered nerds. If the cool people say something is, then it is." 

Vermeil offered her warmest smile. 

Hair, tits and persona aside, Louis found it her most appealing feature. 

"I was where you are once," she confided. "Right here in this town. But I decided I was going to move beyond it." 

"You wanted to be a porn star?" There was no hiding the incredulity in his voice. 

She'd heard it before. "I don't think anyone sets out to do that. You're either in the right place at the right time, or the wrong place at the wrong time, depending on how you choose to look at it. For me, well, let's just say I was where I was, and here I am." 

"Do you really enjoy it?" 

It was a probing question that she'd asked herself many times, and even now at 40 years old, she wasn't sure she knew the answer. She stared out of the window to contemplate a response. "Some days you're glad you enjoy science and some days you want to be one of the so-called cool kids." 

Louis smiled at her analogy. 

He'd launched her into a philosophical mood. "I've been lucky. I got in with the right company. They took care of me and I've had a good career that's still going strong. I can do pretty much what I want. Unfortunately, there are others who get into this business who are not so lucky. Young kids defy their parents and move to New York or L.A. thinking they've got talent and they're going to become movie stars. But all they can get into is my business. They end up having to do some pretty humiliating things. It can be a tough line of work." 

"Sounds sad." 

"It can be. But with the Internet, hell, anyone with a video camera can produce their own porn. It's good and it's bad. And there is a lot of crap out there." She shook her head. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to be so philosophical." 

"It's okay," Louis said. "But I can't decide if you're happy to still be doing it, or looking to get out." 

She gave him that heart-melting smile again. "You know, Louis, I meant what I said before. You're better than those other kids. You're very insightful. I could get out if I wanted to, and if things were like they were twenty years ago when I got in, I'd have to get out because all anyone wanted was a young, hot body. But today, there are MILFs and cougars, and so, still a lot of work for someone like me. And it's what I do." 

"Well, for what it's worth, you've filled a big void in my life." 

"Aw, that's sweet, Louis." After a few minutes of awkward silence, to make conversation, Vermeil asked, "So, you've just graduated high school. What are your plans now?" 

"I want to go to college, but it may have to wait. My parents were killed in an avalanche on a skiing vacation a few years ago. I live with my elderly grandmother, who is not in the best health. And there's not really enough money. So, between the two, higher education for me is not on the short list of things to do. I'll have to get a job, try to set aside some money for school." 

Vermeil did not detect sadness in his voice. It was though he was seasoned to adversity and had adapted to it. 

Louis did not want to bring the mood down with his sad story, so he asked, "So, what brings you back home?" 

She thought for a moment. It was just after lunch. "What are your plans for the rest of the day?" 

"Well, since the 'cool' kids didn't invite me to their graduation parties, I guess I'm on my own." 

"There are no other friends you can hang with?" 

"Even the uncool kids think I'm a nerd." 

He didn't seem too put out not to have friends. Again, he seemed to have adjusted to it. "Would you like to accompany me?" 

"Where?" 

"To see why I came back home," was all she would say. 

"Sure. I guess." 

Vermeil re-buttoned her coat, put her beret and sunglasses back on and they left the diner. Louis followed her wordlessly for a couple of blocks to a nursing home. She led him in and down a long hall, and then entered a room. 

A woman was lying in a hospital bed seemingly half asleep, but when she saw them her eyes opened wide. 

Louis immediately recognized her. "Mrs. Carter?" 

"You know her?" Vermeil asked, somewhat astonished. 

"She worked at the diner we just came from for years. Then suddenly she was gone. No one ever said why." Then he instantly put two and two together. "Is she your mother?" 

Vermeil held out her hand. "Lonnie Carter, at your service." 

"And that explains why you were at the diner," Louis surmised. 

"Nostalgia." 

"Nurse, can you fix my pillow?" the woman in the bed asked. 

"Yes, Mrs. Carter." 

"Are you the doctor?" Mrs. Carter asked Louis. 

Then it dawned on the young man. "Alzheimer's?" he whispered to . . . Lonnie. 

She simply nodded as she fluffed the woman's pillow. "I'll be back." To Louis: "Let's go." Once outside, Lonnie explained, "She's why I still do what I do. That place is not cheap." 

Louis had no idea what to say, so he simply followed Lonnie like a lost puppy. 

* * * 

A few blocks away, he followed her into an old house, which was typical of this part of the small town. Once inside, Lonnie took off her sunglasses, hat and coat as though she lived here. Louis assumed this was her mother's home. A glance around to photographs on various pieces of furniture confirmed that suspicion. He recognized Mrs. Carter in younger years, as well as, Lonnie. 

Lifting a framed picture of the porn star before she was one, Louis said under his breath to himself, "Well, that answers that question." 

"What question?" Lonnie had quietly stepped up behind him. 

When he turned to face her, he saw her completely for this first time in just her tight-fitting top that accentuated her nice size tits and displayed a seductive cleavage, and her short skirt that showed off a figure girls half her age would die for, not to mention very shapely legs. He also now noticed that she was not overly made-up as in her movies. She took his breath away. 

"What question, Louis?" Seeing his hesitancy, she added, "Louis, you've seen me completely naked with dicks in my mouth and shoved in my pussy. Surely, you can ask what's on your mind." 

She had a point, he thought. "Your, your . . ." 

Lonnie could see him staring at her breasts and thought she knew where this was going. "Tits?" 

"Yes. They were big when you were younger, which suggests they are . . ." 

"Real? Yes, they are. Would you like to see them?" 

"What?" Louis acted surprised that she asked that, and to some extent he was, although he somewhat expected it. However, much as he might like to, and he wasn't even sure about that, he politely said, "Oh, no, that's not . . . I don't . . ." 

"Louis, you've already seen them on film, haven't you?" 

"Yes, but I wouldn't expect you to . . . you would really do that?" 

"Well, I just don't whip them out for anybody, even though I'm naked on screen. But for a real fan like you; sure. Besides, I've taken a liking to you." 

"Why is that?" This woman was turning out to be a mass of confusion for him. 

"I told you. I've been where you are; except with me it was because I liked sex when I was your age and did it with a few guys and some of them had big mouths so I was branded a slut." Lonnie shook her head. "But they treated me just like those kids treated you today." 

"Did that have anything to do with you getting into porno; I mean that you liked sex." 

"To some extent." Lonnie chuckled. "And for someone who likes sex, it seems like the thing to do. Have it and get paid for it. But the way they make adult movies; good adult movies—the way I make mine—what you see on screen—like any regular Hollywood movie—are often just scenes that are not necessarily filmed in order and then edited together to make it look like very good sex. Hell, many of the guys can't keep a hard on and can only ejaculate once. Sometimes, the cum shot at the end is not even the same guy that was in the scene." 

"Really?" Louis had no idea. 

"Sorry, if I popped your bubble." 

"I just thought that if I could keep hard for a long time and could cum often, anyone could." 

"What do you mean? Are you just bragging?" Lonnie phrased it lightheartedly to not seem like she doubted him, but she did. 

"No," Louis answered defensively. "I don't boast about things I can do." 

"Show me," Lonnie dared. 

To say Louis was taken aback was an understatement. "I . . . I . . . What do you mean?" 

Lonnie smiled, enjoying his naïveté. He was delicious, so different from the macho assholes she worked with who thought that just because they had big cocks they were big shit. "Louis, we're planning a series of shorts: mother/son, your best friend's mother, your next door neighbor, things like that. We're looking for a young man with innocence but who can rise to the occasion, pun intended. Seriously, someone who can get it up and keep it up, come when we need him to, and if he can do it again on short notice, all the better. If you can do what you say, you would be perfect." 

"You want me to do porn?" he asked, thinking how incredible that sounded. 

"I want you to do it if you can do what you say you can." 

"I can." 

She noticed the confidence in his voice. 

"But I'm not sure I want to." 

Lonnie ever so casually removed her top, her breasts nearly spilling out of her sexy bra. "You can make a lot of money. Pay for college, take care of your grandmother." 

Louis thought about that as a solution. "What do you mean, mother and son, best friend's mother, next door neighbor?" he nervously asked, unable to take his eyes from her incredible tits. 

With a shrug, Lonnie described, "son loses girlfriend, mother comforts him, and it turns sexual." She and the producers had really only tossed some ideas around. No one had actually come up with any specific scenarios, so she was merely spouting out what came to mind. "Mom and son stop at a motel on a road trip, only one room available with one bed, they have to sleep together, and it turns sexual. Uh, mom is upset because dad is never home, thinks he's having an affair, feels ignored, she confides in son, it turns sexual. Dad's no good at sex, doesn't satisfy mom, she's desperate, son steps in, and it turns sexual. You go to your best friend's house, he's not home, you chat with his mom, it turns sexual. Similar scenario with the next door neighbor." 

"I get the picture," Louis said to stop her, feeling embarrassed. 

Now, Lonnie pulled down the side zipper on her skirt, slid it over her hips and pushed it to the floor. Her lacy bikini panties matched her bra. 

Louis didn't think he was drooling, but he wiped his mouth just in case. Her body was even more incredible in person. 

She reached out and touched his very hard cock through his pants, running her hand up and down his length. Her eyebrows bounced up to show she was impressed. She saw that he was not hesitant about staring at her breasts. She undid his zipper slowly to heighten his anticipation. He did not stop her—probably less because he wanted her to do this than he was frozen. However, she was anxious to see what he really had so she reached inside his pants and pulled out his cock. It was long and straight and . . . perfect! "If those girls at the diner knew you had this, they wouldn't have treated you as they did." Without another thought, Lonnie swooped down and took it into her mouth, slowly. She went as far down as she could without deep-throating it, then continued sucking unhurriedly. 

Louis threw his head back against the sofa covering his head with his hand. He sucked in his breath, groaned and then whimpered. 

Lonnie smiled inwardly to herself. She loved it when she could elicit such a response from a man . . . male. Taking his entire shaft in her mouth a dozen times, she halted and glanced up at him with the tip still between her lips. "No one's ever done this before?" Of course, she was certain no one ever had. 

All Louis could do was shake his head. 

She swallowed it again, picking up pace, causing him to moan. Stopping again, she removed her bra and shook her chest to wiggle her tits, then slid her panties off. She nearly handed them to him but decided against that, not wanting to throw too much him at once. 

Louis' eyes widened. 

Lonnie's mouth returned to his cock, which she augmented by grabbing and jerking with her hand. A few minutes later, she halted once more. "It's time you got naked." 

Now his eyes nearly popped out of their sockets. But he made no effort to comply. 

She nodded her head as a gesture for him to do what she said. 

Slowly standing, Louis undressed as though he was in a doctor's office preparing for a rectal exam. When he finally stood before her totally nude, she was extremely pleased with what she saw. "Well, you positively do not have the body of a—" she made finger quotes "—nerd." 

That seemed to relax him a little. She patted the seat next to her. He sat kind of slumped, so she got on her knees, stooped over and went back to enjoying him orally. To her surprise and satisfaction, Louis reached over and placed his arm and hand on her back close to her ass 

"That's it," she said, pleased. "Now, come for me." And she stepped up her blowjob. She thought he might orgasm quickly just from the excitement of being with her and what they had done so far. But he didn't. She took a quick look at his face. He was in deep concentration. She wondered if he was just nervous. She'd seen it in young guys before; all hot to trot except when it came time to perform. But there was one trick that generally got them: she deep-throated him and fondled his balls. Each time she went down, she held him in her throat a little longer using her throat and neck muscles to milk him. 

Finally, he began to tense up and she knew he was there. In fact, she almost choked because she didn't back out quick enough. He blasted her throat and mouth . . . and he kept coming. Not only was his climax explosive, but he ejaculated the proverbial buckets. Lonnie couldn't swallow it all. She couldn't remember ever not being able to swallow it all—unless she just didn't want to. 

When, at last, he was expended, she looked up at him, semen dripping down her chin and neck, the look of disbelief on his face was almost priceless. To be sure, she asked, "You okay?" 

Louis nodded slowly, in a trance. 

"Louis?" 

He shook his head as though angry with himself for what he'd done. Then he explained, "I don't know what is more astonishing: that a famous porn star just gave be an unbelievable blowjob, or that I did all that." He gestured to the mess on her face, which she had made no attempt to clean up. 
