 Louis sat at a corner, out of the way table where he could watch anyone coming and going. It was early. He'd been back home a day, but hadn't had the courage to visit his grandmother to tell her his decision, not to mention that flying for half the night had worn him out; particularly since he hadn't been able to sleep on the plane. He had intended to talk to Lonnie after Chrissy fell asleep, but when he went to look for her, he'd found her in a hot and heavy fivesome with two other girls and two guys. He knew he had no right to, but he felt very angry and jealous. So, he decided to depart. 

Once back in his hometown, he'd slept at home in his own bed for most of the day and half the night. Knowing he had to tough it up, he arose, showered—finally washing off the remnants of his time with Chrissy, which might have turned out to be the best part of the entire trip—and came to the old diner for a late breakfast before going to see his grandmother. 

However, sitting alone in this empty diner at ten a.m. in the morning, where he'd first met Vermeil Chaleur, a.k.a. Lonnie Carter, brought with it a myriad of confusing thoughts. His life had always been fairly simple: go to school, be harassed by the so-called "cool" kids, have hardly any friends, take care of his grandmother, and manage to get in some porn as much as he could. He'd done more in the last four days with Lonnie than he had done in his entire life before; not just the sex, but everything. Now, he had doubts about whether he had acted too harshly. Did he really want to give all of that up to return to this mundane life? 

On the other hand, wasn't being paid to have sex a form of prostitution? How demeaning was that? Regardless of the lifestyle it offered, could it be argued that in any job you sold yourself for money? Because it was sex, did that make it any different? Or was that merely a societal belief? 

Louis was giving himself a headache. What would life back in home town bring? More harassment by his former classmates? He'd have to find a job. Where? In a— 

"Can I get you something?" 

Looking up, Louis was rendered speechless by the waitress who stood before him. She was beautiful! She looked hot in a clean, white, somewhat see-through, tight-fitting old-time waitress dress: short, button-up-the-front, some of the top buttons undone to show cleavage . . . and if that wasn't enough, she was . . . Angela! He remembered the last time he saw her several days ago, the last day of school when she wrote something unkind in his yearbook. It was also here in the diner. What was she doing working here? That was turning out to be a memorable day—not necessarily for the best of reasons. And she obviously didn't recognize him with his new haircut, clothes and no glasses. 

"Oh, my!" she said, bringing her hand up to her mouth. "You're . . . I just saw you—" then she strangely clammed up, almost embarrassed. 

Or maybe she did recognize him. "Saw me where?" 

"Uh, uh—" 

"Please. Where do you remember me from?" Did she really recognize him? Surely the haircut, clothes and no glasses couldn't be that great a disguise. 

Angela took a deep breath. "In a movie." 

"A movie?" Louis questioned, to make certain she wasn't thinking he was someone else. Also, it wouldn't surprise him that Lonnie had released all or part of it on the internet. 

"Y-yes," she answered hesitantly. 

"Where?" 

"On the internet. It was . . . this is embarrassing." 

"Why?" 

"It was a . . . a . . . p-porno movie." 

"Why are you embarrassed to say that?" 

"You're not from here, are you? Small town like this, folks don't think too much of people who watch that stuff. Particularly females." 

He nodded. "Did you like it?" 

Again, hesitant, Angela finally stammered, "Yes." 

"Are you ashamed to admit you like porno?" 

"Was that really you?" 

"Which scene was it?" 

"Uh, with Carly Saunders." 

"Yeah, that was me." 

"Well then, I guess I shouldn't be embarrassed to admit I like porn to someone like you, who is in X-rated movies." 

"Would you like to sit?" Louis was enjoying this. She really thought he was somebody. What would she do if she knew who he really was? 

"Can't. I'm working." 

He made a show of glancing around the small diner. "There's no one else here." 

"Well, maybe for just a minute," she relented, now seemingly eager to talk to him. "I'm Angela." 

"Rob," Louis answered, half of his surname quickly occurring to him as an alias. 

"I've never met a real porn star before." 

Louis wanted to burst out laughing. Here she was acting like this little small town country bumpkin when all through high school she fancied herself this all-American girl, big cheerleader, popular with all the guys. "I put my pants on one leg at a time." 

"When you put them on," she quipped nervously. 

"Making those movies is not as much fun as you might think it is. A lot of stopping and starting. When the director calls cut, you have to stop in place." 

"But you get to have sex with hot women. The girls get to have sex with hot guys. I wouldn't mind trying it." 

"So you like having sex?" Louis deduced. 

Angela hung her head. "It's why I'm so popular with all the guys." There was sadness in her tone, perhaps even regret. 

"Any of them any good?" 

"Not like you. Or at least what I saw in the video." 

"So, you'd like to have sex with me?" Louis was so enjoying this. 

"Of course!" she said with a big smile." 

The girl of his high school dreams could be his with a wave of his hand. Could he really do that to her? Be deceptive? Still, he was enjoying this too much. "You and I are not all that different, you know." 

"I find that hard to believe." 

"I'm from a small town also," Louis stated, similar to what Lonnie had told him. 

"That's really hard to believe." 

"Everybody's got to be from somewhere." Those were also Lonnie's words. 

Angela merely shrugged, then leaned closer. "I get—" 

But before she could finish, in walked two jocks and two girls that were all part of the clique that used to (probably still would if he stayed here) hassle him. It was about to get interesting. Mike, Angela's sometimes boyfriend, approached. 

"Hey, Angie baby, what's up?" 

"Mike, guys, come see who's here." 

The group clamored around Louis' table. 

"Anybody recognize him?" Angela asked. She stood beside Louis and put her arm around his shoulder as though she had first claim to him. 

"That's the dude from the movie last night," one of the girls said excitedly. "Hey, is your cock really that big?" she stupidly asked. 

Louis merely shook his head in stupefaction. 

The others all mumbled something. 

"Dude, what are you doing in a place like this?" Mike asked. 

"I'm not sure," Louis replied, intentionally vague. He could see in Mike's eyes that he did not care for Angela's attention to him. To add insult, Louis reached up and put his arm around Angela's waist making certain his hand was touching her ass. 

"We're all headed to the beach," Mike said. "We'll wait for you." 

"You guys go ahead," Angela told them. "Still a while before I get off. I'll catch up with you later." 

Giving Louis the evil eye, Mike was not quick to move. 

"Go on, guys," Angela urged. "Unless you're going to eat, I'll get in trouble if you just hang around." 

"Okay," Mike reluctantly agreed. "But don't be long." 

"I'm not your girlfriend. I'll be there when I get there." After they were gone, Angela explained, "The beach is really just a short stretch of sand on a secluded lake on private property. The owner is a friend of Mike's dad and lets us go there. It's really just a place for us to go and get naked and fool around." 

Louis nodded. Of course, he knew about the "lake." "So, does everybody pair off? Are you and Mike—" 

"He's not my boyfriend, although he thinks he is. But he screws the other girls and I screw the other guys. It's almost like an orgy." 

"Almost?" 

"Well, I've never done a real orgy. Not sure what one really is. Have you ever done one?" 

"Oh, sure," Louis said as if it happened all the time, milking this for all it was worth. "Was at one just a couple of nights ago in L.A." 

"Really? Tell me about it." 

"We finished shooting the movie you saw and had a party," Louis said. "Everybody was fucking everybody." 

Angela's eyes lit up. "Before the others came in, I started to say that I get off in a few minutes. Would you like to go somewhere?" 

"You told the others you didn't get off for a while." 

With a wicked smirk, she said, "Well, I was kinda hoping you and I could get together." 

Louis had an instant debate with himself about the urgency of seeing his grandmother versus fucking the girl he had a crush on and the dishonesty of doing it under false pretenses. Would fucking Angela without her knowing who he was be as sweet? But he also realized that that was the only way it was likely to happen, so he'd deal with any conscience issues later. "What did you have in mind?" 

"Maybe we could go somewhere." 

"Like?" He wondered if she was really that naive to not know he was toying with her. 

"I don't know. Maybe I could audition for you." 

"Audition?" 

"Maybe if you thought I was good enough, you could put me in one of your movies." 

"You want to do porn?" 

"I want to get out of here. I like having sex. One could be my ticket to the other." 

"Then, why are you working here?" Louis asked, wanting to know anyway. 

"I don't really have the means to go to college right now, particularly since my grades weren't all that good." He could hear the regret. "Just saving up to get out of here." 

Louis nodded his understanding. 

"Are you staying at the hotel?" 

There was only one in town. To call it a hotel was kind. Louis thought quickly. He couldn't take her to his grandmother's house. That would identify him. Other possibilities ran through his mind. He remembered where Lonnie hid a key to her mother's house. Maybe she wouldn't mind. Maybe she wouldn't know. "I'm actually staying at someone's house." 

"Oh." Angela's mood instantly deflated. 

"Alone." 

Her smile lit up again. "Then let's go there." 

"Yes. Let's." He hoped Angela didn't know whose house it was. 

It was a short walk. But she did. "This is Mrs. Carter's house." 

Somewhat prepared, Louis asked, "Who?" 

"Mrs. Carter. She used to work at the diner. She's in an assisted living facility here in town. Her daughter, Lonnie, owns the diner and was nice enough to give me a job here. Do you know her?" 

Containing his surprise, Louis said, "Uh, friend of a friend. Do you know her?" 

"No. I just talked to her on the phone." 

Louis secretly breathed his relief, but also wondered why Lonnie never mentioned she owned the place. 

He quickly found the key and let them in. Once inside, Angela's demeanor seemed to change instantly. She became sultry, her gait turning into a teasing sway. She pivoted tauntingly toward him and asked, "So, now that you've got me here, what are you going to do with me?" 

"Does your mother know where you are, what you've come here for?" Louis asked in kind. "What will she think of you?" 

"She'd think I was a bad girl." 

"You like being a bad girl, don't you?" 

"I am a bad girl. What are you going to do about it?" she challenged. 

"Bad girls must be punished. Maybe you need to be spanked." 

Angela's eyes lit up. "Ooh, yeah," she purred, "I like to be spanked." 

"Well, then maybe we need to take care of that," Louis suggested, leading her into the nearest bedroom directly to the bed. Bending her over it, he ordered, "Assume the position." 

She did. 

"Ready?" 

"Wait." With a wicked grin, Angela lifted the bottom of her dress and pulled her panties down and kicked them off. With her dress still raised, she hiked one leg up resting her knee on the bed, her ass exposed. "Ready." She grimaced in anticipation of a sting. 

But as they were being playful, Louis just tapped her a couple of times. Angela pretended as though it hurt, so he gently rubbed her soft cheeks. 

Now, she stood. "That wasn't much of a punishment. I'm still feeling like a bad girl." 

"Oh, you are, are you?" Louis stepped closer to her and ran his hand up her leg to her pussy. He rubbed it a bit, feeling moisture. Pulling her to him, he put his arms around her waist, lifted her dress and grabbed her bare buttocks. He gave each another love tap. 

"Ooh!" she giggled. "Spank me again!" 

Louis was playing along, but he wondered if she really liked it rough or was just toying with him. Still, he pushed her down onto the bed and gave her another swat on her butt. Again, she giggled. Soothingly, he rubbed her ass once more. She twisted her trunk onto its side. He slid his hand up to cup her nicely rounded breast, marveling over the fact that he was actually engaged in this activity with the girl of his dreams. He leaned in to kiss her. 

"Oh, yeah," Angela cooed. "Make me a bad girl." 

Louis eased down to kiss her ass—which she had told him to do many times during school. Little did either know . . . 

Angela spread her legs a little farther apart allowing Louis' tongue to reach her ever dampening pussy. "Oh, yeah!" she cried. 

So, he turned her completely onto her back spreading her thighs and attacked her vagina with his mouth. It wasn't as tasty as Lonnie's or Chrissy's or even Carly's, but it was Angela. 

She moaned her pleasure. "You really are good at this." 

"Mmmmhmmm." 

While he was driving her crazy with his tongue, Angela undid the top of her dress. She stopped him long enough to sit up, pull the garment off her shoulders and remove her bra. Cupping her own tits and pulling her nipples, she asked, "What do you think of these?" 

"Verrrrry nice," he complimented, although again, they weren't as nice as Chrissy's and certainly not the caliber of Lonnie's or Carly's. But once more, they were Angela's, so he fondled them, squeezed her nipples, kissed her tits and sucked on the nipples. 

She moaned her pleasure and Louis wondered if it was because he was that much better than her jerky boyfriends or the mental stigma that she thought a porn star was doing this to her. He gave her a passionate kiss on her mouth again, and then returned to her pussy. She held her head up in her hand so she could see, and with the other hand, she cupped his head and held it firmly against her pussy. 

"I can't believe I'm actually with a porn star!" 

"Well, here's something very porn-like," Louis said, having seen it in a movie himself. He brought her legs together and turned them to one side so that only her pussy and asshole were exposed. He thought about really giving her the treatment by licking her anus, but shied away from that not knowing about her hygiene. Instead, he slid a finger in her pussy and finger fucked her. Adding another finger caused her to throw her head back in pleasure. After a minute of this, he decided it was time to get down to business. 

Louis undid and removed his pants and underwear, and then climbed onto the bed laying on his back with his head propped up on pillows. He had a good hard on so he held his cock straight up to make it appear even larger. 

"Oh, wow! Look at that thing!" Angela quickly stood and removed her dress entirely, and then jumped on the bed between Louis' legs. She couldn't grab his cock and shove it in her mouth fast enough. She dribbled some saliva on it and then bobbed up and down. To his surprise, she was actually pretty good. And she really got into it as though she was desperately trying to impress him. If nothing else, she could be a good fluffer. 

Louis rotated her around so they could do a sixty-nine. It worked for a minute, but it was an awkward position, so she rotated again. 

"I want you to really fuck me." And with that, she positioned her pussy directly over his cock, grabbed hold of it and guided it inside her. A moan/cry type of sound seeped through her lips as she sank to the hilt. "I've never had anything this big in me before. I may split apart!" 

He chuckled. 

She just sat there as though adjusting to his size. Then she started bouncing and he raised his hips to meet her thrusts. She leaned forward slapping his face with her tits. He grabbed her ass cheeks and held on as she rode him harder and faster. She continually changed up, sliding around in a circle instead of going up and down, gliding forward and back, and then, strangely, without extracting herself, she turned completely around, his cock never leaving the warm embrace of her steaming pussy. Now she went up and down again, riding a bucking bronco, emitting pleasurable sounds in accompaniment. When Louis started thrusting, she held herself still, allowing him to really pound her. He reached around and rubbed her clit and alternated playing with her breasts. 

The sounds she was making suggested she was delirious. From what he could see her eyes were shut tight. Then her whimpering accelerated becoming more high-pitched, and seconds later, she came in a shuddering orgasm. 

Louis allowed her a minute or so to come down before moving her off of him and getting off of the bed. He pulled her onto the floor also and bent her over the bed to take her from the rear. But before he could begin, they were jolted when the there was a loud rap on the door. Louis jumped into some pants and headed for the door, fretting who it could be. The house was old and there was no peep hole, nor could he see who it was through the window. He opened the door only enough to see and it was not whom he anticipated. 

"Where's Angela?" Mike asked with a hint of aggravation. He was backed up by the other guy and two girls. 

"Who is it, Rob?" Angela asked, stepping up behind him, having slipped on only her waitress dress and then only buttoning enough buttons to be somewhat decent, but sexy as all hell. 

"Angela?" Mike bellowed, pushing the door open and barging in. When he saw her, he nearly came unglued. "What the fuck are you doing?" 

"That's exactly what we were doing," she retorted defiantly. "What are you guys doing here?" 

"You fucking whore! When I saw you hanging all over this guy, I didn't think you'd be working." 

"Who the hell do you think you are? I'm not your girlfriend," Angela promptly told him. 

"And you don't have near what he has between your legs." 

The others giggled at the put-down. But it infuriated Mike, who looked ready to tear Louis' head off. 

At that moment, another group of people entered. The former high schoolers turned to watch five beautiful women walk in. All were dressed in business dresses that showed off all of their curves, cleavages and legs in a very tasteful way. 

"There you are, Louis," Lonnie said, approaching the group. "Is there a problem here?" 

"Louis, I wish you wouldn't go off without telling us," Carly mockingly scolded. 

"Louis?" Angela repeated in disbelief. "You said your name was Rob." Her mind went to work. "Louis Rob . . . oh, my, now I recognize you. You're Louis Robbins." The distaste in her tone was clear. 

"That's right," he said proudly. 

"Oh, no! I just fucked Louis Robbins." The shock on her face was instant and complete. Angela studied his face for a moment. "The Louis Robbins I know would never have been capable of doing what I saw you do on screen." 

"And yet," Louis said, "we just did it. You think a different haircut and clothes and no glasses make me a different person?" 
