 It had been a couple of weeks since I'd seen her last. Often I thought about our last encounter and if she would ever speak to me again. I was strangely attracted to her, more so than any girl I've been with in quite some time. She had this magnetism to her, this playful, sassy attitude that wasn't snobbish or overt, but rather sexy and subtle and made you want to get to know her more.

The last time I saw her we happened to meet in the same Irish bar we were in now. I met her randomly through another woman I'd met there a few weeks prior. Just by chance she had come up to talk to her friend and we were introduced. That was two Saturdays ago.

Immediately I was drawn in. She was absolutely gorgeous, even in the dark light of the bar. I guessed she was in her late twenties to early thirties. She had wavy, sandy blond hair that was layered just to the top of her exposed, defined shoulders. She sported that sexy indentation between her clavicle and shoulder that made you want to bury your lips in it and kiss up the side of her neck. 

The short-sleeved top she wore was black and sheer that gathered just below her perfectly rounded breasts, showing off enough tanned cleavage that was sprinkled with those ever so feminine freckles here and there. She held her shoulders back and chest out proud, with her soft face cocked at a mischievous angle. 

Her playful, cat-like eyes were what drew me in the most. Perfectly spaced over her high cheekbones and Cheshire grin, they sliced through the smoke and darkness as they met mine and we shook hands. 

"Hi, I'm Jessica," she said with a wide grin. I saw her quickly glance me over from head to toe and then resume eye contact, her smile never fading. 

"Mike," I said, forcing myself to not glance at her breasts and holding her hand a little longer than usual, on purpose. "Pleasure to meet you."

She had already had a few vodka drinks in her and was being very playful. We began talking about ourselves and before we knew it, we found out we had much more in common than we thought. Both of us were recently separated from a failed marriage and were slowly trying to make our way back into the single world. She had a very easy way about her and began to open up to me ever so slightly.

We shared details about our marriages, what went wrong with them, how it seemed to drag on forever when in reality we were both only married for about two years. I was with someone I wasn't in love with and who wasn't being a good partner. Jessica was in the same boat, except her case was a little more severe than mine, with her husband not putting forth any effort at all and leaving it to her to shoulder the responsibility of keeping things together. I could tell it had worn on her, noting the look of exhaustion in her eyes. She seemed so sweet and determined to make things work out, but in the end she had to make the decision to cut her losses and move on before she was dragged deeper and deeper into a situation in which she was not happy at all. Right now she just wanted to try to forget about the whole ordeal and focus on something that had been missing in her life for the past two years.

As the night wore on, we drank more, talked more, become much more friendly, and a definite spark had been ignited. She would find reasons to touch me randomly, a slight brush of her hand on my arm, pressing her hip to mine as she talked in my ear over the band, a squeeze of my wrist. I couldn't believe that she had been neglected for so long, someone has fun and beautiful as she was. Her thirst for human contact was subtle, yet obvious and I wanted to be the one she turned to.

After some time, Jessica pulled me aside and said she had something important to tell me. Immediately I could tell a change of mood in her as her expression went from soft and playful to serious. She crossed her arms and kind of pulled away from me and told me she had a two year old daughter. As soon as she told me this, she looked away and said I could run now if I wanted to. I wanted to do nothing but kiss her as hard as I could right then and there. 

I put my arm around her and told her I didn't mind at all, that I had had a stepdaughter in my marriage. She still looked at me warily, bracing herself in case I told her that I wasn't interested anymore because she had a kid. She wasn't self-conscious about having a daughter, she was just wondering if it would scare me away. So I reassured her it wasn't a problem at all and gave her a quick kiss on her warm cheek. She sighed and seemed glad that I was still there, and she eased her cheek into my kiss and smiled.

Not too long after, the drinks had been flowing pretty steadily and I was beginning to feel the effects of way too much vodka. My stomach began to churn and I knew I had had too much. This posed a severe problem, because by this time, we had exchanged several quick but passionate kisses at the bar, and were now heading hand in hand to a cab. 

I knew there was no way I was going to be able to go home with her as sick as I was feeling. I was pissed for allowing myself to get in this condition because all night long I knew how the evening was going to end, I wanted her so bad. 

When we got outside to the waiting line of cabs, I hugged her, kissed her again, put her in a cab and wished her a good night. The stunned look on her face sent a thousand daggers to my heart as she was expecting the same thing I was. However, I was too embarrassed to tell her I was feeling sick. Looking back on it now, I wish I would have. 

I never thought for one second what was going through her mind until later the next day, and it sickened me even more. It dawned on me that she thought I sent her home alone because she had a child, and it absolutely crushed me. The expression on her face as the cab pulled away with only her in it was one that would stay with me until I saw her again two weeks later, on this night.

Jessica had been on my mind every day since that night. I was out of town the next two weekends and was unable to go out and find her to set things right. I really wanted to see her again and let her know why I went home alone that night. I got to the bar a little early with my roommate and we began our usual jager bombs to start the night off right. However, I was going to make sure not to have too much this evening, in case I ran in to her again.

A few hours passed by and I was beginning to think I wouldn't see her. I began making my way through the crowd to the bathroom, I thought I heard someone call my name. I'd been scanning the entire place since I'd gotten there looking for her, so I turned immediately and saw Jessica leaving the bathroom, passing the other direction with a huge, beautiful smile on her face.

"Hi!," she said over the crowd. "How I are you?"

"Great," I answered, thrilled to death I found her. She was still moving away from me with the crowd.

"Good to see you again. Maybe you should stick around," she said with a wink and that sexy little expression of hers.

"Maybe I will," I said catching her grin and returning her inviting smile.

By then we'd been separated by the crowd and I was in the bathroom. I hurriedly finished and washed up and dashed back out to find her. She was at the same bar up front with her friends where we'd met two weeks prior, grin still plastered across her face. My roommate was already talking up one of her friends. I was thrilled that she didn't seem angry with me.

"There you are," I said, walking up to them. "I was wondering if I was going to see you again."

"I know, you've been missing in action the past few weeks. Where ya been?"

I was ecstatic that she had noticed I was gone. That meant she was looking for me too and it made me feel great.

"I flew home to visit the family and then had to fly out for a trade show the next weekend. You know how it is."

"Yeah I do. Well it's good to see you again," she said.

"It's very good to see you too, Jessica" and I gave her a brief hug and kiss on the cheek. I'd thought about her so much while I was gone, I needed some sort of physical contact with her. As I leaned in for the hug, I inhaled her completely. She smelled of flowers and perfume and a light sweetness I could almost taste. 

I wanted to immediately tell her what happened the last time we were together, but I decided to take it slow.

"So how is you're little girl?" Her mood changed so fast from happy and cheerful to cold and resentful that I was taken aback.

"Don't you ask about my little girl," she said and looked away. I was stunned. I didn't know what to say.

"I'm sorry. You told me about her the last time we were together. Remember?" I kept trying to see if she was playing with me or not, but her glance gave every indication she was not happy.

"She's doing fine. That's all," was the reply I got, with her still looking away.

I had to say something at this point. I knew she was hurting from thinking I let her go because of her kid and I needed to let her know it was a big misunderstanding.

"Jessica, listen." She turned and looked at me, taking a sip of her vodka drink. "The last time I saw you, I had such a great time with you. I thought we hit it off well. But when we were leaving, I..." 

"Stop," she said. "It's okay." I could tell she was feeling disappointed.

"No, you don't understand. I put you in that cab and left because I was sick. Do you remember buying me that huge drink right before we left? You wanted to leave almost immediately after getting them so I chugged mine. I was feeling so bad I knew there was no way I could go home with you."

Her expression began to change slightly and she looked at me with a cautious stare.

"Are you serious?" 

"Yes I'm serious! I wanted to go home with you so bad but I was not feeling good at all."

She looked at me straight on now. "I thought you were leaving me because I had a daughter," she exclaimed.

"I know, I know you did. And it's been eating at me for the past two weeks now. I didn't get your number before you left and it's all I've been thinking about. It has bothered me to no end because I enjoyed being with you so much that night and I didn't get to tell you the truth. I was embarrassed because I got sick. I just went home and crashed and I didn't realize until the next day what you must have been thinking. I am so sorry."

Her eyes lit up and that gorgeous smile began to creep back across her face. I put my hand on her waist, pulled her close to me and whispered in her ear. "I don't care if you have a child or three for that matter. I had a great time with you, and I'd love to finish what we started that night." I gave her a long kiss on her neck right below her ear. She exhaled and bent her head towards mine and pulled my head closer to hers.

"Well, then lets get out of here."

I pulled back and looked at her and saw a raw hunger in her eyes that spoke volumes. I don't think I've ever closed a tab so fast before. I grabbed Jessica's hand and led her back out front to the waiting line of cabs. Opening the door for her, I caught a glimpse of her black thong poking out from her jeans as she got in and I gave her a quick smack on her tight ass. She looked back at me with the evilest grin and winked.

"Take 14th to Lakeland and make a right," she barked to the driver. As we pulled away, she slid right up next to me and put her hand on my leg just above my knee and squeezed. It sent shock waves up my leg. Instinctively I put my arm around her neck and pulled her closer to me. She turned and began softly kissing my jaw and upper neck. 

I could feel her body getting warmer as she progressed. With one swift motion, she threw her knee over my lap and strattled me in the cab. She grabbed my face in both her hands and began kissing me hard, as if she hadn't been kissed in a really long time, which I knew she hadn't. Her tongue explored my mouth with an urgency and she playfully sucked on my lower lip.

I slid my hands over her perfectly taught ass and up her hips, pulling her into me harder and kissed her back. In the rear view I could see expressionless face of the cab driver. I guess he had seen his share of over-served customers making out in his back seat.

Jessica thrust herself harder against the growing bulge in my jeans. I knew she could feel it. She reached down and adjusted my cock so that she could feel the fullness of it against her. She let out a soft sigh as she grinded slowly against me.

Finally making it to her home, I threw the cabbie a ten and we stumbled towards her door and walked inside.

"Shhh," she said. "I have to pay the babysitter first. Go in there and wait for me." She pointed towards the living room and I obeyed, after briefly saying hello to the sitter.

Jessica took her into the office and I could hear mumbling and papers being shuffled. She had a beautiful home, a spacious living room and I took a seat on the couch. After a few minutes she emerged from the office, said goodbye to the sitter and shut and locked the door.

I stood up and walked towards her and met her halfway across the living room. I grabbed her with both my arms and pulled her as tight to me as I could. She felt so small in my grasp. I ran my hands up and down the length of her back. I gripped her ass and lifted her slightly, pulling her up and towards me some more. She kissed me fervently and sucked on my tongue. I left her soft, hot lips and made my way down the side of her neck and directly to her shoulders where I kissed and sucked and bit slightly. She let out a half sigh and pulled away.

"Come on, lets go upstairs. Now." We turned off all the lights and started to make our way upstairs.

We both were a little drunk and were trying to be as quiet as possible. She led the way up the stairs and I held on to on of her belt loops, exposing her thong again and the top of her ass.

Barely making it inside her room, we tore at each other again. Jessica immediately began removing her shirt and I helped lift it over her head. As soon as it was gone our lips found each other again. She tasted so wonderful. I looked down at her as I began unbuttoning her jeans. Her breasts were held firmly in place by a black lace bra. I buried my face in her perfect cleavage and began and kissing her breasts lightly. She let out a soft moan and pulled my head deeper into her cleavage, running her fingers through my hair.

I unzipped her jeans and ran my thumbs around the waistband and began to lower them. Her ass was so tight and perfect, she had to wriggle a little, shifting her hips from side to side, so I could get them over her cheeks. As they hit the floor in a halo around her feet I looked at her for a long time, soaking her gorgeous body in. Her body was absolutely mesmerizing. She had on a matching black lace thong that barely covered her. It had thin spaghetti straps that dug into her hips as they disappeared behind her into a T-back. 

I couldn't wait any longer. The look on her face said everything I already knew. She was desperate to love and be loved. She had been neglected for so long, every time I touched her she jumped a little as if it was the first time. For so long she had not been taken care of by the one person who had promised to do so. Jessica had so much to give and no one to take it. Not anymore. She had so much energy coursing through her that she was almost shaking. 

I pulled her body to mine and we fell on her king size bed together. My hands roamed her entire body as we kissed passionately. She was breathing heavily and tearing at my belt and jeans. I reached down and helped her, kicking them off the bed and climbed on top of her. I was almost tearing through my boxers at this point.

She opened her legs for me to lay between them and then wrapped them around my waist. I pressed my fully hard cock against her warm center and could feel her heat radiating out. She gasped a little as I slowly began to rub my erection on her through her panties. I made my way down to her breast, her nipples poking straight through the black lace. Slowly I pulled the material to the side and began making gentle circles around her nipple with my tongue. 

She threw her head back and moaned gently as I sucked on her nipple until it was standing straight out. I deftly slid my hand under her back and with one snap unclasped her bra. She sat up a bit and shifted her shoulders out of it and took her breasts in her own hands, pushing them together as she licked her lips.

I made my way slowly down into her cleavage and up on to her other nipple as I squeezed the first on, still wet and slick from my mouth.

"Oh my god, I think my nipples are directly connected to my vagina," she said with a smile, eyes still closed. She began rubbing her warm, panty-clad center up and down my shaft as I teased her nipples some more.

Finally she couldn't take it anymore. She thrust her hips up in the air and slid her panties off. As she pressed her warm pussy against me, I could feel her wetness soak my boxers and her warmth radiate over my cock. I reached down and pushed my boxers down to my ankles and kicked them off. Almost immediately she reached down and grabbed me fully with both hands.

"Damn, you're huge. Do you know how big you are?" she said breathlessly. She tried to put me inside her, but I backed off, just rubbing my tip along her hot sex, up and down, as she moaned and tried to scoot down so I would enter her.

"Not yet, baby," I said. "I have plans for you." She giggled a little, still writhing underneath me.

I began kissing her stomach, making slow circles around her belly button until I made my way to the top of her pubic hair, which was trimmed nicely in a one-inch strip. I kissed her lightly in the very corner of her leg, making sure not to get to close to her sex just yet. She arched her back slightly and let out a deep breath as I kissed slowly up her inner thigh.

I rubbed my hands softly over her flat tummy, which was already starting to bead with sweat. Bringing my hands down, I placed them on opposite sides of her pussy, and drew them outward along her inner thighs.

She was so beautiful down there. Everything was small and neat and tucked nicely away like perfect little package. I could smell her sex and it made me harder than ever. I wanted to take her so bad, but my favorite part was just about to begin. I nibbled her a little more along her inner thighs and slowly made my way towards her warm center. She was jerking her ass and hips back and forth, as if begging to be fulfilled.


I lowered my face down and began outlining the outer folds of her soft lips with just the tip of my tongue. Instantly she let out a moan and reached her hips up farther for more. I spread her legs as wide as they would allow me to and softly kissed her around her opening. I traced my tongue lightly over the top of her creases which were already slick and warm with her juices. I gently kissed her clit, lightly flicking it with my tongue, then taking it into my mouth. "Oh God," she let out. "Oh my God that feels so good."

I sucked delicately on her clit and felt it swell in my mouth. Releasing it, I began to kiss all the way down her sweet folds to the bottom and then back to the top again. By this point she was so wet I couldn't take it anymore, and neither could she. 


I used my tongue to lick from bottom to top along her outer lips, on both sides separating her inner lips from the outer ones. She was so soft and delicate down there. I could tell this part of her hadn't been paid much attention to in quite some time, at least not by someone else.

She moaned again and continued to feed me herself by lifting her hips up towards me. I used my thumb and forefinger to spread her pink lips apart softly and began to kiss her on the inside. I put my entire mouth over her, pushed my tongue inside her and gave her the longest, deepest French kiss I could. She tasted so wonderful, it felt as if I could not get my tongue deep enough inside her to taste all of her. Her sweet juices ran down my chin. I licked the inside walls of her and up towards her clit. I took each lip in my mouth and kissed it separately, gently tugging at it until it pulled back and folded over, then I would do it again. 
