 I don't know exactly who's idea it was to do this, but, it was a damn good one. The air out here is so clean it almost hurts to take a deep breath. The colors seemed to come alive the further we got away from the city. Now that we're here, everything seems like a Kodachrome photograph. So sharp, so distinctive, so overwhelming. The sky is a blue that I swear I have never seen before. I look at it and I can honestly believe that space is just the other side of some thin veil up there and not that far away.

We set up the tent in a clearing just off the water's edge and, we found out later, just above a small spring creek. The sound of it splashing and gurgling toward the lake was so relaxing that it became a part of my reality. I'm going to miss it when we leave. As we finished setting up the tent, I turned and was greeted with a two orb sunset. The one just above the trees and the one just below them on the water. I called you over, stood behind you, wrapped my arms around your waist, put my head on you shoulder and savored all of the beauty that was around me. As I watched the two suns move toward one another I took your scent in and pulled you a little closer. I believe I could have stayed that way forever, but you pointed out, "Going to need some light soon fire fighter, why don't you go grab some wood."

"Sure thing." I kissed your cheek and head out, stealing occasional looks through trees as the balls of light disappeared and the orange pink glow began to fade.

I made it back to camp with as much wood as I could carry and found the ring of stones you'd laid out for the fire bed. I dropped the wood and went to work building the fire. Since I can't be simple about this process it took me about ten minutes to realize that you weren't with me. Once I got it lit, and made sure that it would stay that way, I called your name. I heard your return from down by the water. I walked down and heard the creek for the first time. 

I found you just above the water line with a blanket and supper laid out. We'd known that we wouldn't get here in time, or with the desire, to cook, so, per your usual good planning, we fixed supper at home and now it appeared we were ready to eat. Grilled chicken kabobs, roasted red potatoes and a salad. Yeah, we were roughing it. "You're too good to be real, you know that?" You looked up at me, smiled and said thanks. I sat beside you and just listened for a minute. There was a symphony playing around us and I was suddenly lost. The frogs, the toads, the creek and all the little bugs, each was doing it's own thing and yet it seemed that the night would not be complete if one was to suddenly stop. Nature's harmony never ceases to amaze me when I take the time to stop and let it.

We ate, talked, laughed and listened. At times we found ourselves whispering even though we were the only people around for miles. It almost felt like talking in church, you just know your supposed to be quiet despite your solitude and surroundings. 

The light from the fire that I built had dimmed somewhat and was casting a warm and flittering glow over you and I stopped to stare. I've always thought that you were beautiful, but there is something about the light from a fire that takes that beauty and adds a hint of mystery to a face that I know so well. My heart warmed and the world disappeared. I leaned toward you, held you in my hands and kissed you. I felt your lips against mine as we came together. I held you there just savoring the contact. Then contact and warmth became movement and the stirs of passion. I was aware of my lips becoming wet with the movement of yours and the ease with which they moved across each other only served to heighten those sensations. I pulled back, my eyes still closed, and tried to absorb the moment. You still take my breath away. Even after just a simple kiss, I almost felt overwhelmed at the thought of you.

I laid back, and that's when I saw them for the first time. Stars. Everywhere you looked in the sky were stars. The constellations were there, as always, but this was not the view from our back yard. All the gaps were filled in, you could not find a spot above that was not occupied by at least one star. The planets stood out even though surrounded by the masses of white dots. Mars was even more red. Jupiter and Saturn, bright, vibrant and in no way mistakable for stars. "Have you seen this?" I asked like a child making a new discovery. You lay next to me, looked up and said, "I was wondering how long it was going to take you to see them. Why do you think I put us down here?" I turned and kissed you again, "Thanks." Your smiled told me that I was welcome and that you were more than pleased with my enjoyment of the view. 

I put my hands under my head as my eyes moved slowly from horizon to horizon, trying to take it all in. I'm not usually at a loss for words, but this defied description. I lay there lost in the wonder above me and more in love with you for your thoughts of me and what it was that I would enjoy. That meant a lot to me. I felt you when you moved next to me and placed your head on my chest. I moved my arm and wrapped it around you, then I kissed the top of your head. "Thank you, thank you, thank you."

"For what?" You asked. "For this!" I said as I waved my hand across the sky. "Well, trust me, I didn't put them there, I just found them for you." I placed a finger under your chin, lifted your face to me and kissed you again. "I want to make love to you under these stars." I said. You looked into my eyes and replied, "I'd hoped you would."

I rolled and we met, side by side and facing each other. Our lips fell into a caress as my free hand stroked your cheek and hair. I removed the band that held your braid and tossed your hair in my fingers to release it. My hand was bathed in the warm silkiness as your locks fell free. I rolled toward you, moving you to your back. As you went down, I flipped your hair up with the hand that was under your head so that you were not laying on it and my mouth moved to your throat. I licked and kissed your neck, your jaw and up to your ear. Stopping there to play in it's folds and creases with my tongue. I sucked your lobe into my mouth, released it and then followed up the bone behind your ear with a series of kisses, sucks and licks. 

We started on each others buttons simultaneously. You, while pulling my head into you and me while moving my mouth slowly round your neck. As the fabric gave you access you brought both hands to my chest and I directed my kisses between your breasts as your shirt did the same. I pulled your shirt up from the waist, pausing long enough to undo your bra as I passed it. You put your arms over your head long enough to allow your shirt it's freedom and then they came down, over my shoulders, pushing my shirt down as they went. I raised up over you, tossed it aside and sent your bra flying after it. 

I paused to look at you. The fire light was still working it's magic as the cool night air worked a little magic of it's own. My skin came to life as a breeze blew in from the water. Even though it was against my back, the sensation was enough to bring my nipples to attention. The scar tissue on the one that I'd ripped as a child letting me know the moment that occurred. I bent to see if it had worked the same trick on you. I reached for your nipple with my tongue and found a wonderful taught nub awaiting my affections. I circled it slowly, looking into your eyes and then moved onto it, feeling it against my lips as I pulled it into my mouth. My lips surrounded it, sealed against your areola as I pulled you in and out of my mouth. I felt it as you stretched with the pulls and then came back as I released the tension. After a moment I held you there, my tongue lapping over your nipple. When I felt I had sufficiently warmed you, I released the seal and drew in a long slow breath. The small gasp that escaped your lips let me know that I had gotten the response that I had been wanting. I moved across you and lay next to you. I lifted your other breast to my mouth and slid my pursed lips over your other nipple. After a moment, I drew that in and held it as well. 

While my mouth was occupied with your breasts, I ran my hand down your stomach. I slid my finger tips up and down between your ribs and your waist, then I moved them from side to side. I paused at your belly button, circled it a time or two and then moved on. I undid your belt and then your jeans. The sound of your zipper echoed over the water but the locals didn't seem to notice. I moved myself straddle of your legs as I began to release you from your Levi's. My mouth moved down with me as I slowly peeled them from your body. I eased them over your hips, leaving your panties in place, and then I placed my hands against your flesh and pushed them down while caressing your legs in the same motion. As they passed your knees my mouth moved from thigh to thigh, kissing and tasting its way down. When I got them close to your feet I started to worry about your shoes, but there was no need. You had discarded them earlier, so I simple passed your jeans over your feet and tossed them aside. I reached up from your feet and hooked a finger in the waist band of your panties at each hip, removed them and discarded them as well. 

There you were, the light from the fire casting moving shadows down your body and again I was amazed. I felt as if I could just look at you for hours. Then your beauty stirred that part of me that brought me back, and I remembered why you were in the state you were in. I turned and sat between your feet. Made short work of my shoes and socks, then stood in front of you. I began to remove my belt when you stopped me. "Oh no you don't. You got the pleasure of removing my attire, now I get the same." With that you were up on your knees and I felt your hands at my waist. You left my undone belt in place and slowly popped each button on my 501's. With the light of the fire coming over your shoulder it became evident that I had neglected to put on any underwear before leaving the house. "Why fire fighter, your not fully dressed. Shame shame shame." With that you leaned in and began to kiss my lower stomach as you let my pants fall away. Your hands rose to my hips and then cautiously moved around my back and then began to caress my ass. I reached down and ran my fingers through your hair, loving the feel of it against my skin. I felt your nails as they were drug up and down my ass cheeks and a shiver ran up my back and straight through my cock. 

It twitched under your chin, having risen to the occasion simply from the pleasure I derived from undressing you. I can't say that you noticed it, but I felt it graze you and then a hand was on it, holding it against your face with your palm as fingers stroked its shaft. Your mouth moved along side it, kiss through that area that drives me crazy and then down beside my balls. I felt your hands move down the backs of my thighs and this was where they decided to stay. I looked down to watch you. (I love to see the enjoyment in your eyes as you bring me joy. Much the same way I love to watch your expressions as I pleasure you.) Your mouth was moving slightly back and forth over the large tendon in my crotch. Your tongue bolting out occasionally, lapping toward my ass and then bathing my balls. I was waiting for you to move on when you suddenly stopped, pulled back and told me, "Lie down." I obliged. 

I laid myself with my head toward the fire and then you climbed on top of me, your head toward the water. The scent of your pussy was intoxicating. The clean, crisp air served to amplify the aroma that I have come to know and love. I took you in through long deep draws, savoring every nuance with each breath. My hands slid up your thighs and over your supple ass as you eased yourself back toward my waiting mouth. 

You leaned down, took my dick in your hand and began to stroke it slowly and softly. You used only your finger tips, barely making contact. A sensation that made my balls crawl. I felt your breath against my crotch, then I felt your tongue. You pulled it slowly down from the base of my member toward and then over my nuts. They moved again. I took this as my cue to begin as well and placed my tongue on your outer lips. Dragging to and fro till I had covered its entire surface. I then moved to the other lip. I heard a small moan escape you and then, that moan became a, "Mmmmm" as you sucked my balls into your mouth. I could feel the vibrations of your utterances as they first surrounded, then penetrated my cods. I raised my head, pulled down on your bottom and buried my face in your sweet mound. 

That intoxicating scent now filled me. I knew no other fragrance, I became completely lost within you. I plunged my tongue into your wetness. I had added your taste to your scent, now I was truly lost. I pulled you back harder, lapping at your sweetness, trying to find the source of the flavor. I felt your nails take the place of your finger tips moving along the length of my dick. I felt you release my balls and temporarily drop your head to my thigh and try to breathe. Your breaths caused shivers as they moved across my sac. I felt them draw up, then I felt you lift up. 

The hand that had been caressing me, now took hold of me and began to stroke me. I felt that same breath suddenly surround the head of my dick. That air was replaced by the warmth and moisture of your mouth as I was drawn inside it. I had to lie back for a moment, the sensations here seemed more intense and I certainly was not about to miss a minute of this. I gathered myself and returned with fervor to your pussy. I parted your lips with my thumbs, held you open and rushed in. I licked, I sucked, I pulled and I poked. I removed my thumbs once I was well within you and allowed them to return to mauling and stoking your ass and thighs. I felt you begin to rock across my face, then I felt them same rhythm as your lips slid first down and then up my dick. I was being pulled and released at your whim, and, at the same time, you were adding to the fray with the undulations of your hips. I let you use my face as a hobby horse for a moment, then I grabbed you, held you in place and moved my lips to your clit. I didn't play with it, I pulled it into my mouth, held it for a moment as my tongue flicked at it, then I began to move it in and out rapidly between my teeth. This caused you pause and I felt you tense around my shaft. I felt a drawn out pull, completed as the head of my member popped from your lips. I was quickly returned to your passions as you matched the intensity with which I was sucking your clit. I added a thumb into your pussy to help with the feelings. I then eased a finger into your ass. These three together seemed to almost be too much. 

You released my cock several times and attempted to stroke it as you rushed to breathe. But you always returned with renewed fervor and energy. I felt as if you were about to pull me from my foundation. I felt your lips as they traveled down to my base, I felt your tongue dance around me as I moved inside you and I felt the back of your throat when my head reached it. I began to move my finger and thumb in and out of you in unison. I pressed them against one another, holding and rubbing you between them. This seemed to work wonders for you, so much so, that your rocking increased, as did your pace on my dick. I released your clit from my mouth when my head couldn't keep pace with your hips. I replaced it with the thumb from my other hand. I began to roll, press and mash it against your pubic bone. My mouth moved to your thigh which it sucked and licked. I moved my head from thigh to thigh and even occasionally lifted it to nip at your ass. 

I had fought my own orgasm as long as I could, I'd hoped that I could get you off with me, but now my own climax was imminent. I let my finger and thumbs fly as I laid back to await the rush. As I lay there I heard a change in the sounds as my thumb moved in and out of you. I felt your juices begin to drop onto my chest and I heard a steady, "Hhmm, hmm, hmm, hmm" begin come from you. Your head was flying up and down on my dick, my fingers were a blur moving in and over you and that's when we both locked in place. I thrust up toward you, burying myself in your throat as best I could. You pressed back, locking my head against the blanket as your flow gushed over me. I felt myself drive wad after wad of my load into your still pulling throat as wave after wave of your cum ran over me. I gathered myself as best and as quickly as I could in an attempt to drink you into me. I wanted every drop of that nectar and I pulled, sucked and lapped at it as best I could. You swallowed every dollop I had in me, making an already grand sensation all that more intense.

I lay there trying to breathe. I removed my digits from within you and started kissing your pussy. Little pecks, simply because, at the moment, I couldn't do anything else. I felt myself in your mouth. I felt your gentle pulls and prods of your tongue. I found my kisses beginning to linger, I found my tongue involved, licking up you slowly, and then kissing you again. Then I reached out to you and turned you back toward me, face to face with me and I kissed you. I held you underneath those stars, the one we never saw from home and I kissed you. You had consumed me and I you, yet there were remnants of both of us in our kiss. Our kiss was us, together as one. But I knew, and I think that you did too, that we weren't done.

I rolled your onto your back and we fell together. We melded in that way that only we do. For all of the spent energy, the return to passion was easy, powerful and complete. Yet somehow this was different. Even though our time together had just been as physically wonderful as it seemed it could possibly be, this was better. Being able to see you, feel you, caress you and be with you stirred not only the body, but the soul. This was us at our best, this was US. 

I began to move slowly in and out of you. Our mouths came together, your arms around me and onto my back. Mine, holding me just off of you while still allowing contact. I could feel your nipples as they brushed back and forth across my chest. I moved slowly, wanting to feel as every inch of me moved in and out of you. Our tongues and lips played with each other, teasing touches and slow caresses. The light from the fire continued to fade yet the cast it gave us on that shore only added to the intensity of the moment. I moved my mouth down your neck, wanting to give special attention your other sensitive areas. I paused on your throat, pulled that tender flesh into my mouth and relished in your taste. The light smoke from the fire added to the atmosphere. It gave off a scent that intensified how alone we were, how it was truly just us, almost as if we were in another time. 

I felt your hands move up my neck and into my hair. I felt your breath on my ear, then the pull of your lips on my lobe. We were moving in tandem, our rhythms in stride with one an other. I turned my head so I was looking over my shoulder as I savored the sensations we were generating. I noticed the moon had risen above the tree line and the eerie light that it brought to our scene. Then your hands were on my face, "Where'd you go?". "Just lost, no where in particular." I said. I looked down at you and wondered, why me? Just for a moment I couldn't and didn't understand, and then you smiled. That smile cut through to my soul and I just knew. I loved you and nothing else mattered. The why's didn't matter, now was all that mattered, you were all that mattered. 

"Kiss me and cum with me." You said. I questioned you for a minute with my eyes, then, well then I just trusted you. I leaned down and kissed you. A tender kiss, yet one that encompassed all of the passion and love that was inside both of us. Our bodies moved together. My arms moved under your thighs and held them up for full penetration as my mouth never left yours. We moved with one an other, we moved as one. Your hands roamed my back and arms, our tongues twitched and caressed each other. I felt you thrust up to meet me as I came down and I felt you tighten around me as we moved together. Our kiss was occasionally interrupted by your breath catching in your throat. And then I felt your hands on my ass. I felt you pull me harder into you. I felt your chest rising and falling with each increasingly deeper breath. Your mouth left my and the breaths became shorter and vocal. Your hands coax me into a faster and harder pace. My hips began to bounce off of you, my mouth pressed into your shoulder and I gasped for a breath of my own. 
