 She could feel the little chill bumps on her skin as she pulled the oversized TeXaS A&M jersey over her breast. All she wanted to do was get on the sofa with her blanket, sip on OJ, and sleep.

She made her nest and reached for the remote. As she flipped through a few channels, she knew she going to be asleep as soon as her head touched the pillow. She was right. She was not sure how long she had been asleep when she felt his lips lightly brushing across her forehead.

"Still feel yucky baby?" he asked as he took a strand of her hair and began to play with it.

She shifted her body under the warm blanket and replied, " Yes, and I am so glad I have a few days at home now to shake this cold. This is where you will find me. On this sofa, under this blanket ..."

As he placed his hand on her warm hand, he told her, " you do have a fever, guess I will get to take care of you. What can I get you?" He then stood and glanced back at the television. He reached for the remote that was on the end table to increase the volume. As he became involved with the television, she reached out and took some of the sweats he was wearing in her hand and began to pull them downward. That caught his attention, and he couldn't help but smile as she pulled the blanket back, scooted to the edge of the sofa and invited him in.

She began to doze as soon as he got behind her. His arm was under hers as he gently rested his strong hand on her diaphragm. During commercials he would listen to her breathing. He would touch her warm hands and think about how much she meant to him. He loved fussing over her. She always done the same with him. Her warm body seemed to melt into his as she stirred a little. As he looked down over her shoulder, his cock twitched at the sight of her hard nipple so visible under her jersey. The show he was watching on the television resumed, but he was having trouble keeping his eyes on the screen and not her nipple. Wanting to touch it was all he could think about. He knew how sensitive her nipples were. As he felt his cock twitch again, he began to rationalize his intentions.

"I want her to feel better," he thought to himself. He remembered their discussion about endorphins easing a headache. He chuckled under his breath as he thought about her claim to him, " I just LOVE them 'dorphins!'"

Without anymore hesitation, he began to make little circles in the palm of his hand against her hard nipple. Then he placed his arm over her breast so that he was gently teasing the other nipple as his arm rested on the other.

She felt a spark deep inside, behind her clit. She exhaled slowly, smiled with her eyes closed as he played. He rubbed, tugged and twisted her nipples for a good while. He could feel the weight of his cock hanging from his body. Gently, he pressed it against her backside. As he repositioned his arm under her head, she felt him press against her again. Feeling his breath on her neck, their breathing started in time with the other.

Sweet caresses was what she was feeling as she drifted off to sleep.

He began to slide his right hand down her curved body as he continued to fondle her nipple with the left hand. Feeling the swell of her hips caused an unexpected moan to escape him.

The sensations between her legs woke her. Lying so still, she felt his index finger tracing the elastic of her panties around her leg. His fingers were spread so that she could feel a finger along the slit. None to her surprise, it was slightly moist. Biting her bottom lip, she adjusted her leg to make his touching easier. His other hand was still working on her other breast, fingers still rolling her rock hard nipple. Her body all tingly. Slightly warm from her fever...slightly warm from his teasing. She felt his finger sink inside her pink. He pulled her closer the exact second he touched her there. As he held his finger so still in her warm body, he felt her hips begin to rock. They were in perfect timing. As he would tug at her nipple, she would slide down on his finger pushing it into her pink more. 

Then something else started. He began to rub his hard cock on her backside. Three points of contact in synch. His fingers on her nipple, his finger in her warm, wet pussy and his cock touching her ass. He felt her neckline starting to get wet as her body worked so hard inside to be pleased. She concentrated on that thick finger, teasing the walls of her pussy. She began to squeeze, then relax, squeeze, then relax. Their breathing quickened. She started to push her pussy up high on his finger. She felt him stabbing his cock into her backside as he tugged at her nipple. She begin to feel wetness on her back. It was precum ooozin from his cock. She could feel the wetness of his hand between her legs. She heard a gasp over her shoulder as he placed his leg over her, pulling her into his body and holding her tight. As he rubbed his throbbing cock against her cotton panties, he began to cum. Thrust after thrust in her pussy with his finger as his cock unloaded on her. Her raspy voice began to make panting sounds. He knew she was about to cum. Placing his thumb on her clit, he felt her pussy contract around his thick finger. It felt as if it was trying to suck him in. Her moans were so loud, so sensual with her raspy overtones.

He stayed behind her letting her slow her thrusting on his finger at her own pace. Her body still warm, the cum on her panties never cooled down. Pulling his arms around her tighter she stated, " You take such good care of me. That was nice."

He replied, " Sure was Baby. Now, feel like something to eat?"

She looked back over her shoulder at him with that satisfied smile and glassy eyes and said, " Uh uh...ever heard of 'starvin a cold and fuckin a fever?"

Raising his leg off of her, he removed his finger from her as she turned to him. Sliding down her warm body just enough for the head of his cock to touch her wet panties. He smiled and replied. " I think I can help you with that Baby. For medicinal purposes of course."

They continued to please each other all evening. Over and over they fucked her fever. As it would break, they would rest, only to start over again. 

By early morning they had fallen asleep holding each other. There skin damp and sticky. Smelling of sex. He began to stir as he heard her say, " Oh no...my fever is gone..."

As he rolled her onto her back spreading her legs with his body he replied, " Well ... there will just have to be some ongoing treatments then."

A sigh escaped her as she wrapped her legs around him.