 Author's Note: This story is a continuation of "Starting the Day Right Pt 1," so I'd recommend reading that first before reading this one. 

************

"What do you mean, 'your turn'?" Josh asked slowly, eyeing the loofah Kate held. He was still standing with his back to the shower, rivulets of water winding their way down his shoulders and chest.

Kate was feeling the pulsating after-effects of the intense orgasm she'd just experienced. Josh had used his hands and his tongue to bring her to a climax that was almost too powerful for it to be just eight in the morning. She was even now trying to recover from the surprise of their shower, and trying to regain her composure, acutely aware that what had just happened had been all about her. She had certainly loved it, but she didn't want to be the only one having all the fun. He had just licked her into an orgasm, completely unprompted, and she had been too surprised to do anything in return -- she had simply enjoyed it. Kate was trying to think of how to get equal footing back in the situation, but she really just had no idea. And when in doubt...bravado's a good substitute for composure, right?

"What do you think I mean?" Kate replied, giving him a half-smile and taking a small step closer to him, shortening the distance between their bodies. Ideas of what she could do started trickling through her mind.

"I think you shouldn't play around with threats," Josh said, his blue eyes locked onto her hazel ones. "I really do need to get to work, you know."

"Firstly, that was hardly a threat. And secondly, you seemed pretty unconcerned about work thirty seconds ago," Kate pointed out. She squeezed a little body wash onto the sponge and began gliding it down his shoulders. She could feel his muscles tighten underneath her touch, and saw his eyes close.

"Kate," Josh began, hesitating. He took a breath, "Honestly? I just couldn't resist, once I got into the shower with you. But I seriously never meant to start this -- I thought I was just going to shower and get out." He opened his eyes and looked off past her head, remembering. "But you just looked so good. And I'm not sure why, but in the beginning, when you thought you were alone, and I was in here watching you, it just...really turned me on." He paused, thinking. "Maybe it was because I was witnessing this incredibly private moment, and once you realized I was here, you let me stay, and share it with you."

He turned his eyes onto hers, giving her a sheepish expression. "Okay, I didn't explain that very well, but do you know what I mean?"

While he'd been speaking, Kate had been washing his upper chest and arms with the sponge. But as he'd continued, she'd slowed down her movements, until she stopped entirely. She found herself just looking at him, both hands curved around his shoulders, an unreadable look on her face. But at his question, she started back into reality. Her arms tightened around him, and her hands slid up to caress his neck.

"You know I love you, right?" Kate asked quietly, looking up at him. Josh smiled down at her.

"Yeah, baby, I know," he said, his smile becoming a grin as he kissed her pointedly on her nose. He leaned down so his forehead touched hers. Kate closed her eyes, letting the warm water rush over their bodies as they stood together in their own little time bubble, embracing.

"I love you, too," he whispered. Kate smiled, eyes still shut. She didn't respond to his words, though. Instead, her eyes snapped open, and she pulled away, simultaneously beginning to go over his body with the loofah, giving him a hasty but thorough wash. "Kate? You okay?" Josh asked, trying to find her eyes, the sudden change in her movements startling him. He wanted to know what she was thinking in this suddenly vulnerable interlude.

"Mhm," Kate, unexpectedly business-like, focused on getting his body cleaned as quickly as possible.

"What's going on?" He winced as the material of the sponge scrubbed at him. "And do you need to be so rough?"

Kate paused in the middle of washing his legs, and stood up to face him, arms crossed. She had told him she loved him, yes, but what she wanted to say was just how much she loved him, right then, right there. His eyes unbelievably clear from the water; his lips pressed together in confusion; the line of his brow furrowed in concentration -- she loved all of it.

She didn't know how to put the thoughts into words, but maybe she could show him. Just...outside of the bathroom. Making up her mind, she took charge of the situation, hoping he would understand her need to be in control right now.

"Don't get me wrong, Josh -- I loved what we just did in this shower. But now I'm going to do this quickly, so that we can get the hell out of here and move to the fucking bedroom."

She grabbed his shoulders and turned him around. With the water hitting his chest, she ran the sponge over his back, focusing silently on her task. She heard nothing for a few seconds, before Josh murmured a quiet, "Oh."

"Yeah. So just hush for a second while I finish this," Kate responded briskly, hoping the authority she was desperately attempting to put into her voice was working. She thought sounding more in control might help in distracting herself from thinking about how much she wanted him.

She couldn't stop her thoughts, though, and so went back to her task with determination, flushing out the images that were rushing through her head. She finished washing him, and shoved him under the water, spinning him around so that all the soap slid off his body. She stopped once he was facing her again, his eyes trying to focus on her after all the spinning. Kate saw the uncertain confusion in his eyes and silently promised to show him exactly what he meant to her. She reached behind his back for the knob to shut off the water. She could feel herself begin to move faster, her movements almost becoming frantic, as her thoughts began to race. The anticipation of what they would do together was seeping into her mind, and her muscles. She yanked open the shower curtain and, stepping out of the tub, snatched a couple of towels off the rack. She threw one at his chest, and he caught it deftly.

She gave up trying to reign in her thoughts and just let them go. Where? The bed? The couch? The dresser? The floor? Different places, different settings, kept speeding through her head as she dried herself off. Her ideas and fantasies ran a little wild as she got lost in her thoughts. Habitually, she dried her hair while standing in front of the mirror, and this is what she ended up doing. She fell into her normal post-shower routine, though it was admittedly more hurried this time than any other before. Josh, five feet away from her, was done drying off, and had tossed the towel onto his shoulder. He stepped out of the tub and stood there, looking at Kate. Her eyes were slightly unfocused, staring into the steamed-up mirror, a dreamy smile on her face. His eyes wandered over her body, drawn almost immediately to her hands, which held the towel in front of her, reaching up to dry her hair. From there they traveled down to where he could see the tantalizing curve of her breasts, and his hands twitched, longing to cup them and feel the familiar softness. His eyes then followed the arch of her back down to her firm ass, continuing the line of sight down her strong legs. But they flicked back upwards, to her back; he could see the little droplets she had missed, trickling downwards. And upwards again, to the flush of heat on her cheeks -- whether it was from the hot water or from her recent orgasm was unclear. The steam created a little mist of condensation, just sitting on top of her smooth skin. He licked his lips.

Kate saw the flicker of his tongue out of the corner of her eye, and she turned her head, her eyes locking onto his. He smiled back at her, and she felt an immediate tightening in her abdomen as her heart started to beat a little faster. She grabbed his hand and started to lead him out of the bathroom, both of them leaving their damp towels bunched on the tiled floor.

The change in the air was instantaneous. The bathroom had been steamy and warm, and the bedroom was comparatively cold, though Kate hardly felt it. She stood there for a moment, gripping Josh's hand, standing just outside the bathroom door, and facing her dilemma. Where did she want to take him?

The bed looked inviting -- still unmade, it made her think of last night's activities, and how it was just open to whatever possibilities they could come up with. Her eyes flicked over to the cushiony chair in the corner, and an image of her riding him, going up and down on him while he gripped her ass, flashed briefly through her head. Then onto their low dresser; Kate sitting on top of it, legs wrapped tightly around his waist as he pounded into her again and again. She even looked at the bare wall close to one side of the bed, and thought of her hands braced against it, Josh thrusting into her from behind. She was getting a little lost in the possibilities when she felt Josh actually come up behind her, his arms encircling her waist.

"Kate?" He murmured in her ear.

"Yes?" She answered reflexively, her mind still trying to work out a decision. Her right arm automatically went up behind his head, caressing it.

"What're you doing, baby?" He whispered, his lips touching her ear.

"Trying to make a decision," Kate whispered back, curling her fingers into his hair, remembering what he'd been doing the last time she'd done this.

"About what?" His lips were moving down her neck, offering lazy kisses.

"About where I want you to fuck me." He stopped kissing her, and she felt his cock twitch behind her. He paused before responding.

"I'd personally very much appreciate it if you'd expedite the process in whatever way you can," he said slowly.

"I'll take your input into consideration," she replied just as carefully, giggling. She was still going through the options when something occurred to her. She untangled herself from his arms and walked over to the bed, placing herself at the foot of it and simply standing there confidently. She turned to him, and gestured to the bed behind her. Josh looked back at her, eyebrows raised, and sauntered over, putting himself between her and the bed.

"You beckoned?" He asked, one eyebrow raised teasingly, a sly smile on his lips.

She smiled back up at him, and put her hands on either side of his face, gently cradling it. His expression softened, and she felt her way down to his chest. Still smiling lovingly, she roughly shoved him backwards onto the bed. Josh's eyes widened and his mouth opened in surprise as he bounced on his back.

"Kate, wha—?" he started, trying to get up. She didn't let him finish his question, swiftly climbing up his torso, straddling him. He opened his mouth again, but before he could speak, she covered his lips with hers, kissing him deeply. His hands, gripping the sheets for balance before, now wound their way into her hair, holding her tightly against him. She kept kissing him, letting her tongue play with his, loving the feel of him against her stomach as proof of how much she could turn him on. Eventually she broke the kiss, gently pulling her head away from his.

"I made a decision," Kate said, lying down on his chest, her chin resting on her crossed arms.

"What about?" Josh asked, one of his hands still playing with her hair.

"Remember before? When I said I couldn't decide on where to go?" She closed her eyes briefly, enjoying his fingers running lightly over her scalp. The sensation sent tingles through her body, all the way down to her toes.

Josh paused, and then smiled. "Oh, right. Yes, well, I can see what you decided -- you chose the bed."

"Well, not really. I changed my mind about something." Kate said coyly, and started kissing his chest. She loved how sensitive her nipples would get when they were rubbed up against his body, and brushed them surreptitiously now against him while she spoke. She began to move her body suggestively against his, grinding, sliding downwards subtly.

"Changed your mind about what?" Josh asked, not really hearing her words so much as feeling her body on top of his.

"You'll find out," Kate said playfully, returning to covering his skin with kisses. Josh inhaled, about to speak again, but Kate's hand moved up and over his lips, covering them. When she was sure he got the message, she pulled her hand back. Josh stayed silent.

She continued moving lower, taking her time in kissing and licking him, flicking her tongue over his nipples, trailing down to circle his belly button before nudging his legs apart and settling between them, so she was level with his waist. She knelt there, sliding her hands to his thighs, stroking and caressing the thick muscle there. She eyed his cock, already hard for her, and she bit her lip in anticipation.

Then she kissed him.

That was all -- just a kiss, her lips closing gently around the very tip of his cock. She heard Josh sigh in pleasure and felt his head hit the bed. She began to kiss her way down the length of him, carefully keeping her tongue inside her mouth. She wanted to draw this out as much as possible, and she knew just how much he loved her tongue on him.

But, as she reached the base, she couldn't help herself, and gave a long, full lick from the bottom, all the way up to the head. He started in surprise before settling back into the bed, his hands gripping the sheets on either side of him. Kate kept kissing and licking, touching every inch of him with her wet lips. Then, when she had gotten her fill of his shaft, she gave the tip a slow lick, and began swirling her tongue around the head. He started to moan in pleasure and frustration.

"Kate, please...I—," Josh began, his head coming up off the bed to look down at her.

"Yes?" Kate asked innocently, looking into his eyes as she licked him.

"Please. I want to feel you," Josh said, gasping and closing his eyes as she continued to use her tongue on him.

"Look at me," Kate said, stopping. Josh's heavy lids opened, and his blue eyes stared down into Kate's. She smiled briefly, and without taking her eyes off of his, she slowly and deliberately took the tip completely into her mouth. Josh closed his eyes and dropped his head back with a moan, letting Kate fully take over. She turned back to the task at hand, and started moving her head slowly down his length, testing herself, trying to see how much of him she could fit inside her mouth. She could feel his thigh muscles tense under her hands, and she paused slightly, enjoying how much pleasure she was giving him, and how much power she had over him in that moment.

But she had hesitated too long, and now she could feel him getting restless beneath her, rocking his hips a bit, and grinding upwards into her. She pulled back, and he immediately propped himself up on his elbows and looked down at her. 

"Why are you stopping?" He asked through gritted teeth, the lust clear in his eyes. She just looked at him for a few seconds, taking in the view. His hair was mussed from tossing his head around; his eyes had gone a darker shade than their usual clear blue; his cheeks were redder than before; his chest was rising and falling rapidly. She smiled up at him, and slid her body upwards, making sure to get her face right in front of his.

"If you move, I'm going to stop," she said sweetly, speaking slowly and clearly. He looked at her in shock.

"What? What do you mean?"

"I mean," she began, using a finger to trace circles on his chest, feigning unconcern over the state she was putting him in. "If you lose control, I'm going to stop. If you start moving your hips, I'm going to stop. If you try to fuck my mouth, I'm going to stop."

"But...I can't stop myself from moving," Josh replied in disbelief.

"Oh, you can move your upper body, of course," Kate said, again nonchalantly. "But nothing below the waist." He was silent for a moment before responding.

"Why?"

Kate thought for a second, trying to form her desire into something he might understand. "I want this to be about me giving you pleasure. This isn't about you taking something you want from me. This is about me giving you something. It's a gift," she said softly, looking at her still moving finger on his chest rather than meeting his eyes. "I want you to cum, and I want it to be me making you cum, rather than you making yourself cum."

She ended still quieter, unsure how he would react. She felt a hand lift her chin up, forcing her gaze onto his. They looked at each other for a while, her words hanging in the air. Then his eyes dropped to her mouth, and he was kissing her -- passionately, craving her lips on his. He tried to make his kiss show her what he couldn't find the words to say.

She broke the kiss first, her breathing a little heavy. Then, without any preamble, she slid back down his body and slipped his cock back into her mouth. The suddenness with which she did this made Josh's body jerk, before his arms gave out and he collapsed back onto the bed.

Kate had had enough teasing; she wanted him to feel the way he had made her feel in the shower. She began moving her head up and down on him, faster and faster, sucking, flicking her tongue, covering his cock with her mouth, knowing and remembering exactly what he liked. She wanted to taste him, and feel him, and savor him. His thighs were rock-hard now, but she continued to caress and massage them.

"Oh God, Kate...don't stop," she heard him groan. "Baby, it's so...you're so...it feels so good."

She kept her rhythm going, bobbing up and down on his cock. But she took one hand and slid it onto the base, and began stroking in time with her sucking. She felt his body respond and, encouraged, she took her other hand and cupped his balls, teasing them. Josh was openly moaning now, getting louder as she continued her movements.

"Kate, oh my God, Kate, I'm so close, baby, I'm so close. God it feels so nice having your mouth on me -- feeling you licking me and tasting me and taking me into you. Don't stop, baby, please, you know what I like," he inhaled sharply as a wave a pleasure hit him. "You know what I want," he gasped out. She kept going, and she could feel his body getting tauter as she brought him closer and closer to his climax.

"Baby, I'm...I'm gonna...you're gonna make me..." he stammered, trying to speak through the pleasure. She wanted to get him there, to give him what he'd given her, and so she removed her hand from his cock and brought her mouth down as far as she could onto him. She heard him cry out her name, again and again, and then he was there. She felt his cum fill her mouth, and felt his body shudder over and over, and heard his voice gasp out.

His body was still shuddering when she slid him out of her mouth, leaving only the head inside. But she didn't move any further, and so when he looked down at her to see what she was waiting for, she made sure he was looking into her eyes when she slid him out completely, and swallowed.

Josh groaned at the sight, and slumped back down onto the bed. Kate crawled up his body, intending to curl into his side. But as she was doing this, Josh leaned forward slightly, and pulled her upwards until their faces were barely apart. Kate didn't have a chance to react before he claimed her mouth, kissing her, deeply, gently using his tongue to excite hers. Then, just as suddenly as he'd started, he stopped, and dropped his head back down, apparently exhausted.

Kate smiled, and slid off his body until she was laying half on his chest and half off on his left side, her left leg slung between his thighs. His right arm was flung out on the bed; the left he curled around her shoulders to pull her into him. She hugged his side, wanting to push herself as close to him as possible. She could feel Josh's chest rise and fall beneath her as his breathing began to return to normal. They were quiet for a bit, just enjoying the closeness of their bodies together on the bed.
