 What started out as friendly conversation at a seminar, turned into much more than what Jason ever imagined. He struck up a conversation with the brunette sitting next to him just to kill time while waiting for the session to start. Jason was married so there was no reason for awkward flirty-ness. However, as they chatted away, it was obvious there was a natural chemistry between the two. Perhaps his comfort in being married was his own weakness. 

Later that day they shared lunch together. Over lunch Jason learned that Kathy was single but that she was more into women than men. She admitted that she enjoyed the company of men but just preferred women. Jason did not have an issue with this at all. It actually intrigued him a bit and put him at ease even more.

As the seminar drew to a close, Kathy suggested they find a fun restaurant for dinner as she did not want to eat dinner alone in a strange town. She teased that she knew he was married and would make sure he stayed out of trouble with other women. Jason saw no reason to object. It was an overnight seminar and he figured he might as well enjoy the social atmosphere with Kathy. It started out innocent with dinner, drinks, and a few laughs. Then there were a few more drinks and a band started playing. As the alcohol set in Kathy and Jason became even more comfortable with each other. Soon Kathy was dragging Jason onto the dance floor. 

Jason meekly protested, "I don't know if this is a good idea."

Kathy pulled him along, "Don't be silly. We're just friends having some fun."

"If you say so," replied Jason.

In the middle of the crowd they danced and laughed and had a great time together. Jason had so much fun that he barely felt the time pass. Before he knew it, it was last call. The walk back to the hotel was short and both Jason and Kathy were buzzing from the effects of the alcohol. As they approached the elevators of the hotel Jason turned to her and gazed into her eyes. He was not quite sure what to say. He wanted her, but he was married and knew he should walk away. Kathy could sense Jason's conflict. 

She hugged him and kissed him on the cheek.

"I had a great time," said Jason. He still held her hands as they pulled back from the hug.

"Me too," replied. Kathy.

Jason stared at her quietly, holding onto the moment. He was about to break away when she leaned in and whispered. "I want to masturbate for you."

"What," replied Jason in an astonished whisper.

Kathy pressed the elevator button and the doors opened. "Come with me," she demanded and pulled him into the elevator. 

Jason's heart pounded in his chest. He sensed he was crossing a line that he shouldn't but he did not resist. As the doors shut, Jason began to have second thoughts but Kathy got the first words in. " I know you are married but we cannot ignore the chemistry between us. Not to mention I am horny as hell and I am sure you were just going to go back to your room and masturbate thinking about what could have happened."

Jason laughed. "yeah, you're probably right."

The doors to the elevator opened. Kathy took his hand again and pulled him down the hall to her room. Jason followed, trying to figure out at which point he would finally draw the line and say no. Kathy pulled him into her room. She smiled at him and said, "Let's masturbate together. This way we can have some fun but you won't be cheating either. Get undressed while I freshen up."

Jason stared at her like a deer in headlights. He wanted to say no but he could not. Before she went into the bathroom she said, "Don't worry sweetie. We're just going to have some innocent fun together. I'll make sure you don't cheat."

Against his better judgment, Jason undressed and slid under the covers while Kathy freshened up. His eyes lit up when she walked back into the room. Her lingerie was very traditional. She wore a simple white lace bra with lace panties. Her body looked incredible. Jason's cock was already growing hard under the covers. As she approached the bed, Jason could see that she put on a fresh coat of lipstick and he could smell fresh perfume. The scent weakened him even more.

She teased with her glistening red lips, "How am I supposed to see anything when you are hiding under the covers. Come on out and play."

"Yes, ma'am," replied Jason. He slid out of the covers and stood before her with his hard cock.

She took in the site before her and licked her lips. "Mmmm. I like what I see stud. You start. Stroke your cock for me."

Jason slowly stroked his cock with his right hand. "I've never done this in front of someone before," admitted Jason. " I feel a bit weird."

"You're doing just fine. That's so hot Jason." 

Kathy rubbed her hands over her bra and squeezed her breasts. Then she demanded, "Use both your hands Jason. Stroke it with both hands."

Jason obeyed and Kathy complimented him, "Yes, that's good. So hot!" 

Kathy slid a hand into her panties and Jason intently watched the outline of her fingers snake down and press into her pussy. He continued to stroke his cock while he watched her masturbate. 

"Do you want to see my tits," asked Kathy seductively.

"Oh yes," replied Jason excitedly.

"Then ask me nicely," she teased.

"Please may I see your tits," asked Jason.

Kathy giggled, "Mmm. Yes you may." She turned her back to him and said, "a little help please."

Jason swiftly undid the clasp to her bra and it slid away. Kathy seductively turned towards Jason, holding the cups in place with her hands. "Are you ready?"

"More than ready," replied Jason.

Kathy ordered, "You need to make that cock a little harder and wetter first. Stroke it some more for me. Rub all the precum over it. I want you hot for me."

Jason loved how she commanded him to masturbate. He was so horny and aroused that he was already leaking precum. He rubbed the palm of his hand over the tip of his cock and then down the sides, coating his cock in the stickiness. Kathy rewarded him by letting her bra fall away. Her tits were perky and round. He immediately noticed how erect her nipples were and he loved the site. Jason watched in complete arousal as she licked her fingers and teased her own nipples.

"That is so hot!," he exclaimed.

"I know baby. You want to touch these so bad don't you? You want to lick and kiss my nipples, don't you?"

"yes...yes!"

"But you can't...you are married and can't touch me," teased Kathy.

"This is torture," admitted Jason.

Kathy enjoyed teasing Jason. She was just getting started with the fun. "I have an idea," she said. "Lay on the bed and hold onto the head board with your hands."

Jason followed her suggestion. The head board was an arch made up of several thin poles that went from top to bottom. Jason lay on his back and reached his hands over his head and grabbed onto two of the poles. 

Kathy looked down over him and said, "Now I've got to keep you out of trouble. You have to promise me that you will keep your hands on the head board. You are not allowed to touch me, ok?"

"O.k.," replied Jason.

"Good. I want to have fun with you but we can't have you cheating on your wife," said Kathy devilishly. Kathy then slid her panties off revealing a clean shaven pussy. Jason's eyes nearly popped out of his head at the glorious site. Kathy sat on his thighs, just below his cock and balls. Jason could feel the heat from her pussy on his skin. This made his cock twitch.

Kathy giggled, "don't get too excited sweetie. I'm just getting started. Remember keep your hands on the head board."

Next Kathy leaned forward so that her tits were just above Jason's mouth. She started to squeeze and play with her nipples right in front of his eyes. "Do you want to suck on my nipples," she teased.

"Yes, please," begged Jason. 

"You are so naughty. Such a naughty boy. Go ahead and try."

Jason lifted his head and tried to take her nipple into his mouth. She pulled back and laughed. She teased him several times like this, each time letting him get just a little closer. A few times when she leaned forward, Jason's cock would twitch from arousal and slightly rub against the side of her thighs. A few times Jason thought it touched her pussy. All this teasing was driving him crazy and making him want her even more. Then finally one time, she leaned down a bit too far and Jason's lips squeezed around her nipple. Kathy paused for just a second, enjoying his warm lips on her sensitive nipples. Then she pulled back and playfully slapped his face. "You bad boy. You weren't supposed to get my nipples."

Kathy sat up and then both her hands firmly grabbed his hard cock and held it upright. Jason shuddered with pleasure. Kathy smirked and said, "and don't think I didn't feel this horny thing trying to rub against my pussy."

Jason released his hands from the head board. Kathy instantly scolded him. "Hands on the head board." Jason immediately obeyed. 

Kathy released his cock and seductively said, "I can touch you but you can not touch me. This will keep you out of trouble."

Jason had crossed a blurry boundary the minute he stepped into the elevator with Kathy. He was certain he would be able to come back but little-by-little Kathy was erasing that boundary without him realizing it. In his heated and aroused state of mind her words made sense to him. She was touching him and he was not touching her so everything was o.k.

Kathy decided that Jason's will power was not enough to keep him out of trouble and so she came up with the idea of using stockings to tie his wrists to the head board. Jason offered no resistance. Once he was tied to the bed, Kathy sat back on top of him again. She ordered him to not move at all.

This time he could feel her pussy resting on his balls. Then she leaned forward, allowing her breast to rest on his chest. It took all his will power to keep from thrusting his cock into her. Kathy stared into his eyes and teased, "Does my body feel good? I bet you want your cock in my pussy right now, don't you?"

"Yes..this is so hot...you are driving me crazy!"

"MMmm. I love teasing you silly boys. Remember, don't move. I don't want you getting into trouble." Kathy slid forward, causing her pussy to rub over Jason's hard cock. Jason could feel its hot wetness slowly move from the base of his cock to the tip. His eyes rolled into the back of his head and he moaned.

"No moving," whispered Kathy. She slowly slid back down his cock and then sat-up. "It feels so good doesn't it?" When she sat-up, her pussy was still at the base of his cock, so her pussy pressed his cock flat against his stomach. The heat and weight of her pussy felt incredible. Jason's cock twitched beneath her. 

"Somebody is very excited," teased Kathy. "Don't worry, it is not cheating as long as you are not inside me." Kathy slowly slid up and down his cock again. Jason's mind was mush. Kathy continued to slide her pussy up and down the side of his cock and ordering him not to move. "I know you want to be inside of me so bad," she teased. "My pussy is so hot and would feel so good around your cock."

Jason was so focused on staying still that he was speechless. He took in her words mentally but could not concentrate enough to reply. As her rhythm picked up he could feel that he was losing control. More of her words echoed through his mind, "Don't worry Jason, you are not fucking me, I am fucking you...I am fucking you with my pussy...I am going to make you cum like this. It's not your fault, you have no control over the situation."

Kathy was pressing into his cock harder and harder. Jason struggled to remain still. He felt helpless tied to bed, beneath Kathy. Her words made him feel even more helpless. He felt an orgasm building within but he tried to hold back as defiance to Kathy's teasing. His struggles were futile. In an instant, Kathy ordered, "cum for me Jason!" Jason's mind immediately responded and he exploded into orgasm. Cum shot over his chest and onto his chin. Kathy screamed with delight and she enjoyed her own orgasm and milked all his cum out of him.

When he was finished, she leaned forward and kissed him and said, "You did good sweetie."

The next day, Jason looked for Kathy but could not find her. He was not sure if she made an early departure or just avoided him during the day. It was probably for the best. Who knows what trouble she would have gotten him into on day two.