 Note: As some of my readers know, every now and then I have to empty the crap I've been thinking about out of my head. This is one of those stories. I do thank Mistress Lynn for taking the time to edit it and make it a much better read.

DG

****

I'm just an every day Joe. In fact, my name is Joe, Joe Walters. I'm not a great looking athlete, or a rich businessman. I don't have visions of future inventions or super powers. I have always been just a regular guy without a lot of drive. My job is okay, but I just want to enjoy myself without any of the unnecessary stress.

I'm in my late forties, I've lived in a nice trailer park for the past twenty plus years. I divorced a long time ago, and have two wonderful kids whom I love dearly. They're married and have kids of their own. 

Back in high school, all I did was attend required classes and do my homework. I neither loved nor hated it. I wasn't a jock even though I could play sports with the best of them. But I didn't want to give up all my evenings and weekends practicing or playing sports.

Instead, I cheered for my school to win, usually with a cute girl sitting next to me. Some days I worked at the supermarket after school. It gave me the money to buy an old car and pay the insurance. That was the agreement with my dad; if I wanted it, I needed to earn the money to pay for it.

My parents wanted me to go to college, but I explained to them that I wasn't college material, so they would just be wasting their money. They convinced me to attend trade school, where I learned a little about being an electrician. I had only gone one year when the shit hit the fan.

Oh, I heard all the lecturers more then once about condoms and other birth control. I used them, but there was that one time it came off. I reached in and pulled the condom out and Marci saw it had cum in it so she wasn't too worried.

Three months later, she took a pregnancy test. It was positive. I guess a few of my swimmers got out. Fast little buggers they must have been. I wanted to do the right thing, so we got married. No one was overly happy about it, but I really liked Marci and figured she felt the same.

Her parents thought I didn't have a real future. I didn't really understand that, because I always thought I was an okay guy.

Anyway, I dropped out of school. Luckily, my dad had a good job in an auto plant and got me in. Taking the electrical classes helped too. They must have thought I was going to continue. My job offered courses, so I took those. They were usually only a couple of days to show us the latest way of doing things.

Eventually I made it into the general maintenance department. My job was quite secure, but the chance for advancement was almost nil. That was fine with me since I was happy to put in my eight hours and go home to Marci and the kids.

I say kids because right after the first one was born Marci was pregnant again. Both of our parents were pissed about the second pregnancy. I didn't understand the big deal. They aggravated me so much that I ended up having a vasectomy. I was happy with just the two kids. As I mentioned I was just an easygoing guy, and as long as the old pecker could get hard, I didn't care if it shot blanks.

Our second child was a few months old when Marci started back to school. She already had one year in toward her nursing degree. I guess that's why her parents were so aggravated when she was pregnant with our second child. Her mom watched the kids during the day so Marci could go to school full time. I even worked overtime to help make ends meet. I thought we were doing pretty well for a young couple.

We rented a small house and owned two used vehicles. Marci wanted something newer to drive, but I told her that we weren't going into debt just so she could have a better looking car.

Friends and family gave us a lot of our furniture, and I made sure we paid cash for everything we bought. Marci hated the idea that she couldn't have everything new and improved. I tried to explain to her that we didn't need debt; we were getting along fine.

About two years later, Marci received her degree. She got a job at a local clinic. Again, she wanted to go out and buy all this new stuff on credit. I put my foot down. If she wanted a new car, furniture or whatever, then she could save up for it and pay cash for it. I wasn't putting my name on any credit cards for her use.

It was downhill from there. She was even holding back the sex thinking I would give in. She loved sex as much as I did, so I thought I would just wait her out. After a couple of months, I had that feeling in my stomach that she was probably getting it somewhere else.

We had a big confrontation where she told me she wasn't having an affair, but wanted out of our marriage. She called me a cheap asshole and said I had no drive and would never amount to anything. 

I thought to myself, there it goes again. Someone telling me I wouldn't amount to anything. I worked hard everyday to support my family. I never missed work, and always made sure my kids got everything they needed. Just because I wasn't this big go-getter who needed all this material shit didn't make me an asshole.

We ended up getting divorced. She lived in the rented house with the kids and I had to pay child support plus a little alimony. The alimony didn't seem fair since she worked, but the judge said I made more money than she did.

I rented a place in a nearby trailer park. I was close enough to see my kids even though I usually took them to my parents during our visits. It was the only time my parents were able to see them.

When they were older and involved in school events, I always went to see them. It looked like Marci enrolled them in everything. I guess she didn't want them to turn out like me.

We stayed friends for the kid's sake, but didn't have anything to do with one another in any other way. Within a year of our divorce, she married a radiologist at the clinic. I guess he had that great future she was looking for. At least the alimony stopped, even though I still paid child support.

The kids told me they had a new car and were buying a new house. I guess she got her wish and was now part of the millions of people overly in debt.

The trailer I rented was an older model but was in decent shape. The owners offered me an option to buy it when I moved in. I saved up the money and purchased it for a few grand. So I was a homeowner of sorts also.

Over the years, I fixed it up, putting in new windows and siding, and replacing the roof. I put trailer skirting around it and added a couple of nice sheds. I paid cash for most everything. What I did put on a credit card, I paid off each month, no interest.

After my divorce, I hung around a few bars. I would stop after work and have a few beers. There were always ladies present, and I took of their wares. Many would come back to my trailer so we could have sex. I never mentioned that I was rather well hung, but the ladies seemed to like it.

I usually did my own cooking, and could grill up just about anything. It was surprising how popular I became. We must have had near a hundred trailers in our court. Many were divorcees who needed a cheap place to live till they could relocate. I often invited them over (one at a time) and fixed something on the grill.

Later we would do another type of cooking in the bedroom. I can honestly say that I bedded more than a hundred different women. I have seen everything from the hairiest pussy to those shaved. My favorite probably falls in the middle: a nice close-shaved mound, with enough hair to rub my face on.

I guess I almost have a pussy fetish. I got to a point where I love eating pussy. I feel great licking that little nub and watching the women squirm. It's even better when I can give them an orgasm with my mouth.

Most women have told me that their exes wanted oral sex but didn't like giving it. Even the married women I've been with have told me the same thing. I just don't get it. Give a woman all the oral sex she can handle and she'll let you do just about anything else.

I've taken a few married women anal who told me they would never let their husbands near them. Anal hurts my dick, but if it's taking a woman there for the first time, I'll go for it.

You have to understand that with these women it was all about sex. I didn't love them nor them me. We weren't out to build a relationship, we just wanted a little companionship for a couple of hours.

The trailer court has a lot of transient people always moving in and out. About a third of the trailers are rentals, so it makes for many new neighbors.

Back to the kids: I would have them every other weekend. Sometimes they stayed at my place and other times they stayed at my parents. I took them to the movies, the zoo, and museums among other places. We ate at home most of the time. I remember them telling me their mom and her husband, Dan, always ordered out. They rarely ate a meal cooked at home unless it was out of a box and microwaveable.

I did my best to spend quality time with my kids all the years they were growing up. At times, they didn't understand why I wouldn't buy them the latest play station, or other games and toys. I explained to them that when they were with me, I wanted to spend time with them. They could play their games at their house.

When my oldest turned sixteen, he asked me for a car for his birthday. Apparently, his mother told him they were too far in debt. I refused, telling him that just getting a car was the easy part. Paying for insurance and upkeep was the expensive part.  

When he graduated three years later, I took him to a used car lot and let him pick out any car he wanted up to seven thousand dollars. I told him I would pay for his first year of insurance, but from there he was on his own.

Of course, my daughter asked if she would get a car for her graduation the following year. I did the same for her as I did for my son. 

For my own vehicle, I generally bought a used truck and kept it for at least five years. I was always able to pay cash for it. I had a good job, a good life and no debts. Why others considered me a loser I never understood.

I got a little serious about a few women after my divorce. The problem was the sex was always great, but they all seemed to think I lived like a miser. They figured if I made good money, I didn't have to live in the trailer court.

Several asked why I didn't eat out more often. I explained that I preferred home cooking, even if it was my own. I wanted them to understand that I liked the trailer court, and met lots of nice people there.

After my kids were on their own, I took a part-time job bartending. I promised the kids I would pay for half of their college tuition. Their mother convinced them to go, so I figured I would stick her with half the bill.

My son John decided he wanted to be an electrician like his old man. That made me proud. My daughter was going to a community college for nursing. They both had the smarts, and got a few grants to help.

My boss at the bar was Sal, a friend of mine for many years. If there is such a thing as a mafia, Sal was part of it. He was into a number of side businesses, like setting up parties and catering services. I knew he owned a couple of whorehouses disguised as lounges and motels. If you were looking for anything, Sal had the connections to get it for you.

Sal has been trying to get me to bartend part-time for him for years. I just told him that I was with my kids every other weekend and they came first; he understood.

When I did start working for him, I covered special events or meetings at the watering hole when one of his regulars was off. I only worked Friday and Saturday nights so it didn't interfere with my day job.

Sal trusted me because he knew I could keep secrets and wouldn't be out to cheat him. He was one of the few people who understood I was happy with my state in life. The bartending job was to get me out more often. I got laid about every weekend since there was always some lonely woman who could use company.

The few times that I got serious about a woman, I was monogamous to her, and expected the same from her. If I found out she wasn't, I told her honesty and truth to each other counted in my book. Some might consider me a hypocrite because I fucked married women. They came to me and I gave them the loving they weren't getting at home. There was never going to be a future for us.

Here I was in my late forties, my kids had decent jobs and I would be a grandfather soon. Time was sure going by fast. I often wondered about finding a woman, maybe getting hitched, someone to spend the rest of my life with. The problem always came back to money and material things. Most women seemed to feel those things were more important than our togetherness.

Over a period of one year, I lost both my mother and father. It was really a downer for me. After we settled their estate, my share of the inheritance was well over a hundred thousand dollars. Most people would be elated. To me it was just money. I had more than that in my savings at work. So I decided to give each of my kids twenty thousand dollars to help them out. I took the rest and put it in a savings plan for retirement.

The kids loved their grandparents. They each got a few keepsakes, but my siblings took the bulk of my parents stuff. I didn't mind because they needed the furnishings more than I did.

I hoped my kids would use the money wisely, but within six months, they each had bought a new car. I guess they had their mothers spending habits.

I decided to try a little harder to find that special woman. I was working the lounge one Friday night when a group of eight women came in. They seemed a little classier than most. 

One kept smiling at me while another one was casting dirty looks my way. Dirty might not be the right adjective, but she didn't seem to like me. I just figured it was her loss. In a way, she reminded me of someone I had seen before, but I would never be able to place where.

The smiling one came up to the bar and ordered another round of drinks. She sat on a stool and told me her name was Marilyn. This was her card clubs night out. They had gone to dinner, and then decided to come in for a few drinks.

"Who's the one giving the dirty looks?" I asked.

"Oh, that's my sister Sylvia. She's always watching out for me. Her husband manages the bank, and she owns a real estate business."

"Tell her when you get a chance that I don't bite," I said and laughed.

I carried the tray of drink over to the ladies at the table. They all seemed to be upper crust, but were still friendly. That is, all but Sylvia. She had one of those, 'My shit doesn't stink' attitudes. I just set her drink down and smiled at her.

Marilyn was back up to the counter a little while later. She wanted to talk, so I let her talk away. I found out she was in her mid thirties. She'd been divorce for four years. Apparently, they didn't see eye to eye. He wanted kids and she didn't. One day she found him making a baby with his secretary. End of marriage.

I told her the truth about myself. It's a lot easier to remember the truth than it is a bunch of lies. We seemed to hit it off rather well. Before the night was over, she slipped me her phone number. It was on a real estate card. She told me she was a secretary in her sister's business.

I remember telling her I was happy where I lived, and not looking to buy.

"I really am just the secretary, and I'm not selling anything," she said with a smile.

I wanted to put in a few less hours, so I told Sal I would be available every other weekend. He told me that was fine with him. I had decided that I wanted to leave some weekends open to date. Not every woman was free during the week, and Sunday was my day to rest and maybe go see the kids.

I called Marilyn on Tuesday and asked if she wanted to go out on Saturday. She agreed to go, so I figured I would take her to a nice restaurant for our first date. I think I surprised her when I picked her up in my pick-up. Hell, it was all I had, and it was good enough for me.

We went out and had a nice dinner and drinks. After she loosened up some, she became very talkative. Knowing she was married once to an insurance agent, I was interested to know more about her. They were married for seven years and she took birth control pills so she wouldn't get pregnant.

When her husband found her birth control pills, he went into a rage. He wanted kids, and ended up not talking to her after that. It was a week later when she found him fucking his secretary. They divorced shortly afterwards.

"What does your sister think about you going out with me?"

"I never told her. I know we would just get into a big argument."

"What the hell is wrong with her? Does she really think she's all that great?" I asked.

"To be honest with you, she thinks that you are beneath me."

"What? Who the fuck does she think she is? She knows absolutely nothing about me. Damn prick teaser!"

"Joe, she really isn't that bad. She married young to her high school sweetheart, and he turned out to be a real jerk. He never worked and went to prison for doing and selling drugs. She said after her divorce that she was through with losers. From that time on, she would only date men of distinction, with careers that would take them somewhere.

"She met her husband Ralph a few years later. As you know, he's the manager of the bank. He helped her get her real estate business started. Now she's worried that I might make the same mistake."

"So why are you out here with me tonight?" I asked.

"I don't know? I guess I like to live a little more dangerously. Look, it's a date, it's not like we're getting married or anything. You seemed like you would be fun. I don't have enough fun in my life anymore."

That seemed like an honest answer. So I decided to show her some fun. We got up and headed for a dance club that Sal owned. We had no problem getting in, and began to dance up a storm. We started with a few fast songs and were on the dance floor when the slow ones started.

I put my arms around her and held her close. She smelled good as I felt her breasts against my chest. There was no doubt she could feel my semi-hard on pressing against her thigh.

No pretence, I just kissed her; I wanted to see her reaction. She kissed me back. The rest of the evening, we danced all the slow songs. I held her as close as possible with my hands on her ass most of the time. She never said no or to stop, so I didn't. Both of us were getting horny, so I asked her what she wanted to do next.

"Take me home, please." She smiled, so I figured we weren't finished for the night.

When I pulled up to her home, I realized Marilyn and Sylvia both came from money. She lived in a beautiful house, expensively furnished. As soon as we were inside the door, we were kissing again. I unzipped her dress and let it fall. She stepped out of it then stood there in her matching bra and panties. They looked to be very expensive.

"Follow me," she said as she led me to the master bedroom.

Everything about her said 'High Maintenance': her clothes, her house, and the furnishings. I had to wonder why she had gone out with me. Right then I was only interested in getting laid and giving her the best sex of her life.

As she lay naked on the bed, I dove right into her pussy. Damn, she was wet. I licked, kissed and tongued her till she had an orgasm. She smiled when I took my briefs off and she saw the size of my cock.

I told her if she wanted it, she had to put it in. She grabbed hold of my cock, placed it at the entrance of her pussy, and said "Fuck Me!"

Usually I had to start out slow, but she was so wet and willing that we were both giving it everything we had right away. As I came, I could feel her pussy pulsating as it gripped my cock. Damn, she was one good fuck.
