 Having sent her a plane ticket along with some cash for clothes and specific instructions on what he wanted her to wear, Larry couldn't help but be aroused, excited and anticipating the arrival of a woman he hadn't seen in more than 20 years. Back then, just out of high school, she had taken his virginity with a ferocity and skill he hadn't experienced many times since.

Sitting on the king size bed in his Las Vegas hotel room, he wondered when she would show up, knowing how long it took to find a shuttle in this town. Decked out in his best black suit with white dress shirt and bright red tie, he stood and started pacing, often looking out the Vegas Strip 30 floors below.

"Vegas Strip," he thought. "I hope I am doing that soon."

He glanced down to see the erection pointing from the front of his pants, made even more unbearable by the fact he had made a deal with himself to abstain from self satisfaction for the past week, in addition to the male enhancement product he thought he would try, even though he had never had a use for that in the past.

As he fiddled with the front of his trousers, the moment happened, he heard heels clicking on the marble floors in the hallway.

He hurried to the door, hoping to surprise his guest before she could knock, but instead he saw a tall, buxom, older woman enter the room next door.

She looked back and smiled at him, saying "hey, sug," in the most syrupy southern drawl he had ever heard. He had often joked that those accents worked better than any little blue pill on him.

Closing the door again and continuing his pacing, he let out a huge sigh and started counting the number of different hotels he could see out his window. He had gotten to 12 when he heard the knock at the door.

Opening it, he thought the pictures he had seen of her on the Internet recently didn't do her much justice. Feeling ready to burst already, he caught a whiff of her perfume and grabbed her around the waist before either of them could say a word. Knocking her drag-behind suitcase to the ground, he steadied himself against the door and inhaled deeply before planting his lips against her mouth, covered in bright pink lipstick, savoring all of his senses being overloaded at once. Her moaning and appreciative groans made him feel like they were picking up right where they had left off so many years ago.

Releasing her, he picked up her travel bag, pulled her into the room and caught a glimpse of her in her black raincoat, with white stockings visible from below her knee only, leading to a pair of chunky red pumps.

"Hello, Angela," he said, running his fingers through her hair. There wouldn't be much conversation for a while during this reunion. What he didn't know was that she had also abstained from any gratification for a couple of weeks. They were both ready to explode and hoped the chit-chat would be minimal until there had been plenty of attention paid to each other's bodies.

Unbuckling the belt on her coat, he was flush with anticipation of whether she had listened to his instructions on what to wear.

His hopes were affirmed when started unbuttoning the coat and could the red sun dress she was wearing that had white polka dots. As he glimpsed down at her chest, he was certain she wasn't wearing a bra. He wondered whether she had recently discarded it to comply with his wishes or if she had left her house and rode on the plane with her heaving bosom separated from the air by just a thin layer of cotton. There would be plenty of time to ask later.

He sat her down on the bed and she laid back like a seductive pin-up girl from the 50s.

"So, cowboy, how would you like to ride me?" she cooed.

"I would like you to saddle up on my face," he managed to get out, a lump forming in his throat.

She removed his sport coat and pushed him back on the bed.

Then she crawled across the sheets licking her lips and swaying her hair. She laid on her side next to him and ran her hand up the inside of his thigh, stopping just short of his aching member.

She got up on her knees and lifted her skirt just enough to show the tops of the bright white thigh-high stockings she had purchased for this occasion. What he didn't know was she had three other pair, in black, pink and light blue.

As he smiled in approval, she turned around to show her round rump, uncovered by panties.

"I came ready to saddle up," she said.

With that, she lifted the skirt and spread her legs over his face, the bottom of the skirt covering his eyes. He couldn't see her pussy, but he could taste and feel it.

As he ran one hand over her ass cheek and the other over one of her breasts, his tongue moved up and down her warm, moist slit, stopping occasionally to pay special attention to her clitoris.

As she reached her first orgasm, he clasped her ass with both hands, seeming to grind her even harder onto his face. As she released the pent-up frustration that had been brewing inside of her since her session with a local bartender 13 nights earlier, she arched her back, reaching for his cock.

She unzipped his pants and started playing with his member while he kept his tongue working on her pussy through one, then two, then three, then four orgasms. Even though her screams of delight were slightly muffled by the skirt covering his head, she was loud. Much louder than he remembered.

Spent, she rolled off him and grinned as she saw his cock peeking through his zipper hole, bigger than he ever remembered it being.

She looked him in the eye, winked, smiled and ran her tongue over her lips, a non-verbal cue that said she was going to oral town.

"Ang, we have plenty of time for blow jobs, but I am afraid I am going to burst quickly," he said.

She said, "good, I wanna swallow all of it."

With that, she slithered down to his lower body, unbuttoning his pants and yanking his trousers and boxers off in one motion. She then laughed and took off his socks, climbed toward his crotch, lifted the bottom of his shirt and engulfed his cock.

Less than three minutes into the best head he could ever remember, it was over, as his spunk coated her tongue and the back of her throat.

He pulled her up next to him, removed his shirt and tie and unbuttoned the front of her skirt, but motioned for her to not remove it completely.

He pressed their mouths together and ran his hand across every inch of her soft, warm skin, causing her to occasionally shiver from being slightly ticklish and to moan when his hand went between her legs to her wet mound.

"I can't believe I let you get away," he said, her soft hands wrapped around his already re-hardening cock.

"Stop talking and just fuck me," she said.

So, he mounted her, the white stockings wrapped around his back and the sun dress, covered in sweat and bodily fluids, laying under her like a blanket.

This time, he lasted much longer than the blowjob, as he forcefully entered her pussy, causing her to yelp. After what seemed like an hour of non-stop screwing, she had experienced another three orgasms, came on his dick and just about passed out by the time he filled her pussy to the rim with his cum.

He finally removed the rest of her skirt and they spooned naked for a while, with him sucking on her neck from behind and his cock starting to rise for a third time every time it came in contact with her ass.

He reached his long arm down across her stomach and to her pussy, working his way to her clit, which by now was numb to the touch from all of the excitement she had experienced.

"Do me doggy-style," she gasped.

As he mounted her from behind, he reached on one onto her right breast and braced himself against her hip with the other. His cock just slid in by now and she didn't wait long to flip him over and straddle his cock, thrusting her heaving bosom into his face and she grinded on his cock.

By the time he came again inside her, she crumpled on top of him, falling asleep within seconds.

He glanced at the clock and she had already been here for five hours.

The only love-making experience he could recall that was even close (and it wasn't that close at all) was in his early 30s when he had spent the afternoon with the mother of one of the players on the little league team he coached. While he had came six times, she just grunted once or twice when she came. He liked to hear the noise.

With Angela, now sound asleep, that was not an issue at all.

After she finished her three-hour nap, they showered together (with her blowing him again) and decided to see some of the sights and do some drinking and gambling. It was 2 a.m. by this time.

"You gotta love Vegas," he said more than once that evening.

The next morning, Angela, sporting sweats, an oversized white t-shirt and slippers, went to the lobby for some coffee and maybe a pastry to start the morning.

When she started walking down the hallway, the room next door and the older woman came out and said, "Hey, sug, is that you next door?"

Angela replied, "yes."

"Oh, I heard you guys yesterday," Sug said.

Horrified, Angela said, "Oh my God, I am so sorry."

Her neighbor laughed and said, "Don't worry about it. I enjoyed it immensely. I brought along a special friend in case I couldn't find someone to bring to my room."

Angela then sighed and said, "We've all had nights like that sister."

"Not many of us have had nights like you just had, though," Sug said. "That must be some man you have in there. The big, bald guy, right?"

"Yep," Angela said. "I haven't seen him in 20 years. I won't make that mistake again."

"If you do, you won't get him away from me, sug," she said.