 Chapter 02: The Runner Up

I just finished reading Nancy's story, and yes, she won the 2010 Steak & Blowjob Day contest and pocketed the $100 for the best BJ story from the evening. For those of you that didn't read her version of the story, here's a very brief recap. Five of us girls got together and decided to celebrate March 14, which is Steak and Blowjob day, with our boyfriends. We each put $20 into a pot, and the girl that had the best story from Steak Day would win the $100. Well, Nancy didn't have a boyfriend at the time of the challenge, and she worked really hard to find a guy in just 4 days. She found a guy she liked, and ended up asking him if she could treat him to a steak and a blowjob....for their first date. It didn't hurt that the guy had a massive dick that she went on and on about. So, she won the contest. But I came in a VERY close second. Here is my story.

My name is Angie, and I have been friends with this group of 4 other girls for years. They are a blast, and we always have so much fun. A couple of the girls are really outgoing and flirty (like Nancy and Sharon), but a couple of us are way more reserved. I have always dressed more conservatively, and have been less of a partier than the others, but we still get along great.

So, we girls met in March (2010) for our monthly drinks and get-together. I was the last to arrive, and it was obvious that Sharon and Nancy were pumped up about something.

"There's this great new holiday where we girls get to reward our boys for their giving us a great Valentine's Day," Sharon said. "It's set for March 14, and is pretty self explanatory. It's called Steak and Blowjob Day."

We all laughed, and enjoyed the reaction of the guys at the table next to us that heard Sharon shout out the word 'blowjob'!!

But Sharon continued, "So let's each put $20 in a pot, and at our April get-together, whoever has the best BJ story from Steak Day wins the $100."

Two of the girls laughed and nodded their heads approvingly, but Nancy whined about the contest being unfair since had just dropped her boyfriend, so had no one to suck. The other girls just made fun of her. But I just sat in silence, wondering how much I should say. I could feel that I was beet read, and as the girl's started to quiet down, they began looking at me.

"What's wrong Angie," Sharon asked. "This should be a really fun time for you and Jay."

I reached down and took a big sip of my lemon drop, and looked up at the girl's, but not able to make eye contact.

"I have never done fellatio," I said softly.

The girls gave a common gasp. And then they sat in silence, letting my confession sink in.

"I have intercourse all the time with Jay," I say trying to defend myself. "But I think the idea of having his penis in my mouth is disgusting."

"Oh my god," Nancy whispers. "Not even a little blowjob as foreplay?"

"Never," I reply. "Never. I have never ever had a penis in my mouth, not even Jay's," I say loudly to my friends.

I don't know who was more shocked: my girlfriends, or the guys at the next table. I must have turned 50 shades of red when I realized I said this loud enough for them to hear. As I glanced over to them, they quickly turned away, but the look of disbelief was clear on their faces. Or maybe it was relief that I wasn't their girlfriend.

"Well I guess you just donated $20 to the pot, 'cause you can't win if you don't suck," Sharon said lightly.

We moved on to other topics, and I ordered another drink. Nancy got up and was off looking for a BJ target, and the other girls were busy flirting and dancing with the guys at the next table. As would be expected, those boys paid no attention to me! A little later we went to a club, which was a lot of fun.

I tried to put the BJ issue out of mind, and was becoming content that I would just be donating my $20 to one of my friends. I did think about fellatio, though, on Saturday night as my boyfriend pulled my panties off to have sex. I love the way his erect penis looks, and the way he uses it makes me feel so good. But the thought of kissing on it made me gag a little, and I know if I continued thinking about it I would lose interest in intercourse. Plus, he really seems to have a great time pounding into me. 

On Sunday I got a call from Sharon. "The girls are having an emergency group meeting at my house on Wednesday at 7 pm," she said sternly. "It's about you, so you need to be there."

I was a little taken back by the abruptness, but these are my friends. "Ok," I replied. "I will be there."

Wednesday finally rolled around and I walked up to Sharon's door. It was ten to 7, but I could hear the other girls were already inside. Apparently they had a pre-meeting before I got there. I was nervous by this time as I opened the door.

All the girls were sitting around the living room, and it looked like the martinis had been flowing for awhile. There was an empty chair sitting in the middle of the floor, and there were three lemon drops lined up on a small table sitting next to it.

"Angie," Sharon said with a little drunken stammer in her voice. "We love you. We really do. And we are going to show you how much fun it is to suck your boy's dick."

"Now sit down and gulp down these drinks," Nancy commanded. "Rule one: blowjobs and alcohol go together like peanut butter and jelly."

"Oh my god Nancy!" Sharon exclaimed. "There are rules to sucking?? Shit. I got some to learn too!!" We all laughed.

The mood in the room was light-hearted and fun, so I resolved myself to try and have a good time. "I will let you try to convince me," I said. "For Jay's sake."

It wasn't long before I was looking into the bottom of my third lemon drop, and starting to really feel the good effects of the booze. The girls were telling little short stories about penises that they had sucked on, and some stories were pretty funny or embarrassing. I found myself wishing I had a story or two that I could tell. The part that got me the most, though, was how much every guy they talked about seemed to crave blowjobs. Yet Jay has been silent on the topic for two years, so I assumed he really wasn't that concerned about the lack of oral.

As I put my glass down, Sharon stood up and pushed "play" on her DVD player. The TV jumped to life. "Here, watch this," she said.

The title popped up: "The Expert's Guide to Fellatio." All the girls, including me, laughed.

The video was fantastic. It started with about 15 minutes of clinical talk, where a young woman (the narrator) carefully described the pieces and parts to boys, and then fielded questions on fellatio from a small group of couples. The narrator used a naked male model as she talked, who just happened to have an amazingly huge dick. I had never seen anyone talk about, describe, and touch a penis so casually. It was really interesting (and hot), and I definitely learned a lot about the penis and testicles. More than I'd learned in the previous 25!! 

Then the couples in the group got up, two at a time. The couple would get comfortable on a bed or a chair, and the woman would start going down on the guy. The narrator described what was happening, and gave suggestions to the woman on how to improve her technique. At the same time, the narrator was interviewing the guy to find out what felt best to him. Although I have watched some blowjobs on a porn video before, this is the first time I have ever seen it the focus of such scrutiny. It even had little pop-up text and arrows to give detailed explanations of techniques and tricks. This was the first time I ever got aroused thinking about or watching a BJ.

It was most fascinating to me to hear the guys on the video describe how fellatio makes them feel, and how it compares to intercourse. I found myself watching and imagining the intense pleasure these men were feeling, and wanting my boy to look at me the same way. By the time the video ended, I was determined to do my best to let my boyfriend feel this. He deserved it.

Sharon turned off the TV and DVD player. "OK everyone," she announced. "To the kitchen table."

As I got up, Nancy handed me another drink, and grabbed my hand. She led me to the head of the table, where there was a towel covering something sitting on the table. "Sit down and relax," she said.

I sat, and the girls refreshed their drinks and took their places around the table. Sharon sat next to me, and lifted up the towel. "Shit!" I said in shocked voice. "That looks just like Jay's penis."

The girls laugh as we all looked at it, admiring just how accurately a piece of plastic could replicate the details of a penis. 

"Look at the veins on the shaft and the little bumps on the rim," Nancy said as she reached to touch it. "It even feels like a real penis."

"Angie," Sharon said. "My friend Joe wanted you to have this to practice on. It is brand new, and I just took it out of its sealed package and washed it with soap and water. Just like a real dick, it's more fun when squeaky clean."

She continued, "So if I had a rule for you, it would be, never hesitate to ask your boy to take a shower before eating him. They will gladly clean up for a blowjob."

Sharon moved the fake penis toward me. "OK," she said. "Let's see what you can do!"

"Would you mind going first?" I asked. "I just don't know how to get started."

So Sharon took the penis and put it in front of her. Watching her handle it I could tell she was really comfortable handling a guy's privates. It was fun watching the way she would hold the shaft out of the way and kiss on the balls, and then move to kissing up and down the shaft. She started so gently, and then got faster and more intense as she worked on it. Then she took a long pause, and positioned her mouth over the shiny head, and her hand was massaging the balls. As I watched the head disappear into her mouth, I could almost hear the moan of the guys on the video. I let her work on it for a couple minutes. 

"OK, my turn," I said anxiously.

Just like Sharon, I kissed on the balls and worked up and down the shaft, and finally took it deep into my mouth. I was really surprised how big it felt and how it stretched my mouth. It only took a couple minutes of bobbing up and down before my mouth was tired. 

"So if my mouth gets tired, I use my hands?" I asked, "Just like they showed on the video?"

"Absolutely!" Nancy jumped in. "Just use a little extra saliva to keep it slick while you stroke it."

I practiced moving back and forth from my mouth to my hand, and it was starting to feel really comfortable with it. 

"Wow!" Sharon exclaimed. "You are a natural at this!! Jay is going to so enjoy this!! Don't worry too much about getting tired. You will have him cumming really fast. And as turned on as he will be, you will probably get quite a load!"

I stopped and look around the table. "OK," I said more seriously. "Let's talk about his cum. Even on a regular night he has a lot of it. What do I do with it? The video talked about swallowing or even taking it into your mouth and spitting. I don't think I can do either."

Sharon looked at me intensely. "Before you start to go down on him, you have to let him know what you are going to do when he is ready to pop. He doesn't want to worry about it while you are working on him, and you have to feel confident that he is going to shoot it where you want him to."

"Yeah," Nancy said calmly. "Everyone needs to know upfront where he will unload, and if you are going to finish him off or if you will need him to masturbate the last couple strokes. You never want to leave a guy stranded just as he is ready to pop,"

"I want to finish him," I said with more confidence and enthusiasm than I felt. "But I will have to do it with my hand, like they showed in the video."

"He will love that," Sharon said. "Just make sure it's really wet when you finally pull off, and keep the strokes at about the same pace as your head was moving. After a few blowjobs you will be able to time it so you only have to give a couple strokes before he cums."

"Oh, and plan in advance where he should shoot." Nancy chimed in. "If you have him naked I would recommend pointing his opening toward his chest. These young studs can build up a lot of cum, and it can make a mess of the bed and sheets if you shoot to the side. I also don't like them to cum on me unless we are in the shower."

"Wow," I said, trying to soak it all in. "So much to think about."

"Here, Joe wants you to have the penis, and take the video with you," Sharon said. "Watch the video a couple more times, and a little more practice, and you will be giving a great blowjob. After Saturday, Jay will be your puppy dog! Once you start sucking a guy, they will do ANYTHING to get it regularly!"

We all went our way that night, and I went home and practiced some more on the fake penis. I actually practiced a lot on Thursday, but rested my mouth on Friday. Of course, I watched the video a couple times on Friday, and visualized how I would do it.

Jay and I went out Friday after work for a light dinner and a movie. All during the movie I thought about one of Nancy's stories, where she told us about how she and Dan love to have her go down on him whenever they go to the movies. But, all we did was cuddle during the movie, although I did let my hand rub him a little though his jeans. Towards the end of the movie, I leaned over and whispered, "Tonight I want to take top." 

He gave the cutest little moan. "OK," was all he said with a quiver in his voice.

We went back to my place and I climbed on top and fucked him as hard as I could. I came first, and really hard. With the last spasm, I softly screamed, "Put me on bottom and cum!" In a single motion he lifted me off his penis, and laid me on my back. His leg came over the top of me, and his penis drove into me. He knelt up, and pounded into me until he squirted like a firehose. It was satisfying to know I could get him off so well.

He fell off me in a heap. "God, you were an animal tonight," he said in a very satisfied voice. "What got into you?" 

"Just really horny," I replied. I couldn't dare tell him that it was the fact that I had watched the fellatio video twice today, and was so turned on by the thought that I was going to be doing that to him in just 24 hours.

It's been my routine for the past year to get up on Saturday morning and let Jay put his penis in me and cum how he wants, without having to worry about my orgasm. But, today is BJ Day, even though he doesn't know it yet. "Jay, sorry about this," I say. "But I have to run to work for a minute. I will be back at 10. By the way, I have dinner reservations for us tonight at 7 at Nick's Steak House. Good blue jeans and a nice shirt would be OK," I say as I scurry out of the bedroom, sensing his disappointment as the blood drained from his erection.

As the day went on I could not believe how nervous I got. I was so afraid that I would start to do it, and then have to quit because I got sick. That would be so awful for Jay.

It seemed like an eternity, but 7 finally came around. We dressed together, and I admired Jay's masculine body as he slipped into his clothes. I caught him looking at me as I stood in my panties, and I knew he had missed his Saturday morning pussy treat. 

As he finished getting dressed, I walked over and put my arms around him and looked him in the eye. "Do you love me?" I asked. He nodded, wondering why I would ask such a thing. "I want you to have a lot of fun tonight," I said. "There are a couple surprises in store for you."

There. I had done it. I was committed. There is no way I could back out of doing this without looking stupid and hurting him. Jay was going to be fellated tonight. And I was going to taste my first real penis. I hope I don't puke on him.

Dinner was great. Jay is so much fun. The waiter had just brought the dessert menus, and we had ordered some cappuccinos to have with whatever we were going to get for dessert. I reached into my purse and pulled out a folded piece of white paper. It was a Steak Day invite poem that Sharon wrote with a little input from me. It had some provocative graphics, but the real meaning was in the text:

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * WELCOME TO YOUR FIRST ANNUAL STEAK DAY

- You did real great on Valentine's, you made me feel first-rate;  - Tonight's the night I pay you back, you will not masturbate.  - March 14's a holiday, a day to celebrate;  - A little wine, a nice big steak, and then I will fellate.

- "Steak and Blowjob" is the day, it really is quite fun;  - You've had your drink, the steak is gone, the meal is almost done.  - I have a chair picked out for you, a place to sit and chill;  - Then down I'll go and suck you off, and give you one big thrill.  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

I know there is not much artistry in the poem, but its effect on Jay was immediate. He turned red and had a look of shock. He sat silently, letting his eyes read the poem over and over. I was trembling in fear, afraid that this had crossed some line, and now he thought less of me. 

"Oh my god," he stammered. "Does this mean what I think it does?"

"Yes," I said sheepishly. "I want to try."

"We've been dating for 2 years. Why tonight?" he asked.

"All my girlfriends are celebrating Steak Day with their guys tonight, and I wanted you to have one too. You are so good to me and I want to make you happy," I said, my tears welling up.

"You do make me happy," Jay said. "I want to experience this with you, but I will understand if you can't do it. I love our sex life. Last night was so amazing."

Shit. What a nice guy. I can see how badly he wants this, but still he gives me a way out. His penis deserves to be sucked. I know guys talk about sex with their friends, and it makes me sad to think that when he gets together with them that they all probably have head stories to tell. And he just has to sit there and listen and smile. I gulped down the last half of my martini, and become more determined than ever to do this. And to do it good.

For obvious reasons we didn't order dessert, and we paid our bill as quickly as possible and started the short drive home.

The tension on the drive back was palpable. We hardly said a word, and when we did both our voices were breaking. He looked so excited and scared. And I was so horny and nauseated at the same time. I just needed to get this first blowjob behind me.

We got inside and we both headed upstairs. There is a nice cushioned chair next to the bed, and we both knew this is the chair that the poem spoke of. We stood and faced each other, and I tried to smile.

"It's OK if you cum really fast," I said, realizing immediately that it sounded like I wanted to get this over fast. "I mean....., take your time so we can enjoy this together.....," I said trying to make it seem that I wanted this too!!

I unbuttoned his shirt and took it off, and flicked and sucked on his nipples a little. As I did he kicked off his shoes and slid his jeans off. He was breathing hard and unsteadily. I had never felt him so aroused, and the bulge in his shorts was huge. Even though neither of was moving, the fabric in his shorts was bouncing around, and I could see his head trying to break out. As I played with his chest, his breathing became more of a stifled begging moan. I would swear I heard the word "please" several times. He gently put a hand on the top of my head and pressed down ever so slightly. It was such a thrill that he wanted me to do this so badly.

For the first time in my life I let my mouth kiss down his chest and stomach as I slowly dropped to my knees. By the time I was kneeling in front of him he was making steady moaning noises like in the video. His lust helped calm my nerves, and I put my fingers in his waistband. His head was maybe an inch from my mouth, still straining against the thin, white fabric. I opened my mouth as wide as I could, and moved toward his head. His hips moved toward me, and the head slipped between my lips. I got it in as far as the widest part, and closed my mouth against the fabric. I held my mouth there for a few seconds, listening to his lust sounds, and feeling a bit proud that I had a penis in my mouth, and my stomach was feeling great. But I knew this was just getting started.
