 I am Dave and I am a very affectionate person. It can be very difficult for me to keep my hands off of an attractive woman unless she asks me to stop. I have certain lines I try not to cross though. One of them being married women or even women spoken for.

This story is about a girl I could not keep my hands off but belonged to someone else. Her name was Shelly. She is the 23 year old sister of a friend's wife and was very attractive. She stood 5 feet 2 inches, had a 35 inch chest, a 27 inch waist, and 35 inch hips. She had a nice tan, light brown straight hair, and hazel eyes. Her mouth was exceptionally sexy with full lips and a beautiful smile. She loved to party and really didn't hold back what she was thinking.

I met her when she came down to stay at my friend Don's time share for a few days. It was a two bedroom split level with a fold out couch in the living room. I stayed on the couch at first while the other bedrooms were occupied with the other three.

The area was very busy and right on the beach. When Shelly arrived on the second day, we spent a lot of time together in the pool, on the beach, or in the hot tub. We had a pitcher of daiquiris and I could not keep my hands off of her. I was always either holding her hand or rubbing her back or sitting on the couch with my arm around her. I was careful not to make a serious move because she had a boyfriend at home.

Once or twice, went got our faces close enough to kiss, but neither of us tried. The second night, we actually fell asleep on the couch together. I carried her to bed about 3 in the morning but knew I didn't want to push things and try any sex at that point.

On the third day, we walked to the convenience store to get some snacks. We had already put down a pitcher of daiquiris so I was feeling rather bold. She was wearing a two piece bikini under a pair of gray sweat shorts and a blue t-shirt. As she reached down to grab something off of a low shelf, I ran my hand down the crack of her ass and back up real quick. She nearly fell over frontwards and caught herself with her left foot.

She turned quickly to me and grabbed my entire package! It actually hurt my left ball somewhat. I thought I had ruined everything now but with a mad look, she got right up in my face and said through clinched teeth, "Let's get this over with right now. If you really want to fuck me, then make your fucking move. Otherwise, knock it off! I had to change my panties twice last night because they got so damp and today I can't take my shorts off because my bathing suit is wet underneath from my pussy. So either fuck me, or fucking leave me alone! Got it?"

"Sorry, I had no idea I was having that effect on you, "I said.

She let go of my now hard cock and said, "If I didn't, I would have told you to get your hands off of me on the first day. Now if you want to, let's go before I change my mind!"

We hurriedly put the items we had picked up back on the shelf, of course not in the right spot, and walked back to the condo. On the way, there was a dead silence between us but we did hold hands. I was shocked but I was so turned on now that my head was buzzing, and not just from the alcohol.

When we got back to the condo, Don and Sandy were gone but the car was there so I figured they must be at the pool or the beach. We raced up the split level stairs to Shelly's bedroom and locked the door. I could see my cock bulging in my swim trunks. I believe it had been like that since she grabbed it at the store.

She sat down on the bed and looked at me. I walked over and pulled her head into my ribs. I ran my fingers through her hair and rubbed the upper part of her shoulders. I got down onto my knees and went in for the kiss. Our lips met and I felt goose bumps on my back and arms. She lifted her feet up and with them pulled my lower torso tight against hers. I began to grind my hard shaft into her pubic mound as out tongues continued to swirl in each other's mouths. She bit my lip and with both hands, yanked my trunks down enough to expose my hard and thick 7 inches.

I pulled her shorts and bikini bottoms to the side as I sent a finger in to explore the slick folds of her pussy. I could feel her hair on my finger. She began to stroke my bell up and down. We were moaning and breathing like we were already fucking. It was such a turn on.

I pulled my finger out and stopped kissing long enough to pull her shirt and bikini top off to reveal her small but perky breasts. I attacked her left breast with a combination of sucks, kisses, and swirls around the sensitive nipples. She moaned more and I resumed fingering her with strokes and clitoral swirls.

She finally announced, "Fuck me now, please, fuck me now!"

I reached to her hips as she lifted her ass up so I could pull her shorts and bikini bottoms off. As I pulled them off, I saw she had a nicely trimmed bush, but not shaved at all. I kissed her belly and gave her pussy a good kiss, sticking my tongue in as far as I could and sucking her clit for a moment or two. Her pubic hair tickled my nose and had trapped that wonderful smell a pussy has when it's hungry for sex.

I stood up slightly and placed the head of my cock at the entrance of her pussy. She laid back on the bed and put her legs in the air behind me. I rode up and down the valley a few times, spreading her juices around and making her wait just a little longer.

I finally aimed and pushed enough into her folds to make the bell completely disappear. She gasped and I saw her rippled flesh as she tightened her stomach muscles. I put one hand under her left hip while the other squeezed her right breast. I pushed more and then pulled a little back out. She was tight and soaking wet with slick excitement.

"Oh fuck that feels good, "she said in a sexy relaxed voice."You're huge!"

I love to hear that even though I don't think I'm that big. It always excites me to know women think of me as huge though.

In a short while, I had stroked in and out, increasing my depth a bit each time, and I buried as much as I had into that lovely pussy. I went slow and made sure our bodies met each time I stroked. I leaned more over her and put my hands under her underarms as she laid on the bed on her back. I could hear the slurping sounds as my cock pushed in and out of her. I felt her legs against mine each time I pushed in. She reached up to take my shirt off. I helped her pull it over my head and off of my arms.

All of a sudden, she dug into my chest hair and then rubbed me up and down. I felt her pussy tightening down on my shaft and her eyes shut. She grabbed the hair on my chest as her mouth opened slightly and she said, "I'm.....gonna.....cum.....FUCK!"

I moved my hands to her hips and increased my pace to send her over the edge and added some throbbing to my cock as I fucked her harder and harder. She held on to my chest hair with one hand and bit her own finger with the other. I felt myself getting close at this point but didn't want to start cumming just as she came off of her orgasm.

She announced in a quick voice, "I'm cumming! Fuck my pussy hard! YES! YES! OH YES!"

I couldn't help it. I felt my cock itch for relief and I pushed into her harder and deeper than before. I grunted as I felt my cum release into her as she continued to cum on me. I could feel our juices mixing as I throbbed harder and shot as much cum into her as I could shoot.

We both came down off of our orgasms at the same time and I decreased to a very slow pace. I moved my softening cock in and out as she rubbed my chest and belly. I began to rub her side and belly with my left hand as my right held me steady. I reached down and felt her hairy mound. I knew I would be down there later taking care of business but for now, I am just enjoying this woman's beauty as we come down off of our sexual high.

We did spend the rest of the week doing much of the same, of course in many different positions, in many different places, and at many different times. I can't wait to see her again.