 She said she wanted steak for dinner, and so we planned to grill after dark. It was one of those hot, summer nights when it doesn't cool off, even after sunset. I had two beautiful steaks and a nice salad ready to go when she showed up. 

She was wearing a one of those half T-shirts that barely covered her breasts, and a pair of tight spandex shorts. I loved those on her; they looked spray-painted on, and let her really show off her great ass and legs. She said, "Hi! I have a great idea. We're going to have a picnic!" She told me to get started on the steaks, and she would take care of the rest. I grabbed the plate and headed outside to the grill and started the meat cooking. After a moment, she came out and said, "Oh, by the way, this is a nude picnic- no clothes allowed." Then she reached around me, untied my shorts, and pulled them down to my feet and off of me. There I stood, grilling in the nude, with my dick rising fast. She stroked it a few times and got me really hard, then grinned, and headed back inside. As she was walking away, she pulled her t-shirt up and off over her head. I could hardly wait for the steaks to finish cooking.

As I came back inside with the steaks, I saw that she had moved my coffee table to the side, and spread a blanket across the living room floor. She had plates, silverware, drinks, and everything else all set up like a picnic right there inside. "It's too hot outside, so I thought we would picnic in here where we have cooling... we're going to need it." She, of course, was completely naked, and was lying back against the sofa with her knees pulled up against her chest. That gave me an amazing view of her pussy, and she knew it. "We're going to eat first", she said. I knew what I wanted to eat, but went along with her, and dove into my salad and steak. She took a bite, and started to give me one of those looks, like this-is-the-best-steak-I've-ever-eaten looks. She had stretched out on her side and was slowly savoring every bite. I stretched out, too, with my hard dick hanging prominently out in front of me. She kept looking at it, and smiling.

Suddenly, she took her fingers, and dipped them into her drink, and then dripped onto the tips of her breasts. "Oops, I've spilled my drink. Could you help me clean it up?" I moved over and began to lick her nipples, then all over her breasts. She leaned back and moaned, enjoying the sensations of my tongue on her. Then she sat up and pushed me away, saying "Thank you for the clean up." What a tease! My dick was throbbing, but I sat back and resumed finishing my meal. Then she took her finger, and spilled more drink on her lower stomach, and the top of her pussy. "I think I've done it again," she said. This time I moved the plates aside, and began to lick off the spill from her navel to her thighs. I took my time and moved my tongue slowly down across her pussy, coming close to her clit, but teasing her without touching that spot. 

She went from laying there watching me to moving slowly, then squirming about. She arched her back, grabbed my ears, and pulled me tightly against her pussy. I was licking her quickly, and pushing my tongue into her, flicking every part of her in the area, and then she just started bucking and making the same sound, "Oh, oh, oh, ooooooooh!!!" She came in a huge rush, and was holding my face so tightly against her I could barely breathe. Finally, she let go, leaned back flat on the floor, and said softly, "Wow." That was a nice compliment; I guess I was doing something right!

After a few minutes of just enjoying each others' presence, I reached over to my drink, and dribbled a few drops onto my dick. It was twitching and as hard as I had ever seen it. "Looks like I spilled, too." I said. She had been watching the whole time, and got on her hands and knees, and crawled over to me. I leaned back against the chair, as she began to lick me. She started at the tip, and slowly, very slowly, licked her way down and around my entire shaft. With her fingertips, she gently tickled the hairs on my balls, and stroked the underside. She knew exactly what she was doing, and my dick rose up hard and ready to explode. She placed her mouth against the side of my dick, began to hum, and worked her way up and down, sending incredible vibrations into me. I was not going to last much longer, and she knew it. Just when I was about to pop, she turned around, laid her head on the floor with her ass up in the air pointed directly at me, and said, "NOW! I want you to be inside of me now!" She rotated her hips so her pussy was up and open and aimed right at me. I immediately plunged into her, and we both gasped with the feeling of how hot we were. My dick was like steel, and throbbing inside her. She was wet and tight, and her pussy was gripping me beyond anything I had ever felt before. I began to pump into her fast and hard. She was pushing back against me with the same speed, and we were both grunting and moaning in pleasure. Faster and faster we went, and at the same moment, we both went over the edge. I exploded into her pussy, and she could feel my cum blow into her. She screamed and squeezed her pussy, milking me for every drop. I spurted into her again and again, feeling my insides shooting out my dick. It was an incredible orgasm for us both.

We fell apart onto the blanket, both breathing hard and fast still, but both with huge grins. "That was the best steak I've ever had." She said.