 Saturday finally arrived, a day off. I had been working non-stop all week to finish the construction project on time. Due to the political pressure, it was all hands on deck to finish our building in time for the Press Summit. Even I, the managing director, had to spend long days and late nights with the rest of the crew lugging materials and swinging hammers. Every muscle in my body was sore. I needed relief and booked a massage appointment. 

It was a regular place for me. Well, regular as in it's the only place I go, not that I go that often. I went a few times a year. I knew the place and the staff recognized me. I even had a favorite masseuse. Her name was Laura. She wasn't hot or sexy but she had a cute look to her. I was single and didn't really have ridiculous standards for women but Laura flew under my date radar.

I arrived at 10:30am and checked in. Laura greeted me and showed me to my room. It was outside in a cabana. The table was in the center with palm fronds hanging down the edges of the cabana. It was peaceful on a not-yet warm summer day. I laid facedown as a slight breeze made the palms sway.

"Same as usual Tom?" Laura asked as she walked toward the table of oils.

"Yes, my back and shoulders are so tense. Could you work those mostly?"

"Certainly, just sit back and relax." And that I did. I trusted Laura. She knew the right amount of pressure I liked and where to spend more time.

I know normally that falling asleep during a massage is actually a compliment to your masseuse as it shows them you are not only enjoying it, but feel comfortable with them. I would normally dose during but today was different. There was something about Laura today that I couldn't quite put my finger on. Was it her smell? Was she tanner? I couldn't figure it out. All I know was that I couldn't take my mind off her.

She started the massage just like she always had. She moved to the front of the table and faced my feet, slowly working my shoulders. Her light touch felt amazing this morning. I soon became very aware that my face and head were ridiculously close to her vagina. Maybe it was her smell that had caught my attention? As she slowly worked her hands harder between my shoulder blades, my mind ran its own course. I couldn't help myself.

I felt like a horny teenager all of a sudden. I quickly found myself fantasizing about her. Her warm hands on my back and thin waist swaying in front of me certainly didn't help the situation. I felt a twitch in my cock. "Oh fuck!" I thought to myself. I had never had this problem with Laura before. She's going to want me to turn over soon and then what? 

My mind kept racing. I was imagining her climbing on top of me, straddling my sides topless. Her pouring warm oil onto my back and then leaning forward and sliding her tits all around my back. I was in trouble now. Granted I was laying down, my cock had stiffened quite a bit. It was uncomfortable, I needed to calm down or it would spring free the second I turned over. Then I would be sporting a tent. Then what would she think?

I wasn't nervous about having an erection but I didn't want to get her in trouble. I didn't want her to think I was some kind of pervert or that I expected a happy ending. I had to calm myself down. After these thoughts racing through my head, I could see myself asking her out but if this were to happen, surely I'd be done for. I changed the subject in my mind, trying to think of anything else.

Before I could get my cock to calm down, Laura said, "Turn over please." I was surely screwed now. I turned slowly, trying to catch my dick on my leg to at least keep it from standing at attention. When I laid on my back, the best I managed was to keep it level with the sheet. Still, it pushed up slightly on the blanket. I kept my eyes closed and hope she didn't notice.

Minutes felt like hours. Either she didn't notice, or she didn't say anything. My guess is that this probably was a normal reaction. She finished up the massage and frankly, I don't really remember much of it. She left the cabana and left me to calm down. I needed to relax. I pulled the robe off the wall and tied it around me. I peaked out of the cabana to make sure the coast was clear. I looked either direction and be-lined it to the sauna room.

The sauna was between the men's and women's locker rooms. The sauna itself had separate rooms. This allowed different settings and steam amounts based on your liking. I was still fighting my erection so I chose the third stall that had the highest steam setting. I opened the door and couldn't see two feet in front of me. Each room wasn't too large but could hold three people comfortably.

"Anyone else in here?" I asked the blank steam. No answer. Fwew, I thought. Each room had a lock that could be locked and unlocked from the inside or out. This allowed each person to steam in peace if they chose and showed the outside world the same. However, if a problem arose, anyone could unlock it really from the outside. I slid the lock closed and stepped forward. I felt the bench in front of me. I took off my towel and sat down. Instantly, the naughty thoughts I had of Laura came flooding back. My cock quickly responded and was soon at full mast.

Thank god I had some privacy. I grabbed the base of my cock with my right hand and squeezed, closing my eyes. Oh the thoughts I was having now! I lost myself in dream world, slowly stroking my shaft. I imagined her stepping into the steam room stark naked. She'd throw her towel to the side, walk over to me, and straddle my dick. She'd fuck me until we both came in a hot sweaty passionate mess.

My train of thought was broken when I heard voices from outside. It was muffled but it sounded like two women talking. I couldn't make out anything other than the sound of a sauna door opening and closing. It sounded like the room next to mine. I thought to myself, this would be quite the predicament if someone walked in. Airing on the side of caution, I started to reach for my towel to cover up should anyone choose to enter my room. Before I could cover myself, something, or should I say someone, fell into my lap.

Almost instantly, I realized it was a woman. Not because she was light weight, but because she had sat down perfectly centered on my lap and my cock had found her entrance. It was warm and wet. Neither of us said anything at first, her being as shocked as I was.

"Oh my!" She said, "My instinctive reaction was to jump off but might I say, I am enjoying the feel of your massive cock on me."

My initial reaction was to push her to the side and escape, hoping she didn't have a husband or the like waiting just outside that door. I had too long and hard of a week to be dropped into a fight for a misunderstanding. You couldn't make this stuff up! It felt like time had stopped. I was living any mans dream. I was hornier than I had been in a long time, just had a massage, and here I am with a hot pussy starting to drip onto my cock. I was in heaven. I couldn't think of anything to say.

She pushed herself into me a little and all I could manage was a moan, "Ohh!" She must have taken that as my approval because she started sliding herself towards me, rubbing herself on my cock. I moved my hands and held her waist. Her skin was so smooth. I soon found myself involuntary helping her slide on my shaft. I wanted more. I tried picking her up and she must have gotten the message. She turned around and straddled me. I couldn't quite make out her face just yet. The first thing I noticed were her breasts grazing my face. Oh how I wanted to suck on her nipple. Her breasts had to be a solid B-cup. They were perky and her nipples jutted out.

She lowered herself and I felt the tip of my cock at her entrance. She was on fire. Slowly, she lowered herself the rest of the way as my cock pierced her slit. She moaned the whole way down and bobbed up at the bottom. She bounced a couple times before she lowered her head to look at me. Inches from my face, I instantly realized, it was Laura. The shock met each of our faces simultaneously. By that time she had already found a decent rhythm riding my cock.

We looked into each other's eyes and gave a slight nod. My hands shot up her sides and grasped her perky breasts. My thumb and index finger rolled her nipples though my fingers. I slightly pinched each and she let out another moan. I looked into her eyes and we locked lips. The tension rose and her stroking quickened. I was fucking Laura. She had the tightest and hottest pussy I had ever known. My cock felt like it was on fire. She was so wet her pussy was dripping down onto my balls and pooling under my ass.

Her breathing turned to panting. I could tell she was close to an orgasm and thankfully because so was I. I held on as long as I could and then I felt her body start to convulse. She wrapped her arms around my neck. Her lips locked mine. Her back straightened and her pussy clamped down on my shaft. She squeezed the cum out of me. I pumped my seed deep into her as we both shook in each other's arms.

Seconds passed and we slowly relaxed our hold on one another. I was still so horny with the situation, I stayed hard inside her. She remained impaled on my member when she leaned back and looked into my eyes,

"I'm so glad it was you. I've always had kind of a crush on you and then to see you sporting an erection while I rubbed you down, I couldn't help myself. I wanted to jump you right there on the table."

"You have thoroughly relaxed me and greatly surpassed my expectations. I hope you don't provide this kind of treatment to all of your appointments. How about I massage you tonight? My place at 8?"

Laura smiled but didn't say anything. She squeezed her pussy walls around my cock and pumped once. She winked at me and then climbed off. My cock plopped out of her opening still half erect.

"I'll take that as a yes. You have my address in my file." I stood and put the towel around me. She was gone before I could reach the door. God this was going to be the beginning of a great relationship.