 Fingers of dawn crept through the blinds, tickling her out of her dreams. She groaned and rolled away from the light. She shimmied closer to the middle of the bed. She reached across the sheets and encountered empty space. She groped further but still encountered nothing. She blew her hair out of her face and squinted at the vacant bed beside her. The sheets were still warm and the pillow held the dent from his head. But she was alone in the bed. 

She huffed out a breath and sat up. A rumpled wad of fabric that resembled her skirt lay on the floor by the door and his briefs were just visible on the floor in the hallway. Her brow creased as she tried to remember where the rest of her clothes were. Memories of the kitchen table, and whipped cream eaten off her body filtered back to her. Oh yes, she thought. That kitchen table should be bronzed.

A pipe groaned and the sound of cascading water filtered out from the bathroom. A slow, wicked smile spread across her lips. She flung the sheets off and slipped across the room. She pressed her ear to the door. Yup, definitely the shower. She tried the handle. It turned easily in her hand and the door swung inwards. Oh what a gloriously trusting man, she grinned to herself.

Steam already filled the room, curling over the top of the shower and fogging up the glass enclosure. She could make out the shape of his frame inside. Her pulse quickened and her nipples puckered. Damn, but even the thought of him naked made her body react shamelessly.

She took just a minute to steal some of his mouthwash and grimace at her reflection. Good thing she was planning a seduction under running water.

With as much stealth as she could summon she opened the shower door. He was standing under the spray; his head tossed back, eyes closed. Water tracked in rivulets down his chest and stomach. She followed its path down his hips but got distracted by the sight of his erection. Her belly fluttered. Apparently she wasn't the only one with hopes of an encore performance. She slipped into the stall, pulling the door closed as quietly as possible. He was still simply standing there, letting the water pulse over him. She snagged the bar of soap from the dish next to his hip. Working the bar between her hands into a rich lather, she studied him. 

His dark hair was slicked back, his lashes spiky with drops of water. And there was a little puddle in the hollow at the base of his throat. She wanted to lap that puddle up. She closed the distance between them and ran her slick, soapy hands along his ribs.

"Mmmmm," his voice was husky and low, his eyes still closed. "I was wondering how long you were going to stand there."

"Knew I was here, did you? And here I thought I was being so stealthy." She gave in to her urge and licked at his collarbone.

The sound he made was something between a chuckle and a growl. "Sorry, princess, you're about as stealthy as a mack truck. You gargled." His hands gripped her waist, holding her tight against him. He angled his head to the left to give her better access. "Do that again."

She obliged, licking and sipping her way across his damp throat and chest as her sudsy hands tracked up and down his rib cage and around to his back. Working up fresh lather, she wiggled from his grasp and dropped to her knees. She wrapped one hand around his erection, squeezing gently as she stroked him. She slipped the other hand up his thigh and around to his butt. She looked up at him through her lashes, gauging his reaction. He gazed back at her through heavy lids over eyes like melted chocolate. She continued to stroke him, slowly and with just a little pressure.

"Is this okay?" she asked, hoping she was reading him right.

"Ah, princess... Yes, it's wonderful. This is your scene. You can do anything you want."

With a smile tipping her lips, she took him in her mouth. She stroked the tip of his penis with her tongue, sliding her hands up his thighs. Beneath her hands his muscles clenched. She caressed him with her lips and tongue, teased him with her teeth. She used her hands, arched into him so her breasts brushed his thighs. Desire flooded her system as she felt his body respond, heard his breath quicken.

"No more, baby." He hooked his hands under her arms and yanked her up. He turned her so she was standing under the spray. He smoothed her hair away from her face with both hands, tangling his fingers at her nape. Her mouth opened under his, warm and wet and welcoming. His thumbs stroked her scalp and, despite the warmth of the spray, her nipples tightened. He kissed her until she was sure she would never breathe again. 

He broke the kiss and spun her again; pressing her breasts against the cool, steam slick glass. She gasped, pressed back against him.

"I thought this was my scene," her protest sounded weak to her own ears.

"Lied," he whispered against her hair. His tongue stroked the shell of her ear. Shivers raced down her spine. He laced his fingers through hers and bracketed her head with their joined hands. She felt the pressure of his erection slide against the cleft of her ass. She bit her lip to keep from begging outright. His hips ground against her, dragging whimpering little cries from her throat. He continued to plunder her neck and shoulders. When he had her panting and quaking, so close to orgasm it hurt, he slipped into her.

He kept the rhythm slow and strong, keeping release just beyond reach. She pushed down, meeting him as he thrust She felt the coil of release start to build low in her belly, twisting tighter and tighter. He muttered an oath and increased the tempo. 

He released her hands to wrap his arms around her. He pinned her against him as he plunged faster and faster. It was too much, she gave up control and welcomed release. Pleasure coursed through her, wracking her body with waves of bliss. She cried out his name and dragged him over the edge with her.

Minutes later, still joined, they finally stopped shaking. He nuzzled her neck, biting the sensitive spot where it joined her shoulder. "Good morning, by the way."