 It was a blistering hot day, and the humidity was up as well. Thankfully the a/c our vehicles and the house worked good.

Dawn and I came home from running errands. Unloaded some groceries and other stuff.

Her 20 year old daughter was out and about somewhere.

Dawn had to head out in about an hour to go to a baby shower about 45 minutes North.

I went outside and went around checking the irrigation lines and timer. Trying to keep things watered well enough was a challenge in summer.

I waved to Dawn as she was about to head out. I was all the way back by the far fence line. 

Back up by the house, I watered the small raised bed garden that had tomatoes and rosemary and a few other things. I had to let the water run for a while, otherwise I would be watering the plants with hot water.

One thing always leads to another when you are outside doing things. Hot and sweaty, I had enough of being out. 

I walked out to the end of the drive and across the street to check the mail.

Tossing the ads onto the washer, I went to the thermostat to check the setting. Then I needed to get a shower.

Having a nice walk in shower was a plus. Plenty of room. The prior home owners apparently had the work done. And they had a Jacuzzi tub installed along the one wall as well. But it rarely got used. It took a long time to fill. So it was basically a big wasted space.

I turned the water on. Got all lathered up. Washed my hair. Turned on the shower massage and let it hit my upper and lower back. 

We would typically just leave the door to the bath open when we showered in the afternoons. The vent fan didn't do that great a job clearing the steam. So leaving the door open helped.

Soaping up my penis and balls, I closed my eyes and relaxed, letting the water relax my back muscles. My shaft stirred a little bit. I stroked my soapy cock slowly until I had a nice hard on. Another minute of rinsing off. Then turned the water off.

I used the squeegee to get the water off the tiles. It didn't take long.

I stepped out onto the bath rug and grabbed a towel off the hook. Dried off my hair. And upper body.

Moving over to the Jacuzzi surround, I put my foot up on a larger section where you could actually sit if you wanted.

Dried off my lower left leg. My cock still large but not a full hard on.

I glance over to the door, and Karen is standing there leaning against the frame, looking at me.

"Hey, I didn't hear you come in." I said.

"I got back about five minutes ago. Where's my mom?" She said.

"She went to that baby shower a bit ago." I said.

"Oh yea. That's right. I forgot." She said.

As I wrapped the towel around my waist, I could see her looking at my cock. It was now bulging from behind the towel a bit.

"So what are you up to today?" I asked, as I leaned against the counter.

"Not much. I bought some new shirts when I was out." she said. 

"Oh. Let me see them." I said.

She went and got the bag and brought it back in the bath. Taking out the one, it was a teal color, short sleeve.

"This one was on sale." She said. "You probably will like how it fits me."

"Well let me see then." I said.

She grabbed a scissor from the drawer and cut the tags off. Then pulled off her t-shirt, unhooked her bra and put the new teal top on.

My cock started to rise. Her tits looked fabulous in the new top. Cleavage showing. Her nipples poking nicely out. She fixed her hair in the mirror and did a little turn around.

"What do you think?" She asked.

"I definitely like that one." I said. "Good choice."

"Yes, I can tell." She said, looking at my towel.

She got down on her knees in front of me and ran her hand over the towel. My cock grew harder. It popped out from the towel, and she wrapped her mouth around it. Gently sucking it.

"I'm liking that top more and more." I said, closing my eyes.

She cupped my ball in her hand and massaged them, while sucking me deeper. I put my hand on her head lightly as she tried to take my full hard shaft. She managed more than half.

I steadied myself on the counter with my hands. The towel caught between me and the counter. It had fallen away completely in front.

She was taking her time sucking me. It felt so damn good. She bent lower and gently sucked on my balls. Then licking her way up the shaft.

Karen looked up at me as her tongue played with the tip of my throbbing shaft. And then slowly sucked my shaft into her mouth. Her hands on my stomach.

"Oh man that feels incredible. I want you to make me cum." I said.

She moved her hand to my balls and massaged my sack, while she sucked more firmly and a bit faster.

"Oh fuck. I'm going to cum." I said.

I watched her as my cock exploded hot jizz in her mouth. She gagged slightly and let it drip onto her new shirt. She kept sucking me until the spurts stopped. Took her mouth off, swallowed and put my cock back in her mouth and sucked it some more. Her hand still massaging my balls.

She used the towel to wipe her face and shirt a bit and stood up.

I leaned to her and kissed her.

"I think you will need to wash those new shirts." I said.

"Yes, that's a good idea."

Then she took her bag and walked out of the master bath.

I just rested against the counter, wondering what just happened.

One thing was certain, she sucked cock just as good as her mom.