 Sometimes my wife Sonja and I feel so naughty after some of our extra-marital adventures and maybe just a little guilty and embarrassed. We thought perhaps we should come up with a way to off-set that guilt and come up with a ritual to help us to return to our normal or vanilla husband and wife relationship which we do both cherish. 

We started trying to come up with an image of how normal married couples are supposed to act, like in some of the old 1950s sitcom or some old black and white movies from the 1940s. We both laughed at the cliché of the perfect 1950s housewife, baking a batch of cookies in her frilly apron and the clueless husband sitting in an arm chair smoking a pipe and doing whatever they did back then.

We watched some old movies and TV shows to see how to dress to play out our fantasy just to help us get into character and we started checking out some vintage clothing websites when found a number of period style dresses that we both liked. One dress made a reference to the dress from the movie The Summer of 42. The movie images and the whole older women and younger man taboo subplot sealed the deal and had us both making up other role playing ideas and getting turned on before we even hit the buy button. 

My wife foolishly raised the issue of what to wear underneath the dress. I did not hesitated to offer up the idea of some Betty Page style lingerie in the form of a black garter belt, black sheer nylon stockings and black stilettos. She offered up some token resistance to the idea just to tease me and to pull my chain before picking out an outfit that made me hard just thinking about it on her. 

We spent more than an hour looking at various vintage lingerie sites and buying a number of different sets of sexy items including a couple of corsets, you know we had to buy enough stuff to get the free shipping, right? 

For me, my wife picked out a baggie pin stripe suit with a gray Bogie style fedora hat. She also spent a lot of time contemplating a James Bond tuxedo which she abandoned after I asked which Bond girl she would be. She spent a lot of time picking out my silk boxers and looking at various assortments of thongs while lingering much too long on the male models in the ad offering up a detailed critique of how well they filled out the merchandise.

In the days prior to our performance we had gone through a number of bottles of wine and teasing sessions to come up with a loose script on how this scene should play out. The original objective of the process was to try and act like a normal married couple but for some reason the planning always ended up as some kinky sexual fantasy. In the end we made up a catch phrase "keep it vanilla" and agreed we would try and stick to the script.

When our new outfits arrived we had almost as much fun dressing each other and getting into character as we did playing the role. I left the house took a short 15 minute drive around the neighborhood and gave Sonja time to get into character and to make her preparations. 

When I returned home I parked in the driveway and came in through the front door instead of the garage like I normally did just to deviate from my normal entrance. 

I opened the door with, "Lucy I'm home." just to add a little humor to my performance. 

My lovely wife pranced up to me just inside the doorway greeted me with her girlish smile and a tender kiss, "Welcome home my husband" she exclaimed while she wrapped her arms around my legs and begged me to pick her up and spin her around the room, as I did I replied "good to be home my loving wife" 

She was wearing the fifties style dress we had bought with a lace collar and an attached belt cinching it on her waist. My lovely wife now in her late forties still had an hourglass figure very much like that of decades past, and the vintage era dress complimented it. The dress had buttons down the front, puffed up short sleeves and came down to below her knees ending in a lace hem. She accented the dress with a pearl necklace and black three inch heels. 

Her long black hair was now all puffed up with lots of hair spray to hold it in place, and her make-up was just a shade too heavy accenting her red lips and sparkling green eyes. She was a goddess and an incredibly sexy woman in any decade.

She removed my fedora and placed it on a small table in the foray. After she noticed I was looking at myself in the hallway mirror instead of her. She gave me a slightly disapproving look and then slowly headed into the living area with hips swaying from side to side making sure I gave her my full attention. 

"Are you ready to feed your hungry man" I asked. That sounded like a great opening line and one that any man of that decade would ask.

"Dinner will be ready in 10 minutes" she replied. 

She served me a beer and we sat down, waiting for the chicken she was cooking to be done. 

At the appropriate time we transitioned over to the dining room where she proceeded to load up the dinner table she had already set with the exquisite meal she had prepared just for this occasion. 

She flittered around the room gliding back and forth between the stove and the dinner table sometimes dancing like she was in some Broadway musical. I enjoyed the theatrics almost as much as she did. She even sang or hummed to make it more theatrical stopping intermittently to caress my cheek and give me a little peck on the cheek to make sure she had my full attention and was playing my part. 

We ate while exchanging some light hearted small talk and then occasionally some playfully touching and teasing of each other with sultry looks and sexual innuendos.

After dinner we retired to the living room couch, she had a glass of wine and I poured myself a double shot of bourbon. 

We both tried to set there and keep our hands off each other to simply talk and act like two people with no sexual interest or desire for the other. 

Midway through the second round of drinks the sexual tension was growing. We both were leaning closer towards each other as we flirted with both of us using our verbal and visual foreplay trying to be subtle in our mutual seduction trying to see just how long the other could hold out. 

The lust and desire was growing more powerful inside both of us wanting to tear off our clothes and start clawing at each other like wild beasts in the jungle. 

At one point, Sonja slipped her foot along the side of my calf and stroked it for a moment. She was shifting and squirming in her seat, crossing her leg over her knee and letting her shoe dangle off her foot she looked so fucking hot. Her sexuality was screaming at me, making my skin glow hot, my pulse was racing, and my cock was growing painfully hard. She then took my hand into one of hers and held it awhile her other hand rested on my thigh.

As I set my drink down she turned to face me and I cupped her face with both hands and kissed her for a long time. I made sure to start softly and sensually by lightly licking her lips as I kissed her before becoming more urgent with my tongue against the corner of her mouth while I caressed her face. Then I started kissing her hard...very hard...as I started running my hands through her hair. I would occasionally grip her head as I kissed her. She immediately started getting aroused and she started softly whimpering as I finished the kiss.

I looked steadily into Sonja's emerald green eyes for several seconds before allowing my gaze to travel down her features, down her neck to the full heaving mass of her majestic bosom. This was a sight that would take any man's breath away, watching her breasts rise and fall rapidly, just the sight of her body sent powerful thrills throughout my body. 

She leaned over and wrapped herself around me for a passionate kiss, at the end of which, Mr. Happy was straining to bust out of my baggie trousers. She promptly unzipped me and I stared into her face as she released my cock from my pants. Her left hand with her gold wedding ring shimmering she firmly held my shaft while she played between her own legs gathering a bit of wetness that was slowing beginning to signal her excitement. 

With the tips of her shiny fingers, she began 'the swirl'. Ever so lightly circling the tip of my cock, it was a torturous tease ...like water torture. Slow and deliberate. Her fingertip went around and around hypnotizing my cock. I actually held my breath when she paused to gather lube from her pussy, again with the delicious circles. I was determined not to cum yet, but her skills were causing my body betray me. 

My eyes flew open and were instantly pierced by hers. My thoughts sank deeper and deeper as her fingers went round and round, swirling, taking me dangerously close towards an orgasm. I was rocking back and forth as she picked up speed. My cock was leaking and she amalgamated that fluid with her own. 

Then suddenly and without so much as a how-do-you-do, her head went down and she swallowed me whole. When she came up for air, we looked at each other, we both smiled and she then lamented "well so much for keeping it vanilla." All I could do was smile and nod in agreement.

I thought she would finish me off but instead she casually stood up walked across the room and pour herself another glass of wine all the time giving me a very devilish smile enjoying the fact she had purposely left me hanging.

If the game wasn't over for her then I was damn well going to make sure I continued playing my part but using my own rules.

I swallowed the last sip of bourbon in my glass, walked over and took her firmly by the arm. 

"I think you have some wifely duties to perform." I suggested in my deepest most manly voice. 

Her first reaction was her eyes flared and I could tell she was ready to tell me to go to hell. Then in a moment of hesitation I could see her body relax and she went back into character. 

"Yes a good wife does whatever her husband wants, it's her job to please him." she replied as she rolled her eyes.

I had never heard those words out her mouth before and I knew I would undoubtedly never hear them again so I had better appreciate the moment for all it was worth.

"Okay then let's see if you're as good in the bedroom as you are in the kitchen" I said as I gave her a slap on the ass and motioned her towards the bedroom all the time wondering how the hell did men get away this stuff way back before the women's liberation movement. 

We walked down the hall and into our master bedroom. She walked in past me and I shut the door. To the left was our king size bed, across from it my wife's make-up table, flanked by shelves, and in the far corner a small dressing chair.

I sat down in the bed and Sonja came to stand in front of me.

"Take off that dress." I demanded like some strong over bearing husband might say.

In silent obedient response Sonja undid the buttons on the front of her dress, slowly one by one pausing momentarily with each button to gauge my reaction eventually finishing with the buckle at her waist casting it to the ground. She worked the dress off her shoulders and it slid down her form to fall on the floor around her three inch heels. She stepped out of it, picking it up, folding it like a good wife did—or so I was told and sat it on her make-up table. She came back to stand in front of me, waiting for my next instructions. 

I took a moment to revel in the sight. The figure in front of me was still amazing for her age. A pair of shiny black satin panties caressed her hips perfectly, cut low enough to reveal a start of a mass of raven curls edging over the top and I knew from experience covering very little skin from behind. 

The bra was black lace, with under-wire for support that lifted her but did little in covering her. Her tasty nipples peaked out over the black fabric like a fleshy sunrise crying out for my attention. 

As fun as the tease was, I wanted more. "Take off the bra." I commanded her.

Sonja's right hand snaked behind her to undo the hooks with practiced ease. She pushed the strap off the left shoulder, then the right. With her arms at her side she let the bra slowly fall down her body. Without the underwire, Sonja's breasts sagged ever so slightly but were still magnificent.

"Panties too." I insisted in a deep manly voice.

Her hands slipped inside the edges of her panties, hooking her thumbs to slide them off her hips. Doing so brought her arms together, pushing her breast together accenting them. Sonja shifted her hips, first left then right. As she did she slid the panties off her hips like a pair of tight jeans. 

Like the bra, when the panties were past her hips they fell to the floor. Sonja bent over picked up her lingerie and sat them with her dress. She stood there in heels and pearls, my eyes taking in every curve, every line before me. 

I stood up. "Raise your arms above your head."

A faint smile flickered across Sonja's face as she raised her arms, lacing her fingers above the hair on the back of her head. The motion pulled up her breasts proudly displaying them in all their grandeur.

I stepped forward, cupping each breast squeezing them while staring deep into her eyes looking for her reaction. I could feel her nipples start to harden under my touch. I moved my hands to the sides of her breasts to show a pair of dusky rose nubs protruding just slightly off center of each respective breast. I flicked them in turn, squeezing them between forefinger and thumb, noticing a long released breathe and sigh as I did.

"Turn around." I motioned to her.

She complied, and coming up from behind her with my left hand I gripped her right butt check, kneading it in my hand, and then did likewise to the left. I finished with a hard slap centered across her butt. 

"Back around and spread your legs." I instructed and she immediately complied.

I rested my left hand on her abdomen, feeling the muscles under the soft skin and flesh. I stepped closer and dipped my hand down, playing with the trimmed mass of curls, sliding my palm across each of her thighs—coming back to her pubic hair after each caress. Finally, I slipped down, slowly parting her labia, sliding my finger down and just barely into her vagina.

I had been watching my own progress in the mirror on her dressing table, I glanced up to her eyes, "You're already wet, you little minx. Ready to satisfy your man like a good little wife should, huh?"

Put your arms down. Get on your knees"

Arms to her side, Sonja straightened and then lowered her self-down to kneeling position in a single fluid motion.

During the day I had played out different scenarios of this in my mind. I unbuckled my belt, pushing it aside just enough to unbutton and unzip my slacks. In one motion I pulled down my boxer shorts to below my knees, leaving them there.

I was already erect, the sight of my wife's nudity was better than Viagra for me. Sonja's eyes stayed on my own with just quick glances at my member.

"Take hold of it with your hand and stroke me."

Sonja reached out with her right hand and gripped hold of my member. She held me with just two fingers and a thumb, barely moving the foreskin more than an inch. Her eyes now focused on her task not giving me any eye contact.

She was performing her part as if it was the first time she had ever touched a man like this. I had intended from the start to have her blow me but know I decided to amp it up some. Since she was acting the submissive and innocent girl, I would play off her lead.

"Put that cock in your mouth and suck it."

Sonja leaned in, opening her mouth barely, never taking her eyes off my own. Her two fingers continued the light rubbing of my shaft as she put her lips on the tip of the head doing more of a butterfly kiss than oral sex.

She was playing right into what I wanted, "Further in." I commanded.

Her lips parted enough for her to now take most of the head in but not all and still keeping a limp hold on the shaft. 

With a sigh of annoyance I said, "Let go and lean back." 

She complied. 

I reached down and squeezed her right breast, then stepped up in front of her my feet slightly a part staring down at her, my erect member was all but brushing against her face. "Open your mouth."

She stared at the one-eyed snake in front of her, barely opening her mouth.

"All the way." I insisted.

Sonja glanced up at me then back down. She opened her mouth wide this time.

"Good girl." I grabbed the side of her head with my wedding ring hand, burying my fingers into the long strands of her hair, and pulled her mouth onto my cock and held her. I was face fucking my wife. Her eyes were closed and she held the position, breasts squeezed together, as I had commanded while I used her mouth.

I made a point of stopping short of gagging her, pushing a little over half way past those soft lips. I pushed her head back, sliding out and then pulled her back on holding her there enjoying the sensation of her tongue squirming underneath me. 

I thrust my hips forward this time pushing deeper inside her mouth, I would occasionally pull back a couple inches before repeating the thrust, back and forth, enjoying the tingling sensation of the underside of my penis sliding over her tongue, plunging in as if I were pushing into her vagina.

I realized I was going to lose control if I kept this up. I was tempted to unload in her mouth, but I had already made other plans. At my age, a repeat performance wasn't necessarily fifteen minutes away like when I was twenty. I really didn't want to end this with using a vibrator to finish her off.

I pulled out, let go of her head, and stepped back. She was breathing heavy, her breasts heaving, and her nipples dark and hard with excitement. One of her hands had slipped between her legs which were parted slightly. Her hand was limp now, but I would have guessed she had been playing with her clit just moments before.

When I was certain that I was not going to shoot my load, I whispered. "Stand up."

A little shaky Sonja did as I instructed. I grabbed her shoulders turning her away from me and toward the make-up table. I put a hand on her head, the other on her back and bent her over. Sonja grabbed the table with her hands out stretched far enough away that she could not lie over the table, grasping it on either side and with her tits hanging downing, swaying back and forth slightly. 

I pushed her legs apart, "wider, slut." Submissively, her thighs and the rest of her legs opened, now beckoning me to move between her relaxed waiting legs that had stiffened and were now locked into place ready to be taken. I smiled to myself as I could tell she was preparing herself for anything that might happen. 

Her sexy round ass was exposed to me. I couldn't help wanting to grab her and just the fuck the shit out of her right then and there, she was so open and vulnerable to me, but I knew I had to hold back and follow through with her. I reared my hand back and gave her sexy ass a very hard slap, causing her body to sway forward a tad.

We were both staring at the reflection of ourselves in mirror on her dressing table like voyeurs watching two unsuspecting strangers committing unspeakable acts of adultery. I didn't recognize myself, it was another face in the mirror standing behind this woman taking control of and using her body. My wife stared back at me, her look was both defiant and one of submission ready to surrender all control to the unknown stranger in the mirror that was preparing to devour her. 

I grabbed hold of her hips, and forced my hard cock into her waiting cunt. I rested my palms on each of her ass cheeks, both of which were extremely hot and I'm sure my cool hands felt good to her against her cheeks. 

I could see a smile broke the surface of her lips, and I thrust my cock in her harder and deeper. I kept rubbing her skin as I fucked her, slowly at first and then eventually harder and more intently I reached up with one hand and gripped her hair hard and jerked it back. She let out a moan, from the pleasure, and I felt her inner walls twitching around my hard cock. She was teetering on the edge trying to hold back with all her might fighting against what now was to be her inevitable fate.
