 (This story is dedicated to my loving and encouraging husband.)

*

Stella knew that she had it made in her relationship. She had a wonderful man who she knew would never be unfaithful and who, obviously, loved her back very much. They were not rich but they were comfortable - living together. They had their own home, two cars and a motor home which was her escape from the "real" world. Their vacations were always exciting because they tried to go to different places and they never lacked for money to buy a few luxuries. Why was Stella so restless??

She knew. As much as she loved and cherished Ben, in the back of her mind, she couldn't help but remember her first real love and wondered what happened to him. They were young and inexperienced in their relationship and because of their immaturity soon were interested in other people and places. For years, she thought of him and wished that she could see him to see if he still felt the same way that she did. She never wanted to hurt Ben or her family but just couldn't get over Leland. 

***

In her solitary moments, her mind drifted back to those warm, summer nights when they would sit in the swing on her parents' porch and listen to the birds and smell the jasmine. It was a romantic time that she never wanted to end. She remembered how his lips felt on hers and she wanted that again. She remembered how he smelled -- clean with a hint of aftershave and she longed to smell it again. There were the times at the drive-in movie where she could have him all to herself in the dark and kiss him as much as she wanted. She thought these times would never end and they would eventually get married and live happily ever after.

When Lee (as she called him) left for college, she was devastated because he had gotten a scholarship to a college across the country. She had to stay around the old home town and go to a local college so they parted with tears streaming down her face. He promised to write every day but she knew that there was no way he could keep that promise but, in the back of her mind, she hoped he would. For the first few months, the letters came as he said and little by little, they became fewer and fewer. Stella knew in her stomach that he had found someone else. 

There were still eligible men around town who wanted to date her and for those first few months, she turned each one down because she felt as if she were being faithful to Lee. After the communications became fewer, she started accepting date offers and she started to come alive again. Just being able to get out and go to dinner or a movie was a relief to staying home and pining away for Lee. Before long, a new man was seen around town and she wondered who he was. Someone told her that his name was Benjamin and he was from the Midwest coming to help get a new company on its feet. He was a little older and so attractive but she didn't think she had a chance with him. 

One day, she was coming out of the pharmacy and not paying any attention and walked right into him. She backed up and looked into his green eyes and couldn't think of anything to say but a haltingly, "excuse......me......." as her face started to pink up.

He reached out and held her by her shoulders and looked into her big, brown eyes and said, "Why, it's my pleasure, Pretty Lady." By then her face was starting to heat up because she couldn't say another word. 

"How about I buy you a soda to make up for my clumsiness.....err.......???

"Ste.....llla............." she finally was able to say as she started breathing again.

"Was that Stella, My Sweet?"

"Yes" 

"So how 'bout that soda?"

"Yes"

"We're going to have to do something about that speaking problem that you have.."

Stella lowered her eyes in embarrassment as he led her to a booth. 

"You can call me Ben if you like. What would you like?"

Getting her voice back, she said, "a diet Coke, please."

"All right and I'll have the same," Ben said to the waitress. "Now, Miss Stella, tell me about yourself."

"There's not much to tell. I attend the local college."

"Ok, what are you studying?"

"Just the main courses now. I'm not sure what I want to major in yet."

"Oh, so you haven't 'found yourself' so to speak."

"I guess not. There are so many different things that I haven't made up my mind yet. Tell me what you do."

"Well, I'm originally from Nebraska and I'm here to manage the new company that will soon be here."

"Are you married?"

"Oh, the direct approach, huh??? No, I never had time for that because I was always studying and trying to make my first million dollars."

"Really? Have you succeeded?"

"Not yet, My Pretty Lady, but I'm working on it."

Stella couldn't help but stare into his eyes as he talked. They were the most beautiful green that she had ever seen and she was mesmerized. She could tell that he really wasn't that much older than she was even though he had such a top notch job. She couldn't believe that she was actually sitting and having a conversation with him.

"Would you consider having dinner with me tonight and showing me around the town?" 

"Well, I don't really know you."

"Well, how else are you going to get to know me if you don't let me take you out?"

"I guess that's a fair question and I could meet you some place if you like."

"If that will make you feel more comfortable, that will be fine. Where would you like to go?"

"Our town is not that big but we have several different kinds of restaurants here. What kind of food do you like?"

"Home made mostly but until you get to know me better, I suppose we better stick to the restaurants, right?"

"I'd love to cook for you once we do get to know each other. What kind of food for now though?"

"How about good, old fashioned Southern food? Someone told me about a good 'mom and pop' kind of establishment, do you know it?"

"Oh, yes, and their food is so good especially the desserts. What time shall we meet?"

"Is seven all right? We don't want too early or too late."

"Seven it is. I will see you there."

"Don't stand me up, Ste..lla'

"I don't plan to Ben," Stella said with a smile as he teased her about the way she said her name at first. 

She left the pharmacy feeling as if everything in her world had just turned upside down. For the first time in many months, the sadness had somehow vanished from her heart and a giddiness had replaced it. Stella felt like a new woman.

When she got home, she showered and searched for the perfect outfit for her date. She pulled back her shoulder-length hair and pinned it so that her curls would cascade down in back. The little black dress that she chose fit her in all the right places -- not too tight but comfortably snug where it should be to show off her curves. Her v-neck was perfect for her to wear her pearl necklace so she looked dressy enough but not too formal. When she put on her shoes and looked in the mirror, she saw a glow on her face that had not been there for a while. She was pleased with the way she looked and hoped that he would agree.

After parking, she walked in and was ushered to a table where Ben was already waiting. Stella could tell by the way that he looked at her that he was pleased with her appearance.

"I hope you haven't been waiting long."

"No matter -- I would have waited for a princess like you forever."

Stella's face started to turn pink again as she sat down. She looked around the room and noticed that several people were watching her with Ben. She looked stunning and they showed their approval too. Ben was even more handsome than this afternoon if that were possible. He was very distinguished and every woman in the room was wanting to be with him.

As they ate, the conversation continued so that they could find out more about each other. By the end of the meal, Ben had taken Stella's hand and she would have sworn that there was a spark when their hands touched. 

After the meal, they left to walk around the small town. Stella showed him all the points of interest and they ended up sitting in the park in the middle of the town. The night air was cool so Ben gave his coat to her and she snuggled up next to him on the park bench. They sat for hours it seemed hardly talking but just enjoying each other's company. Ben walked her to her car and asked if he could see her again.

"I'd be delighted," Stella said softly and Ben kissed her gently on the lips and told her good night. She was in a state of euphoria as she drove home. There was no way that she could sleep so she sat by the window and watched the stars until the morning rays of sunlight shown on her face. She wasn't tired at all as she relived her evening with Ben over and over.

It was as if they couldn't get enough of each other so they were together as much as they could manage -- seeing movies, attending the high school football games, taking lazy boat rides on the lake. Stella felt herself falling hopeless in love with Ben and she could tell by his eyes that he felt the same way. 

After many months, Ben took her to a posh restaurant and after they ate, he got down on his knees and proposed to her with a glittering diamond ring that took her breath away.

The people in the restaurant stopped eating and broke into applause when she said, "yes" with tears in her eyes. When she looked at Ben, his eyes were tearing also as she jumped into his arms. Stella had not been this happy in a long time and Lee was no where in her thoughts right now.

Ben held on to her tightly as they were leaving the restaurant because he wanted her as close to him as he could get. He wanted to make this night as perfect as he could so that she would always remember. He drove into the night with Stella's head on his shoulder. When he didn't take her home, she asked, "Where are we going?"

"My Love, I want you to remember this night as long as you live so I have some surprises for you."

"Oh..........................." was all she could manage.

Before she knew it, they were in Atlanta and the lights of the city always enchanted her. Driving right downtown and into the parking garage of a very, very expensive hotel, she only got more excited. After checking in, when they got to the door of their room, Ben picked Stella up and carried her over the threshold and laid her on the huge bed. She felt as if she were in Heaven as the room -- or suite -- was amazing with a sitting room and bedroom with antique furniture and champagne cooling by the side of the bed and chocolate mints on the pillows. There were flowers all around the room and a fruit basket on the dresser. 

Ben had a look in his eyes that she had not seen before and she was feeling very warm and fuzzy herself. He lay down beside her and kissed her neck and her face and her eyes and finally her lips. The tingles that he was causing were traveling all over her body and she never wanted him to stop. 

He sat her up and unzipped her dress very slowly and then raised it up and over her head. She was sitting in her black bra and panties and he wanted to eat her up. Carefully, he removed her bra and laid her back down and proceeded to kiss her chest and down her stomach. Stella was having a hard time breathing and there was no way she could lie still so she kicked off her panties. Ben swirled his tongue in her belly button and then kissed down her stomach causing her to giggle. 

Not letting any part of her anatomy go untouched, he worked his way back up her body to her breasts. He kissed all around her full breast and then the other one before he kissed her nipple. Stella arched her back to help him but he was in no hurry and she was becoming very anxious to have more. Holding her breasts with both hands, he licked one nipple and then the other and she gasped with the electrical jolts that traveled directly to her clit. He licked all around each nipple and then sucked one into his mouth as he manipulated the other with his fingers. 

The heat from Stella's body could have fried an egg. Leaving her breasts, Ben kissed down her body again to her pussy and he separated her legs so that he could see. The smell of her and seeing her juices flow was only an aphrodisiac to him and he was as hard as a rock -- but -- he was not going to take her too soon. 

Holding her legs, Ben licked her pussy from the bottom to the top and gently chewed on her outer lips. Stella was nearly out of her mind with desire when he parted her lips and licked inside. He had to hold her tightly to keep his face in her pussy. Her juices were flowing and he licked the sweet nectar as he worked his way to her clit. Holding her lips apart with his thumbs, he lightly licked her clit until he took it in his lips and sucked. That was it for Stella and she exploded in the most powerful climax she had ever given herself. As her juices covered Ben's face, he tried very hard to drink as much as he could. 

After Stella's trembling stopped, Ben moved up to lie beside her and kissed her deeply letting her taste herself. She said, "I never knew it could be like that. I haven't told you but I've never had sex before."

Ben was shocked and leaned back to get a good look at her face. He was certain that she had had sex with her former boyfriend because of all that she had told him. He gathered her to himself and asked, "Are you sure you want to do this?"

"More than anything in the world -- I want you."

That's all that Ben wanted to hear so he took her hand and placed it on his cock that was as hard as he could remember. He was almost in pain because he wanted her so much. With lighting speed, he tore his clothes off. She giggled watching him and then giggled again when his cock jerked in her hand. Ben kissed her with as much passion as his body could muster and her return kiss was just as passionate. His hand slid down her body and she separated her legs for him. He felt she was still very wet and he wanted to make sure he didn't hurt her. 

Ben positioned himself between her legs and placed her legs around his waist. Holding his cock, he rubbed it up and down her pussy to get it as wet as possible and then pushed the head gently into her pussy. Little by little he pushed until he felt her maidenhead. He still could not believe that the woman that he loved so dearly was a virgin. 

Leaning over, he kissed her deeply and pushed through her barrier and she gasped in his mouth and a tear ran down her face. He stayed very still until she got used to the feeling of being so filled. Surprisingly, the pain subsided and all she could feel was desire for this gentle man. 

Slowly, he began to move inside her and her legs tightened around him helping when he slid back inside to get as deep as possible. Stella was feeling sensations that she had never felt before or even believe existed. She was wild with desire and Ben was trying his best to hold back until she could cum. Finally, she said breathlessly, "I'm cum......ming!!" Ben then let go and both felt the waves of their climaxes wash over them in pleasure. 

He froze to empty his body of all his pent-up cum and her legs tightened around him to hold him inside for as long as she could. Then they collapsed together on the bed and held each other tightly as they lost themselves in their kiss. 

When they could get their breaths back, Ben very quietly said, "I love you more than I ever thought I could love anyone."

"And I love you, too!!"

Ben pulled the cover over them as he heard Stella sleeping gently. He lay there just looking at his lovely lady and couldn't believe how fortunate he was to have found her and then he slept, too.

**************

The soft rays of the sun streamed in the window causing Stella to wake to find Ben lying next to her propped on his elbow watching her. "Oh, my, I must look awful this morning," she said. 

"You are the loveliest creature I have ever seen -- no matter what time of day."

"I'm so glad that you haven't had that eye surgery yet."

"Ha! Ha! You know I mean what I say. Before you, there was only work but I knew that there was something missing and you were that something. I just didn't know that I would find someone who fills that empty spot like you do -- and then to look like you do. And on top of that, to bless me with your virginity. You are truly lovely and I love you very much." 

"I have never known anyone like you before. I have dated many guys but only one that I thought I would marry and he disappeared from my life. I didn't think that I would get over him but he also disappeared from my heart. You are the man I want to grow old with and I love you, too."

"Now, let's don't get too old too fast now."

"You big silly! What shall we do today?"

"Well, if it's all right with you, I'd like to do again what we did last night."

"I would love to but I'm kind of tender in that spot so can we wait a little while? How about a little breakfast? Can we have room service?" 

"Whatever you desire, My Lady!!" and he called and ordered a full breakfast. 

After leisurely eating their breakfast out on the terrace, they decided that a shower would do both of them a lot of good. Stella ran the water and when it was just the right temperature, stepped in with Ben close behind her. The water cascaded over their bodies relaxing the muscles that they had used last night. Ben couldn't help but feel of her body with his soapy hands pulling her tightly against his body. She looked up into his emerald green eyes and felt herself melting against him. 

"We need to get down to business and finish so that we can go and see the sights."

"Yes, I know but I'm so comfortable in your arms right now."

"Well, if you don't stop, I'm afraid that we won't see many sights today except right here in this room."

"Would that be so bad?" Stella asked.

"Not to me..............I could stay in your arms forever." As Ben rubbed his hands up and down her back and squeezing her cheeks. He turned her around and let her lean back against him as his soapy hands covered the front of her body giving special attention to her breasts. 

Ben watched as her nipples hardened under his touch so he continued teasing and tweaking them to keep them hard. With one hand, he held her close to him and let his other hand slip down her stomach to her pussy. She jumped as his slick finger touched her clit and he smiled to himself. Ben manipulated her nipple and continued to rub her clit at the same time and Stella was again alive with arousal. He felt that she might be getting close so he turned her around again and rinsed her and washed himself very quickly and turned off the water. Jumping out of the shower, Ben grabbed a large towel and dried her and wrapped one around his waist. 

"I'll race you to the bed," Ben said and tore out of the bathroom.

"That's not fair, you had a head start" Stella said as she fell into the bed after Ben.

"So what are you going to do to me for cheating?"

"How about this?" as she pushed him back on the bed. Getting into a comfortable position, she filled her hands with his cock and let it slip up and down in her fingers. 

"Ooooooo I could take this kind of punishment a lot."

"Quiet, I have work to do here." Holding his cock in one hand, she kissed the very top and then licked all around the head. Hearing Ben gasp only made her smile knowing that he liked what she was doing. She kissed all around his balls and took one in her mouth and hummed and he jumped. Never in his life had he felt anything like the vibrations that were traveling through his body. She left that one and took the other one in her mouth and did the same thing. 

Ben was completely lost to what she was doing and when she licked under his cock all the way to the tip, his cock jumped in her hand. Stella took just the head of his cock in her mouth and let it slip in and out as it became slick with her saliva. He was moaning and moving around so she tried to swallow as much of his cock as she could until it touched the back of her throat. Breathing out of her nose so that she wouldn't gag, she swallowed and let her throat muscles massage the head of his cock. That was too much for Ben and while holding her head with his hand, filled her mouth over and over with his sweet cum. Stella sucked and swallowed until she thought she had gotten every drop. Licking her lips, she lay down beside him and asked, "How about that punishment."
