 This story is a work of fiction; any resemblance to reality is purely coincidental. If you liked the story, please take a minute and rate it and/or leave a comment. If you didn't, please be gentle-it's my first time. 

And many thanks to oldnakeddad for editing. 

***** 

"Have you ever been with a woman?" 

The question hung in the air like frost on a January morning. Where the hell did an inquiry like that come from? 

They'd just finished a spectacular love-making session and were settling in to post-coital bliss. He was lying on his back, staring at the ceiling, with his arm tightly around her. She was on her side, head snuggled against his shoulder, and her legs entwined around his right leg. 

They were conversing with silence as he slowly brushed strands of her long, blonde hair off of her face and tucked them behind her ear. All was well...until he blindsided her with that question! 

It actually took a few seconds for the words to register. She felt her mind racing through the possible pathways her answer could lead to. What should she say? She could think of only one good response to a question like that. 

"What?" 

He repeated himself, but slower and with distinction, so she couldn't miss what he was asking. 

"Have you ever...been with...a woman?" 

Her heart began to beat a little faster. What in the world would possess him to ask a question like that? It felt like her marriage was flashing before her eyes. 

*** 

Mark and Steph exchanged vows a little over a year ago. They had a beautiful wedding followed by an outdoor reception in the local botanical gardens. It was like something out of a fairy tale. 

They'd met less than a year before the wedding—Steph was stranded outside of Chili's with a dead battery, and Mark gallantly abandoned his work friends to give her a jump start. They ended up talking for an hour in the parking lot before going back into Chili's for some dessert and coffee. They talked until the place closed and the manager had to ask them to leave. They hadn't spent a day apart since. 

Steph was an administrative assistant for an executive at a real estate firm. Her boss was demanding, but she was also appreciative of Steph's ability to always deliver what she needed. 

Mark was a loan officer at a large bank. He'd risen quickly through the ranks and seemed to be headed for vice-president within several years. He had a knack for sensing which loans to make and which ones to pass on. 

Everything had been going swimmingly for the couple. They'd settled into Mark's house after tying the knot and had even broached the topic of having a child. They rarely fought (maybe once a month?) because Steph had insisted they always practice open and honest communication, which brought her back to her current dilemma—the question. 

*** 

How should she answer? What should she tell him? Perhaps she could dodge without actually lying? 

"Why would you ask a question like that?" 

Mark repeated for the second time. 

"I'm just curious. Have you ever been with a woman?" 

'Dammit, he's just not letting this go! Time for a counter-attack.' 

Steph retorted. 

"Well, have you ever been with a man?" 

"Uh, no. Never been with a man. Not that there's anything wrong with that, of course." 

Steph should've known that wouldn't have gone anywhere. Mark was as hetero as they come. Even the few occasions they watched porn together, Mark had "not-so-subtly" avoided anything with more than one guy in the scene. 

It was time to end the topic right there and then. Way too much was at risk, otherwise. 

"Yeah, me neither. Nothing wrong with it, but it's not for me." 

Whew! That was a close one. Steph closed her eyes and snuggled closer against Mark's chest as if ready to drift off. Unfortunately, the exchange wasn't over yet. 

"You're lying." 

Steph raised up off of his chest, glared at him, and snapped. 

"What!" 

Mark returned her gaze, full force. 

"You're lying. I can tell when you're lying, and you're lying right now." 

As Steph closed her eyes, she felt her face reddening from panic. Her body began to tense. It took many seconds before she could speak. 

Steph's voice was noticeably shaky. 

"How can you tell I'm lying?" 

"Oh...my...god. You 'are' lying! I was just guessing before, but you just confirmed it! Wow! So that means you 'have' been with a woman!" 

Steph was infuriated. Mark was playing a mind game with her, and on a topic he had no business even mentioning. She shouldn't have fallen for his trick, but it didn't matter. All of her anger was directed at him—he'd crossed a line he shouldn't have ever approached. 

Mark was still oblivious to Steph's reaction as he spoke with anticipation. 

"So, tell me about it." 

"Fuck you, Mark!" 

"What?" Mark exclaimed. 

"I said, 'Fuck you, Mark!'" 

Steph struggled to disentangle herself from her husband, rolled over, and scooted as far away from him as she could. 

For a guy who was usually pretty sensitive, Mark was rather slow to comprehend the situation. 

"I'm sorry, Steph. I didn't realize—" 

Steph cut him off. 

"Just shut up! Don't speak to me! You're such an asshole!" 

She scrambled out of bed, grabbed her pillow, snatched the blanket off of the bed, stormed out of the bedroom, and shouted back at him as she stomped down the hall. 

"Don't even think of trying to come after me!" 

****** 

When Steph awoke from a long night of tossing and turning on the couch, Mark had already left for work. He maintained radio silence, foregoing the playful texts he usually sent periodically throughout the day, and didn't call her during the drive home either. It was the appropriate tactic, since anything he would've possibly said would've only pissed her off more. Steph needed time to cool off first. 

At seven o'clock that evening, Steph returned from work to an empty house, but she began cooking dinner for both of them anyway. Midway through the meal preparation, she heard the doorbell ring. She approached the front door, but before she had a chance to reach for the knob, the door opened slightly, and an arm reached through, holding a bouquet of flowers. 

She grabbed the flowers then, as the arm disappeared behind the door, she quickly shoved the door shut and locked it. She almost snickered to herself as she heard faint cursing from the front porch while Mark fumbled for his keys. 

Mark tried his best attempt to restart their marital interaction. 

"Hi, honey! I'm home!" 

Steph still had a volcano of anger erupting inside of her when she coldly replied. 

"Dinner will be ready at eight! You're lucky I made enough for two!" 

She'd served up her response with a side-dish of evil eye to let Mark know the conversation was over before it started. He wisely retreated to the study until eight o'clock. 

Steph turned on CNN and set the table in such a way as to give both of them a view of the television, and to let him know she wasn't ready to speak to him. Mark arrived precisely at eight, took the hint, and didn't say a word until the food was consumed and he'd helped clean the kitchen. Even then, he only managed a quiet thank you to Steph for cooking before he returned to the study. 

Steph got ready for bed early so she could be asleep before Mark left the study, but her mind was racing, and that kept her from nodding off. She was filled with a plethora of emotions, including frustration and rage but also loneliness and desire. She had no idea how to express any of them to Mark. 

As she laid under the covers, pretending to sleep, Steph heard Mark brushing his teeth. She continued to feign unconsciousness as he slipped under the covers next to her and settled in for the night. She was able to tell from his breathing that he wasn't asleep, so she remained poised to snap profanities at him should he initiate any type of dialogue. 

Mark, however, tried nothing of the sort. Instead, after several minutes of silence, he rolled onto his side, slid his hand under her T-shirt, and began to ever so slowly caress her abdomen. Steph winced at his touch but didn't pull away. 

His next move was to slip his right arm underneath her pillow to form a full embrace. He began to nibble at her ear, but she shrugged her shoulders to ward him off. She was still extremely pissed at him. 

Deep down, Steph knew her anger wasn't his fault, it was really due to the fact that she had a skeleton in her closet that she refused to deal with. But he'd opened the closet door, so her frustration was directed at him. 

He capitulated on kissing her ear and, instead, slowly adjusted his caressing north toward her large breasts. 

Steph thought to herself, 'He should be grateful he's married to a wife with such large tits. He's damn lucky to have me, and he should know better than to ask questions I don't want to answer!' Unfortunately, her train of thought distracted her from repelling his advances, and he had his hand on her nipple, which was already hard. She sensed his surprise at her arousal, which was quickly followed by his erection bumping against her backside. 

The next thing she knew, Mark had extended his right hand from underneath the pillow and slipped it down the neck hole of her T-shirt. He then began to simultaneously fondle both of her nipples, one from the top and one from the bottom. She gritted her teeth, but Mark continued, undeterred. There's a fine line between rage and passion, and Steph felt herself oscillating back and forth across that line. 

Mark's lips were again at her ear, but this time his tongue lightly traced the outside of her lobe. She was breathing heavily, her heart was racing, and she was either unable or unwilling to fend off his advances. He continued the affront by stealthily shifting his left hand down into her panties. 

She clamped her thighs together, not yet ready to surrender to him, but a moment too late—he already had a finger on her labia. As he slowly and gently massaged her lips, she felt her pussy moisten in response. Her desire burned hotter and hotter inside of her as it was fueled both from horniness and anger. 

She resolved to push his hand away, only to realize that after he'd moved his left hand to finger her pussy, she'd subconsciously filled the task of pinching her left nipple with her own hand. 

She tried to fight her sexual craving and focus on her ire, but it was a losing battle. Her legs relaxed, and three more reinforcements joined the solitary finger that was massaging her mound. She felt her pussy begin to swell at his touch. How could she be so pissed at him and, yet, want him so desperately at the same time? 

Mark unwrapped his right arm from under her pillow, sat up, and with a single motion, pulled her panties down to her ankles. After he slid her panties off of her feet, he replaced his hand, which was on her wet pussy, with his tongue. He licked broad strokes up each side while being careful to avoid her swollen clit, despite its longing to be touched. 

Steph moaned in response as she was unable to contain her pleasure in spite of her best efforts. Her legs involuntarily spread even farther apart, giving better access to her engorged pussy. Mark took advantage of it by sliding his middle finger slowly into her wet depths. 

She bucked her hips toward him in response to try to get as much penetration as possible. That was followed by squirming in an attempt to get his tongue to shift from her pussy to her clit, which was clamoring for attention. Mark foiled her attempts and continued teasing all around her clit with his tongue, denying her the orgasm she was craving so badly. 

Finally, she couldn't stand it any longer. Her rage/passion had reached a tipping point, and she had to do something. She pushed Mark off of her and sat up. They came face-to-face for a second before she pushed him onto his back, pinned his arms back, and straddled his hips. 

Mark was much stronger than her and probably could've escaped without much effort, but he went along with her antics and allowed her to hold him down onto the bed. Steph felt in control as she bent over so their noses were only inches apart. 

Steph panted as her whole being ached for more sexual stimulation. 

"You know, I'm still pissed at you. I'm so mad I could—" 

Mark completed her sentence. 

"Fuck me?" 

Steph couldn't respond—her lustful cravings had gotten the best of her. She wriggled her hips to align her soaking-wet pussy directly over his rock-hard cock. She began to undulate her hips so her pussy lips would lubricate the underside of his penis, and then she rubbed her clit on his moistened frenulum. 

Steph gasped. 

"Oh, god!" 

She usually liked to draw out this part so as to enjoy the sensations before she came, but her emotions were just too raw at that point—she desperately needed to climax. She reached down and guided Mark's length into her dripping-wet hole. It slid in easily, and she moaned loudly as his tip bumped her G-spot. 

She leaned back and pulled her T-shirt over her head. She watched as Mark's eyes grew big at the sight of her perfectly shaped 36DDs. Even though he'd seen her tits a million times, he still got that "kid-in-a-candy-store" look in his eyes whenever she exposed them, and she loved that about him. 

Her breathing was heavy, and her heart was racing. She leaned forward again and prepared to finish. 

"Suck my nipples, dickhead!" Steph commanded/begged. 

Mark complied without hesitation by cupping both breasts in his very masculine hands. He worked his mouth over one nipple as he pinched and twisted the other between his thumb and forefinger. Steph moaned in response. 

"Harder!" She cried out. 

He increased the intensity another notch. Her entire body was squirming with pleasure. She rocked her hips over him so his cock banged her G-spot while her clit rubbed against his pubic bone. She couldn't hold out much longer. 

"I'm...going...to...uh...fuck your cock...until...oh god...I'm going to...cum...I'm cumming!" 

Her pussy began to pulsate as wave after wave of orgasmic pleasure swept over her. It continued for several minutes as she released all of her pent up frustration, anger, and horniness all in one, beautiful orgasm. Finally, she collapsed onto his chest, gasping for breath and feeling connected with her husband once again. 

After catching her breath, she looked into Mark's eyes. 

"I love you." 

That meant the fight was over, and there was no need to analyze whose fault it was. 

"I love you, too...Uh, do you mind if I finish?" 

Steph felt guilty and selfish as Mark's throbbing penis—still buried deep inside of her pussy—reminded her that he hadn't climaxed yet. She instantly knew how to remedy the situation. 

"Sure. How about from behind?" 

Mark's eyes lit up at the suggestion. 

Steph dismounted his penis and laid flat on her stomach with her ass slightly raised off of the bed—Mark's favorite position. Steph didn't care for it as much as he did, but it was about Mark getting off this time. Mark sat up and easily slid his cock into her still soaking pussy from behind. Then Steph pinched her legs together while Mark straddled them. He leaned over and grabbed her perfect breasts with both hands then he began to thrust into her while fondling her tits. She knew he'd be done in less than a minute. 

"Your pussy is so wet and so tight! Oh, fuck! It feels so awesome! I'm going to cum! Uh, uh, uh!" 

Steph felt his jism squirt inside of her as he shot several loads deep into her pussy. Mark grunted and groaned in ecstasy, then shivered as the orgasm spread throughout his entire body. Finally, he slid out of her and collapsed onto the bed next to her. 

Mark finally managed to speak. 

"Wow! That was spectacular!" 

Then he added, with a smirk. 

"I guess there's no sex like angry sex, huh? We should fight like that more often." 

Steph gave him a sideways glance but didn't respond. Her anger had dissipated during her orgasm, and she felt at one with Mark once again. Steph snuggled up against his shoulder—her favorite position—and they drifted off to sleep without another word. 

***** 

The next day, everything was back to normal—almost. 

It was known as the "elephant in the room" and, as much as she tried to deny it, Steph knew it was there. She hoped the "elephant" would fade over time, but deep down, she knew it wouldn't. 

She'd eventually have to face the "elephant."