 If you've read this story before you might remember a different Part 3. I was never happy with that one and rushed it out to meet my fans demands for updates. This is a completely new story, reimagined. I hope you like it.

 Chapter 1

I woke with a start as my alarm buzzed quietly by my head. I fumbled around until I shut it off, then rolled onto my back. I was naked, my bedroom door cracked open. I had stumbled into my room in the middle of the night, my head buzzing, and had passed out almost immediately. 

I still couldn't believe that my stepmom, Annie, had finally sucked my dick. Sure, she had been "teaching" me how to be better at sex. She had gotten me off plenty of times, but never with her mouth. My dad being asleep only feet away while she did it had only heightened the excitement. Just thinking about her like that was making me hard. 

I got up and pulled on some shorts, leaving my room. My stepsister Liz was asleep in her room, and my dad and Annie were in theirs down the hall. I left the house, going for a run to think for a while. While I had suspected that Annie would eventually suck me off, part of my wondered if she would, and just how far I could go. 

And then there was Liz. Sure, we were fucking like rabbits, too, but our connection was different. I think, had we not been stepsiblings, she'd be my girlfriend. But given our situation, I didn't know what she was. Thinking about Liz, and her animalistic needs, got me hard.

I had to stop running, as the erection in my shorts made it impossible. I walked home slowly, thinking about my life, my stepsister, and my stepmom. When I got home Annie was awake, eating an apple in the kitchen. 

"Good morning," she said, eyeing me as I came in through the garage. She wore a t-shirt and short running shorts. "How was the run?"

"Okay," I said. Small talk felt weird, knowing my dick had been in her mouth not too long ago. "I didn't get far, to be honest."

"Well, why don't we go to the beach? Your dad has to work and I don't want to go by myself."

"What about Liz?" I asked. 

"Let her sleep in," she said. "Go change and meet me in the garage."

I was loading towels and a beach bag into my car when Annie came into the garage. She wore the smallest bikini I had seen her in, and she knew it. She grinned at me, sliding into the seat as I opened the garage door.

"I left them a note," she explained. "I don't want to wait to head out." I looked over at her tits, which were almost completely out of her white bikini top, and nodded.

We lived ten minutes from the beach, and at that time of day the roads were deserted. She held her hand out the window and looked out as we drove. I stole glances at her tits, enjoying the view.

"So," she said finally, "how was last night?"

"Which part?" I teased.

"The part where I gave you a blowjob," she said with a laugh.

"Oh, that part," I said, feigning ignorance. "It was great."

"Oh yeah?" she said. "You lasted a long time, too." She smiled, and patted me on the leg. For extra measure, she squeezed my erection, which was pinned to my leg by my bathing suit. 

"Any chance I can talk you into another one?" I asked.

"Maybe," she said, grinning. We pulled up to the beach approach and she said "come on."

It was early, and the water was cold, but we got in anyway. Her nipples were hard and I stared without hesitation. Slowly we got into the calm water until we were up to her shoulders. I pulled her close suddenly, and pressed her body close to mine. I looked up and down the deserted dunes and tugged at her bikini top. She understood, and untied it from the back. She let it float up, revealing her tits. I wasted no time cupping them in my hand, enjoying feeling her up in broad daylight.

"Mmmm," she said, grinding against my leg, "I haven't done this in a while." She let me continue, and she rubbed herself against me faster, slowly building as I rubbed her nipples under my thumbs. Her white top floated like a jelly fish between us, and the small waves that lapped against us were the only sound apart from her breathing.

"That's it," she said, rubbing herself against my leg faster. "I'm close." She kept rubbing and I kissed her. To my surprise she slipped her tongue into my mouth, and we were exploring each other as she kept grinding faster against me. I slowly, gently tugged at her nipples and she moaned, bucking her hips wildly.

She was about to come, I could tell, and she broke away from her kiss and pressed herself against me, whispering "I know about you and Liz."

And she came. She cried out, bucking her hips and mashing her tits against my hands as her words washed over me like a tidal wave. She kept grinding, faster now, coming hard and moaning. Finally, her orgasm ended and she pulled away from me, slowly tying her bikini top. I just looked at her, stunned.

"Come with me," she said, taking my hand. She led me out of the water toward our towels. She lay on her back and motioned for me to sit next to her. 

"You know," I said, trying to sound calm.

"Yes, I know. How long have you been doing it?" There was no anger in her voice, only curiosity.

"Midway through our lessons," I said, hoping she would not freak out.

"And were the lessons helpful?" she asked, looking at me with an intensity that made me uncomfortable.

"Yes, very," I said. "I should have told you about her."

"I'd be surprised if you had," she said. 

"How'd you know?" I asked.

"Last night, when I sucked you off. I could taste it. In college, I used to suck off my roommate's boyfriend after they fucked. She never knew. But after he'd finish with her he'd come to my room while she slept, and I'd play with his dick until he got hard, and then he'd come a second time in my mouth. So I knew last night."

I didn't say anything for a minute. She finally said "I don't want to burn out here, will you rub some sunblock on me?" She handed me the bottle and she put her hands behind her head.

"You're not mad?" I said.

"About Liz? Who am I to judge you? I only found out because your dick was in my mouth, so how can I be mad? Just remember, you're steps, and if it gets weird you have to live with that forever."

"I know," I said. 

"Does she know about us?" she asked. 

"No," I said, squeezing some sunblock onto my hands. 

"Probably a good idea," she said. She put her sunglasses on and said, "if no one's around, make sure you get sunblock everywhere." 

She grinned at me and relaxed. I started with her shoulders, rubbing lotion into them slowly, then moving up to her neck. I ran my hands up and down her neck, then slowly moved down her chest to the top of her tits. I worked my way around them, feeling the top and sides. There was an old man walking his dog, and I worked on her arms until he was out of sight, then I slid my hands under her bikini top. 

I felt her tits, gently pulling at her nipples like I did in the water, watching her squirm. I then put more lotion on my hands and moved down her stomach, then working her legs and thighs, which she dutifully spread for me. I worked up her inner thighs, getting closer to the bikini bottom. 

"There's a couple a hundred yards away," I said, and pulled her bikini bottom to the side. I slid one hand under her top to feel her left tit and used my other hand to feel her slippery labia. "I bet I can make you come without them realizing it."

"You don't have to try very hard," she whispered. I started rubbing her clit directly, circling my slick fingers around it. She gasped, letting me feel her tit at the same time, gently tugging her nipple. 

"What was it like tasting your daughter on my dick?" I said. She responded to the dirty talk, grinding against my hand. I rubbed her faster, and she gasped, getting closer. I switched to rubbing her clit with my thumb while I slid two fingers into her pussy. She arched her back, coming. I could feel her pussy clamp down on my fingers and she shuddered as I rubbed her to an intense climax. 

I kept rubbing and penetrating her as her orgasm faded, and a second one took over almost immediately. Her pussy gushed all over the towel, and she bit her lip and thrashed about like an animal. Finally, satisfied, she pulled my hands away from her and rolled onto her stomach.

I straddled her legs, rubbing sunblock into her back as if nothing had happened. "I tasted my mom that way, you know. On my dad's dick once."

"What?" I said.

"Oh, you know, after all the teasing, and spying on them, I knew he wanted me. And I knew she wanted him to want me. And so, eventually, I joined them in bed. They had thrown a party and had too much wine, and after the party, I took off my clothes and dragged them to the bedroom.

"I told them I knew they were fantasizing about me, and I begged them to fuck in front of me. I laid in the bed right next to them while my dad fucked her and she called him Daddy. And then, when he finished, I started to suck him. Mom didn't even stop me. It was so hot knowing that he had been in her only minutes before. I kept coming while I sucked him off. That's why I sucked off my roommate's boyfriend, to chase that feeling again.

"Of course that was just the beginning," she said, sighing. "After that, well things got interesting."

I said nothing, but worked lotion onto her legs, and then finally turning my attention to her ass. The same couple was laying out, both of them face down. I scanned the beach; we were still alone. I untied her bikini bottom, pulling it away and exposing her ass.

"I take it no one can see," she said in a muffled voice. I put lotion on my hands, rubbing into her skin, massaging her ass. Her pussy was so wet it made a slapping sound as I pulled her ass left and right, opening and closing her labia. I ran a finger along her pussy lips, and she lifted her ass in the air.

"Fuck me right now," she said in a small voice. She said nothing else, just held her ass up a little, her pussy dripping in anticipation.

It was the broad daylight, on a Friday morning, and there was a couple not far from us. The beach was empty but a family could arrive at any time. We might get caught. I threw all cares away and pulled down my bathing suit, freeing my dripping erection. 

I positioned myself behind her and entered her slowly. She sighed as I penetrated her. I paused, looking around the beach again, and then started to slowly fuck her. I was worried that slapping against her ass would alert our beach neighbors, so I fucked her gently, not like I fucked Liz. She was slick from her orgasms, and she thrust upward to meet me. I reached forward and grabbed the sided of her tits and she understood and lifted up so I could cup them in my hands.

"I'm coming," she whispered, and I felt her pussy tighten around me. I was wild, all cares gone, as I fucked her. If anyone came over the dune there would be no explanation, no excuse, and if it was someone we knew there would be no denying I was fucking my stepmom.

"Keep fucking me," she whimpered, coming a second time. I was thrusting deep now, my hips slapping against her ass. If the couple could down the beach could hear us, I didn't know and I didn't care. I was deep inside Annie, as I had longed to be. I fucked her to another orgasm, and she bit her lip as I kept going, harder by the minute.

Finally, I felt close, and thrust into her as hard as I could. I pressed deep against her round ass and came. I collapsed on top of her, my dick pulsing hard inside her, filling her with cum. She breathed softly, smiling, as I slowly pulled out of her. I sat up, pulling up my bathing suit and arranging her bikini as if nothing happened. She flipped over, her bikini bottom slipping and a blob of my cum dripping out of her. She adjusted her bikini bottom, laying on her back and smiling at me.

"And you lasted perfectly," she said. "I think you've figured it all out. Of course, you might need some lessons to keep your skills sharp," she added. She patted her stomach gently. I grinned, knowing my semen was deep inside her. 

"I'm hungry," she said. "Let's go and get some brunch." She stood up, slipping a sundress over her bikini. She then slipped her bikini top off, going braless, and slipped off her bikini bottom. Know she was naked under the flimsy sundress made my dick stir. I gathered our things, packing our bag and following her. As I did, I checked out the beach one last time. The couple was still there, but the man was now sitting up. As I looked at him, he gave me a thumbs up. 

I turned, grinning, and followed Annie's swaying ass to my car.

 "So, now what?" I asked as she stabbed some fruit with her fork. We were at a small outdoor restaurant, enjoying the salty air. 

"I don't know, I thought we'd head home and I'd run some errands," she said, looking at me with a smirk.

"I don't mean like that," I said. "I mean, you know..." I paused as our waited drifted by with a pitcher of water. When he left I continued. "I think we crossed a threshold."

"Yes, we did," she said matter-of-factly. "I think we can both admit that your problem is fixed, right? So we can just admit that you are enjoying yourself, and leave it at that."

"Are you enjoying yourself?" I asked. 

She looked around to make sure no one could hear, and then leaned in. Her dress strained against her tits and I looked down her cleavage without shame as she spoke. "Your cum is leaking out of me as we speak," she paused, leaning back and said, "and I'd like that to happen more often."

On the drive home she sat back and closed her eyes. The wind kept pushing her dress up her thighs, distracting me. I put my hand on her leg, and she let it wander closer and closer to her pussy.

"I used to dress like this all the time when lived with my mom and dad," she said. "It used to drive him crazy, he was always hard." 

"Did your mom care that you went around like this?" I asked. 

"No," Annie said. "She enjoyed it, too."

The car swerved and I had to put both hands on the wheel. Annie laughed.

"Sorry," she said. 

"I still can't believe it," I said.

"All that dressing up like me meant that she had at least fantasized about it. Mom was pragmatic. She figured if he was going to stray, he may as well stray at home. And she also figured that I would get into less trouble if my needs were met by him rather than a long list of guys. Which happened anyway.

"I wore sundresses all the time, and nothing else. It meant my dad could basically bend me over at any time and cum. And I loved it. Once, at a wedding, I had snuck off with him and he had taken me from behind in the hotel room. And there I was, before the ceremony, in a dress and nothing else, and I had my dad's cum running down my thigh. My dad's brother saw it, and he got me alone, and right behind the pipe organ he pressed me against the wall and fucked me. We barely finished in time for the ceremony to start."

She was running her hands down her thighs, spreading her legs wide as I drove. "Pull over," she said, and I found a shady lane and stopped the car. 

"Push back the seat," she said, her eyes narrowed to slits as she scanned the road. I did as she asked, and she helped me tug down my bathing suit. As soon as my dick was free she climbed over the seat and sat on my dick. She had clearly fucked in the front seat of a car before, because she wasted no time riding me hard. I pulled down the front of her dress, letting her tits spill out in my face. I sucked her nipples and gripped her ass as she rode me. Once again the idea that we might get caught only heightened our lust.

She rode me hard, her tits swaying in my face. I switched between her ass and her tits, letting my hands roam free of the bombshell impaled on my dick.

"Oh, fuck," she panted, starting to come. Her pussy gripped me as her orgasm sent shudders through her body. I sucked hard on her nipple, and ran one hand between her ass cheeks and down to the bottom of her labia, feeling how wet she was. She moaned, coming a second time. It was uncomfortable in the car but wild to be fucking her in the middle of the day like that. 

She stopped suddenly, her eyes darting down the road. In one swift motion she hopped off me and landed in her seat. She adjusted the top of her dress and sat like everything was normal as a car turned the corner and slowly made its way down the road. 

"Come on, come on," she whispered, her eyes on the car. Once it turned the corner, she paused, listening, and then immediately bent over and took my dick in her mouth. It was still wet from her pussy, and the idea that she was tasting herself was erotic. I reached over as she sucked me and cupped one of her breasts. Her head bobbed up and down faster as she used her hand for added friction.

"I'm getting close," I whispered, and she sucked even faster. I grabbed her hair gently and guided her down more as I came, pumping cum into her mouth. She swallowed and kept me in her mouth as I kept shooting cum into her. She didn't move until I started to go flaccid, and she finally sat up, wiping her lips and straightening out her dress.

"Well, that was fun," she said brightly. "Now let's go home."

 Chapter 2

 A week passed and I fucked Annie every day. She seemed more than eager at any time to bend over the couch and pull her shorts aside, or strip naked and join me in the shower. I was still fucking Liz, too, which was difficult to juggle. How did Annie do it all those years?

It was Saturday, and I had just left Liz's room early in the morning. Liz was asleep, my cum deep inside her, and I headed down the hall to my dad and Annie's room. My dad was not there, but Annie was passed out, cum all over her. My dad had really gone all out, it seemed, because her pussy was still dripping and swollen with excitement.

I suddenly felt a pang of guilt over what I was doing. Sure, Annie offered to help me in bed, but for the first time I felt bad because she was, first and foremost, my dad's wife. I had nothing against my dad, no reason to betray him like this. I felt awful as the wave of realization hit me. I was a shitty son. Why I had only now come to that realization made me perhaps the worst son in history.

I left the room quickly, needing to get my head clear and get out of the house. I headed downstairs only to find my dad in the kitchen. I jumped, startled to see him.

"Morning, Mike," he said, pausing with his coffee. "Up early, too, huh?"

"Yeah, couldn't sleep," I said, not meeting his eyes. We had both just gotten some, but the knowledge I was keeping to myself was suddenly unbearable. He was dressed to go fishing, and had a thermos and a cooler on the floor next to him.

"Want to join me out on the river? I thought I'd spend the morning fishing, and this beer isn't going to drink itself."

"Sure," I said, thinking that the worst thing on earth would be to go fishing with my dad right now. But I didn't want to be rude, especially since I was doing his wife behind his back. He grinned, and got up to throw some extra food in the cooler.

Our boat was on a dock in the backyard, and we were soon off, heading down the river. We said little until he found a quiet, shady grove were we could fish without roasting in the sun. Our lines cast and a beer in my dad's hand, we fished in silence. It was maddening, sitting there, hanging out with my dad, with this weight on me. I had to do something, I had to confess.

"Something on your mind?" my dad said, reading the expression on my face. "You haven't looked this nervous since you broke that window at school in first grade."

"Oh," I said, laughing nervously. "Yeah, I mean no...I mean, yeah, something's on my mind."

"Need to talk to your dad about it?" he asked, offering me a beer. I took the beer and cracked it open, using it to stall. I said nothing, and he let me be, until he offered "girl trouble?"
