 I had just returned from a dinner date with a friend and was going to check my email before turning in for the night. As I logged on line one of my instant messengers popped up and just for the heck of it, I sent a smiley face icon to a friend I met on the net. To my surprise, she was on line and sent me a reply. We chatted for a few moments when she sent me an invitation to view her web camera. Of course I accepted and the tiny moving frame that greeted me was a slender, strawberry blonde beauty sitting in front of her computer in nothing more than a tube top and a tiny little thong panty. We chatted for a few more minutes and then she asked if I would like to come over and give her a massage. I knew I would have a tired day of work. However, I thought what the hell; a person has to live a little. She lived close and gave me directions; therefore, I was on my way.

The drive took me about fifteen minutes to arrive at her house. I walked up to the door and there she was, even more beautiful in person. She was stunning! Her buxom body was slender and fit her legs long, lean, and muscular. Her long flowing hair adorned her body gracefully to her perfect heart shaped ass. Her face was pure angelic with high cheekbones and a gorgeous smile. Her eyes were simply radiant. She was a true beauty!

We sat and talked for a bit, which is hard to do with a gorgeous woman staring at you in nothing but her skivvies. Her tiny thong bunched up inside her thighs giving a subtle glance of her pink treasure peeking from the sides. Her full, ripe breasts protruded deliciously from her frame as her pink, sexy erect nipples poked tightly through the fabric. Then I decided I had waited long enough. I embraced her luscious body in my arms and kissed her tenderly on her succulent lips.

 Our tongues danced in lust, as we held on tight to each other, our warm bodies grinding in passion. We held our passionate embrace as we plunged in unison onto her bed. I rolled her onto her stomach and placed my body on top of her hot feminine frame. I then started from behind her…. Cupping her large ripe breasts in my gripping hands as I gently kissed the back of her neck, sending chills of pleasure up her spine. I could feel her hard nipples between my fingertips and the sweet female scent of aroused pussy starting to permeate the air.

 I began rubbing my pelvis against her luscious ass as I reached down between her legs with my roaming hands and I could definitely feel the thin strip of fabric over her sacred womanly place soaking in her warm juices. I then gripped her slender hips and in one quick motion, propped her up on all fours. I placed my fingers around her panties and peeled the soaking wet, tiny garment from the crack of her ass. Her sweet sex was shaved and so smooth and looked so delicious glistening with her liquids! Without warning, I gripped her tight cheeks and spread her dripping holes obscenely apart and immediately, she began to feel warm wet sensation of me licking her up and down from her hard, throbbing clitoris, all the way to her wet, pink asshole. Up and down, in and out, I stroked her with my tongue inside her pussy and ass. She was grinding her soaked pussy into my face like a nasty slut as she moaned, her hot girl juiced oozed into my hungry mouth. 


I continued my oral session for some time, and soon I felt the muscles in her tight pussy contracting around my snaking tongue and I knew she was getting ready to cum. She let out a cry as I felt her body shake and she flooded me with her sweet nectar. She tasted as sweet as fine wine. I sucked all of her I could as I felt the sensation of her hot cum flowed down my throat. I could not get enough…

I then flipped her over onto her back and spread her lean legs wide open, her juiced soaked pussy lips parting sweetly. I was a sight of pure beauty, her shaved quim dripping onto her bed and her rock hard clit standing erect from her folds like a tiny girl cock. I placed my pelvis between her parted thighs and in one thrust, entered her hot hole to the hilt. I paused for a moment just to feel the warm sensation of my cock swallowed inside her. She rocked her head back and cried out in passion as I then began pumping my swollen cock in and out of her hot cock sheath. I then started thrusting her hot cunt with my hard cock as hard as I could. It felt unbelievable, and was so awesome; I did not want to stop. I then placed her long legs over my shoulders. I began ramming into her so hard she came again within seconds. I kept fucking her wet cunt for all I was worth. She came so many times she could not count. I then pulled out of her soaked pussy, a wet squishy plop sounded as my head cleared her swollen lips. I kneeled between her legs and began to stroke my pussy-drenched dick over her body as she furiously rubbed her wet hard clit. She looked so sinful and wickedly nasty as she made herself cum once more while watching me masturbate my dripping wet cock. I soon began to feel the tingle in my sticky sack as my own orgasm was drawing near. I stroked harder and harder as I felt my white-hot load start its way out of my oozing cocktip. I screamed out and almost lost my balance as my bursting nut squirted from my cock and splashed onto her glistening, sweaty body. I shot off so hard! It landed on her tits, on her face and coated her tummy with hot seed.

I then placed myself on top of her, our cum soaked and sweaty bodies rubbed together as we shared a hot after fuck kiss. We then got a towel and cleaned off our mess. I put my clothes back on and gave her a goodbye kiss. We knew and had the agreement that this was just a fuck and nothing more. We both had an urge of human need. I gave her a goodbye kiss and thanked her for a wonderful time. On the way home, I wondered if I would ever see her again.