 The weekend foursomes went on for a few weeks and had become so intense that the step-siblings were too tired to do it with their respective partners during the week. Like anything new and different, it was exciting for a while, but for Joseph, the thrill was waning. On the contrary, he did not lose his attraction to Kendall. The more non-sexual time he spent with her—walking to and from campus, occasional lunch at the student union—he found himself really falling for her. The fact that he could not date her was a growing source of frustration that might have even been a contributing factor in his declining interest in the foursomes. 

* * * 

Since Kendall and Mark had been having sex, her appetite had become voracious. The foursomes simply fed her growing sexual addiction. However, after the last few sessions, she found herself enjoying sex more with Joseph than her stepbrother. She didn't know if it was just because she had been fucking Mark for so long and Joseph was "fresh meat" and something different, or what. She did know that she would like to be able to do it with Joseph alone. There were probably things they could do that they wouldn't do in front of Mark and Jackie. She wasn't really certain what that might be, but she'd like to try. 

* * * 

As a measure of Kendall's and Joseph's compatibility, they both had these thoughts at the same time, and he decided to mention it to her after the class they had together. 

The opportunity presented itself when she pointed out his demeanor. "Are you okay, Joseph? You seem distant." 

With a heavy sigh, he told her, "I just wish I could date you for real and not just for show." 

"What happened to wanting to date Jackie?" Kendall questioned. "Wasn't that the whole point of our dating ruse?" 

"Yes, but—and don't get me wrong—I love Jackie and I love being with her. However, it's becoming increasingly clear to me that you and I have more in common than I have with her. I mean, you and I are edgy, we like to play, we do well in school but it's not an obsession like it is for Jackie, and Mark, for that matter. I think it's the same for you and Mark." 

Smirking, Kendall said, "I was actually having similar thoughts. You and I share characteristics and Mark and Jackie share some. It would be nice to see how it would be if we didn't have to pretend." 

"Not to mention, I think you and I are pretty good together in the sack also." 

"I agree." 

"So, you're saying you would want to date me for real?" Joseph didn't conceal the excitement in his voice. 

"Actually, I would." But she quickly added, "but truthfully, not to the elimination of our step-siblings." 

Forcing a smile, Joseph said, "Well, that's a start. Would you mind if I bring it up with Jackie and Mark?" 

"We all agreed that if we wanted to change the situation, that's how we'd do it." 

* * * 

And so, Joseph did bring it up. But Mark and Jackie seemed more stunned than receptive. In fact, Jackie seemed more hurt than anything else. 

"You don't want to be with me anymore?" she asked. 

"No, it isn't that," Joseph contradicted. He then recounted the things he and Kendall had in common. 

"Well, that's like adding insult to injury," Jackie accused. To Kendall, she asked, "And you're going along with this?" 

"Both of our parents did encourage us to date other people to make certain Mark and me and you and Joseph were really right for each other. I don't think the dating we've done so far has really been a good barometer. It could be good for you and Mark also." 

"You're quiet through all of this, Mark," Jackie noted. 

Shrugging, he said, "Well, I hear what Joseph and Kendall are saying, but I'm not ready to make that drastic a change. And, I can see that you have some serious concerns so I wouldn't agree to Joseph's request right now." 

"Gee, how did I know you were going to say that?" Joseph said, obviously annoyed. "Kendall, what do you have to say?" 

"You guys don't even want to talk about it?" Kendall asked. 

"What's there to talk about?" Jackie shot back. "You two want to do something we don't want you to do." 

"And just because you don't want us to date, that's supposed to be it?" Joseph argued in a raised voice. "We're just supposed to say okay and forget it?" 

"And just because it's what you and Kendall want, we're just supposed to say okay," Mark countered, also increasing his vocal volume. "If so, I think we're at an impasse." 

"Yeah, that's about what I thought," Joseph huffed, standing. 

"What if we date anyway?" Kendall asked. 

Now, Mark was becoming aggravated. "Well, then, I guess there's not much I could do about that, is there? Except move back into my own room." 

"Wow, is that childish," Kendall accused. "But you might not have to." 

"What does that mean?" 

"Guess you'll just have to wait and find out." 

"I don't know about you, Kendall," Joseph said, heading for the door, "but I've had just about enough of this narrow-mindedness." 

"I'm right behind you." 

"Should we go after them?" a befuddled Mark asked after they left. 

"No, let them go," Jackie said. "I think they said things they will regret. I think they'll come around." 

But they didn't. 

* * * 

"What did we just do?" Joseph asked as they entered his apartment. 

"I think we stood up for ourselves," Kendall responded. "What bothers me most is that they didn't want to even discuss the subject." 

"So, what happens now?" 

"Hopefully, they'll come to their senses in a day or so. Otherwise, you got your wish. You get to date me for real." 

"At least, some good comes from this," Joseph quipped. 

"Yeah. In the meantime, can I sleep on your sofa tonight?" 

Joseph was taken aback. "Seriously?" Then, a second later, "No." 

"But I don't have a place to stay," she explained, somewhat surprised by his response. 

"You'll sleep in my bed—with me." But he quickly corrected. "Let me rephrase that. I would like you to sleep with me in my bed . . . if you would like to." 

With a big grin, Kendall remarked, "I thought you'd never ask." 

* * * 

A few minutes later, Jackie mused, "I feel as though we maybe didn't handle that very well." 

"Well, those are the kind of doubting thoughts you have afterward," Mark pointed out. 

"What do you think?" 

He shrugged. "I think they were determined. Even if we had discussed it like they wanted us to, the outcome would have been the same. Nothing we could have said would have changed it." 

"Maybe I shouldn't have been so quick to disagree. Some of what they said did make sense," Jackie admitted. 

"Are you changing your mind?" Mark asked. 

"I don't know." As she stood, he could hear the frustration in her voice. "I guess there's nothing more to do now." 

"What are you doing?" 

"Going back to my apartment." 

"You don't need to. I can make us dinner," Mark offered. 

"You don't have to entertain me," Jackie said. "This is all my doing." 

"As I said, it was going to happen regardless. Plus, I don't want to eat alone." 

With a grin, Jackie said, "Well, if you insist. I really don't want to be alone right now either." 

* * * 

"You realize we just lost our meal tickets," Joseph pointed out. 

Since the couples had been hanging out together, Mark and Jackie had done all of the cooking when they'd dined together. Even before that, when it was just Kendall and Mark, he usually prepared their meals; Kendall only ever microwaved frozen dinners or leftovers. She suspected it was the same with Joseph and Jackie. As for Kendall, she was fine with nuked food. "Why? Are you hungry?" 

"I'm getting there." 

Smirking, Kendall teased, "You can eat me!" 

Her playful tone was instant arousal for him. Not wanting to seem too eager, he walked over to where she was standing, and with as much suddenness as he could muster, and an exaggerated snort, he pretended to gobble her cleavage. When she started giggling, he pulled her tank down to expose more of her breasts and sucked her nipples hungrily. After a few seconds of this merriment, he stepped back. 

"Why'd you stop?" Kendall asked. 

So, he started again with his mouth on her tits. His hand went down between her legs, lifting her short skirt and shoving his hand inside her panties. Though still giggling, Kendall was actually becoming aroused at his somewhat rough play. In fact, she dropped to her knees. Joseph followed suit. Now all she could do was close her eyes and enjoy his fingers on her pussy . . . until she felt his lips tasting hers. 

Kissing back, Kendall now felt the urge to reach out for Joseph's cock, which she could easily grab through his pants. She squeezed it hard and rubbed firmly, letting him know that she wanted this to be intense. 

Understanding her desire, Joseph yanked her top and bra below her breasts. She assisted by easing the straps of both down. With her tits completely exposed, he sucked her nipples with deep suction. Two of his fingers had found their way into her hole, and the combination was driving her wild. Jamming another digit inside her, he finger-fucked her furiously. But just as her heavy moaning seemed to suggest she was going to come, he stopped and stood up. One-handedly, Joseph, undid his zipper and desperately fumbled to fish out his solid cock, which was difficult given the massive size it had grown to. 

As soon as Kendall could grab it, she stuffed it into her mouth. After sliding her lips up and down his shaft to lubricate it, she employed all of the oral techniques she knew, such as digging the tip of her tongue firmly into the soft skin on the underside of his rod below the crown, swirling her tongue around the head and spreading the pee hole. 

Kendall was outdoing herself. Joseph couldn't remember having such a passionate blow job; so much so, his legs were getting weak. Much as he wanted her to continue, if he allowed her to he wouldn't last much longer. He dropped back to his knees. With her hand still jerking his cock, he pulled off her top and bra so he could play with her titties. 

Her chest now bare, Kendall pulled Joseph's penis between her breasts. He got the idea and fucked her cleavage. He hadn't had much opportunity to do that and he really liked it. But she only allowed it for a minute or so, after which, she stood and removed the rest of her clothing. He was still on his knees so she pushed him onto the floor supine. It was almost an amusing sight: him lying there fully dressed with only his penis exposed and standing at attention. However, the more she looked at him, she found it somewhat erotic, and without preamble, squatted over his cock, guided it easily with a finger to impale herself. 

"Ooooh," Kendall moaned as she bounced up and down. She leaned back supporting herself with her hands on his knees and swirled her pussy around on his cock. It drew whimpers from Joseph, as well. When it slipped out and she reinserted it, he pulled her forward so that her tits dangled above his face. He stuck out his tongue to swipe a nipple as one went by every few seconds. 

Squatting upright again, Kendall unbuttoned Joseph's shirt as she pivoted her hips on his dick and then spread it open to expose his chest. Next she went to work undoing his belt. In an instant, she slid off of his cock, yanked his pants down to his ankles and quickly remounted. She rode him as fast as she could, moaning and groaning over how good it felt and the oddity of how they were doing it: on the floor, him still partly dressed. This was pure, unadulterated fucking. It had a wild, animalistic flavor to it—and she loved it! 

So did Joseph, and with mounting passion, he sat up, lifting Kendall onto his thighs, and then quickly flipped her over onto her back without his cock ever leaving the warm embrace of her wet pussy. He leaned slightly to one side so he could finger her clit while he plowed her. She whimpered her pleasure. A while later, Joseph sat on his haunches, grabbed Kendall's feet and held them up and out as far as he could spread his arms. 

There was something about finally being able to fuck Kendall without Mark and Jackie around that ignited a fervency in Joseph that he had not felt since the first few times with Jackie. It contributed to his sudden obsessive need to feel as well as do. With one hand he grabbed her breast and firmly manhandled it to her widening, but approving eyes; with his other hand, he placed his palm on her flat abdomen just above her crack and thumbed her clit. 

Kendall cried with joy, loving his forcefulness. 

These feelings were so immoderate that Joseph had to keep changing positions. He pushed her knees back against her chest to spread her pussy wide allowing for thrusts so deep he felt he could shove his balls in also. Then he rolled onto his side, spooning her and entering from the rear. He wrapped is arm around over her chest, his forearm splitting her breasts, his hand around her neck, though not choking her. 

"Keep it rough," she urged. And he did, if the slapping sounds of his body against hers were any clue. 

Now, he laid on his back pulling her on her back on top of him. He held her thighs in his hands as he furiously pumped her, and she threw her head back beside his. He also couldn't help pawing her tits. 

They reached a point where they needed to catch their breaths. Joseph stood for a moment, but realized his pants were still around his ankles, so he kicked off his shoes, ripped off his socks and shook off his pants and underwear. Kendall had gotten up to sit on the wide arm of the sofa. Joseph noticed that she had a wicked look on her face, so he pushed her back, and with her legs now spread, he jammed two fingers into her pussy and wiggled them around while stroking his cock. 

Liking what his fingers were feeling, he was reminded what Kendall had said to him at the outset of this, that he could eat her, so he decided to do just that. And what a delectable taste it was. No man should ever go through life without sampling the ambrosial nectar of a woman. It was amazing that bodily fluids could be such a delicacy. His tongue explored every fold, tasted her sweet clit and delved into her moist depths. 

And that made his cock so hard he had to let it replace his mouth. But this time, he kept it to a moderate pace wanting his cock to enjoy the feel of her pussy as it embraced him. 

For Kendall, it was no secret that she loved to fuck, and unbeknownst to her that Joseph had had similar thoughts, there was something different and exciting about having sex with Joseph alone. It was as though they were doing exciting things that they would not have done in the presence of their step-siblings. And there was only one more thing that she wanted. "Make me come. I want to come." 

So, he gently lifted her up and eased her down onto the carpeted floor and fucked her missionary style with firm, full-length thrusts. She gave him verbal encouragement and that brought him to the edge. And when she felt the first blasts of cum inside her pussy, it brought her over the top in a teeth-grinding, convulsing orgasm. And what made it so spectacular was that it lasted a long time; at least as long as she felt his cock still spurting and being forced back out by his continued thrusting. She could feel the tenseness in his body, which suggested to her that his climax was no less spectacular. 

And indeed it was. Joseph had had many great orgasms and could remember shooting large amounts of pearly, white liquid, but somehow, it seemed as though this time had outdone anything he had previously experienced. And it felt magnificent. 

He pulled out and lay beside her, each on their side facing one another. Their wide smiles said it all, but Kendall felt the need to say, "That was great!" 

"Yes, it was," he eagerly agreed. 

"I feel so fulfilled." 

"So do I. But I'm still hungry." 

"I guess I worked up an appetite, too. Student Union is probably the closest place to grab a quick meal." 

"Works for me." 

They quickly dressed and cautiously departed Joseph's apartment, carefully making certain that Jackie was not home. There were no lights on, so they assumed she was still with Mark. They decided to walk to the student union since it was really not that far, and also to be able to move stealthily. Their route took them past the apartment manager's office and they found him sitting outside. 

"Hi, guys," Todd greeted. "Nice evening for a walk." 

"Yeah, just heading over to the student union for dinner," Joseph stupidly said. 

Kendall elbowed him in the ribs, which caused Todd to ask, "Where are the other two?" 

Now, Kendall shot Joseph a look of aggravation. 

"Uh, uh, I guess they're doing their own thing," Joseph mumbled in an attempt to rectify the situation. 

"Ah-huh," was Todd's response. "Sounds like there might be more to it than that." 

"Uh, uh, what makes you think that?" Joseph nervously asked, digging a deeper hole. 

"Oh, I don't know," Todd said playfully. "Could it have been Kendall poking you in the side, or was it the expression on her face." 

With a huff, Kendall explained in exasperation, "We had a disagreement with them. That's all." 

"I see. So, you'll be staying with Joseph for a while?" 

"Does it matter?" Kendall wanted to know. 

"Got to have someplace to send your mail and I like to know these things in case something happens to you, or your parents come looking for you." 

"Well, now you know," Kendall flippantly replied. "But Mark and Jackie don't need to." 

"Understood. But I hope you guys work it out. You're among my favorite tenants," Todd revealed. "If there is anything I can do, just let me know." 

"Just respect our privacy." 

"I'm sorry," Joseph offered as they walked off. "I didn't handle that very well." 

Though still annoyed, Kendall felt that she had contributed to the problem with what she had done, so there was no point in badgering Joseph any more. "Well, he did catch us off guard," she said by way of exoneration. "We just both need to be careful about what we say and do." 

* * * 

Mark and Jackie had an enjoyable dinner together. They kept conversation simple, avoiding further discussion of their step-siblings; however, Mark could see that Jackie was still preoccupied with what had happened. He insisted she relax while he cleaned up, and though she really wanted to help, she finally conceded. When he finished, he found her sitting on the sofa, seemingly lost in thought and rubbing her neck and shoulder. 

"What's wrong?" he asked, nodding at her ailment. 

"I guess I just made myself tense worrying about Joseph and Kendall." 

"I wouldn't be concerned," Mark suggested. "Either they'll come around or we will, or we'll just go on being estranged. Would you like me to rub it out?" he asked, pointing to her shoulder. 

"Yeah, that would be nice. But why do I feel like we'll be the ones to give in?" 

As she turned to sit sideways and he moved behind her, he said, "Well, if they decide they truly like dating each other for real, then we might not have a choice—or our only other choice will be to remain apart." He gently kneaded her shoulders. "But one thing we don't want to do is concede just to resolve the situation. It's one thing if we really want to reconsider, but it would probably make matters worse if we just gave in." 

"Oh, that feels good." After a moment of silence to enjoy the massage, Jackie pointed out, "Sounds like you've thought this through." 

"Just thinking out loud while we're talking. A year ago, I was still getting over the death of my mother when my dad started dating. And then I meet the woman's daughter, and in the blink of an eye, we're fucking like rabbits, primarily because neither of us had anyone else. Months later, our parents get married and we're step-siblings, but it doesn't prevent us from continuing our sexual relationship because we still don't have anyone else. We get an apartment together in college because we don't want to room with anyone else and to help our parents financially. 
