 Some days, the biggest thing that motivates me to head to the gym and get my steps in at the track is the women. Not that it's a nonstop parade of beauties or anything; as a self-employed guy I typically go during the day, when the senior citizens are out in force. But there are a few local hot moms who take advantage of the fact that the kids are in school to put on their best gym wear and spend some time doing laps. Some hot co-eds from the nearby community college, too. A bit of jiggle and a nice ass ahead can really lift a man's spirits and encourage him to keep moving. 

Things were slow on this particular Friday. It was just after lunchtime, and it was just me and a trio of blue hairs on the 220-yard track. My left knee was sore from running the day before so I had decided that today would be a walking day. I was about a half hour in, doing my usual 3.3-mile-per-hour pace, when a somewhat familiar figure passed me on the north end of the track. 

It was a tall, very athletic blonde woman with high cheekbones who I typically saw running here about once a week. She had high cheekbones that gave her a sort of Scandinavian aspect, so I'd nicknamed her Agnetha, after one of the women in ABBA. No one here really talks to one another, so I was prone to giving people nicknames, even creating backstories for some of the more interesting-looking ones. 

Agnetha wasn't really my type - I'd always preferred curvier girls, and brunettes and redheads. Still, I had to admire her near-perfect running form. At a hair over six feet tall and a few more pounds over 200 than I would like, I was more of a lumberer than a strider. She was light on her feet, at least five and a half feet tall in a black-track-pants-and-tank-top combo with red accents. Her long blonde ponytail swished from side to side as she disappeared from my view around the bend, only to return almost exactly one lap later, her runner's pace doubling mine. She ran with purpose, eyes squinting somewhat, a serious look on her tanned 30-something-year-old face. 

She lapped me 15 times over the next half hour. Each time she passed alongside me and out of my view I noticed something different about her: the strength of her back muscles; the boyishness of her slender hips; the small mole on her left shoulder; the lightness of her steps; the tiny bump near the bridge of her nose that marred its perfection while making her more real; the very slight jiggle of her modest breasts that appeared to straddle the divide between an A and a B cup. 

I checked my pedometer and saw that I was just over 8,000 steps - I'd done more than three and a half miles and decided to call it quits. I stopped by the cubby holes near the track doors, reached in where I'd left my half-bottle of orange-flavored sport drink and proceeded to drain the remaining contents. I felt a small tap on my shoulder, turned around, and saw Agnetha standing there, a surprisingly radiant smile on her face. 

"Thanks for pacing me," she said, her skin crinkling slightly around her blue eyes, forming smile lines.

"No problem. I stagger around the track once, you glide around it twice - I wish I could run like you."

"I've been doing this all my life, practically," she told me, sticking her hand out toward me. "I'm Erika, by the way."

"Steve," I replied, shaking her hand.

"Nice to meet you, Steve," she said, her eyes scanning me. "You've made some nice progress since the first time I saw you a month or two ago. What have you dropped? Ten pounds or so?"

"Twelve, but who's counting?" I joked. "Thanks for noticing. I'll never be in your kind of shape, but I'm doing what I can."

She poked me in the belly, surprising me. "You're not that soft," she said with an alluring laugh. "Do you have somewhere to be? If not, do you want to go grab a coffee?" I was surprised again.

"I'm in no hurry. Do you want to go to the Starbucks on Main, or the Starbucks on Central?"

"Let's figure it out on the way out," she replied, pulling her light jacket out of a cubby hole and handing it to me. I paused for an awkward moment, then helped her to put it on after she stuck her arms back for it. She shook her head mockingly and rolled her eyes, then laughed as we began our walk out of the gym. I grinned sheepishly in reply.

The skies were overcast, with temperatures in the mid-50s - not the worst weather for March in the Chicago suburbs. As we made our way to our cars Erika surprised me yet again. "What if I suggested that instead of coffee, we get ourselves a room at that new chain motel over on Central?"

"I don't know," I said with a small laugh. "What if you did?"

"Okay, smartass. How about we get ourselves a room instead of coffee?"

My heart and mind began to race. I'd been married for nearly a decade, but had never even considered straying until a year or so ago. And the closest I'd come to that had been a few quick drunken kisses and a couple of feels with an ex-girlfriend at a barbecue last fall as we'd passed in a dimly lit hallway. Outside of her pretty face Erika wasn't really my type, but if I was going to expand my horizons maybe it made sense to be with someone very different from what I was used to.

"That sounds great," I said with almost no hesitation. "How about that new motel on Central? I'll get a room on the first floor and leave the door open a bit so you'll know which one I'm in."

"Okay. I'll wait a few minutes, then drive on over there to meet you."

Ten minutes later I was alone in the motel room, the door open several inches. It felt slightly stuffy, so I turned the thermostat down to 68 degrees to get the air flowing. I removed my running shoes, sat down on the bed for a moment, then began to pace a bit wondering if this had been some sort of prank, if I'd dropped eighty bucks just for some "free" HBO.

I then heard Erika's voice behind me. "Is this your room, Steve?" I turned around, and saw she was already in the room. Smiling conspiratorially, she turned the lock and flipped the bar lock as well, and then walked over to where I stood near the king-sized bed.

She dropped her purse on the bed, its tasteful brown leather clashing with the obnoxious floral print of the bedspread, and then turned to face me. Our hands joined briefly as we looked into one another's eyes before I moved my fingers up her back and to her neck, drawing her in for an exploratory kiss that lasted but a few wonderful seconds. "Undo my hair," she instructed, and I reached up to the base of her pony tail, pulling the elastic band down the length of it. She shook her head, her beautiful blonde tresses falling down to her shoulders and down her back.

She reached down near my waist and pulled my tee shirt over my head. From there we wasted no time getting one another's sweaty workout clothes off. I pulled her sports bra over her head; her breasts were the smallest I'd seen up close and personal since high school but they were topped with perfectly pink nipples. I slid her thong down, intrigued to see that she was waxed down below. Our mouths locked as we fell onto the bed, her strong hand quickly moving to my half-hard cock, almost pulling it to its full erect length in a matter of seconds as we lay on our sides facing one another. 

I ran a thumb and index finger along the length of her hairless pussy, eliciting small sighs from her as my thumb slowly circled around her clit. She was reacting as quickly as I was; I felt her wetness radiating forth along with the heat from her princess parts. I kissed down her neck to her chest, my mouth locking onto a delightfully hard nipple, licking and nipping at it for half a minute before I began to lick my way down her firm belly, enjoying the salty taste of her skin.

"Not so fast," she said, her hand leaving my slippery cockhead and tugging at my short hair, stopping my southward progress. "I love getting sweaty, but hate the taste of it. Bring your mouth back up here."

She rolled onto her back as I kissed my way back up her firm body, my cock leaking precome that smoothed its journey up her thigh to her smoothly waxed pussy, so different from my wife's hairy one. Our mouths joined once more, tongues dancing, as I slid my member along the length of her channel. Her left hand lightly scratched my back while her right felt around the bed, reaching into her purse. A moment later she held a foil condom wrapper before me, breaking our kiss and placing it between her teeth to tear it open. 

She rolled us over in a smooth athletic move, then placed the protection against the tip of my erection and unrolled it down my length. "Safety first," she said with a smile, aligning my encased member against her nether lips. I reveled in every small sensation as she lowered herself onto me, joining together with this woman who was becoming more beautiful with each passing moment.

Her actions made it clear that she liked being in charge, was used to it. She planted her hands on my chest as she rode me, her strong thighs pinning my legs in place as she took her pleasure from me. Though she had some faint stretch marks that suggested she had borne at least one child, her vagina was wonderfully tight, and the ways in which it clenched my cock told me that she was dedicated to working out her entire body. I lay still beneath her, never so happy in my life to be used as she milked my rod with her pelvic muscles. 

She continually changed angles with her hips, bringing new sensations to us both as she grunted and purred. "Fuck, you're good," I muttered several times along with a number of exhortations not to stop doing what she was doing. One moment she would lean into me and our mouths would meet as her golden hair fell all around my head, and the next she would sit straight up.

Finally she leaned back, her arms on my legs, my hands on her ass. "Fuck me, take me, give it to me, Steve," she pleaded through gritted teeth, arching her back and all but ceasing her motions. I began thrusting hard into her, slid my right hand around to rub her clit as my cock drove in and out, loving the way she seemingly molded herself around me in a perfectly snug fit as we joined together and slid apart. 

All too soon I felt an urgent need to come, my balls tightening. I smiled as she began her own climax, guttural sounds coming forth from her throat as her vaginal spasms drove me over the edge. I felt the warmth of my orgasm spread from my chest all the way down to my balls, my come shooting forth and filling the condom as I mumbled all matter of filthy talk. She collapsed against my chest, our sweat mingling as our tongues met once more and I began to shrink inside of her.

"That was," she began.

"A really nice workout?" I replied.

"It was." She paused for a brief moment, a few final spasms in her pussy causing her to shudder. "Time for a cool down," she said, dismounting from me. She rose from the bed and walked to the bathroom. I heard the shower start up and opted to see if she wanted company. She was just stepping over the side of the tub when I entered the small chamber. "You've decided to join me, then?" she said, the smile on her face and in her voice signaling her approval.

I got into the shower behind her, reached for the small bar of soap, tore its package open and began rubbing the bar against her back. "Oh, that's nice," she said as the lather began to form. I slid the slippery soap all around her back and then down to her ass cheeks. "That tickles!" she shrieked, grasping the shower bar for support as I hunched over and began working my way down the back of her legs and then down to her feet. 

"Now my front," she instructed, turning around, her perfect pussy right at my eye level. I couldn't resist a clumsy attempt at licking her, but she drew away. "I'm still sweaty and stinky down there." I proceeded to wash her there, enjoying the way she squirmed as the small massage bumps on the soap rubbed against her sensitive parts. I worked the bar down her thighs and all down her leg before standing up to scrub her upper half.

"I guess cleanliness is a turn-on for you," she commented, her hand stroking my half-erect cock. She took the soap out of my hand and began to clean my genitals with it. Each slippery stroke got me harder until I was fully erect. "Did I make this happen?" she said with a small laugh. "I wish my husband's was this responsive. And quick to reload." 

She turned sideways and adjusted the shower spray so it rinsed the soap off of me, lifting my hard shaft to get the underneath clean and clear. She adjusted the shower head again to keep the spray off of us and then knelt before me. "So fresh and clean," she remarked as she began to lick the head, her eyes meeting mine. It was my turn to hold on to the shower bar as I felt my knees begin to weaken with her ministrations. I almost fell over when I felt her suck one of my testicles into her mouth while her hand began to stroke my length. "So slippery, too," she mumbled as she licked from my root back to my head, which she then proceeded to slide past her lips.

Her cock-sucking technique was amazing. She knew just how to use her hand, mouth and tongue to deliver a wide range of wonderful sensations. She looked up at me in wonderment, as if surprised that she could bring me such pleasure. I loved having her eyes locked on me, and looking down and seeing the way my cock kept disappearing into her mouth.

She brought me close to coming several times in just a few short minutes, and expertly slowed things down. "Such sweet torture," I remarked. I swear that the gleam in her eye intensified when I said that, though with all of the water drops and steam it was getting harder and harder to see anything all that clearly. 

Finally I couldn't take it anymore, and I placed my hands on her head. I began to guide her mouth down onto me as I thrust deep into her mouth - gently at first, and then more roughly when she nodded her consent. I pulled lightly at her hair and heard her make small choking sounds each time my cock met the back of her throat. She surprised me by gently squeezing my balls, and this new sensation drove me over the edge. I grunted as I came, letting go of her head after my fourth or fifth spurt of semen pumped into her mouth. She took my shaft in her hand and gently milked the remaining droplets out, sighing contentedly while licking on my head until I backed away, too sensitive for any more of her touch.

She stood up, her mouth open, then swallowed loudly, lewdly. "That was almost certainly the tastiest seven calories I'll ingest all day," she smirked. "Thank you for that treat."

"No, thank you. That was wonderful."

We looked at each other in awkward silence. I wasn't sure which of us was more surprised about the events of the past hour or so. Finally I put my hand on the back of her neck and pulled her mouth to mine for a brief, deep kiss. I wasn't sure that the treat I'd given her was all that tasty, but I didn't gag from the residue either.

She broke away from me. "I have to go, back to reality. But this really was lovely. I don't do this sort of thing often, but every now and then I meet someone who seems worth it. I hope it won't be weird the next time I see you at the gym."

"I..."

"Shhh," she said. "Just file this away as a fun memory, Steve. Don't think about it too much. Finish showering, watch a little TV...just don't leave right after me. You never know who might see us in a small town like this. I'd hate to be the subject of any gossip." 

My thoughts were whirling as Erika grabbed a towel and walked out of the bathroom, closing the door behind her. I stood there, somewhat dumbfounded, dripping water onto the bath mat. A brief minute or so later I heard her opening the locks, and then the door. A moment later, she was gone.