 The previous summer . . . 

School's out for the summer! 

The lyrics to that old song kept bouncing around in his head. It seemed the ditty found new life every year, much to the annoyance of many. Regardless, he was thrilled that school was out—for him, forever. At least, high school. Senior year had been dreadful. It had been hard—he was not the studious type, although he managed to make acceptable grades. But what was even worse were the people. There weren't many fellow classmates that he particularly liked or got along with. He had a few friends, but most of the kids at this well-to-do school were snobs. They came from rich families and thought everyone owed them. 

Joseph came from a rich family also, but he hadn't always been wealthy. Not until his mother remarried. His stepfather Richard, was a decent man, treated his mother well—way better than his natural father. He'd had no use for that man. Joseph and his stepsister got along well enough. Fortunately, she lived with her mother and he only had to put up with her on occasional weekends, holidays and in the last year, hardly at all because she was away in her first year of college. 

And that's what Joseph had to look forward to—more school! Although, from the little he heard from Jackie, college didn't seem to be as bad as high school. The big problem with it might be that he would be attending the same university as his stepsister. But she said the likelihood of them seeing each other was slim. 

So, there was that on the horizon preceded by a long boring summer. So much to look forward to, he thought wryly. Yippee! 

* * * 

As she made her way home from college for the summer, Jackie wasn't quite ready to think of the summer as long and boring—although it would be very interesting. She lived with her mother; however, her stepfather had been transferred across country and he and her mother were in the process of moving, so Jackie was going to have to stay with her natural father and his wife and her son, Joseph, for most of the summer. She had nothing against her father; in fact, she loved him very much. She got along with her stepmother, but she hadn't really spent enough time with the woman to form any kind of serious relationship. Likewise, except for the occasional weekends, holidays and a couple of weeks each summer, her stepbrother was not someone she was particularly close with. They got along with each other and that was about all she could say of their relationship. 

At least her father was well off and owned a large, luxurious home, so she would be very comfortable. Beyond that, well, it was going to be . . . very interesting. 

It was late May with daytime temperatures rising, so Jackie dressed comfortably in fairly short gym shorts and a tank top, not thinking that she had been told Joseph would be home to let her in the house as the parents would be at work. She still wasn't sure why her stepmother, Cheryl, worked. Jackie's dad certainly made enough money that she didn't need to. Apparently, the woman just had a great job she didn't want to give up. 

Evidently, no one had bothered to tell Joseph she was coming and to let her in, if the lecherous stare he gave her when he opened the door was any clue. 

"Are you going to just stand there or are you going to let me in?" 

A big smile appeared on his face. "You want to come in?" he asked as though he had just won the lottery. 

"No one told you I was coming?" 

"Who are you?" Joseph asked, dumbfounded. 

"Uh, Jackie. Your stepsister." She pushed passed him and walked into the foyer. 

"Oh, wow! Oh, Jackie, I didn't recognize you. You look different. You changed your hair. Wow, you look great!" 

She supposed he was correct about her shorter hair, but she didn't think she had changed it so much as to make her unrecognizable. "So, no one told you I was coming?" 

"Noooo. What's going on?" 

Okay, so maybe it wasn't entirely his fault. As she calmed down a bit she noticed that he had changed also; almost as though he had grown up. He was a little more muscular and . . . she couldn't believe she was thinking this about her stepbrother . . . handsome. "I'm going to be spending most of the summer here. My stepfather was transferred across country and—" 

"Oh, yeah," Joseph said, realization taking hold. "Now, I remember hearing something about that. No one reminded me you were coming today. I'm sorry. I didn't—" 

"Don't worry about it, Joseph. If you weren't told, it wasn't your fault." 

"You need help unloading?" 

"Sure, that would be nice." 

As he followed her out to the car, he thought that maybe the summer wouldn't be so boring after all; particularly since Jackie really did fill out and tone up. She looked fantastic. 

Jackie could feel her stepbrother's eyes all over her, undoubtedly mentally undressing her. But she knew she did look much better than the last time he saw her, and at least he wasn't making lewd remarks like so many guys on campus. 

Joseph juggled the boxes he carried so he could look at her legs as she walked ahead of him up the stairs to the bedroom she typically used when she stayed here. She had great legs, and when they reached her bedroom, he couldn't help but ask, "You really do look great, Jackie. You been working out?" 

"Thanks, Joseph. It's a big campus. You walk pretty much everywhere and you do a lot of it." She gave him another glance. "Speaking of working out, you're looking good yourself." 

"We lift weights in P.E. Guess I took it a little more seriously than others." 

"Well, it shows," she offered with a warm smile. 

"Thanks." He returned the smile. 

And they had a moment. 

Jackie spent the remainder of the afternoon unpacking and getting situated. Joseph offered to help, less because he wanted to be useful and more because he wanted to feast his eyes. She allowed him to assist knowing he was ogling over her, but there was something about him that she didn't seem to mind. 

When it seemed there was nothing else to do and no excuse to hang around her room, he excused himself to go to his own bedroom, closed the door, sprawled out on his bed, unzipped his pants, pushed them down far enough to expose the massive hard-on he had from watching his stepsister, and beat his cock unmercifully. 

Relaxing herself, Jackie heard someone enter the house downstairs, and she thought she detected the sound of high heels on the tile floor of the kitchen. Assuming it was Cheryl, she figured she should go down to greet her. Along the way, she tapped on Joseph's door. "Your mom is home." The door hadn't been shut tight, and her knock caused it to open a fraction of an inch; however, it was enough for her to see what her stepbrother was doing. Regardless of what she might surmise to be his stimulus, including the possibility that it might be her, she glimpsed the respectable tool his hand was sliding up and down. It nearly took her breath away. Not wanting him to catch her, she quickly moved on as he said he'd been down in a minute. It was an image that would remain indelible in her mind. 

Cheryl came to greet Jackie as she came down the stairs. The younger woman noticed that her stepmother also looked good in a wraparound, free-flowing dress. On the ground floor, they hugged. 

"College life agrees with you, Jackie," Cheryl complimented. "You look great." 

"Thanks. Big campus, lots of walking," she explained, shortening her explanation. "What about you? You're looking fit also." 

"We're trying to eat better. Your dad works so hard and he doesn't get enough exercise, so I at least try to see he eats properly." 

"Well, good for you. It shows." 

"I'm really looking forward to you staying with us," Cheryl said honestly. "I want to get to know you better. I don't feel as though we've had that opportunity with the weekends here and there you've spent with us." 

"That would be nice," Jackie agreed. What else could she say? "I'd like that too." 

A while later, Jackie's father arrived home. When she hugged and greeted him, she noticed that he was looking trimmer also. 

The family enjoyed a pleasant dinner together with the parents changing into more comfortable clothes. Cheryl had dressed down to Jackie's level, and the latter was amazed that not only did the woman have the legs and breasts to make the dress-down work, but it made her actually look several years younger than her early forties age. 

Later on, upstairs in the hallway, Jackie commented to Joseph. "You're mom really looks good in shorts and a tank top. No way could my mother get away wearing something like that." 

"Yeah, she does." Of course, he'd noticed his mother, and was even embarrassed to think that he'd wacked off to her in some desperate moments. "I've nearly gotten in some fights with friends who have made rude comments about her." 

"Yeah, I guess that must be awkward." 

"Can't blame them. She does look good. But I feel like I have to defend her. Wish girls looked at me like that." 

"Be careful what you wish for," Jackie cautioned. "Guys look at me like that, like you did this afternoon, and they only have one thing on their minds, and that's how to separate me from my panties." 

"I swear I wasn't thinking that," Joseph said defensively. "If you ever catch me looking at you like that, feel free to slap me. But you know, Jackie, you are a very attractive girl. I'm sure guys just can't help looking at you." 

"You're turning out to be okay, Joseph. I was wondering how this summer might turn out, but I think it's going to be good." 

And so it went. Jackie and Joseph now saw each other in a different light. They treated each other with greater kindness and respect, not that they had ever treated each other badly before. They were simply seeing new sides of each other. 

Of course, it wasn't all sweet and innocent. Joseph continually stole glances at her nicely developed breasts and toned legs, being very careful about it; and Jackie couldn't shake the image of him masturbating from her mind, not that she wanted to. 

It led to a discussion about dating. 

"You date much in high school?" Jackie asked one morning. 

"Not really. Too many snobby girls. The few I did go on were more for convenience or purpose, but no one I wanted a lasting relationship with." 

"Good looking guy like you? That still surprises me," Jackie remarked. 

"You?" 

"Like I said before, too many guys just trying to get in my panties. How about sex?" 

He did a double-take, not expecting such a question. Not knowing what to answer, he joked, "No, not with my stepsister. That wouldn't be right." 

Jackie chuckled. "I meant, have you done it?" 

"Well, that's a rather personal question." 

"You're right. I'm sorry. Just making conversation." 

"Oh. Then, no." 

"No?" 

"No, I haven't had sex with anyone except . . ." He held up his hand, somewhat embarrassed over admitting it. 

* * * 

Joseph and Jackie became responsible for keeping the house tidy, and they also spent time in wide-ranging discussions. Mostly she talked about college life so he would know what to expect. She had grown accustomed to him discreetly watching her, even though she knew he thought he was getting away with it, but she was actually enjoying the attention of a male who was just admiring her, not trying to do something more. So, she dressed the part: gym shorts, short shorts, sometimes she stayed in the flimsy bottoms she wore to sleep in, tank tops, T-shirts, tight knit shirts, low-cut, sometimes she even went braless. However, she hoped he didn't think she was being a tease. 

Over the course of several days, Jackie did begin to notice a pattern. Joseph would disappear into his bedroom for several minutes, usually in the afternoon, and close the door. After catching him her first day, and coupled with the show she was putting on with her attire, it was fairly easy to guess what he was doing. Another surprising and definitive clue was one afternoon when Cheryl arrived home from work early and Jackie was stepping out of her room she saw Joseph's mother standing at his bedroom door. It was open a finger's width, about the same amount as when Jackie had watched him, and her stepmother was touching her own breasts and between her legs. 

Jackie quickly stepped back to avoid being detected. She was at first amused, assuming that Joseph was in his room jerking off to her, while his mother was out in the hallway playing with herself to him. She then wondered what might be going on between mother and son. Was Jackie's dad aware of this, or was he perhaps the reason his wife was doing that? Was he not satisfying her? As busy as he seemed to be, he might not be giving her enough attention. Jackie would have to investigate. 

However, since that was the only time she witnessed her stepmother doing that, she let it go, particularly since she wanted another turn at Joseph's door. That opportunity came the next day and she took advantage of it, but not intentionally. What really caught her eye, aside from his very large cock, was the pair of panties wrapped around it that he was using to stroke himself. From her vantage point, she couldn't tell whose underwear it was, although it was reasonable to assume it was hers or his mother's. His mother's? No, that would just be too weird. 

So, Jackie quietly eased in. His eyes were closed so he didn't see her as she moved right next to the bed. Though she quickly identified the panties as her own, the sight of his chiseled penis up close and personal caused her to involuntarily gasp. Of course, that drew his attention. 

It was hard to tell what went wider: Joseph's mouth or eyes. But he reacted fast enough to cover his genitals with his hands, ignoring the evidence of her panties. "What are you doing?" he demanded, his voice a couple of octaves higher. 

With a slightly trembling hand, Jackie extended her arm. When her fingers were inches from his dick, she made a fist to steady them before pulling on her underpants and unraveling them from his hands. Dangling the nylon in front of him, she said, "Didn't even know these were missing." 

"Uh, uh, I, I—" 

"Calm down," Jackie whispered, "It's okay. I'm not mad." 

"You're not?" But what actually convinced him of that was her fixation on his cock. The fact that she was staring at it so intently caused it to pulse. Her eyes widened, her face showing amazement. Then it instantly dawned on him. He allowed her a few more seconds before saying, "You've never seen a real penis before." 

Dragging her attention away, she looked up at him shaking her head. 

Almost disbelieving the situation before him, a part of him felt he should stop this and send her away because it seemed like it should be wrong. But the bigger part of him didn't want to lose this moment. 

Before he could decide what to do next, Jackie asked, "Would it make you nervous if I touched it?" 

Joseph felt himself get harder, if that was possible, and certainly his cock pulsed at her question. "I am experiencing emotions on so many levels right now, nervousness is just one of them. It might just spit on you if you touch it." 

Jackie giggled. "You mean you're ready to come?" 

"Well, I didn't think I was, but it's never been touched by anyone else before, and at this moment, it has a mind of its own." 

With a lustful expression, she reached out and gently, hesitantly wrapped her palms and fingers around his shaft as though she had no idea what it would feel like. "I always wondered what the female fascination with a man's penis was, but it's really quite something. All the talk about it being so hard, and yet there is a softness to it." She explored every inch of it, running her thumb and forefinger all over the head, feeling the crease on the bottom of the crown, rotating her fingers around the soft foreskin, and then fisting the entire length. 

As she ran her hand up and down, essentially jerking him off, he didn't know how long he could hold out. He could see the fascination on her face, and that added to his own arousal. His heart was pounding. "If you keep that up, I can't be responsible for what happens." 

"That's kind of what I was hoping for," she responded gleefully. "You like this?" 

"I think my head is about to explode." 

"I'll settle for just your penis erupting." 

And so it did. The first burst shot out hitting her cheek, but the rest just spewed, dripping down his shaft and running all over the back of her hand. 

Though his heart was still pounding, his breathing labored, he was able to see that Jackie did not seem repulsed by the mess in her hand. Instead, she held it up close to her face as though to study it. With her other hand she used thumb and forefinger to pinch a glob and rub it around to see what it felt like. When she lifted a finger to her tongue to taste it, another drop oozed out of his dick. 

"That was amazing," Jackie exclaimed. "How do you feel?" 

"Mostly great, but a little confused." 

She could see that he needed an explanation. "Some of my friends and I have seen some pictures in magazines and watched some movies." 

"You mean, like porn?" 

Realizing what she was admitting, she said, "Well, yes. One of my friends has done this before, and another has actually had sex. And, well, I haven't and I, uh, I, well, I've kind of seen you do this a couple of times before—" 

"What? You've spied on me?" 

"You don't always shut your door tight." 

"Oh. Sorry." 

"I wasn't complaining. I even caught your mom peeking yesterday," Jackie reported without thinking. "She was touching herself." 

Joseph thought about that. "I guess I'm not totally surprised by that. My mother is a very sexual woman. You've seen how she dresses around here. She likes to show herself off for your dad. I've heard some pretty wild noises coming from their bedroom from time to time. Not lately, though. He's just been working so hard—big project at work or something. I guess she's been feeling neglected." 

"That's sad. Maybe I can convince him to lighten up on work a bit. And speaking of your mom, I'd better get out of here and cleaned up before she gets home." 

And when she heard that, Cheryl hurried away from Joseph's door, having also enjoyed the show. 

* * * 

Joseph avoided Jackie for the next couple of days as much as he could without being too obvious. It was more out of embarrassment than anything else. As much as he loved what she had done for him, he still felt awkward about it. Of course, he had relived it in his mind many times over and had even masturbated a few times thinking about it. However, now he was a little more careful about the times he chose to do that. 

Jackie picked up on it fairly quickly and considered how to best handle it. She approached him on the morning of the second day, deciding on an apologetic tactic. "Can we talk?" she asked. 

Certain he knew what was coming, and knowing he could not avoid it for much longer, Joseph said, "Yes," and gestured to the chair beside the sofa he was sitting on. 

"I'm sorry about the other night," she began. "I shouldn't have barged in on you like that. Are you mad at me?" 

Joseph look up sharply. He hadn't expected that. "No, no, of course not. That was the nicest thing anyone has ever done for me." 

She frowned. "Then why have you been so aloof?" 

He shrugged. "I feel embarrassed, but I don't know why." 

"You have no reason to be embarrassed. If anyone should be embarrassed, it should be me." 

"And yet, you're not." 

"No, I'm not. I really enjoyed the other night. I hope you did too." 

"More than you know." 

"Good. Because I'm ready to take it to the next step." 

"The next step?" Joseph questioned, apprehensively. "What would that be?" 
