 "Hi Steve! Have a seat. I'll be with you in just a few minutes."

"Sounds good, Wendy," I replied to the sexy hair stylist who had been cutting my hair for the past few years, grateful that she was able to squeeze me in just before closing time on an unseasonably cool late June evening. As a vaguely successful realtor it's important that I make some attempt to look my best. A grown-out buzz cut is rarely considered a good look; the longer my hair grows the more the silver encroaches upon the gold and gives away the fact that I'm in my mid-forties. 

I thumbed through an automotive magazine while Wendy finished up with her client, a short guy who looked to be around twenty-five who kept trying to amuse her with corny jokes. I smiled at Wendy several times as she rolled her eyes my way, wishing this Shecky Greene wanna-be would just scram already and return to the Catskills. He kept finding small flaws in her work, correcting her. I glanced down at my watch, saw I'd already been waiting for 10 minutes, relieved when Shecky was finally satisfied and consented to having Wendy gel his hair up. They walked over to the counter, where he pulled out his credit card and paid. "Thanks, hot stuff," he commented as he left, receiving a smirk in return from the pretty stylist.

"I hope all of your customers aren't that annoying," I said as I stood up.

"You'd be surprised," Wendy replied. "Ever since I got back from maternity leave two weeks ago, the jerks have been coming out of the woodwork." She paused a moment. "Have a seat while I lock the door; it's just about closing time and I am d-o-n-e with people today."

I walked over to the maroon salon chair, sat down on the thick padding, gave Wendy the once over as she locked the door, turned off the neon sign and closed the blinds. She'd always had a nice hourglass shape, and her recent pregnancy had added nicely to her figure. Her ass was fantastically rounded in a black skirt, her waist carried an extra inch or two and her bust looked stunning in her scoop-necked black cotton sweater. She had amazing motherly curves on a five-and-a-half-foot body topped with a beautifully lean olive-complected face framed by jet-black, shoulder length hair. By my reckoning she had to be in her late twenties.

"It's good to see you again," I commented as Wendy turned my chair to face the mirror, tied a cape around me and put a small strip of tissue across the back of my neck. Our eyes met in the mirror and she smiled at me, showing a set of pearly white teeth with an alluring gap in the middle as she lowered the chair a few inches to allow her to work at a comfortable height.

"Likewise," she replied, her open mouth showing off her red tongue piercing, a reminder that motherhood hadn't tamed her. 

"I'm assuming that's your little guy?" I said, pointing to the snapshot of a swaddled infant next to the mirror.

"Yep - that's Jordan, the guy who keeps us working hard all day and then keeps us up half the night," she said with a wan smile. "Do you want the usual? Number two comb on the back and sides and finger-length up top?"

"Yes, please," I replied as she got to work, the buzzing clippers gently pulsating against the side of my head, inch-long hairs beginning to cascade down to my shoulders and the floor. I peeked at her cleavage in the mirror as she assertively worked the electric clippers around for several minutes. Between the vibrations against my head and the nice view I was getting I felt my arousal begin down below. "Oh my god, I look like a mushroom!" I joked when she was done with the clippers, all of the hairs above ear level protruding well past my freshly shaved sides and back. 

"Or, like, a dick," Wendy said with a laugh, a blush rising from her chest up to her cheeks. I, too, blushed, and involuntarily flexed my PC muscle a few times before I caught myself, hoping Wendy hadn't noticed the way the cape was tenting down by my groin.

"Careful around those things," I replied, laughing. "They can get you pregnant!" We both laughed at that, but I continued to do so after Wendy had stopped, a somewhat sad look coming to her eyes. She silently put down the trimmer and picked up her water bottle, spritzed the top of my head before putting her scissors to work. "Did I say something wrong?" I asked after several minutes of silence.

"No, not at all. I mean, I shouldn't have said what I said."

"About what?"

"Um, you know," she said, then paused while I looked into her eyes in the mirror. "Dicks. They're kind of a sore subject for me right now," she commented before putting the scissors to work once more.

"How come? I know when my friends were all having their kids some of them had some, well, I guess you could say 'intimacy issues' for a while after the births. Is that it?" 

"Yeah...Frank acts like I'm made out of tissue paper or something down there now, like I'll break if we have sex. The doctor cleared me well over a month ago, but he's just been really weird about it." I felt sad to hear this, but my traitorous cock remained erect thinking about Wendy's sexy body out of her skirt and sweater.

"Sooooo...no sex at all?" I finally asked. 

"We've been doing...other things," Wendy revealed. "Just not, you know, any intercourse." The word sounded clinical yet alluring coming from her mouth as she finished cutting with the scissors and began massaging the short hairs on my scalp.

"God, that feels incredible," I commented between wistful moans as Wendy's fingers worked their magic atop my head. "Frank's one lucky guy."

"Do you really think so?"

"I do. If I were him I'd be doing all I could to make a second baby with you. I mean, if that's in your plans."

"Oh, I'm back on the pill already. We want to have our kids a few years apart."

"And he still won't, erm, 'give you the D'?" I said with a laugh. Wendy gently pulled a few of my hairs while making an annoyed face before laughing back. "I mean, I would in a heartbeat!"

"Okay," Wendy said with a challenge in her voice, staring at me.

"Okay what?"

"Give me the D. You're a good-looking guy." Pause. "I'm horny as fuck. Let's do it."

"For real?" I asked, involuntarily gulping.

"Do I seem like I'm joking?" the sexy stylist said, adjusting my chair back a few degrees before wrapping her hands around my head and lowering her soft lips to mine. Our lips parted, and I took in the scent of peppermint as our tongues met and gently swirled around. The young, sweet taste of this beautiful woman quickly had me completely hard. Was she ready for me? I brought my right hand to her crotch to find out. I felt heat there, real or imagined, as I pressed a finger against her skirt and placed it between her legs. 

Wendy sighed softly while we continued our kiss, and I took that as a signal to continue my explorations. I placed my hand beneath her skirt, found the front of her panties, delighted by the moisture my fingers found there. I rubbed along her womanhood over the panties several times, causing her to break off our kiss and stand in a somewhat bowlegged manner that left her open to my touch, my eyes fixed once more on her delectable cleavage. My fingers slid easily across her shaved lips, and I gently inserted my middle one into her while my thumb pressed against her clitoris, slowly circling around the hardening little nub as I slid my middle finger in and out of her. I bent my finger into a hook shape, tried to touch it to my thumb through her pubic wall, stimulating her G spot. Her legs trembled slightly as I manually pleasured her.

"I don't want you to fall," I said gently. "Why don't you sit up on the counter?"

"Okay," she replied, pushing her scissors, razors and other tools of the trade aside and sitting up on her work station. I got out of the chair and knelt before her, happy to find that the counter put my head at the same height as Wendy's inviting pussy. I felt a small ache in my knees on the hard tile floor, stood up and removed the cape, bunched it up on the floor as Wendy watched somewhat impatiently. She handed me a towel to add to my cushioning as I knelt down once more, pushed her skirt up and licked her several times through her nylon panties, delighted at the sweet, salty smell and taste of her slightly dusky labia.

"Don't tease me!' Wendy exclaimed, reaching to her waistband and beginning to pull her underwear down, getting them past her ass. In reply I clamped down on the fabric with my teeth, pulled them off with my mouth, her legs briefly coming close together around my head to allow them to clear her ankles before she opened wide once more. I kissed and licked my way up her left leg until my mouth was on her again. My tongue went straight to her hole, stabbing at it while my nose rubbed just above her clit. She tasted amazing, like salted tropical fruit, and I lapped away greedily, trying to vary my motions, to pay attention to her little bud as it emerged from its hood, take her lips between mine, tasting all of her at once. I felt her hand on my head, tried to look up to her beautiful face, found my view blocked by the overhang of her skirt. I knew my technique wasn't perfect, but her reactions made it clear that she appreciated my enthusiasm as she pressed my face against her beautiful mound. 

Wendy grunted, squealed, purred...performed a symphony to my ears. Her breathing quickened as my mouth began to tire despite the rush of adrenalin I was feeling, the sweet, salty nectar that she was steadily emitting feeding me. I brought my middle finger into play as she placed her right leg over my shoulder, sinking my entire digit into her sweet hole. I licked at her clit while finger fucking her, scraped it gently with my teeth, took it between my lips and gently shook my head from side to side. As she grew wetter I managed to get a second finger inside her, and she jerked suddenly, nearly screamed as she shuddered, almost shaking me off as my fingers worked inside her. "Fuck!" she yelled as I smiled, happy to have given this wonderful woman some much-deserved pleasure. "Shit shit damn fuck," she continued as she pushed my head away from its source of sweet sustenance, gasping for breath, a slight sheen of sweat on her forehead. 

I stood up, cupped her breasts through her sweater, found my hands pushed away. "I love having my tits played with but don't want to make a mess," Wendy told me.

"Oh, right. I'm stupid. Lactation. I didn't even think about that aspect of things."

"Understandable. I know you don't have kids, so this probably isn't something you've really had to deal with before," Wendy said, her hands going to the back of my head and drawing me in for another soul kiss that helped to bring my half-hard cock back to life. "Damn, I taste good, don't I?" she said as we broke the kiss off.

"Incredible," I said, staring deeply into her brown eyes as she leaned back, her head against the mirror. "So incredible," I muttered again as I went to kiss her again, felt her hands briefly rub me through my jeans before she began to tug at my belt. Her skilled hands quickly unbuckled it, popped the button on my pants, unzipped me, began to stroke me through my boxer briefs, finally undid the single button on their fly and took my length in her hands. "Even more incredible," I opined as she stroked me for a minute or so, quickly bringing several dollops of pre-come forth, using it to lubricate my spongy head and firm shaft.

"Okay, if I want to stroke or suck a dick I can do that at home," Wendy said with a smirk. "Let's get this thing inside me."

"Absolutely," I replied, reaching around to my back pocket for my wallet. "Just let me get a little protection."

"That's probably smart with an old pussy hound like you."

"You have no idea," I thought, briefly wondering what kind of vibes I was sending out to the women of my village that was getting me laid lately like I was back in college again. Wendy responded with a single raised eyebrow as I handed her the foil package and dropped my pants and underwear to the ground.

She took the condom wrapper in her hands, seemed surprised to see that it promised *extended pleasure,* tore it open with her teeth. "Damn, you could really use a trim down here, too," she commented as she placed the sheath on me. 

"You Millennials," I said as she prepared for my entrance, her right leg on the floor and her left up on the counter, her skirt bunched up around her waist. "You sweet, sexy Millennials."

I placed myself at her entrance, reveling at the feel of her through the latex as I gently entered her with my tip, flexed a few times inside her. "For fuck's sake, just because I haven't been fucked in months doesn't mean I can't take it. I do have toys, you know," Wendy said, raising her hips as I thrust into her in one fast hard motion, causing her to gasp as my six inches bottomed out inside her. "I think I like this better than my cold glass dildo, though."

"I like this, period," I replied through gritted teeth, loving the way her sweet young pussy seemingly molded itself around every contour of my cock. "Fuck, I love it." 

It took a bit of effort to pull back out of her, like we'd created a perfect vacuum on my initial entry. I wrapped my right arm around her raised left leg to get some leverage as I thrust back into her, her bra-encased breasts jiggling on impact inside her sweater. Whatever slimming power black was supposed to have was lost with her magnificent rack; I imagined how her wonderful her naked chest must look, picturing slightly dusky, perfectly rounded quarter-sized areola topped with eraser-sized nipples, firm young breasts standing proudly.

"Goddam it, Wendy, I never even dared to dream about this."

"Shhhhhh," she replied. 

The sounds of our bodies coming together and sliding away from one another repeatedly filled the salon, the gentle slapping of flesh and various mutterings, sighs and sputterings the sole sounds for several minutes. Wendy lay back, her eyes reduced to narrow slits, tongue occasionally lolling out, showing off that piercing. "Yes yes yes," she began to say. "I'm so fucking close!" I slowed my thrusts in favor of penetrating her more deeply as her right hand dropped to where we were joined. She rubbed her clit and came with a gasp and a shudder, her wonderfully warm walls spasming around me. I stopped, held myself still inside her, savoring the sensations even through the latex and the numbing agent as I watched her, luxuriating in this perfect fit.

"You've never looked more beautiful to me than just now," I said, raising a hand to her head, caressing the side of her face and her raven-hued tresses, feeling a slight dampness. "So fucking beautiful. Like an angel."

"Thank you," Wendy replied. "I was totally lost in myself. Did you come too?" 

I flexed my PC muscles several times in reply, hard enough for her to feel. "I guess not. Ready for more?" I nodded, and she pushed me back and out of her, then slid down off of the counter. She faced me, took my cock in her hand, stroked it several times. "You're definitely still up for more," she commented with a smile, slowly turning around, lifting her skirt and rubbing my sheathed cock against her hip and bare ass before facing the mirror, bending over, hands on the counter as she presented herself to me. I was all too happy to get behind her, flip her skirt up, rub myself against the crevice of her beautiful ass for a few moments, watch the mild frustration on her face in the mirror. Just as it looked like she might say something I pulled back, lined the head of my cock against her beautiful opening and penetrated her once more in a single long stroke, my hands on her hips.

"Close your legs," I instructed, savoring the i tightness after Wendy did so. "Fuck, that's intense." Our eyes locked in the mirror as we fucked, long, deep steady strokes, my balls slapping gently against her ass. She looked back at me, the look on her pretty face somehow conveying both need and satisfaction at the same time. Her full, heavy breasts heaved and swayed even through her clothing, and I once again wished I could see them.

The warmth in the salon's air told me that the air conditioning system must've been programmed to shut off right at closing time. That and the workout I was enjoying began to make sweat bead from my forehead, a little bit dripping down my chest. I began to feel the inevitable, indescribably amazing sensations emanate from the tip of my cock and up my length, down to my tightening balls and all the way up to my chest. "Fuck, Wendy, I'm going to come soon."

"Dammit, I'm not there yet. Don't wait for me."

"Finish me with your mouth?" I asked, pulling out and removing the condom, slapping my naked cock against her ass. She looked like she was about to protest, saw the slightly pleading look on my face in the mirror and granted my wish, standing up, turning around and going down to her knees. "Topless," I added, leading her to raise her arms. I pulled her sweater off and placed it on the chair behind me. Her silky black bra was sexier than I expected, as was her next move, which saw her release the snaps over each breast, exposing her nipples and much of her amazing tit flesh without actually removing the bra. My cock involuntarily flexed at the sight of her nursing bra, which resembled an old-fashioned peek-a-boo one that a stripper might've worn in my youth. 

"Into tits, are you?" Wendy commented with a laugh, grasping my cock and taking part of me in her mouth. She didn't attempt to deep throat me, intent on finishing me quickly by tightly grasping me in her hand and only taking the tip of my member inside her mouth, running her tongue stud along my head and underside. In less than a minute a tremendous warmth cascaded throughout my entire body, signaling my imminent climax. As if she could read my mind Wendy took her mouth off of me and pointed my cock at her chest, stroking me as shot after shot of my thick ropy come erupted and landed on her neck and mounds. She shuddered gently on impact, perhaps surprised by the force and viscosity of my release. I looked down, silently impressed at how much I'd come, admiring her full breasts, her dusky, engorged areola and suckable nipples. She took me back into her mouth, briefly swirling around my head to clean my last few droplets of come until I shivered at the intensity, gently pushed her head away.

I stood up, pulled my underwear and jeans back on before picking up the towel from the floor and sitting back down in the chair. Wendy stood before me as I wiped her neck and chest clean, smiling down at me, amused and bemused by my sudden practicality. Once she was cleaned off I reached behind me, lowered the chair back and pulled her, breasts still exposed, down on top of me, wrapped my arms around her. "Thank you," I said, then kissed her once more, slow and deep. "That was one of the hottest fucks of my life. An absolute dream come true."

"You're welcome. That was great. I really missed cock. If Frank doesn't get over his fears in the next few days I'm going to divorce his ass or fuck all of his poker buddies in front of him or something." I was surprised at how hot I found the mental image of Wendy taking on multiple partners; that and the proximity of my groin to her pussy quickly had me getting hard again. Wendy briefly rubbed her body against my erection teasingly, then laughed. "Not again; I think I may actually be slightly sore. Besides, it's going to be hard enough to explain why I'm home so late. I still need to clean up!" At that, she rose, hooked her bra back together and pulled her sweater back on.

"I'll help. What do we need to do?"

"How about you sweep up and mop? Everything's in back. I need to close out the register."

"Oh, right," I said, pulling my wallet out, handing her the three twenty-dollar bills I had inside it.
