 Steve had arrived at their Spanish villa a couple of days before the rest of the family in order to open it up, clean it and get the pool sorted. When he collected them from the airport, he was surprised to see that Josie and the children had their neighbour's eighteen year-old daughter Caroline in tow. With Caroline mooching listlessly round the house before going to university, and driving her mother mad, Josie asked her if she wanted to come with her to Spain - she'd appreciate some company and help with the girls. Steve and Josie had known her since she was a little girl, when they had moved in next door to her parents. She had baby-sat for them and Steve had helped her with her homework, and at sixteen she had had a crush on Steve that was so obvious her mum would tease her into total mortification in front of them; Josie would smile and try and ease her discomfort with hilarious tales of her own infatuation at the same age with the married rector of her local church.

The first few days were spent at the beach and on trips to nearby towns sight-seeing. Steve accompanied them a couple of times, otherwise he worked in his study, tapping away at his PC and reading. They always met up for dinner in the early evening, either at the villa for a home-made salad or at the restaurant in the village. Caroline's tall, slim dark prettiness drew admiring looks from the local young men and Steve teased her gently. She responded in kind, nudging him flamboyantly in full view of the grinning Josie whenever a pretty local girl passed by.

A week into the holiday Caroline slept in; Josie took the children down to the beach, promising to be back mid-afternoon. Steve took a mid-morning coffee on the patio, reading a book. Caroline appeared, bikini-clad as usual.

'Morning, sleepy-head.'

'Hi. I didn't sleep very well last night: too hot.'

'There's coffee in the pot.'

She went in and reappeared a few moments later with a cup. 'Have they gone to the beach?'

'Yes. You're safe: you can have some peace and quiet from the children.'

She smiled. 'I'll sunbathe ... ' she paused and looked at him 'Umm, do you mind if I go topless?'

He looked up and grinned at her 'No, not at all. That's possibly the second most stupid question you could ask me.'

She frowned, 'The second? What's the first?' then blushed as he looked at her, saying nothing, still the grin on his face.

'Sorry, I didn't mean to embarrass you.'

'That's okay.'

'I'm surprised you haven't gone topless before.'

'Too shy.'

'What! Why?'

'My boobs: they're so titchy. I always feel embarrassed; I keep thinking people are looking at me thinking "Look at her titchy boobs!". I know it's silly, but that's why.'

'You're right, it is silly. Anyway, they don't look that titchy.' he grinned, peering comically slack-jawed and boggle-eyed at her chest. 'I'll go in and work, you can have complete privacy.'

'No, it's okay. Just don't laugh. I'll die if you laugh!'

'Don't be silly, I wouldn't do that.' 

She hesitated, looking carefully at him. 'Come here.' he said quietly, putting the book down. She stepped forward to stand between his knees. He took her hands in his 'Caroline, you're absolutely gorgeous. You've nothing to be shy about. Quite the opposite, in fact.' He paused. 'Let me look at you.' 

She reached behind her back, looking down at him as she undid the clasp, then slipped the shoulder straps off to reveal her breasts. He nodded. 'There. As I thought: beautiful.'

Her breasts were small, but well-shaped, with small, coral-pink areolae. She stood motionless, letting him inspect her, a nervous little smile growing into one of confidence under his appreciative gaze. He grew bold 'May I see the rest of you?' Again she hesitated for a moment, then reached her hands into the waistband of her bikini, bending forward slightly as she pushed it down over her hips. It slipped down her legs to the floor and she flipped it away with her foot. He took her hands in his again, holding them apart as he took in the neat triangle of curls, the gap at the top of her slim, athletic thighs, the cleft between her labia.

'Stunning. You really are beautiful naked.' He looked up at her, noted her concentration on his face, her complete submission to his examination. Gently he pulled her hands toward him; she leant forward, her eyes on his, then on his mouth as her face approached his, her lips parted in expectation of the kiss. He kissed her lightly, then again, then more insistently. She responded, taking her hands from his to rest her forearms on his shoulders. As they kissed, now deeply and passionately, his hands found her breasts. She gasped, pulling back slightly from the kiss to look into his eyes. He leant forward to kiss her again as he caressed her nipples, pinching them gently between finger and thumb as they swelled. Pushing her gently back, he leant forward and kissed each in turn, sucking them into his mouth to nibble them lightly, then ran his hands over her breasts before sliding them down her waist and over her hips.

He stood up and pulled her against him; she wrapped her arms around his neck and pressed herself against his body, feeling the hard lump of his erection against her belly. His hands slid down her back, over her buttocks, which he kneaded gently, pressing her hips against his erection. She responded, standing up on tip-toes to press her mons firmly against him and allow his hands to slip under her buttocks. He pushed his right hand between her legs to caress her labia, which parted easily. Gently he probed a fingertip round into the soft moistness of her vulva, then drew his hand round, pushing her hips back so he could reach between them to slide his hand between her legs, cupping her mons and probing again with his finger between her labia. She kissed him passionately, gasping as his fingertip circled around and over her clitoris. He began to push his finger into her vagina, but she shook her head and squeezed her thighs against his hand to stop him, and pulled away from the kiss.

'No. I'm a virgin.'

Looking bemused, he nodded gently. 'Oh. Er ... '

'It's okay; I don't intend to remain one.' and she resumed their passionate kiss. He slid his hands up and down her body, then shuffled her round until she was in front of the chair and pushed her gently down until she was sitting. He knelt down in front of her and pulled her knees apart. 'Sit back.' She leant back, lifting her bottom to the front of the chair as he pulled her hips forward. Her vulva opened pinkly before him. She watched his face intently as he leant forward and ran his tongue lightly from the base of her vulva upwards, flicking it lightly over her clitoris. Her hips jerked back and she let out an involuntary 'Ooh!' then giggled nervously, her hand over her mouth. He smiled up at her 'Nice?'

'Mmm. Bit of a shock though! I've never had anyone do that to me.'

He leant forward again and began to lick her gently; her hands gripped the arms of the chair, then began to relax as she got used to the sensations. He paused, pulling back slightly to look at her now glisteningly wet vulva, her labia puffy and pink, her firm clitoris poking out from its hood, the small, dark entrance of her vagina. 'What are you thinking?' She asked.

'That it's beautiful, that it's absolutely incredible that I'm doing this, that it's even more incredible that you want me to take your virginity, that I want this to be a wonderful experience for you.'

'It is so far. Don't stop.'

He smiled and resumed his ministrations. Her breathing grew heavier, he quickened the tempo and pressure of his licking, sucked her clitoris between his teeth. Her thighs pressed together against his head and he felt her body stiffening, her back arching as she came, holding her breath then gasping out as her orgasm swept through her, her fingers clamped around the arms of the chair. As the full force of her orgasm subsided, he slowed down, stopping as her body relaxed.

'Good?'

'Fantastic!' she gasped, still not in control of her breathing, her face and chest flushed scarlet. He stood up and pulled her up to him, and kissed her, holding her limp, yielding body tightly as he rubbed his mouth and chin over her lips, wiping her own musky fluid over her tongue. Stooping, he slipped an arm behind her knees and picked her up, then carried her indoors to her room. Lying her on the double bed, he slipped off his shorts and climbed onto the bed beside her and began caressing her body as they kissed. He took her hand and guided it to his penis. She grasped it gently, then pushed him onto his back so she could get up onto her knees and examine what she was doing. She caressed it as if it was a butterfly, looking quickly at him to seek approval. He showed her how hard to grip and how to pull down, drawing his foreskin back and forward over his glans. Her concentration was intense.

'Kiss it; take it in your mouth.'

She leant forward, apprehensively kissing the glans, then, with increasing confidence she slipped her lips over it and drew him into her mouth. He groaned with pleasure, encouraging her with soft instructions on how to run her tongue around it, how to draw her lips up and down over the glans, then plunge her mouth down as far as she could, how to grip firmly and work her hand up and down the shaft at the same time. After a few minutes she paused, smiling apologetically at him 'It makes my jaw ache!'

'It was wonderful. Come here.'

He pulled her down on top of him for more kissing. Her legs splayed wide outside his, he pulled her gently up his body until his penis was free, pressing against her slippery vulva. 'Push down gently, you're in control.'

She pushed against him, supporting herself on her hands, her face set with concentration, looking into his eyes. He slid his hands along the sides of her body, caressing her breasts and taking her face between his hands as she pushed firmly down. The resistance was momentary, accompanied by a quick gasp of pain from her. She stopped still, waiting to get used to the feeling. 'Slide gently backwards and forwards, a little at a time, get yourself wet inside.' She nodded and did so, pushing down a little more each time until he was fully inside her. He pulled her down against him and they resumed their kissing, both lying perfectly still. After a few moments, she began to rock her hips backward and forward against him, drawing herself off him and then pushing back down. 

He rolled her over, still inside her and began to fuck her, gently at first, revelling in the tight, smooth wetness. 'Dear God but you feel incredible! I won't be able to last long, the sensation's just too intense!' She smiled up at him, lying completely still, watching his face intensely as it contorted with the intensity of his orgasm, feeling the powerful strokes of his penis sliding in and out of her, the warmth of his fluid as it squirted deep inside her. He groaned with pleasure, smiling warmly down at her. 'Wow! That felt great!' Then lowered himself down on top of her. She wrapped her arms round his neck and they kissed. She felt his penis slipping out of her. He moved off her, pulling her with him.

'Well, I've done it. I wanted it to be you. I know you're married, but I just couldn't let it be anyone else.'

'Was it okay?'

'Wonderful, even better than I expected. You were so gentle. I knew you'd do it well!'

'It gets better. After a few times there won't be any pain, and you can relax completely, concentrate on the sensations inside. And I'll be able to last longer! The excitement and feeling is so intense for a man with a new lover, and a young woman is so tight. It's the most incredible sensation inside you.'

'I've got to go to the loo!' she leapt up and scampered to the bathroom, cupping her hand between her legs to stop his fluid seeping out of her. She came back a couple of minutes later and threw herself onto him. They laughed and wrestled, then began to make love again. He turned her over on her belly and entered her from behind, kneeling between her legs to watch his penis enter her. She groaned as he slid it firmly and smoothly inside her, then drew it all the way out to the tip, pushing just the glans quickly backward and forward inside her. Her hips began to work backwards and forwards, pushing up against him as he entered, drawing off him as he withdrew. He watched the thick shaft of his penis tightly enclosed by the entrance of her vagina, marvelled at the delicious, smooth friction inside her against his glans. 

'Masturbate as I make love with you.'

Her hand slid underneath her and she raised her hips off the bed. He felt her fingertips flicking against his scrotum as he pushed deep into her, holding her hips with his hands. He increased the rate and force of his strokes. 'Tell me when you get close.' Minutes later they orgasmed together in a frenzy of gasping and groaning, their bodies tense in the rictus of their orgasm. He collapsed onto her, both panting heavily. He rolled off onto his back, and she crawled over to lie slumped across him.

'Oh, God, Steve, that was wonderful. Sex is great.' She closed her eyes and started to doze.

'Don't go to sleep, Josie and the girls will be home soon. We've got to clean up.'

She started 'Oh help! Do you think she'll find out? God, I feel so guilty now!'

'Shh. Don't panic. Just try and relax. Try and behave towards me exactly as you have been. Don't stare at me, or avoid me, be careful how you touch me. And if she does get suspicious, don't lie, tell her the truth.'

'What?!' He had put his shorts back on and they were walking back outside, Caroline still naked. She put her bikini back on and knelt on a lounger beside the pool. He sat on it beside her, pulled her against him.

'Yes. If she does ask, tell her we made love. Don't worry, you'll know how to handle the situation if it happens.'

'Will you tell her?'

'Only if she asks. We'll probably give ourselves away, we're too excited with each other. But in the meantime, be discrete. I have to make love with you again; do you want to?'

'Yes, of course I do. That was wonderful. What about Josie?'

'Do you mind me making love with her?'

'No, of course not, but won't you get worn out!'

He laughed 'I'll try not to. Josie and I don't make love very often these days: since the children her libido seems to have waned. It's been a bit of a problem between us at times.'

'Oh.' They began kissing again, then he gently pushed her away with a chuckle 'Stop, or you know what'll happen.' she grinned, and mischievously caressed his already rising penis through his shorts.

'Stop it! Wicked woman!' and he picked her up and threw her, screaming, into the pool.

She climbed out as he sat back down in his chair, grinning at her. Shaking off the water, she walked over and lay down on the lounger beside him. He looked down at her. 'I've had a thought; have you ever made love with a woman?'

'No. Well, not exactly. Why?'

'What do you mean "Not exactly"?' he asked, intrigued.

'Well, I went to an all-girls school. My best friend and I ... it's embarrassing.' she blushed and faltered.

'No, don't be silly. Tell me, I'd love to know.'

'Well, I've always been embarrassed about the size of my boobs. Sophie has lovely boobs, really beautiful. She's very proud of them, but she was really sympathetic to me. I suppose I had a crush on her. I'd lie in bed at night, touching my boobs and dreaming of Sophie's. I so wanted to touch them, to feel what they felt like in my hand. Then, last week, on the last night of term, we played squash in the evening at school. We were the only ones there. We had a good game - I always just beat her - and then went for a shower. It was hot and I felt incredibly invigorated. When we were in the shower, Sophie asked me to do her back. I started to soap her back, she had her hands up behind her head, holding her hair up off her shoulders. It just happened. I slid my hands round and started to soap her breasts. God they felt wonderful! Everything I ever dreamt they would feel like and better! So firm and soft and round and full. I couldn't stop, I was in a daze. She didn't say a word, didn't flinch, just stood absolutely still, looking down at my hands caressing her boobs. Then she said 'That feels nice, Carrie. Don't stop.' Her voice was tense, husky. God, I felt so turned on!'

'She turned round, and I just carried on soaping them, pinching her nipples. We were looking at each other, not knowing what to do next. Then we heard the janitor rattling his mop and bucket down the corridor. We just snapped out of it, got dried and dressed and walked home. On the way, Sophie told me I had to stay at her place that night. I just agreed; I had to. We got in and I phoned home to tell them where I was. We had coffee with Sophie's parents, watched telly, then went to bed. The spare room was next to Sophie's. It was hot, I went to bed naked. I just lay awake, waiting for her. I knew she'd come. About an hour later - God it was agony waiting - when it was all quiet, the door opened and she slipped in. I turned the lamp on, she was wearing a t-shirt and knickers. She took them off and got into bed with me. We were all over each other, caressing and kissing each other. It was incredible, just touching her body, kissing her, kissing her breasts, having her do it to me. We didn't touch each other down there - we just started masturbating, holding each other close, watching each other do it. We woke up in the morning, cuddled up together. Sophie's mum was sitting on the bed beside us, two cups of coffee on the table. Oh, God, did we feel embarrassed! But she was wonderful, she just smiled at us and said 'Sophie, your father went out early to play golf, he'll be back by 10.30. I'll shout when he drives up. Now, you two enjoy yourselves.' and got up and went out. We just lay there, dumbstruck. Then we kissed and cuddled and masturbated again!'

Steve had listened, entranced and excited. 'How lovely. Did you do it again?'

'No, but I want to. Josie called round and invited me here. I was feeling confused, thought I'd better have a break to think about what happened. Sophie felt the same, told me to come. Anyway, why did you ask me that?'

'Because I thought of a way of making this situation less conflictive ... '

Caroline looked at him 'You mean ... me make love with Josie ...'

'Yes.'

She lay silent for a moment, thinking 'But what about Josie?'

'You'd have to do everything. If the circumstances were right, I'm fairly sure she would respond. She enjoys it when I fantasise such a scene when we make love.'

'Has she ever made love with another woman?'

'No, not as far as I'm aware. Do you find her attractive?'

'Yes, she's a very attractive woman, it's just that ... I don't know ... if Josie doesn't want to ...'

'Then she'll tell you. She's very understanding. She won't throw a screaming wobbly, she'll be very kind and say no. However, if you are delicate, and the situation is right, I'm sure she won't.'

'Is she going to find out about you and me before this?'

'I don't think it matters.'

'How are we going to get the right situation?'

'I'll take the kids out, leave you together.'

At that, they heard the car draw up at the front of the house. Moments later, the girls rushed through and gabbled out their morning's events. Josie came out a couple of minutes later, smiling. 'Ah, you made it then.'

'Yes, I didn't sleep very well last night. I woke up at about 10.30!'

'Did you have lunch?'

Steve stood up 'No, we decided to wait for you. Do you want a drink?'

Steve and Josie went into the kitchen to make lunch and drinks. Caroline stayed with the children, swimming in the pool.

'Have a good time at the beach?'

'Yes, the children love it. How about you?'
