 With my irregular work schedule as a realtor, I tend to walk the dogs a lot during the day. Especially during the warm months, when the sun is shining and the birds are singing and the two goofy mutts lunge at every squirrel they see in the tree-heavy neighborhood my wife and I live in. I'm also motivated by the fact that Kay, the most attractive postal employee I've ever seen, walks the route a few blocks south of the one that my wife and I live on.

When someone is described as an "attractive postal employee," the bar is seemingly set pretty low. And that was how I felt when I first saw Kay one late summer day and witnessed how other men reacted to her. She has long, beautiful blonde hair that seemed like her best asset. Beyond that, her features seemed rather plain, and the first few times we greeted each other she struck me as a former surfer type with a mile-long hippy streak. Because the dogs are so jumpy and prone to barking at people, we only talked briefly the first few times we met.

But over the course of these brief talks I found myself becoming intrigued by and attracted to her. It started with her dazzling smile, which struck me like a warm ray of sunshine every time we met. She had multiple piercings in each ear as well. Her facial features gradually grew on me, from her pale blue eyes to her chipmunk-like cheeks to the tiny freckle beneath her left eye. She was definitely on the thin side, but so too was Erika, the first woman I'd strayed outside of my marriage with, the woman who'd opened me up to the possibilities beyond dull monogamy. Kay was quickly becoming very desirable to me.

I soon found myself finding excuses to bump into her, taking mental notes on when she was typically on a certain street and managing to walk there with or without a dog or two. Our little talks grew deeper, more interesting. We had similar blue-collar backgrounds, both enjoyed reading, both loved dogs, both enjoyed good beer. She came back from a vacation out west and gave me some publications she'd found that were related to one of my hobbies, a gesture that touched me deeply. 

Winter came to the Chicago area and I saw less of her -- the dogs didn't want to be out there in the freezing weather, and I didn't necessarily either. But I still managed to get out on a walk at least one a week to talk to her. As I remarked to her, we'd become friends five minutes at a time - a line she'd used in return several times when it seemed like we might only be able to talk for a single minute. I managed to keep her around longer than 60 seconds on those occasions, laughing as we parted that our five-minute rule was upheld.

Over time I noticed a change in her body language toward me. We didn't touch -- doing so might be a violation of her government employee rulebook for all I know! -- but she became more coquettish, flirtatious, in the way she stood around me. She would draw closer to me, near enough for me to see her gray roots when she was between colorings. She would do things like hold on to the frame of her truck by one arm like a teenage girl on a swing set, balance on the curb like the gymnast she acknowledged she had once been. And the smiles, and laughs...there were so many of each. Our partings always left me slightly sad, though also happy to have found a kindred soul.

I tried to learn more about her online, without success. She'd mentioned the suburb where she lived and where she had grown up, but those two values plus her first name didn't add up to anything on Facebook. She'd mentioned an ethnic organization she was active with, but online searches there also proved to be dead ends. I left it at that; to me she was simply Kay the highly intriguing pretty smart funny blonde lady.

Over the time that I'd come to know Kay I'd been with Erika for an afternoon and my neighbor Sue on several occasions. I'd learned to compartmentalize, especially because what I'd had with both of them was almost purely sexual. Kay, though...it just felt like there was the possibility of something more, even though I wasn't sure either of us wanted more. She knew I was married, had met my wife several times on our walks. I felt bound to my wife, wasn't looking to get divorced. Kay was single, though I suspected a divorce or two was in her past. She talked at length about how much she loved her solitary time on weekends, how she was friendly with everyone during her working hours but generally preferred to be alone the rest of the time. 

Finally, one warm Tuesday afternoon in May, I asked Kay if she would be interested in coming to dinner at my place some time later that week, to keep me company while my wife was working out of town. She seemed slightly surprised, but didn't reject the idea. I told her that any day would work with a bit of advance notice. I gave her my business card so she would have my address and phone number, and we agreed on Thursday evening around 6 pm.

I was busy showing houses and working on a closing the next two days, so I didn't get to see Kay before the evening of our "date," though she texted me a few times to confirm that we were on. I finished my business a little after 3 on Thursday afternoon, just in time to get home and get the Weber kettle going with some whole baking potatoes offset from the coals. I kept it simple, just the spuds plus a few nicely crusted fillets and some asparagus. I straightened up a bit (but not enough to make the wife suspicious when she arrived home), put some beers from my beer fridge into a cooler with some ice and put the dogs out in their little run out in the yard.

Kay looked great when she showed up at my front door in a yellow sun dress and flat gold sandals. Bereft of her unflattering blueish-gray postal uniform I found that her figure was curvier than I'd imagined, from her cupcake-sized breasts down to her narrow waist, nicely rounded hips, slim, toned legs and dainty pink-painted toes. I licked my lips involuntarily at the sight of her.

"Don't you clean up nice," I said to her.

"Well thank you," she replied, flashing that dazzling smile that I just couldn't get enough of. "Offer a hardworking girl a drink?"

"Of course. Cocktail or beer?"

"I'll trust you to pick out a good beer for me," she said. "Nice place," she remarked as we worked our way through the living room, dining room and kitchen on our way to the sliding glass doors that opened onto the back deck. She walked over to the table and sat down. I grabbed a pair of grapefruit pale ales from the cooler, popped the bottles open and joined her at the table. 

"Cheers!" Kay said, clanking her bottle against mine before taking a generous swig of beer. "This is delicious. Perfect at the end of a long, hot day."

"Glad you like," I replied before we fell into a momentary silence. Kay's pale blue eyes darted about the yard, taking in the high red wooden fence and the many brewery signs I'd hung on it over the years, the steady plume of bluish-white smoke rising from the grill, the small garden out back and her nemeses, our two dogs, barking and spazzing about in their dog run.

"This is kind of how I pictured your yard," she said. "It seems very you."

"Thanks," I replied, clanking my bottle against hers. We looked at each other, smiling shyly, wondering. 

"This is interesting," Kay finally said. "I've had other people in the neighborhood ask me over or out but I've never accepted before except for a coffee or quick lunch at some of the old biddies' places."

"So how did you decide to accept my invitation?"

"I don't know. I guess because you seem safe." She paused. "Harmless? Sweet. Definitely sweet. Gentle. Nice. Genuinely interested in who I am. That means something. Most people, and especially most men, aren't."

Her words warmed my heart. And...gently stirred me a bit down below as well. "That's really nice of you to say. I consider you a friend, even if we've just gotten to know each other five minutes at a time. The days that I see you in the neighborhood always seem brighter than the rest," I replied. "So as you can imagine, my Sundays really suck."

She laughed before her tanned skin turned to a reddish blush, a first. "Awwww. To friends," she said, raising her bottle once more.

"And steaks," I replied, our bottles meeting once more. My groin stirred further as she placed the bottle between her lips, tilted her head back, drained the last remaining ounce or so of beer into her mouth. "So, how do you take your meat?"

Her eyes briefly popped wide open and she coughed a bit of beer up in surprise at my turn of phrase. A moment later, she recovered. "My steak? Medium rare."

"Perfect, that's how I like it too," I replied, rising carefully from the table to retrieve the steaks from inside, hoping my arousal wouldn't be noticeable in my baggy shorts. "Be right back. Grab us another round of beers?"

I grabbed the steaks and some asparagus, took them out to the grill and removed the lid, unearthing a cloud of potato-scented smoke. "That smells great; most people I know cook with gas. I appreciate you taking the time to grill the old-fashioned way," Kay commented as I carefully arranged the steaks and stalks on the grill, setting both to roast on indirect heat. I set the timer on my phone for seven minutes and returned to my seat, picked up the fresh beer Kay had set on the table for me, noticed that she'd already downed nearly half of her bottle.

"Just a few minutes 'til we eat," I said. 

Kay smiled at me, then slipped her sandals off.

"My feet get so tired walking my route every day," she said, swinging them up onto my thighs. "Do me a favor?" she asked with a smile.

I couldn't say no to this beautiful woman and her pretty painted toes, so I dutifully began massaging her right foot with both hands. Over the next minute or so I watched her reactions as I tried different touches in different areas around her toes and the top and bottom of her foot and then her heels, learning without words what she did and did not find pleasurable. I switched to her other foot, better versed in what she liked, basking in her smile as she leaned back and closed her eyes, giving in to my ministrations. I began to grow hard once more during this bit of intimacy. I willed my fingers and palms not to tire as I massaged her, reveling in the small sounds of pleasure she emitted as I gave her relief, the ways in which her eyes, cheeks and mouth moved.

All too soon my phone started beeping, and I tried to move her feet off of me so I could tend to the grill. "No, don't stop," Kay said, a mild pleading in her voice. 

"What about dinner..." I began to ask.

In reply, Kay slid down a few inches in her seat, her foot coming to rest on my erection through my shorts. "There's something else I think I want more," she replied, her small foot running along my length, the ball of her foot resting on my own balls while she gently rubbed against me. "And I think it might be interested in me, too." With that she sat up, then stood just enough to climb atop my chair, her arms holding her up on my armrests as her pretty face leaned in toward mine. Our mouths met, lips parted, tongues danced as I wrapped my arms around her and pulled her on top of me, the spring lever in my chair creaking as we leaned back.

Kay's kissing technique was amazing and arousing. She tasted of the obvious hops and grapefruit from the beer as well as bubblegum and honey and strawberries and all kinds of sweetness. 

Kay writhed in obvious pleasure as I ran my fingers along her back, confirming she was braless. I slid my body a few inches lower, reveling in the feel of her against my erection, running my hands down to her ass. I cupped her derriere, slowly stroking my clothed cock against her, pulled her dress up enough to make the happy discovery that she was completely bereft of undergarments. I kissed down her neck, up to her ear, down to her chest, taking in the view of her perky breasts as they dangled before me, extending my tongue to lick at the top of them. She slid one strap down, then the other, her dress sliding down and giving me full access to her delectable buds as we ground together, the entirety of her one-piece garment bunching up around her narrow waist.

"Is this for me?" she asked teasingly as she took hold of my length through my shorts, her hand sliding from the tip down to the root, her fingers gently fondling my balls.

"If you want it," I whispered in reply.

"I've wanted it for months," she replied, standing up. "Please give it to me," she said, pulling at my cock as if to lift me up by it. "Inside," she instructed, letting me go as I rose from my chair. I laughed as her unsupported dress fell to the wooden deck as she led the way into the house, admiring her well-toned rear. I stopped to pick it up before following her inside.

The way Kay positioned herself flat on her back with her legs spread on the chaise of the sectional sofa made her desire clear. I stood at the foot of the chaise, placed my hands on her calves and pulled her forward so that her beautiful, open, inviting womanhood was positioned just at the edge. I dropped my shorts and boxers, bent my knees, ran my cock head along her trimmed slit, pleased to discover just how wet she was. Our eyes locked as I bent my knees and applied gentle pressure against her vulva; she smiled and nodded her head as I slowly parted her nether lips with the soft head of my cock, relishing in the slow, steady progress I made until my hard length filled her entirely. She lifted her legs toward me, and I placed her feet upon my shoulders, wrapped my arms around her open thighs.

I closed my eyes and held myself inside her warm, wonderful wetness for a long moment, then began to withdraw. I felt her thrust her hips upward as I pistoned down into her, amazed by the perfect combination of friction and lubrication as the two of us became one. I didn't know if I'd been granted access into her most private space or if she was enveloping me; I knew only that I was feeling an all-encompassing ecstasy I hadn't felt in many long years.

I opened my eyes, saw hers were closed. She was alternately smiling and biting her lower lip as we fucked, as we made love, as we fulfilled one another's desires. The things that smile did to me...

All too soon I felt my balls begin to tighten. Far too soon. I stopped, held myself still. Kay's beautiful blue eyes opened in response. I shimmied out from beneath her raised legs, caught them, lowered them to the chaise while remaining inside her. I wrapped my arms around her, picking her light form up, bringing our mouths together as I sat down without breaking off our coupling, holding myself still within her.

"You feel so fucking amazing, Kay," I finally whispered after breaking off our kiss, which felt like it went on for minutes. "I don't want this to end."

"I don't either," she replied. "But I don't believe in that Tantric bullshit, either. I need to come." At that she began rocking in my lap. I began to meet her thrust for thrust, entranced by her heaving breasts as they jiggled every time I bottomed out inside her. My hands left her back, grasping onto one of her arms and then the other, leaning her back, her long, beautiful blonde locks cascading down toward the floor.

"Fuck me fuck me don't stop, Steve," Kay muttered repeatedly as we approached our climaxes. "Yes!" she shouted unexpectedly, her whole body shuddering as her pussy spasmed around my cock, milking my ejaculate from me. I pulled out, rubbed the underside of my shaft along her labia as my balls began to empty, my hot come shooting up along her flat stomach, my first two shots hitting beneath her breasts, my next four exiting with diminished force until I dribbled my final few drops into the short, golden hairs above her pussy.

I lay back, spent, pulling Kay tightly onto me, her breasts crushed against my chest as I hugged her, some of my come dribbling off of her and onto my chest. She looked down at me with wonder, that perfect smile there as always, enveloping me in her warmth. 

"Thank you," I finally muttered. "Thank you thank you thank you..."

"For what?" she asked, raising a finger to my chest, trailing it through a patch of my semen, bringing it to her mouth, licking it off with her pretty pink tongue, making a loud, cartoonish swallowing sound that made me chuckle softly. "I should be thanking you!" She leaned in, kissed me as I fondled her wonderful little breasts, regretting that I hadn't paid more attention to them in the preceding 15 minutes. 

"I like you a lot, Steve," she told me, breaking off our kiss. "You're different than the other men I've known. They would all be repulsed by the thought of kissing me right after I tasted their come!"

"I never understand double standards like that. I mean, most women are willing to suck dick even after intercourse, right?" I reached between her legs, used two fingers to scoop up some of her residual wetness, brought my hand between our mouths and nodded before licking my fingers. Kay extended her own tongue without a moment's hesitation, clearly familiar with her own taste, unafraid to enjoy her own honeyed sweetness.

"That tastes so good. I'm really hungry," Kay commented.

"I'm pretty sure the food on the grill is burnt to a crisp by now. Should I order a pizza?" I asked as I reached down to the floor for my shorts and my phone, standing before Kay.

"That would be great," she replied. "With anything but olives or anchovies."

"Perfect. I don't like them either." I started keying the name of my favorite thin-crust pizza place into my phone. "Whatever shall we do while waiting for it to be delivered?" I asked as I brought the device up to my ear. 

In response Kay wordlessly cupped my balls in her left hand while stroking my spent cock with her right. I stammered my way through my order, feeling myself growing hard before I even completed the process, and hung up just as the overwhelmingly powerful feeling of her mouth on my sensitive cock head caused me to drop my phone onto the rug...