 So there Lynn and I were, enjoying a few tropical drinks on a nice warm late spring evening. Lynn's husband was at home with their kid, my wife was out of town, and it was just me, my beautiful younger friend of four years and my two silly dogs out on my back patio.

As often happened when Lynn and I enjoyed one of our monthly hangouts there was a lot of talk about sex and a fair bit of flirtation early on that evening. Over the years we'd talked through one another's sexual histories, our favorite acts and positions, how it sucked to be married to someone with a lesser sex drive, our open-mindedness around the idea of extramarital activities, how we'd be all over each other except for our fear that it might ruin our friendship... 

We sat at the outdoor table, Lynn to my left, my swivel chair turned toward her. As the rum began to warm us we got into our usual "I think we're alone now" routine. We'd both removed our sandals and played bits of footsie, took each other by the hand during lingering moments of laughter, looked deeply into one another's eyes, gently poked and prodded one another, touched one another's knees here and there.

My two little dogs pretty much live to lick anything and everything, and they were more than happy to have two people in shorts to go to town on. They kept alternating between Lynn and me, and I finally let out an innocuous "Ooooh, as they go back and forth between us it's almost like we're kissing."

In response, Lynn leaned toward me with pursed lips. Without hesitation I closed the short distance between us, placed my right hand on the back of her neck and joined my mouth to hers, caressing the back of her head as our lips met. A brief moment of sweet, soft chasteness quickly gave way to open-mouthed delight, our tongues spiraling around one another's hungrily. As we pulled away I opened my eyes, delighted by the beauty of her own wide-open greenish eyes. 

"You called my bluff," she said with a dazzling smile on her narrow, foxlike face.

"I've only wanted to do that since the very first time I met you," I replied. 

"I'm glad you finally did."

"I am too."

"I love you," Lynn then said. This wasn't the first time; we'd said this to one another often in times both serious and lighthearted over the years. But where these three simple words had previously felt innocent, supportive, appreciative and platonic, this felt different. Deeper. Lusty.

"I love you," I replied, with a firm emphasis on the *you,* searching Lynn's eyes for answers to questions I didn't know I had. I knew I appreciated her beauty, from her long, sandy-colored hair to those green eyes and pretty face, her generous smiles, her longish neck, her full bust, her narrow waist, her very womanly hips and long legs. She was beautiful in my eyes, but more importantly she was witty - her capacity for joy and the ready chemistry we shared from the first time we met truly dazzled me. We sat, shyly smiling, sipping our sweet drinks, holding hands until our glasses were drained.

"Another round?"

"Sure," Lynn replied. "You know, your daiquiris are great, but I could really go for a piña colada if you have the ingredients."

"You know I do," I said, rising up, my erection evident as I stood. Lynn gave a grin when she saw how it stood proudly through my khaki shorts, reached for me as I faced her. 

"Very nice," she purred, touching me, increasing the strength of my hard-on. Thoughts of the many times she'd talked about her oral prowess ran through my mind as she gently cupped my head with her fingers; it had been several weeks since anyone else had touched me there and her ministrations felt amazing. I leaned back, lost in her cock caressing, savoring the moment. "But I need another drink," she finally laughed.

"Fffffffine," I replied, sticking my tongue out. She handed me her tiki glass, then slapped my ass as I turned and walked the several steps to the sliding door into the house, my two dogs on my heels. I rummaged through the pantry, found a can of coconut cream, popped it open, poured it into the blender with some ice, frozen pineapple, juice and dark rum, and blended everything together through a series of pulses and the whip cycle. I poured the frothy mixture into our tikis and ventured back outside, leaving the dogs inside the house.

"Sweet fresh drink for my sweet," I said cheerily as I arrived at the table and placed our glasses on the table and sat down. I watched enraptured as Lynn slid her thumb and forefinger down the straw and slid her lips over it, reversing the downward momentum of my erection. "How is it?"

"Delicious," she replied, smacking her lips.

"I bet you taste even better," I offered, crudely upping the ante.

"You know it," she came back coyly, proudly. 

"I'd love to find out for myself."

"Maybe someday."

"Not someday," I replied, running my hand up her right thigh and under her shorts, advancing until two fingers reached her center, confident with the knowledge that Lynn was a self-described submissive and that we had turned a new corner in our openness. "Today. Now." 

"Where?" she whispered, squirming a bit as my fingers continued to advance, feeling her wiry hairs through the moist cotton that guarded the object of my desire.

"On the couch," I said, gesturing to the wicker furniture surrounding the fire pit. Lynn picked up her glass, drained it, stood and walked the few steps over there and sat down. I followed, knelt before her, reached for her waistband. She elevated slightly so I could pull her shorts and underwear down.

"Beautiful," I said, parting Lynn's legs to take in the sight of her womanhood. Her downy hair was trimmed neatly, inner and outer lips visible through her lightly colored patch, dampness evident near the follicles bordering her labia. "Just like the rest of you."

I kissed up Lynn's left thigh, beginning at the knee, licking a path until I reached her pussy. I centered my mouth directly over her opening, ran my tongue up and down from the bottom of her slit up to her clit and back down again. "Yep," I muttered. "Sweet and creamy like a tropical drink."

"Oh, Steve," Lynn said, her hands going to her full breasts, touching herself over her tee shirt, her nipples standing out proudly through her shirt and bra. I wrapped my arms around the small of her back while concentrating on her sweet essence, my mouth and nose savoring lovely Lynn's flavor and scent. I alternated long, languid licks with short, swift stabs of my tongue, trying to read her reactions to find out what she enjoyed most without becoming overly repetitious. 

I was lost in her tangy sweetness, the feel of her short hairs against my beard, practically fucking her with my face while she muttered and moaned for several minutes. I nuzzled her, took her lips between mine, rubbed my nose, cheeks and chin against her, coated my face in her womanly essence, tried to reach her G-spot with my curled tongue as her breathing quickened.

"Close, I'm getting close, don't stop Steve," Lynn instructed. "So good, keep going, keep going." Her words pulled me out of my daydream state and I opened my eyes, looked up. I saw her wide eyes dart over to the table, where her phone had beeped several times. We locked gazes briefly before her hands went to the back of my head, pushing me down while she ran her fingers through my short hair. 

I swirled my tongue around her clitoris several times, then took it between my lips while tonguing along its fully exposed length. "Steve, yes, Steve, oh fuck yes," she exclaimed as she shuddered, her thighs rocking around my head as I smiled. I looked up, saw her eyes closed as she sat back, a sly grin on her face as she came down from her climax.

Our peace was interrupted by her ringing phone. "Shit, that's Dan calling." I stood up, grabbed Lynn's phone and handed it to her. "Hey honey," she answered, a little breathlessly. "No, I was just playing with the dogs. She is? Crap. Well, let me finish this drink and then I'll head home to help put her to bed. I won't be long."

Lynn put the phone down. "Sorry, Julia is being a pain in the ass and Dan needs help getting her to sleep. I have to leave soon." She stood up and reached for her shorts and underwear. "That was some top-notch oral, by the way. You have a talented tongue. I wish I had time to return the favor."

I got behind her as she bent over to retrieve her clothing, put my hands on her hips and pulled her toward me, rubbed my erect cock against her naked ass through my shorts. She ground herself against me in response, and I hastily popped the button on my shorts and dropped them and my boxers to the patio. 

I briefly rubbed my unencumbered cock around her backside, leaving a slick trail of pre-come that had built up in my shaft and on my tip while I was going down on her. I finally slid my length along her wet groove once, then plunged into her in a single long slow stroke as she gasped. "Is this real?" she muttered as I began to slowly slide out and then quickly thrust back in, our flesh slapping together as she reached her arms out to the tabletop to support herself.

I couldn't believe that after four years of yearning I was finally joined together with Lynn. And it felt amazing. Her Kegel exercises clearly paid dividends; she was comfortably tight around my shaft and her natural wetness made this dream come true feel far better than the many times that I'd fantasized about her. I was completely lost inside her, intoxicated by everything about this woman.

"You feel so fucking good, Lynn," I muttered as she looked over her shoulder at me. I reached beneath her and touched her clit as I continued to pump away. A moment later her pussy spasmed around me - she wasn't kidding when she told me that she could come from just a minute or two of penetration! The expression on her beautiful face was both wanton and angelic as she came. I slowed my motion throughout the 20 seconds or so of her climax, her clenching muscles like fireworks around my length, her utterances music to my ears. 

Lynn then began to move back against me, reminding me that our time was short. We quickly found a hard, fast rhythm that felt amazing, my balls slapping against her ass as we frantically fucked. "Come on, Steve, fill me with your come I want your come so bad," she practically chanted through her moans and sighs.

"Fuck, Lynn, I'm so close so close so close," I said through clenched teeth as I felt my balls begin to tighten. She intuitively reached a hand over to my scrotum, rubbed my sack as sweat dripped off of my forehead. "I love you!" I exclaimed as I felt my orgasm surge through my whole body, my semen erupting forth while I continued to pump, filling her with my seed as she smiled back at me. Once spent, I briefly collapsed on top of her, hugging her around the waist from behind while kissing the back of her neck before she shimmied free.

"I'd love to kiss and cuddle with you and do that whole pillow talk thing but I've really got to get home," Lynn said as I nodded sadly. We stood hugging one another pantless for a brief moment before we retrieved and put our clothes back on. We embraced once more, kissed deeply. "I really do taste good, don't I?" she remarked as we broke apart. I nodded, with a smile this time.

"Talk to you soon?" I asked as she began to walk out to her car.

"Of course," lovely Lynn replied over her shoulder. "And hopefully more than talk again soon."

I smiled again, wistfully. For as much as I enjoyed the view of her perfectly curved backside as she walked out to her car, I very much hated to see her go.