 "You like what you see there?" I asked my neighbor Sue after once again catching her wandering eyes looking up the leg of my shorts to check out my unencumbered cock and balls as she held the painter's ladder below me. I certainly had no complaint about the view of her cleavage that I was getting from my elevated vantage point, and her erect nipples looked enticing as they poked through her bra and lime-green halter top.

She blushed and scowled slightly, then walked away from where we were working on the side of her house, opened the gate to her backyard and disappeared from view. I heard the distinct snicking sound of her back screen door swinging open and closed, then a metallic crash as it fitted itself back into the door jamb. 

Well, that didn't go over very well, I thought as I stood up there with two fistfuls of rotting leaves and stinky crud from her gutters.

Sue was an...interesting woman. Single and decidedly conservative, she took obvious pride in her toned body without flaunting it too much. I guessed she was in her mid-40s, right around my own age. She had shoulder-length auburn hair, a rather plain, roundish bespectacled face that looked much better with makeup than without, a generous bust (36D?), a toned midsection and a nicely rounded but firm-looking ass that my degenerate next-door neighbor and I often joked about fucking.

I'd been helping Sue with some household chores for a few days while my real estate business was slow and she was off from her university teaching job. Things had gotten a little bit flirty between us over this time, both while we were working and over a few beers out on her patio afterwards. I was often distracted by the way her halter top and gym shorts showcased her body, and had made several comments about how it was hard to believe she was single with those kinds of assets. Just before I'd left her house late yesterday afternoon she'd demurely replied that all the good ones seemed to be gay or taken. I'd given her a goodbye hug that went on a moment too long before walking the half-block home with my cock at half-mast, surprising my wife of 10 years by initiating some midweek sex. (And being surprised in turn by her receptiveness to my request.)

I sighed, dropped the leaves and climbed down from the ladder, unsure of what to do. We still had a number of household projects lined up over the next few days, and I hated to leave Sue in a lurch. On the other hand, I'd apparently gone past just bending the rules and broken things with her. Or maybe I'd already done that when I'd decided to go commando on this warm day when I knew I'd be up on a ladder and she would be standing below. 

After a long minute I decided to check up on Sue and dropped my work gloves and walked around to the back entrance, knocking on the screen door. Sue came to the door, sniffling slightly, a bit of mistiness visible behind the lenses of her glasses.

"I'm sorry; that was totally uncalled for," I told her. "I shouldn't have said what I said." 

"It's okay. I shouldn't have looked," she replied.

"I shouldn't have given you so much to look at," I said, eliciting a coquettish giggle from her. "I mean...I'm not saying I'm all that big or anything, but I should've worn underwear."

She smiled, shyly. "It looked big enough to me," she commented, a blush coming to her pale cheeks. "Not that I'm an expert or anything."

I saw a flush coming to her chest as well and decided to press my luck. "Can I come in?"

"Sure," she replied, her hand going to the doorknob and giving it a twist, pushing it open and stepping aside.

I walked in, stood close to her, the top of her head just inches from my chin. I took her hands in mine, her gray eyes coming up to meet my hazel ones as I looked down at her. "So, you've seen mine," I said softly. "It's only fair for me to see yours, no?" I let go of her hands, placed them at the waist of her halter, tugged it up an inch or so, looking for a signal as to whether I should proceed. Her face was a blank; she trembled slightly. "Is this okay?" She nodded her ascent. "Are you sure?"

"I'm sure," Sue whispered, raising her arms. I pulled her top over her head, revealing a slightly undersized lacey cream-colored bra, her breasts spilling out of and over the cups. I dropped the halter top to the floor and moved toward her. She stepped back, several times, until she was backed up against the countertop. Our mouths met as I ran my hands along her sides, tongues entwined for a few arousing seconds. I then broke off our kiss, licking and nibbling my way down her chin, her long neck, her throat, her sternum, and finally down to the tops of her breasts, those wonderful hills that I'd admired every time she'd walked past my house for years. She tasted slightly salty from our morning's exertions, with a delicate flowery scent.

I kissed lower on her breasts, the exposed skin as well as the fabric of her bra, her erect nipples begging to be sucked through the lace and nylon as she moaned softly. "That feels so good, it's been so long," she whispered. I reached my right hand around her back, felt for the clasp that was denying me fuller access to her breasts, snapped it open with a well-practiced motion and removed the garment. As I stepped back she reflexively crossed her arms over her chest.

"No, move your arms. I just want to look at you. I've wanted to see your tits ever since we moved into the neighborhood," I told her. She complied. "You really do have an amazing figure. I know women 10 years younger than you who would kill to have such a nice high, full rack." She smiled as I lowered my mouth to her left nipple, circling it with several long, lazy licks before sucking on it gently, feeling her spasm when I gently nipped it. I then lavished similar attention on her other breast before kissing her mouth once more, then standing back a step.

"That felt really nice," Sue said. "Thank you."

"No. Thank you," I said, then went silent, still testing her, knowing she would likely fill the gap soon enough.

"Would you...should we go to my bedroom?" 

"We will. But first...I want you to show me more."

"Right here? In my kitchen? What if someone sees?"

"No one can see over those hedges that we haven't gotten around to trimming yet. And the bright sun has turned your windows into mirrors anyway."

"What...what do you want me to do?"

"Show me. Show me what you do. Late at night, early in the morning...everyone does it. Show me what you do to pleasure yourself. I want to watch you, to see you at your most beautiful, how you tense, how you relax...how you come."

"I've never done that," she said shyly.

"You've never come?" I said with a smirk.

"No, silly. I've never...been watched before."

"It's as natural as rain. I'll be quiet," I said, pulling a chair from the kitchen table, turning it around and sitting in it, facing her. "If you close your eyes you won't even know I'm here."

Her eyebrows were furrowed. "This is kind of strange. I don't know how I feel."

"I bet I know how you feel," I said, rising from the chair and walking toward her. I slid my finger down the front of her shorts, felt the humidity between her legs as I ran my finger along the length of her womanhood. "You feel turned on. Give me a show," I said, taking her hand and placing it on my half-erect cock, "and I'll give you this. Wherever you want it." She didn't say anything, but the way her hand was fondling my shaft and balls told me all that I needed to know.

I placed my hands on her hips and lifted her up onto the countertop, then reached for the hem of her shorts. She raised her ass cheeks to allow me to pull both her shorts and lacy cream-colored panties down. "Oh my sweet Sue," I said teasingly. "You know what they say about women who wear matching sets of underwear, don't you?" She nodded knowingly as her clothes finished their journey down her long legs, and I took in the sight of her hairy vagina. "Au naturel, just like I imagined."

"You've imagined me naked before?" she asked. Her surprise matched my own.

"Are you kidding? I bet most of the guys and teenage boys around the neighborhood have. I know I've certainly come while thinking about you," I revealed, returning to my chair. "Now, let's see you put your imagination to work." 

Sue sat there, unmoving. "Touch yourself." After another moment's pause, she did as instructed, placing her right hand between her legs, her forefinger starting on her clit before sliding along her labia. "Spread yourself, like a centerfold," I instructed. She did, revealing the pinkness of her innermost beauty for my eyes before sliding her middle finger into her channel, her thumb on her erect pleasure button. She closed her eyes, leaned back until her head rested against the upper cabinet, her left hand going up to her right nipple, losing herself to the moment.

My cock, which had been at half-mast since I'd been admitted into Sue's house, was now fully erect. I reached up the right leg of my shorts and began massaging my head while watching Sue pleasure herself, then pushed the loose cotton up, allowing me to wrap my fist around my shaft. Sue opened her eyes, saw me stroking myself and responded by increasing the tempo of her motions. I could actually hear her wetness as she slid her index and middle fingers together along and around her pussy, wishing it was my tongue there, figuring there would be plenty of time for that later. She varied her masturbation technique, using her thumb and two largest fingers to rub, stroke and penetrate her pleasure zone and play with her clearly sensitive nipples for several minutes while I slowly milked my cock.

A grin came to her face as she began moaning and sighing, closing in on her climax. I stopped touching myself, intent on enjoying the performance Sue was putting on. "Let yourself go, beautiful," I whispered, and moments later she shuddered and shrieked as she came, then slumped back, smiling. "That was an incredible thing to witness."

I stood up, pulled my tee shirt over my head and removed my shorts, then sat back down. It struck me that it was funny, the both of us nude except for our footwear, and I let forth a small laugh that brought Sue back down to earth. "What's so funny?"

"Nothing," I said, stroking my cock, bringing forth a perfect pearl of precum from my head. "I need you over here."

She obeyed, sliding off of the counter and crossing the distance between us in a few short steps. She stood over me, scanning my naked body, most of her attention on my cock and balls. "I want your mouth on me," I instructed, placing my hands on her shoulders as she lowered herself to her knees before me, my legs parting to give her room as I sat back, my hands going to the top of her head, gently stroking her auburn hair as she reached out with her right hand.

She was tentative, her hand feeling along my length, cupping my balls. She gave me a gentle squeeze, milking more of my precum. She touched the dewy substance with a finger in an exploratory fashion, pulled her finger away, stretching it like a strand of silken spider web until it snapped. She put her finger to her mouth, licked it clean, then finally lowered her mouth toward my pulsing head, her extended tongue swirling around it several times, like it was an ice cream cone. 

I applied gentle pressure to her head, urging her to take me into her mouth. Seconds later I gasped slightly as several inches of my rod disappeared between her lips, a slight scraping of teeth reminding me that this was a woman who probably didn't give head very often. I then felt a nice bit of pressure as she sucked, then watched as she slid her mouth off until just the tip was in her mouth. She sucked along my shaft again and began to establish a very pleasing rhythm that got me even harder.

"That feels so fucking good," I said encouragingly. She tried to speak, mumbling and moaning along my length, sending vibrations pulsing along my member. "So...fucking...good." 

She removed her mouth, stroked me with her hand. "I've never been very good at this."

"Really? You seem like a natural to me." 

She smiled at my compliment, continuing to pump me with her palm. "Thank you. I like the way you taste. But what I really want is to feel you inside of me. It's been too long since I've...been fucked," Sue said, seeming embarrassed by her language. "Let's go to the bedroom."

"No," I said, and a slight frown came to her face." I want to take you here. Bend over the table." 

She paused briefly and then did as I asked, removing her glasses and steadying herself with her arms on the kitchen table, presenting herself to me. Her toned ass looked great, as did the peek of pink I got. I positioned myself behind her, hands on her hips, began to slide my erection along the outside of her channel, feeling her soft, wet downy hairs tickling along the top of my shaft, her lips parting. I teased her for a minute or so, causing her to get wetter. Finally, she laughed. "Are you going to fuck me, or what? Don't worry; it's safe." She gasped as I changed my angle and entered her partway. Several hard thrusts and I was all the way in.

I held myself inside her, my entire length snugly surrounded by her wet warm walls. "Fuck, Sue, you're so tight!" I started pumping in and out, hard, my balls slapping against her ass as we both grunted and moaned.

"I feel incredible, like an animal!" Sue exclaimed through gritted teeth as she laid her head on the table, looking back at me as a hand went to her clit. She rubbed herself vigorously, making occasional contact with my shaft and balls as she slid her fingers around as I fucked her, her breasts smushed against the laminate surface of the table. As a tit man I wanted to see them while we fucked, so I withdrew from Sue's amazing pussy to change positions.

"On your back," I instructed her. She began to roll over as I lifted her up, positioning her at at the edge of the table, her womanhood still gaping open as I lifted her legs to my shoulders. I slid back into her easily, loving her smile almost as much as the amazing sensations I was feeling from my tip all the way to the root of my shaft every time I bottomed out inside her accommodating, hungry slit. Her breasts jiggled with each thrust, flattened out somewhat but still proudly defying gravity, hypnotizing me even as the table shook under the pressure of our pleasure.

I began to feel my imminent release, wanting to help Sue experience the same sensations that I was on the verge of having. As if reading my mind she lowered a hand to our union, touching herself externally while I continued to provide friction and heat inside of her. "Don't stop, Steve, don't stop...I'm so close!"

"I ain't gonna stop until I'm spent," I tried to reassure her. But I did in fact stop thrusting momentarily, holding myself deep inside of her while trying to think of the unsexiest things possible in order to delay my climax. I moved slowly, carefully inside her, almost lifting her up with my length as I tried to prolong my ecstasy, her finger still busy on her button. "Fuck, Sue, I can't hold off much longer!" I exclaimed as I began to pump into her rapidly once more.

"Come for me, come inside me, fill my need," she whispered huskily, her legs wrapping around me. A near-grimace came over her face as she began to grunt her climax, her body shuddering as I felt that indescribably amazing feeling from my tightening balls to my chest that signaled my release. 

"Fuck, I'm coming!" My cock pulsed inside her half a dozen times, my sperm spasming forth deep inside Sue's enclosure as her face relaxed into a serene smile.

Her legs unclenched and dropped to the edge of the table as I began to soften inside her. I withdrew, bent over, kissed Sue from just above her pubic hair and up her body until our mouths joined together. I wrapped my arms around her, brought her to her feet, and we stood embracing each other, all embarrassment gone as we smiled blissfully for an expanded moment.

"Well, those gutters aren't going to clean themselves," Sue noted unexpectedly, suddenly all business as she took her hands off of me and moved to gather her clothes. 

I laughed gently as she bent over, a bit of my white come visible on her dark bush as it dripped out of her before she headed to the bathroom. "Yes ma'am," I replied, gathering my own clothing and reaching for a paper towel to clean myself off.