 Before I begin my story, my name is Steve and let me tell you a little about myself. I am 34 years old and own my own construction business. I have been blessed to be successful and live on the Gulf coast of Florida. I was married once when I was younger but have been divorced for 5 years.

I am 6' tall with a muscular build from working out. I work hard but also like to have a good time and definitely don't sweat the small things in life. 

This is the story of how I met Maria. I met Maria at a friend's party. I had recently broken up with my girlfriend and was enjoying a little "alone" time. 

While at the party, my friend Lisa introduced me to Maria. Maria seemed very plain. 

In fact, I really didn't give it much thought. She was about 25 years old, tall with olive skin and long dark hair. She had beautiful eyes and a pretty face but I really couldn't tell much more. 

She looked European to me. She was dressed in a loose top and baggy slacks. We exchanged small talk and I moved on. Can't say I really learned much about her.

Later that evening, Lisa pulled me aside and asked me what I thought of Maria. I told her that she seemed like a nice gal. 

Lisa said that Maria had recently broken up with a long time boyfriend and could use a friend like me. Then she said something that caught me off guard. Lisa said that Maria was "my kind of girl". Now Lisa and I go way back. 

We never dated or hooked up, just always friends. We have shared many stories and happenings over the years. She knows me well and what kind of girls I like. She even knows some of my wild ways. T

hat is to say, she knows that I have a very high sex drive and like women that are free spirited. Lisa gave me a wink and walked off.

I waited a while and walked over toward Maria. She was talking to Lisa so I just joined the conversation. Lisa was telling Maria that she and her boyfriend, John, where going boating on Sunday and wanted Maria to join them. 

John is also in the construction business and does very well. He has a 36' "go fast" boat and they were going to go to one of the barrier islands off the Gulf coast of Florida and hang out with some of their boating friends. 

At first, Maria was saying no but Lisa was being very persistent so Maria gave in and said she would go. Then Lisa turned to me and asked me if I wanted to go. I know this is bad to say but honestly, Maria was just too plain for me. I started to make an excuse but Lisa was not having any of it. 

I couldn't figure out why Lisa was so insistent that I get to know Maria. Finally, a little frustrated, I agreed to join them for a day of boating. After all, how bad could it be? A lot of my friends would be there so if it didn't work out with Maria, I am sure I could find other people to hang out with.

Sunday morning around 9AM, I arrived at John and Lisa's place. John and Lisa were already busy getting things ready for the boat. I jumped right in and started helping out. A short time later, Maria showed up. 

In the daylight, I could see that she was very attractive...even exotic looking. It appeared that she had on a one piece bathing suit with Capri baggy pants. Maria started helping Lisa in the kitchen and a round of Bloody Mary's appeared. 

As we were getting close to finishing loading the boat, I had the opportunity to pull Lisa aside. I asked her why she was so persistent that I meet Maria. Lisa asked me if I trusted her. Of course I do, I replied. Lisa walked off.

We boarded the boat and off we went. It took about 30 minutes to get out to the barrier island and we appeared to be one of the first boats there. We anchored and carried our "stuff" ashore. 

What Lisa said was weighing heavy on my thoughts. Yes, Lisa knows me well and I trust her. She must know something that I don't. Lisa suggested that Maria and I go for a walk while John and she finish setting up. Why not, I thought. 

I asked Maria if she would like to go for a walk down the beach. She smiled and said "sure". She took off her pants and sure enough she had on a one piece suit. Now, the last person I saw in a one piece suit was my mom. The suit wasn't particularly flattering but Maria sure did look good in it. 

Now that I could see more of her body, she had long legs and tiny hips. She handed me another Bloody Mary and we were off. 

As we walked, I started asking her questions. I learned that she was born in Spain but her parents moved to the US when she was a small child. She was the youngest in her family and had 3 older brothers. She worked as a Legal Secretary for a large Tampa law firm. She worked for the same Law firm that Lisa works for. That is how they met. 

As we talked more and got closer to more current events, she seemed a little uncomfortable. Not picking up on it, I asked her about her most current relationship. She turned away a little and was quiet for a moment. 

She then explained that she had lived with a guy for 5 years and that he was very controlling. He was extremely jealous and thought that Maria was flirting with every guy. She said that he made her wear baggy clothes when they went out. In the end, she said that he wouldn't let her go out with her friends or anything. 

She said that she really loved him but that finally she got up the nerve to leave him and move to Florida several months ago. I could tell that the wounds were still fresh. I took her hand and we walked quietly for a few minutes. I told her that she was a very beautiful woman and that she was better off without the jerk. She smiled. 

"Is that why you are wearing a one piece bathing suit," I asked. 

She smiled and said that that was all she had. She said that he had thrown out all her clothes and made her buy clothes that were baggy and too large for her to hide her figure.

We walked on for a little way and then turned and headed back. I told her about myself and a little bit about my last relationship. I explained that my girl friend had started to take me for granted. Maria said that that was never a good thing. 

We arrived back at the boat and a few other boaters had arrived and set up. Maria wondered off. John and I started talking "shop". We often worked on the same projects so we had some catching up to do. 

Lisa came by and handed each of us a beer and then eventually another. A little while later, Maria called my name. I turned to see that she was in the water by the boat. She motioned for me to come to her. I waded into the water toward her. When I reached her, she asked me if I would do her a favor. 

"Sure," I said. 

She told me that she felt kind of awkward wearing a one piece suit when all the other girls on the beach were in skimpy two piece suits. She said that she had asked Lisa if she had any extra bathing suits on the boat and Lisa pulled out a couple and put them on the back of the boat. 

Maria asked me if I would pick one of the suits for her to wear and give it to her. I climbed on the swim platform on the back of the boat. There were two suits. Both were two piece and very stylish. One was blue and a modest cut. The other was a white T-back with a much smaller top. 

I held both up for Maria to see and asked her which she wanted. She gave me a very sexy smile and said that she would wear which ever one I wanted to see her in. Since I didn't feel that I knew Maria that well and being the gentleman I am, I felt like I should pick the conservative two piece suit. 

Lisa words kept coming back to me and I thought what the heck, I would go for it. I put the blue suit down, grabbed the white T-back and top and jumped back into the water. As I approached Maria with the suit, she asked me if I was sure. Maybe it was the beer talking but I said that I would love to see her in the T-back. 

She crouched down and began to take her one piece suit off. Unfortunately, the water wasn't clear enough for me to see anything though I must admit I tried. She then took the T-back from me and put it on while in the water. 

Next the top which she took her time adjusting. Once she had the suit on, she came over to me and gave me a hug and a peck on the cheek. 

"Thank you," she said. 

That had me puzzled but I must admit that this mystery girl definitely was starting to get my attention. She told me to go sit on the beach and that she would be out in a moment. I waded ashore, grabbed another beer, and took a seat in one of the chairs facing Maria. 

She then started to wade out of the water toward me. First, I could see her tits, then her flat stomach, and then her hips and legs. The more I saw, the more I realized what an incredible body this girl had. She walked out of the water directly toward me until she was standing, dripping wet, in front of me. 

She did a pirouette so I could see her backside. It was the most incredible turn-on and I had to shift in my seat as I was getting aroused. She looked down at me and asked me what I thought. I really don't get tongue tied but she had my undivided attention. I told her that she looked marvelous. 

I got up out of the chair and noticed that just about every guy on the beach was stopped dead in their tracks and staring at Maria. Maria noticed all the attention that she had garnered and grabbed by arm and led me over to where the food was laid out.  

I couldn't help myself from continuing to check out Maria's awesome body. In particular, I noticed that her nipples were hard and looked like pencil erasers sticking through the thin fabric of the top. Maria didn't seem to mind all the attention she was garnering. In fact, it seemed to me that she kind of liked it.

Lisa commented to Maria on how great Maria looked. We grabbed some hot dogs, another drink, and sat down in a couple of chairs. It was quickly becoming obvious to me that Maria was not this shy conservative girl that I met at the party. 

In fact, I was beginning to think just the opposite. We ate our lunch and Maria kidded me on the look on my face as she walked out of the water. I called her a "tease" and she admitted she was. 

After lunch, we laid on our towels and just chilled for quite a while. While there were a lot of people on the beach by then, we seemed to be off in our own little world. We were lying on our backs when Maria reached over and started to run her nails lightly over my chest. Feeling her touch and looking at her gorgeous body started to get me aroused again. 

I couldn't help myself as my trunks started to move. Maria couldn't miss my excited state. I started to roll over as I was afraid someone would notice me. Maria jumped up and started to run for the water. 

I went after her. After we were in the water, we started to hug and I kissed her. At first they were gentle kisses but then they became more passionate. As I kissed her, she kissed me back.

We broke our embrace and Maria snuggled up behind me. We were crouching in the water with only our heads exposed. I was so hard, I could hardly stand it. 

The next thing I knew, Maria reached around and was putting her hand down my trunks. I started to grab her hand but she whispered for me to enjoy it. She took hold of my manhood and slowly began to stroke me. 

She whispered that she was sorry that she got me so aroused but that it wasn't fair to leave me in that state. She then pulled my trunks down and began to stroke me again. We were facing the beach and could see everyone on shore having a good time but they couldn't see what Maria was doing. I could feel her hard nipples on my back. 

Maria's stroking picked up the pace and in no time, she made me cum. As I was cumming, she bit me softly on my shoulder. I turned and we kissed passionately. Who was this incredible mystery woman?

We broke our kiss and she gave me this sexy innocent smile. Then a slight frown came to her face, she said she now had a problem and it was all my fault. She really caught me off guard as I thought I had done something wrong. 

She turned around and backed up against me. We were still crouching in the water up to our shoulders. She took my hands and guided them to her breasts. Her nipples were hard as pebbles. 

As I gently rubbed my hands over them, I asked her if her problem was that she was turned on. She nodded yes. I told her that since I had caused the problem, I guess I would have to fix it. She nodded yes again.

I guided my hands down over her stomach and rubbed her legs and hips. Slowly, I worked by hands to the inside of her thighs. She willing spread her legs as I began to touch her. I put my hand under the fabric of her T-back and ran my finger along her slit. 

Maria was extremely wet and she seemed to suck my finger into her. She let out a soft moan. Slowly I started to circle her clit with my finger. I think I was beginning to understand this mystery woman. 

As I continued to stroke her, I told her to stand up. She turned and looked at me with a quizzical look, smiled, and stood up. As we were in waist deep water, no one on shore could see what I was doing. Then I took another chance. 

I told her that I wanted her to pretend to adjust her top but that I wanted her to let it fall completely off into the water, count to 10, and then she could put it back on. 

She turned and gave me this wonderfully naughty smile. I think at that point we both knew we were going to be spending a lot of time together. 

First she untied the back and then pretended to be adjusting the top strap. It fell off into the water. There was my mystery woman standing topless facing the beach with my fingers playing with her clit. 

I heard a whistle and then some catcalls from the beach as the guys noticed that she was topless. Just then, Maria began to shiver as several orgasm rifled through her body. As they subsided, Maria reached down and picked up her top. 

Looking down at me she said "30" and then began to put her top on. Sliding back down into the water, we embraced and kissed passionately. 

It was getting late in the day and a lot of the boaters were starting to pack up and leave. I could see John and Lisa packing their stuff up on shore so we waded ashore to help them. Lisa and I were carrying some stuff to the boat when she turned to me and said "so, did you enjoy yourself today?" I smiled at her and winked.

We quickly packed up the boat and headed home after a wonderful day. When we arrived at John's place, we helped them unload and clean up the boat. As we were all tired from all the partying and the hot sun, I thought it was best to head home. I walked Maria to her car and we embraced and kissed some more and then she was gone. (To be continued)