 A few weeks had passed since the last time Linda and I had gone to Good time Charlie's. When I got home Friday evening she said she felt like going over and having a bit of fun if that was okay with me. I was fine with it because I knew that if nothing else I was going to get laid in the bargain before the night was out. Then she asked if I was okay with actually seeing her getting fucked by another man?

I had been aware for some time that she had been playing with others and had even been present a few times when she had been blowing other guys. I also knew she had been screwed by several men since we had started dating but she had always kept that part of her activities separate from me. I thought about it a moment and then came to the conclusion that it would be silly to object to something I knew was happening anyway.

As she had the last time Linda dressed in a short button up knit dress with no underwear on under it. As she said to me it made it really easy to both show off for the voyeurs who might be there and to give access to any part of her she felt like if the mood moved her. I was pretty sure the mood would move her. While we were driving over the border to go to the place she undid the top three buttons on her dress so her small pert tits were barely covered and hiked up the hem till her pussy was practically showing as well.

When we got to the border the US customs agent asked the usual questions and then started to notice her in the passenger seat with more than normal interest. This was back in the early 70s way before 9-11 and the inspections at the border were a great deal less formal than they are now. We were seldom asked for ID and even when we were usually a driver's license was all that was required. On this trip though the officer asked to see some Id and then asked if we minded if he searched the car a bit. Not having anything to hide and having no power to refuse anyway I said sure no problem. He had me pop the trunk open for which I had to get out of the car, no remote back then. He then asked me to stay at the back of the car and went to Linda's door and opened it. He said he wanted to see the glove compartment and from where I was standing I could see that although he opened it he seemed much more interested in looking down the front of her dress than into the compartment. I saw her lift her left leg up on the transmission hump at the same time which I'm pretty sure gave him a good eyeful if her pussy. He then said he was going to feel under the seat but it would be alright for her to stay there as long as she didn't move. He rummaged around for only a few seconds and then getting up and out of the car said everything seemed fine and we were free to continue on, wishing us a good evening as I got back in. As we pulled away she told me he had in fact rubbed her leg when searching the car and when she didn't complain had actually run his hand over her pussy just as he told me everything was fine. The night was already starting out well.

When we got to our destination Linda had me park near the back of the parking lot. She undid another button on the top of her dress and a couple at the bottom so as it had been when she left the last time the dress was only held together from an=bout the level of her tits to a bit below her waist. She pulled the top apart and asked me to suck on her nipples for a moment which I was of course happy to do. Then with her nipples hard form my attentions she checked her makeup closed the dress over her boobs and we entered the shop.

As we had the time before we took a stroll through the entire store and noted that as usual there were virtually all men in attendance. There was one other woman other who with her partner were quite a bit older than us, probably in their 40s and dressed much more conservatively then Linda. Several men followed us around while we walked by the movie booths and at one of them Linda stopped. Looking through the cracked open door it was obvious that the man inside was stroking his cock while he waited for someone to join him. When he saw her looking at him he opened the door a bit wider but she just continued to watch for a few more seconds and then moved on.

This night instead of going into a boot ourselves Linda led me into the movie theater and when we got there realizing the couch at the back was unoccupied she took me over to it and sat down. The right end of the couch when you were sitting in it was up against the side wall of the theater but there was space on the left side and the door to the theater was down a couple of rows so it wasn't obvious to anyone outside what was happening inside till they had got in completely and their eyes adjusted to the darkness. Linda sat at the left end of the couch and had me sit on her right as we started watching the show. There were a few men already in there and at least one of them was down on his knees between the legs of another in the front row a few yards from us and sucking him off. A few more men who had seen us outside came in and found places around the theater.

As we sat there Linda put her hand in my lap and felt my already half hard cock. Leaning over to my ear she asked. 

"What is tuning you on already, the movie, the guy giving the blowjob, sucking my tits in the car or the thought of the customs guy feeling me up while you had to stand outside waiting? I admitted it was a little of all of them.

She started caressing my cock through my pants and told me to be sure and not waste any of my cum because she was going to want it later. By now we noticed that one of the men had come over and was standing right beside Linda at the end of the couch. He could clearly see she was rubbing me and also he could see practically her entire chest looking down from his position. He was also rubbing his own cock quietly through his pants.

Linda looked at him and without taking her right hand from me I saw her reach her left hand out and rub it up the back of his leg. She then reached around and rubbed down the front of his pants feeling his cock. He didn't waste any more time before unzipping and pulling his cock out into the open. 

When he did Linda took it in her hand and stroked it up and down a few times then took it into her mouth. He started thrusting into her face and in a matter of about 30 seconds I saw him stiffen and her start swallowing and realized he was already cumming in her mouth. As he quickly pulled back she turned to me and gave me a big wet sloppy kiss flavoured with his cum and her saliva. Then whispered to me, "Well that didn't waste much time did it."

Several others had been aware of what had happened and another man moved up beside her but just then the older couple we had seen in the store entered the theater. As their eyes adjusted to the dark they saw us on the couch and moved over towards us. Linda ignored the guy beside her at this time and told me to move over to the other end of the couch. I wasn't sure what she had in mind but then it became plain as she scooted into the second spot and the man form the couple sat down on her left with the woman sitting on her right between Linda and I.

For a few moments nothing happened and then I saw that the guy had started caressing her left leg slowly with his right hand. When she did nothing to stop him he started going up higher and higher along her thigh. His wife was also watching this and certainly didn't seem to be upset in any way. I put my hand on her leg but as soon as I did she took I away and whispered to just watch for a bit and I'd get my reward later. Somewhat taken aback I still knew Linda was fine with what was going on so I did as I was told. I could see that she had spread her legs apart quite a bit by now and Steve, I found out his name after all this, was obviously feeling her pussy. Then to my surprise his wife Wendy reached over and started caressing Linda's tit with her hand. The guy who was at the end of the couch was also watching all this and had taken his cock out and was stroking beside us all as the show continued.

Wendy slowly undid the remaining buttons on Linda's dress and then opened it up so ny wife was totally naked from the front as Wendy started sucking on her tit on one side and Steve sucked on the other while fingering her pussy. A group of men had now gathered around to watch all this and Linda looked over at me and smiled and winked and I realized it was exactly what she had wanted to happen.

I also noticed at this time that he had Steve's cock in her hand and was stroking him while he fingered and sucked her. He stopped her for a second and then lifting his hips off the couch I saw him pull his pants down totally exposing himself to Linda. She took the opportunity to get up and then straddle him and sit down again and I realized he had just buried his cock in her pussy. His wife moved over in front of her and continued working on her tits while Linda and Steve started fucking together. I pulled my own cock out and like many of the guys watching all this started stroking myself.

Wendy looked at me and motioned me over to her. When I got there she moved to one side and simply said to me. "Start eating her out while he fucks her if you want any goodies later." I got between both of their legs and Linda grabbed my head in both her hands and moved me down by her crotch. There I could see his cock moving in and out of her as she humped up and down on him and as she pulled me closer I started locking her clit and his cock. That caused both of them to moan and then after a few minutes I heard Linda start to Gasp and Steve was grunting and suddenly the taste changed and I realized I was tasting his cum as it pumped out of him into her and then out of her onto my tongue.

Linda was shaking with her own orgasm now and as I looked up I saw that Wendy was pinching both her tits tightly at the same time as all the rest of this was going on. Several of the men around us were also cumming and shooting onto the floor of the theater.

Linda got off Steve's cock and sat down beside him. She then led me up onto my feet and pulled me close and swallowed my cock. While she was sucking me I felt hands on my belt and saw that Wendy was undoing my pants which she pulled down. Then with Steve watching from a few inches away as Linda blew me I saw he was playing with her tits and then I felt Wendy start playing with my asshole. As my cock got harder in her Mouth Linda moaned and I saw her squeeze Wendy's hand and at that Wendy pushed her finger up my ass and started wiggling it around. That was all I could stand and I started jerking as I spurted over and over into Linda's eager mouth. When I was done I pulled out and she once again pulled me down to exchange a cum filled kiss with me. This time she also gave Wendy a big kiss as we all somewhat collapsed on the couch.

After a couple of minutes Steve, Linda and I got our clothes in order. Wendy didn't need to as she had remained dressed through the whole thing. We said our good byes and as I learned later Linda had set the whole thing up ahead of time. We partied with Steve and Wendy several more times over the next few years, sometimes in public like this night but sometimes in a private place where I learned that Wendy could be practically as Wild as Linda. That is for another story though.