 It had been three weeks since Elaine had last seen Will, but it was no good. He was still all she could think about. During their winter break, she had gone to visit her grandparents in Florida. She'd spent most of her time with her family, true, but still. Florida. Nice weather, even in December. Once or twice during her trip she'd had the opportunity to hit the beach, scoped out some pretty cute guys, but in the back of her mind, there he remained: her professor, Dr. Will Barrett.

He kept saying they couldn't be together, that it was "wrong." But personally, Ellie couldn't see much of a difference between fantasizing about a student and fucking one. Either you were the type to let it impact your grading, or you weren't. She didn't think the completion of the act did much to change anything.

It sure hadn't seemed to change Will much. He was still antsy and uptight when he saw her, which had only been once or twice since the afternoon he'd taken her to his house. It was almost cute how insistent he was being that they not see each other outside of class - that way, anyway. He'd seemed perfectly willing to torture himself by agreeing to meet her for coffee and awkward conversation. And, similarly, she participated in the torture by continuing to wear short skirts and make suggestive comments when no one else could hear her.

It hadn't just teased him, either. She'd gone home from every class or meeting with him all hot and bothered. Nor had the trip to Florida really done much to banish the thought of Will from her mind. His scent, his taste, the feel of him inside her, it was all too much. She needed to see him again.

Elaine picked up her cell phone and checked it. Ten-thirty at night. If she called, he probably wouldn't pick up. Besides, what would be the point in calling? He would just tell her not to come over. But if she just went ahead over there, what could he do?

She dressed quickly, in a pair of black leggings under a long-sleeved sweater dress that came down just over her hips, and went out into the living room. She was just opening the front door to go outside when Thandie came in with her boyfriend, Mike. Elaine loved Thandie and liked Mike, but she wasn't sorry to be going out instead of staying in and listening to them have sex in the next room.

"Where you going, roomie? It's late!" said Thandie.

"Yeah, I know, but I, um, I..."

"Ohhhh, I see," Thandie said knowingly. "Booty call."

"Come off it," Elaine said with a frown. "I just want to take a bike ride. I've been sitting inside all day." She hadn't told Thandie about her encounters with Will, but somehow Thandie knew she was getting some anyway.

"Uh-huh," Thandie murmured, clearly not convinced. "You want a ride on something, anyway. But just watch out, it's supposed to rain."

Elaine ducked out the door and unchained her bike out front. It was an unseasonably warm night for January, with just a ghost of chill in the air. She pedaled quickly, hoping to get to Will's house before it got too much later. Through the neighborhood adjacent to the university she rode, but when she pulled up to his house, she got a surprise.

There were two cars in his driveway. She wheeled her bike over between a couple of trees, and crept over to his front window to peek inside. Will was there, looking adorable in corduroy pants and a dark blue sweater, and sitting beside him on the couch - with her hand resting familiarly on his leg - was a woman Elaine had never seen before. She was very pretty in her red sequined dress, and she was laughing at something Will had said, and then leaning in...

Elaine groaned softly, her head falling forward with a thump into the window. She ducked down, panicking a little that she had been seen, but when no one came out she just sat down against the bush and sighed. She drew her knees up to her chest and rested her cheek on them. What was she supposed to do now?

At that moment, she felt the first drops of rain falling onto her upturned cheek. She just sighed again, letting the rain dampen her hair and shoulders. Maybe it was stupid, but she just didn't feel like she could leave now. She needed to know if this woman was going to stay the night. It wasn't her business, she knew it, but for some reason she needed to know.

For a long time Elaine sat in front of Will's house, knees drawn up and getting ever wetter from the rain dripping down on her head and shoulders. She didn't know how long she'd been there, but at last she heard the door open somewhere to her right. Sitting perfectly still, not wanting to draw attention to herself, she heard Will talking softly with the other woman.

"So I hope you understand," he was saying.

"Of course I do," she replied softly. "Just give me a call later this week, okay?"

"Mm-hmm." Elaine heard footsteps scraping on the driveway, and then a car starting and driving off. She sighed softly in relief, thinking that in a few minutes Will would probably be going to bed and she could sneak off unnoticed. But she didn't hear the door close.

"Ellie, why don't you come in?" Elaine didn't move a muscle. "I know you're there; I saw you, and I think you should come inside."

At last she stood, giving her head a little shake to disperse some of the water, and walked gloomily over to his porch. She felt a little embarrassed, and even a little ashamed of herself. What was she doing there? Will touched his fingertips to her shoulder and moved to take her into his arms.

"No, don't," she protested. "I'll get you all wet."

"Oh, Ellie." He looked at her and gave her a sympathetic frown. "It's just a little water." He wrapped his arms around her in a gentle embrace, and she felt the sudden urge to cry. She hadn't thought missing him had been any more than just her hormones, but it occurred to her that maybe she'd been lonely without him. He was more than just someone to tease. He was her friend. "Now come on inside," he said, releasing her and holding the door open for her.

It was warmer inside, and yet she started to shiver quite violently as soon as Will had closed the front door. He put a finger under her chin and studied her face closely.

"You're looking pretty pale. I think we need to get you out of those clothes and into something dry."

"I'm f-f-f-fine," she stuttered, her teeth starting to chatter.

"Come on," he said in a no-nonsense tone, pushing her ahead of him down his hallway and steering her into his bathroom. He slid back the shower door and turned on the water. That settled that, she supposed. She was taking a shower. Elaine gave him a tiny smile and then looked away and began to pull off her sweater dress. Glancing at her a bit uncomfortably Will turned to leave the bathroom. "I'll just, uh, find you something else to wear."

"You, um...you don't have to go. You've seen me naked before."

"Well, well, um," he stammered, "I haven't...exactly...completely...Not - not like this."

"Do you want to?" she asked softly, peeling her wet leggings off and dropping them onto the floor beside her dress. The steam from the shower clouded around her as she watched Will. Even with his back turned, she could see him struggle with his thoughts. At last he turned around, and Elaine unhooked her bra, dropping it away from her body. Will's eyes widened slightly and he swallowed nervously. She slid her panties down and kicked them away from her, keeping her eyes down on the floor.

After a moment, she raised them to Will's face, and the expression she saw there dispelled any doubts she might have had about the way she looked or whether he wanted her. The way he looked at her left no doubt in her mind. He still desired her; he was hungry for her. After a long moment, he blew out a breath and cleared his throat. When he spoke, his voice sounded a bit hoarse.

"You'd better get into the shower before the water gets cold." Elaine stepped back while he gathered her wet clothes from the floor. She turned away from him, knowing he was watching her backside as she climbed into the shower. "I'll just go put this stuff in the dryer."

The water was hot, and the heat seeped into her bones. She wasn't sure what would happen, but at least it didn't seem like Will was angry with her for coming over uninvited. She slicked some of his conditioner through her wet hair and let it sit while she let the water run over her for a few minutes. She certainly wasn't cold anymore. Rinsing the conditioner out of her hair, she thought about what she might say to him, but nothing came to mind. She would just have to play it by ear.

She turned off the water and slid open the shower door, reaching for a towel. The momentary chill raised goose bumps on her skin, but it was nothing compared to how she had felt outside. She dried off and squeezed the excess moisture from her hair before hanging the towel back up. Folded neatly on the sink were some clothes - not the ones she had arrived in, but a white ribbed tank top and a pair of soft cotton boxers.

When she had dressed she stepped out into the hallway, grateful to find it pretty warm. Flickering lights were visible at the end of the hallway and she walked toward them. In the living room, she found Will sitting on the couch flipping through a magazine. He'd lit a fire in the fireplace, but the living room lamps were still on. The curtains were drawn.

Elaine walked around the front side of the couch and smiled down at Will, who had apparently changed into pajama pants and a t-shirt.

"Going casual, I see," she joked. Will patted the couch beside him and she sat, drawing her legs up and crossing them. For a long moment, they didn't speak. Elaine just watched the fire and tried to quell her nerves.

"You're not going to ask who she is?" he finally asked.

"No. It's none of my business," she replied, trying not to sound sulky.

"That's right, it's not."

"I shouldn't even be here tonight."

"No, you shouldn't...but you are. You must be curious."

"I'm kind of surprised you care what I'm thinking."

"Of course I care. Ellie, I've known you for over a year. You've been in my class every semester, which, when I think about it, makes sense," he said lightly. "You're more than just my student. You were before we ever...anything. I do care about you."

"I care about you, too." She took a deep breath, blew it out. "I am curious...but I know I don't want to know who she is or what your relationship is with her. I know it'll probably sound ridiculous to you after what I've said about not wanting anything more from you, but I guess I'm kind of, well...kind of jealous." She studiously looked down at her hands, feeling the heat rush to her face when Will put his arm around her shoulders.

"That's not ridiculous," he said softly. "I mean, even though I've said I don't think we should be together, I'd probably go crazy jealous if I saw you with another guy." Ellie nodded, still looking down into her lap.

"Listen," he went on, "it's getting pretty late and I have to admit I exhausted. It's been a long day."

"Oh! I'm so sorry, I didn't think about how late it must have gotten. If my clothes are dry, I'll just head on home."

"No, no, I didn't mean that. It's too late for you to ride home, anyway. You can stay here."

"Oh, um, all right," she said, stifling a yawn at the thought of sleep and leaning back against the arm of the couch. "Your couch is actually more comfy than the beds in the dorm rooms, you know that?"

"Ellie, you don't have to sleep out here. I thought you might stay with me. In my bed."

"Oh! Well...do you really think that's a good idea?"

"Probably not," he admitted. "But it's a big bed. Plenty of room for both of us." Will stood up, pulling Elaine to her feet with him. "God, you look so cute in my clothes." He led the way back down the hall to his bedroom and turned back the covers. After Elaine made her way over to the bed and sat on the edge, he flipped off the lights and came to join her.

"Come on," he said softly. "Under the covers with you." He turned them back and she slipped underneath the blankets with him, pulling them up to her chin. She lay there stiffly, jumping anxiously when Will touched her shoulder. "Hey, what's the matter? You seem uncomfortable."

"It's nothing, it's just that, well...you know, it's you."

"Hey, well just pretend it's not me. Pretend you're by yourself."

"My imagination's not that good."

"Okay, then pretend I'm just your boyfriend or something." Elaine turned to him, trying to indicate with her expression how ridiculous that idea was.

"I don't think that will really help. Look, it's just that..." She sighed. "I've never slept in the same bed with a boyfriend, either, so..."

"Really, never?"

"Never. I never dated anyone with their own place. My mom was never really keen on me having any overnight guests, as you might imagine."

"I keep forgetting how young you are," he said, but not like it made him happy.

"Yeah, well, now you understand."

"Didn't you ever imagine what it would be like to spend the night with a boyfriend?"

"Not really. I was always too busy focusing on, you know, other things."

"Hmm, I bet. Okay, just close your eyes and I'll help you out." Elaine closed her eyes, tried to relax a little, and then nodded in the dark.

"Okay, they're closed."

"All right. So just imagine one of your past boyfriends."

"Ugh."

"Oookay, then just someone attractive. Whenever I've had a girl spend the night in the past, it's usually because we've just... you know... and then pretty much it's just too late or she's too tired to leave."

"Uh-huh, oh, that's a pretty image, thank you."

"Oh, come on. I just want you to imagine you've, you know... and you're all relaxed, cuddling with the guy you've dreamed up. So just let your muscles relax, and feel yourself getting sleepy."

"It's not working. You're not very good at this whole getting me to imagine stuff thing."

"What am I doing wrong?"

"You've got to be more specific," she said, smiling to herself in the dark. "Now I want you to tell me...if I was here with my boyfriend, what would we be doing to make us so tired?" There was a long pause. It seemed like Will was thinking about his response.

"Well, um, he'd probably tell you that there's something he's wanted to do to you for a long time..." he replied.

"Go on," Elaine said, encouragingly.

"You know," Will said after hesitating for a moment, "I'm really not that good at this."

"Then show me," she whispered. Again she heard nothing but silence for a long time, but at last she felt his fingertips sliding just beneath the waistband of the boxers she wore. He gripped the waistband gently and tugged the boxers down her legs. She felt him shifting around beside her until he knelt between her legs, and the thought of what he was about to do made her even wetter than she already had been from the conversation they'd been having.

Then his tongue was on her, gliding slowly up and down, and she didn't have any more thoughts. She reached above her head and grasped the headboard to steady herself.

"Fuck, that's good," she whispered. Will's tongue was moving in steady circles now as he traced her opening with the tip of his forefinger. She moaned softly as he slid first one finger, and then two into her. Feeling herself tighten around him, she knew she wasn't going to last long. Weeks of deprivation and teasing had done its work. She dropped one hand down to his head, twining her fingers in his short hair. He rubbed his tongue against her more urgently still and she felt her legs trembling as she started to come. In the dark, sparks popped against her closed eyelids as her toes curled.

"Yes, yes, yes," she was chanting quietly as the aftershocks made her shiver.

"Feeling tired yet?" came the voice from between her legs.

"Not enough to sleep..." Will crawled back up over her, still kneeling between her legs but working his cock out of his pajama pants.

"Good, because there's no way I can sleep without having you first." Without waiting for her response, he ran his hands over her hips and under her to squeeze her ass. He lifted her off the bed a few inches and plunged into her. She cried out and he leaned over to kiss her as he took her. Opening her eyes again in the dark, she saw him above her and felt herself blush. It was such an oddly intimate position. Somehow having him ram into her from behind or riding him just didn't feel as personal, but this did.

Despite the twinge of discomfort at their closeness, she wrapped her legs around her waist and pulled him in deeper. He groaned in pleasure and she smiled. It felt good to know she could please him so much. She held him close to her and dug her short nails into his shoulder blades as he started thrusting faster and hitting her in just the right spot.

"Oh God, yes," she moaned. Will just kept rocking against her, and she felt another orgasm building.

"Can you come again, Ellie?"

"You couldn't stop me," she panted beneath him. She opened her mouth to speak again, but her breath was stolen by the kiss Will planted on her. His tongue tangled with hers and she whimpered into his mouth. She pulled him in even tighter with her legs, almost wishing they could get closer although it didn't seem physically possible. Will pulled his mouth away from hers reluctantly and kissed a hot, wet line down her neck.

"I'm so close," he moaned in her ear. Elaine couldn't seem to speak. She was teetering on the edge of her own explosion and all she could do was turn her head to the side and bite down on Will's earlobe. He groaned in response, slamming his hips against her one more time and emptying himself into her. The feel of his come deep inside her triggered her own orgasm and she cried out into the sudden ringing silence.

-----

Soft rays of sunlight woke Elaine, and it took her a moment to remember where she was. No doubt Thandie had texted her a dozen times last night when she hadn't returned, and she supposed there was no way she could deny she'd been at someone's house at this point. It would probably be the last time it would happen, though. Before they had finally dropped off to sleep the night before, Elaine and Will had had a brief whispered conversation about their relationship. It should end; they both agreed now. There was too much at stake, and they both needed to move on. Elaine wasn't very happy about it, but she respected her professor too much to insist.

That is, after she left his house today. Taking stock of her position on his bed, she tried to move and realized she was locked tightly in his arms as he curled around her backside. All the motion did was to awaken his cock, which rapidly hardened against her. They were both naked still, and it took only a little maneuvering before the tip of his cock was pressing against her wet sex. She didn't quite have the right angle to push him completely inside, but it didn't matter. A moment later and Will had moved his hand from the bed in front of her to her thigh, gripping it so hard she feared it would leave bruises and lifting it up to give himself a better position to fuck her in.

It was nothing like last night. There was nothing soft, nothing slow, nothing remotely emotional or intimate about what they were doing except for the physical joining. There was only raw need as he pumped into her from behind. She heard his harsh breathing in her ear, felt the rough squeezing of her breast in his right hand. Before she had even got her own breath, he was pushing her onto her knees and pulling her hips far into the air. Her head dropped down into the pillow and it swallowed her scream as he plunged deeply into her.

The sound of him slapping against her filled the air and the moment she wiggled her hand between her legs to caress herself she exploded, her hips jerking against his grip wildly. Will threw his head back and kept fucking her as hard as he could for another minute. Elaine slid her damp fingers back through her legs and found his sack, giving it firm squeezes in time with Will's thrusts. All too soon he had found his release and Elaine felt his come shooting into her, perhaps for the last time.
