 I spent several minutes in the ladies room, cleaning myself up, repairing my makeup, combing the passion induced snarls out of the back of my hair.  When I emerged, Steve was waiting for me.  He handed me my keys and paperwork.  I blushed furiously but he smiled gently and didn’t seem to be judgmental.  

“Umm…Jorge isn’t really a one-woman kinda guy,” he said.

I laughed.  “That’s OK, I’m not going to drop in and stare mooney-eyed at him all the time, or make loud scenes in front of your customers.  This was just a …” 

I trailed off, trying to find words to convince him I wasn’t a horny slut, despite today’s evidence to the contrary.

“…a one-time walk on the wild side for me.”  I sighed heavily.  “See, I broke up with my boyfriend about six months ago and I just got to feeling lonely and deprived…” I trailed off again.

“I can relate to that.  My wife died in an accident three years ago.  I didn’t think I’d make it at first.  It’s better now but there are still times when I get so lonely I think I could die.”

How sad.  I’d been bringing my car to Steve’s Auto for the past several years but I didn’t know he’d lost his wife.  

“I’m sorry,” I said quietly.

“Like I said, it’s better now.  I’ve even started dating recently, although I’m not seeing anyone at the moment.”

“Well, if you’re not busy, would you like to go grab a bite to eat?” I asked.  “Sounds like we could both use the company.”

“Love to,” he said.  “We can just leave your car locked in the shop and come back for it afterwards.”  He opened the door to the shop and indicated for me to precede him in.  He led me over to a gleaming black BMW motorcycle.

“Do you mind?” he asked, indicating the bike.  “I like to ride this when the weather’s nice.”

“Ohhh…I’d love it.  But only if you promise you’ll take us out on a back road and really open it up.  I haven’t ridden a motorcycle in years.  I’m not sure I’m dressed for it, though!”

“Well, it’s dark,” he chuckled, “so nobody will be able to see.  But here,” he handed me a leather jacket, “it’s getting cooler since the sun’s gone down.”

He rolled the bike out of the shop, lowered the overhead door and kick started the motor.  I buckled on his extra helmet and mounted the bike behind him, arranging my skirt the best I could to preserve my modesty.  It took me a few minutes to get accustomed to the motion of the bike and I clutched Steve’s middle tightly until I could relax.  My pussy still felt swollen and my ass ached from Jorge’s punishment.  The thin silk panties I wore were no barrier between me and the vibrations of the powerful motor.  I felt my nipples begin to harden as I spread my thighs wider and snuggled closer to Steve’s back.

He headed north on the main drag out of town and I sat back and just enjoyed the ride.  All too soon the bike rolled to a stop.  We were in the parking lot of a small convenience store.

“Wait right here,” he instructed, and dashed inside.  Bemused, I waited obediently.  Steve returned shortly with a couple of grocery bags which he stowed in one of the saddlebags.  

“I thought we could have a picnic up at Black Mountain,” he said.  As he remounted the bike, I noticed a decided bulge in the front of his khaki pants.  I pressed close to him again as we continued toward the park.  If my hands accidentally brushed his lap when I adjusted my position, I don’t think he minded.  My panties were damp from my proximity to Steve’s warm body combined with the rumbling of the powerful motorcycle between my legs.  

When we reached the gates of the park, I spotted the sign that said PARK CLOSES AT DUSK and figured we’d have to go somewhere else, but Steve just dismounted and helped me down.  Then he simply rolled the bike up on the grass and around the chain-wrapped gates.  We headed for the small lake.  He parked and extracted the grocery bags and a picnic blanket from the saddlebag.

“Are you always prepared or what?” I joked, indicating the blanket.

“I was a Boy Scout,” he admitted, blushing a little.  I was charmed by this quiet admission.  His gentle consideration was soothing after Jorge’s rough treatment.  I looked at him more closely.    We’d met several times over the years but I’d never really seen him.  He wasn’t in-your-face handsome like Jorge, but with his sandy hair, brown eyes and average build he was nice-looking in a quiet, steady way.

We strolled slowly down to the path surrounding the lake.  The moon was up and it was almost as bright as day.  He selected a picnic table at the water’s edge and helped me walk over the rough ground to get there.  He folded the blanket over and indicated I should sit on the bench facing the water.  I tried to take the bags from him and set out the picnic but he waved me away.

He spread out a six pack of imported beer, cheese and crackers, a bag of cookies, and some slightly worse-for-wear bananas.  “Pickings were pretty slim,”  he observed.  

“It’s wonderful,” I said. “After all that…activity…earlier, I’m really hungry.”

“I can imagine,” he said dryly.  “I watched you, you know.”

“I know.  At the time I was turned on by it, but now that you’re not a stranger anymore, I’m embarrassed by it,” I said quietly.

“Don’t be.  It aroused me more than anything has in a very long time.  You’re incredibly sexy and strong.  Most girls just let Jorge do whatever he wants without a whimper.”

With that, he turned his attention to his dinner, polishing off a couple of beers and a good quantity of cheese, crackers and fruit.  I ate my fill and then sighed deeply, breathing in the cool night air.

“It’s beautiful,” I said.

“Yes it is,”  he agreed, looking right at me.  My breath caught in my throat and I licked my suddenly dry lips.  He followed my darting tongue with his eyes.

“I want to kiss you,” he stated.  Not bothering to answer, I laid my hand gently on his cheek and brought my mouth to his.  We shared a sweet, exploratory kiss, breath mingling and tongues dancing.  He pulled back and rested his forehead against mine for a minute.  Then he wrapped his arms around me and kissed me again, a long deep kiss that had my toes tingling.  He ran his hands over my arms, my back, my shoulders.  Then he kissed the corners of my mouth and nibbled his way down my neck.  

He delicately licked my ear.  His warm breath made me shiver and I could feel my nipples tighten.  As if sensing this, he ran his hands up my sides and began to lightly caress my breasts.  I ran my own hands over his strong shoulders and biceps.  

“I want to see you in the moonlight,” he said.  He pulled me to my feet and slowly slipped off my jacket, following it with my lacy top.  As he unhooked my bra, I glanced around uneasily.  

“No one’s around for miles,” he reassured me.

The cool night air made my nipples even harder, and Steve teased me by licking and nibbling at my breast, circling around the nipple but not touching it.  He reached behind me and unzipped my skirt, slipping it down my legs along with my panties.  Drawing me against him, he gave me another slow, sweet kiss.  Standing there naked, pressed up against his fully clothed body, was extremely erotic and I could feel my pussy lips swelling.  I was already very wet.  Placing my hands on his ass, I rubbed it all over, pushing his growing erection against my mound.  We rocked back and forth that way for a few minutes, with my increasingly restless hands wandering all over his ass, back, shoulders and chest.  Finally, he allowed me to unbutton his shirt.  I explored his strong chest, taking a few minutes to tease his nipples with fingers and tongue.  Then I slowly removed his shoes, socks and pants, leaving us both naked in the moonlight.  

Steve sat down on the bench, one leg on either side.  He pulled me across his lap.  Balancing with my hands on his shoulders, I teased us both by sliding my wet pussy back and forth across his hard cock.  I closed my eyes and concentrated on the delicious friction generated by his thick, hot dick rubbing up and down against my clit.  He put his hands on my hips, grinding my slippery wet box into him.   We were both panting with excitement.  He slowed the movement of my hips and stared into my eyes.

“I want to be inside you,” he said.

I rose slightly and grasped his rock-hard penis, slipping it inside my warm pussy.  We both drew a sharp breath as he slowly slid deep inside.  He held my hips again and guided me up and down in a slow rhythm.  We kissed and looked into each other’s eyes and I could feel my orgasm building.  I tried to speed up, but he just kept the same tempo, making it last.  I raised up on tiptoe, pulling myself up high enough so that just the head of Steve’s cock was resting between my pussy lips.  I waited a beat then slowly lowered myself back down.  I did this over and over until it was he who was desperate to speed up.  He finally began to circle my clit with his thumb, increasing the intensity along with his thrusts.  My head dropped back and my eyes closed.  My nipples brushed lightly against his chest and ached for something more.  I reached up and took one in my hand, twisting and pulling.  Steve placed a hand on the other breast and squeezed the nipple hard. 

“You’re going to make me come,” I whispered.  

“Look at me,” he instructed, “I want to see your face when you go over the edge.”

I did as he asked, and seconds later I felt a wrenching climax wash over me.  I shuddered in his arms, eyes going blind.  He held me tightly, driving his hard-on deep inside me.  Then his body tensed and he thrust one final time.  It was his turn to shudder and I felt his throbbing cock squirt a thick stream of cum into my quivering pussy.  I went limp, resting my head on his shoulder.  I could feel our mingled juices slowly leaking around where we were still joined.

“Are you cold?” he asked a few minutes later.  Without waiting for an answer, he got up and gathered our scattered clothes; helping me dress and then putting his own clothes back on.

Packing up the remnants of our picnic, we made our way back to where the bike was parked.  

“We’ll go back to the shop and get your car, then I’ll follow to make sure you get home OK,”
Steve said.

“There’s no need for you to do that,” I protested.  

“Oh, yes there is,” he grinned, wiggling his eyebrows suggestively.

“All right then,” I laughed, “but only if you let me drive.”

He gave me a quick refresher in gearshift, clutch, brake and accelerator.  We mounted the motorcycle and started off down the road, the bike bucking and screeching under my inexpert handling.  Playfully, Steve began to stroke my hips and thighs, rubbing his hands up the sides of my breasts.

“You better stop,” I yelled.  “We might crash.”

“Aw, hell,” he said good-naturedly, “we’re only going 15 miles an hour!”

But he reluctantly stopped his distracting explorations.  I gained more confidence as we rode and we made it safely back to the shop.  He followed me home as promised, but our night didn’t end there…