 Elaine glanced at the clock on her bedside table and sighed ruefully. It was late. She hadn't been sleeping well lately, and it wasn't because her roommate Thandie had begun inviting her new boyfriend over every night of the week. It was the dreams. Dreams she couldn't remember, but made her feel so unsettled when she awoke in the morning. She was dreading sleep tonight, but knew she had to be well rested for her class presentation. Lying down under her thing sheet, she forced her mind to empty, hoping her sleep would be dreamless. Her eyelids fluttered shut, and sleep stole her away.

She dreamed. She was pressed up against a white wall in a white room, and she wasn't alone. Someone was nuzzling her neck, caressing her bare breasts with their open palms. Someone's hard cock was nudging her in the thigh, and then it was pressing into her, filling her, making her gasp with the suddenness of it all. She remembered now, felt her mind drawing away from the man pleasuring her to tell her this had happened before. Last night, and the night before that. She needed to know who it was.

"Kiss me," she murmured into his hair, and he dutifully lifted his head to press his lips against hers, still moving his hips in a slow and steady rhythm. She felt her muscles tightening, working to give her this pleasure she had neither asked for nor wanted. She saw his face. Gasping, she pushed his chest away from her, even as her hips responded to his, and she felt herself falling away from him. Felt her body's frustration at this denial.

She woke with the need screaming through her body, feeling a thin line of sweat dripping between her breasts. Moving her hand down, she felt the heat radiating out from the crotch of her pajama bottoms. Inside, she was hot, sticky, so wet that she didn't need any preparation before plunging two fingers inside. She heard herself whimper aloud, softly, and pressed her face into her pillow to muffle any other noises. Then she remembered his face, the man that her body had wanted so desperately in her dream. She felt her abdominal muscles clench so suddenly that it was almost painful and then she was having her first orgasm in over two years, pumping her hips up against her hand.

Then she laid back and took a deep breath. The wetness between her legs had trickled out to coat her thighs, and a light sheen of sweat that covered her body shone in the moonlight streaming in through her window.

"Will," she whispered. She knew who it was. Her favorite professor, a man she considered a friend and mentor, a man whose research assistant she was, a man she had never had a sexual thought about in the year she had known him. This could get awkward.

----------

In the morning, Elaine took a long, hot shower, and lectured herself. "It doesn't matter that he's your professor. You don't think about him that way. You're just punishing yourself for ignoring your body, that's it."

Her last relationship had been a disaster, and the sex hadn't been all that great, but at the time, she'd thought it was better than nothing. Then they stopped even having sex, but she felt guilty for pleasuring herself, and eventually stopped doing that, too. She'd convinced herself she didn't need release and was finding out now that was obviously a lie. Well, there was nothing she could do. She would just go to class and everything would be fine. It had to be fine.

She successfully pushed her dreams to the back of her head all day long, and settled into a chair for her last class of the day, Professor Will Barrett's. Other students filed in, and finally, so did he. She chanced a look up at him, and found he was smiling over at her familiarly. A tiny, sharp pain arrowed into her chest, but she gave him a small smile back. She had never thought of him in any way other than purely platonic.

Oh, he was attractive enough, but he had never been her type. Being petite and curvy, she'd always been attractive to men who were shorter than average with enough strength to pick her up and swing her around. Will was over a foot taller than she, and a naturally thin guy. Elaine found herself staring at him, with his short brown hair and his soft brown eyes, and it finally hit her. He wasn't movie star hot, maybe, but she found him gorgeous in his own way and she really, really wanted him.

When he announced they would be watching a documentary in class, she decided it was her lucky day. Watching him lecture the class and trying to keep her mind on what he was saying instead of the way his lips formed the words probably would have been too much for her. But as the lights turned down and the movie began, she found her head leaning back to rest against the wall behind her. Her eyelids suddenly felt very heavy, and before she knew it, she was asleep.

This time, she couldn't see him, but she knew he was there. She could smell him, a scent of clean cotton, light sweat, and a soft musky odor that must have been just him. He was kneeling behind her as she knelt on the floor, kissing the side of her neck. Pressing his fingers into her hips, he angled her up toward him and slid into her in one long, sure stroke. Her body buzzed with a sort of soft, hazy pleasure, and she waited for the next stroke, but suddenly she came to herself.

Looking around nervously, she saw that the movie was still on and most people's eyes were on it. Thandie sat next to her; funny, she didn't remember Thandie coming in. She leaned over and spoke in a hoarse whisper, "Next time you want to have a sex dream, maybe don't do it in class, Ellie."

Swallowing hard, Elaine replied, "How could you tell?"

Thandie's eyes widened comically. "I was actually just kidding. Are you okay? You don't look so great."

"I just...I'll be right back," Elaine answered, before getting up and walking out of the room as quickly as she could without drawing attention. Her heart was hammering in her chest and she felt oddly heavy between her legs. She sprinted down the hall and into the girls' bathroom, which was blissfully empty. Slamming a stall door shut behind her, she yanked down her jeans and frowned into her soaked panties. There was certainly no way she could put them back on, but she also couldn't just pull her jeans back up and go back to class.

She bit her lip as she peeked under the sides of the stall both ways to be sure that she was, in fact, alone. Then she set one knee on the lid of the toilet and slid her fingers between her legs, gathering up moisture before slipping them over her clit feverishly. The pressure built very quickly, and for a moment she thought her heart would stop as the bathroom door opened and a group of giggling girls walked in. Then her orgasm overtook her and she squeezed her eyes shut, willing her mouth to stay closed as her legs shook underneath her.

Letting out her breath as slowly as she could, she cleaned herself up, stuffing her panties into her back pocket, and flushed the toilet. The girls were all still in their stalls when she popped out to wash her hands, and she noticed she was looking a little flushed. She was jogging back down the hall to class, when she turned a corner, and ran directly into Will. She jumped back as if she had been burned, uttering a soft, "oh!" at his sudden appearance.

"Ellie, there you are. I saw you run out of class, and I wanted to make sure you were okay."

Her heartbeat, which had just been returning to normal, resumed a faster pace within her chest. Suddenly she could smell her own arousal and she knew she was blushing. Was it possible – could he smell it? Did he know what she had been doing? No, it was impossible. She hoped.

"Um. I'm just not feeling that well. Shouldn't you be in the classroom?"

"Class is out, Ellie," he said with a hint of amusement.

"I didn't realize I was gone so long," she mumbled to herself. She tapped her foot, a trifle impatiently, since Will was between her and her backpack, and finally said, "Well, I've gotta run."

Raising his eyebrows, he said, "Yeah, of course. I'll see you tomorrow at the usual time, then, if you're feeling better."

She nodded distractedly and sidestepped him, running into the classroom to grab her bag. She was mildly relieved that Thandie was waiting for her, so she could avoid making idle conversation with Will if she saw him again on her way out. The girls chatted about Elaine's newfound fixation all the way back to their dorm room, and it wasn't until late that night that Elaine, undressing for bed, noticed that her panties were no longer in her back pocket...