 I find you writing industriously, and am pleased to see it is a story for me you are typing. You look up from your endeavor to find me watching. You push your chair back from the desk, the keyboard sliding into place again under the desktop, your pants a little tight in the crotch now as you turn your chair toward me. 

"I was just enjoying your work." 

"Would you like to have some firsthand experience with it?" you ask.

"Indeed, Bruce, I would love it." 

I approach you, relaxed and comfortable in your chair, a smile of welcome on your face. I lean over and take a hold of the ends of your tie, unfastened at your throat. You get a nice look down the loose neck of my blouse and see I have no bra, just my breasts free for you to touch, you reach for me, running your hands in the neck of my shirt over my soft skin. 

I pull you forward for a kiss, a slow, deep, tongue and teeth kiss. You have the blouse pulled down now and in the soft glow of your desk lamp you can see my nipples harden as you softly stroke my skin, pulling my nipples and kneading my flesh with your fingers. 

I unbutton your shirt, running my hands over your chest, pushing the cloth off your shoulders to drape the chair, kissing your collar bone, your neck, the hollow of your throat under your adam's apple. I move lower, stroking your belly with my tongue, rubbing my chin and cheek over your warm flesh, dipping my tongue in your navel and smiling at how it tickles you and makes you suck air into your lungs. Lower still, I unsnap and unzip your trousers, you lift your hips for me to slide them down, I lay them on the desk and put your shoes and socks under the place where the keyboard slides under. 

Sure enough, you are happy to see me. I grin. I kneel between your knees, my nails lightly stroking your thighs, my fingers briefly dipping behind your knees where the flesh is soft and sensitive, again you breathe deeply, a sigh on your lips as mine kiss the head of your cock very lightly. I run just the tip of my tongue over the head of your cock, no other part of my body touches you, our only connection flesh to flesh is the tip of my tongue and the head of your cock. Over and over I tease you like this. 

I reach up and pull the pins from my hair. Now all you feel is my tongue very lightly and my hair against your thighs, brushing softly as I move my head slowly back and forth, the soft underside of my tongue against your heated flesh. You are breathing very hard now, my tongue stroking the sides of your cock now, up and down the length of your hard shaft. I take you in my mouth, wrapping my lips around the tip of your cock, my teeth lightly holding you in place while I suck gently on the precome you have started to display. I open my mouth wider, my lips slipping further down your cock, my hair covering your lap, feather soft against your skin. I have you all in my mouth now, you can feel my chin against your balls, my mouth sucking and my tongue licking. 

I put my hands on your thighs, kneading your muscles as my mouth sucks your hard cock, your hips rising a bit off the chair to thrust your cock deeper. You brush my hair aside, your hands on my neck, raising my head off yours. 

"I want more," you tell me. 

I stand and hold my arms out to you, you remove my shirt, then my jeans, sitting me in your chair, spreading my knees to find I am wet already, sucking you turns me on. 

Your hands stroke my skin, teasing the inside of my thighs, my calves, the arch of my foot and then up to the prize you were wanting, fingers unfolding the petals of my warm flesh, stroking my warm wet lips and tickling my clit with the tip of one finger. My back arches, thrusting my hips toward you, you lightly taste my pussy, licking nectar from me, pressing your tongue to my clit, pushing one finger at a time into my wet passage, then three fingers over and over, pushing me over the edge and causing me to cry out as you suck my clit and lick my lips. 

"Oh yes, Bruce darling, like that," as my hips start to follow the rhythm you set. 

I climax, very hard, my juices flowing over your lips and tongue, and still you don't stop, sucking and licking and fingering until I have come one more time, breathing hard and crying your name out loud. 

You are still hard, and I can feel your cock throb against my thigh as you lean into me and kiss my mouth. You taste good, like me and you and hot lust on an even hotter evening. 

"You ready for more, my Maggie?" 

"When have you known me unready?" 

"Ah, Maggie, that's what I love most." 

You lean back on your hands, your feet pushing the chair back as I stand out of it, I kneel over you. I slowly lower my still dripping pussy over your cock, hard and ready for me. 

"Ride me, Maggie, ride my hard cock." 

I push you into me, my muscles squeezing around you, my hips rocking on yours, you are hard and deep and feel incredibly fantastic inside me, throbbing and passionate. You lay back and pull me to you, sucking my nipples into your mouth, first one and then the other, thrusting your hips to meet mine, whispering into my ear that you want me to come again on your cock, to ride you hard and come all over your cock and to keep sliding my hot clit on you until I come again. 

Your whispers in my ear make me crazy and I move faster, my pussy moving up and down your cock, feeling the tension of an orgasm building deep within. I can feel it growing in the pit of my stomach, spiraling out from my clit and I arch my back, rising over you to push the orgasm home, coming on your still hard cock, feeling you hard and deep inside me. 

You roll then, while I am still breathing hard and letting the waves of orgasm spasm my muscles tighter around you. You are thrusting your hard cock into my wet snatch, deep and wonderful, my clit sensitized from my last orgasm, you feel so good inside me, I start crying your name again. My ankles are locked around your waist and my fingers are digging into your shoulders. I am coming again, fast on the heels of the last orgasm, it makes me lightheaded. I can feel you ready to come too. 

"Yes Bruce, oh yes, come with me this time, come inside me, deep and hard and hot, fill me up with you, now, Bruce, Now." 

With a yell of your own you are coming inside me, come spilling out of you and joining mine, slick and hot and fulfilling. You lay on me momentarily, I am reluctant to move my ankles from your back, your head nestled in my neck, your lips brushing my throat with soft kisses as we both are catching our breath. 

"Ah, the rewards of working late," you say.

I laugh.