 My Ex-girlfriend, we will call her Sharon and I dated for about 10 years, we had a son together but never got married. We split up when our son was about 6 years old, but we continued to get together on a regular basis for the most incredible sex of my life, much better than when we were together, funny how that works out. 

Anyway, she recently planned to move in with a guy that she had been dating for about a year and a half, we can call him Terry. I thought this would be the end of our sexual escapades. They were moving things from her apartment and I offered to go over and give them a hand (being the nice guy that I am). We had most everything moved out of the apartment, but they were planning on getting rid of a lot of the things that she had, old furniture, clothing, etc. Her boyfriend was going to take all of the furniture and clothing to a consignment shop to get rid of it. Our son wanted to ride with him because he liked riding in the moving truck. It was decided that Sharon and I would continue to pick up garbage, vacuum the carpets, and mop the floor, while they delivered the 'junk'. 

Sharon had some dirty dishes in the sink that she wanted to get cleaned, so I offered to mop the floor in the dining room and kitchen while she finished up the dishes. I kept noticing what she was wearing, she had on a very loose fitting tank top and a sports bra underneath, so when she would move in just about any direction the tank top would expose her wonderful 36C tits held in by her sports bra. I was watching her while she was bending over the sink and scrubbing some of the dirty pots and pans. 

With every move she made I got a little glimpse of her beautiful breasts, even though they remained covered by the bra, I could see the outline perfectly. I started to get an enormous erection and I was trying to figure a way to relieve the tension I had building. She turned to see how far I was getting along on the floors and asked me what was taking me so long. She said "I think that spot you keep mopping must be clean by now."

"I am trying to get this black scuff up and it won't go away," I replied. "Well, hurry up, I am almost finished," she shot back. "Aye aye, captain," I said. About 20 minutes had passed and she was finishing up the dishes and she asked me what I thought could be taking them so long to get back with the truck, it was starting to get a little dark. Then the phone rang and it was Terry, he said that the rental truck had gotten a flat tire and that the company he rented it from said they would be there in about an hour to change the tire. She obviously was aggravated as expected, but what could be done? 

She hung up and said that they would be about another hour and a half. I couldn't bear to think that I would have to keep looking at her amazing body for an hour and a half and not just throw her down and tear off her clothes. "OK, I said, what do we need to do next? She said that she had some laundry downstairs that she could finish up and asked if I would help her. "Sure, anything beats running this damn mop," I said. Down the steps we went to the basement. The basement was a little dark, but enough light to see what we were doing. She bent over to open the dryer and again I caught the outline of her bosom. "You are going to have to stop doing that," I said. 

"What?" she asked. 

"Oh nothing," I replied. 

"You are weird," she said, but then again you have always been weird. We laughed and taunted each other for about 10-15 minutes. Finally I could not take any more. My dick felt like it was getting ready to explode, so I had to do something. "oh well," I thought. 

"What's the worst thing she will do to me?" So, as she had her back to me putting clothes in the washer, I decided to make a move. I unzipped the shorts I had on, and unbuttoned the boxers I was wearing underneath. I took my cock into my hand and started walking towards the washer where she was standing. In one quick movement, I pressed the head of my dick against her ass and reached around with both hands and grabbed her tits. She turned around quickly and asked what the hell I thought I was doing. But before she could offer a lot of resistance I took her hand and guided it took my dick which was already oozing some pre-cum. She had always liked when my cock did that. She just moaned softly when she felt it. She looked at me and said, "mmmmm, you know how I love that." I answered back, "and you know how much I love your hands on my dick." 

She slowly started to rub up and down the shaft of my dick and was slightly moaning. "We can't be doing this, what if they get back sooner than we think they will?"

"We will hear the door open upstairs, we can hurry and get straightened up if they do."

"why am I doing this"? she asked. "Because you want it as much as I do."

"What makes you so sure"? "Because you haven't let go of my dick since I put your hand there." I then reached up with one of my hands and grabbed the back of her head and pulled her to me and we engaged in the hottest kiss I have ever felt in my life. She then was using both hands on my dick, one stroking my balls and the other slowly jerking my dick. This felt incredible, I was so close to shooting my load all over her hands. I was thinking about everything else just to try to make this moment last a little while longer. What she did next blew me away. She started kissing my neck and then moving farther down my body. She dropped to her knees right in front of me and pulled my shirt up so she could lick and kiss on my stomach. I was going crazy, she was working on me like she never had before. I reached down and pulled her bra up to expose her twin globes of delectable flesh, and started rubbing tits like mad. I had to have her right then and right there, it didn’t matter to me who might walk in. 

She was still licking and kissing on my stomach, but she had started to rub both of my legs instead of my dick and balls.

Good thing, because I was at the edge of one intense orgasm. She massaged both my calves and lightly trailed her fingers up to my knees and then my thighs. I was in heaven. Her touch is so soft and light, and seeing her down on her knees in front of me with my dick about 6 inches from her face was a picture that will forever be etched on my mind. I was still rubbing her tits and her nipples were getting so hard in my hands, she was moaning softly and I was groaning for relief. This was the most incredible foreplay that we have ever experienced, at least in my opinion it was. Suddenly she leaned forward and took the head of my dick in her mouth and gently licked the head. 

I told her she better not get too far along doing that because I wasn't going to be able to last more than a few seconds if she got started like I know she can. (She gave the most incredible blow jobs of anyone I had ever been with and anyone since) Still with the head of my dick in her mouth she looked up and said, "I want you to cum in my mouth, I want to taste your cum." And with that she quickly drove her mouth down the entire length of my shaft, and took her hand and started rubbing my balls. She was sucking my dick deep in her mouth and rubbing my balls. There was no way I would have let her stop even if she wanted to. 

She then took both hands and ran them up to my ass and pulled me even more into her mouth. She had every inch of my dick in her mouth and her forehead was up against my stomach. Damn, was she ever hot. I couldn't hold back anymore, I reached down and grabbed the back of her head and forced my dick as hard as I could against the back of her throat, she groaned, and said, "Yes, cum in my mouth, I want to taste your cum again." Who was I to blow against the wind? I fucked her mouth a few more strokes and let go the biggest load of sperm I could ever imagine. She gagged on about the fourth stream that hit the back of her throat, but she never spilled a drop, and swallowed every drip of cum out of my dick. It was so intense I almost passed out right there on the spot. 

She got up on her feet and said, "WOW, that was amazing, you had a lot stored up." She said that she needed to change her panties because she had the most incredible orgasm she had ever had when I came in her mouth. We sat down on the floor and caught our breath. I reached over and hugged her and gave her a kiss and told her that she was the most beautiful woman I had ever met and that she gave the best head anywhere in the world. She just smiled and said, she loved sucking my dick and it was too bad that we didn't work out together. 

We heard the door open upstairs and Terry was back. We finished putting the clothes in the dryer and walked back upstairs. Our son thought it was funny and cool that the tire was flat, Tony didn't. We finished loading everything up and taking it over to the new house. Tony is in the reserves, so he had to go away for 2 weeks, starting next week. Sharon and Terry told me that if I ever felt like unpacking boxes and setting stuff up to come on over. I think I will just wait until he is gone for 2 weeks. Then I will go over and help empty some boxes and fill another. We will see what happens, check back in a week, I will give you a full update.