 After our first rendezvous, and multi-orgasmic date, Dawn and I had returned to our respective homes. Our cyber-space relationship continued. We chatted and teased each other nearly every night. Over the next few weeks, our night together was practically the only topic we talked about. 

Dawn continued to be amazed by her ability to have multiple orgasms. She said she was already looking forward to our next date. It seems I had lit a fire in her belly. A fire that needed quenched. She told me she wanted to try it all. She wanted me to love and use her body with every technique I knew. She made me promise to do all I could with and to her. 

It didn't take much persuasion to get that promise from me. Just the thought of another of Dawn's promised special deep-throat blow-jobs easily got my agreement. I promised to show her everything I knew, as limited as that knowledge may have been. 

Over the next few weeks, we talked about what could happen on our next date. Sometimes, she seemed a bit reluctant, especially when we discussed some of the different things we could try. But, over and over again, she told me she wanted to try it all. She left the rest to me.

About a month after our first date, Dawn and I were again able to get away. We decided to again meet in the major city about half way between our homes. We met at the same restaurant we had visited during our first encounter.

By the time we arrived at the restaurant, I had already secured a room for the night. Our room was in the same motel at which we had stayed during our previous rendezvous. Humans are, after all, creatures of habit.

Throughout our dinner, we had been discreetly petting each other under the table. Dawn's panties had become soaking wet by the time we finished eating. 

After dinner, which included a couple glasses of wine, Dawn said she wanted to pass on the dancing and go straight to our room. She said she hadn't been touched since the last time we had been together. She told me, "I'm horny, and don't want to wait any longer." She wanted fucked! Now! 

With the raging hard-on I had, she got no argument from me when she suggested foregoing the nightclub. We headed from the restaurant straight to our motel room. 

Once in our room, it took us all of about 30 seconds to get naked and land on the bed. Dawn had me sit on the edge of the bed as she knelt between my legs. In no time, she had my cock deep in her mouth. I laid back and turned to stretch out on the bed. Dawn kept my cock well in her mouth until I was flat on my back in the bed. She then pulled back, looked up, smiled, and plunged my cock fully into her throat. 

Dawn whined in complaint when I told her to stop for a minute. I had her get on the bed and lay on top of me in the classic 69 posture. She quickly got the idea, got into the position I suggested, and resumed deep-throating my cock. 

I began eagerly tonguing her pussy and sucking her clit. 

During our last date, Dawn's pussy had been eaten for the first time. Her husband, and the few other men she had been with, had just let her suck them off, or simply fucked her. No one had tended to her needs. The previous men in Dawn's life hadn't cared if she had been satisfied, or not. She had certainly never had her pussy eaten at the same time she sucked a guy's cock. 

The sensations Dawn received from having my cock down her throat and simultaneously getting her pussy eaten, brought her to the brink of orgasm very quickly. When I sensed her pending orgasm, I wrapped my arms snugly around her hips, pulled her tightly to me, firmly sucked her clit into my mouth, and gently flicked it with my tongue. 

That did it! Dawn ground her horny cunt onto my face as she buried my cock down her throat. "Huummmmmmmmmm, hum, hum, hum!" That was the only sound she could make, as we both came. She didn't lift off my cock a bit as I pumped my load of cum into and down her hungry throat. 

As I finished cuming, Dawn licked me clean, sat up, and continued grinding her cunt onto my face. 

"Oh yes! Eat me, baby!" She cried out. 

When she sat up, her asshole was pressed to my nose. That seemed to give her another thrilling sensation. She wiggled and ground her pussy and ass down on my face. "Oh shit! Oh, oh, I'm cuming again! Ooooooohhh!" Dawn loudly exclaimed. 

As Dawn's orgasm passed, and she slowly began to calm down, she fell forward and gently licked and kissed the head of my cock. With her first two orgasms of the night tapering off, she rolled off me, turned, and snuggled by my side. 

Dawn gently took my wilting cock in her hand. Looking down, she said with a grin, "This will not do. I want more!" She then began slowly and gently stroking my cock back to life. 

In just a short time, Dawn had my cock beginning to come alive again. In the mean time, I reached down between her legs to stroke and probe her pussy. She was so wet, her pussy juices were running down the crack of her ass. 

Since she had reacted as she had when she sat with her asshole pressed to my nose, I reached below her pussy, and began circular teasing of her asshole with a finger. Slowly, the teasing became probing. In response, Dawn spread her legs and raised her knees to her chest. That gave me better access to her asshole. Though her asshole was extremely tight, in short order, I was smoothly sliding a finger in and out of it to the second knuckle. Dawn pressed her legs to her chest, and used her hands to spread her ass cheeks. 

During our chats, we had discussed the possibility of fucking her in the ass. Dawn had been reluctant at first, but she had warmed to the idea, if I promised to not hurt her too badly. 

With that in mind, I had packed a tube of extra strength sunburn cream. The commercially available product has a numbing effect as well as excellent lubricating properties. 

Retrieving the tube of lube from the nightstand, I applied a generous amount of the cream to Dawn's asshole. I used my finger to work the lube around and past her sphincter muscle. 

By that time, my cock fully erect again. 

I had Dawn hold her knees to her chest. 

I lubricated my cock and placed it against her tight virgin asshole. When I gave a quick, short, push, and my cock's head popped past her sphincter and into Dawn's ass. 

As my cock popped into her asshole, Dawn's eyes popped wide open. She gave a sharp gasp. She did not, however, pull away or try to avoid my cock. With a look of concern on her face, she told me, "Go ahead. Just go slow." 

I pushed in an inch or two, and stopped briefly to allow her get used to the first cock in her ass. When she seemed to relax a bit, I slowly took a few shallow strokes. I was then about half way into Dawn's ass. 

"Get ready, Baby." "I'm going to give you the rest of it." I told her. 

She didn't say a word.

Then, after patting her ass, and taking a firm hold of her thighs, I shoved my entire length into her virgin ass. 

Another gasp escaped her lips, but she made no other sound. She still didn't try to pull away from the invader in her bowels. 

"Are you OK?" I asked. 

"Yes! It hurts, but not much. Not nearly as much as when my got screwed the first time. But, my legs are starting to get tired." 

She had been holding her legs up long enough for them to begin cramping. So, I pulled out, and had her roll over onto her belly. I had her get up on her knees, leaving her shoulders on the bed. With her knees widely spread in that position, Dawn was presenting her ass to me for some serious reaming. Before re-entering, I added a little more lube to her asshole. 

Scooting up behind her, with a quick, short poke, I popped my cock's head back into her ass. 

"Oh! That still hurts, but it's kind of nice too." She said. Another shove, and my cock was again buried in her asshole. "Uhmmmmmph!" She grunted as my balls slapped her pussy.

I began slowly stroking in and out of Dawn's ass. She soon started returning my strokes with thrusts of her own. As I shoved in, Dawn pushed back toward me. Moving slowly and tentatively at first, then faster and harder, we fucked Dawn's asshole. Dawn was beginning to enjoy getting fucked in the ass. 

We were soon hammering my cock into her ass. With each hard drive into her bowels, Dawn grunted and pushed back. My balls slapped her pussy with each plunge. 

"Oh shit!" she yelled into the pillow. "Fuck me in the ass. Ram it harder, Honey! Yes, oh yes! Fuck my ass!" 

I, of course, tried my best to accommodate her. I grabbed her hips, and, using them for leverage, I rammed into her ass as fast and as hard as I could. 

In no time at all, I was ready to cum. Jerking her hips back to me, I slammed deep into her ass, and breathlessly told her, "I cuming, Baby!" 

As I pumped a large load of cum deep in her bowels, she reached back, fingered her clit, and helped herself to another orgasm. 

When we had both finished cuming and had slowed our stroking, I slowly pulled out of her ass. Her asshole remained slightly open and a drop of cum hung at the rim of her sphincter. Dawn stayed on her knees and continued a slow, air humping, motion for another minute or two. 

"Damn!" Dawn said, as she slowly lowered her ass to the bed and cuddled up to me. She had a broad smile on her face. 

A short time later, we fell asleep in each other's arms. We were still holding each other when we awoke a few hours later.

As we sleepily held each other, Dawn's hand stroked my cock to life again. In the mean time, I, almost casually, kissed, licked, sucked, and nipped her tits. 

When she had gotten me fully erect, she pulled me on top of her soft body. Instead of guiding my cock into her pussy, I moved up and straddled her chest. I had her push her tits together, and I stroked my cock between them. At the top of each stroke, Dawn kissed or licked my cock's head. When I was about to cum, I lifted Dawn's head and put my cock to her lips. 

She opened her mouth, and sucked just the head of my cock in. As she licked and sucked my cock's head, I gave her a small load of cum. When she had the last drop, she promptly swallowed.

We then fell asleep again. That time, we slept until the next morning. 

When I woke, I had the typical morning hard-on. So, I rolled onto Dawn and guided my cock into her still wet pussy. As I stroked in and out of her, Dawn wrapped her legs around my waist. She used those legs as leverage to pull me deeply into her pussy as I pumped out just a dribble of cum. A gentle morning fuck is a great way to start a day, or end a night of loving. However, this 50-year-old had expended his reserves on a ravenous 30-year-old.  

After showering, we had breakfast, and checked out or our room. With a firm hug and a kiss, we parted, and headed for our separate homes. 

Our having any more nights together, or not, remains to be seen. I certainly hope we can arrange something. Dawn is a sweet girl who gives the greatest blow-jobs, and is one hell of a fuck. If I can only survive her 30-year-old lusts.