 The chronological order of my stories is as follows:

Todd & Melina series, Interludes 1-5, Sperm Wars series, Russian Roulette series, Case of the Murdered Lovers series, Case of the Murdered Chessplayer series, The Swap series, Interludes 6-10, The Murdered Football Player Series, Case of the Black Widow series, Teresa's Christmas Story, The Case of the Black Badge series, A Case of Revenge series, Teresa's Summer Race, The Trilogy series, Dark Side Of The Force series, Caught In The Act series, The Phyllis Files 1-2, Case of the Murdered Bride series, The Credit Card Caper series, The Phyllis Files 3, The Hot Wives Investment Club series, Seriously Inconvenienced series, Case of the Paper Trail series, Christmas Mystery Theater, The Porno Set Mystery series, The Medical Murder Mystery series, The Eightfold Fence series, The Phyllis Files 4, Pale Morning Light series, Silverfish series, Cold As Ice series, Secrets of Apple Grove series.

Sting of the Scorpion, Ch. 01-02.

Feedback and constructive criticism is very much appreciated, and I encourage feedback for ideas.

This story contains graphic scenes, language and actions that might be extremely offensive to some people. These scenes, words and actions are used only for the literary purposes of this story. The author does not condone murder, racial language, violence, rape or violence against women, and any depictions of any of these in this story should not be construed as acceptance of the above.

*****

Part 5 - Media Stings (continued) 

"Welcome to the Chief's chair." I said as Chief Bennett had me sit down in the chair in front of his desk, taking his seat behind that desk after pouring himself some coffee. It was the morning of Tuesday, May 5th, and despite being Cinco de Mayo, we were not in a festive mood.

"Griswold said there'd be days like this." Bennett replied. "I just didn't expect one so fast, or this bad."

"Is it that bad?" asked Lt. Scott Peterson, who had just come in and taken his seat next to mine. The silence that met him was worse than any actual answer he would've received.

"Who's in charge of evidence?" asked Peterson. "Deputy Chief Brownlee?"

"The Deputy Chief is in charge of the Evidence Rooms, as part of Physical Properties." I replied. "But evidence itself belongs to the Court that has jurisdiction of the case, usually administered by the D.A.'s office and kept in the custody of the Police Department. As police officers, we're all Officers of the Court. For something like this, though, it'll be up to D.A. Krasney and Chief Bennett to decide on releasing the evidence to the Media."

"I'm sure I'll be talking to Krasney soon." said Bennett. "For now, Scott, put out a notice that the Police Department does not release evidence without Court authorization, and any Media request for the release of these tapes will be denied until there is a Court Order demanding it. Go ahead and put that out now, but make sure to tell KXTC before telling KSTD." I smiled at that one; Chief Bennett was going to be good at playing the Media types against each other. Lt. Peterson got up and left.

"So what do you think, Crowbar?" asked the Chief once we were alone in the room.

I replied "I'm sitting here wondering who wants that information released, and by that I mean whoever leaked it to Priya Ajmani and KSTD; why they want this exposed; and why now?... over two years after Burke and Mrs. Arruzio were murdered."

The phone rang and the Chief answered. "It's Krasney." he said. "I need to take this." I took the dismissal for what it was and got out of the office. 

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

At 10:00am a press conference was convened in the Press Room in the front part of Police Headquarters. The room was full to overflowing, as the Media smelled blood in the water.

Lt. Scott Peterson began the conference with an announcement: "The Police Chief and District Attorney have been in consultation. Both consider the Burke tapes to be evidence as part of a crime, and that evidence will not be released to the Media nor the Public. The Open Records Act does not apply to criminal evidence, and the KSTD request to release those tapes is categorically denied."

"Lieutenant," shouted Priya Ajmani, "what are you and Commander Troy trying to hide by not releasing these public records?"

"They're not public records, Miss Ajmani." said Peterson. "John?" he said, calling upon reporter John Hardwood.

"The Burke-Arruzio murder case is considered closed." said Hardwood. "Therefore, shouldn't these tapes be made public, as the Public has the right to know what is in these now-public records no longer needed as evidence?"

"Let me take this." said Chief Bennett, coming up to the podium. "Okay everyone, I'll try to get this through to you: it is the opinion of the District Attorney from several preceding Court cases that criminal evidence is not subject to the Open Records Act. We are very willing to test that in Court again, if need be.

"Furthermore, the case technically is not closed, as there has not been a conviction of anyone for those murders since the prime suspect, Mr. Arruzio, committed suicide. It remains sealed in the way Grand Jury testimony is sealed." said the new Chief, then hit the Media jackals with his bomb:

"Last but not least," said Bennett, his voice rising just a bit, "there is no prurient 'public interest' in the information in those tapes. The Public does not automatically have a 'right to know', especially regarding things like Court case evidence. The tapes will not be released. Even if a Court orders them released, I will not release them and will go to jail first, and we'll take this one to the US Supreme Court if need be."

"Chief Bennett!" Priya Ajmani screamed... actually screamed, her rudeness shocking even some of her jaded colleagues of the Media, "what are you and Commander Troy trying to hide? Why won't Commander Troy make a statement about this, since it was his case to begin with? Where is Commander Troy now? Why is he hiding from us, and what is Commander Troy trying to cover up?"

"Young lady," said Chief Bennett, "why do you keep bringing up Commander Troy's name?" He paused, letting the silence embarrass Priya. "Miss Ajmani, I asked you a question: why do you keep bringing up Commander Troy's name so specifically? Why him? What's your reason for doing that?"

"What's he trying to hide, Chief?" Priya shot back in the utter silence of the room.

"Commander Troy has nothing to do with this," replied the Chief, "except for having solved the original crime itself. It's not the Commander's call on releasing the tapes, nor is he required to make any statement just because you demand it. The decision is mine to make, Ms. Ajmani. Perhaps you didn't notice that I am the Chief of Police now, it is my call along with the District Attorney's to make, and I have just informed you of what that decision is."

Bennett wasn't finished, and he did not let Priya off the hook at all: "I still want to know why you're working so hard to inject Commander Troy's name in this, Miss Ajmani. It bespeaks of Media bias, and of trying to create a story and false narrative rather than just report news, as is your job." The room was stifling in its silence. I was secretly watching, and I could literally feel the resentment of the Media turning to hatred. This Chief was going to be no better to them than the previous Chief... nor Acting Chief, for that matter... and the arrogant assholes of the Media just hated it.

Have I mentioned how deeply I hate the Press?

"That concludes this press conference." ordered Chief Bennett. "Scott, we'll take no more questions on this matter, either now or at any time in the future." With that, the Chief exited the room, leaving the Press bitterly angry... and me very impressed. This guy was going to work out even better than I thought, I realized.

I did not have time to enjoy it, though. As I headed back to my office after secretly watching the press conference, the Duty Desk Sergeant caught up to me.

"Sir, you have a phone call." he said. "It's from the U.S. Army."

I thanked the Sergeant and went into my office to take the call.

"Commander," said the voice, "this is Colonel Rudy Gloriman of the V.A. National Cemetery Administration. I recently led the funeral of one of your colleagues's father."

"Yes, Colonel, I remember, and we appreciate the fine job you and your team did." I said. "How can I help you?"

"We understand that Dr. Laura Fredricson is your wife, sir?" Gloriman said. When I confirmed that, he said "We've been trying to get in touch with her, but have been unable to, and I'd appreciate it if you would give her this news..."

Part 6 - Sex, Burke, and Videotape 

"Nothing new, so far." Laura said. She had slept in the Communications Room at the Federal Building. Jack Muscone had gone home, and was now checking in with her.

"The latest reports I have," said Laura, "are that Wargrave and his confederate, who is a white male believed to be an American, did take off in a small plane that had almost no fuel, leaving two men associated with our assets over there dead. The plane was then found about 30 miles away; they got off the ground and then landed pretty quickly as the fuel ran out. There was some evidence that a makeshift runway had been marked for them."

"I take it they weren't in the plane when it was found." Jack said.

"Nooooo." Laura replied. "Their footprints were tracked heading away from that plane. They met up with what appears to be a larger group, then everyone got into a truck. The truck's tracks end at a road about three miles away, but that road leads to a town that has an airstrip, and witnesses say that another small plane took off from there last night."

"He got away." Jack said. "That sucks."

"Yes. This thing has gone to hell in a handbasket." Laura said. "In addition to an unanticipated truck going to the initial rendezvous site, we have some reports of helicopters flying in the area. We had an AWACS plane airborne to trace the tracking devices and communications signals, but no helicopters. Whatever was flying out there was not ours, and not the local governments's, either."

"Wargrave's own?" asked Muscone.

"I don't know." said Laura. "Anyway, we're now watching all Ports of Entry into Europe and the United States, but Wargrave is too good and experienced at border crossings, so I'm not harboring hope. Once he's back inside the USA, he has full Constitutional rights again, which is why I wanted to get him while he was outside the country."

A lot of people don't realize that even American Citizens lose their Constitutional rights when they leave the United States, and are subject to the laws of the nation they are in. Once back in the USA, the citizen's rights are of course fully in place.

"Well," Jack said, "maybe it's for the best. We'll just have to begin the next phase of Operation Gravestone, and bring him in alive with charges pressed against him. My boss would like that."

Laura said nothing in reply; she would've preferred Wargrave dead already. But her intended reply was stopped as her cellphone rang. It was her husband calling... and he never called her on this, her 'Company' cellphone...

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"Wow, I can't believe he's dead." Laura said as we drove towards the City. "He was only ten years older than I am, and he was in very good shape."

The Colonel's call had brought the information that Laura's ex-husband, the recently retired Army General, had been found dead in his home near Ft. Huachuca, Arizona. The cause of death was initially believed to be a heart attack. Laura had been stunned by the news when I told her, but handled it well. She made phone calls to get information, and told me that she wanted me to attend his funeral with her at Arlington National Cemetery.

We took the four kids to Todd and Jeanine's house, where my mother Phyllis had a key and where it would be safer in the gated community. My mother called Pamela Feeley, Pete Feeley's mom, and asked her to come stay and help, which Pamela happily agreed to do. Teresa Croyle said she would stay with them when she was not on duty, and Cindy, Jenna, and Jeanine's law firm partner Virginia Madison were all going to help out. I was grateful to have so many people willing and able to help care for the babies.

"Had you talked to him recently?" I asked Laura as we drove through Nextdoor County.

"Just a couple of months ago." Laura said. "Some of it was 'Company' business and I can't talk about that, but he also told me to congratulate you on solving the Silverfish cases. You wouldn't believe the attention that one got, darling. Especially at the Federal level."

"And not all of that attention was positive, I might add." I said, knowing that there had been resentment by some for my success where they had failed. "But even the local cop on the beat can tell you that Ft. Huachuca is the home of the Military Intelligence Corps, that you and your former husband were working together professionally when you were married, and that you are wrapping up your career with Operation Gravestone, which the Federales are almost too eager to see accomplished."

"You're as smart as you are handsome, darling." Laura said, and I knew there was the merest hint of acerbity in her comment. "And it's a good thing your iron hard cock feels so good inside me every time you fuck me with it."

"Glad to know how to get out of trouble when the wife is not happy with me." I joked. Laura smiled but then got quiet, and I wasn't sure if she was remembering her life with her ex-husband, or if she was thinking about the complexities of Operation Gravestone.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Cindy and Teresa were walking along Courthouse Square, intending to get lunch at one of the little restaurants along the outer edge of the Square on the southern side. Cindy was wearing a dark blue police uniform, matching dark blue shirt and pants, silver Captain bars pinned on the epaulettes of the shoulders, outlined ribbons for the Medal of Valor and Purple Order over the right pocket, badge over the left pocket. Teresa was in plainclothes: blouse, skirt, and medium-heel sandals.

"Why that dark uniform?" Teresa had asked as they left Headquarters by the front door. "It's getting warm these days."

"It's not out officially yet," Cindy replied, "but Lt. Masters wants everyone to be more uniform in their Uniforms. He wants all uniformed Officers wearing the same uniform on any given day, and he's asked the Chief and Commander to cooperate with that by having the Detectives and higher ranking Officers also wear the same uniform if they're not wearing plainclothes. This is today's uniform, so I wore it. Besides... Jenna says I look good in it."

"I won't argue with the D.A.'s fashion consultant." Teresa said, making Cindy chuckle. Teresa then noticed that Cindy had not only insisted they walk, but that she was looking around avidly.

"Whatcha looking for?" Teresa asked.

"It may be a wild goose chase." Cindy said. "But I was thinking about that FBI file that was found here by Old Mrs. Boddiker. I wanted to see the layout. There's the bench, under the statue of President Jefferson." She pointed to the bench, which was about 1/3 of the way from the western edge of the Square in front of City Hall.

Teresa said "That's totally weird that a classified document would be left lying around. And the only place it could've come from is the Federal Building over there to the north."

"That's what I was thinking, too." said Cindy. "That it's totally weird for a classified file folder to be brought out into an open area like that. The FBI guys wouldn't bring them out of their offices area, even if they were allowed to. If anyone was carrying such stuff, it'd be in a locked briefcase at worst. And classified documents up to 'Secret' can be sent through the Post Office, by registered mail, but Don and Joanne both said this was classified 'Top Secret'."

"What do you make of it?" asked Teresa.

"I dunno." said Cindy. "I'm not a Troy, so I can't figure it out. I suspect Don already has, though..."

"Hello, ladies!" called out a voice behind them. The women whirled to find themselves being approached by two Town & County Council members: Pastor Raymond Westboro, chief pastor of the First Baptist Church; and Thomas P. Cook, entrepreneurial businessman.

After polite greetings, Pastor Westboro said "I am delighted to be able to congratulate you on your promotion, Captain Ross. The Council was very happy to hear that suggestion and act upon it."

"Thank you, sir, you're very kind." Cindy said politely.

"If you ladies are on your way to lunch, may Mr. Cook and I join you? My treat?" asked Westboro. Such an invitation from influential local politicians could not be refused, and soon the four were sitting at table outside of a bistro, with a nice view of Courthouse Square and the Federal Building on the other side.

Pastor Raymond Westboro was tall and slender, with iron gray hair on the sides but bald on top, a large forehead, and a beak nose under his octagonal spectacles. His eyes were bluish-gray and piercing, much like Commander Troy's, thought Cindy. She further thought that when wearing his clerical collar, as he was now, Westboro looked like a cross between a fatherly professor and some sort of macabre character from a house suited for The Addams Family.

"I was so sorry to hear of your father's passing, Lt. Croyle." said Pastor Westboro.

"Thank you." said Teresa politely. Cindy was a bit more skeptical.

"Pastor, how did you know about that?" the platinum blonde asked. "We haven't exactly advertised it around here."

Westboro smiled benignly as he said "I regularly speak with Police Chaplain Calvin. He mentioned that you had gone to your father's funeral." Chaplain Calvin was the Protestant chaplain for the entire Public Safety Department, though officially a Police Captain.

Thomas Cook took up the bit. "So, the Commander did not join you for lunch?"

Teresa answered before Cindy could stop her: "His wife's former husband, an Army general, passed away, and he's going to the funeral with her at Arlington National Cemetery."

"Ah, that is so sad." said Pastor Westboro. "I will pray for them, even though she is most definitely not a woman of the Lord."

Seeing the first bit of a glare in both Cindy and Teresa's eyes, Thomas P. Cook quickly moved to change the subject. "Ladies, the Council was very surprised to get a building request for secure doors for an underground tunnel between the Headquarters and Crime Lab. Are there any more such passages under there?"

"Not that I know of, sir." said Cindy, her eyes glancing over the Courthouse Square area as she talked and ate.

"I'm sure your Commander will find them if there are any." said Pastor Westboro. "He's a very brilliant man. So many successes solving what appeared to be difficult crimes, such as that bank robber from so many years back."

"Yes sir." said Teresa. "He found a connection between The Silverfish and the late Jonas Oldeeds's organization, and went from there."

"Ah yes, Jonas Oldeeds." said Westboro, his voice almost wistful. "I had the fortune to know him pretty well. He was quite a man, quite a man. A man of the Lord, and an inspiration to me when I think of how best to care for my flock. I remember when Commander Troy... he wasn't even a Lieutenant then... brought me and Steven Ikea to see Jonas." Westboro chuckled as he said "Of course I knew Jonas, but Steven was like a child meeting his boyhood idol. And then just a few moments later... Steven was witness to such tragedy."

"You know," said Thomas P. Cook. as if thinking about it, "I think that is one of the few crimes around here that the 'Iron Crowbar' has not solved. Does he not have any idea of what happened, and who killed the Reverend Oldeeds in our County?"
