 Stockholm, Sweden, Saturday evening

It is Saturday... how the hell did I end up alone in a hotel bar? My date cancelled at the last minute, that dick. All dressed up and no fun. I sipped on a martini, standing by the bar. Felt weird, standing there all alone... I considered just calling it a night, go home and curse all men. But hey, I am not leaving a drink I paid for, so I might as well hang around a while...

I bought a new dress and everything for this date...even skipped my thong, prepared for fun tonight... suddenly I felt under-dressed. The bartender glanced at me, I probably looked lost. I was not used to standing in a bar alone... but hey, live and learn I thought to myself, sipping my drink

And then I realised that I wasn't technically alone - a short distance to my left stood a man, seemingly oblivious to my presence and concentrating on a book, a dark red drink of some kind sitting close by. He was in his late 40s or early 50s, with salt-and-pepper hair, slightly curly. He wasn't exactly dressed up, but wore a well-cut dark grey suit, crisp white shirt and a somewhat flamboyant silk tie that seemed to be his attempt to assert his individuality in a grey business world. His only concession to the fact that he was no longer in a client meeting was the fact that his top shirt button was undone, and his tie just slightly loosened. I studied him, mentally contrasting our sartorial choices, and wondering what on earth his red drink might be...

I returned to my martini, studying myself in the mirror behind the ranks of bottles at the bar. Shit - I'm hot, I thought. And that was not all that I was thinking, as I felt the familiar tingle begin between my smooth and barely-covered lips...

I had finished my drink by now, and the bartender asked if i wanted another. I looked to my side and pointed 'I think I will have what he is having, looks tasty.' The man showed no sign of hearing me, reading his book, looking really focused on his reading.

'Sorry to bother you...' I almost whispered. 'But could you tell me what that drink is?'

I looked up from my book. 'Oh, this? Just an Americano, with a twist. You are welcome to taste it, if you like.'

'Thank you,' I responded, with a hint of a smile. I thought I saw the same pass across his lips. I reached over and picked up the glass - cold, wet with condensation from the ice and, on closer inspection, sporting the subtlest of twists of bitter orange peel. His eyes followed the glass as I raised it to my lips... and then could feel them settle on those lips as I took the tiniest of sips. I looked playfully at him as I did so, the bittersweet liquid creating an explosion of flavour in my mouth. His eyes lifted and met mine.

'So... what do you think? I'm told it's an acquired taste...' I said, again allowing just a hint of a smile to play on my lips.

'It tasted great, never tried it before.' I smiled as the bartender served me my drink. 'Good thing it tasted good, otherwise my order would have been stupid. Nice to try new things now and then. Again, sorry to pull you away from your book.'

'Hey - no worries, it's not that great anyway. It's always good to have the chance to talk to someone new when I'm travelling - can get so bloody tedious in the evenings with nothing to do but sip cocktails and read novels!' The book is good, yes, but suddenly this girl is talking to me and it doesn't seem quite so interesting any more. I mean... I know I'm the only guy in the bar and maybe she feels embarrassed to be sitting there in silence on her own... but she really is stunning. And that dress! Makes this godforsaken place rather more appealing, I must say!

'So you like Americanos, do you? That says quite a lot about a woman, in my experience...'

'You think so? Guess not everyone likes the taste, but I totally got a new favorite drink. So cheers!' I raise my glass a little, looking at him. I thought this would be a terrible night, funny how things change so fast...

'Yes, it's bittersweet, subtle and sensuous with a hint of adventure, even if that does sound like a bad bit of marketing...' I said, proffering my glass towards hers to chink. 'To a new adventure, here of all places! I'm Stephen, by the way.'

'Hi Stephen..I am Linnéa, friends call me Nea. Nice to meet you.' I looked in his eyes.

'Nice to meet you, Nea, if I may call you that.' She was looking straight into my eyes and I looked back... for a moment longer just politeness would allow. Deep brown eyes, somehow a contrast to her golden hair. Intense eyes, with a look that seemed to be saying... what, exactly?

He looked back at me, I almost felt embarrassed. Did he pick up on my thoughts...? No, get a grip... I looked back down at my drink, almost blushing.

Did she just blush? Surely not... I must be imagining it.

'So, Nea, other than sharing Americanos with strange men, what do you do for fun?' I asked - hey, what have I got to lose?

'Oh, the usual stuff... party, shopping, travel... boring, right?' I smiled, sipping on my drink. 'You, what do you do, besides helping strange girls choose drinks?'

'I'm a consultant - I tell my clients how to do what they do, better... And when I'm not doing that I like to see the sights, and occasionally those sights are rather more special.'

'I see... and what kind of sights do you like the most...?'

'That's an interesting question... I guess I tend to like beauty in all its forms... valleys, mountains, gorges... and the occasional stream. I love places where you have to hunt a while before you find how to get in but then, once you do, you find yourself surrounded by sheer delight.'

I smile, looking at him. 'Very well put... you have a way with words. I like it. Find any of that here yet...?'

'Stockholm's pretty flat, really, although the water everywhere does make it pleasantly... humid. Locally, there are some very aesthetic undulations, though...' I let my gaze fall from her eyes towards her cleavage, hoping that she wouldn't notice (or maybe hoping that she would). Her dress, clearly economical in its use of materials, was cut in such a way as to present her breasts as though on offer to the spectator. I looked back up at her eyes. She smiled a knowing smile, with a hint of naughtiness that was not without its effect on me.

Judging by his eyes wandering over me, I would say my new dress worked... I smiled at him as I adjusted one shoulder strap on the dress. 'Glad to hear that Stephen, don't want you to only see the boring side of this city...'

'No... I find that every city, no matter how dull (and I would not of course put Stockholm in that category), has the most sensuous sights and experiences to offer.' She had adjusted one of the shoulder straps on her dress, which had the effect of revealing a touch more of her mesmerising figure. I had to force myself not to stare, tongue hanging out... but managed to maintain my composure and what I liked to think was an intriguing simulation of distance. 'Are there any places you like to explore when you feel in need of stimulation?' I wasn't sure of her reaction to the increasingly blatant suggestion in my words. But - what the heck - I had nothing to lose. I studied her face as she considered my question.

'Oh, I would say most places work if you are in the right mood.' I smiled at him, not entirely sure he was saying what I thought he was... better keep it vague, don't want to come off as a... well... over-eager girl. But by now I was very intrigued by this man...

'Oh yes... that is undoubtedly true! The right mood makes almost anything fun... and makes some things positively... superlative.' The Americano was starting to loosen my tongue... god knows what I'd say next. But, as I kept reminding myself, I had very little to lose at this point and, just possibly, judging by the most alluring creature in front of me, quite a lot to gain. 'Have you eaten?' I asked her, casually, '...only they say that the tapas here are the best in Stockholm.' Again, I studied her face - still showing hints of a blush - for a reaction. This was turning into a most fascinating evening.

'Actually, I haven't. That would explain the drink going straight to my head...' I smiled. 'They are stronger than they look...' I sipped the last of my drink.

'Well, unless you're in a hurry, perhaps you'd like to join me to sample some?' I asked, smiling more warmly. The place was empty, and along one edge of the bar was a long bench with tables, strewn with cushions, that looked rather inviting. At one end was a very modern, Scandinavian design open fire with very modern, Scandinavian flames playing neatly within.

'I am in no rush... would be happy to join you. I never tried the food here, so it will be a first for me too.' I looked in his eyes again... no blushing this time, the drinks probably helped...

'I'm so glad... shall we sit over there...?' I gestured towards the long bench. She smiled, nodded, and turned to walk towards the table area. As she moved, I could have sworn that she was wearing nothing underneath her dress, which as a result clung to her body in the most erotic way. From the back, her curves were just as appealing as they were from the front. I tried to hold my imagination in check as I followed her...

I walked over to the tables, hoping he liked what he saw. I did like the attention, I will admit that. What is the point of buying a nice dress otherwise? 'Here?' I pointed towards one of the benches near us.

'Why not?' I said, watching as she sat. I walked up to the bench and sat next to her (I had noticed that this area did not offer any other seating possibility), but not too close. I didn't want her to feel crowded or pressured... But I was beginning to sense that it wouldn't be too long before I got considerably closer. STOP IT! the little voice inside said to me... She's half your age and clearly would see nothing in you whatsoever. Just focus on choosing some tasty food and think of finishing your book! But somehow I wasn't sure the little voice was right this time...

'This is nice, no one disturbing us...' I opened the menu. There was only one menu at the table, so he moved closer so we both could see. I almost felt his breath on my shoulder...is this smart? Getting involved like this with a stranger... older too. But... it felt so right. What the hell, go with the flow...

She had opened the only menu available, so I moved slightly closer to be able to read it. As I skimmed over the text, my eyes caught sight of her hemline... her very short hemline that revealed some rather shapely legs... I corrected my glance and tried to focus on the choices available...

'Well... they seem to have some quite interesting dishes,' I offered by way of conversation. My mind, however, was not on the food. I could feel my breathing getting heavier and was sure she would notice... 'do you have any particular preferences?' I could feel the warmth of her body through the thin material of her dress, and sitting beside her gave me an even more generous view of her breasts. Gentlemen though I am, I could not help but notice that her nipples were erect and poking gently at the material... unencumbered as they were by a bra. As she moved, they moved subtly too. She turned to look at me and I managed, just in time I think, to move my eyes back to the menu.

'I eat most things... maybe I will try some sushi. I have recently learned to appreciate that taste, never cared for it before.' He looked at me and smiled. His eyes wandered a bit... which I did not mind. 'And you, anything you fancy?'

'Mmm... sushi sounds good. Let's start with that.' I gestured to the waiter and ordered a plate of assorted sushi. '... and could we have the wine list, please?'

She didn't seem to mind that I was being ever less discreet about my hungry glances at her, that were really starting to push the boundaries of polite interaction. She turned slightly to face me, her full lips slightly parted, and looked again at me with what was - surely - something approaching lust in her eyes. I may sometimes kid myself about such things but this was almost as blatant as my appreciation of her curves...

Facing him, he smiled. I tried to keep my composure, but was not sure I did that well. The connection between us was obvious by now.

So I tried the old trick... a subtle touch on her arm to see if she recoiled. Testing the waters. She did not. In fact, her hand touched my arm back. She smiled, and moved her lips just a little closer. They were so close that there could be no ambiguity now. I leaned towards her and let my lips touch hers, gently. Her response was immediate as she started to kiss me hungrily... and I did the same... We were oblivious to the surroundings (thankfully, an empty bar) as we sucked on each other's lips, our tongues explored and we forgot time and place.

Until we heard a clearing of the throat - the waiter had returned with the wine list. We attempted each to regain composure as if nothing had happened, and I took the list from him. Nea was slightly breathless... her red lipstick slightly smeared, and one thin strap had slipped down from her shoulder. Goodness knows how I looked! A knowing smile and look of complicity passed between us as we turned to the wine list.

Suddenly I was all over him, in a kiss like there was no tomorrow... pure lust. When the waiter brought the wine list I felt all out of breath... but tried to seem calm. Inside my heart was racing. Wow, that was a great kiss... I adjusted myself, trying to stay focused on the wine list.

'I was thinking of a dry white,' I said, although actually I was thinking of something rather less dry, 'would you like that?' She looked out of breath after our kiss - quite a spectacular kiss actually - and was trying to arrange the atoms of her dress into something almost decent. As she thought about her response, I put my hand on her leg, under the table. I felt her part her legs imperceptibly, but invitingly nonetheless. The waiter returned to take our wine order. I looked quizzically at her, and she nodded, apparently temporarily unable to speak. 'A bottle of the Sancerre, please,' I said to him with a smile. He strode off. My hand remained where I had ventured to place it - undisturbed. The skin of her leg was soft and smooth... and I allowed my touch to wander northward... encouraged by a further parting of her toned thighs...

His hand on my leg felt perfect. He looked in my eyes as he moved it up against my leg. I bit my lip, looking back. I did not think this evening would turn out like this... he smiled at me. I felt my body responding to his touch...

As my hand continued its exploration, her skin got softer, until finally my finger brushed against something warm and moist... and deliciously soft. My observation had been correct... she was wearing nothing under her dress, and now my finger was touching her soft and smooth pussy. I ran my finger delicately along... feeling the slight wetness that I knew carried the promise of infinitely more the moment I parted her inner lips and allowed myself to enter. As I did this, I could feel her breathing become rougher.

His hand slightly touched my pussy... this is amazing. I even let out a whispering 'fuck...' as I felt him. God... this is not like me...

The waiter returned with the Sancerre and presented it for my approval. I nodded without even glancing at the label, my finger still resting close to her clit, invisible from where he stood. He poured a small amount into my glass and, somewhat inelegantly as I was using my left hand, I picked up the glass and sipped the wine. It was surprisingly aromatic, yet dry. I nodded to him, and he quickly poured two glasses. And, thankfully, disappeared again. Nea leant forward to take her glass... I sensed that she needed a moment to reassess the situation... and I did the same. We raised our glasses. 'To tonight...' I said... and moved my finger just a little closer to her clit, which by now had emerged to greet me. Her wetness was quite intoxicating. I removed my finger, brought it to my lips, and sucked her juice from it. She was just as delicious as I had imagined.

As we got our wine, I sipped some. By now I was horny as never before, so I could barely feel the taste of the wine. Doing this at a restaurant... crazy. But crazy good... I looked at him, as he tasted me. Oh yes...this was going to be an amazing evening I think...

I let my finger, ever so gently, trace a path around her clit. Then I moved it down... gently probing for her opening... and then I found it... She was so wet that my finger plunged in and was quickly enveloped in sweet moisture... hot and slippery. I turned my hand palm upwards, and let the tip of my finger explore her... Seeking that magic spot... She seemed to be enjoying this as much as I was.

'Stephen... you are gonna make me fucking cum if you go on...' I whispered. Feeling my breathing getting heavier...

At that moment, the waiter appeared with our sushi. With as much elegance as I could muster in the circumstances, I withdrew my finger, sucked it clean, turned towards Nea and smiled. She was quite flushed... and muttering something about cumming. No bad thing, I thought... I pulled her to me and kissed her again... deeply, whispering in her ear 'I will make you fucking cum, over and over... until you can't take any more.'

I looked at him... damn I was so hot by now. I could have climbed on top of him right there... but I stayed calm. Well... not calm at all really. I was out of breath...

We both paused for breath. 'Maybe we should eat something?' I offered, for want of anything else to say. Besides, I knew that we would need energy for what was to come. She nodded, silently, still apparently close to orgasm and struggling to maintain her outward composure. There is nothing more beautiful, to me, than a woman overcome with sexual pleasure. And this woman was beautiful. She leaned forward and unwrapped the black chopsticks, her hands trembling. As she reached for the soy sauce, her dress rode up a few centimeters, and I could see the wetness on her inner thigh. I knew that she was mine and that the evening would be one to remember... and repeat.

For some minutes, we sat in silence and ate small morsels of sushi. The intense heat of the wasabi only accentuated the power of the sexual energy that was poised to flow between us as soon as we allowed it to. Sweetness of her juices lingered on my palate, adding an extra dimension to my enjoyment, and heightening my anticipation of what was ahead.

The sushi was good I guess, my mind was wandering the whole time... still thinking about how he said that i would 'cum, over and over...' Fuck i needed that. Most younger guys i dated was more of the 'wham bam' kind of guys...a mature man knows to take his time...

Finally, after what seemed like an eternity , but must in reality have been no more than three or four small rectangles of fish on cold rice, it was clear to both of us that the time had come to take our mutual exploration to a new level. I leaned across to Nea and kissed her briefly on the lips, allowing my tongue a sensuous excursion to caress hers. 'Would you like to see the view from my room? It's rather good; you can see the place where they give out the Nobel prizes.' I smiled at her in a way they I hoped made clear that Nobel prizes were the last thing on my mind.

'Oh I would love to... I hear the rooms here are really nice...' I smiled...

'Follow me,' I said, and started to walk towards the lifts. Nea stood and almost ran after me.
