 Dave sat quietly at the table, trying not to look up. Next to him, his girlfriend, Joan, was mercilessly massaging his crotch as she carried on a long conversation with her mother. Dave's rather large tool was now at full attention, but that was not the part that bothered him.

To Dave's left at the table was Joan's younger sister, Renee. Dave was sure he could feel Renee's foot sliding up and down his calf. He couldn't look at her to make sure. She had said nothing since he arrived with Joan for Christmas Eve dinner. This was his first visit to the Jennings' home, and he was extremely nervous.

He had been dating Joan for a few months at NYU and their relationship was little more than that of "fuck-buddies". But when he had told her that he wouldn't be able to make it home for the holidays, she insisted that he come to Connecticut with her.

When he first arrived, Dave had noticed the striking resemblance between the Jennings women. All three were fairly tall, about 5'9", very slim with nearly white blonde hair and fantastic legs.

Dave shifted slightly as Joan grabbed his dick hard. She enjoyed these little games and hoped he would fuck up somehow. Joan relaxed her attacks momentarily, placing her hand on his knee.

Suddenly, Dave felt a hand on his other leg. Without changing her expression in the least, Renee was dragging her fingernails along his thigh. Dave began to squirm and Joan took this as a cue to begin fondling him again. He sat paralyzed as the two sisters' hands inched towards his crotch.

Since he dressed left, it was Renee's hand which won the race to his manhood. Her fingernails moving along the outline of his shaft before she gripped the now rigid tool through his khakis. Dave sat up with a start, causing Joan to remove her hand from his leg. Yet Renee continued to coolly massage Dave's turgid member without hesitation.

"Is there something the matter, David?" the girls' mother questioned.

"He's just a little jumpy," Joan giggled. David was still amazed how at 22, Joan still behaved like a 12 year old 90% of the time. His mind, however, was quickly brought to the events at the table as Renee pinched his cockhead hard.

"Joan, we really should get going if we're going to get to the mall," Mrs. Jennings announced, standing up from the table. She shot an icy glare at Dave, who merely shifted uneasily in his chair until Renee released him.

"Will you be okay without me, baby?" Joan asked, rubbing against him, pressing her stomach into his crotch.

"I think I'll be fine," he responded, walking her to the door. He glanced over his shoulder and saw Renee standing in the kitchen archway, hands clasped behind her back. Dave noticed that her expression never changed as she stood there, shifting her weight from one foot to the other.

"Don't worry about her," Joan insisted, kissing him on the ear. "She's harmless. She's been this way since Daddy left. She'll probably lock herself in her room until we get back."

As the red tail lights disappeared down the road, Dave turn to face Renee once again. She now stood at the base of the main stairs, hand on the banister. For the first time that evening, Dave felt he could look at her without fear of being caught. At 18, Renee was ever bit the physical specimen as Joan or Mrs. Jennings, for that matter. She wore a long black dress, slit on either side a few inches above the knee. The dress accentuated her young, firm curves very nicely while remaining far more modest than the skin tight, low-cut outfit Joan had worn to dinner. Renee's long blonde hair jutted out from the back of her head in a severe ponytail, accentuating her somewhat elfin features.

She placed her foot on the second stair, the slit in the dress climbing up her leg momentarily, revealing her smooth muscular thigh for an instant before she turned and began walking up the steps. Renee stopped halfway, her head barely turning to the side. As David watched, her lips parted momentarily and a thin, bewitching smile spread across her face.

Dave's heart began to pound as he stood at the bottom of the stairs, watching Renee disappear into the darkness of the second floor. He placed his foot on the steps. This is the point of no return, he thought.

Was she simply teasing him? Dave felt his manhood stiffen and rub against his leg as he climbed the stairs. Reaching the top, he saw Renee, sitting on the edge of her bed, knees inward yet slightly apart, leaving both of her legs exposed to the middle of her thighs. She slowly removed her hair from her ponytail, and Dave watched as the long, golden locks cascaded down over her shoulders.

His breathing was growing harder, and he could feel his manhood leading him closer. Renee looked up at him, her eyes soft and inviting as she ran her hand along his thigh and over his bulge. Dave shuddered softly at the touch. As he watched she deftly undid his belt and unzipped his pants, sliding her hand inside his boxers until her cool fingers met his warm, hard cock. He let out a soft groan and Renee smiled, sliding his pants down to his knees with her other hand.

Soon she had him exposed, his long thick tool resting in her hand. She inspected it as if it were a rare specimen of some sort, pulling her hand along the length, feeling his veins pulse against her palm. Renee weighed him in her hand, and tightened her grip slightly, causing a large drop of pre-cum to ooze from his tip. As Dave held his breath, Renee leaned over and wrapped her tongue around his full smooth head and sampled his juice. She purred like a contented kitten as she kissed his cock, allowing her lips to engulf his head ever so slowly. Dave felt as if he were going to burst as she slowly took him deeper and deeper into her mouth, deeper than Joan had ever taken him, until her nose was buried in his pubic hair. His nine and a half inches firmly planted in her throat.

Dave moaned in ecstasy as Renee flicked her tongue against the underbelly of his shaft, slowly drawing it out of her mouth. Renee leaned back against the bed, lifting her skirt above her waist, exposing her wet shaved pussy to Dave's hungry eyes. He knew what she wanted. In a flash, Dave was on his knees, licking her womanhood up and down. Renee brought her legs over his shoulders and began pressing her hips against his face. He focused his attention on her clitoris, nibbling and sucking until she violently grabbed at his head. Her breathing became more ragged and suddenly a high-pitched sigh escaped her lips. Her orgasm rose, her thighs clenching around his face as Dave sampled the juices now flowing freely from her.

As her orgasm subsided, Renee sat on her knees on the bed, slowly pulling her dress over her head. To Dave's surprise, she wore nothing beneath it. Her breasts stood up proudly from her chest, needing no support whatsoever. Renee lowered herself onto her hands and he promptly mounted her, thrusting his manhood into her waiting pussy without hesitation. She groaned as he entered into her sex, feeling his giant rod stretch her to the limits.

Soon they were fucking like animals, digging nails into flesh. No words were spoken, only grunts and groans communicating their mutual desire. Dave slammed into her furiously, driving his engorged manhood deeper with every thrust. He felt her beginning to tighten up as another orgasm approached. Reaching around, he grabbed ahold of her nipples and twisted them. A pleasure-filled scream filled the room as Renee thrashed on the bed, submitting to the orgasm with every part of her being.

Dave's cock began to swell and Renee, sensing it, turned herself over, spreading her legs to allow him to continue pounding her. Dave felt the cum building in his balls, aching to escape. Renee's mouth opened in a wide 'o' as he began to grunt louder and louder. Finally, he pulled himself from her and shot his load across her taut stomach. He moaned and sighed as he covered her torso with his seed. Renee simply smiled. Reaching down with her finger, she scooped up his cum and brought it to her lips, licking it off with a silent smirk. She proceeded to lick his shaft and fingers clean, not sparing a drop of his juice. When she finished, she simply stood and walked to the bathroom, not saying a word, leaving Dave with only the sight of her firm, apple-ass as she closed the door.

Half an hour later, Dave sat in the living room watching television as Joan and her mother pulled into the driveway. Renee was still upstairs, and he was getting nervous. She hadn't said a word to him. What was she going to do?

As the two women entered through the garage, Dave offered to help carrying the packages, but was swiftly rebuffed. "I don't want you seeing what I bought for you!" Joan giggled.

"Did you find everything to your satisfaction while we were gone, David?" Mrs. Jennings asked, raising an eyebrow.

"Yes, just fine…" Dave stammered as he noticed Renee coming down the stairs dressed in an over-sized grey sweatshirt and jeans.

"You didn't scare him, did you Renee?" Joan asked her younger sister.

Renee shook her head, "No, we had a pretty good time," she said, smiling. "He practically filled me with the holiday spirit!"