 I was teasing him and I knew it.

I moved just as slow as I could removing my stockings. With practiced expertise I opened my legs just enough to get his attention but not far enough for him to see anything except maybe a quick glimpse of my pink panties. I carefully placed the stockings in my shoes and looked up at him with a gracious smile. He was grinning at me very self-consciously. His hands were crossed to in front of him in a vain attempt to hide his erection. He was fully clothed except for his coat with was lying on the only other chair in the room.

My pink, sleeveless dress had a single clasp just below the neck in the back. I went to him, turned around and held up my hair so he could undo it. With as much grace as I could muster, I slid it off over my head, carefully folded it and placed it on the chair with his coat. When I turned around I could see that he hadn't moved at all. His eyes had grown larger and so had the lump in his trousers. He just stood there as I busied myself undoing his tie. I put my arms around his neck and kissed him with an open mouth that invited his tounge. When I started on his belt buckle he began to help by unbuttoning his shirt. When I finished with his belt, I undid the top bottom of his fly and ran the zipper down. With a quick motion, I pulled down his pants and his jockey shorts.

I was on my knees, facing the biggest cock I had ever seen. It was as big around as my wrist and at least 10 inches long. It was so big that even fully erect it couldn't support itself and was hanging at a 45 degree angle. I was completely overwhelmed by its presence. It took me a minute or two before I re-gained my senses, cupped it in my hands and gave it a kiss on the helmet. I tried to put it in my mouth but the best I could do was to get the head and just a little of the shaft.

Although he was basically nude he still had his shoes and socks on and was standing in his trousers and underclothes. Putting his hands on my shoulders, he raised me to a standing position, turned me around and began to remove my bra. I removed my panties as he stepped out of his trousers and removed his shoes and socks.

He lay on the bed and asked me to sit on his face, looking towards the head of the bed, away from his cock. He had a magic tongue and he used it like a magician, swirling, probing, licking and plunging. With one hand he was massaging my breasts and tweaking my nipples. Although I couldn't see it, I knew that the other hand was doing the same to his cock.

As good as his tongue felt, I began to wonder if I was going to be able to take him inside of me. He must have guessed my thoughts for he said "don't worry, we'll take it slow and easy and see what happens."

Reluctantly, I slid off his face and backwards down his chest until I encountered the object of my concern. I raised my bottom up until my pussy was poised directly over it with the head just between my lips. My juice mixed with his pre-come created a lubricant the gave us the ability to accomplish this killer task. Slowly, inch by inch, with me twisting back and forth it slid deep into my pussy. It must have taken three or four minutes for me to get it all inside but I did. Now that it was there, I was almost afraid to move but slowly I raised a little and then sat back down. It felt pretty good, so I tried it again. Then again and again and again. I was now bucking up-and-down with wild abandon. When he came, I thought he would shoot me off like a rocket, his semen was so copious. I followed him only seconds later and tried to collapse onto his chest but was held almost in-place by his cock.

It finally wilted and I dismounted. It still looked massive lying there soft. I couldn't help myself, I took it in my mouth, all of it, and savored the sweet flavor of his cum and my pussy juice.

"You know, there are very few women who can take me. Thank you very much"

"Thank you hell, you owe me 250 bucks buster!"