 As we walked out of the house, I lit a cigarette.

“Do you mind if I smoke this in your car,” I asked shyly, using the harsh winter weather to get him to stick around for even just a few moments more.

“Sure, no problem hun,” he replied eagerly.

He walked around to the passenger side of the car, opening the door for me before hurrying around to the driver side, shaking the snow off as he got in.

I feigned coldness still as I slid closer to him, whispering that he should warm me up. Glancing up, I saw him grinning as he moved closer across the front bench seat of his car, placing a light kiss on my forehead. I closed my eyes as he did this, accepting this sweet show of affection, laying my head on his shoulder.

God he was good looking, I thought to myself, staring up at his chiseled face. Dark Italian skin, deep brown eyes that seemed to go on forever with a smile that lit up his whole face.

We locked eyes for what seemed like an eternity, both too shy to make the first move. I still don’t know who it was, him or me, but our lips touched with electricity. His tongue teasingly licking my lips, his strong arms wrapped around me, his lips soft on mine. I felt teeth gently biting at my lips, nibbling ever so softly. His tongue caressing the tender spots his teeth just left. 

I opened my mouth wider sucking in his tongue playfully, beckoning him into my mouth, leaving him wishing it was something else I had my lips wrapped around. He kissed me harder, his tongue caressing mine rougher, deeper, his mouth drawing my tongue into his. His hands slid to my head where they lingered in my hair, running through the silky strands.

We slowly slid lower on the seat until I was sprawled out beneath him, my hair carelessly tousled, my shirt half pulled down from the move. My heart beating, fast, my body screaming for him.

He moved at a slow pace. Kissing my forehead, my eyelids, my cheek, my neck, my ears. His saliva, leaving cool traces on my skin where his hot lips were mere seconds ago. His hands roaming over my shoulders, my neck, tracing the curves of my delicate shoulders, seductively, lingering over my hot spots, barely caressing the smooth arc of my jaw line, his fingers then mindlessly caressing my parted lips, the tip dipping gently into my hot mouth, my tongue circling his salty finger, my mouth then closing around it, sucking it into me, my teeth gently scraping the soft pads of the tips, making him hotter, needier, but not more hurried. He withdrew his finger, replacing it with his tongue.

His hands roamed leisurely over my body, working my shirt down lower until my breasts sprung free, the cold night air making my nipples stand hard at attention. His calloused hand, grabbing roughly, squeezing, caressing, pinching my nipples, rolling them gently in his fingers. I moan hoarsely, enjoying the contrast between his rough pinches and gentle touches. His other hand wrapped in my hair, pulling my head back as his lips move from my mouth to my neck, which is glistening with sweat. His tongue laps at me, tasting the saltiness of my burning skin. He works his way lower as I push up into him, my body begging for his mouth to keep moving, needing to feel his hot breath on my breasts, his scorching tongue on my nipples, his teeth gently tugging. He takes the hint, finally giving into my silent demands.  His searing mouth engulfing my firm breasts, first one, then the other, the cool air giving me chills as it glides over my wet skin. His other hand grabbing my heart shaped ass.

His actions grow more hasty, his body wordlessly betraying him, I see the lust in his eyes as he looks up at me, I feel his hardness pushing against me, driving me wild, adding to my mounting frustration. His head moves lower, his tongue dancing over my taunt stomach, drawing circles over my sensitive skin, his hands both now on my breasts, cupping them from underneath, his thumbs rubbing my erect nipples. His stubble, scratching my skin, leaving it red as his face brushes against me. His hands follow his mouth, working their way down to the waistband of my jeans. My heart is racing, my body begging for it, my mind reeling with excitement. His fingers trace my skin against my jeans, teasing me for what seems like an eternity, dipping in once or twice, driving me even wilder. Finally, he tugs the zipper down, the sound of it, echoing, giving me chills. His hands reach behind me and tug off my skin tight jeans, leaving me exposed for him. He sits back, taking it all in, his eyes roaming over my half naked body squirming underneath him, his gaze never leaving my hands as they drift over my breasts, cupping them tenderly, squeezing my nipples gently. He lowers his face between my legs and exhales on my panty covered crotch, sending more chills down my spine. His tongue darts out, teasingly licking my covered lips. He inhales, basking in my musky scent. I groan at the sight of him between my legs, bringing his attention back up to me, waking him from his fantasy. He slowly lowers his hand between my legs, pulling the cloth to one side, his other hand, working its way down from my exposed breasts, across my stomach to my tight pussy, the lips puffy and slick with my juices. He slides first one icy finger inside of me, then another, opening me up to him. I spread my legs, giving him better access, as his fingers work me, sliding in and out, the pace increasing, building me up, then slowing down, teasingly holding me on the brink of orgasm. 

He starts up again, thrusting harder and deeper each time until my lithe body is wriggling beneath him in pleasure. One arm thrown haphazardly above my head, grasping onto the door handle for leverage, the other strewn around his neck, pulling him into me for a heated kiss. As his tongue enters my parched mouth, I arch my back, gasping into his mouth in sheer ecstasy My body shudders in mounting orgasm, he reaches down, lightly tracing little circles on my clit, prolonging the intensity. I fall back onto the seat, short of breath, eyes wild with lust, my skin slick and shiny in the moonlight, my hair matted to my face. A sigh escaped my arid lips as he brings his fingers to my mouth, coated in my juices, I accept the welcome treat eagerly, my taste lingering in my mouth as he leans down, tenderly kissing me, slowly, first my closed eye lids, then my lips, I open my mouth. Letting his silky tongue enter, wondering if my taste is still strong on my lips, wondering if he wants more of it. I feel his hardness brushing against my naked stomach, his jeans, rubbing raw against me. I want him, in my mouth, want to taste him. I lean forward, thrusting my tongue deeper into his mouth, pushing him off of me. My hands reach behind him, one running through his hair, pulling gently, the other slides to the side of his face. He pulls back, taking in the sight of the naked woman before him. He notices the shivers the cold sends up my spine. Grabbing his coat, he wraps it around me, pulling me into him, warming me up. I laid there in his arms for a few minutes, his breath warm on the back of my neck, listening to him breathing. His hand reaches around to my face, pulling my gaze to his.

“That was beautiful,” he whispers so low I can barely hear him.

I can’t even find the words to agree, I silently nod my head, my eyes showing my appreciation.

“I have to go baby,” he whispers even lower, “can I see you tomorrow?”

“I’d like that,’ I reply, smiling mischievously, “maybe then I can repay you for tonight.”

He laughs, his whole face lighting up with his sexy smile.

“You don’t have to do that, watching you cum was payment enough.”

Hesitantly I reply, “I want to.”

He leans in for a kiss, I teasingly lick and nibble his lips, then playfully push him away. 

“Let me get dressed, or you might not be leaving after all,” I tell him, half joking, half serious.

He helps me find my clothes, and helps me put them on. Fully dressed, I lean over and give him a kiss goodbye.

He withdrawals, licking his lips.

“You taste good. I want some more of that tomorrow,” he murmurs.

I laugh as I get out of the car and walk back to the house, still glowing, my mind still reeling, my body even more racked with lust for him.