 After the first time having my cock inside Beth, it was all I could think about. She was cute and horny, and knew how to suck a cock like a pro. It was getting me so horny that I was getting back into fucking Jane a bit more. I was always thinking of Beth though, the taste of her tongue in my mouth, or the feeling of sliding two fingers deep into her wet slit.

It was far from easy to find the time to do what Beth and I really wanted though. Thankfully, we had mobile phones, and although this was before camera phones were as common as they are now, we sent each other plenty of messages detailing all the dirty things we wanted to do to each other, and arranging any time we could get together.

We hung out in the same social circle, and lived close enough together that walking home in the same direction was always doable, just not exactly easy to do it alone. The first time we managed it, it was a dark and chilly night, and we'd left the pub only ten minutes after everyone else. I'd made a point about not wanting to chug almost a whole pint after drinking all night before that, so I was covered. Beth just wandered out to smoke as people were getting ready to leave, and made herself scarce until it was just the two of us.

All night we'd been pinging each other with texts. I'd tell her, "go to the bathroom, stick to fingers in your pussy, then lick them clean in front of me." She'd be on her feet in no time, and walk back with a swagger, sitting in my eye line, sucking her fingers that I could clearly see were already sticky.

From her, "can't see the line of your cock through your pants, adjust yourself and try and get hard." Of course, knowing what was running through her mind had me at semi hard anyway, but pulling my cock up a little made it twitch and swell, knowing she was enjoying the view. "That cock is gonna disappear down my throat when get out of here." And of course I'd then have to make myself scarce, using a pub toilet cubicle to stoke my thick cock while re-reading her messages. Squeezing as it throbbed and new messages came through, "I can feel the dampness in my panties, might go take them off."

Of course, that meant I knew she'd be heading to the bathroom herself, so I stuffed my cock back down, knowing it would still be throbbing and more than visible as I exited, but hoped to run into her. She was swaggering towards the facilities as I walked out, so I slowed down and as we passed her hand snaked out, fingertips grazing the thick meat hidden by my jeans. Hy hand slipped between her thighs, feeling the heat but aching to get a drop of her juices onto my fingers.

She moaned from just the fleeting pressure of my fingers, and I had to stop myself from grabbing her and pulling her in for a kiss.

With everyone else already on their way, it just left Beth and I, and the moment we were round the corner from the pub, we were kissing. Full, open mouth kisses, two tongues working against each other, lips sucking on tongues and teeth nibbling lips. Her hands were behind my neck, pulling me so close I was surprised my lips didn't bleed! I had one hand behind her head, hand already balled up into a fist, tugging slightly on her hair, loving every little gasp and whine that she breathed into my mouth.

Would that we could have just fucked each other senseless then and there, but there were too many people around. We reluctantly pulled apart, smiled, and she took my hand and we started the walk home. We knew the route, but had previously planned a detour. There was an industrial estate just off the beaten path, and it being the middle of the night, we figured we'd manage to find somewhere around there that would offer enough privacy for us to explore each others bodies.

After a few minutes - took longer than planned as neither of us could resist stopping to kiss whenever we got the chance - we turned off the main road, and down a side street, quickly dipping between two buildings to a dark alleyway. Thankfully, not too dark though, as the street lights were still close enough for me to see the beautiful girl in front of me. Our lips were locked in an instant, heads tilted so we could get as close as possible, tongues working with a passion as i moved my hands to my waist and popped the top button and tore the fly down. with one hand I pushed my boxers down allowing my already rock hard cock to spring free, the other grabbed Beth's hand and pulled it towards my thick member, which she quickly started to jerk off.

With both hands free again it was time to push Beth's jeans and panties down. Last time we'd been able to fool around, the idea of getting caught meant I was moving quickly and trying to make it as easy as possible to repair any clothing dishevelment. This time, with no one around, as soon as her fly was down, I pushed the waistband of both jeans and panties down passed her hips. My right hand quickly cupped her pussy, so fats in was more of a slap, but not only did I love the sensation, she whimper of pleasure into my mouth from Beth's assured me she liked it even more.

My other hand worked around her back, pulling an arse cheek to one side so I could tease her tight little hole while fingering her gushing twat. It was already so wet that I was once again able to slip two fingers in with ease, and started to vigorously finger fuck her cunny. "Oh, fuck! Fuck me! Harder, mmmmmm." She just couldn't concentrate on kissing me while my fingers worked in and out of her dripping cunt, one hand was holding me for support, while the other tugged desperately at my cock. More than a drop of cum was already on the smooth head, her thumb rubbing it while she lifted a leg to give me better access to her holes.

While I brought her closer to release, my finger teased at her puckered arse, feeling it twitch and clench as she came closer. I couldn't resist. Her sex was so wet, the juices had flowed down my fingers to pool in the palm of my hand, and more than enough had been spread back to her arse to allow me to easily start to work the tip of a finger into the tight, clenched hole.

I knew she was close, when words were no longer being formed, just grunts that turned into wails, and eventually screams. if anyone was nearby, there was no way we wouldn't see them coming over to investigate the noise, but neither of us cared. As she screamed her orgasm into my ear, I had two fingers curled inside her sex, pleasuring the rough skin of her G-spot, while another finger was already knuckle deep in her gorgeously tight arse.

Feeling her pulse and twitch around my fingers was almost too much for me. If she'd been paying any more attention to my cock other than squeezing it while she came, I'd have probably splashed my load down the side of her leg! Thankfully, she was more than happy to do what she could for me, and with her jeans still hanging down her hips she dropped to her knees and quickly took me in her mouth.

Just like me when I got the chance to slide a couple of fingers inside her, she was hurrying and eager. No long gentle licks, kisses or teasing. She opened her mouth and plunged it down the shaft until her bottom lip was pressed against my balls, then back to the tip before before building to a rhythm while she fucked me with her gorgeous mouth. i really wanted cum down her throat while looking down at her, but I was enjoying everything too much to want it to end. With one hand she was teasing my balls, and the other was between her legs.

Thank the Gods for women who can come repeatedly from pussy play! I was struggling to hold on, and she was already close to a second orgasm, the vibrations from her moaning mouth feeling heaven to my cock. It was then that I decided it was her pussy that I needed to cum in. I pulled my cock free from her lips with a delightful wet sucking sound, just in time to hear her full throated climax once more. "Stand up and turn around." I said, while stroking my wet cock.

She was quick to obey, but was looking around, and it was then that I heard a noise too. it was nothing too worrying, but sounded like a car heading down the side street we'd taken, and if anyone inside was paying attention out of the window, they'd see more than we wanted too. I was all for risky public sex, but only for the thrill, not because of any fascination with people watching me fuck.

The wicked grin was back on her face as she grabbed my cock and started to work it again, but turned a little, and started walking further from the lights to somewhere a bit more private, pulling me along by my throbbing member. Thankfully we only needed to take one more corner before we were assured of privacy. Beth knew just what to do, and as she dropped my cock - not that it went far down, rock hard as it was - she took a step towards the wall and placed both hands against it, palms flat, and spread her legs while looking at me over the shoulder. "Will you just fuck me already?" she asked as her back arched down, pushing her wet pink lips towards me.

All I needed to do was push my jeans down a little further, and pull my shirt up. She was so wet I could smell her out in the open, and coming home with cunny juices staining the band shirt I was wearing would lead to some questions from Jane that I wouldn't want to answer. Moving closer though, I was once again aware of just how hard it was to get this far, and knew if I didn't take my time, I'd up regretting it.

I dropped to me knees and buried my face in her dripping twat, my tongue slipping easily between the wet folds of her labia and lapping her sweet juices up with a passion. Beth gasped at this, obviously expecting a good fucking, but hen I felt her hand reach round to run her fingers through my short hair, I knew she wasn't upset by this development. Not only did she smell and taste so good, I also had the opportunity to slide my tongue between her firm ass cheeks and slide my tongue as deep as I could inside her arse. This got more than just a moan, and I knew that before too long I'd have to sodomise the dirty little slut!

That was another time though, and another chapter of this story! Then and there, I had a willing girl with a wet cunt, and a cock that was straining to fuck her. I'd like to tell you I rocked her world, and was a master of lovemaking. But I'd been struggling to avoid cumming for too long already, and I just trusted that her two orgasms were enough, or that she was horny enough that my cock could give her a third.

Thankfully I was right about the last point! It seemed to be about half a dozen thrusts before she was crying out again, her fingernails scraping the stone wall as she she pushed back against me. Her pussy was well lubricated by then, which meant even my thick cock had no trouble sliding in, but she obviously wanted me deeper. I held her hips and carried on fucking her as hard and deep as I could until I started to feel her tighten around me, and that was just too much.

As she screamed out loud - thankfully no one had been around to investigate, and the car had just driven on - I grunted and gasped, my balls tightening and cock throbbing inside her as jet after jet of hot spunk splashed against the back of her cunt. After three more thrusts, she whimpered and reached back to me, taking a handful of my shirt in her fist and pulling me down to kiss her. The shift in position caused my cock to flop free, and my cum started to drip down into her panties.

I took her hair in my hand again and pulled her fully up to to kiss her deeply, nibbling her lips before pulling her away. "Hopefully your chap won't notice what I've left behind, but I don't suppose you mind cleaning me off, would you?" She looked down at my cock, already softening, but still thick and covered in cream.

"Thought you'd never ask!" she exclaimed before bending at the hips and started lapping at the soft skin. I was still sensitive as all hell, and grateful she did nothing more than licking, and within a minuted, all that was left on my cock was her spittle and should stood up back to me. "better?" she asked, and I had no response other than to pull her in and kiss her once more, my hand cupping her arse as she pulled her jeans back up.

"Better we make a move. I'm already way later than I should be, and if Jane wants sex tonight she's gonna be a disappointed." I got a sulky look for that, but no complaint as I tucked my cock back away and took her hand for the last bit of the walk home.