 You come home and find me in my corset and fishnet stockings and I am wearing black open toe two inch high heels. You lean forward to brush your lips against mine. It doesn't take long for the kiss to grow, my tongue tracing the shape of your lips and slipping in you. I move as I kiss you so my breasts are rubbing against you. My hands move down your arms to your hips which I grasp to pull you against me. I keep kissing you with growing passion as my hand moves to the growing bulge in your pants. I cup you in my hand, as I slowly and gently run my hand up and down your shape. I can hear you moaning against my lips as my kisses matches my touch. I run my thumb over the head of your cock and feel the dampness through your shorts. Your mouth is moving along my neck which is making me very wet and wanting you to just take me but I must remember what I want. 

I grasp your head in my hands and give you a kiss that you can feel all over your body. I reach over and pull your shirt over your head. My fingers run down your chest and run over the front of your jeans. I go down on my knees in front of you. My breasts are on display for you. My fingers are moving around your cock but not touching it. You want more. I undo your jeans and slowly slide the zipper down caressing your hardness as I do. I push your jeans to the floor. I can see a huge wet spot on your underwear where your cock has been leaking precum. 

My hand is stroking your cock through the material. The softness is sliding over you and I can feel you growing under my hand. I reach up to play with your balls and love hearing you moan and saying my name. I slowly pull your underwear down. I want you feel the fabric moving over your cock and balls. 

I move back slightly to admire your hard cock that is dripping with your precum. I lean forward to capture a drop of it on my tongue and enjoy the taste of you and wanting more. I lick between your balls and gentle suck them in my mouth. My tongue moves up the length of you, tracing each inch of you until I get to the head. I lick around head of your cock around and around very slowly. Your hands move to my head but I tell you to be patient; it will be worth it. 

I take the head of your dripping dick in my mouth and use my tongue to scoop up your cum. Then I take you deep in my mouth, until your cock hits the back of my throat. I suck you hard and deep. Your hands are in my hair pulling me toward you as fuck my mouth. I let you take control for a few minutes until I can hear you groan. I know that you are close. I pull back and let your cock pop out of my mouth.

I squeeze the head of your cock. I don't want you to explode to soon. I love how it looks, wet from my mouth, the head so red and the hardness. I give you a few seconds before I take you back in my mouth. I focus on the head of your cock; my mouth pulling it in alternating between sucking on it and licking it like an ice cream cone. Your creaminess is pouring out of you and I keep swallowing. I love how you taste. 

My hand moves up to your shaft. It is wet with my saliva as I slick my hand up and down your cock while licking and sucking the head of your cock. I am slowly jerking you off while making sure I collect all your juices. You are begging me to let you cum, you are running out of patient and need to explode. 

I am listening to you so I take you deep in mouth to make your dick wetter. I grasp you in my hand and start jerking you off again but harder this time. I want you to fill my mouth with your cum. I alternate between using my hands on you to using my mouth on you. My mouth is so wet, and draws you in so tight and deep. 

I hear that final moan from you. You grab my hair and pull me towards you as you begin to shoot your hot cum in my waiting mouth. I swallow down the first shots but then let your cock pop out of my mouth so you can shoot the rest of your cum on face and down my breasts. Mmm... so much and so good. 

I finish you off by licking your cock clean. I stand up and kiss you; you can taste you cum on my tongue. I go upstairs and walk in to the bedroom still in my heels. You know that it is an invite for more.

You enter to the bedroom to find me sitting on the bed and propped against your pillow. I am dipping my fingers in your cum that is on my breasts and licking my fingers. My other hand is rubbing my pussy. You are smiling as you come and join me on the bed; lying opposite of me so you can watch. I undo the top hooks on my corset and pinch my nipples, making them hard and begging to be sucked. I push one up towards my mouth and lick more of your cum off my breast. 

My hand that is on my pussy is rubbing faster and you can hear how wet and how slick I am. I push my fingers deep inside of me and pull them slowly to drag it across my harden clit. My legs are spread wide and you are enjoying watching me masturbate. I undo the rest of my corset and let it fall to floor along with my shoes.

Your hand moves down your body and comes to rest on your soft cock. You can feel it twitching and you lightly stroke it. You are certainty enjoying the show I am putting on for you. You move your hand up and down your cock as you watch me and remember how my mouth felt on your cock. My pussy is framed by the opening of my stockings and I alternate between pushing my fingers deep in my pussy and ass to licking my fingers that are coated with my sweet juices. Your cock is demanding more attention. You reach forward to coat your hand in my pussy juices and slick the wetness up and down your dick. We watch each other masturbate for awhile. I am getting so close to exploding. 

My hand rubs over and over my clit as I call out your name and moan with pleasure. My hips are lifting off the bed and inviting you in as I scream and let my orgasm wash over me. I am still panting and my pussy is still pulsating when you grab my legs to pull me down so I am lying on your bed. You thrust your cock deep inside of my pussy. My tight wet pussy draws you in and I can feel your balls pressed against my ass. 

You fuck me hard and kiss me equally hard; your tongue matching the thrusts of your cock. We do this for a few minutes and just feeling the pleasure of having a hard cock in a wet pussy. But we both wanted more. You pull out of me and I sigh with my pussy feeling empty and needing more of you. You tell me to roll over and roughly pull me on my hands and knees. You kneel behind me and bury your face into my pink ass. 

Your tongue lightly traces around my ass, flickering the tip inside of me and thrusting deep in me. You know how much this turns me on and I push back against you. Your finger moves up to find my clit that is still hard from my orgasm. You are making buck against you with pleasure and I don't know how I could ever forget how horny you make me feel. I can feel myself have mini orgasms as you continue to lick and play with me. 

You move up and take your hard, dripping cock in your hand. You rub it against my ass and then down to my pussy. You push your cock between my lips and feel the wetness dripping over you. As you are pushing in my pussy your thumb is pushing in my ass. It is feeling so incredible and amazingly I am ready to come again. I am so wet, my juices are dripping down and pooling on the mattress. You are fucking me so hard. I am moaning your name over and over and begging you for ... more, for it harder and for you to cum deep inside of me. 

Suddenly you lean forward to cup my large breasts and grasp them tight as you hump me. I can hear your cock pushing in my pussy with my wetness soaking both of us. You let out a deep moan, grunt my name as you unload your cum deep inside of me. This sets off my own orgasm and you can feel my pussy pulsating around your cock milking every bit of your cum from you. We collapse on the bed and fall asleep.