 It was a dream coming true. Here, alone in a hotel room, with my boss – a woman I had lusted after for years. And to have her pinned up against the door, kissing her passionately.

She broke off our kiss suddenly. "Oh god, Jim," she gasped, "this is so fucking wrong." I stared at her intently, just inches away from her face. I waited for her to tell me to stop, to get away from her. Instead she pressed her nails into my back and urged me into her. I pressed my mouth back onto hers and pushed my tongue into her mouth. We both moaned hungrily. I massaged her tongue with mine and was overwhelmed when she proceeded to suck on my tongue as if she were performing oral sex. She was working it delicately with her mouth, sucking up and down its length. Finally she let it go and I exhaled deeply. "I know it's wrong, but I want you so bad, Carrie. I have for a very long time."

"You've hidden it well. You've never made comments, never tried to flirt. I was beginning to think you didn't want me."

"Are you kidding, you drive me crazy, Carrie. All those nights working together – all those times alone. We'd be trying to work and in my head I would fantasize about what it would be like to just throw caution to the wind and take you."

"Take me now, Jim, I'm yours." Her words were music to my ears. I stepped back so I could drink in the sight of her. I'd waited so long and fantasized so many times hoping to hear her say that. She was leaning back into the door with her legs spread widely. She was breathing deeply in anticipation, her nostrils flared and she held her chin slightly up, defiantly gazing at me, daring me to finally look upon her openly appreciating her sexiness. Her chest heaved with every breath, her nipples erect and standing prominently beneath the light, slightly transparent fabric of her shirt. I made her wait a moment while I looked up and down her beautiful body. She grinned wickedly at me and I knew our wishes were both the same. This moment we were sharing might be wrong, but it was what we both craved.

Without a word, I slid my fingers between the buttons on her shirt, lightly tugging it out of her skirt where it was tucked. She had taught me to be aggressive and it was time to show her just how well I'd learned. Taking hold of both sides of her shirt, just above her breasts, I violently pulled each side in opposite directions, sending the buttons flying all over the room. "Oh fuck yes," she gasped. I pulled her mouth back onto mine and kissed her deeply.

I slipped the shirt down off her shoulders and looked at her body. I had assumed her tits were a bit small, and that she must have accentuated them with her bras, but looking down at them I knew immediately I'd been wrong. Her breasts were full and heaving against her lacy bra, which was thin and tight and certainly offered no accentuation. The tits she boasted were all hers, not huge but larger than handfuls, probably B cups. The lacy bra was see-through and I could clearly see the dark outline of her erect nipples.

With a deep breath I leaned down and kissed her between her breasts, smelling her sweet, soft skin, making my way up to her neck. She began moaning lightly as I kissed and licked the nape of her neck, over her earlobes, and onto her shoulder blades. I took my time in every place, moving excruciatingly slowly. I let my tongue run down her shoulder, onto her arm, kissing and licking the soft flesh of her arm at the crook of her elbow. I made light kisses down her forearm to her wrist, admiring the sexy, downy hair on her arm. I'd always admired these soft hairs, and found them indescribably sexy for some reason, and I was thoroughly enjoying the feel of them brushing softly against my lips. I kissed and licked her wrist, for no other reason than I loved its dainty little curves, and it smelled strongly of her sweet perfume.

I then kneeled before her and lightly kissed her belly. It was immaculate, like her ass. A soft flesh blanketed muscle beneath, and it was heaven to kiss its soft firmness. I circled her navel with my tongue several times, before sinking it in slightly. "Mmmm, that's so nice," she cooed as I lightly probed her bellybutton. I ran my hands up the backs of her legs, under her skirt and up over her ass, squeezing as I licked her navel.

My hands squeezed her bare ass under the skirt and I knew she must be wearing a thong or G-string. Her ass was warm and smooth; my hands sunk into its soft flesh. I absolutely could not wait to see her sexy panties, to lick them and pull them off with my teeth, just as I'd dreamed of for so long, since the day I'd gotten that tantalizing glimpse up her skirt. But I wanted to keep stoking her fire first; I wanted her to burn for me the way I had for her.

I removed my hands from under her skirt and ran them up her back, kissing higher on her belly as I did so. My fingers found the clasp of her bra and unhooked it deftly with one clean twist and pull. I stood up in front of her, her bra now hanging loosely. I gazed into her eyes as my fingers slowly grasped the bra straps beneath her shoulders. I was going to do this agonizingly slow and let her revel in it. She had seduced me so well for so long; it was now my turn to return that favor. I pulled the straps ever so slowly toward me and freed her breasts from the cups. I then moved the bra slowly down her arms, and dropped it gently to the floor.

I broke eye contact and stared longingly down at her breasts. They were gorgeous teardrops standing pertly on her chest. Even now, in her early 30's, she had not begun to sag at all. Her tits were at attention, the hard, light brown nipples pointing out from the sea of creamy white skin. I stepped into her and dropped my mouth onto her right breast. I circled her nipple with my tongue, not licking it just yet. I was admiring its tautness; light brown and puckered with a small areola.

Carrie leaned her head back against the door, submitting to my administrations wordlessly. After several circling licks I couldn't stand it any longer and sucked her taut nipple into my mouth, flicking it repeatedly with my tongue. Immediately Carrie squealed in delight and gasped, "Fuuuuuuuuck." I sucked hard on her nipple, knowing this was fueling the fire deep within her. I squeezed both tits, holding her soft flesh in my hands. I began to work my mouth onto both of her breasts intermittently, sucking, nibbling lightly, and pinching her nipples between my both fingers and teeth. She was moaning almost non-stop now, but still I was going to make her wait. I wanted to drive her crazy. I continued licking and biting her rock hard nipples for several minutes, squeezing them between my tongue and teeth, flicking them repeatedly.

Finally I stood and stepped back again to look at her. She was leaning on the door, absolutely panting. Without a word I stepped toward her and wrapped my arms around her back. I ran my hands over her ass and found the zipper to her skirt. I pulled it down immediately and even the sound of it unzipping made her gasp. I could tell she was primed. I pulled down on the waistband of her skirt, slipped it free of her hips and it fell softly to the floor. I stood and stepped back once again. Her panties were black and silky. The material covering her pussy was a small triangle, attached with a G-string nearly as thin as dental floss, running in a slightly diagonal line over her hips, around to her ass. Seeing her standing there in front of me, naked, toned, and exuding raw sexuality was making my head spin and my legs rubbery.

"You're a goddess," I said simply, without pretense.

"I'm going to do things to you no goddess ever would. Evil things."

"Not before I do them to you," I replied. I knelt down before her and grabbed her by her hips. I looked up in her eyes, her hips held in my hands, her sex inches from my face. She was gasping for air now. "Yes Jim," she moaned. I bent down and softly, lovingly kissed the inside of her thigh several times. She raised her leg and put it on my shoulder. I ran my tongue from her knee all the way up to an inch from her crotch. I inhaled deeply and could smell the musky wetness of her sex. I dropped her leg off my shoulder and pulled the other one up, repeating my long lick from knee to crotch. When I stopped this time, mere centimeters from her pussy, she let out a groan that was simultaneously ecstasy and disappointment.

I wasn't going to go easy on her, or just give her what she wanted. I was going to make her crave it. And I knew I'd succeeded. I bit gently into the soft, creamy white flesh of her thigh and sucked it into my mouth. I held it there for a moment, sucking gently. Then I let it go and looked up into her eyes again.

"Carrie," I whispered softly, "do you want me to kiss your pussy?"

She both laughed and gasped simultaneously, and her knees buckled when I said this. She pushed herself back into the door to regain balance and said simply, "Yes."

"No... say it, Carrie. I want to hear you say it." I maintained eye contact, staring at her with my face hovering just inches from her mound, daring her to defy me. The sweet, pungent aroma of her sex, mixed with both her perfume and a day's worth of her sweat was overwhelming and I could feel the heat emanating from her chasm.

She met my gaze for a moment defiantly. But then her lips curled into an absolutely wicked grin I'd never seen her wear before and she relented. "Please kiss my pussy, Jim."

I returned her grin, then slowly pressed my face into her panties. They were soaked clean through with her juices, and my lips and nose were instantly covered in them. I inhaled deeply and savored the smell. It was sweet and musty, and clouded my head of any coherent thought. I began perversely kissing her through her panties. Kissing up around her pussy, feeling stubbly hairs lightly pricking me through the delicate fabric. Then kissing lower down along her lips, feeling the thick flesh of her labia moving around beneath. I was smothering her mound with kisses everywhere. "Ooooooooooh," she moaned.

I could control my tongue no longer. It darted out between my lips and began lapping away at her panties. They tasted much like the smell they were emanating, sweet, dank, salty and heavenly, and I was running my tongue in long licks from the bottom of her pussy to the top. The tiny triangle of silky fabric was soon drenched with my saliva and her juice. It was time to tease her no longer.

I looked into her eyes again. "Carrie, do you want me to lick your pussy?"

Without hesitation, nearly screaming at me, she replied, "Fuck yes, lick me Jim, eat me. You have your revenge, I'm going crazy." So she had read my mind and knew exactly what I was doing. Without pause I looped my fingers around the waistband of her panties, bit into the fabric covering her mound and pulled as much of it as I could into my mouth, then tore them down her legs with both my fingers and teeth. I slipped them around her ankles and feet and pulled them off her. I held them to my nose and sniffed them again once more before tossing them aside.

Then I turned and stared at her gorgeous pussy. Her jet black pubic hair was trimmed to about a quarter inch, and shaved in a landing strip just above the cleft of her clitoris. I pushed her right leg up and placed her thigh on my shoulder. Her smooth, shaved vagina lay wide open before me. Her outer labia were dark brown, covering soft pink inner lips. Her inner labia protruded slightly but did not hang. I put both of my thumbs on either side of her outer labia and spread them open. As I did so, her smooth, pink inner lips peeled open and revealed a thick stream of milky pussy juice.

I descended on it hungrily and lapped at it. "Ohhhh fuuuuuck," Carrie moaned as my tongue entered her cunt. I began licking away at her pussy lips greedily, getting mouthfuls of juice with every lick. No matter how much of her nectar I lapped up, she seemed to be making more and more. The clear fluid was as thick as syrup, and tasted almost as sweet. There was a tinge of saltiness to it as well, and my mouth and throat were becoming thick with it. I had never experienced a woman this wet before. It was as though there was a constantly flowing fountain deep within her vagina, and I was drinking from it.

I stopped for a moment and looked into her eyes. "You are so fucking beautiful down here, baby; you are so pretty." She smiled at me.

"I'm really flowing. Am I too wet; it's not weird for you, is it?"

"Of course not, are you crazy? I'm savoring every drop of you. You're sweeter than candy, Carrie. Why would you think it would be weird?"

"I dunno, some guys don't like..."

"Yeah well fuck that," I interrupted before she could finish the sentence. I didn't want to hear the rest of that thought. "Your cunt is so fucking pretty." I licked it deeply. "It's like a creamy pink flower. And your nectar is like a sweet and tangy juice. It's warm and thick and I just wanna drink every fucking drop out of you and swallow your essence."

"That's so hot," she moaned. "That is the hottest fucking thing anyone's ever said to me."

I opened my mouth widely and sucked hard on her entire vulva, licking it softly and keeping my tongue thick to cover more flesh with every lick. Then I sucked as much of her soft flesh into my mouth as I could. I had a mouthful of her sex and I just sucked on it softly, massaging her swollen labia gently with my tongue. After several moments of this, I felt her knee giving way slightly, causing her to lose balance. I released her flesh from my mouth. "Lay down on the bed, baby;" I told her, "let me please you." She complied, dropping her leg off my shoulder and pulling me up by my hand. She laid on her back on the bed and spread her legs wide. I crawled onto the bed between her legs, amazed by how beautiful she was. I stared down at her pussy and whispered, "So fucking sexy."

"You are unbelievable, Stillman," she laughed as I laid face-down between her spread thighs. I lowered my face into her cunt and ran my tongue from her taint all the way up to her clit. I repeated this motion several times, enjoying her moans and squeals. I then ran my hands beneath her ass cheeks and lifted her up off the bed slightly to meet my mouth. I used my thumbs to push her labia apart, and buried my tongue into her hole. I lapped greedily away at the opening to her vagina, taking as much of her juice into my mouth as I could, but much of it was now running in a steady stream down into the crack of her ass. Her moaning had now become one long groan, "Mmmmmmmmmmmmm..."

I pulled my tongue from her vagina and followed the stream of her juice down to her ass. I wanted better access to her so I lowered her butt back onto the bed and pushed her knees up onto her chest. She complied willingly, hooking her arms around her knees to hold her legs up, and spreading them as wide as she could. She was incredibly flexible and was practically doing a split. I let my face dive deep down into her ass crack.

The stream of her pussy juice had collected in a little pool in the indentation of her asshole, then trailed down the back of her ass onto the bed where it had made a small, dark, wet spot. I followed the stream from her pussy to her taint, licking it up, until I reached the delicate pucker of her dark brown asshole. I circled it lightly with my tongue teasing her. "Oh... my ... god," she squeaked.

I pressed my tongue into her hole, lapping up her juice. She squealed with delight and what seemed like disbelief as I circled her hole over and over again, pressing gently inside it. The thoughts racing through my mind were making my head spin. Never in my wildest dreams could I have ever imagined I would be doing this, administering this treatment to my boss, the one woman in the world I thought I could never have, and the one I wanted most. But here I was licking Carrie's asshole, her beautiful body quivering beneath me. She was repeating my name over and over, "Oh god Jim, oh Jim, oh yes..."

I tongued her asshole deeply for a few moments more. Her droning, almost incoherent, moaning of my name convinced me it was time to give her release. She looked so beautiful lying there, and I had teased her enough. I pulled my head up from her ass and she looked down at me. "God Jim, that felt soooo good. I can't believe you did that."

"Did you like it?"

"Oh fuck yes, it felt incredible."

"Then I'm glad I did." Without another word I descended once again on her vagina. I buried my tongue deep into her, licking her inner walls. Her cunt was tight and I had to push hard with my tongue to enter her. But I didn't want to continue teasing her for long. I tongue-fucked her softly for several moments, then withdrew gently. I wanted to please her, to give her release.

I placed my mouth on her clitoris, kissing it softly several times before licking it. I licked it lightly at first, not wanting to over-stimulate her sensitive bud. Soon I could tell she was clearly losing herself in my administrations, as her moaning became an incoherent repetition of my name again, so I increased the frequency and intensity of my strokes. She reached her right hand down and, using two fingers, spread her cleft wide open to give my tongue better access to her clit. This freed my hands to further please her.

I slid my middle and index fingers into her cunt, not breaking the rhythm with my tongue. I pushed my fingers forward on the roof of her vagina until she gave a shudder letting me know I'd found her spot. I gently massaged her with my fingers in the same rhythm with which I was licking her clit. I reached my other hand up onto her tit and squeezed hard on her nipple, twisting it. The effect was instantaneous. Her entire body bucked and flexed. I could tell she was beginning the final stretch into ultimate pleasure.

Her legs squeezed my head and she bucked her hips up further into my mouth. I sucked down hard on her clit and drew the bud into my mouth, where the sucking action and licking of my tongue could drive her to her destination. Her free hand grabbed her other tit and squeezed the nipple, her bucking now becoming steady and rhythmic with my sucking. Finally I felt her vaginal muscles tighten and then spasm as her orgasm engulfed her. Her entire body twitched and shook with her climax, and she let out a long, loud, "Ohhhhhhhhhhhh..."

I licked her clit gently and lightly until her convulsions slowly subsided, letting her experience the full effect of a draining orgasm, but not exerting too much stimulation on her now engorged and hypersensitive clitoris. When the spasms passed, I pulled my fingers slowly out of her cunt and pushed myself up to lay next to her.

She pulled my mouth into hers and kissed me deeply, letting her tongue lick all around my mouth and lips, tasting her juices. I pushed my still soaking wet fingers into her mouth as well to let her lick her nectar off of them while we kissed. She lapped at them greedily, savoring her own taste, and it drove me insane. My cock was rock hard in my pants; I could feel it pulsating and leaking pre-cum profusely. She finally broke the kiss after several long moments. "Oh my god, Jim," she said, "that was unbelievable. It's been years since anyone has eaten my pussy until I came. I forgot how incredible it felt."

"Are you serious? That's crazy."

"Well, like I said, some men don't appreciate eating pussy quite the way you do. Actually very few do, that was seriously fantastic. You're... a fucking professional, truth be known." Her thoughts seemed to scatter for a minute, before she shook her head and gathered herself. "So anyway, yeah, I haven't cum from being eaten in years." I had no interest in asking about her husband or finding out what that story was. It was enough to know I'd given her such pleasure, especially since she'd been deprived of it for so long.
