 Coming to an update course was an everyday thing. However, the girl offering the course was even younger than me. 

That hits you in subtle ways. 

That made me notice that I wasn't the promising man of the newest generation in the business like I used to be. I was an established person, a name in the industry... not one of the kids anymore. Sure, I had aged well due to a balanced diet and making workouts one of my habits. Still, that didn't change the fact that I had aged. The word was an affront. In this era, we're taught to be afraid of growing older and I did fall prey to it.

The young teacher stood before us, head high and reminding me of myself in a feminine way. I liked her. Then, before the first period was done, she said, "as I had told you, I'm new in the state. I'm going to leave this jar here. Fill it with papers where you write names of places you think I must visit to know my way around here and have a good time. See you in 30!"

After coming back, she pulled the papers out of the jar and began reading aloud, "The Irish Pub..."

She got a bunch of nods and murmured agreement.

"Lena's Kebab... Rox... Peace monument... Golden Dragon Dumplings," then her eyes went wide. She turned the paper around and showed the suggestion to the class, "seriously? 'My bedroom'?"

That got a chuckle out of most, a few cat calls here and there, she swept the room with her eyes, dangerous, and I was smiling like a wolf when she looked at me. There was no way she didn't know who wrote that.

Instead of getting a well-deserved dismissal of the course, she took the high road.

"You know, it's in the rules, I can't socialize with any of you outside the class," she stared at me for half a second while saying it. Then, for added effect, she said a quite sarcastic and even hurtful, "nice try, though."

She continued with the class but kept stealing glances at me and I kept looked back at her. The way her expression darkened when our eyes met, though, made me think that maybe I hadn't been that funny. I could get in trouble, being a grown man. The issue could easily be pressed into harassment so I decided I would apologize for it. I was, after all, a grown man. Taking responsibility for my actions was a given.

The course was done for the day and I stayed behind.

"Yes?"

"I wanted to apologize," I said. "Sincerely. I'm used to being the funny guy and people normally take my inappropriate comments with humor, but I understand if it wasn't welcome. I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable."

"Look, rules are rules... but it's already forgotten."

"Thanks."

The rest of the course, the following days, I behaved well. Exceptionally so. One of those days, as I was wasting time in my favorite area of downtown, I saw her with a bored expression, just walking. 

I caught up and said, "hey! There's an eatery I'm pretty sure you don't know just around here and it should make your day better. I won't tell anyone you're socializing with me."

She quickly accepted after I made her see I was just trying to compensate for being an ass before and we ended up in the curry place I told her about. Indian, Japanese and British variations of the dish were available; I learned she was vegan. 

"A masterfully shitty day due to things back home", she had dubbed the day before ordering a beer. And another. And another. And yet another one... by the time she was done, she was sloshed. I tried walking her but I ended up holding her by the waist on her way back. 

When we got to her place, she pulled my arm and said she wouldn't be able to walk up the stairs. Actually, she wasn't even able to get her door unlocked without help. I opened it up for her and she pulled me in. I actually tried protesting. She kissed me and I attempted to say no. She pressed her body against mine and I still tried to be the decent guy...

"Oh, fuck! What time is it!?" I heard.

It was... morning?! I checked my dying phone. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. 

"9 am."

She turned around and realized she wasn't exactly talking to herself. There was a naked man in her bed. I saw the realization hit her. 

"Oh... did we..?"

"Four times," I nodded, still cautious.

"Shit. That explains the soreness, though. What am I saying?! We weren't supposed to..."

I was about to say something when I saw her examining the bed. She hurriedly walked over to the side of her bed and gasped.

"What?" I didn't understand her panic.

Also... Why didn't she look like she had a terrible hangover? Ugh. Youth. I was starting to feel the age gap.

She looked down and saw the dried cum between her legs and blanched, "we didn't use condoms?!"

"You said you had an IUD and," I doubted before adding. "Well. I'm not going to quote your exact screams. Let's just say you really, really wanted me to cum inside you."

"I lied!"

"You didn't," I countered, remembering the wild abandon of her screams as I had filled her. She did scream in pleasure the four times.

She blushed furiously, "I mean about the IUD."

"...oh," fuck.

"Four times? Really?"

"You don't remember anything?"

"Well. I did wake up thinking I had had the best after-breakup sex ever."

...which explained the alcohol and the need in her movements.

"Need a hug?"

"Honestly? You came in me. Four times. Wanna make it five?"

She had straddled me while saying it. We were still naked (well, she still had her stockings on since I had asked her just a few hours prior to keep them on) and her body against mine had instant results. We began kissing furiously. I reasoned just like her. We had already done the deed. An extra session wouldn't make a huge difference, except in terms of pleasure.

Since the way we had had sex made sense, unlike the previous night, I caressed her. Something told me she needed to feel wanted. And right I was. She saw my hardness and I saw a glint of pride in her eyes. She didn't even wait for foreplay. She lowered herself, taking me in in a single movement. We both moaned. I thought the night of sex would've left me drained, but I was definitely up for some more.

She moved up and down on my shaft, the dexterity of her sober self was awe-inspiring. Sex with her had been good, but she was taking it to another level. I whispered, "you're so hot..."

I wanted to thrust my dick all the way in, but steeled myself. I pulled my hips back a little so she'd feel every tiny detail of how her pussy received me. She arched her back and then tried to get more of me inside. Eventually, though, our hips met softly, much like a kiss.

She quietly moaned and rocked back and forth. I moved just a little, in small gentle thrusts. Once she was accustomed to my cock, I remembered I was supposed to make her cum like never before. The way her lower lip trembled made me consider a slow, sensuous rhythm, but... I knew it was ego. I had a reputation to maintain. I couldn't resist giving her a passionate kiss, however. As I did, my hips started to pick up the tempo.

She whimpered into the kiss and we enjoyed our bodies for a while as we got to know each other's body. Or at least, she got to know mine, I had fresh memories quite engraved in my mind. I enjoyed those minutes far more than I'd ever admit to. I was getting too much into it. I tried to make her turn sideways, make her bend her uppermost leg. She wouldn't allow me to. As I could, I began to fuck her in deep, long strokes. Her expression immediately became one of wonder.

I kept on fucking her in a slow, consistent pace. I grabbed her ass and the thrusts continued. She found herself enjoying it for a longer time, not rushing towards our orgasm. I normally would've asked her if she was enjoying being my fucktoy, given how we had had sex the prior night. So animalistic. But her almost amazed, hell, almost innocent expression prevented me from doing it. I toned it down considerably.

"Does it make you hot to know we're fucking bare?"

For the first time, she moaned out loud. She nodded. I began to play with her clit and she moaned out loud again. I could feel she was reaching an impressive orgasm. Her wet, hot pussy contracted around me, growing more insistent by the second. I groaned as I felt how she was trying to make me cum.

"Do you want me to cum?" I knew thinking it and saying it aloud were two very different things. The moment the words escaped my mouth she nodded again and her unprotected pussy squeezed me. I groaned yet again.

"I'm going to cum inside you," I whispered, instead of forcefully saying it like I had just a few hours ago.

It drove her on. She moved with renewed purpose and she smiled as she fucked herself on my naked cock yet again. This time, however, she was squeezing me with expertise that didn't match her expression. I groaned and moved my hips upwards, but she slammed herself against me... I understood after a few of those movements. She wanted to use me, to define how we did things. 

I'm usually the one in charge, but the way she was making me feel definitely was worth the difference in our dynamic. After all, I had fucked her however I had wanted and used her to my (and her) content just hours prior.

She made a sinuous movement and I'm not sure what part of her I was able to reach, but I gasped. She groaned with delight. She repeated the movement and had the same result. Then, she tried adjusting the angle until she was able to get me there with simple movements that went from bottoming and our hips making a wet, smacking sound, to almost the tip of my cock being inside of her before sliding all the way in...

I didn't know how to react. I was going inside her, but there was no doubt: she was now fucking me and not the other way around. I grasped her hair in desperation and I pulled her towards me. Our foreheads made contact. I gasped with pleasure almost with every movement of hers. She started to breathe in heavily and I saw her expression of boundless pleasure when she moved up and down.

Listening to how I was breathing, how every call of my body seemed to be alive and screaming in pleasure, I was sure my expression couldn't have been any different. I felt the warning signs of an orgasm and I was about to tell her, but she surely read my body language.

"I know...me too... hold on..."

And she kept on moving up and down... then, just seconds after she said it, she breathed in and didn't let the breath go anywhere as she closed her eyes and hummed in a throaty way. The sensation of her orgasm and knowing she wanted me to cum inside her made it impossible for me to hold it any longer. With a deep growl of satisfaction, I released a surprisingly large amount of semen in her unprotected pussy.

We both made soft sounds of pleasure as the climax extended and finally managed to fade away.

Had I cum just enough times inside her to get get pregnant? What was going to be the nature of our future interactions? What was-

"Do you think you can go another round?" She said between short gasps.

The real world could wait.