 My friends & I had gone out for a rowdy night of drinking at several of the local bars in our small town. At the end of the evening I was declared the most sober of the group and received the job of dropping off everyone home that was too far gone to drive themselves. My four passengers loaded into my car and off we went. I dropped of the 1st three around town and was down to my friend Jamie, who lived 5 miles out in the country.

I had known Jamie for several years. She had once dated a friend of mine and after he moved away & they broke up, she had become a regular part of our monthly drinking group. Jamie is a beautiful young lady with blonde hair & a dark tan. Being in a relationship myself ever since we met, I had never really thought about Jamie in an intimate sense until that night. Glancing over at her, while driving through the darkness, I couldn't help start to notice how attractive she was, especially in the loose-fit & low-cut top she was wearing that night.

We chatted a bit while heading down the road until she let me know that she had pee. I pulled over to side of the dark, gravel road. Playing up the idea that she was plastered, she fumbled with the door handle until she declared that she couldn't get out on her own. I got out of the car & went around to open her door. As I let her out she mildly staggered from side-to-side as she walked. She went up to the patch of grass on the side of the road ahead of us while I stayed on the opposite side of the vehicle. Pretty soon I heard her let out a scream followed by the sound of her hitting the ground. Panicked that she may have gotten hurt, I ran around the car to where she was. What a sight I now beheld! There she was lying in the grass, Blue jeans pulled down around her ankles, and laughing about the fact that she had fallen down. I stood there staring at the wonderful sight of her bare ass & pussy illuminated by the headlights of the car.

"Are you o.k.?" I asked. She giggled some more and said "sure, but I could really use some help getting back up. I went into the grass after her, still unable to stop staring at her magnificent behind. I felt my hard-on begin to fill up my shorts as in grew in homage to the site before it. I bent over next to her & grabbed her arm. I attempted to pull her up to her feet but in her drunken state she stumbled again with her jeans wrapped about her feet. This time as she fell back she held on to my arm tightly and grabbed at my shirt with her other hand hoping to use me to stop her descend. The plan was unsuccessful though, all she managed to do was to catch me off guard and take me down with her. We both tumbled forward and rolled down into the brush filled roadside ditch. When we discontinued our fall, I found myself with a surprise face full of pussy. We had ended up in a classic 69 position with her on top of me.

I waited, half expecting her quick get up and roll over leaving us both with an embarrassing look on our faces & an awkward silence for the rest of the drive home. Boy was I wrong though. Next thing I know, Jamie had spread her knees about my head, as best as she could with her jeans still tied around her feet, and rocked her waist back. This act essentially shoved her bare pussy directly onto my waiting mouth. Still not 100% sure of her intentions, I was amazed to feel her hands stumbling with the zipper & button of my shorts. All hell broke free when she succeeded in her task and pulled out my hard cock from it's prison. At this action, I reached around & grabbed her ass cheeks and pulled her cunt down hard on my anxious tongue and began to torrently suck on her hot, wet hole. She responded in kind by sucking the length of my dick into her waiting throat. After what seemed a lifetime of heaven, I used one of my hands to help her as she finally kicked off her troublesome pants.

Now free from her restriction, Jamie crawled off me and pulled off her shirt & bra before pulling my own shirt over my head and pulling my shorts off my legs. She then positioned herself directly above me, facing me with a leg straddling me on either side. She reached a hand back, below her & gripped my cock. Slowly she guided it up into her waiting love chamber. I felt electrified as she slid down onto my cock, enveloping him with her warm, sopping folds. I reached up & grabbed a breast with each hand and started to fondle and pinch her erect nipples. She let out a whimper of pleasure and started rocking back and forth with speed and purpose. I laid there in the grass, unable to imagine that all this was real. Jamie continued to ferociously fuck my brains out until she was panting & sweating. Lifting my hips to meet her, I began pounding back with all the strength I had until she screamed out in orgasm. The sight & sound of this sent me over the edge as well. I held on until I could no longer control myself, filling her with my explosion of cum.

For the longest time, we just laid there in the ditch, trying to regain our senses. Finally we arose & got redressed. We piled back in the car and resumed our path. We still go out to drink with the gang every month, now we just look more forward to the drive home afterwards instead.