 © kate7891

Author's Note: Big thanks to Johnny Dollar for the editing and advice. Events in this story are told from Owen's POV and immediately follow those in Chapter 11. May need to read just that one to follow along (and hopefully find pleasure in!) this latest adventure. But I don't think it really matters as I've provided a quick rundown of key players and events. Enjoy -- K.

Annika: Mid-to-late twenties. Brown wavy hair, blue-grey eyes, has a typical Australian summer tan. She loves the beach and is of average height. Voluptuous yet supple thanks to her daily yoga practice. She's a florist, runs her own business -- Bud and Blossom -- and enjoys smoking weed. Annika refers to her pussy as Nika (her submissive name, if you will) and is sexually adventurous -- as long as someone (man or woman) more dominant is along on the journey with her.

Grady: Annika's boyfriend. Early thirties, jet black curly hair, olive skin that deepens to caramel in the summer. Ethnically ambiguous. Plays semi-professional AFL but his true passion is in junior development of the game. He's a natural leader, a natural role-model. His relationship with Annika is the envy of many teammates. He also enjoys smoking weed and is sexually dominant.

Lucille: Mid-to-late thirties. She's Annika's lesbian neighbour, androgynous, tall, almost lanky or waif-like. She has hazel-green eyes, short blonde hair, milky skin and rides a motorbike. Initially, Annika and Lucille have a friendly, neighbourly relationship. She doesn't judge Annika's recreational habits. She is sexually promiscuous and dominant. Features predominantly in Chapters 7 and 10. 

Owen: Late twenties, physiotherapist at Grady's football club and Annika's weed supplier. He's a little scrawny, has chestnut-brown hair cut close to the skull and he hates his freckles. To look older, more masculine, he maintains a scruffy beard, reddish and curly. He's attracted to Annika and Grady, finding them a dynamic couple. Owen is somewhat of a cuck; he is a voyeur, sexually submissive and enjoys creampies. Features predominantly in Chapters 5, 11 and 12.

The Story So Far... Revolves around Annika and Grady. Chapters present different POVs -- sometimes Annika's, sometimes Grady's, sometimes omnipresent. This is the first written from Owen's. Am keen to write from Lucille's perspective in the near future, too. The central couple have been together about a year and this series chronicles the evolution of their sex life. They have commenced an open relationship, of sorts, and have invited Owen to play with them, while Annika alone has explored her bisexuality with Lucille. This chapter immediately follows events from Chapter 11, where Grady tied Annika to his bed and secretly teased and fucked her while his friends and housemates were in another room. Owen caught the couple, and having experienced their sexcapades before, was invited to join in and greedily ate the creampie Grady had deposited into Nika. The chapter concluded with Grady, his housemate Ezra (an African-American in Australia on a working visa), and friends Jude and Matias standing in the bedroom doorway having just witnessed Owen making a bound Annika come with his mouth.

* * * 

I remember the exact moment I met Annika O'Neal.

It was a Saturday evening, middle of winter in Melbourne and dark as midnight despite the early hour. She'd been wearing an old woollen cardigan (one that was several sizes too big and butt ugly) over high-waisted black tights and a cropped purple training bra. She had a yoga mat tucked under her arm and was worrying the rings on her right hand. She was barefoot. An odd sight in the clubrooms of an amateur football team.

She was very tanned for winter. I remember thinking of the tropics when I saw her. Hot sun, hot sea, hot surf.

She'd looked around the room, eyes bright blue against the burnt peach orange of her cardigan. She scanned faces, oblivious to subtle looks of appreciation that flicked her way. Oblivious to my jaw clearly on the floor.

But then she'd smiled at me, like she'd recognised me or something. And had made her way over.

"You're Owen, yeah?" she'd said, voice honey silk and warm.

Idiot I am, I'd looked over my shoulder, as if she were addressing someone else, then back to her flawless face. Bright blue eyes that reflected fascinating flecks of grey and were thickly lashed. High cheekbones, petite nose dusted lightly with freckles -- why did freckles look sexy on a woman and out of place on a grown man? -- and full mouth just a touch too wide.

"Please, please be Owen. I'm so turned around," she'd said, snapping my attention back to the moment. "I don't even know if this is the right club."

"Owen. Yeah," I'd said, clearing my throat. I remember thinking she'd looked familiar, but then I'd dismissed the thought. I'd never met her. "Do I know you?"

She'd laughed then, a nervous jingle-jangle. "No. I'm Annika. Grady's told me about you, though. Grady Mathison?"

And then the metaphorical penny had dropped. I'd seen her picture on Grady's phone, his wallpaper or something. The woman Grady had met earlier that year while up in Darwin playing footy during the off season. The NT's wet season. He'd said that playing with blackfellas in the hot humidity had done wonders for his game-day fitness.

As had the woman.

I'd slapped a hand to my forehead as I remembered. "Yes. Annika. Grady's mentioned you. I didn't realise you were in Melbourne."

As if noticing the jumpy jerk of wasted movement, she fisted her hand and buried it in the deep-set pocket of her cardigan. Squeezed the yoga mat firmer under her arm.

"Yeah. Thought I'd visit... check things out. Do you know where he is? I was meant to meet him here after class, but he isn't answering his phone." And then she'd sunk teeth into that heavy bottom lip.

I recall comparing her to Dorothy -- albeit a sexy one -- after the storm in that moment. Who am I? Where am I? Why am I?

And then she'd smiled at me, asked (all very facetiously) if I knew anyone who'd sell a newbie like her some weed. Help her calm the fuck down.

Maybe that was when my fascination started.

I'd stood there, averting her inquisitive gaze, voice scratching and catching in my attempt to tell her I'd be able to help her out. Before I could, though, Grady game out from the locker-rooms, eyes immediately zeroing in on Annika.

His face was fierce with hunger as he strode towards us, like a hunter stalking its prey. Confident the prey was already caught.

"Thanks for keeping my woman company, man," he'd said, wrapping an arm around her, pressing his nose to the top of her head, breathing her in. They somehow relaxed and sparkled in each other's presence.

"Great company, too," she'd said, lightly punching my shoulder as though we'd been friends for years. I was not at all surprised at how quickly I'd been delegated to the 'my-pal-Owen' category. "The best even. I think he knows someone who can help me find Mary Jane."

That made Grady laugh. "Yeah. Owen knows her well."

I'd thought about her -- about them -- the entire weekend after that first encounter. Especially the way she'd turned back and sent me a wink as thanks for the weed hook up.

Annika told me once I was harmless. It made me wonder if that was my problem. Why I could never seem to make a relationship work. Would a woman only be interested if I were able to give her a thrill? A hint of something other than run-of-the-mill?

Maybe I'm too stable. Too vanilla upon first glance.

But I know I'm not vanilla. Because now here I am. With the aftertaste of her pussy and his come in my mouth. No longer harmless in the 'friend-zone'.

Thunder cracked outside, jolting me from my trance and I rocked back on my heels, knees and calves a little achy from my crouched position, my hot pussy breath whooshing over Annika's skin, making it goose up in bumps. Hands still spreading her inner thighs, I heard her breathe my name -- and the sound sent tingles up my spine. Her head was turned to the doorway. I looked over at the four silhouettes standing in the frame, light at their backs, their faces glowing an ominous red in the warm light. Back to Annika.

What the fuck?

Had Grady done this on purpose?

"All right, Owen?" she whispered, her eyes searching my face. I licked my lips, overwhelmed once again by her taste, gave a subtle shrug to look over again at the men -- my friends -- to gauge their reactions.

Like Cheshire, Ezra grinned -- his teeth stark white against his coffee bean skin and the moody dark red of the room -- and made a sound of pleasure at the back of his throat. I gulped as he rubbed his palms together before slapping Grady smartly on the back.

"Now I know why you guys hardly ever fuck here," he said, bringing a fisted hand to his mouth, biting into the knuckle.

Yes. I knew why, too. And wasn't it glorious?

"Oh, fuck me," Jude breathed, rubbing his hands up over his face to fist in his hair. My eyes darted from Jude, my buddy with the typical Aussie beach-bum good looks, to Matias, short and stocky like a boxer, who turned and rested his forehead against the doorframe. Knocked out a gentle tattoo against the wood.

I brought a hand up to my slackened and slick mouth, wiped Annika's juices away, knew I'd smell her and Grady in my scruffy beard for hours to come. I wished the dumbfounded look I felt on my face could just as easily be swiped away.

I knew how this looked. Grady's hot girlfriend tied to the bed -- an offering, a dare -- and me, Master of None, having clearly just finished a fine feast of the flesh.

How much had they seen?

Had they seen me make her come?

Please, please. Let them have seen me make her come.

The heavy pulse trapped behind my pelvic bone throbbed, spread slow like thick honey through my bones, sticking me to the floor. I couldn't move if I tried. I looked over to Grady, desperately seeking a clue as to what would happen next.

He moved over to the bed, eased down and kissed Annika chastely on the lips.

"Remember when we were talking, about all... this, after that night with Owen?" My throat closed over in memory. The desire to leave, the compulsion to stay. The delicious delight quickly followed by embarrassed vulnerability. That night inspired all this? I wondered.

"And," Grady continued, "you saying something about having fantasies. With my friends. Not just Owen."

Again. With me, again. My heart thrumped in anticipation.

Annika bit her lip and nodded, eyes moving down her body to see me, framed by the wide V of her thighs, sharing a small, secret smile before darting to the doorway. She sighed, nodded again, lifting her head to kiss Grady's chin.

"Nika, baby," he whispered, the low husky sound making her muscles tense against her binding. "I love you." From my vantage point I could see the subtle tilt and rock of her pelvis, her abdomen jumping with need.

Grady turned his head, speared me with a dark look. "Up for some fun, Owen?" he murmured, face smooth and patient. Saliva pooled beneath my tongue.

"Fuck, yes," I sighed in unison with Annika. I smiled softly at the simultaneous declaration of desire; she breathed out a small chuckle. I felt my cheeks heat and finally my body responded to orders to move. I went over to sit on the window seat with my back against the cool glass.

I wanted to watch.

"Any time you want us to stop, just say so, okay?" His eyes flicked from her, to me, to her again.

Annika nodded again, apprehension clearly melding with arousal -- fuck, I felt it too -- a combination that made her toes curl. I wished fleetingly to move, to touch her, reassure her.

"Let's see what happens," Grady whispered, lowering himself to the bed, easing his woman's anxieties with soft, sumptuous kisses. His tongue traced the shape of her mouth -- I, too, desperately wanted to kiss her -- before its slow invasion. Annika's eyes closed in pleasure and relief; relief to be focusing on something other than exposure. Her thighs tensed, signalling a desire to stretch, lever her against the wedge to get the blood moving through her limbs.

My hands fisted on my knees.

Annika moaned into Grady's mouth as he palmed her right breast, softly kneading the heavy, tender flesh. Breathing in this sight, I vaguely registered sounds of movement in the room: under the steady beat of rain I heard a zipper releasing, cloth rustling against skin, footsteps creaking the floor. All elusive and hard to grasp over the storm that was Grady's mouth on Annika's and their heavy breathing.

"Fuck, this is hot," I heard Jude say, looking up to see him standing beside me. "You've done this before?"

I rubbed a hand over my chin and jaw. "Something like this, yeah."

Jude's pale blue eyes moved from my face to the couple on the bed, nodding. "Can't say I blame you. She's a dream."

Yes. She was. They were.

Jude stepped to the base of the bed and covered Annika's entire gash with the palm of his hand. His fingers were long and think. She pulled away from Grady's kisses and smiled suggestively at Jude.

"Hey, sailor," she said, her body clearly wanting to move with pleasure.

"Hey, Annika," he said, rubbing his hand through her folds, spreading that luscious juice from pussy to puckered hole, back up again to circle lazily around her clit. Grady's lips had descended to her neck, his heavy breath and light lips causing Annika to curl her chin into her right shoulder in an attempt to ward off the dual sensations.

Slowly, Jude sunk two fingers inside her -- fingers that together were almost as thick as my cock. It throbbed and I slowly released the catch and zipper of my pants, eased a hand down to cup the ache.

"Not yet, mate," Grady said, eyes pinning me as his fingertips tickled a trail from between Annika's breasts to circle her belly button. Her nipples were pebbled hard and I wanted nothing more than to crawl over and nurse them. Removing my hand, I licked my lips, telling myself to wait. Just wait until Grady gave me the go-ahead. He smirked at me and lowered his face back to the warm curve of Annika's neck.

I realised then that Grady was whispering to her; things we couldn't hear, but things that had a visceral effect on her body. She would intermittently bite her lip, nod, squeeze her eyes shut tight. Pull at the restraints.

"Fuck, she's tight," Jude said, pressing his thumb to Annika's clit as he gently pumped into her. Her breathing became more laboured, shaky. I knew that sound. She was close.

"More," she breathed, turning her face to cotton pillowcase. Rain lashed at the windows and I craned my neck to watch as Jude stretched her by adding a third finger. He established a slow, rocking rhythm, one that kept her warm and wanting.

Willing.

My nostrils flared as her sex filled the room, as Jude increased the tempo and pace of his fingers. His thumb crudely rubbed over her clit and his fingers squenched with each thrust.

"Oh, fuck," she moaned, fingers gripping the ropes, searching for purchase. I watched her toes flex and curl, her heels press into her fleshy thighs, trying desperately to lift herself and fuck Jude's fingers. She groaned in frustration, arms going lax as she was forced to absorb the pleasure.

"Please," she begged, turning to bury her nose at the top of Grady's head. "Please."

At the shattering slam of the front door, we all jolted; the room came to a standstill, thick with tension and heavy breathing. Ezra was leaning against the closed bedroom door, arms crossed over his chest.

"Matias had to go," he shrugged, bringing a hand up to his face to scratch at the stubble on his chin and conceal his grin. "As you were."

We all laughed softly. A disjointed sound of collective nervousness. Collective desire.

Ezra was the first to move, the first to break the silence. He moved across the room and sat next to me on the window seat, handed me a joint as he brought his knee up to rest his forearm.

"Here, man," he said. "Relax."

As I ignited the blunt, Jude pressed a hand to Annika's lower abdomen, pressing there as he recommenced his thorough finger fucking. She sighed, angled her face to Grady's, seeking his lips, his reassurance.

"I love that you never loosened your grip, Annika," Jude said, making Grady chuckle into her neck.

"Once she takes hold, she won't let go," he said as I passed the joint to Ezra.

Grady's hand moved down to Annika's core, his fingers duelling with Jude's. He coated his fingers in her juices before continuing downwards, pressing his middle finger to her anus.

Annika groaned, trashed against her bindings at the new sensation.

"Fuck. Fucking fuck. Please," she whimpered, "now."

"Just hold on a little longer, Nika," Grady soothed, moving his mouth to her ear to whisper silent secrets. She bit her lip again, sighed in an attempt to regain some modicum of control as Grady probed her nether region.

Jude bent forward, arm angled in a way that indicated his search for her G-spot -- a rough patch of skin I'd searched for in women relentlessly to no avail. I watched, transfixed on his technique as he pressed harder to her lower abdomen, as Annika's pussy stretched to accommodate his ruthless exploration, the girth of his three fingers.

Annika was sobbing -- incoherent words and pleas as Ezra and I slowly finished the joint.

"Fuck," he breathed on a plume of smoke, passing the splif back to me to finish. He shifted on the seat, adjusted his pants and I stole a look, eyes widening at the bulge tented there.

I desperately wanted to taste his come. The thought made my cheeks flush warm under my beard; made me squirm in my seat.

I'm not all together sure why I like the taste of come. Granted, I've only tasted Grady's beyond my own. To me, it just tastes like sex. But the porn I watch, the fantasies I have all include a guy eating a creampie, sharing snowball kisses, licking come from a woman's body.

I've never been brave enough to bring it up with a woman I'd been involved with. The casual, fleeting nature of those interactions -- the unspoken agreement of a 'fling' -- kept me quiet for fear of rejection.

I don't think I'm gay -- or even bisexual. I love women and have no active desire to suck a guy off. Maybe I have an inferiority complex because I like to watch guys. How they can make a woman come with their dick alone, how a pussy stretches around their meat and gapes after. How a cunt still pulses in an effort to hold onto their seed.

Sucking in the last breath of burn, I flicked the butt out the window, chasing it with a sighing exhalation. The storm had died down; all that remained were soft liquid sounds from the drainpipe, from tyres slushing through puddles. The fresh air kept my head clear, but my throat was tight -- a sure sign of a solid green settling in -- and my cock throbbed.

Grady's middle finger was buried to the knuckle in Annika's backside; Jude had leaned forward to suckle Annika's right nipple while pressing his weight to his forearm across her lower belly. His fingers continued to thrust into her, over and over, hard and relentless as he moaned into her flesh.

"I can't," Annika sobbed, "I can't hold it. Please, please let me come."

"She'll break my fucking fingers," Jude muffled against her chest, but this threat didn't deter him. No. He dug deep and found more to give.

And she took it.

"Please," she said, breath caught, her body tight and tense, balancing on a precipice.

Grady's finger began to thrust in perfect counterpoint to Jude. "Come," he commanded just as he covered her mouth with his, her moan of thanks smothered against his lips. He broke their kiss and latched on to her left nipple, using lips, teeth and tongue to tug and tease the pierced flesh.
