 Randy drove slowly through the red light district of Peoria. Work had brought him to Peoria, but his lust drove him to the decaying west end of the town. He had been through this town many times, driven down the gritty streets, watching as half naked women, some young and others not so young walked the sidewalks, waving and smiling at him through the car window. But this time was different. He was actually going to do this, this night, with one of these. 

Trapped in an unfulfilling marriage with an unresponsive unattractive blob of complacency, he could sublimate no more. He finally had gotten up the nerve and was ready to live out some fantasies with someone who would be willing to play along at the right price. He would command and pay for their response, but at least they would be pretending to connect to him. 

He knew what he wanted. A brunette, slender but with some curves, long hair, dark eyes. A real sweetheart who would really want to earn her money. He drove several blocks without seeing her. Then he caught a glimpse. Dark curly hair, fair skin, flashing eyes. Not tall, but nice proportions with a curvy plump ass and tits spilling from her top that was pulled off her creamy shoulders. She turned and saw him and smiled the kindest smile he had ever seen. This was it, now or never. It was exactly what he was looking for. He had been fucking a slut like this in his mind for years. He rolled down the window. 

"How much?" She leaned over into the window, her cleavage staring him in the face. 

"Depends on what you want, twenty for straight, other stuff more depending on what it is you want." 

She smelled clean, like soap and rosewater. Her voice and scent didn't go with the slutty off the shoulder top and miniskirt that barely covered her round ass. 

"What would you want for all night, anything I want until tomorrow morning?" Her kohl rimmed eyes widened. She fingered the narrow silver chain around her slender neck. She shrugged, "I guess $200 would get you anything you want until seven tomorrow morning." 

He nodded his assent. "Do you have a place where we can go?" 

"Yeah, up the next block and then one street to the left. It's just a room, but it's clean and nobody will bother us." 

"Get in." 

He watched as she settled herself into the sedan, self-consciously pulling her miniskirt down to cover as much as she could. Randy laughed to himself. A whore who was trying to maintain some modesty. 

"I like to see some leg if you don't mind." She looked up at him almost bashful, blushing, but she did as she was told and let the mini ride up her thighs, flirting with exposing some ass. 

"A blushing whore. What on earth I have I bought?" Randy thought as drove slowly through the twilight. 

Stealing sideways glances as he drove, he tried to determine her age. She wasn't a child, that was for sure, but there was almost an innocence in the way she bit her bottom lip and nervously picked at her schoolgirl manicure. 

"There," she said pointing, "The house on the right." 

She motioned to an old Victorian in the middle of the block. Not entirely unrespectable looking in some ways, just more like any one of several apartment houses Randy had rented a room in while he was in college. 

He parked the car across the street from the house and watched the girl as she fumbled in her purse trying to find her keys. She looked childlike, with her wide eyes, upturned nose, and smooth porcelain skin, but at the same time was pure sex, come and give it to me hard, let me taste your body type of lustiness oozing out of her. 

He liked the way her chocolate curls fell across her face went she bent her head forward. She had exquisite features, not hardened at all, but almost refined and very sweet in her softness. Her lips pouted as she searched for the keys. He wanted to grab her and kiss those lips, bite them and suck on them, but he waited patiently. 

"There," she announced, holding up a key ring decorated with a silver filigree heart, "I finally found them. I live upstairs. We'll have to go through the front entry. I hope you don't mind. The room is pretty private. The bathroom is on one side and the room on the other side is vacant, so we can make noise, if that's what you want." 

She smiled at him wrinkling her nose like she was laughing at some inside joke they shared, her white teeth flashing in the darkening car. 

"Sure, why not make some noise", thought Randy, wondering why he suddenly felt embarrassed at the thought of anyone hearing them.

They got of the car, Randy matching her step, which was somewhat shortened and slowed because of her red stiletto heels and let her lead the way. They entered a dim entry hall and climbed up steep, dark creaking stairs. They made their way around a corner and came to a door at the end of the hall. 

"Here we are", she said, unlocking and swinging open the ancient varnished door with a solid glass doorknob, "It's not much, but it's home." 

Randy stepped in and the girl quickly turned on a lamp with a rose colored shade. The room was meticuliously clean and almost little girl-like in its charm. The ivory satin wallpaper was faded and loose in a few placed, but was covered with tiny pink tea roses. Her dresser, vanity and night table were covered with little what-nots, antique looking porcelain dolls and fancy perfume bottles. 

Surprisingly, there were stacks of books in odd corners, but a large bed dominated the room, covered with an almost virginal looking quilt. It looked more like the bedroom of a debutante than of a common streetwalker, but Randy was beginning to wonder just how common could this streetwalker be. Not many whores would have the same taste in literature that this one had. As he picked up a few tomes he realized few debutantes would have read some of the works that this little slut had in her boudoir. She definitely had a taste for reading material that would challenge many educated people in the world he inhabited. 

She turned after moving an arm load of throw pillows off the bed into the floor. He could see her now for the first time clearly, as it had been nearly dark when he selected her for purchase. She was exactly what he needed. She was the right height, had luscious soft looking tits, small waist spreading down into rounded hips and backside. Her hair fell just below her shoulders and he could have stared at her hypnotic eyes all day. He moved toward her to take her in his arms, but she quickly turned away, reaching towards a CD player that was half hidden under the bedcovers.

"We need to have some music, don't we?" she asked as she touched a button, the room filling with a Bach concerto. 

Randy shook his head slightly, not knowing what to say or think. He felt a little dizzy. How could this little street trollop know that he would like that better than any background music she could have chosen? 

He reached out and pulled her roughly by her small wrists towards him and staring deeply into her eyes, moved down toward her reddened lips, and devoured them. 

After a few moments he released her, his head swimming, and said, "Your name, what is it?" 

"Isabella." 

That made sense. This was not a Trixie, a Rita, a Krystal, or a Bambi. This was an Isabella, well read and accustomed to making love to men to the strains of some of the finest symphonies in the world. 

He reached to taste more of her. She melted into him like a small kitten purring, her small hand running down his chest and then down until she touched his manhood, hardening through his pants. She pressed and stroked him and he released his kiss to pull her top down further, exposing her breasts, her light brown nipples erect and upturned. He moved downward, taking them into his mouth, first licking and sucking the tips, but then latching on and pulling her nipple back into his mouth. She began breathing heavily and before he realized what was happening she pressed into him and moaned. When she relaxed, he released her from his mouth.

"Did you just come?" 

She nodded shyly and dropped her eyes. Was this a little actress or was she for real? She couldn't be real. He abruptly reached his hand up under her skirt and pushed a lacy thong aside. Well, her cunt was certainly soaked. It would be hard to fake that. 

"What do you want me to do for you tonight?" she asked quietly as he felt of her private parts, enjoying her warmth and wetness. 

"First of all, you need to drop to your knees and suck me some." 

He loosened his belt and quickly dropped his pants and underwear. Isabella obediently dropped to her knees and at first licked and kissed the crease at his groin on both sides. She flitted, teasing her tongue across his cock as she switched from one side to the other and only when he insisted did she then finally start on the cock itself, licking and then taking it in her mouth. She ran her warm wet tongue around the head and the hole and then flicked it repeatedly on the underside just below the head. Then, much to his surprise, she deep throated him in one motion, almost gagging herself on his length, but recovering quickly and diving her nose down to his pubic bone again, covering his entire shaft with her mouth and throat. 

Randy felt his eyes rolling back with the intensity of the sensations she was providing him. He couldn't last long with much of this. He quickly reached down and pulled her to her feet. He pulled her top and skirt the rest of the way off and she stood standing before him clad only in a red lace thong. 

"Turn around." 

Yes this was nice, a white creamy plump ass with a thong dissecting the two cheeks. 

"Bend over". 

Isabella obligingly bent forward over the bed. Randy reached out and kneaded the ass flesh and then decided to rid her of the thong, pulling it down to her ankles. He could see her fat shaven pussy lips as she lie bent over the bed. He spread her ass cheeks exposing her tight asshole. He mounted her and slowly began to spread her fleshy lips around his penis. For a whore who probably serviced dozens of men a week she was exquisitely tight. She was certainly well lubricated and with some patient pushing, he was finally able to enter her completely, filling her to the rim of her cunt with his hard cock. 

"You have a cock that could cut diamonds, you know that?" she whispered, as she began rocking her hips back and forth accepting his penetration, grabbing his cock with her wet flesh. 

He smiled at her compliment and had to agree that it was quite hard. He could not remember ever having been so aroused. He rode her until she seemed to have gotten off several times. It seemed to be real. Her body quivered and tensed, throbbing around his flesh. Each time she came it seemed to be accompanied by a gush of more warm pussy juice over his cock. After her fifth orgasm, he pulled out despite her cries of protest. 

"Get down her and suck, you bitch. Lick your own pussy juice off of me." 

She obeyed and actually seemed to enjoy it, licking and slurping all the way up and down his penis. He then again pulled her up to taste her mouth, filled with the taste of her own cunt and then pushed her back down over the bed. He entered her quickly this time, plunging in just a few times to lubricate his cock. He pulled out and began spreading her ass cheeks, fingering her tight little asshole. 

"Do you mind?" 

"No, go ahead, I really like it." 

What a little liar, he thought. He had never met a woman who liked it. You were lucky to find a woman who would tolerate it even once before they told you that you must be some kind of pervert. Well, he was paying for it, so she should say she liked it. He pressed the tip of his dick against her opening and began prying her ass open. 

She tensed a little for a moment and then said, "Go ahead, take it." 

With that he pushed it into her with one smooth stroke as she cried out, struggling to accept him. It was like heaven to feel her close up around him. He pulled at her hair, forcing her to arch her back, pressing her ass closer against him. He pulled her until she was fully erect on her feet, his dick still impaling her ass, pumping insistently as they stood front to back. She was moaning and he reached around, delicately fingering her clit and pussy as she accepting his ramming. Her wetness was running down onto her thighs. He felt his penis swell and fill and her ass began to be filled with his hot semen. He jerked repeatedly, emptying completely inside her. He rested his head over her shoulder as he composed himself. He slowly left her and turned her towards him, kissing her softly. 

"Go down and clean it with your mouth." 

She smiled slyly, arching one eyebrow. She finally had realized who she was dealing with. As she took him into her mouth, he closed his eyes and enjoyed her warm touch. 

"This is what sex should be," he thought. 

He lifted her again to her feet and picked her up gently, as though she were his bride. He placed her on the bed and crawling in next to her, pulling the crisp, bleach scented sheets over them both. He cupped her small body in his, putting his arms around her, owning her for the night.