 I was on the other side of the store when you walked in. Catching you from the corner of my eye I hurried over to ring up your items. 

Casually striking up conversation with you as I scanned your items my eyes couldn't help but scan your body. You standing there in those shorts that showed off your silky smooth legs, all the way up to just below your ass, and that shirt that showed your stomach and shaped your breasts perfectly. 

we keep talking after I ring you up, walking around the store as I do my work but eventually we just end by the counter, you sitting on top and me to your left.

Our conversations getting more personal and intimate as we talk about past experiences and adventures, and eventually things we do and don't like to do and done to us. My hand makes it's way onto your leg, my thumb moving back and forth. I was slowly getting more and more turned on, and my hand started rubbing up and down your leg, my fingers trailing behind. Whether it was willing or subconscious your legs spread apart slightly. 

I looked up at you, and saw you biting your lip while looking away. taking it as a sign I lean in and pull your lips to mine. While surprised at first, you quickly wrap your arms around my neck and kiss back. I stand between your now fully parted legs, kissing and slightly biting your lips as you start to slightly moan into my mouth.

my hand runs up one leg and down the other, then makes it's way up your shirt. moving your bra up freeing your breasts, I can feel your hard nipples on my fingertips as I begin to play with them.

your hands make their way to my zipper, pulling down and slipping inside my pants. Your hands on me, growing harder and harder with each small rub you make. I see customers start to arrive at the store and grab you, pulling you down onto your knees. I start to help the first customer you slip my cock out of my pants and into your mouth. I give a slight jump as you do. Rubbing your fingernails on the underside of my balls sends shivers running down my side as I fight the urge to lose my job and mount you right there in front of everyone to see. After the wave of customers is over, I look down, seeing the devilish grin on your face and lust in your eyes I pull you up, sliding down your shorts and panties and sitting you back on the counter. 

Spreading your legs, putting them up on on top of my shoulders, I lean in kissing up your legs up to right above your clit. The smell of you drives my lust as I lick the entirety of your slit. taking in how good you taste, and the slight moan escaping your mouth, I go in for another taste. This time going deeper, spreading your lips, tongue feeling the pressure of being inside of you before pulling out and sucking on your clit. Feeling your hands on my shoulders, squeezing, drives me to suck harder, flicking it with my tongue. I keep going between that and licking up your quickly building juices. Bringing you to the edge of orgasm I back off, look up at you and smile whispering "not yet" into your ear as I stand up, pulling your panties back up but leaving your shorts off. 

I bring you into the back cooler, closing the door behind us the sudden temperature change sends goosebumps all over our skin. My fingers trailing up the back of your legs, over the bottom of your ass and up to your panties where I grab ahold of them and pull them back down. 

My hand squeezing your ass, moving down so my fingers can feel your soaked pussy. I push you down over a stack of drinks, loosening my belt letting my pants fall to the floor. My cock still hard from your mouth slides easily inside of you. Hearing you gasp slightly as I fill you up. slowly thrusting in and out of you, my hands on your shoulders. I reach around and start to play with one of your breasts as I start to thrust faster and faster. Going as deep as I can, pinching and rolling your nipples in my fingers. 

I grab a handful of your hair, pulling you up while still sliding in and out of you. kissing and biting your neck, my hand moves down as I start to rub your clit. Going faster and faster, your moans drive me wild. I feel you clench down on me as you start to orgasm. My other hand grabbing your breast as I thrust deep inside of you, shooting my load inside of you, cumming right as you are. 

We get dressed again and go back out to the counter where she grabs her things and walks out the door, still full of cum.