 This is the first in what I plan to be a series of journal entries about my time at college. I’m starting at my freshman year and plan to work my way up to now, my senior year. All of the stories are true.

My name is Amanda, and I’m an 18-year-old college freshman. Up to this point in my life I’ve always been shy. Oh, I have a good social life, I have lots of friends and had my share of boyfriends through high school, it’s just that I want more. I decided a fresh start at college is the perfect chance to get it. I vowed to be more outgoing and aggressive once I got there.

Before I go on, let me give you a quick description of myself. I’m about 5’7”, with very long light brown hair (half way down my back when I wear it straight and down) that still has it’s summer highlights and green eyes. I’ve always kept in pretty good shape, but over the summer I decided I wanted to go away to college in great shape. I’ve spent the last 8 weeks working out almost every day and it’s really starting to show its effects. I’ve lost close to 10 pounds and have really firmed up. My stomach went from a little soft to firm and flat. That’s the only part of me that’s flat though, since I’ve been able to keep my curves. They come from my 34c breasts and nice firm ass (guys always tell me it’s my best feature). Basically, I always thought I looked pretty good. I went away to college knowing I looked REALLY good.

After a week or so, I felt like I was getting settled into my new life at college. My roommate, Kelly, is also a freshman and we we’re getting along well. 

I walked into history that morning and saw him again. I’m pretty sure the teacher called him Matt during last class. He was gorgeous. He has to be over 6’, maybe 6’2”, and he has a great body. He obviously works out, but he isn’t too bulky. Just how I like guys. Then there are his eyes. Deep, deep blue, perfect for staring into. Finally he’s got great hair (hair makes the man, you know!) It was dirty blonde, very short on the sides and gelled up so it was spiky on top. Basically, I was in lust from the first time I saw him.

I decided Matt would be my first attempt at showing off my new outgoing aggressive self. All through class I worked up the courage to just go right up to him after class and ask him out sometime.

The professor ended the lecture, my big chance was here. As I walked up to him, Matt turned around. I suddenly made eye contact and melted. All I could do was barely mumble a “Hi.” Luckily he wasn’t quite so tongue tied.

“Hi, my name is Matt.”

“Hi.” (You idiot, that not outgoing and aggressive!)

He laughed and said, “Want to go to lunch with me? What’s your name by the way?”

I’m saved! “I’m Amanda, I’d love to go.”

We headed for the cafeteria in my dorm. On the way I finally loosened up. We made some small talk and I began to feel a lot more relaxed. It turns out he’s a freshman also so he was looking to meet new people just like I was.

We got along well at lunch, and we were flirting more than a little bit by the time we were done eating. It turned out that neither of us had class for the rest of the afternoon and my roommate Kelly wouldn’t be back until after dinner, so I asked Matt if he wanted to hang out in my room for a while. He eagerly accepted and we headed upstairs. I couldn’t believe my luck. 

We had been sitting on the small couch that Kelly brought from home, watching TV for a while. The couch was just barely big enough for two, which was just fine with me. It gave me lots of chances to ‘accidentally’ rub up against him. There was all kinds of sexual chemistry in the air. I’m sure he noticed it, and I KNOW I did. I hadn’t done anything with a guy for over a month, since my high school boyfriend and I broke up because we were going away to different schools. I was getting very horny, and thankful that Kelly got some free condoms from the resident assistant to keep in her desk, just in case!

Then it happened. Very gently, but quickly, he leaned over and kissed me. I opened my lips slightly and let his tongue in. Just as quickly I had one hand on the back of his head and one on his chest, while he had one on the back of my head and one on my ass. As our tongues played games our hands slowly explored. His chest and shoulders were so firm. I worked my way under his shirt, his chest was hairless, perfectly smooth. I love that! Damn this boy was sexy! I could feel my panties getting moist already. One of his hands worked its way under my shirt also while the other ran through my hair. He quickly unclipped my bra and pulled the straps down. At the same time I grabbed his shirt and ripped it over his head, breaking our kiss just long enough to get it off.

I pushed him onto his back as my hands worked all over his chest, stomach, arms, and shoulders. At the same time he pulled my shirt over my head. My bra fell off exposing my breasts. He said, “Amanda, they are perfect” as he put one in each hand. I was now sitting up grinding myself over his crotch as he massaged my breasts. He was lightly pinching each nipple as he rubbed. 

“Oh god, that feels awesome Matt!”

“I promise, you haven’t felt anything yet.”

“I’m going to hold you to that!”

With that he pushed me on my back and quickly sucked one nipple into his mouth. Nibbling, sucking, and licking while he kept massaging my other breast with one hand. I was running my fingers through his sexy hair, I just love doing that, when I felt his other hand rub the crotch of my shorts. Oh god, I almost came on the spot! 

I felt him unbutton my shorts and work them down. He wasn’t wasting any time as he worked my panties off also. Suddenly, he jumped down between my legs. I more than willingly spread them for him, and I felt his tongue lightly brush against my lips. 

I moaned, trying to say his name as my body quivered. Slowly his tongue worked its way deeper, exploring every inch of my pussy. This boy knew what he was doing! After just a few minutes I worked my way up to a stunning orgasm. As my body stopped shaking, I pulled away and grabbed his face for a deep passionate kiss, tasking my own juices.

“Thank you, Matt. Now it’s your turn.”

He started to answer when I grabbed the bulge in his shorts. He was very hard, and felt big. I unbuttoned his shorts and just about ripped them off, dropping his boxers in the same motion. As I pushed him onto his back on the couch, I got my first look at the prize. It was the most beautiful thing I’d ever seen. I couldn’t help but to think that I’d been hooking up with boys in high school, and now I was with a man. He wasn’t huge, but it was still the biggest cock I’d ever seen at that point in my life, probably 7” and nice and thick. He was also totally shaved clean, not a single hair on his cock or balls. I had never seen one like that, but decided quickly that I loved it!

I wrapped my hand around his rock hard shaft and immediately went for his balls. I lightly licked each one, enjoying the smoothness on my tongue. I slowly sucked one ball into my mouth, toying with it with my tongue as I began to stroke his shaft. I was stroking extra slowly, really enjoying myself. Judging by the moaning so was Matt.

I licked my way up the shaft to his head, circling it while I stroked. I was starting to stroke faster when I suddenly plunged down taking half of his cock into my mouth.

“Oh FUCK, Amanda! That feels awesome!”

I said, “I promise, you haven’t felt anything yet”, with a laugh. He just moaned some more.

I began to pick up the pace, sliding more and more in my mouth, then just working on the tip, then suddenly plunging down again. I’d gotten pretty good with my last boy friend, so even though Matt was bigger I could eventually fit almost all of him in my mouth. I guess I’ll need some practice for that last inch!

Eventually he started moaning much louder. Finally he said, “Amanda, pull back. I’m about to cum!”

I just ignored him, working even faster and deeper on his throbbing cock. I could feel his balls tighten up with my hand and got ready. He shot 5 or 6 loads deep into my throat, almost choking me, but I kept it down. I pulled back and lightly milked the last few drops of cum out of his cock, licking them up while I stared into his eyes and smiled.

“Wow, thank you Amanda, that was amazing!”

I laughed again and with my sexiest voice said, “You don’t think we’re done, do you?”

He laughed too and leaned in for another passionate kiss.

To be continued in the next chapter…