 My wife returns from having drinks with the girls a bit tipsy and flirtatious. I stand up to watch her plunk her car keys and purse down on the dining table. She ambles over to me, throws her arms around me, and gives me a deep kiss. Her mouth tastes of rum and pineapples. She takes off her over-coat and slings it on the back of the couch. I notice her bare legs and remember that she left earlier wearing something. "Where are your pantyhose?" I ask. 

"They're tights, dear. And they're in my purse," she says, walking toward the bedroom. I look over to the table and, sure enough, her tights are sticking out of her open purse. 

"Honey?" I call after her as I follow her into our room. She stops just inside our bedroom and I walk up behind her and put my hands on her shoulders. "Did you snag them again?" I ask, knowing her history.

"No," she says, turning around. "I took them off in the car so I could finger myself." 

She has a raw, daring look in her eye, helped along by the rum no doubt. I notice that her blouse-already low cut and thin-has a couple buttons undone. I can see her red bra and a glimpse of her stomach. She kisses me, her warm tongue probing in my mouth. "I got so horny tonight, I couldn't wait until I got home. Besides," she tilts her head to the side, tossing me a playful glance, "I think you'll like the story." She re-buttons her blouse, save for the top button. "We had this waiter who couldn't take his eyes off us. He kept trying to look down all of our shirts. My second drink was pretty strong, so I decided to give him something to look at. I told Karen and Tina what I wanted to do if he kept looking-you know, being really obvious-and they thought it would be funny."

"I don't think you get to go out with them anymore," I joked. 

"Well, he came back with our food and kept leaning over to look down my shirt, so when he left to get the rest of our order, I popped a button. When he came back, I thought his jaw had come unhinged."

"How much could he see?" I ask. She bends over slightly, only the top button undone. I can easily make out the lace that trims her red bra plunging to a front-clasp closure. Cleavage is the second priority in this view. 

"He almost dropped our fries trying to set them on the table. He couldn't take his eyes off my tits. It made me really horny, knowing this guy was turned on." She puts her arms around my neck and starts kissing me. I want to be jealous, but this whole scene is a turn on for me as well. I kiss her passionately for a moment, tongues fully entwined, active, tasting rum in her mouth. I kiss across her cheek, to her ear, and down her neck to her collarbone. Her breathing grows heavier.

"After he had come back to service our table a couple more times, I buttoned back up," she says.

"You did. Why?" I ask.

"Because I could hardly stand it anymore."

"Did he say anything?" I say, between kisses. I trace the line of her collarbone from one side to the other, while I stealthily begin unbuttoning the rest of her blouse. 

"He didn't," she says, "but I did. When Karen and Tina went to the bathroom, he came back over and asked if there was anything, 'and I mean anything I can do for you,'" she emulates a deep seductive voice. "You wouldn't believe what I told him." I finish unbuttoning her blouse and stop kissing her. My eyes and hands slowly make their way to her breasts, now in full view, tucked inside the red lace bra, the object of another man's attention not an hour ago.

"What did you say?" I asked, starting to gently run the backs of my hands across her erect nipples.

"When he asked if there was anything he could do, I motioned him closer and told him this: after giving you a clear view down my shirt, my pussy is so wet I'm about to go insane, and I really want to have someone fucking me right now. But since you reacted like a boy in Jr. High with just a glimpse of my tits, I don't want to know what you'd do if I had my skirt around my waist."

"You said that? You said 'fucking' right there at the table?"

"I said it in a loud whisper," she says, clearly pleased with herself. "I thought he was going to faint."

I can't take anymore of this. I unclasp her bra and start kissing her tits. I make sure the bra does not reveal her nipples yet, though I can see their dark outline through her bra; she needs some teasing for this. While my mouth caresses her, my hands slide under her short black skirt, to the backs of her muscular legs, up and down, yet never going too high. Her breathing turns even heavier, letting a quiet moan escape. She slides her blouse and bra off in one motion and drops them to the floor. Taking her tits in her hands, she guides her stiff nipples toward my mouth. She gives me a groan of approval when my tongue circles first one nipple, then the other. I move one hand up her skirt, up the inside of her thigh. Before I could get to her panties, I feel a sticky dampness on her skin. This is amazing, I think to myself. By now, I am sucking on her nipples, swapping back and forth between them. My hand reaches her panties. She squats slightly, allowing me access. Her panties are soaked and hot; her cum is so thick it feels almost gelatinous. 

"Take off my panties," she says, in a musky groan, "no more foreplay, I've gotta have you in me."

I reach the other hand under her skirt, grab the waist of her panties and tug them off. When they get to her knees, she starts trying to step out of them. She pulls her short black skirt up to her waist, walks to the bed and lies down. Usually she would have caressed and sucked my cock, but tonight is her night. I quickly undress myself; my cock is hard, and as I touch it, I feel that pre-cum sensitivity. She spreads her legs, her shaved pussy glistens even with the limited lighting the hallway provides. I crawl onto the bed and start to gently kiss the inside of her thigh. She abruptly grabs my head. "Not tonight. Fuck me. Now. Hard."

She reaches down and guides my cock into her and I start pumping. She rocks her hips to meet each thrust. She spreads her legs wider and pulls her knees up; the angle is incredible. I hit a spot inside her; I feel it with the head of my cock. "Yeah, yeah, right there. Keep pounding right there," she says. I'm unable to sustain this pace. "I'm cumming," I say. 

"No, not yet, I need more," she says. And with that, I let go, spraying my cum up inside her pussy. She hunches back and lets out one scream, and another. I feel her juices all over my thighs. I certainly don't want this moment to end, her pussy tightens around my cock, coaxing out the last drops of my cum. When I am finished, I get up and go to the bathroom to clean up. I wipe off quickly, thinking maybe if I return with a towel for her, and a cuddle, that will make up for my quick release.

As I walk out of the bathroom, I cannot believe my eyes. Unlike me, she is not finished. Her legs are open wide, one knee tucked up beside her body, and she is fingering herself. Her pussy is red and dripping with my thick white cum. When she sees me enter the bedroom, she scoops some cum with her fingertips and brings them to her mouth. While some of it goes in her mouth, she leaves most of the glob sitting on her lips; making sure I am watching, she reaches down for another helping. She does this twice more, and on the third time closes her mouth, smacks her gooey lips together and tips her head back in a deliberate swallow. She smiles at my stark amazement, returns two fingers to her cunt, and sinks them deep. "Whenever you're ready," she says, "this is good for the car, but it isn't quite the same for me."

Because I didn't think she'd do it, and because I know her screaming will bring my cock up again, I say, "My cock can't hear you. A little louder, please."

"Did you like me yelling earlier? Ok, because I am so fucking horny. . ." She starts calling out to me in a speaking voice. "Did you hear that?" I teased, looking down at my member, "no?"

Then she really gets going. She lies all the way back on the bed, pulling the pillows out from beneath her head. "Fuck me, yeah I want it, fuck my dripping pussy." She screams so loud it startles me a bit, but then a chill of arousal sweeps through me. And I grow. I almost leap between her legs this time. She is so wet I can barely feel her, but I hear the sloshing of my thrusts. We move to a new position every few moments. When I am fucking her from behind, I smack her on the ass. She seems to love it, so I swat her harder; her ass turns a light shade of red. 

"Oh yes," she yells back to me, "I've been naughty, fuck my cunt and spank my ass!" She has never been like this. 

She is still wearing that black skirt, twisted around her and stained with cum, I hold onto it like a pair of reigns. The last few minutes of our escapade are almost silent, we are both exhausted, and I suspect the rum in her system has worn off. I cum in her again, from behind this time, she grinds back on me slowly, her pussy pulsates, squeezing every last bit my cum into her. I pull out of her and we collapse together. The humid smell of sweat and cum is thick in the air like a haze, and we sleep.