 This is the continuation of my last journal entry, "Stories of a College Coed Ch. 01." When I left off I had just finished sucking Matt's dick.

We kissed like that, wrestling with our tongues, for a few minutes. Neither of us could keep our hands off of each other. I rubbed his broad shoulders and hard chest while he grabbed my ass and breasts.

Soon he was kissing my face, neck, and shoulders, licking and lightly nibbling at the same time. While he did that, I worked my way down his chest, to his stomach, to his waist, and finally to his cock. I lightly rubbed his shaft and balls. They were so soft and smooth, felt so great in my hand. I grabbed his still soft shaft and in my sexiest voice whispered, “I want this inside me” into his ear.

That had a noticeable reaction as he moaned while his cock twitched. I could feel it starting to grow in my hands. What a feeling, knowing that it’s happening because of me. I whispered again, “I want you to fuck me Matt. Please fuck me.” 

I guess that pushed him over the edge. I could feel his cock spring to life in my hand as he picked me up and carried me to my bed. I pointed to the condoms in Kelly’s desk and watched as he rolled one onto his now rock hard 7”. I wanted to suck it nearly as much as I wanted to feel it inside me. 

He laid on top of me and I spread my legs for him. He kissed me deeply as I felt his cock head start to push on my pussy lips, trying to get in.  I spread my legs wider and wrapped them around his back, encouraging him to keep going.

“Someone knows what she wants.”

“Hell yeah, and you’re going to give it to me.”

We both laughed and moaned in between kisses. Our chemistry was amazing for two people who had just met a few hours before. 

He slowly worked his way inside me. Pushing in one inch then pulling back one inch. 

“You tease.”

“You won’t be calling me that when I’m done.”

“Just shut up and fuck me!”

“Your wish is my command.”

With that, he thrust his entire 7” into me.

“Oh fuck, Matt!”

“Yeah, that’s the idea Amanda.”

He kept the full 7” inside me for what seemed like an eternity, just slowly rubbing against my clit and pressing deeper. All the while I was moaning and wiggling beneath him. Finally, he started to slide out, just an inch, then back in. Then two inches and back in. Slowly, but firmly.

“Oh Jesus. Oh FUCK!” 

He worked up his pace until eventually he was slamming his whole cock in and out of me. I screamed his name again and again as I built to my second orgasm of the afternoon. Suddenly he stopped, slid his entire length in and out very slowly a couple of times, then went back to pounding hard and fast. That put me over the edge.

“God Matt, you’re making me cum again! Keep going, oh GOD, keep going!”

He slowed down again while I recovered, then I pushed him out of me and onto his back. I quickly straddled him and lowered myself onto his throbbing dick. At the same time he reached up to grab both of my breasts.

I rode the full length of his cock up and down, sliding all the way inside of me then almost all the way out, listening to him moan beneath me. After several more minutes I could feel him thrusting upwards. Soon I felt his cock twitching as it pumped load after load of cum out. That did it for me again. I screamed as I came for the third time. I layed with his cock still in me, kissing his chest and neck while I recovered my strength. 

When his cock stated shrinking I rolled off. I watched him stand up to take the condom off and throw it away. I leaned over the edge of the bed and licked him clean. Thank god it was a flavored condom!

“Wow Matt, that was amazing.”

“I know! Where’d a nice girl you learn to fuck like that?”

“You haven’t seen anything yet.”

We both laughed again then made plans to meet up later after we clean up some.

This could be the start of a beautiful relationship!