 I leave the shower running just incase you’ll come up stairs when it shuts off. Without drying off much I switch from the towel to a red silky robe belting it only loosely. Then I pull a chair from the corner of the room over to the foot of the bed. This will be your place only you don’t know it yet you’re still glued to the television worrying about who will score next. But not for long, I shut off the shower and wait listening for a commercial break. 

“Baby,” I call when it finally comes. “Could you come up here of a second? I need your help with something.” When I hear you start up the stairs, I go sit on the bed facing the chair. 

“What?” You say as you come through the door.

“Sit.” I point to the chair and you do. “I need you to hold this,” and I had you a bottle of lotion after I squeeze some out in my hands. You take it playing along. Then I place one foot on your chair between your knees and start working the lotion into my leg, leaning over so you have a nice view of my still damp breasts, as the robe parts slightly. I work my way up sliding more and more of the silken fabric away from me, giving you slight glimpses that I’m not wearing anything under the robe at all. Finished with that leg I switch them and hold out my hand and you squirt the needed lotion into my palm. Again I lean in my hands gliding over my smooth skin first along my calves and then higher up my thigh to the inside of my leg. Parting them ever so slightly you can see my pussy before I once again close the robe.  

Now I slide one arm out giving you full view of one of my breasts and again I hold out my hand for more lotion. This time you reach for me. “No, not yet,” I tell you and push your hand away. You start to protest but I put a finger over your lips, “Shhhhh, not yet.” This has you intrigued, and you sit back giving me more of the lotion and watch as I do one arm and cross my chest and then move on to the other arm then I come back and massage the cool lotion into my breast. Caressing and rubbing them, paying special attention to my nipples until they become hard under my touch. This has you squirming in your chair but you’ve made no further move to touch me. 

The whole time my robe as still been belted at my waist blocking any lower views. I untie it now and slide further back on the bed. Parting my legs I half lay and sit back across the bed, then I bend one knee up. This gives you a full unblocked view of my pussy. Which I slowly slide one finger down my slit barely parting my lips. Coming back up I make contact with my clit. And slowly I begin circling it with one finger and then two. Your eyes are glued to my fingers and pussy now, and I see you slip one of yours hands in you’re jeans. Faster now I work my clit and I moan softly, and then using one finger I slowly slide it inside me. Fucking my tight pussy with it I start out slow and as I quicken I add another finger, and then another until I’m fucking myself hard with 3 of my fingers. I can hear your breathing quickening and matching mine and just short of cumming I stop telling you to do the same. 

“Stop baby not yet, come here and put some of that lotion on my back,” and I roll over. You’re undressed before, I feel the weight of you on the bed beside me and I gasp as the cold lotion hits my heated skin. Then your warm hands begin massaging it into my back. You’re rubbing my shoulders and back slipping down my sides to the sides of my breasts and back up to my neck down to the small of my back and then across my ass giving it a slight smack. Once my skin has absorbed all the lotion you pull me up on my knees, and in one swift thrust you’re inside me. I almost cum then feeling your hard length inside me and then you begin to move. Pumping into me, hard and fast you reach up and pull my hair as you fuck me deeper and deeper. Then just as I’m about to cum you pull out and turn me over. 

“Do you want it baby?” You ask looking down at me. “Tell me how bad you want it babygirl and you can have it”

“Please.”

“Please what baby. Tell me”

“Please fuck me. Fuck me with that nice hard cock of yours until you cum inside me. I want you to fill me up. Cum inside me while I cum around you. Please baby, fuck me now.” 

You kiss me then your tongue parting my lips and plunging inside my mouth as your hard cock does the same all the way inside of my tight wet pussy. Your tongue’s flicking over mine in the same pace you fuck me. You kiss down my neck and begin sucking on my breasts as I moan and arch under you. 

“Oh god baby yes fuck me just like that,” I’m barely able to say between moans, as you fuck me harder and faster. I wrap my legs around you pulling you in deeper and then I pull you tight too me as I begin to cum around your hard throbbing cock, pushing you over the edge too. 

“God yes baby oh fuck.” You say as you come inside of me your hot cum mixing with all my sweet juices filling my pussy. Panting and both out of breath you lay on top of me breathing heavily and I smile to you running my hands through your hair and then across your back. 

“Thank you baby,” I say, “That’s exactly what I needed help with.”