 Rielle watched the radar all afternoon as the bonfire approached. The chance of severe storms they were forecasting stuck in her mind as she prepared for her guests. About an hour before everyone was supposed to arrive, the sky darkened, winds picked up, temperature dropped and the rain started. Her phone blew up with texts and calls from friends saying they weren't coming because of the weather. Almost everyone cancelled.

Rielle ran outside and brought everything into the house as quickly as possible as the warning sounded on the kitchen television. The radar flashed up onto the screen as she watched a long line of red and yellow storm cells heading straight for her. She began putting food away into storage containers and filling up her fridge. She turned the volume up so that she could keep track of the timing of the storm. They were calling for strong winds and nickel size hail.

As she was throwing the last of the serving spoons into the sink and starting the dishwater, she heard a knock on the door. She walked to the porch to see Logan standing outside, getting totally soaked in the downpour. She let him in and couldn't help but giggle. She had him stand in the entryway for a moment and grabbed a towel from the laundry room. As she tossed it in his direction, she laughed again. 

"You can toss your shirt and stuff in the dryer if you want." She started. "I'm not going to leave you standing around in wet clothes."

As she was finishing the dishes, Logan came up behind her and playfully tugged on her ponytail. She turned around to find him bare-chested, in just his shorts, which were still slightly wet from the rain. Instinctively, she reached out and poked him in the side. "Hey now," Logan responded. "Don't start something you can't finish!"

"Behave yourself" she giggled.

Just then, the television interrupted again with another warning. This time the meteorologist stated that there was a possible tornado forming near the next town to the Northeast. She looked out of the dining room windows and could see the dark clouds. 

"Feel like going to watch?" Rielle asked Logan. "We can stand on the porch, shouldn't get totally drenched."

"Sounds like a plan to me." 

They headed out onto the porch and watched the clouds as the storm drew closer. The thunder at times was deafening and the lightning flashing out across the fields was intense. As the wind picked up, Rielle stepped closer to Logan. The temperature was dropping, and she chilled. She wasn't sure if it was from fear, excitement, or both.

As she stood closer to him, Logan could smell Rielle's perfume on the wind. The scent stirred thoughts in his mind, but wasn't sure if it was a good time to act on those thoughts. He could feel himself getting aroused as she stood next to him. She looked great, wearing a short halter dress and flip flops. His mind began to wander, until a loud crack of lightning not far from the house accompanied by a heavy gust of wind caused Rielle to jump. Logan laughed.

"I meant to do that, you know." Rielle countered.

"Uh huh, sure you did, Miss Thunderstorm fanatic."

"Okay, so I'm not a huge fan of really, really severe stuff. Especially not this close to nightfall."

"Why's that? Big old farmhouse gets scary for you at night?"

"Possibly. You have one tornado come through your front yard when you're sleeping, you don't forget it." Rielle gestured to the tree stump across the driveway. It was all that remained of a giant oak tree that had been in the yard for years. It had been brought down by a tornado as it touched down, snapping and twisting the tree, dropping it just yards from the house.

And there was Logan's chance. The television in the living room sounded the warning tone again, and they both stepped over to the door so that they could hear the latest. "A Tornado Warning has been issued for the area" the meteorologist said. As they looked north toward town, they could see the funnel off in the distance. They watched as it touched down far away, and Rielle was reaching for her phone camera to take a picture when the power died.

"Logan," Rielle started. "I think it might be a good idea to head for the basement."

"Let's go" Logan replied. "I'll follow you."

"The stairs suck, just to warn you" Rielle said as she grabbed the flashlight at the basement door. She clicked it on and led the way down to a small room under the center of the house. It had a ledge with storage boxes piled high. Rielle opened a bag and pulled out an old faded quilt and a couple pillows. 

"The floor down here isn't the most comfortable, these should help." She fumbled in the dim light for the weather radio, and through the static picked up the information on the warning. She could hear the winds dying down outside. She walked across the basement and peered out of the external door. "The sky is a lovely shade of pea soup green, just in case you're wondering."

"Sounds wonderful" Logan replied.

Just then, the hail started. Rielle sat down next to Logan, and as the hail and winds picked up and intensified, she scooted closer to him. The wind seemed to roar outside, and she practically jumped onto his lap.

That was it. He couldn't take any more. He wanted her. He needed her.

Logan reached out and kissed Rielle slowly. Her body tensed and then relaxed as his kiss took over her. She began to kiss him back, and he could feel her gently shaking. 

He laid her down on the quilt, her head resting on the pillow and hovered over her. He kissed down her neck, over her shoulder, across her collarbone and back to the other side of her neck. He ran his hands over her breasts and down her legs. She shivered at his touch as he ran his hands down her side. As he positioned himself on top of her, he kissed her again. She could feel his hardness pressing against her. He could feel the heat coming from between her legs as she moved her hips beneath him. He ran his hands under her skirt, feeling her smooth skin and the soft fabric of her panties.

Just then, the weather radio crackled the all clear. "I really hate to stop this now" Rielle started. "But this basement creeps me out. Let's go back upstairs and see what's going on outside."

As they stood up and Rielle clicked the flashlight on to lead them up the stairs, her hand brushed the front of his shorts, teasing the length of his member which was still hard. He grabbed her hips and her ass as she walked up the stairs in front of him. 

As they walked through the living room, Rielle grabbed a throw blanket off of the couch before heading outside. The storm had weakened to just a thunderstorm. The chairs had been blown to the other end of the porch. "We can just sit on the floor, I guess" Rielle said as she sat down, wrapping the blanket around her.

"What's this? You don't share?" Logan asked jokingly as he sat next to her. 

Rielle giggled. "Just have to ask." She replied, opening the blanket to him. 

Within moments, his hands had picked up where they left off. The cool night air was blowing against them, the sound of the storm and the smell of the rain was all around them.

Soon, Logan gently pulled Rielle onto his lap, kissing her as she straddled him. He reached behind her, untying the straps of her halter dress, letting the top fall and exposing her breasts to him. He moved downward with his kisses, gently taking each nipple into his mouth and teasing it with his tongue. She moaned quietly in pleasure and rocked her hips back and forth over his once again hard cock. His left hand moved down, under her skirt, searching for the soft fabric of her panties again. As he found it, he slid it aside and moaned as his fingers touched soft, shaven skin close to her slit. He slid a finger farther, touching her clit. She was already wet. His cock felt as if it were going to rip out of his pants at any moment.

Rielle reached down, tugging at the waistband of his shorts and pulled his cock free. She gasped as it sprung to attention. It was the largest she'd seen in real life. She stroked it gently, teasing the head with her fingers before gripping the shaft and working her hands up and down slowly. She could feel the precum on the head and moaned. 

"Do you want it in you, baby?" Logan asked.

"Yes" Rielle whispered. "So bad."

He lifted her hips above him, and with one hand pulled the fabric aside. His head pushed gently at the wet opening to her pussy. She moaned and wriggled her hips back and forth as he rubbed it up and down her opening. As he started to push it into her slowly, she grabbed his shoulders. Her nails scratched gently as he eased himself in. She was so tight. She felt amazing. She lowered herself down over him the rest of the way and started to grind against him. 

He moaned as he felt her shaking and pulsing around him. He kissed her hard and grabbed her hips as he worked her pussy over him. He wanted to take her so hard, so fast. The slow intensity she was building was driving him insane. He could feel her clit getting harder as it rubbed against him. She moaned and he could feel her hips jerking against his grip as she neared climax.

"That's it baby, cum for me." Logan growled in her ear as she neared the edge. With one last jerk, her orgasm flooded over her. She cried out as she lost control, spasming around his hard cock. She wrapped her legs around him as he pushed himself deeper inside of her. He held her as she came down, laying her head on his shoulder, panting.

"Took that much out of you, eh?" Logan asked.

"It's been awhile..." Rielle started.

"Well, hope you've got more stamina than that... I'm not through with you yet." He said. 

She adjusted her skirt as she stood up, and he pulled his shorts up as he stood to meet her. 

"Let's go someplace a little less visible." Logan said. 

The rain had slowed to a steady rain as they walked off of the porch. It seemed as if the threat of storms was over for now. They walked behind the house to a secluded spot in the yard. Logan tossed the blanket down on the wet grass and took off his shorts. She got a much better view of his erect member. It was thick, large, and she wanted it again.

He motioned for her to lie down on the blanket. As she lay down, Logan joined her. He reached his hands under her skirt, pulling her soaked panties off. He tossed them onto the corner of the blanket. He slid her dress up, pulling it off, and tossing it aside as well. 

He reached down for her wet pussy, sliding a finger inside, gently, looked up at her and then lowered his head between her legs. She moaned at the feeling of his tongue licking and savoring her pussy. He was skilled with his tongue, and loved watching and feeling her reactions as he savored her sweetness. His fingers carried the motion within her and her hips rocked in rhythm with his licking. He could feel her getting close to having another orgasm. She groaned as he stopped. "Don't stop now..." she pleaded.

"You can't have all the fun." He responded as he sat on his knees in front of her. She rolled over and looked at his cock as it was in her face. Without any more encouragement, she took the head into her mouth. She wrapped her hands around the shaft and stroked it as her head bobbed up and down. She swirled her tongue over his head and around the shaft as she went down. He groaned in approval as he pushed his hard prick farther into her mouth. He reached out and grabbed her ponytail, pulling it gently as she sucked him. As she picked up intensity, he could feel the cum start boiling in his balls.

"Rielle," he groaned. "I'm gonna cum."

She moaned in pleasure and picked up the intensity more. He moaned as he shattered in her mouth, shooting his load down her throat. He was surprised she could keep up with it as well as she did. After she swallowed his load, she licked his cock all over, making sure she didn't miss a drop. 

He leaned over and kissed her, the taste of his cum in her mouth turning him on even more. He pushed her over onto her side and spread her legs, burying his head in her pussy. She reached out and gently stroked his cock as his tongue explored her. Soon she was sucking his cock back hard.

He stopped, and moved on top of her. She spread her legs willingly as his hard shaft pushed back into her. She raised her hips, letting him slip deeper inside of her. He moaned as he thrusted inside of her. He could feel her starting to throb and pulse around him, her hot pussy getting wetter as she was ready to go again. She started grinding her hips up against him as he slowed his pace. As she lost control again, he could feel the rush of her hot juices as they flooded around him. He groaned and stopped moving, just feeling her convulse around him.

As she came down, he told her to roll over onto her knees. He slammed his thick cock deep inside of her, grabbing her hips to control his thrusting. He pounded her. She cried out again as she shook around him. He slammed deeper inside of her, grabbing her ponytail and pulling her head back. She screamed in pleasure, raising her ass so that he could penetrate deeper.

The rain started to pick up again, drenching them both as he fucked her hard. She reached under her and began fingering her clit, pushing herself to climax again. He was getting closer; he could feel it building up. As she started to climax again, he felt himself losing control. With one last deep thrust, he pushed over the edge, exploding deep inside her pussy. He moaned as his load flooded her still shaking pussy. 

He stayed still a moment, feeling her coming down as well. Soon, he pulled out, and she collapsed onto the wet blanket, panting again. He lay down next to her. After a few moments, they gathered up the wet blanket and clothes and headed for the house. Rielle stumbled a bit, almost as if she didn't have her legs under her.

"Don't pass out or anything." He said.

"I just might" Rielle started. "I'm a little lightheaded at the moment."

Logan laughed, and poked her in the side.

"Hey, I'm supposed to be the one that does that" she said as she playfully shoved him.

"You're going to start something you can't finish again" Logan reminded her.

"Oh, Really? Bring it." Rielle grinned.