 We had been returning from the pub, strolling arm in arm after a meal and a few drinks, enjoying each others company, chatting and exchanging kisses as we walked. I suppose we should have been more aware of the change in the weather, but really our attention was focused on each other to the exclusion of virtually all else. 

Hence our surprise when the first bolt of lightening struck as we turned into the laneway 500 yards from the isolated cottage we had rented from the weekend. Crash!! Lightning illuminated the bay and the first heavy drops of rain began to fall, laughing we ran for the cottage as the storm began in earnest. By the time we reached the door we were both drenched by the downpour... 

The wind howls, and another flash of lightening turns the world to glaring monochrome, thunder crashing overhead as we burst through the door of the cottage, soaked through from the cloudburst. At that moment the lights flicker and go out leaving the low burning turf fire as our only source of illumination, the soft red glow casting intimate shadows across the little cottage. Seizing the flashlight from beside the door, I run to the small bathroom and return with two soft bath towels. Laughing we towel ourselves, drying hair and removing our dripping wet coats , I move around the room, lighting candles to give us a little more light, and throwing some more turf and logs on to the fire... with the power out we will need it's warmth tonight... 

I notice that you are shivering, the rain having soaked through your coat and into your shirt and jeans, I take you by the hand and draw you closer to the fire... "lets get you out of those wet things" I murmur, drawing you close and unbuttoning your shirt, peeling the wet fabric from your shoulders as I wrap my warm towel around you. I release your bra and remove it, your nipples hard and proud from the chill rain... 

Moving lower now I undo your laces, removing your shoes and socks as you start to absorb the heat radiating from the fire, the flames reaching higher as the fuel catches and the rooms warms up. Then undoing your belt and jeans and sliding the cold denim over your hips and thighs, removing them completely, now you stand before me dressed only in your black thong, my towel draped across your shoulders, the firelight illuminating your body as you face the fire, absorbing the heat, relaxing now as you warm up. Standing I remove my wet clothes, leaving only my boxers. Moving behind you I take your towel from your shoulders and stand close to you wrapping us both in the towel as I wrap my arms around you... 

You snuggle close to me, our bodies pressed tight together as I wrap you in my arms, I kiss the back of your neck softly tasting your skin, damp from your hair, holding you close as you give a little moan, a soft murmur of contentment. Another kiss, and another, as I savour the feel of your soft skin against my lips, your near naked body pressed against me, both of us now bathed in the heat of the fire... 

The storm increases it's ferocity, wind and rain lash against the cottage, thunder and lightening all around us... the energy of the storm is infectious, charging the atmosphere, exciting both of us with the sheer energy and power of nature. You lean back against me, warm now from the fire, resting your head against my shoulder as you turn , offering your lips to mine, I savour that first kiss, marvelling at the feel of your lips, tasting you... 

Your passion rises as you kiss me, and you turn slowly to face me, your breasts warm from the fire as they press against my chest. I draw you closer, pulling you against me as the kiss deepens, my hands exploring your back and buttocks, gliding over your skin as I hold you close, I can feel my cock starting to twitch as you press against me, your hands also exploring, pulling me against you as our tongues explore. 

I shrug the towel from my shoulders, the room now cosy from the heat of the fire, caressing your warm skin with my fingertips, stroking your back and shoulders, then stepping back a little and taking your hand... The noise of the storm makes speech impossible, I guide you, indicating that you should lie full length on the thick sheepskin in front of the fire. You lie on your stomach and I admire your long legs, tight firm ass, and the soft skin of your back and shoulders... 

I kneel beside you and take the scented oil from it's place by the fire, pouring a little into my palms, smoothing it slowly along your back and over your shoulders, massaging you, easing the tensions from your body. I massage you along the entire length of your body, beginning with your neck and shoulders, then your back, lower to the cheeks of your ass, down the backs of your thighs, then your calves and ankles and finally down to your feet... 

Now you are warm and relaxed, breathing easily, I change the tempo and nature of the massage, stroking your body, caressing it, working my way slowly back up along your legs, stroking your thighs and ass, soft touches awakening the nerves, increasing your sensitivity, caressing your back now, teasing your shoulders and the base of your neck, bending lower to place kisses on your skin, kissing the nape of your neck, the small of your back, your thighs, your ass as my hands roam.. 

Taking your hand again I turn you until you are lying on your back, and start to caress your face, you close your eyes as I trace the outline of your face with my fingertips, caressing your cheeks and jawline, running my fingers through your hair as I kiss your lips... my hands move lower now, tracing your neck, your shoulders... lower still gliding over the upper slopes of your breasts, smoothing the creamy flesh, tracing the outline of each breast, my fingers tantalisingly close to your nipples, then lower, stroking your stomach and flanks, gliding over your hips, caressing your thighs... 

My hands gently explore your body, tracing it's lines and curves, teasing and arousing you, I can see your face begin to flush and your breathing starts to quicken... your nipples harden as my fingers stroke you, seeking out the places that I know are sensitive to my touch, and yet not touching those most sensitive places... 

Moving lower now I hook my thumbs into the waistband of your thong and slide it slowly down your legs, leaving you totally naked before me. I caress your thighs as you draw your knees up, opening yourself to my gaze, parting your legs, revealing your pussy to my eyes, already glistening with your juices. I caress your inner thighs, slowly up along one thigh then across your stomach and down the other, softly repeating the caress, your legs opening wider as my hand passes tantalisingly close to your cleft. Your hips rocking slowly and your pussy flowering open, revealing its pink interior as you become more aroused.. 

I continue the caress, slowly back and forth across your thighs and stomach, you bite your lip, wanting more... with my other hand I caress your breast, circling the nipple, moving to the same rhythm as the hand that caresses your thighs, getting closer to the hardened bud with each slow circle... finally you gasp as I take your hardened nipple between my finger and thumb, squeezing gently, drawing it upwards from your body, your breast taut, lifting slightly as I roll the nipple between finger and thumb... 

Your senses focus on the pleasant torment as I play with your breast, electric tingles radiating from the nipple, hard between my fingers... Suddenly I trace the tip of my middle finger along your cleft, just brushing your lips and circling your hooded clit very lightly... you moan and arch your hips trying to maintain the contact, to prolong that longed for touch... 

I trace my fingers across your chest and slowly start to circle your other nipple, as my other hand resumes caressing your thighs, once again I circle your breast, spiralling inwards, you breathe faster as you anticipate the contact with your nipple, as you await the thrill of that first touch... you are taken by surprise as my fingers dip between your legs, parting your lips and sinking the middle finger a little way inside you... I circle your opening with the tip of that finger, slowly opening you, you push upwards, wanting my fingers deeper inside you, but I control it, keeping just one finger at your entrance... only now do I take your nipple between my fingers, once again rolling the bud between my fingers as I lift the breast... 

Now I slide a second finger alongside the first and slowly slip them deeper inside you, crooking them until I can caress your g-spot, exploring your warm wet depths, pressing against your inner walls, as my other hand teases your breast. You are breathing fast now, your hips fluttering, pushing against my hand and fingers... I circle your clit with my thumb as my fingers thrust slowly in and out, my other hand now circling and brushing your nipple to the same rhythm, slowly your pleasure builds as my caresses have the desired effect, I continue to caress your breasts and pussy, playing with your nipples and clit, slow and firm, using your juices to lubricate you, opening you further, moistening your clit, now turning my hand sideways and sliding a third finger inside you, pressing all three fingers deeper into you, stretching you, filling you... 

Deeper now as you push upwards, my thumb caressing your clit, three fingers thrusting deep inside you, faster now, my other hand roaming your body, squeezing your breasts, playing with your nipples. Now I lean forward, kissing you deeply as my hand moves faster between your legs, pushing you over the edge into your first orgasm, driving you higher, my fingers pushing deep within you... You gasp and moan as you cum hard, kissing me fiercely, pressing against my hand, your hips thrusting off the floor, your juices running over my fingers... 

As you cum I am conscious that the fury of the storm is matched only by your intensity, your orgasm as elemental and powerful as lightning, as overwhelming as the thunder, as natural and beautiful as the storm itself... Your naked body silhouetted in the firelight, your head thrown back, back arched, your breasts outthrust, legs wide as you lose yourself in orgasm... 

Slowly you relax, breathing deeply, easing yourself down on to the rug as your first orgasm passes... your eyes open and you smile up at me as I kneel beside you, your hand reaches out and traces the outline of my cock as it strains against my boxers. Your fingers stroke along my length caressing my cock through the fabric as I stroke your naked body, you kneel, your hands sliding to my hips, then down, pulling my boxers off, my cock rearing hard before your gaze, slowly you push me back, until I am reclined naked before you... 

You bend, kissing my chest, trailing lower, kissing and licking my stomach, trailing your fingernails along my thighs, trapping a nipple between your teeth and nibbling with mock ferocity, your hand wraps loosely around my cock, sliding slowly up and down, slowly you move down my body, trailing your tongue across my stomach, kissing the top of my thighs, the tip of your tongue lightly caressing my balls, then trailing slowly up the shaft of my cock... 

You move to straddle my face, I reach out and grab a cushion from the sofa, resting my head on it and placing your moist pussy within easy reach of my lips and tongue...you reach down between your legs with one hand, and part the lips of your cleft, allowing me full access to your pussy and clit. I start to gently lick you, running my tongue along the length of your slit, tasting your juices, over and over I trace my tongue along your lips, licking, softly sucking, kissing your pussy and thrusting my tongue into your depths, one hand plays with your breasts, squeezing them together and teasing each of your nipples in turn, I slide two fingers of the other hand into your pussy, coating them with your juices, thrusting in and out as I suck on your clit, feeling it swell as your excitement grows... 

Now you return your attention to my cock, placing a kiss at the tip then kissing and nibbling along its length... slowly you cover every inch of my cock with your kisses, then take the head into your mouth, swirling your tongue against it and sucking softly... 

I continue to kiss and suck on your clit, easing two fingers in and out of you in a slow sensual rhythym, I can feel you taking more of my cock into your mouth, sliding me deeper, your hair brushing my stomach and thighs... I caress your breasts, squeezing, pulling gently at each nipple in turn as my tongue circles your clit and my fingers push deep into your warm wet core. Your juices flow faster as you become more and more turned-on rising towards your second orgasm, giggling as the feelings start to become more and more intense... I continue to kiss and lick your clit, moving my fingers faster and deeper into you, taking your clit between my lips and humming loudly, transferring the vibrations directly to that sensitised bud... 

The combination sends you over the edge once more and you cum, pressing your clit against my tongue as your juices flow freely, your inner walls clamping my fingers as you squeeze your PC muscle, prolonging the wave of extasy, lifting you higher... I lap at your clit, drinking your juices as they flow, easing my fingers in and out, caressing your breasts as you cum, wanting you to feel the pleasure throughout your body... 

Your orgasm surges through you, causing you to tremble with pleasure as I circle your clit with my tongue, my fingers thrusting deep into you, my other hand squeezing your breast, teasing your nipple, driving you higher. I savour your taste, the sensation of your soft smooth skin, warm from the fire, my cock hard before your gaze, pre-cum glistening at the tip... 

As your orgasm begins to abate, you lean forward and take my entire length into your mouth, swallowing my rigid cock as your fingers caress my balls and thighs... The feeling is electric, a circuit running through our bodies as we taste each other. You begin to slowly slide me in and out, sometimes shallow, your tongue circling the head of my cock, then taking me deep within you once more, your lips and tongue gliding down my shaft. 

I am lost in the sensation, tasting you, feeling your warm mouth as you slide over my sensitised cock, my hands roaming your naked body, fondling your breasts, caressing your stomach and flanks, squeezing the cheeks of your ass, caressing your thighs...  

I feel my orgasm beginning to rise, my balls tightening, the energy surging as I approach my peak, you move faster now sliding me in and out, fucking me with your mouth, your clit gliding against my tongue as you move... Then I can hold back no longer and my orgasm overwhelms me... I cum hard and you swallow my seed, savouring each salty drop as you suck the head of my cock, your fingers milking the last drops into your warm mouth, your tongue lashing against me... 

The moment seems to last forever, intense and special, I am carried away by wave after wave of sensation... then slowly drifting down, kissing and softly sucking your lips and clit. easing two fingers inside you once more softly teasing you as my cock softens in your mouth... allowing us both to catch our breath, but still feeling that special connection, that sexual circuit... 

We continue to savour each other, hands caressing, as our lips and tongues taste and tantalise, before long, I can feel myself becoming hard once more, elongating within your warm mouth, reacting to your presence, your taste, your caresses... Your clit swells once more as your arousal grows, your pussy warm and wet as your juices start to flow once more... 

Then you move, keeping my hard cock between your lips, you lift your leg and move to the side, then slowly turn moving lower, now kneeling beside me, then lower, straddling my legs... You release my cock, hard and proud once more, then kiss your way slowly along my body, your lips taste my stomach, my chest, your tongue circles each nipple, teeth nibbling, teasing me, then you kiss my mouth, your tongue pressing against mine, tasting each other, your breasts trailing across my chest, my cock nestled between your thighs. 

You sit up and I admire you in the firelight, your eyes alight, your breasts firm and proud, the nipples hard with arousal... You reach between your legs and take my cock in your grasp, stroking the head along the cleft, then placing it at your entrance. I raise my hips slightly, pushing into you slowly, then a little deeper as you press down, slowly sinking into your velvet depths, inch by inch... Then I am fully within you as your rest your hands on my chest and press down on to my cock, circling your hips and grinding your clit against me... 

Your eyes close as you enjoy the sensation, and your hand eases between our bodies as you start to tease your clit with your fingertips... I watch you, enthralled as you begin to slide slowly up and down my cock, the fingers of one hand teasing us both, the other hand playing with your breasts, lifting them, pinching your nipples, caressing your body. You are beautiful in your abandon, your sexual energy powerfully arousing, my cock hard as granite within you... 

Taking your hands I draw you down, pulling you close against me, your breasts squeezed between us as we kiss... I wrap my arms around you and turn us, rolling you on to your back without breaking your connection, your legs opening wide as I press deep within you... I reach back and take hold of your ankles, lifting one leg at a time and placing your feet on my shoulders, now I can penetrate you deeply... your hands continue to roam your body, playing with your breasts, stroking your clit, lifting your fingers to your mouth and tasting you juices as they flow. 

I start to thrust into you, slowly, three shallow thrusts then a pause, you moan, wanting more... then as the lightening crashes overhead, I thrust deeply into you, my full length driving into you, pressing against you as the thunder rolls overhead, then slowly withdrawing, then three slow shallow thrusts once more... 

You know what is coming and you hold your breath in the few short seconds before the next lightening bolt, then CRASH!! The lightening turns the world to monochrome and I drive hard into you, two hard deep thrusts, then pressing deep into you as the thunder rolls once overhead. A slow withdrawal as the thunder fades, then those three teasing shallow strokes. The storm dictates our pace now, each bolt of lightening triggering a series of deep thrusts, longer each time, 4 strokes, 5, 6, 7, 8, driving us towards orgasm, 9 strokes, 10... then we are lost and I can hold the measured rhythm no longer. I thrust deeply within you, fucking you hard as the storm reaches its crescendo above us, your hips driving up to meet every stroke as your orgasm hits, pressing against me as you cry out... with a final thrust I bury my cock completely inside you and cum once again... we are both swept away by the intense waves of pleasure, the symphony of the storm overhead reflecting the energy of the moment, seeming eternal as we rise together... then slowly gliding down as you place your feet on the floor and we press close together, kissing deeply, holding each other close... After a while I withdraw and we lie beside one another in the warm firelight kissing and caressing, then you rise, a twinkle in your eye... you take me by the hand and lead me towards the bedroom...