 The rain was getting worse. I was driving down the highway, doing a cautious 40, when I saw hazard lights on the side of the road. Usually, I wouldn't care, but with the storm reports I'd been hearing on the radio, I decided to stop and see if they needed any help. 

I pulled over, and walked to the side of the stranded motorist. I knocked on the window and shouted over the storm, "ARE YOU OK?"

The driver got out and yelled back, "MY CAR BROKE DOWN!" Obviously. "NEED A LIFT?" She smiled, revealing perfect teeth, and followed me to my car. Once we'd started again, I found out that her name was Rose, and she was driving home from a family members house. "Where do you live?" I asked. "Too far, Josh," she replied, "just go ahead drop me off at a motel"

It must have been the storm, because normally I would have just said, ok, but I didn't. Maybe it was this woman, her long black hair, soaked, and her beautiful face. That could be it...or it could be her white blouse clinging to her erect nipples. "No, I wont drop you off at a motel, sorry," she looked at me with surprise, "you're staying with me." She smiled and thanked me profusely. "No problem," was my only reply. 

I turned off at my exit, and drove to my home, a modest 2 bedroom located in an upper-class suburb. "The bathroom's down the hall, to the left, there's a clean towel in the closet, go ahead and take a shower, and I'll put your clothes in the dryer." "Ok, thanks," she smiled. 

When I heard the water running, I couldn't help but picture this beautiful woman, taking of her clothes and stepping into the shower; the water spilling from her nose onto her firm, well proportioned breasts, then down her stomach to her...No! I can't do that anymore..I felt myself twitching. I put her clothes in the dryer, and started my special dinner, a masterpiece in it's own right: spaghetti! 

Suddenly, I felt a hand on my shoulder, she laughed when I jumped. I turned around to find her fabulous body barely covered by a towel. 

"Uh umm..ahem..I made dinner..I hope you like..." I barely managed to stammer, being, I guess you can say, distracted. "Looks great," she smiled. I smiled back, but she didn't see it, the power went out at the exact moment. " California Power Crisis, gotta love it," we both laughed as I stumbled around, looking for a candle, for one, brief moment, may and brushed against her breast, sending a shiver down my spine. When I finally lit one, I told her to have a seat, and then poured us each a glass of wine, and served my masterpiece. I never though spaghetti could be sexy, but the way her cheeks were pulled in when she sucked a stray strand into her mouth made me twitch a little bit more. 

We got to know each other, I found out she was single, never been married, and worked in a major computer company. I told her about myself, single, never married, and was a surgeon. The wine was really flowing by the time she confessed that she found me attractive, I told her how beautiful she was, and we stared into each others eyes. Almost as one we got up and embraced, kissing passionately. We made our way to the living room, never once breaking the kiss, until we got there, then we took off our clothes, quickly. 

I wanted to feel myself inside her, and she wanted me there. We both knew it, and didn't want to waste any time. We kissed again, but this time, I let my hands explore. I ran my fingers up and down her back, softly. My hands strayed to her breast, I put one in my hand, and played with the nipple on the other. She let out a soft "MMmm" when I pinched her nipple. Then, my hands went to her ass, squeezing, rubbing. She pulled her head back and whispered in my ear "take me" which I was happy to do. I laid her down on the couch, laying one leg on the back of it, the other over the side. 

She smiled at me as I positioned my pulsating erection outside of her slick opening. I slipped it in, making her gasp, then leaned down to kiss her. "Now," she said, "take me." I slide my member into her further, until it was all the way in. Her breathing increase. I started to pump my cock into her, making her gasp each time I pumped into her. Her breasts were heaving as I slammed my cock into her, she started to scream, tell me to, "fuck me, oh yeah, oh yeah, harder, harder, yes, yes, oh GOD!" I felt her vagina tighten as she began her orgasm. 

She was thrusting her hips, meeting mine as we both drove ourselves into ecstasy. I couldn't be cuming this quick! But, already, I felt my cock stiffen inside her as she reached her peak, driving me to mine. She screamed softly as a pumped my spewing cock into her. When I had finished, I gradually slowed down, then kissed her again. She looked up at me, looking angelic with he hair spread out behind her, obviously mussed, grinning at me. "Lay down," she said lustily, almost like she growled it. What else could I do? I laid down, and she crawled on top of me, her dripping vagina near my face. I felt her massaging my now limp cock. 

I couldn't help myself, I had to taste this woman. I lifted my head to her hott box, and slipped my tongue inside. I licked her clit, tasting myself, but I was so into it (or out of it) it didn't bother me. I felt her lips on my cock, slowly bringing it back to lick. I sucked her clit, making her start, then moan loudly, "Ahhhh yesssss" I flicked her clit, rubbed it, and lapped up her juices, until I finally got what I was waiting for. Her muscles tightened, and she came..hard. She was quivering lightly when she got up...I noticed my erection was back. She lowered herself onto it, never seeming to have enough, and began to grind her hips, driving my cock deep inside her. 

She moved her hips in circular motions, throwing her head back and moaning in pure ecstasy. She started to bounce on my cock, her tits bouncing. I reached up and grabbed one, she put her and over mind and rubbed it against her tit, bouncing even harder. Once again she screamed, then came, wave after wave of intense orgasm. She collapsed onto my chest. "You've had yours, now I get mine," I told her. I took her ass in my hands and began bouncing her again on my cock. Every time she fall on it she would moan, or scream softly, "oh, oh, ah, ah, ah, yes, yes, harder, ah, ah." I couldn't hold it in any longer, I burst forth inside her for the second time, with her still laying on top of me, panting away...

She stayed for two days after that. We only did three things:eat, sleep, and fuck. And we did a hell of a lot of the latter, I got to know every single part of her body, and loved every second of it. The day she left, she kissed me on the cheek, and gave me a piece of paper, "open it when I'm gone," she smiled at me mischievously. When I closed the door I went to my bedroom and went to bed, forgetting about the note. In the morning I saw it on the coffee table, it read:

"Dear Josh, thanks for the hospitality. I'll never forget it. See ya around, Rose."

Oh well, no good dead goes un rewarded...I honestly never expected to see her again. Then one day, exactly 4 months after it all happened, there was a knock at the door...