 I had finally met my new Internet friends at a hotel yesterday. The meeting had gone incredibly well. I was still tingling just thinking about some of the things that Juan and Ana and I had done. We had formed a trio for sexual pleasure and were now on our way to uncharted grounds. Only our imaginations would limit this relationship.

Juan is a psychologist, a number of years older than Ana. Their desires to meet another man that would be compatible with both of them had been fruitless for quite sometime. They told me that they had experimented with a couple of younger guys but the chemistry was never right. My age falls right in the middle of theirs. I too had been looking for a relation like this for a long time. I found that I was not happy just being with another man. Oh the sex would be great, but I always felt incomplete.

Maybe it has something to do with being a voyeur. I noticed yesterday that I got really turned on watching Ana take her husbands pulsing cock deep into her mouth. Sucking it hard and then pulling it out and letting it bob free in front of her face. Then running her lips all along his beautiful shaft. Then to become apart of this scene and have her pass me this delicious hot cock into my wanting mouth, was almost unbelievable.

They were staying at the hotel for the weekend. I was invited to come and go as I pleased. I couldn’t stay away. The next day I went over in the morning. I knocked on the door and again like the day before, was greeted by my new friend Juan. He smiled and let me in. The fan overhead was still lazily stirring the air and that big beautiful bed looked as inviting as ever. I could hear the shower running in the other room. We sat on the bed and started talking about the day before. I was getting hot just talking about yesterday, a huge erection bulged from my pants. Juan noticed and suggested that he help me with it.

I remembered how skillfully he had worked my tool with his mouth yesterday and eagerly obeyed his suggestion, disrobed and reclined on the cool white sheets. He didn’t hesitate to follow. Off came his shorts and there was that stiff penis I remembered. He went down on me and started sucking my cock with a passion of a first- timer. I just closed my eyes and let the sensation of his tongue darting all around the head of my now fiery hot cock.

Then I smelled fresh soap and clean damp hair and opened my eyes to see Ana smiling as she bent over me and started to kiss my lips. It was tender. I could see Juan watching as he continued to move his mouth back and forth lazily taking my cock deep and then almost letting it free. As Ana and I kissed I was able to get one hand down into her crotch. Her tight pussy had driven me crazy yesterday and I wanted the taste of it on my mouth again. I traced lazy loops around her swelling clit and heard a low soft moan pass from her as we kissed. We broke free and I rotated her around where her pretty pussy was just above my face. I started to lick and tongue her to the same rhythm that Juan was working on me..

She pressed hard against my face grinding her damp sex to my mouth. Juan got up from my crotch and moved in front of Ana. She took his cock and sucked it as if she might never have the opportunity again. She was so hot. I had to get my cock into that hot wanting cunt. I got up and got behind her and slid my cock into the delightful darkness. In to the hilt and then almost out, I would then take hold of my cock at the base and probe her clit and labia’s driving her crazy, then sinking into the hilt again. Her moans were gagged as Juan was responding to her. He sighed and then shot wads of cum down her throat and on to her face. Seeing this and feeling that nice cunt tighten around my frenzied cock I also started to cum. She bucked me and I could feel her cum wave after wave. 

Like the day before we all collapsed onto the rumpled bed laughing and trying to catch our breath. It was movie time again. This time Ana chose a gay movie. The actors were very well endowed and were putting on an admirable show of sucking each other with enthusiasm. I reached over and found the sex oil and took two good helpings. One for each hand. I leaned over and found Juan’s not so limp cock and at the same time that I stroked his shaft I started also stroking mine. Ana liked this. She got up off the bed and stood at the foot silently watching the show. I got close enough to Juan so that I could hold our big stiff cocks together and rub them together with one hand. It really felt good to both of us. I have always been a heavy masturbator and this wasn’t going to be any different. I could hear Ana saying, “You boys are very hot. Look at the way he’s rubbing your cock Juan. Do you like that better than the way I do it?” We broke away and I lay back next to Juan. We were both pumping our cocks feverishly. Ana told us what to do. She had us pump hard and then told us to slow down and just rub the tips of our needy cocks. She said she loved to see two hot guys working their dicks like good little queers. Now we were being humiliated. That was new and it had its possibilities.

Next she had us stand up . She knelt in front of us and said with a really husky voice that she had to feel these two hard dicks in her mouth at once. She then took our cocks and stuffed her hungry mouth. She would pull one cock out so that she could deep throat the other and then do the same to the other. Juan and I just looked at her as we enjoyed this luscious blowjob. This beautiful girl with lots of hair was in abandon sucking and stroking her two lovers. Juan and I both came at nearly the same time. There was cum everywhere.

Now it was our turn. Ana was hot. I took her and laid her on the bed and spread her legs wide and put them over my shoulders. I had her. Her inflamed little cunt was right in front of me. I started blowing a cool stream of air across her clit, while working a finger around her proud little anus. Juan was now also over her sex with his tongue flicking at her swollen clit. Her senses were being overwhelmed. The orgasms came quick and frequent. We gave her no mercy. She pleaded for us to stop but we just kept licking, sucking and probing. Now it was my turn to tell her how lucky she was to have two lovers. I said; do you know how many women would like to have two lovers? She smiled, leaned back and answered with smoldering eyes. All women.

The End