 Please comment. Constructive critism is always helpful. Thanks.



He had just finished cleaning the deep fryer when he saw her out of the corner of his eye. She startled him, he hadn't heard anybody drive up, yet there she stood. She was holding the menu in her hand reading it. He wiped his hands on his apron and walked over to the counter to tell her he was closed. She brought her gaze up and looked at him, he caught his breath. She had the most amazing blue eyes he'd ever seen. 

Slowly a smile came across her face, "Can I get a hamburger and a coke?" 

Realizing he was holding his breath he exhaled, then grinned, why not, he thought, the grill was still hot. It was late and quiet frankly he had nothing else to do. Staying a few more minutes to make a hamburger for a pretty girl with blue eyes wasn't going to hurt. He reached for a soda cup and filled it with ice. He glanced at her, she was straightening the laminated menus into a neat little pile. A breeze blew a strand of hair across her face, she grabbed it and tucked it behind her ear. He filled the cup with coke, snapped the lid on, pushed a straw in, and handed it to her. 

"Mustard or mayo?" He asked.

"Mustard, no onions or pickles...please." she said, their fingers briefly touching as she took the drink from him. 

"Have a seat. I'll bring it to you."

She smiled at him, and went to sit at one of the picnic tables, sipping at her drink. 

He noticed lightening flashes off in the distance. A storm was brewing in the west over the mountains; it was that time of year for them to start forming. He turned to the grill, wondering where she had come from. He hadn't heard a car drive up, so he figured that she must have walked. The hamburger stand sat at the top of a small hill, at the bottom was a tiny seven room motel, and beyond that the town. 

There wasn't much in this area, it was off the beaten path, the interstate was fifty miles away. It was a small town with one traffic light; that flashed yellow all the time. A volunteer fire station, a bank, a nondenominational church and a little diner on the other end of town that catered to breakfast and lunch. The area had farms all around, in which various crops were grown. Life here was very simple, uncomplicated, just the way he liked it.

He brought the hamburger out to the woman. She had shoulder length light blonde hair, it almost looked white under the harsh glare of the unforgiving fluorescents lights. She wore a demin jacket with fringe on the sleeves and across the back, faded well worn blue jeans, and sneakers. She had a far away look in her eyes, staring off watching the approaching storm. She looked up at him as he sat the hamburger down in front of her and gave him that smile again.

"How much do I owe you?" She asked, leaning back, her hand reaching down into the front pocket of her jeans. 

"It's on the house." He waved his hand at her, "I've already closed out the register."

"Ohh, I'm sorry," She said looking at the counter, "I had no idea it was so late, I'm really sorry," She smiled apologetically. "I just saw the lights on and realized I was hungry. I'll be on my way." She picked up the hamburger and soda and started to rise. "Thank you." She said holding up the food.

He reached out and touched her shoulder. "No, its alright, there's no hurry. I've got some things to do before I can leave. Sit down and eat." He told her, turning to leave, but hesitating, "Can I get you anything else before I shut her completely down?" 

"No thank you, this will be fine." She sat back down.

He went back to the clean the grill. She wasn't from around here, he knew that. He hadn't been here long, but he pretty much knew everybody. He would have remembered her for sure if she was from around here. Was she staying at the motel? Maybe she was visiting somebody. He wiped down the counter and glanced at her. She can't be much older than him, he thought. She had a youthful look, yet she looked more mature than your basic college student. He watched as she brought the hamburger to her mouth and took a bite. 

She had long slender fingers. Her nails were natural, not done up and painted. She didn't wear any jewelry. If she had makeup on he couldn't tell, she looked very natural...fresh. He watched her as her tongue came out and licked a spot of mustard in the corner of her mouth. The movement was slow, sensual and hypnotizing. He shook his head, to clear the imagine. Snap out if, he thought, its been a long day, and here you are staring at her like you've never seen a woman before.

He took his apron off, rolling it up and throwing it under the counter. He ran his hand through his hair, boy, he needed a haircut. He closed the order/pickup window and locked it, checking to make sure he hadn't forgotten anything, then stepped out of the little shack and locked the door. 

He turned back around and looked at her. There was something about her, some kind of ethereal beauty. She was watching the storm, her eyes were shiny, reflecting each flash of light. Maybe it was the way she ate, slowly, taking her time. The storm was growing, flashes of lightening lit up the sky on the horizon, low rumbles of thunder could be heard. The wind picked up a bit more, he could smell the rain in the air.

"Would you like some company?" He asked, coming nearer. 

She looked up at him, glanced down at the bench, then back up to him.

"Sure" she said, scooting over so he could sit.

He sat down next to her, leaning his back against the table, stretching his long legs out in front of him. He rubbed his hands on this thighs then laid them in his lap. It had been a long day, it felt good to sit down. He took a deep breath and glanced at her, was that lavender he smelled? He wasn't sure, it was a nice flower smell whatever it was. 

"Looks like we might get some rain." He said, nodding his head in the direction of the storm.

"Yes, it does appear to be moving this way." She wiped her mouth with a napkin. She picked up her drink, and took a sip. He watched as her lips went around the straw and saw the liquid being pulled up into her mouth. Lucky straw, he thought, wonder what it would be like to kiss her. 

Surprised at that thought, he studied her. She had soft creamy skin, and long light golden lashes, a long slim nose and soft full lips. Pale pink rose colored lips. She reminded him of fairy drawings from his childhood, or of the art inspired beauties that were some times on erotic posters riding on the back of unicorns. He smirked, easily picturing her riding horseback naked. 

"So what brings you to this lovely little valley?" He asked. "Did you take the wrong exit, or are you visiting someone?"

She looked at him, her mouth pausing over the straw, "Just passing through." She took another sip. The wind blew her hair into her face. She tucked it behind her ear. 

"So, hmm...did you walk up from the motel?"

"Motel?" She looks down the road, "No. I didn't know there was one."

"Oh yea, there's one." He looks around, "Where's your car? I don't see it."

"That's because I don't have one." 

"Oh!" That surprised him, everybody had a car of some sort out here. "So, you're walking? You're a long way from nowhere to be walking." He stretched his arm out, to show the vastness of the area. "Don't tell me you're alone."

"Okay, I won't tell you." She grinned at him. 

He shook his head, "Isn't that kinda of dangerous, especially this late at night. For God's sake, you do know how dangerous that is, don't you?" He couldn't believe that she was just out walking in the middle of the night all alone, and she didn't seem the least bit concerned. 

"I manage."

She must be crazy or extremely brave. He looked at her, trying to figure out which one she was. 

"You manage." He repeated, amazed.

She was slender, probably five seven, five eight, muscular and toned as far as he could tell. He sensed if need be she could kick some butt if it came down to it. He sighed and leaned back against the table. She was way too pretty to be on her own, even if she did know how to defend herself, it was still dangerous. He felt this sudden urge to protect her. 

She popped the last bite of hamburger into her mouth, then crumpled up the wrapper and tossed it up over his body into the trash can behind him. In it went, a perfect shot, she smiled, pleased with herself. She took the lid off her soda and put the cup up to her mouth, tapping the bottom to move the ice forward. He heard the ice move and she jerked as it came forward in a rush and spilled out. She had caught one piece of ice in her mouth, while the rest ended up in her lap.

"I hate it when that happens." She brushed the ice off her lap. He grabbed her napkin and dabbed at her chin, and then her shirt. She touched his hand, taking the napkin from him.

"Thanks, I got it." 

"Uh, right, sorry." he said sheepishly.

She held out her shirt and dabbed at the wet area. 

"Do you want another napkin?" 

"No this is fine. Just a bit of a shock to have that coldness hit you. Ya know?" she chuckled.

"Yeah, I know." Giving her a huge smile. He watched as she dabbed at the wet area on her shirt. Her jacket open, he could see her nipples protruding through the thin cotton. He swallowed, silently thankful for that coldness and the lovely view.

She stopped wiping and stuffed the napkin in her now empty soda cup. She pulled her leg out and over the bench and sat straddling it. 

"Well now that I've drenched myself, I had better leave so you can get on home." She stood up. "I'm sure somebody is waiting for you."

"No!" He said that a bit sharper then he wanted to. 

She looked down at him as he looked up at her. 

"I mean," he said softer, "there isn't anybody waiting."

He stood up beside her. Don't go he wanted to tell her, but couldn't bring himself to voice the words. She brought her other leg over the bench, getting it caught on the edge, losing her balance. He grabbed her elbow to help steady her. 

"Goodness, you'd think I'd been drinking the way I'm acting all the sudden." 

She looked up into his eyes, they were standing very close together. If a storm wasn't brewing, he would have sworn there was electricity between them. The wind blew her hair into her face, she reached up and grabbed the offending strand and tucked it back behind her ear. 

He was drowning in the ice blue pools of her eyes, they reminded him of the surf water off Hilo, when he had taken a trip to Hawaii years ago. Her eyes sparkled, reflecting the light from above. He watched the way the wind blew her hair all around. A strand of it again, blew across her face, into her mouth. 

She reached for it, but his hand was there first. Gently he pulled it away, his fingers lightly touching her cheek. He tucked it behind her ear, the way he'd seen her do it. His fingers barely touching her face, sliding his hand down the length of her hair behind her ear, to her shoulder. His hand hesitating, once again the faint scent of lavender came to him. He wanted to touch her, to pull her to him and hold her, to kiss her, but he restrained himself.

She was a stranger, they had just met, and he wasn't one to molest women who walked in the middle of the night on deserted roads. Thunder clapped nearby, waking them from their trance. The lights above, flickered and buzzed. 

Awkward silence between them. 

She took a deep breath and then slowly released it, "What else is there to do in this town, once the hamburger shack closes?" She stepped back, as he released her elbow.

He shrugged his shoulders. "Not much, go home and read a book, I guess."

Read a book! Was that all he could think to say? What an idiot, he wasn't going to go read a book. His mind raced trying to think of something else to say. Something to keep her from leaving. 

She nodded her head, "Well then I better let you go. Thanks again for the burger." She picked up her soda cup.

"I'm not going to read a book."

"Oh," She walked towards the trash can, "then what are you going to do?"

"I'm not sure," he said in all honesty.

She dropped the cup in the trash, "Is that your truck?"

"Yea." 

"Lets go for a ride." She turned around and looked at him, "That is...if you really aren't going to read a book." She grinned, tilting her head to the side. 

A smile crept across his face. 

The sky rumbled, the storm was coming closer with each lightening flash. This night was turning out to be interesting. He was use to being alone, and it had been a long time since he'd had enjoyed the company of a woman, and right now, he wanted her company more than anything. 

He walked over to a pole, opened the cover, and flipped the lights off, the place grew dark. 

She stood there in the darkness watching him. He wanted to scoop her up in his arms and twirl her around. But he resisted the urge, and instead walked over to her and extending his arm towards the truck. "Let's go."

They walked to the truck and he opened the door for her, watching as she climbed in. He felt giddy. Like a school boy going on his first date. He made sure he wasn't closing the door on her foot, then walked around to his side. He smelled the air, it was going to rain for sure. He felt invigorated, as he got inside and put the key in the ignition, the engine roaring to life. 

"Where to?" he asked. 

"Anywhere." She settled back into the seat. 

Should he take her to his place? Maybe that was too desperate, to forward, he didn't want to offend her. He didn't want to ruin whatever was going to happen. Jesus, what did he think was going to happen? Was it offensive to assume something could happen? He bit his lip, not sure what to do.

Then he had an idea. He turned onto the road and headed into town, away from the storm. He drove down main street, driving under the flashing yellow traffic light, just past the church. He turned down a side road, pass the cemetery, and headed out of town. A dog barked as he slowed the truck down and drove over the deeply rutted road, that led up a hill to the town's water tank. Up on this hill one could see the town below and the storm on the other side. He put the truck in park, and turned the ignition off. They sat there in silence, watching the lightening zigzag and fork across the clouds. Every now and then it appeared to be striking the ground.

The sky was clear above them, the full moon and stars shone brightly. A gentle wind moved the bushes outside, and the crickets were singing. 

"Oh how pretty." she said, looking at the few lights that dotted the town below them. "I love the smell of rain. Don't you?" 

She leaned forward and shrugged out of her jacket, shaking her shoulders to get it off. The jacket slid down her back, and she pulled it around in front of her and folded it, laying it across the dashboard. She then twisted and turned to face him, bringing her knee up onto the truck seat. She wore no socks, and he could see her small ankle bone showing just below the hem of her jeans. 

He wanted to touch it, to feel the pulse he knew would be beating nearby, but he didn't. He turned his body so he could face her, his arm stretched out across the back of the seat. She wore a plain white t-shirt, not too tight, but he could see the material stretching across her breasts, the spot where her drink had spilled was dry. He watched her chest raising and falling with her breathing.

Then she chuckled quietly, as if remembering a joke.

He looked at her, waiting for her to let him in on it.

"What's so funny?" he finally asked.

She looked at him, smiling, "Here I am, in a truck, on the edge of town, sitting at make out point and I don't even know your name."

He smiled at her, make out point, huh? "Gerry." He held his hand out for her to shake. 

"Nice to meet you Gerry." She took his hand and shook it. A good shake, not one of the those wimpy, dead fish kind of handshakes, some people give you. He didn't let go right away, her hand was warm and soft. 

She smiled, then pulled her hand free. He returned his arm to the back of the seat. He looked at her, waiting. 

Raising an eyebrow he said, "Normally, you'd tell me your name at this point."

"Would I." Grinning, she tilted her head to the side. "Did you grow up here Gerry?"

"No."

"What are you doing in this kind of place then?"

"Just passing time."

She definitely smelled like lavender. It wasn't a strong scent, just the barely there kind of scent, like she bathed in it. He had the strongest urge to pull her to him and gather her hair in his hands and smell her. 

"Are you going to tell me your name, or do I have to guess?"

"Do you travel a lot?" Totally ignoring his question.

"Whenever the urge strikes."

"Where have you been." 

"Here and there, no where in particular. What about you? Let's start with your name?" 

She turned to look out the window, at the storm on the horizon, it seemed to be moving faster now. He watched her, studying her profile, memorizing her face, her lips. God, she was beautiful. Who was she? What was she doing here...and with him? 

"Lily." She said, after what seemed an eternity. She looked back at him, "My name is Lily." 

Lily, he said to himself, he liked the way it sounded in his mind. She shifted in the seat and looked down at her shoe, plucking at some invisible string.

"Aren't you worried? I mean for a woman as pretty as you, to be hitching rides. Has anybody ever tried to hurt you?"

"No."

"How you do it?" His heart skipped a beat, thinking of some foul smelling man trying to have his way with her.

"Its called trust. You have to believe in them, beside I have a very good sense about people. I know which ones I want to be with, and which ones I should avoid. Surely in your travels you've learned to read people."

"Well yeah...I guess..." his voice faltering when she suddenly touched his fingers. Surprised, he lifted his fingers, their hands coming together, palm against palm. His cock jerked at her touch, he held his breath.

The truck grew dark, the moon suddenly behind a cloud. He could see her eyes, they sparkled even in the dim light, burned through him, as if consuming his soul. The moon came out again, covering her in light. She was breathtaking. He shifted slightly, trying to ease the tightness of his pants that was pressing on his ever hardening cock. He watched as their fingers intertwined. He wanted to kiss her, to pull her to him, to hold her in his arms. Lily, Lily, he kept repeating to himself. The truck shook as the wind suddenly picked up outside. They both sat looking at each other. Flashes of lightening lit up the interior of the truck. She undid her fingers from his, then turned his palm face up bringing it close to her. She studied his palm under the moonlight, slowly running her fingers across his skin. 

"You do a lot of work with your hands, Gerry. You have good strong hands." He liked the way she kept saying his name. She caressed his palm, folding his fingers over her hand, then she kissed his fingertips. She looked at him as if gauging his reaction. Could she read his thoughts? Does she know how badly he wants to kiss her, to hold her? His mouth went dry. Oh, God he thought, this seemed like a dream. This beautiful woman sitting across from him. He could smell her, her scent filling the cab of the truck.

She was kissing his fingers, one by one, slowly, enticingly. He had shivers going down his back, his heart was racing in his chest, his breathing getting faster, his cock getting harder. He wasn't the kind of guy who picked up women and drove them to isolated spots. What was happening? Lily, Lily, he kept saying in his mind, almost singing her name. This moment was so intense, so sexy. Oh Lord, he silently prayed, does she know what she's doing to him? Does she know where this could lead too? She sucked on his fore finger, pulling it into her warm wet mouth, her tongue teasing, around and around. This was seduction, pure and simple and he didn't want her to stop.
