 Greybeard was driving through mountain country, in no particular hurry: he was taking a few days break and just enjoying the drive and the scenery. The weather was closing in rapidly with dark, heavy storm clouds building up in the early dusk, and soon the rain was lashing down onto the car.

Greybeard could barely see through the screen even though his wipers were working flat out. The water was sluicing down the mountain sides and across the road, sometimes he had to negotiate new streams pouring across his path. The thunder was loud in his ears even over the car stereo and the flashes of lightning cut harshly through the gloom to reveal the devastation caused by the downpour.

Suddenly he saw the earth above the road, just ahead of him, slide down and spread across the road. He braked as quick as he could, the wheels slithering in the mud and the rain. There was a brilliant flash of light and deafening crack of thunder right behind him. He instinctively ducked then looked behind to see a tree in flames, falling across the road behind him.

He was trapped between the mudslide and tree, and the water was still washing debris and mud around the car: he could get swept away in another earthslip if he stayed in the car. Switching off the engine and lights, he grabbed his waterproofs and staggered away from the car. But where to go?

He had been traveling down the mountain so he decided maybe if he got higher the land might be more stable, so he clambered over the tree, now doused by the sheeting rain, steam hissing from the green wood. It was a wild night, the wind whipping up the corners of Greybeard's waterproofs.

He saw, through the rain and gloom, a lighted window glimmering in the distance and made for the only shelter around. The storm still raged and thundered, another close flash and crack of thunder made him flinch. When he looked up, the light was gone. He had the bearings, so continued his slithering progress. By the lightning he could see a log cabin ahead. Suddenly there was a soft yellowish light in the window.

Greybeard fought his way to the cabin and hammered on the door. He had to wait a while before the door opened an inch and an eye stared out at him. He had to shout to make himself heard above the wind. He asked for shelter from the storm. The eye looked him up and down then came to a decision.

Slowly the door opened to reveal a woman. "Attractive," thought Greybeard as he stepped inside. "Blonde," he noticed. She closed the door behind him and said with a giggle, "Get those waterproofs off, and the boots. You're dripping all over my rugs."

He removed them and passed them to her outstretched hand. She hung the waterproofs up on the door then turned and looked him up and down again in the dim light of an oil lamp. Indicating the lamp she said, "Generator mast's just blown down. Wind generator. And where did you come from?"

He told her he had been driving north when the storm hit. How he was blocked in by a landslide and fallen tree, how he had seen the light. "Where's the nearest motel or somewhere to stay?" he finished.

"Remember you passed through a small town 20 miles back? That's the nearest!" She shrugged. "Looks like you're stuck here. You can bunk down on the hearth rug. Can I offer you something to eat?"

Greybeard grinned, "Now you mention it, I haven't eaten since breakfast."

"Sit yourself down," she indicated a large comfortable chair to one side of a glowing log fire and passed him a towel to dry off. She busied herself in the kitchen section for a minute then placed a tray with two hunks of bread and butter, a small selection of cheeses and a glass of wine on his lap. "Can't eat cheese without wine!" she pronounced and sat opposite him with a similar tray.

He thanked her then raised his glass, "And thank you for saving my life." She smiled her response. As they ate they introduced themselves. Her name was Blondie: easy to tell why. They exchanged the minor details of themselves, at first a little hesitantly as with strangers, but becoming more relaxed as they chatted. He enjoyed listening to her voice and watching the firelight flickering over her face.

She was dressed in a knee length blue denim skirt, a loose pale blue angora jumper with a big roll neck. Lovely face, maybe 44-45, he speculated. Pretty legs, trim figure. Greybeard tried, without making it obvious, to detect the shape of her breasts through the loose folds. The tantalising glimpses, as she moved, made him think hers would be lovely, and Greybeard was an unabashed tit man.

They finished their simple meal and she rose to collect his empty plates. "Thank you again, that was delicious," said Greybeard.

She refilled their glasses, placed the rest of the bottle by his chair, kicked off her mules and tucked her feet up on the chair. They talked happily, discovering about each other. Blondie's casual movements were gradually pushing her skirt up her legs. Greybeard's eyes were attracted to the mysterious dark area where skirt met her legs, Blondie caught him peeping and with a giggle dropped her feet back to the floor.

She drained her glass and stretched over to pass her glass for another refill. He shared the rest of the bottle between them and passed her glass back. Each time she stretched like that her knees parted a little, tantalisingly.

As they talked, Greybeard relaxed into a sprawl in the comfortable chair. Soon Blondie tucked her feet back up. Again her skirt kept rising up but this time she never checked it. It seemed to Greybeard she was shuffling around to encourage her skirt's movement. His glances became an unabashed stare. Their conversation became flirtatious and he caught her glancing down at the growing bulge in his pants.

Blondie seemed to make a decision, got up and returned with another bottle of wine. She poured and set the bottle beside him again. Standing hands on hips in front of him, legs slightly apart, she challenged, "I've seen you peeking up my skirt, and looking at my boobs. Guess what colour my underwear is," she gave a giggle, "and you can take it off." She bent over him, kissed his forehead and ran her hand over his short bristles, her fingers trailing sensuously over his chin.

Surely, she wouldn't be saying 'No' even if he did get it wrong, he thought. The atmosphere had changed from flirtation to sex. He went along with her game. She sat back and sipped at her wine, watching him try to decide. Her partly opened knees still did not show enough. After a few minutes as she shifted slightly, he thought he detected an extra dark patch. "Black," he said.

"Are you sure?"

"Yes, I guess black. Am I right?"

"I can never remember, I'll have to check." Pulling her head down inside her sweater, she looked at her bra, then hoisting her skirt she revealed dark blue. "Guess you lose. Unless you pay a forfeit. You can take my underwear off, but take my pants off with your teeth!"

Greybeard grinned. He liked that kind of challenge. Standing up, he kissed her lips briefly then raised her jumper over her head. She obliged by lifting her arms. His eyes went straight to the full breasts filling the blue bra, taking in the soft creamy swells at last. He planted a kiss on her cleavage then one on each proud nipple showing through the lacy material before removing her bra and gazing at her perfect breasts.

He located the fasteners for her skirt and slipped it off. Her matching blue pants hugged her slim hips and nicely framed her ass. Dropping to his knees, Greybeard first kissed her damp crotch then started working her pants down. He had to move around her once or twice to pull the back down as well, and finally he knew he was in a position to take them all the way.

As her pussy was revealed, Greybeard's prick gave another jerk. She had shaved her pussy and he loved to kiss a bare snatch. He did, being careful to make her feel his bristles on the milky-white softness inside her thighs. She was now panting and her pussy was getting wetter and wetter as he ran his tongue up her lips, savouring the sweet juices.

She pulled him to his feet and opened his shirt front, smoothing over the hairs on his chest and playing with one of his nipples. She kissed him long and hard as she worked his shirt from the top of his pants, pulled the shirt down his arms and threw it onto the pile of her clothes.

Blondie knelt down to remove his socks and pants which she did expertly. As he stepped out of his pants, she pulled him close and with another giggle, started to remove his shorts with her teeth. His now solid member made her task difficult but she finally got them off and kissed a drop of pre-cum from the end of his prick then, with a low growl she sank her mouth over his tool, taking him deep inside.

Greybeard relaxed for a while as her expert mouth caressed his prick, then knelt down beside her and held her in a passionate kiss and took her down to the rug in front of the glowing fire. They lay there for a few minutes, each enjoying exploring the other's body freely. Greybeards hands and mouth concentrated mostly on her firm breasts with their hard, proud nipples: she was running her hands all over his chest and down to his prick.

Blondie was making little mewling sounds whenever he gave her pussy some attention. She raised her hips to meet his touch and her juices flowed freely from her cunt. He knelt between her thighs and raised them over his own. He guided the head of his prick to her waiting pussy. "Take it slow and easy, please Greybeard," she implored. "I'm very small down there."

As he pushed the head of his tool forward he felt the tight resistance. He held back and just increased the pressure as he felt her relax. She was so very tight but Greybeard slowly eased his way inside. It felt like he was taking a virgin, so tight was she. But finally he felt her cunt open enough to accept his thickness and the purple head disappeared inside her.

"Oh, that's soooooo nice. Your prick is so big. I love it filling me up like that. Fuck me slowly, give me all of you inside."

Greybeard started a slow rocking movement with his hips, penetrating her depths with each long stroke, and pulling all the way back until the bulge came back as far as the tight entrance to her cunt. Her stream of juices kept him lubricated and he felt them trickling over his balls. She rose to meet him with each stroke, wanting all of him.

Blondie was rolling her head from side to side telling him how she loved his prick up her cunt. He sensed she was close to climaxing so he increased his stroke and was soon plunging hard inside her. She screamed as the first climax overcame her. Her skin flushed all the way to her nipples which were rock hard and crinkled and she bucked more and more under him.

He felt a tingling in his balls and knew he could not last much longer. "Oh, Blondie, Blondie, I'm cumming."

"Give it to me, Greybeard. Fuck me. Fill me with your cum. Fuck me NOWWWWWWWWWW," she screamed.

He felt the cum boiling up his prick and thrust hard, holding his tool in her depths. He groaned as he felt his fluid pump into her. Blondie was clinging to him, her fingers clutching at his back, filling herself with his cock as wave after wave of pleasure burst through her.

They clung to each other, catching their breath and then lay back, slick with sweat from their love-making in front of the fire. After a few minutes Blondie turned, kissed Greybeard and said, "I think we should go to bed, my love."