 I retired about five years ago, but still kept in contact with a few of my colleagues. I'd call if I was going to be in town, and one or another, and sometimes several of us, would get together for lunch. One day I was going to have lunch with one of the guys, and got a message about the time I was pulling up in front of the building, that a situation had arisen, and he was going to have to cancel. As I was reading the text and wondering what the next step was, I saw a woman I had worked with years ago come out of the building. 

I stepped out of the car. "Hey, Tina!!" I called out. She looked over, then realized who it was after a few seconds, since I was no longer in "school clothes," the business casual we wore in the office.

She walked to me quickly, a big smile coming over her face. "Hey, Tom!!" she said, giving me a long hug. "What brings you over to us?? Seems like it's been years since I saw you last. Sorry I didn't realize it was you right away. The shorts and t-shirt threw me."

I smiled at her as she released me. "Yeah, I've gone really casual in my retirement. I was going to meet Jerry for lunch, but he scratched just as I got here. So looks like I'm free now."

Tina smiled. "That works out perfectly. I was just on my way out to lunch." She took my hand in hers. "Want to join me??"

"You bet. Hop in." Tina got in my car, and we were off to a local barbecue joint, close by, since she had an hour, maybe an extra ten minutes if she stretched it. We got our food and had a wonderful visit, catching up on the last three years of our lives. It was strange in a way. I had always liked Tina, and I had heard from a mutual coworker while I was still working there that she was quite fond of me, though she never said anything while we were sharing a cubicle. We were both involved with others at the time, I married, she living with a guy in a long term relationship, so whatever feelings we may have had stayed under the surface. 

We found that we had both become single again, having lost our mates, hers way too young-he was only about 40-mine in her 60's. The shared sorrow led to a long discussion on many aspects of life, and we found we were on the same page on many things. It was a conversation I wish we could have had years ago, but perhaps the time wasn't right then. I also found that Tina was really easy to talk to, a great relief, since when we worked together, it seemed as much as we liked each other, we could never really open up. I adored Tina; I never could figure out what to say to her. Now it seemed so easy.

We finished our lunch and I took her back to work. "We'll have to do this again," said Tina, opening her door. 

"I'd like that. How about Friday after work??"

Tina smiled. "Sure. Pick me up here??"

"I'll do that. Five good??"

Tina thought a moment. "Make it 5:30. Sometimes my boss keeps me over a little. He can be a dick sometimes."

I laughed. "Can't they all!! I'll see you Friday." I leaned toward Tina to give her a hug, but she surprised me by pulling me close, and kissing me. It wasn't a long, sloppy, lustful kiss, but it was long enough to convey that she was definitely interested in more.

Friday arrived, and I went to the office to meet Tina. Fridays were jeans days when I worked there, and apparently this was still the case. Tina came out in a pair of faded Levi's, which looked good on her almost 50 year old ass, and I told her so. 

Tina laughed. "You're being kind. I stopped working out about six months ago when I sprained my shoulder. I must have put on 25 pounds since then." 

She smiled when I kidded her about all those free donuts lying around the building, typical up there on a Friday. "You're hiding it well," I said. "You're filling out those jeans pretty impressively." She was. Tina had never been skinny in the ten or so years I've know her, and she had obviously put on a few pounds, but it had not blown her up. I just wanted to grab a handful of her sweet ass, but had the good sense to realize doing it might not be a good idea in front of our building.

Tina smiled and gave me a short kiss now that she was in the car. As good as her jeans looked, the rest of her outfit was just as impressive. She had on a button down checked shirt over a tank top, only the bottom two buttons closed. Tina is rather well appointed, and she filled out the tank very nicely. One of the things that turns me on is when a girl's top pulls away from her body because her tits are stretching it. As Tina got her seatbelt on and adjusted, I could see the tank was actually a bra top, and the straps were pulled away from her shoulders. She got away with it due to the shirt she had on over it, but it was already getting my attention seeing the straps pulled off her shoulders in their effort to suspend her generous jugs.

"What strikes you??" I asked, having a few places in mind, but wanting to get her input. 

"There's a good barbecue place not too far. I hate to do this, but the boss has me working on a report he wants by 9 PM tonight, so I have to get back after dinner." 

"That old slave driver hasn't changed a bit, I see." I was seeing my night of new adventure vaporize in front of me. "How much time do you have??"

"I can take extra for dinner, as long as I get this thing out to him. So it's not like eat and run, though I'd rather have had the time to linger and chat. I always wished we could have done that a lot sooner than now, but it just wasn't in the cards back in the day." Tina leaned over and kissed me. "I'm sorry, I got ambushed."

I laughed. "Not to worry. We'll get more chances. He can't work you every night." Tina took my hand and we rode off to dinner, which was enjoyable, she having pulled pork and cole slaw, I having hot link and potato salad. As we had during our lunch encounter, we covered a lot of ground in our conversation, and I could sense the relationship deepening. 

After about an hour and a half, we decided it was time to head back. As we approached the building, Tina said, "Pull up in the dead end." 

There's a short section of road that was originally planned for a through street, but had not been completed. It ran about two block lengths toward our building, then stopped. During the day, it was filled with cars parked by employees of several local businesses. Now, at almost 8 PM, it was empty. I pulled to the end, facing the end of the road, and shut off. 

Tina kissed me, then got out, pulling off her checked shirt. I could now see how she filled out the bra top, and it was amazing. Her nipples were the size of pencil erasers, and were poking right through the fabric, a nice cap to what were easily D cup tits, which bulged from the top, pulling the straps away from her. It was all I could do not to tackle her right there in the street. She got in the back, tossing her shirt onto the seat back. I followed her lead, climbing in the back on my side. She leaned over and kissed me hard and deep. 

As she pulled away, she said, "I've wanted this for a long time. I'm not going to let that idiot take it away from me." I wasn't about to let that happen either. I started undoing my shirt, as Tina pulled up the bottom of her shirt, gathered it under her boobs, carefully pulling the bra part of it over them, and the top over her head. I watched intently as her sizeable jugs bounced free. She then lifted her ass off the seat, unbuttoning her jeans and pulling them down, revealing a pair of white cotton panties with little print flowers on them.

"Tighty whities??" I asked as she pulled her jeans off, putting them on the seat back.

Tina laughed. "I wasn't sure how tonight was going to go, and they're comfortable. Trust me, next time will be a lot more exciting." By then, I had my jeans off and my hard on was waving in the air as I sat on the back seat. Tina slid out of her panties and got on her knees in front of me, looking up and licking her lips as she grasped the base of my cock.

Tina took my cock in her mouth, first circling the head with her tongue, then taking the whole shaft in, slowly going to the base. It was exquisite. She worked on me for about five minutes, one hand on the base of my cock, the other cradling my balls. She was eagerly lapping up the growing amount of precome that was flowing from me. I was getting stiffer and stiffer as she worked her magic, and I was soon at a point where I was going to come soon if she stayed her course. Much as I was enjoying her oral ministrations, if this was going to be my one shot tonight, I wanted it to be in her pussy. She lifted her head after I let go a big drop of sperm, and I took the opportunity to pull her up. 

"Your turn," I said, moving her to the seat next to me. I slid over, Tina taking the hint to slide her hips toward me, presenting her dirty blonde pussy. Now it was my turn to kneel, and I got down in front of her, licking my lips as I got into position. Tina smiled down at me as I moved in. 

I kissed up her thighs, getting quickly to her furry labia. Normally, I'd take a lot longer to tease and lick her to a rocking orgasm, but time was of the essence. She obviously agreed, since her lips were already parting as I reached them. I flat tongued her, starting at the bottom of her slit, letting the tip of my tongue drag through her slit and over her clit, making her start. I licked back down, then repeated, this time dipping my tongue deliberately between her lips. She grabbed my head, forcing it into her. I licked over her clit, pressing on it as I swirled my tongue around it. Tina jumped, and I lingered a moment, drawing a moan. She guided me back down, and up again, and I dipped my tongue deeper, flicking it side to side as she pulled my head up. This time when I reached her clit, I latched on, rolling my tongue over it. I felt her hips shake, then thrust into my face as she came, letting out a small cry, then a long sigh as the feeling washed over her. While she was still convulsing, I moved up, nosing through her bush and over her belly, kissing up her body. I kissed her heaving left breast, then gently sucked the nipple, making her jump since she was still in the heightened arousal of her orgasm, then moved to the right tit, giving it the same treatment. 

I was now face to face with her, and we kissed. I felt her hand take my cock, pulling me toward her. "In me. I want it in me," she said breathlessly. I felt curly hair on the head, then the warm wetness of her pussy as she guided me inside her. I slid in easily, pushing steadily til I felt my balls on her ass. I rocked forward, pushing the base into her clit, again drawing a moan. I relaxed now that I was inside her, and fully over her, letting my chest rest on her ample tits. It was a nice feeling, to have those big soft tits that I had admired for so long, now naked and against me. 

Tina smiled at me. "You feel good inside me. I've wanted this for a long time."

I leaned down to kiss her, a long, soft kiss that she returned affectionately. I felt her legs wrap around mine. I started to slowly move in and out of her, taking my time. Our position in the back seat was such that the base of my cock was grinding into her clit when I bottomed out, my balls heavy on her ass. Tina was soon whimpering beneath me from the steady onslaught, even as we kissed. I pulled away from her, my cock still buried in her hot, steamy cunt as I watched her. I pulled her hips to me, rotating mine when I felt the head of my cock hit her cervix. That pushed her over the edge, and I felt her pussy get very wet around me. She cried out, her hips shaking as she came. I kissed her, then let her catch her breath. She smiled as she came down from her high, then pushed me up. I took the hint, and pulled out of her, looking at her now wet and tangled bush. 

I sat back on the seat, and she got up to straddle me, her thighs now around me as she moved into position. She kissed me, and I felt her lowering onto my cock. The angle made for good penetration, and it didn't take long for the head to poke into her womb. She now had me in a full embrace, her pussy engulfing my cock, her tits pressed against my hairy chest, her lips mashing mine. She started to ride me, steadily building the pressure. The heat from her pussy was overwhelming-it felt like I was inside a steaming oven. I tried to thrust up into her, but my movement was limited due my position, and the flex in the seat. 

It didn't matter much. I was going to come any minute from Tina pounding on my dick; as it was, her clit was grinding into the base of my cock, and she was also rapidly building to another orgasm of her own. I held her hips, pulling her to me. "I'm going to come," I told her, feeling the familiar burn of impending orgasm. 

"Mmmm, you're so big inside me," said Tina as my cock pushed past her cervix and bottomed out. She stroked up and down a couple more times. "In me, baby." She kissed me, then pulled away and looked into my eyes. "Come in me. I want your come." I pulled her hips tight to me, and let go. I blasted several long spurts of semen deep into her, the heat and force of it triggering an orgasm for her. I followed with another four or five smaller spurts as my climax trailed off. I flooded her, and I could feel my come shooting, then forcing its way between my cock and the walls of her pussy.

We sat together, Tina on me, panting for a few minutes as we recovered. Tina kissed me, then slowly lifted up and rolled off me, sitting on the seat next to me. She was leaning back on the door, her legs still open. I watched as her labia flexed, then after a couple of seconds, a large drop of come spilled from between them, then a thick stream, running down her ass and onto the seat. The car smelled like sex, excited pussy and spent sperm. She giggled, then gathered up the stray come and pushed it up her ass and back into her pussy. She licked her fingers clean. 

I took a few moment to absorb the view of Tina sitting on my back seat, big tits hanging, legs spread showing her matted bush, come spilling from it, a post coital glow surrounding her. "You're gorgeous," I said, looking into her eyes. She smiled, then leaned over and kissed me. 

"I suppose we should get you cleaned up and back to your desk."

"I was afraid you'd be a party pooper," she said, looking at me seriously. Then she laughed, and a wide smile spread across her face. She kissed me again. "That was amazing. I'm glad we could finally get together after all this time." 

"I am too. I've dreamed of this day for a very long time." I found a box of Kleenex on the floor, handing it to Tina. She pulled out three tissues and began to clean up. I put the box on the seat between us, taking a few myself. 

Tina got more or less cleaned up, and reached for her panties. "Maybe it's a good thing I had these after all. I'm still pretty wet."

"Sorry," I said. "Hope it won't be too uncomfortable back at the office for you."

Tina kissed me again. "I'm not. The truth is, I've had a crush on you for years, and I've thought about this happening since we were cubicle mates way back when." She kissed me again, then shuddered. 

I kissed her back. "That's funny. I could say the same thing." We were finally put back together, and I drove Tina back to the front of the building. She kissed me long and deep, holding my hand as she pulled away. 

She looked at me sadly as she got out. "I'm sorry this didn't end up better. We have to do this again when I have all night." She gave me a quick smile, her eyes now sparkling. "But at least I have you with me while I finish up this dumb assignment."

"Don't be sorry. Sometimes things are out of your control. I used to work here. I know what they're like." Tina was leaning forward, looking into the car from the passenger side. I had a marvelous view of her tits hanging in the slightly loose bra top. "I'd say this was the perfect ending."

Tina smiled. I could see love in her eyes. "Next time, I'll make sure we have a lot more time, and I don't have to rush back."

I smiled at her. "I'll look forward to that. And to seeing you in just the checked shirt next time."

Tina got an enigmatic smile. "I think we can make your dream come true. Might be fun," she said with a wink.

And it was fun. Tina braless in a cotton shirt was a guaranteed hard on-I was treated to that on our next date-along with crotchless panties in place of the granny panties under her jeans. That second date led to many nights spent enjoying each other, even if we do have to go for the back seat quickie once in a while.