 The moonlight sparkled on the water, kissing the peaks of the waves before they crashed down onto the beach. Tide was out, and Daddy and I walked in the shallows, feeling the warm ocean water wrap around our ankles, as the surf came in and retreated.

We had gone out to eat and returned to the cottage and decided that a nice long walk would settle our supper a little bit and give us a chance to unwind after a busy day. We talked about inconsequential things at first, the day on the beach, the steaks we had eaten at dinner, the silly shops we had visited while out shopping. 

Daddy stopped and pulled me in close to him. We had changed from the casual wear we had worn out back into bathing suits. My red two piece swimsuit in sharp contrast to my pale skin and dark hair. I don't often choose a two piece but Daddy had insisted on it. And while I felt a little self conscious at first, it had become obvious that morning on the beach that Daddy wasn't the only man to appreciate my curves. Even a couple of women had told me how sexy I looked. So I had eagerly donned it again when Daddy asked me to change into it. 

Daddy isn't the tallest man in the world, but compared to me, he might as well be. Anyone that is more than 6" over my 5'1" frame seems huge to me. He is hard lines and muscles, and I am soft sweet curves. 

I molded my body up close to him, and he pulled me deeper into the surf, just before the breaking waves, water up to our waists. I tried not to think about the ocean critters that were probably swimming around our legs, as I felt Daddy's finger, push my swimsuit aside, and push relentless into my slippery depths. I moaned, as Daddy pushed another finger into me as his lips captured mine and he bit down gently on my lower lip. 

I could hear the din of laughter coming down the beach, children laughing and splashing at the water's edge as they passed by us, their parents calling them away to discreetly leave us alone. Daddy pushed another finger inside me and chuckled as I moaned against him, my tongue diving deep into his mouth. 

Daddy, stood there, holding me against him with one arm, nibbling my neck as his fingers danced inside me. Finally, he honed in on my g-spot, and sped up his pace, his fingers, driving me closer and closer to the edge. 

"Tell Daddy what you want little slut," he whispered in my ear.

"Daddy please let me cum," I begged.

"You naughty little slut you want to cum right here in the ocean, with people walking up and down the beach? What if they see you cumming out here in the water? Look at the shore baby. Do you really want to cum in front of all of those people?" 

Daddy's fingers continued that come hither motion, driving me wild and I didn't want to break eye contact with him, but he squared his jaw, and I knew I had to look. I turned my head to shore. I wanted to cum so badly, and I was so ready and so close it was hard to look or even care if there were people on the beach. Still look I did, and I scanned the shoreline. The beach was fairly empty, but there were still people moving along the edge of the shoreline. No children that I could see, which was my only concern.

"Please Daddy," I implored as I turned back to look in his eyes. His fingers danced inside me some more, "Please, may I cum, I am so very needy Daddy, and I don't care who's on the beach Daddy, please..."

Daddy, flicked his fingers in my harder, and whispered in my ear, "Are you sure Baby? That is still an awful lot of people out there, what if one of the notices you cumming?"

"I don't care, Daddy, please," I whined as fingers continued to drive me closer and closer to the edge.

"Cum now for Daddy, right now! Don't hold it back, Baby, cum hard!"

I writhed against him, my orgasm taking over me as his fingers drove into me, pulling me against him. I could feel his hard cock, against my leg, as he fucked me harder and harder with his fingers. My pussy clamping and grasping onto his fingers as the orgasm shook me to my core.

When I could stand on my own again, I reach out and rubbed his cock with my hand, and he swatted my hand away, "Later," he growled.

I pulled my hand away, and tried to fix my bikini bottoms. He helped me get them straight and we made our way out of the water and back onto the shore, laughing and splashing water as we went. We walked hand in hand, leisurely back towards the cottage. 

The moonlight had faded and the night sky was beginning to fill with tall storm clouds out over the ocean. We could see the lightning in the distance, but the cracks of thunder were still too far way to be heard over the pounding waves.

As we neared the cottage, we made our way through the dry, deeper sand and then back up the steps to the walkway. As we started down the boardwalk, we got to a small deck that was to one side opposite an outdoor shower spigot. We washed our feet off with the bottom sprayer and sat on the bench under the little shelter opposite to watch the storm for a little while.

Instead of filling the silence with talking, we simply sat and enjoyed the beauty of the lightning as it streaked from cloud to ocean. Daddy put his arm around my shoulders and pulled me into his chest. I snuggled close content to be in his arms.

The lightning was spectacular, but my mind kept wandering back out to the orgasm I had just had and all I could think about was Daddy's hard cock pressing into my leg out in the ocean as I had cum in his arms. 

I simply couldn't take it any longer, I reached over, and began to rub his leg just above the knee, finally, just taking the initiative to reach up and rub the length of his cock. It was still as hard now as it was then. I wanted him so badly, and apparently Daddy was ready now too, to my delight. 

Daddy reached over, and pulled the top of my bra away so that my tits were exposed and pinched my nipples, gently, then harder and harder, as I moaned, he twisted and pulled making me squirm on the bench. I could feel my arousal build and my juices began to leak out of my swimsuit, as he continued to pinch and tug as he nibbled and kissed on my neck. 

The difference between the sweet gentle exploration of my neck was so at odds with the harsh pinching and pulling of my nipples, that I thought I might just explode then, but without a word, Daddy stood up, and grabbed my arm and pulled me across the small deck to the other side and bent me over the railing, pulling the bottoms of my swimsuit down to my knees.

'Daddy's turn," he ground out as he pushed his cock into my hungry pussy, until he was buried into me, his thighs pressing harder and harder against me. HIs hands on my tits, pinching and pulling as he pulsed inside of me. I wanted him to thrust in and out of me, yet, he stood still, listening to my cries as he pinched my tits and I ground against him. 

The wind was blowing now, and one could hear the thunder crashing loudly. No longer distant, the storm was close at hand. I knew that soon the rain would fall, and we would be swept up into the fury of the storm, still, it might as well have been a summer breeze for all that I cared. I simply wanted him to fuck me as savagely as the oncoming storm. 

"Who owns you slut?" he asked as I ground my ass against him.

"Daddy owns this slut," I answered him breathlessly, my thoughts focused on nothing but wanting him to fuck my pussy hard and fast.

"And don't you ever forget it."

He fucked me hard and furiously and I orgasmed so many times I lost count. Each time, my cries were carried away in the wind, and the pounding of the waves, and roar of the thunder. As I screamed out of my release, the final time, Daddy grabbed me up, whirled me around and pushed me to my knees.

I needed no instructions, my mouth latched onto his cock, and I sucked him in deep and hard all the way to the base. Daddy grabbed my head, and throat fucked my face with all of the fury of the storm that was bearing down upon us. 

I felt his cockhead swell, and I knew he was on the verge of cumming, he pulled himself from my greedy mouth, and thick hot jets of his cum, sprayed across my face and tits, and then again in my mouth, as I sucked down the last few spasms of cum and cleaned his cock. 

"That's right, Daddy's precious cockslut, clean Daddy's cock off" he was nearly shouting to be heard, as the wind whipped around us. Regardless of the storm, I was looking my Daddy in the eye as if it were peaceful and calm. 

Daddy though, ever mindful of our safety, pulled me up, and under the shower sprayer, to wash the cum off of me, as the thunder continued to roll around us. The first drops of rain began to hit as we hurried the rest of the way up the boardwalk, and we reached the safety of the back porch just as the storm hit.

Daddy pulled me into his arms inside the French doors and kissed me deeply and breathed into my ear, "Angel, now it's time for a shower to get the sand off..." 

I knew the night was far from over.