 It was bad enough getting called to work late on a Saturday night to deal with a computer problem, but on a night like this it was especially crappy. The summer thunderstorm slashed at my truck windows and I could barely see the rutted gravel road through my windshield. The headlights and wipers did little to improve the situation. It was nearly one in the morning as I made my way down the rough road having just turned off the highway. I love living out in the woods, away from the crush of town live. The downside was the less than fun drive when the weather turned like it did here. I slowed down and forded the first low water bridge, one of two I had to traverse, and noted that the water was already pretty high. In another hour it would be well beyond crossing. Good thing tomorrow wasn't a work day! I rounded a sharp curve, the trees leaning over the road and the slashing rain making visibility nearly nill.  I saw a flash in my headlights, and jerked the wheel hard. I don't know what it was, but it didn't belong in the middle of the road. Even with four wheel drive and traction control, the truck had little chance on the rutted gravel. I slid nose first into the ditch of the narrow road, coming to rest with the front wheels in the flowing water of the ditch and the rear still on the rutted gravel. I shook my head to make sure I was ok, and then turned to see what I had almost hit, probably a damn deer. 

I opened my truck door and saw a woman standing in the middle of the road, illuminated only by the red of my tail lights. Another flash of lighting gave me a stobe effect view of a good looking woman, wearing a soaked yellow summer dress, her arms crossed under her rather large set of breasts. Her long dark hair was stringy and soaked, hanging around her bare shoulders. walking and shivering at the same time, the only illumination was that of my tail lights and the occasional flash of lightning. I climbed out to check and see if she was ok the huge drops of water feeling like liquid ice as they quickly soaked into my light weight shirt.

"Are you ok?" I shouted over a clap of thunder.

She nodded that she was, and then stood shivering, looking quite lost and uncertain. 

"What are you doing out here?" I asked as the rain soaked through my pants, leaving me almost as wet as she seemed to be.

"My cccccar went offff the roadddd" she shivered.

"Come on. Get in my truck." I said leading her to the passenger side of the suburban, still stuck in the ditch. Once she was in I went around and jumped in and cranked the heat all the way up. "Where did you go off?" I asked her.

"Down that way!" she said pointing toward the next low water bridge.

"Ok." I said, putting the truck in reverse and easily getting out of the ditch, the automatic four wheel drive kicking in at the first slip of the tires. I went down the road the quarter mile to the next low water crossing. Sure enough, there was her car, washed off the low water bridge. It was going to need a serious tow truck. "I don't think that's going anywhere any time soon." I told her.

She spewed a stream of what sounded to me like Spanish, most likely some not very nice words if I was any judge.

"Would you like me to take you someplace?" 

"Si! I would like to go to town to a hotel please." She said with a definite Spanish accent.

"Sure thing." I said as I turned around and headed back toward town. I made the last turn before the first low water bridge and hit the brakes. There was no getting across this one now. "I hate to say this, but we aren't getting across this." 

Another stream of Spanish profanity before she slowed down. 

"Look. We aren't going to make it to town. Is there someone I can call?"

"No. No one I know will be home."

"Well, I know this sounds bad, but the best I can do is take you home. I live just up the road. When it rains like this it's not unusual to get flooded in."

"You take me home?"

"To my house... yes."

"I don't know what else to do... Can I trust you?"

"Yes, you can trust me." I said as I turned around and drove back to the low water bridge where her car was. I forded the deep water and then drove another quarter mile to my driveway. Well, maybe driveway is a poor description. My house is set almost a half mile back into the woods on a nice two hundred acre wooded lot. I pulled into the garage out of the rain and climbed out, walking around to open the door for my passenger. "We're here!" I said holding my hand out. "Come on in and I will get you some towels to dry off with." She took my hand and let me pull her from the truck. In the light of the garage I was able to really see what she looked like. She was fairly tall, maybe a tad under six foot, and very well built with a thin waist, nice hips and a hell of a set of tits. Hell, the wet dress was half falling off of them and I could see her nipples and large dark areola clearly though the soaked material. I really couldn't help myself as I looked down her body, the soaked material clinging to her body like a second skin, allowing me to easily see the outline of her tiny white thong panty and the tops of her thigh high stockings. Her high heels were so muddy that I wasn't sure what color they were even supposed to be. I finally tore my eyes from her body so she didn't think I was a total letch.

"Come on in and I will get you a towel." I said as I led the way to the garage door and walked into the house, hoping she would follow. I walked to the closet and got several towels out and then walked to the guest room, pushing the door open. "Here, you can get dried off in here. I'll see if I can find something for you to wear."

"Thank you. You are very kind." She said her english seeming to be better now that she was no longer shivering.

I closed the door on her and went to my own room and peeled off the wet clothes, using a towel to dry off. I dug through my drawers and after pulling on a pair of running shorts and slippers, pulled out a pair of shorts and t-shirt that I thought might fit my guest.

I walked back to the guest/workout room and knocked. "Are you decent?" I asked.

"Si." She said. I opened the door and found her sitting on the weight bench, her body wrapped in one towel and her long dark hair wrapped in another. 

"I found these. They might fit." I said handing the shorts and shirt over.

"That is very nice." She said. "My name is Marcelina."

"Hi, my name is Mike. I'm going to go turn on the tv and see what weather radar looks like."

"That is a good idea!" She said following me out of the room, wearing the towel and carrying the shorts and shirt.

I sat on the sofa in front of the tv and flipped on the big 60 inch LCD. I really wasn't thinking too well, the last thing I had been watching when the call came in was a nice DVD of a large chested blond getting banged next to a pool. All I had done was to pause it, and when the TV came on, there was the paused picture of the blonde, some huge dick buried into her, her face screwed up in ecstasy.

"Woops!" I said embarrassed, fumbling with the remote to switch the input back to the satellite. Marcelina giggled as she watched me turn red.

"So what had you out on the road this late?" I asked her trying to distract her.

"I was at my friend's wedding. We came from Texas to see it. I caught my bastard husband in the ladies room fucking one of the brides maids. I told the sonovabitch that if he wanted to fuck her, he could damn well go home with her and then I left."

"So how did you get on this road?"

"I was trying to follow the directions from the country club."

"Oh. I see. You turned on the wrong road. If you would have turned sooner you would have gotten back to the highway sooner. I'm afraid you're going to be stuck her for a while." I went on, looking at the radar on the tv. "This kind of rain will last a while and then it will take a while for the creeks to go down. You sure you don't want to call anyone?"

"No. I don't. Thank you for bringing me home. It was very nice of you." She said in her cute Spanish accent. She pulled her towel off her hair and went to work with it, rubbing her still wet hair to dry it. Her dark skin was a stark contrast to the light yellow of the towels, and her big tits wiggled around under the other towel as she rubbed her hair vigorously. 

"I don't know why I stayed with that bastard." She said venomously as her body shook with her efforts on her hair. "I forgave him the last time I caught heem fucking around. I forgave him and he promised, never again. I have been true to him for ten years, and what do I get for it? He fucks one of the bridesmaids at my friends wedding!" The towel around her body continued to work lower on her tits as she rubbed her hair. She either didn't notice, or didn't care. I on the other hand did both. My dick was growing quickly as I watched the tops of her areola become visible. "I mean what the hell. Why should I care what that bastard does any more? He wants to fuck around, then he can damn well have all the cute little whores he wants, but I'll be damned if he will get to stick his dirty dick into me ever again! Hijo Basrardo!" she swore.  Gravity finally did its job, and the towel slipped from her big tits, piling up around her waist. She pulled the towel off of her head and looked down at her. "Look at me! What is wrong with how I look? Doesn't my body look good?" she practically shouted at me.

"You look just fine to me." I replied, not really sure what she was expecting. 

"Fine? I look FINE to you?" she cried, bursting into tears and covering her face with the wet towel from her hair.

"Hey. It's ok." I said sliding over to her and putting my arm around her shoulder. "You're a very good looking woman. If you were my wife I wouldn't be screwing around on you."

"You're just saying that to get me to stop crying." She sniffed into the towel.

"No. I mean it. You really are a good looking woman, the parts I've seen at least."

"You really do mean it?"

"Yes. I don't know why he did what he did, but it definitely isn't because of how you look. Hell, if I wasn't a gentleman, I probably would have been trying to jump you already."

"Thank you." She said leaning into me and wiping her face with the towel. "You have been a gentleman." 

"Not a problem but I think your crying has taken care of the rest of your makeup, the part the rain didn't trash, I mean." I said looking at the remains of her mascara streaking down her face.

"I must look a mess." She sniffed. "Let me go wash this off."  She got up, letting the towel around her waist slide to the floor. She walked toward the guest bathroom completely naked, her cute ass wiggling as she walked. I could see little glimpses of her pussy lips as she made her way to the bathroom. I didn't know why her husband decided to mess around, but it looked to me like he was really missing the boat.

I readjusted my seat and the hardon I had sprouted watching her. 

She came back a few minutes later, her bare body looking hot as her large tits wiggling seductively as she walked back toward me. She stepped right in front of me and knelt down, looking straight into my eyes. "I think it's my turn to have some fun. Would you like to have some with me?"

"You sure you want to do this?" I asked her a she rubbed my hard dick through my shorts.

"I haven't ever messed around with anyone but my husband before... Yes! I'm definitely sure!" she said with conviction as she tugged on the waistband of my shorts. "What about you?"

I stood up and allowed her to pull my shorts down to my ankles and stepped out of them, my rigid dick poking straight out toward her. I allowed her to push me back down onto the sofa. She pushed my legs apart and slid between them, gently wrapping one hand around my hard dick, and cupping the other around my balls.

"You have a very nice looking cock." She whispered before gently wrapping her lips around the head. I watched her watch my eyes for reaction as she stroked the bottom of the head, one of the most sensitive spots, with her tongue. I closed my eyes and moaned quietly in appreciation as she began working her hand, sliding and twisting its way up and down my dick in coordination with the suction she was applying with her mouth. She was obviously well practiced at this maneuver and she soon had me groaning in delight as she worked more and more of my dick into her mouth. I groaned even louder as she pressed her face down toward my balls, the head of my cock meeting resistance for only a moment as she pressed it down into her throat. 

"If you keep that up, I'm going to be cuming real soon." I groaned at her.

She pulled her head off my dick, the head almost popping out of her throat. "Any time you want." She said before lifting herself higher and wrapping her luscious tits around my dick.

"Oh god." I groaned as I watched her slide her tits up and down my dick, its rigid shaft nestled into the snug envelope she created. My head disappeared into her mouth and I felt her suction it each time she went down, allowing it to pop out of her mouth in time to disappear between her tits each time she went back up. Before too many more of these wonderful strokes, I felt my balls tightening up, growing closer to its impending explosion. "I'm going to cum!" I said through gritted teeth.

"Good." She said, continuing to work her tits around my dick. 

I squeezed her body with my legs, as the first huge surge of my hot cum exploded from my dick, lancing up and splashing off her face.  

"SI!" she hissed as another shot of cum flew up from my dick, some of it landing on her face as she tried to aim it into her mouth. She wrapped her lips around my dick and suctioned the third huge squirt of cum out along with the fourth and fifth. She continued to suck and lick my dick as its powerful shots of cum reduced small squirts and finally a drool. Allowing her tits to cradle my slowly deflating dick until she was no longer able to keep it both there and in her mouth. 

"You like?" she asked with a huge smile, some of my cum still on her face.

"Oh yes." I said as I leaned toward her and wiped my cum from her face with my finger. She turned her head and sucked my finger into her mouth, sucking and licking it clean. She released my finger from her mouth and my dick from the cradle she formed with her tits and began to rub the cum spattered on them into them like lotion. 

"Now I make you hard again and then you last much longer." She cooed as she climbed up my body slowly, dragging her tits along my stomach and chest, until she was looking directly into my eyes. She leaned her face close to mine and gently brushed her lips against mine. She paused momentarily and then sucked my lower lip into her mouth. I squeezed her firm ass with both hands as she pulled my lip out and then released it. She moved in close again and her hot mouth met mine, our tongues tentatively reaching out into each other, touching and dancing with more urgency as each second passed. I felt her body move as she settled her knees on each side of my thighs, her hot mouth never separating from my own. It felt like an eternity before she broke the hot kiss and lifted her body higher, cupping one of her tits and holding the nipple inches from my face. I moved a hand up her back and pulled her closer as I gently kissed her nipple and then sucked it onto my mouth, suctioning it longer as my tongue licked and flicked across it.

"Ohhhhhhh  nice." She cooed as I released the first tit and moved to the second to repeat the process. I could feel her hot wet pussy pressing against my quickly hardening dick as she rocked her hips gently. "I like that." She cooed as she stroked my hair, pulling my head slightly tighter to her firm tit. Her pussy gently stroked up and down the bottom side of my dick, wetting it causing it to grow even more. She lifted herself slightly and allowed my surprisingly rigid dick to engage into her opening. She slowly pushed herself down on me, my head pressing into her, the pressure building against the head until suddenly it eased and I slid deep into her tight pussy. The two of us groaned in unison as the head of my dick drove slowly and deeply into her.

"Oh god you feel good." I groaned as her pussy fully engulfed me.

"OHHHHH" she squealed as her clit pressed against the base of my dick. She began pulling slowly up my dick, allowing only my head to remain inside her before she quickly pushed down on me diving my dick deep into her and slamming her engorged clit into the base of my cock once again. She repeated this process time and time again, my hands cupping her firm tits, her nipples sticking between my fingers allowing me to squeeze her hard nubs in time with her strokes. "OH FUCK!" she cried as her body began to tremble. Her whole body convulsed as her tight tunnel squeezed my dick. I moved a hand to her back and pulled her chest to my face, sucking one of her nipples into my mouth and nibbling it, driving her climax even higher. Her body twitched and spasmed as her orgasm washed over her, little waves of pleasure rippling up and down her body. I held her until she sagged into me, her orgasm finally falling away. "Ohhhh that felt good." She cooed at me as she lifted off of my dick and pulled me up as well. "Now fuck me from behind until you cum. I want to feel your cum fill me up." She said before pulling my face to hers and kissing me wetly. 

We stood and kissed for several minutes, our tongues teasing each other while she stroked my still hard dick with her hand. Finally she pulled her face from mine and pulled me by the hand around the sofa, letting go of me only when she bent over the back of the sofa, sticking her ass and pussy out at me. I stepped behind her and sunk my dick deep into her, my head pressing against her cervix as my hips pressed against her firm ass. I held her ass with both hands, squeezing each firm globe while I used it as a handle. I began plunging in and out of her wet pussy, groaning in pleasure as she squeezed her already tight tunnel around my pistoning dick. She spread her legs farther apart, her arms using the seat cushion as a support to hold her up. 

"Cum in me! I want to feel your cum pumping into me!" she cried out as I stroked in and out of her sopping pussy. "Oh SHIT!" she cried after some minutes of my stroking. "I'm CUMING!" 

Her pussy practically vibrated around my dick as another orgasm washed over her. The sensations and her cries of wanting to feel my cum inside her pushed me over the edge. My dick exploded inside her, pumping a shot after shot of cum into her, each one accompanied by a scream of pleasure from her. Finally exhausted I allowed my dick to slip from her, unleashing a small flood of our juices. She rolled over the back of the sofa and onto the seat, spread across the cushions, facing up at me. She reached for my hands and pulled me across the sofa back until I rolled over it and on top of her. She gently kissed me on the lips, a slow wet sensual kiss. 

"Thank you. That felt wonderful." She purred after she broke the kiss. 

"I'm glad you thought so. I thought it was pretty fantastic too."

"You like Marcelina's body?"

"I think it's an exquisite body! I could look at it all night and all day!" I replied honestly

"Then I won't wear anything until I leave!"

"That suits me fine, although I have to admit I'm starting to get tired. It is nearly three in the morning."

"Then why don't we find your bed?"

"Sounds like a good idea." I said as I crawled off of her and stood up, holding my hand out for her. She took my hand as she stood up and I led her down the hall to my room. The two of us crawled into my queen sized bed, Marcelina cuddling up against me, one leg sprawled across me and her tits pressed against me. She snuggled her face into my neck and sighed contentedly as I held her close to me. Before long we were both fast asleep.
