 A storm rolls in. Deep dark purple black clouds hanging lazily over our heads. Thick rain drops pounding down upon the soft earth. Lightening flashes, lightening up the sky, making everything visible for a brief moment in time. A lonely looking cabin can be seen in that brief moment, a safe haven to weather out the storm. I gasp as you grab my hand and pull me towards it, surprised by the action. Upon reach the porch I try the handle but its locked. "Fuck it!" I grumble in a husky whisper as I push you against the door, taking a moment while your distracted trying to jimmy the door open. I crowd my body up against yours. Running my hand up your neck I gently caress it before I take your lips in a rough passion filled kiss. I whimper against your lips as you take over the kiss, demanding a response. I press my body up against yours as I feel your hands tugging and pulling at my clothes. My hips rock against yours as you seem to take control of the situation. 

I gasp as your warm hands slip up under my shirt to cup my cold rain soaked breasts, my nipples beading beneath your rough palms. I offer a soft sound of protest as you rip my lacy bra, not bothering to unhook it. I nibble lightly on your jaw, breaking the kiss, vainly trying to gain control back as your hands slid down my body. I suck lightly on your ear lobe before whispering in it how wet and needy I'm feeling right now. How desperately I want to feel every single inch of you thrusting into me hard. As your hands slid back up my body I shimmy my way down, letting my lips and hands touch and caress every inch of you. Once I'm on my knees I look up at you, my lips curved into a seductive smile. I slid my hands up your legs, til my fingers brush against your already hardened cock. With slow intent I unzip your jeans. I lean up to kiss your belt line as I tug those rain soaked jeans down your legs, my breath quickens as I glance down when you hard cock springs free. I moan softly at the sight, my body clenching with desperate need.

I flick my tongue against your tip a few times, watching your reaction. One hand I rest on my own thigh as the other comes up to gently caress your cock. I smile and press my lips against the tip before taking as much in as I possibly can. I offer a soft moan of delight as my tongue begins to caress and rub. My lips form a tight seal as I begin to suck, my head moving back and forth with each slow intake and release. I keep my eyes on you as your fingers tighten in my hair, my body clenches again hearing your groan of pleasure. I can feel my body reacting to the sounds your making and what I'm doing, the entire storm soaked experience heightening my pleasure even though I'm not being touched. I begin to stroke you faster and faster as my lips keep their tight seal. I continue to suck and caress and rub my tongue against your cock. 

My moans vibrating my lips and throat as I take more and more in, my fingers continuing their speedy stroke. I can feel your cock throbbing against my tongue, it makes my moan louder against it, my hips rocking softly as I slip my own fingers along my thigh up under my skirt to barely rub against my own pussy, stroking over my clit through my lace panties. The harder you throb in my mouth, the faster my lips work over you. I start bobbing my head faster and faster, wanting to feel all the sticky cum in my mouth, wanting you to blow. I near cum feeling your fingers tighten in my hair, tugging me closer, so near. A startled gasp escapes my lips as you tug my head back, stopping me from continuing. Puzzled by that, knowing you were so close. But looking up at you and seeing that grin has me squirming where I kneel before you, not sure what you're planning.

Hauled quickly to my feet and pressed up against the cabin door, nipples rubbing against the rough wood, a murmured protest escapes the lips. I shift slightly as you press up against me. I glance over my shoulder, watching through half lidded eyes, curious as to what you've got planned. Your hands slid along over the ass, a quick smack, a soft moan.

I bite my bottom lip and lower my head as hips shift with another smack, then a rub to sooth the sting. The rain soaked clothing making things sting a tad more than normal. Couldn't help the subtle sway of the hips as your hands move upwards, briefly cupping the breasts. Fingers flicking over sensitive nipples. I lean into the door as your hands slowly make their way back down my body, still unsure of what you've planned, which adds to the thrill for me. Feeling your fingers upon my thighs I shift my legs apart, giving your fingers room to caress and touch as you see fit. Body already on fire from what I had been doing earlier. Lips still tingling from that pleasurable moments sucking on your hard cock, merely thinking about it causes a moan to escape the lips and the hips to press down against your hand as your fingers move over my lace clad pussy. My breathing changes as you begin to rub, adding more pressure after a few moments, yet any attempt to shimmy free of the annoying lace causes you to stop, which frustrates and excites more. I murmur how this is driving me nuts and how I can barely stand such sensual torture, no verbal response, just caressing and taunting fingers.

Feeling as if Im going to go insane your fingers trail back over my thighs and up to my hips. A protesting groan is uttered as those fingers slid around to my stomach, tapping gently just above the lace line of my panties. A lift of the hips to encourage touch seems ignored, with a sigh I go to straighten up, thinking play time is over. Which is wonderfully not the case as you press up against me and those fingers of yours slip beneath the lace, barely touch above the clit. Teasing the hood once with a single finger before brushing over the moist warm pussy lips.

A mere tease that causes the body to heat up and get far more sensitive. The legs shift apart slightly to allow further and lower explorations, as the back arches giving better access to the rest of the body. Still teasing touches and caress, all adding to things yet driving me insane, keeping my body on that very edge, denying release. I know it all adds to it but the frustration and the denial of release causes a pleading whimper to escape my lips. I let out a sigh of relief as that annoying lace is finally shimmied down the hips and pushed lower, leaving everything bare to your eyes. Not being able to resist I wiggle my ass some, which prompts a quick reprimanding smack. I hold my breath to avoid the moan that welled up with that smack. Trying not to give into my body's desire to insist upon relief.

I bite my bottom lip again, lightly dragging my teeth back and forth over it as your hands once more merely graze over my body. Causing me to this time press back into you, giving up on keeping a semblance of control and merely reacting. No longer to I bother to soften the moans as your hands touch, caress and tease. The way your fingers brush against the nipples, making them tighter and far more sensitive causes a soft moan, yet the way those same fingers pull and rub against them causes gasps of pleasure to escape. My hips sway back and forth, causing my ass to rub against your still hard cock.

As your fingers once more trail over my hips I feel you press forward, letting that hard shaft slip between my thighs, not entering merely teasing the folds. My fists clench as my forehead rests against the door, those hips still swaying against you, trying to encourage and demand at the same time. After a few teasing thrusts you slid the head of your cock in. That first inward thrust near causing me to cum. Oh god a murmur to myself as you pull back then press forward, teasing me still. Barely letting another inch slid in. You do this a few times, each time slipping a bit more in, a bit faster til soon your entire length is nestled deeply inside of me. You pause for a moment before your fingers dig into my hips and you set a fast deep pounding pace. My moans go from soft to loud, seeming to grow in pitch with each thrust.

Breasts bounce with each inward thrust, bring them against the door hard. I cup them in my hands, twirling the nipples around, teasing my own body as you continue to thrust. Both our breathing changes, becoming haggard and hard. Chests heaving with the effort of whats going on. Heart rates pick up, beating against the rib cages. The slanting pouring rain keeps heated bodies cool. I can feel my body begin to tighten and clench down around your shaft, gripping it tighter and tighter, causing harder thrusts from you at a faster pace. I swallow hard trying to keep control, not wanting to orgasm just yet, wanting to prolong the pleasure. As if sensing that struggle you reach around your fingers slipping down, pressing and rubbing against the clit, adding further pleasure. That little extra is my undoing, body seems to shatter and clench around your thrusting cock, a near scream of pleasure torn from my throat. My inner muscles spasm around your cock, seeming to milk it as if wanting you to cum as well. Yet you continue to thrust in, faster and harder than before, striving for your own release now. Within moments the added pace and depth causes another orgasm to hit, a hoarse moan escaping with it. Sadly within moments you finally give into your body's need for release. Your fingers tighten on my hips, digging in, as you cum, with a groan.