 You sound distracted when you pick up the phone.

"Guess where I am," I say. No 'hello', just a simple riddle. You take a breath and I hear your whole body change at once. Hear your cheeks warming, your heart racing.

You answer back. "Where?" The smile on your face is audible.

"A hotel near the airport. Can you come?"

You grin at the innuendo.

Two hours later you find me in a dark corner of the, nearly empty, hotel bar. A big screen television shimmers off you as you walk past two aging women who sneer at your beauty. I stand up to meet you, charcoal pants and a loose fitting dress shirt over my body. You smile the whole way across the bar and I follow your eyes until they're upon me. You fall into my arms and we kiss like two people who have never needed kissing so badly.

Your arms take hold of my shoulders, our lips pressing hard, wet mouths tasting each other, an all too brief impression of your tongue on my lips, and then we sit. We order drinks and let the repressed excitement settle around us.

Twenty minutes later we can both feel the warmth between us. We have talked and smiled and realized that it wasn't just something else, that it was real. The look in your eyes is offering something, and the look in mine is accepting it. I watch your thighs as you cross your legs, I watch your breasts as you lean towards your drink. I take a sip and let my hand press against the swelling under my pants. You catch my eye and lick your lips so subtly I nearly miss it.

Your hand is on my knee, nails against my skin. I place my hand on yours, guiding you up my leg slowly. You glance around the room and find no one watching. I lean in and we kiss again. The walls turn away and clear their throat - they've seen a lot of this sort of thing over the years.

"What are you wearing under that?" I ask with a casual air, a tilt of my head.

You take a sip and tell me, in an equally casual tone, about the tight red panties pressed against your skin. I lean back and tell you to give it to me.

You raise your eyebrows in quiet surprise.

"What?"

"Take off your panties and hand them over. Right here."

You look around the room just in time to catch a waiter coming to us. You stay silent as I order us another round. After he leaves you look back to me and smile.

"Do I have to ask you again?" I say this slow and challengingly.

You bite your bottom lip and shift in your seat. Your hands reach up under your skirt, and for a moment I see the very top of your thigh, and it's perfect. You watch my eyes as you lean down to the floor and bring up with you a slice of red fabric. Triumphantly you hand it to me.

"Thank you."

You sit back and finish off your drink as you watch me. I hold your underwear in my hand, and then lay it out on the table top, just sitting their, unmistakable. You look at it oddly as the waiter brings our fresh drinks. He looks down and pauses, just for a moment, as he catches sight of your lingerie sitting on the table. You blush as he smiles and walks away.

You lead the way into my room. It's a dark suite on the twelfth floor. A small dining table, a desk, sofa, large bathroom, and the bedroom. I follow you in, closing the door behind us. You turn on the nearest lamp and turn to face me in the soft light.

"Now what?" You ask in knowing tones as you survey the room, your eyes finding the bedroom off to your left.

I step towards you, as you turn away from me. My hands slip smoothly over your hips, smoothing the fabric against your skin. You turn into me and we kiss. It the hard, hungry kiss of need and want. Our lips pressing, bodies pressing, tongues pressing. My hands grasp at your body as my tongue draws across your lower lip. Mouths open wider, breathing deepens, I feel your breasts against me and pull away. We stare with dilated pupils in the dim light. You turn away and head for the bedroom.

Your face is pressed against cool glass, looking down twelve floors to the street. My hands move up your thighs as I push your skirt up from behind you. Your blouse is slightly open, the cold hardening your nipples as you feel my hand pressing, cupping your bare mound. You gasp and smile.

"You have no idea how long I've wanted this pussy." My fingers trace the edges of your wet lips as I kiss up the back of your thigh. You spread your legs a bit more and press your chest to the glass.

"It's yours," you gasp through a quiet moan. You pout your ass out towards me and I let my tongue find its way up against your moist pussy lips. I kiss slowly up your slit, my tongue licking you, delving between the soft folds and tasting you. You moan loudly again and look down at the people passing beneath you. Your hand moves to your chest and you pull at a swollen nipple through the fabric of your bra. I slide my tongue inside you slowly, and spread your lips wider, kissing and sucking down to your clit, letting my tongue roll around in a wide circle teasing you.

"Oh baby..." you call out quietly.

I lap at your pussy harder, steady and firm, my fingers pressing inside you slowly, pushing you open as you tug harder on your tits. My tongue flicking relentlessly against your clit, feeling your juices covering my face.

I pull away and stand up behind you. You look back at me as I suck your wetness from my finger. I raise an eyebrow at you.

"A good little girl would be licking her cum from my lips right now, honey."

You grin and take a step towards me.

"Too late" I say. "Just stay right there."

You watch me as I open my shirt, button by button, slowly... then my pants. Letting them fall to the carpet. I nod to you, and you take your blouse off, your breasts swelling against your bra with every breath. Then your skirt falls to the floor, and you're left in only your bra. Your hand moves down, rubbing absently at your pussy, and you bring your fingers up to taste. I motion you to me with a finger.

We kiss again, a kiss that demands a rampant fucking. And you slip down my body, kissing your way down my stomach, and over my boxers.

You kneel before me, your lips and tongue feeling my cock under the thin cotton. Your hand presses to it, and you peel the shorts down to the floor, grinning as my hard thick cock rises to meet your lips. You take it in hand gently, kissing down the shaft, the veins pulsing against your tongue as you lick up to the head, the pre-cum sticking to your lips. I reach down and take a handful of your hair and pull on it, you look up and smile at me.

"Don't tease it. Just suck my cock baby. You want to be a good slut, for me don't you?" You nod solemnly. "Show me how badly you want this cock inside you."

And all at once you slide my cock into your mouth. Your tongue rubbing under it as you suck. Your hand closes around it, slowly stroking it as you move your mouth over the head slowly, building your pace, your tongue flicking under the head perfectly. I hold your hair tight, watching you, and you look up and hold my gaze. Your hand speeds up as you slather my cock in your saliva, and I moan deep and low for you. You suck and lick harder in response, my hips moving slightly, fucking your mouth as you lap at my cock. You've stopped teasing, and have gone past simple foreplay. Your hand speeds up, rubbing down my shaft ahead of your mouth, sucking and licking and moaning. Your free hand pressing to your pussy, rubbing your swollen clit as you look up. I feel it coming and pull back, stroking my cock and looking down at you.

"Show me your tits baby." And you hold them up, pulling at your nipples and licking the head of my cock as I stroke it in front of you. And I come hard.

My seed splashes hard across your breasts, wave after wave, dripping and sticking to your tits. You urge me on and I grin at you, wiping my cock across your breasts, watching my cum shining on your nipples. I put my wet cock head to your lips and you suck the cum from it.

"Get on the bed." I say urgently. You smile and stand up. You climb on the bed, on your knees and look back at me. Your ass up in the air, soaking pussy between your legs, you pull at your tits.

"You're a fucking whore, you know that?" I say it without smiling.

"Fuck me, please." You answer back just as gravely. I step towards you, my hand rubbing your ass, and then slapping it hard. A red hand print blossoms on the pale skin.

"Covered in cum and asking for cock. My little slut."

I spank your ass again, and move my hand to your pussy, shoving three fingers inside you slowly. You cry out loudly and then moan. My thumb strokes your clit as a fourth finger stretches you wider, rubbing inside you deep. Your juices leak out over my hand as I push my hand in and out of your sopping cunt. Inside you I spread my fingers, your pussy gaping open, just enough for me to slip my thumb in as well, all five fingers moving in your tight pussy, I push against you and slap your ass hard.

My fingers withdraw from you, soaked in you. I lick them, leaving one finger wet which I rub against your ass hole, slowly pushing against it, but not in. You whimper and I smack your ass hard again. I know what you want.

My hard cock throbs against the back of your thigh and you tilt your hips down. I let the head rub up and down your pussy lips as I rub around your ass. How fucking dirty you look just then. Your pussy swollen and wet, pouting to my cock as I rub a moist finger over your ass, and you stare back at me. I slap your ass hard again and you squeal.

"Get on your back. Spread your legs for me. Show me how wet your pussy gets, show me where you want this cock."

You turn over, looking up at me, and open your legs wide. I stroke my cock watching you, and kneel between your legs. You stretch your arms above your head and purr at me as I slide my body closer, my cock resting heavy on your clit. You reach down and guide my cock your hole. But I stop you. I grab a handful of your hair and pull it hard.

You hold still, frozen, but smiling as I lean down and lick at your nipple. I suck it between my teeth and pull... just as the head of my cock eases inside you, pushing your lips apart and feeling your heat. You moan out loudly as I push into you deeper, letting every inch of my cock grind and throb against your pussy. You struggle as I hold you down by your hair, and I ram my cock into you, pulling out and shoving it back inside your wetness.

"You're my fucking slut now, isn't that right?"

You grunt out a strained "Yes". I shove my cock into you hard and fast, our bodies slamming, piston fucking you hard and deep.

"Tell me what you are, bitch," I order you, and slam my cock into you.

You grab at your tits and grind your clit down against me.

"I'm your whore, baby," you call out.

I yank my cock from your open pussy and stand up.

"Get over to the door. Now, go." I point to the door leading out to the hallway and you quickly get up and walk to it.

You're not sure where my mind is. Am I going to fuck you in the hallway outside? I stop you at the door and push you against it. Roughly I grab your hair and press my body against yours.

"I want everyone out there to know what a fucking whore you are, so scream out for me baby." You push your ass back, and I smack it harder than ever. I kick your legs open and guide my cock back into the warmth of your pussy.

You press your tits to the the cool wood of the door and moan loud and clear as we fuck. We fuck hard and deep and with need. Urgently pushing and pulling and always crying out. You whisper something back to me and I hold onto your hair and pull gently in response.

"Louder." I tell you.

I yank your hips back, impaling you on my cock, forcing it deep and hard into you and you scream out.

"I'm your fucking slut baby... oh fuck.... I'm yours."

I spank your ass again, hard and sharp as you push back, your hand rubbing your clit madly as you start to come.

"Come for me baby. Come all over my cock like a good little whore."

And you do. You quiver and spasm and scream and rage and pound your sopping cunt back and forth on my thick cock as if it will never stop. And eventually you do.

"Oh fuck yes baby... don't stop," you order me. 

I redouble my efforts, slamming into you harder and faster, and you bend down low to the ground, grunting as I fuck you deeper.

I feel the come churning in me and I fuck you still harder, my hand striking your ass, and you know. You pull off me and drop to the floor, grabbing my cock, and wrapping your mouth around it just as I start to come again.

You stare up at me with hungry eyes, and moan as you feel my come cover your tongue, and you suck and lick and feel my warmth on your lips as it dribbles down your chin.

You smile up at me as I help you to your feet. Cum shining from your lips, pussy raw and ass red. You take me by the hand and lead me towards the bathroom.

God knows we could both use some cleaning up.