 Part One: Visual

You've waited an eternity or this moment; anticipating the term of events to follow. Walking to the door, your faded jeans resting comfortably against your sides. You wear no shirt, your strong chest bare, perspiration forming in the crevices of your muscles, dripping down your belly. Your palms are sweaty, your heart pounds in your chest feeling at the point of explosion. You nervously lick your dry lips, your wet tongue slides across them, glistening them with saliva. Your hand grasps the doorknob as the door creaks open. Sunlight pours into the room, cascading over the dark carpet and illuminating the inside of your house. 

Your eyes widen into disbelief, but you stay calm, trying to relax. My figure stands before you; petite, toned, and tanned, resting casually in the doorway. Your blue crystal eyes scan the length of my body. You stare into my light brown eyes as they twinkle with desire. Moving to my small lips as they curve into a wide smile. My auburn curls flow down my shoulders, hints of black shade my face. I stand still, watching your gaze eagerly. You take in my breasts, covered minimally by the thin white cotton of my tee. My nipples aching, poking through the thin fabric. I devilishly note to myself that I'm not wearing my bra or panties. You'll find out soon enough.

Part Two: Contact

You hunger to touch me; to feel my soft skin against your fingertips; to taste the sweetness of my skin. You pause, then in an instant you run your hands along my waist, pausing at the small strip of exposed stomach. Your fingers curve over the waist of my jeans, grabbing it and pulling me towards you. You feel my toned body press against your hard body. My nipples tickle your bare chest and you think about your next move. You decide to be aggressive, grinding your hard cock into my pussy. I return the favor, running my small hands over your sides, bringing them around to your front to take the button of your jeans between my fingertips. Your heat radiates off your body, making me extremely impatient. I notice that we are still standing in your doorway. Only a couple cars have passed by but I show my look of concern as I stare into your eyes.

"Get in here." You command quietly; your voice oddly deeper than usual as you pull me by my waist into your house. You slam the door shut then turn to me. Your strong hands cascade over my shoulders, grazing my erect nipples. I moan lightly.

'She likes that' you think to yourself as you gently graze them again paying extra close attention to my reaction. You pinch them, pulling at them. I arch my back and unzip your jeans allowing your hard cock to spring free. Your cock throbs as you feel the tension building within you. You want to fuck me now, with all the strength you possess. You want to make me cum as hard as I can to near explosion. You're angered by the way I've teased you for so long, leaving you hard, forcing you to stroke yourself to relieve the build up. You want to fuck me for not coming over sooner. Not its your turn to tease me, to punish me, to make me want, to NEED your cock within me.

Part Three: Dominate

You release my nipples from your fingertips, leaving me aching. My hands continue to run over the length of your rigid cock, which stands highly at attention through your jeans and white boxers. You hear a curse word float off your lips as you try to regain composure. You grasp my hands, pushing them to my sides. I press my breasts against you, but you step back. 

'He's playing' I think to myself.

You want me to beg, you want me to suck your cock, to make up for all those times I left you aching.

You grab my hand, leading me into your small bedroom. A plain four post bed sits in the center of the room. The soft sheets comfort my aching body as you lay me down onto the cotton sheets. Turning to your closet, your hand travels through the soft cotton dress shirts and hung jeans, before finding one or your old school ties. Running your thick fingers over the silky smooth length. 'Perfect… this will work just fine' you think. Turning around to face me, your mouth immediately goes dry.

I lay nude before you, lying lazily on my side, my toned thighs sit open exposing my wet pussy. Juices glisten on my lips. You wet your lips, tracing the outline of my stomach muscles, my belly button and the meta ring which clings onto the tiny hole. My eyes watch yours; I'm waiting for you to come to me, urging you to come to me.

"Come one, I know you want this….." I tweak my nipples with my fingertips, "and this…." I run my fingers down to my pussy, brushing my clit ever so lightly.

'FUCK!' you think nervously. 

I'm getting in control and you can't help but stray towards me.

You gain your composure quickly, turning your face to a cold stare. Walking over to me, you grab my hand, urging me to stand up in front of you. I stare at you intently, but you won't look into my eyes.. Maybe for fear that you might not be held responsible for your actions?

You turn me around by my sides, grabbing my wrists tightly. I feel the soft silk wrap around my right wrist, gliding to my left behind my back. Your strong hands enclosing over them as you tie the soft fabric around them. The feeling is erotic and I feel my wetness dripping down my inner thighs.

Part Four: Teasing

After restraining me, you smile. Touching my shoulders leaning forward to kiss my sweet lips. But I don't let you, I slowly crouch in front of your open jeans, letting my knees land on the soft carpet. I try to break my hands free to pull your pants down, but you know I can't. It amuses you immensely; me begging for you to take your cock out. You slowly tug at the waist band of your jeans and boxers, tugging them down gently, then pausing to watch as my face shows impatience and wanting. Slowly you tease me again, pulling your pants down an inch or two further, exposing the light brown pubic hair as it pokes out. Finally your hard cock emerges from beneath the denim, its shaft stiff and the tip oozing precum. 

My mouth waters as you let your jeans fall to the ground. Your large heavy balls sit tightly below your cock and I find myself wanting to taste both; all of you. You cop a smile whispering "You want this?" grabbing your thick cock with your hand and waving it inches from my face. The red mushroom cap drips slick precum, extending my wet tongue and flicking it across the head to lick it off. You quiver and curse. You stop at my mouth, rubbing the tip of your dick over my parted lips, lubricating them. I open my mouth, letting my lips run over your head, tasting the saltiness of your flesh. You hold cock in hand, letting it race in my mouth. You feel the warmth and wetness of my mouth as I suck you in deep.

"Oh yeah" you grunt as you shove that thick cock deep down my throat. Defenseless, all I can do is suck. I try to work my tongue down the back of your shaft. You fill my mouth to where I can almost not breath. I bob my head up and down, your shaft disappearing in and out between my thin lips, glistening with saliva. You watch as your cock squeezes in and out of my hot mouth. I tighten my lips around you when you put those hands on the back of my head, increasing your thrusts to my face.

"Fuck yeah." You grunt as you watch my head bobbing rapidly back and forth, opening my mouth and letting my tongue rub up and down smoothly over your steel rod. You feel yourself tensing as your cum rushes up your shaft, exploding onto my tongue and the roof of my mouth.

I close over your cock again, letting you cum down my throat. I try to swallow as much as I can of your salty white cum. You let your still very hard prick rest in my mouth as I suck energetically, licking and sucking. I let out a soft moan as I swallow the last drops of your seed.

Part Five: Reciprocate

You open your eyes, savoring the feel of my warm smooth mouth covering over you. You allow me to get up off my cramped knees to stand before you. Your hands run over my erect nipples, pinching them gently. You wedge you hand inside my thighs, touching over my wet slick skin up to my pussy where my juices drip.

"You're so wet!" you exclaim eagerly, then pushing me back onto the bed, my head plopping against the soft pillows, my legs lying over the edge. 'Its my turn to kneel.' You think.

Getting onto your knees; your fingers grabbing around each inner thigh parting them. The cold air rushing towards my burning crotch. You study the folds of my pink pussy lips; how softly they lie either side of my small dark pink bud. My pink hole; wetness oozing out from between the folds, dripping down my slit along the trail to my ass. You pull your face towards my wet pussy lips, lightly tracing your tongue over my right lip, down the wet trail of my slit, probing gently at my opening before licking up my left lip. The tip of your tongue teases my clit, trickling over it before you close your lips around it, suckling it and flicking it eagerly with your long tongue. My thighs lay either side of your furry cheeks and my feet play on your strong back while I moan in ecstasy.

You decide to tease me further. Your pointer playing over the bottom of my entrance. Rubbing gently, slowly probing my wet pussy while your tongue dances fiercely on my love button. You feel my pussy entrance tighten and convulse as I start towards orgasm. You shove a finger deep within me, massaging along my inner walls and pulsing within me. I scream in orgasm as you thrust two fingers in and out of my pussy. My walls tighten around your fingers as you feel my cum rushing over them. I squeeze my thighs around your head almost cutting off your breathing. I arch my back and scream while you lap up my cum. Your tongue races all over my entrance sucking, licking, and tasting. As my orgasm subsides, I lay breathless. You gently run your hand up and down my drenched slit. Your cock is rock hard and aching to be inside my tight pussy. Your head feels as if its going to blow if you don't fuck my little pussy soon.

Part Six: Fuck Me Harder!

You push me up onto the bed, leaving my legs open and a wet spot on the sheets.

Placing your manhood at my entrance your thrust deeply into my hot hole. My thighs rub against the outsides of yours, your arms holding you up above me as you look down into my eyes. You curse again feeling this tight slut pussy washing over you. My feet tickling your ass as it tightens with each powerful thrust you give. I watch eagerly as your manhood slips in and out making a sloshing noise as our juices mix. God you feel so good.

My tight slut pussy taking all of your superior cock you think.

"Oh god……!" I yelp while you slow down, grinding your hips against mine then circling. I feel the length of you probing around within me, the feel of your manhood overwhelmingly erotic. 

"God Yes!!" I moan as you pick up the pace, feeling the tension building in your shaft….. You know you are going to cum soon.

Your balls tighten and you give one final thrust as you push all the way into me feeling your cock probe my walls. You feel your seed burst into me, you hear my yelps of ecstasy as you fill my womanhood with your sperm.

Ropes of white cum spurt out .

"Oh Yeah!" we both scream as we both orgasm together, our bodies convulsing in pleasure.

Finally our orgasms subside and we lay there on your bed, my arms still tied behind my back. You finally untie the silk material from around my wrists, letting my arms loose, they fall over your chest. We rest our eyes and our bodies this afternoon and decide to continue our adventures this evening.