 I met Matt my Junior year of high school, but we didn’t talk until our Senior year. We were both 18. We had physics, calculus, English, and psychology together. It was a little more than half way through our senior year and we were in our seventh hour English class writing our essays. When class ended, neither Matt nor I had our papers done. He whispered, “Hey, you wanna see if we can stay after class to finish?” I said, “sure” and when we asked, Ms. Stewart said that it would be a good idea, but she had to leave so we’d have to finish by ourselves. 

My eyebrows raised because I realized that the situation could become interesting. We continued working after the bell rang and Ms. Stewart began to pack up her things as the other students left to go home. Matt sat next to me. He was 5’7, with just the kind of body I liked; muscular and slightly thin. He was intelligent and we debated sanctions on Iraq, pot, politics and God. He was my kind of guy. Arguing with him always turned me on. There was so much passion behind our words and so much aggression in the way we said them. I got wet just talking to him sometimes. 

Ms. Stewart shut the door as she left and Matt and I smiled at each other and went back to work. More and more, however, I began to have thoughts about the things we could do while we were alone in the school. I wanted him to bend me over the desk. Instead we just talked about our papers, calculus, our friends -- everything but what was on my mind. I wanted him and I wondered if he wanted me. Instead of working on our papers we talked. We moved our desks closer to each other gradually. After about an hour of talking, we realized we had not been working. So we regretfully decided to get back to our assignment. 

After 15 minutes of silence and writing my paper, I wasn’t sure about one of my sentences and its punctuation, so I asked Matt. He got up to look at my paper. He stood so close that I could smell his cologne and feel his heat. His face, right next to mine, I was tempted too much and I kissed his neck softly. He did not pull away so I began to lick and suck on his neck and collar bone. He turned his face to me and we kissed once, softly on the lips. I pulled away and saw the lust in his eyes that matched mine. He looked at me for a moment then quickly grabbed my face and kissed me hard, our tongues sliding around together. We both stood up and began undressing each other. Our mouths parted only to pull our shirts over our heads. His hands cupped my breasts and brushed down my petite smooth waist and over my generous, womanly hips. My hands found his slightly toned arms and roamed over the somewhat defined muscles of his stomach. His body was better than I imagined and that fact got me even hotter. He reached around my back and unclasped my bra, throwing it to the side and immediately rubbing and pinching the erect nipples of my 32 C breasts. 

He kissed down my neck and I shivered and felt it all the way in my pussy. He leaned down and took my breast in his mouth licking and sucking, making me moan. I was getting so wet and ready for him. My hands were soon at his pants, unbuttoning and unzipping them. Through his pants I could feel that his penis was erect and I was anxious to touch it. Once his pants were opened I slid my hand inside and grasped his 7” penis tightly. He pulled up the skirt I was wearing to find that I had not worn panties. He began gently touching my shaved pussy, making my legs shake slightly and making me moan slightly. He picked me up by the hips and sat me down on the desk. He continued kissing and fingering me until I thought I’d go crazy if he didn’t lick my pussy.  And just then he bent down, spread my legs wider and licked up my cunt. I moaned loudly and wondered if there was anyone left in the building to hear me. I didn’t care. In fact, that idea got me even more excited. He then concentrated on my clit, sucking and flicking his tongue over it, moving his head from side to side. I moaned loudly, glad we were alone in the building. He slid one finger inside me and began working it in and out. Soon he put another finger in and massaged my g-spot. All of this stimulation made my legs shake and I quickly began to feel all the muscles in my body tighten and an explosion happened and I came hard screaming, “Oh YES!”. 

I recovered from my orgasm quickly and slid off the desk. I pulled his pants down and got on my knees. I took his hard cock in my hand and began to jack him off. I let my hot breath caress his manhood and I could tell he wanted me to put it in my mouth. Since I wanted that as much as he did, I licked all over the head of his penis then licked the underside because I knew he’d like it that way. I then gradually took the entire thing into my mouth. I began with a moderate rhythm, every once in a while, deep-throating it because I liked to hear the way he moaned when I did. His hand was on my head and he was gently pushing himself further inside my mouth. He said, “If you do too much more, I’m gonna cum”. So I stopped abruptly. I needed him to fuck me. 

I undressed him completely. He unclasped my skirt, letting it fall to the floor, and led me to Ms. Stewart’s desk, and just as in all my other fantasies of him, he turned me around and bent me over. He stood there admiring the roundness of my ass, caressing and grabbing it. He teased me by rubbing his penis on my pussy but not putting it in. Then suddenly, after much anticipation, I felt him enter me and fill up my hot, wet cunt. I moaned immediately because I had long desired to have him inside me. He knew exactly what felt good and did it. We found a perfect rhythm and the sound of our flesh meeting made me thrust back on him harder and faster. He held my hips and was pulled me as hard as he could so he could get as deep as possible. I grabbed my nipples and pinched them sending shivers to my pussy. I moved my hand down to touch my clit and I began to feel dizzy with pleasure. He began to moan very loud and I knew if we kept going he would come, but I wanted him to fuck me while I was on my back on the desk, so I pulled away from him, laid on my back and spread my legs. 

He climbed on the desk with me and plunged his penis deep inside me. “OH! You feel so good inside me! You know exactly how make me moan!” I could tell my encouragement urged him on and we built up to a frenzy. With every thrust we both moaned loudly and I could feel my orgasm building. I demanded that he, “Fuck me harder!” and he did. I wanted us to finish together, so I said, “I want you to cum inside me!” I knew he enjoyed this idea and he slammed his cock into me a few more times and then suddenly, “Oh, fuck yes! I’m cumming!” and then I could feel his cock jerk and his cum shoot inside me. This turned me on and I came only a second after he began to cum. My pussy walls spasmed around his cock and he came more. Afterward he stayed on top of me, our bodies covered in sweat. He kissed my neck and my forehead and said, “I think we’ll have to stay after school tomorrow, too!”