 She was elegant, beautiful, and sexy all at the same time. She wore this tight black skirt with black high heels and a red shirt. She was about 5'11 with silky smooth brown skin and long hair with a reddish tint. And glasses, something that a woman wears rarely nowadays. She was flawless!! But let me start from the beginning ....

It started off being one those days where everything clicked. I was approved for a loan for my place, my friend just landed a huge contract and two other friends got promotions. So we decided to hit the night life like we were back in college. Another colleague owned a club so, we had VIP access to everything.

One friend went to the bar, the other to get the table , and another went to get the women; I went to the dance floor. That's where I saw her from across the room with her friends. I blinked, and my friend was already spoke to her and her friends and he brought them to our table. As I looked for her, a distant cousin James was speaking to me about something and he was excited, but my focus was elsewhere. 

Finally, I saw her, but I was being dragged back to the dance floor by another woman. The mystery woman and I caught eyes for a second. She smiled, but I didn't know if she smiled or laughed at me. The whole night we kept passing each other. I started to think maybe she was not interested in me. There were beautiful women all over the club, but for some reason this one stood out. It was something about her smile. It was different, I couldn't tell what it was from a distance. 

As the night went on the abundance of different fragrances started to get to me. I slowly faded away from the crowd and made my way to the bathroom. My head was pounding so badly all I could think was how could I let her walk by without saying a word... I was the definition of speechless. I ran some water from the sink. I heard the door open, but it was followed by the sound of high heels.

I figured it was just a couple about to do some "club sex," so I thought I would hold my head down until they went into a stall then I would make my exit. That wasn't the case at all.

"Oh, there you are," I heard. 

I looked down and saw the black heels as my eyes slowly started to move up long, smooth legs, juicy thighs, and the red shirt that was fitted as if the designer made it while she was standing in front of him. Full, juicy lips with a perfect smile and a dimple on the left side of her face is what made her different. She stood with her hair over her shoulder and hands on her hips as if she knew me.

She spoke again,"Are you okay?"

I just stood there, looking like a virgin at his first porno. "Yea, I'm fine," I finally mumbled. 

"What's up I have waited for you to talk to me all night" she said with a smile.

She stepped closer to me. I took a deep breath and caught a tiny hint of her perfume. Damn!! "Love spell", my favorite fragrance. I knew I was hooked. Her hands caressed my face, the scent was stronger. She kissed me, then smiled and whispered, "Your lips are soft." She kissed me again. I was under the influence of Love Spell perfume, and I wasn't aware that I moved her arms around my neck as I wrapped mine around her waist. As our tongues intertwined, my dick grew so hard. My hands caressed her ass and it was soft like a marshmallow. I squeezed harder, and she started to moan.

Her beauty, sexiness, the way she moaned, plus the Love spell... euphoria was where I was located. 

We entered a stall, she pulled my thick, hard dick out and started to stroke it as she licked her lips. I looked up at the ceiling, and I felt her warm breath followed by the slurping sound I love so much. 

I grabbed her by her arms and pulled her up close to me. I bent her over, pulled her skirt up and pulled her thong to the side slid my dick into her sweet, tight vagina. I wanted to go fast and hard but euphoria was a strange place. I entered her slowly just the tip at first each stroke getting deeper and deeper. She flipped her hair and I saw that dimple as she bit her bottom lip that look alone temporarily tempted my temptation to climax, but I pulled her close to me wrapped my arm around her and submerged myself in her deeper.

Her legs trembled, her cheeks turned red. She broke away from my gasped pushed me down on the toilet seat. My instinct stood at attention ready for anything. She straddled me, as I entered her she lifted her shirt I sucked her nipples and gently nibbled on them. Her body felt like it was on fire as she rode to the tip of my dick and all the way back down. I felt her sweet juices which slid down my dick as she rode faster and faster. I slipped out of her tight grip and entered uncharted territory. 

I apologized. 

She told me to, "Be quiet!"

As I felt her tightness around my dick I sucked her nipples a bit harder, and her whole body shivered. 

"Oh shit," she moaned as she twisted my nipples. 

That bit of discomfort made my dick grew another inch in her anal cavity. She rode the tip of my dick for a while legs trembled again she sunk her teeth into my neck. 

I couldn't hold it anymore, all of my excitement left me in a hurry as she whispered, "Give it to me baby."

She stood up as my residue dripped out " give me a minute", she moaned. I stood up kissed her pulled her hair a little as I felt her body quivered. She pushed me back down and showed that beautiful smile. She started to walk away I heard her stumbled before the door opened. That made me feel great that she was satisfied. Pants around my ankles I left euphoria now I was in ecstasy. 

A few weeks went by, family and friends gathered at the park. I'm still amazed that I haven't seen that woman anywhere. I could even smell her scent still and weeks have passed. We went back to the club twice; my friends said that they didn't even see a woman who resembled my mystery lady. Moments later James, my distant cousin, stood up and said, "Everyone let me introduce you to my....."