 I'm not sure why I stopped at this bar. It's not the sort of place I usually go. But I took a different route home today, and find myself here. I sit at the end of the bar so I can watch the locals. You walk in, trying to be unnoticed. Most of the regulars there continue to stare into their glasses. But I notice you. An attractive, sophisticated woman seems out of place in this blue-collar joint. You move sensuously across the room. You walk to a table in the corner, just across the room from where I sit at the end of the bar. I can't help but watch as you shrug off your coat. You look stunning in the short red v-neck dress you wear. You don't see me staring at you as I take in the alluring curves of your breasts and the length of your gorgeous long legs. You have a look about you that exudes sexiness, a look that says, "Fuck me!" I look around to see if anyone else is as stricken by you as I am. No, they are all lost in their own little worlds. I watch intently as you take your seat.

I look at you again as the waitress comes over to take your order. You smile at her as you speak. It is such an infectious smile that I can't help but smile myself. Then, as you turn from the waitress, you look straight at me! Embarrassed, I turn away quickly. But I can't keep from looking back at you. This time, I catch you staring at me. You smile as you glance down to your drink. I watch as you shift in your seat, uncross and re-cross your sexy legs. It is if you want to show off to me. I continue to watch you, until you look back at me and our gazes lock. I smile and nod at you. You smile back, and lick your luscious lips seductively. I get up to walk over to your table, but you stand, and walk back toward the ladies' room.

I know I want you. I get up and follow you. I can smell the lingering scent of your perfume, which arouses me. I wait for you outside the door. As soon as it opens, I gently push you back, step into the ladies room, shut the door and lock it behind me.

You begin to speak: "What do you think you're doing..." 

"Shhh," I say as I put a finger over your full lips. I take your face in my hands and kiss you.

You turn away saying, "I... I can't do this sort of..."

I interrupt your sentence with another kiss. You try to push me away, but I grab your wrists in my hands, and lift your arms above and behind your head as I push you back against the wall of the bathroom. Once more I kiss you, and this time you relax and accept my probing tongue. Even so, I continue to hold your arms above you. You begin returning my kiss now, pushing your tongue into my mouth, biting my lower lip. I can feel the passion rising in you. I let go of your arms with one hand, holding them both up with the just the other one. As we continue to kiss deeply, I reach around behind you, slide my hand under your dress, pushing it up your back, and unhook your bra. Without allowing you to completely remove it, I move my hand around and fondle your firm breasts. Your nipples are hard, telling me you enjoy this as much as me. 

I stop kissing you, so I can move my mouth down to those wonderful breasts. Letting go of your arms, I lift the front of your dress and push your bra up out of the way. I begin sucking on first one, then the other. Occasionally I gently bite your hard nipples. You grab the back of my head, pulling me close. 

"Harder!" you cry. "Bite them harder!" You moan as I comply. 

As I continue to lick, suck and bite your nipples, I reach my hand inside your panties and began fingering your already wet pussy. I push one, then two fingers into you slick hole. Still kissing your breasts, I slide my fingers in and out of you. Next, with my fingers inside you, I begin to rub your swollen clit with my thumb. You gasp as your knees buckle. Wrapping a free hand around you, I hold you up. Aggressively I slide my fingers in and out, and rub your clit until you began to shudder. A little more pressure from my thumb sends you over the edge. You fling your arms around my neck as you cry out in orgasm. You shake for what seems like minutes, finally pushing my hand away from your soaked pussy. You fall into my arms with a sigh.

I pull away from you, and you slump to the floor. Standing in front of you, I unbuckle my belt, unzip my pants, and let them fall to the floor. You look up at my rigid cock lustfully.

"Suck it!" I command you.

You reach out and take my manhood in your hands and begin stroking it. You stroke firmly but slowly. You lean forward to lick and suck my swollen balls as you continue to jerk my cock. Drops of pre-cum begin forming on the tip, and after a few strokes, drip down my shaft onto your arm. Releasing my balls from your mouth, you lick the pre-cum from your arm, and then from the underside of my thick shaft. Slowly you lick up the shaft to the head of my cock. Teasing me, you circle your tongue around the head, licking off each droplet of pre-cum that appears. Finally you wrap your lips around the head, and suck my cock slowly into your mouth.

At first you just suck on the head. Then you begin to slide your lips further down my shaft, only to pull back to the head. With each stroke of your lips you take more of me into your mouth, all the while continuing to stroke with your hands. I can feel my cock swelling even more, if that's possible. Before long, you are taking almost the entire length of me into your mouth. I can feel the head hitting the back of your throat before you pull back. Then you suck me back in again, over and over. For a second, you pull back and stop. Then you take a breath, and push your lips down my shaft until, once again, the head hits the back of your throat. But this time you don't pull back. Letting go of my shaft, you reach around and grab my ass in your hands and pull me to you. I feel my cock pushing on the back of your throat, then slip down your throat until your nose is pushing into my belly.

This is too much! I grab your head in my hands and start fucking your mouth. In and out, In and out: each time pushing my cock down your throat, nearly gagging you. With each forward thrust you dig your fingers into my ass cheeks and pull me toward you. Finally, I can't hold back, and with a grunt and a final thrust, I unload my swollen balls, shooting my hot cum deep into your mouth. You try to swallow it all, but it's too much. I look down at you as the excess spills out the side of your mouth. Damn, that looks so fucking HOT!

I pull my cock out as you swallow my remaining cum. But I'm not done yet. I want all of you. I pull you to your feet and sit you on the sink. Kneeling in front of you, I rip off your panties and throw them aside. Then I push my face into your pussy and begin tonguing your clit. I feel it swell as I flick it with my tongue. Faster and harder I lick it, causing a moan from you. I suck it into my mouth, and flick my tongue on it as I suck it. Your hips arch up, and you squeal with pleasure. I bite it, gently at first, the harder. I can feel your juices moistening my chin. Sensing you are close to coming, I stand, and push my still hard cock deep into your pussy. I immediately begin thrusting. Slow at first, but soon hard and fast. My balls are slapping your ass as I fuck you. You thrust back, wrapping your legs around my waist, grinding your clit against my pubic bone. I reach around and grab your ass and pull you close as I thrust. Suddenly, you shudder and gasp. You cum with a loud moan that I'm sure everyone in the bar can hear. I keep pumping as several waves of orgasm come over you. And then you fall backwards, spent. But I'm still not done.

I pull you up, turn you around, and lean you over the sink. Reaching down with my hand, I spread some of your pussy juice up and into your ass. I push a moistened finger slowly into your asshole. You relax and allow it to enter. I finger your ass for a while, and then push in a second finger. I feel your ass loosen and know it's time. Gently I push the head of my cock against your moist asshole. It opens slowly. I push more, and begin to slip into your ass. As my cock head pushes past the tight opening, I suddenly slip in and you moan. It is so tight around my cock! Slowly I begin to slide my cock in and out, and you begin to push back. I take your hips in my hands as I begin thrusting.

You moan again."Mmmm, yeah! Fuck my ass, stud! Fuck it hard!"

That's all I need to hear. A few more thrusts and I unload my hot cum into your ass. My knees buckle as I slip out, the last few shots of cum landing on your ass cheeks. You fall forward onto the sink as I lean back against the wall. We stay that way for a while as we catch our breath.

After a few minutes, without saying a word, we begin to get dressed. I quickly pull my pants up as you are trying to straighten your dress. I turn to exit the bathroom, and as I leave, I reach down and grab your torn panties and pocket them as a souvenir. Then I quietly exit the bar.