 All parties are over 18.

*****

She was lounging in her living room, nude, enjoying the solitude and the almost naughty feeling of strutting around her house completely naked. Like most days, she was feeling an underlying current of sexual energy, frustration that was waiting to be released. She was sitting in the living room, facing the windows and sliding doors, eyes shut, listening to some music and enjoying her own thoughts. Absentmindedly, her hands stroked her breasts, circling the nipples and lightly rolling the tips between her fingers, a soft smile played across her lips and her heart fluttered. 

Her hands traveled down her body, finally coming to rest at her cunt. She stroked the hairs, feeling the slight moisture at the top of her slit. She bit her lip and dipped her finger in between her pussy lips, gently flicking her finger across her clit. A sigh escaped her lips, and her other hand cupped her breast, squeezing the heavy flesh. 

She felt the sudden change in air pressure that meant the slider had opened. She began to open her eyes, to cover herself, and to stand and run to the bedroom. Before she could fully extend her legs into standing, the man had her out of the chair and pinned onto the carpet. Her eyes opened, above her, gripping both her wrists in his massive hand, was a man with dark features. She recognized him as a local man she had seen around the gas station. He used his other hand to cover her mouth, telling her in a deep voice to be quiet, and he'd be nice to her.

His hand was removed from her mouth, and she licked her lips - tasting the sweat of his hand on them. She began to shiver when he noticed his eyes were taking in her naked tits, heaving from her breath, the nipples jutting into points. His eyes moved back up to her face, and he reached forward and cupped one of her breasts. 

She inhaled, arching her back to press herself firmly into his palm. Her hands closed into fists above her head, and as he pinched her nipple, she let out a moan.

"You like this, huh?" He asked, and she suddenly became aware of his hard dick pressing against her stomach. "You walk around naked, think I wouldn't see you?" He ran his hand to her other breast, feeling the weight of it, and finally twisting that nipple between his fingers.

Her pussy contracted, and she moved her hips with an involuntary motion. He grinned, reached into his back pocket, and removed a length of rope. Deftly he had her wrists in a snug restraint, and began running both his hands on her breasts roughly, "Yeah, I've been waiting for this day, to get to feel this..." 

Her heart was beating fast, and her pussy was already wet, she couldn't help but wonder if he would fuck her. He got off her chest, and quickly removed his own clothing. He was tall, and solidly built. As soon as she saw his thick, long cock surrounded by dark pubic hair, she pressed her thighs together in an attempt to appease her cunt. 

He stood over her for a moment, looking at her body, letting her embarrassment mount, finally her trembling wrists came down in a feeble attempt to cover herself.

Immediately he had sat down in the chair, and yanked her across his lap.

SWAT - he brought his hand down against her backside, and she jumped and squealed. 

"Don't you try to cover up, I know you're a slut, and I want to see you." He said, and promptly brought his hand against her again. This time his hand landed on her pussy and her ass, and instead of a squeal, she moaned. "Yeah, you are a slut. I know you like it."

He was running his hands across her backside, making her shudder and press herself into his hands. Suddenly his fingers found her cunt, and she stopped moving, holding her breath.

"Already wet," his fingers were at the opening of her cunt, lightly dipping into her, but disappearing much too soon. He spanked her again, "slut! Such a slut." 

He pushed her off of his lap, and she fell to her knees, using her tied hands to catch herself. She had no time to prepare herself, she just felt his huge hands grab her hips, and felt his huge member shoving into her. She moaned, she spread her knees farther apart to stretch her pussy to accommodate him, but his dick was huge, and she wasn't prepared to take it. Her moans were mixed with soft cries of pain.

"Yeah," he grunted, "fucking tight, how do you like this cock?" He shoved his dick fully inside her, making her bite out a groan.

He fucked her from behind, each thrust in felt like it was tearing her pussy, but it was delicious too. Soon enough she found his rhythm and began to push into him, help him fuck her deeper. Her cunt was getting wetter, and she could hear her cunt each time he rammed into her. 

"Oh!" She gasped, feeling her orgasm suddenly upon her, "oh fuck!" she squealed into the living room as her pussy came around him. 

She collapsed forward, his dick sliding from her wet hole. He sat in the chair, and watched her wet pussy as she lay, ass up, in front of him.

"Come here slut," he said, delighted that he could see her pussy twitch when he called her a slut.

She groaned and pushed herself up to her knees, turning to face him. Her face and bosom were flushed, her gaze was immediately drawn to his dick.

"Get over here and suck me," he said, gripping his dick and beginning to stroke it.

Without fully realizing that she was doing it, she began to shuffle across to him on her knees, licking her lips and watching how he pulled at his cock.

Finally she was kneeling in front of him, her bound hands hanging in front of her, her eyes glued to the movements of his hands, her lips shiny because her tongue kept creeping out to touch them. Tentatively, she began to lean forward. Finally her eyes flicked up to his face, and she blushed and faltered when she saw he was smiling at her, watching her.

"C'mon slut," he said softly, "show me how slutty you are."

She took his dick in her mouth as far as she could. Tasting her cum, his own taste, and feeling the head of his cock deeply imbedded in her throat. She gasped around his dick, tears springing to her eyes, her breath coming in hard bursts through her nose.

Slowly she eased off his dick, letting her lips and tongue play along his length, then slowly took his dick as deep as she could. He grunted, and brought his hands up to her shoulders, holding her body close to his. 

She sucked on the head of his dick, running her tongue around it, using her mouth to tease him and taste him. Her hands had reached up, seemingly on their own, and even though they were bound, she had his dick gripped, and was rubbing it as she worked on his tip with her mouth.

She looked up, and groaned when she saw that he was looking at her; watching her slave and slobber on his dick. "Yeah slut, you know how to suck my dick, mmmm"

Driven on by his words, she gagged herself on his dick, feeling his thick member invading her mouth. She looked at him, loving that he was looking at her while his cock was buried in her mouth. His dick twitched in her mouth, and she swallowed around it.

* * ** * ** * ** * ** * ** * ** * ** * ** * ** * *

They were wasting a day, the end of the school year was coming, so there was no real new coursework do be done. They were listening to music, drawing, discussing bands... just spending time hanging out with each other. 

She happened to glance up, saw him sitting across the room, and decided to draw his profile. Sometimes she liked to draw her students, as they were focusing on their work, when they didn't know she was sketching them. She drew his profile, thinking to herself about the way his strong nose ran down to his soft lips. His dark, serious, borderline "bad boy" style was always something she had been attracted to, and while her sketch was innocent enough, her thoughts were plagued by an underlying friction and warmth, a yearning. 

After it was complete, they all looked at it and in the course of their discussions, he stated "You drew me last year, I still have it." 

Her heart skipped as she looked into his silver blue eyes, it always made her heart trip faster when he was looking directly into her eyes. She found some excuse about how she had forgotten, and that she liked to draw sketches of students sometimes - trying to brush it off. Eventually the topic moved onto something else, but she was left feeling flustered and ashamed. Embarrassed because a young man had looked into her eyes and held her gaze for almost a few seconds.

Later on, as they typically did, her students were suggesting music to play. He suggested a song from a band she already knew. They had already established that they listened to much of the same music, liked the same artists. She obliged, looking up the song and playing it for them.

As the opening chords started, deep, dark and pulsing, she felt her body react. She made the mistake of looking up into his face, saw that he was watching her. Her heart fluttered, and she couldn't help but feel like her pussy gave an involuntary spasm. She averted her eyes, and listened to the rest of the song, letting it wash over her.

__

After school, as she was leaving, she saw him walking home by himself. As she usually did when she saw someone walking, she pulled up beside him and offered to give him a ride.

He got in the car, and she did her best to pretend everything was normal when she was so aware of his body next to hers. For a moment she sat, then put the car into gear and asked him to navigate her. They arrived to his house shortly, after all, he only lived up the street. She parked in front of his house, and turned to him to say goodbye.

He was watching her. Looking at her with a strange mix of challenge and hope in his eyes. His eyes flicked down to her lips as she licked them nervously, waiting for him to say "Thanks" and get out.

He smiled slightly, almost a smirk as he watched her tongue dart out across her lips. She felt her cunt give a jolt as he looked at her, and he finally said, "You know, if you wanted... I have that CD, you can come in and grab it, if you want."

She was instantly thrilled at the chance of spending more time with him, teasing herself with his presence, so she agreed.

They entered the house, and he told her to follow him. She followed him through the living room, and down a hallway, until he stopped at the last door, gesturing for her to enter before him. She walked past him into the doorway.

Immediately he was pressing against her from behind. She gasped out loud, but not out of fear, as his hands wrapped around her torso and roughly fondled her breasts, the gasp turned into a moan. His face was buried in her neck, his hands gripping her through her shirt and bra, when she moaned he tweaked her nipples, which had gotten hard the moment he cupped her breasts.

"I was hoping you would react like this.." he whispered in her ear, his hands finally running down the front of her shirt and touching her naked skin, he pressed his groin against her ass, and she couldn't help but rub herself excitedly against his stiff cock. "I've been thinking about you at night, the way you lean over in front of me when you help me, I've been waiting to touch these tits." 

She moaned aloud again, and with disbelief, found her own hands running up her body to urge on his, to push them here, to guide them back to her swollen tips. 

He roughly spun her around and pushed her down onto the bed. He quickly turned to put on some music, ironically, the band he had been telling her about, then climbed on next to her. She lay back willingly, not saying anything, but watching him and breathing heavy.

He leaned into her, finally possessing her mouth with his. He pushed his tongue into her mouth and reached down to cup her cunt with his hand. She gasped and moaned into his mouth, and writhed against his hand, willing him to apply more friction, more pressure. He pulled away enough to look down at her, the smirk back on his face. Quickly, he stripped her of her shirt and bra, then pushed down her pants and underwear. His eyes raked down her, and she felt herself burning as she blushed. Her hands timidly went to cover herself, but he immediately took them in his hands and held them away, he looked at her breasts, then astonished her by leaning down and gently scraping his teeth across one jutting peak. She strained against his hands, moaning and throwing her head from side to side.

As he tasted her breasts and rained kisses and soft bites all over them, he drew one hand down her body to her aching pussy. She jumped as soon as he touched her, and her ears and cheeks flushed when he heard his soft inhale of breath as he touched her. She was soaking wet, almost dripping with her excitement. He suddenly jammed his finger into her cunt without warning - she cried out and bucked against his hand.

"Already wet, oh my god.." he pushed another finger into her, then a third. He brought his thumb up to touch her clit, and she moaned and ground her hips into his hand, unable to stop herself. Her hands came to her own breasts and she cupped them and tweaked her nipples. "You're just a slut. I knew you were." He started moving his fingers in and out of her, fucking her, filling her pussy and making her moan each time he eased his fingers into her. Slowly he watched his fingers pushing into her cunt, he was smirking again as she fucked herself on his fingers, twisting her nipples and biting her lip.

"How long have you wanted to fuck me?" He asked, his fingers snug inside her. He held them still when he asked, and smiled when he felt her pussy tighten involuntarily around him. He shoved them deeper into her, and she groaned into her fist, "Huh? How long have you wanted to let me see this pussy, feel it wet and gripping me, see your tits bouncing?" 

His words were punctuated by his fingers, fucking her until she was cumming, squeezing her cunt on his fingers, moaning and crying out, her pussy wet and excited and hot as she exploded. 

Before her orgasm could even fade the haze from her eyes, she felt him kneeling beside her chest, unbuckling and removing his pants. He looked down at her with his engorged cock in his hand. She tried not to look at it directly, but her eyes were drawn to it nevertheless. She licked her lips as she looked at it. His dick stood stiff, and he stroked it in front of her face a few times. Each time he brought it closer and closer to her lips, almost teasing her. She felt herself reaching up to taste his cock, and he said "Say you're a slut." His hand was stroking his dick, inches from her face, and she blinked and blushed.

"Say it. Admit you want this dick." He was fucking himself with his hand, faster and faster, and her eyes were drawn again to his dick, wanting so badly to lick it, suck it, taste his excitement, and ultimately, feel it deep in her pussy. 

"I.." she started quietly, ashamed that she was responding at all, but her body was singing, her pussy was wet and hot and so needy, she barely said the rest above a whisper, "...I want it."

"Say it."

She groaned, her cunt tightening when he said it. She closed her eyes, lay still.

She felt his dick rub against her lips, a soft brush, and she immediately opened her mouth. He pulled away. She squirmed and moaned, her cunt throbbing. She heard him chuckle.

"Tell me you're a slut." He commanded.

She had to open her eyes, look up at him, see him looking at her with that knowing smile. Her heart beat wildly and her hands were moving over her breasts on their own, "I'm a slut." She breathed.

"Mmm," he said, stroking his cock again, bringing it up closer to her mouth, "suck it, I've been thinking about you sucking my dick."

Immediately she opened her mouth and took his dick in, bringing it so deep into her mouth that she gagged. She slid back off it, ran her tongue over his head, then drew his dick again deeply into her mouth. She looked up to see him smiling down at her, watching her please his cock with her mouth. She moaned and took his dick deeper, trying to swallow it, using her tongue to rub his shaft while the head was ticked at the back of her throat. She pulled back gasping, only to find his hands gripping her head, forcing her to take his dick into her mouth, again and again, using it like he would fuck a pussy. 

Finally he pushed her off of his dick. She moaned and licked her lips, they were red and slightly swollen from being pulled and stretched around his cock. "I want to taste you" he said, and she blushed and shut her eyes.

It was agonizing. She lay, pussy wet and ready to be fucked, tasting his dick on her lips... waiting. Finally she opened her eyes, he was kneeling between her legs, gazing at her open hole. She moaned and immediately tried to push her knees together. His hands were firm as they pushed them apart. She moaned aloud, feeling the heat coming off of her cunt, embarrassed but so thrilled at knowing his eyes were looking at her; open, exposed. She shut her eyes again, breathlessly waiting...

"Beg me to lick you, slut." His breath was hot against her cunt, each word a blast of warm air against her.

Her hands were again playing with her tits, caressing them, squeezing them, and gently twisting the nipples between her fingers. She moaned and couldn't help but try to raise her pussy to his face.

"Beg me. Ask me to fuck you with my tongue and taste your cum."

"Oh god" she cried out, eyes shut, breathing heavy, "oh my god I want that. Please, please fuck me."

She jumped as if shocked when his tongue parted her pussy lips, running down her slit and then back up to her clit. "So wet, you taste just like a slut," he said, then forced his tongue up inside her.

She moaned, pressing her cunt against his face and lips, playing with her breasts as he fucked her. He ran his tongue up to her clit, and using his hands, spread her lips apart so her clit and hole were raw and exposed. His tongue expertly swirled around her clit, teasing her, flicking her, then darting down to her hole to lap at her cum. He bit gently on her lips, then fastened his lips around her clit, sucking it. 

She gripped his head with her hands, pulling his mouth tighter onto her cunt, moaning and grinding as his lips and tongue played with her. He played with her until she was crying out and writing against him. Cumming against his lips, into his mouth, her pussy throbbing. She moaned and lay back, her body fully relaxed.

He was watching her, stroking his dick as she lay, dreamily touching her breasts, a soft smile playing around her lips, her color flushed and her pussy wet and ready. "Did you cum slut?" he asked.

Her pussy twitched as he said it, excited by being called out for exactly what she was. She groaned and pressed her knees together. 

He reached out and thrust a finger into her sated cunt, making it tighten and setting her to gasp and open her eyes, "Oh!" she exclaimed, "mmm, oh yeah." She began grinding against his hand, her own holding his hand there, over her pussy. 

"Ready to cum again already?" He held up his fingers, wet with her cum. As she watched him, he brought his fingers up to his lips and sucked them clean.

She moaned and felt her own hands against her pussy, rubbing her clit frantically.

"Say you're a slut." He said, watching her finger herself, absentmindedly stroking his dick. 

"I," she gasped, closing her eyes, but being thrilled at saying the words, "I am a slut.. oh, please fuck me." 

He turned her around, forcing her up onto her hands and knees. She felt him run his hands down her back, up her spread ass, and finally pulling on her hips as he positioned himself behind her. She moaned and turned herself up for him, pushing her open cunt back onto him.

He leaned forward and grabbed her braids, pulling her head back as he rammed his dick inside her. She cried out and tightened around his dick, "Oh god, yes, fuck me." She moaned out.
