 It had been one year to the date that he and his girlfriend broke up. They had dated for 3 years but monotony settled in and both felt guilty about breaking up with the other until one day he made the difficult decision. She thanked him for it and they were able to remain friendly, at least, if not real friends. His friends decided it was time he moved on.

"Come out to the club with us!"

"I don't know..."

"Look. You've been moping about for a year now. A YEAR. And it's not even like she ripped out your heart. It was a long overdue, mutual, civilized break up and now you deserve some fun," his friend winked.

"The 'fun' you guys have isn't the 'fun' I'm looking for."

"Dude. Are you judging us? Not cool."

"No, not judging. Friendly criticism."

"Sure. Whatever. You're coming out with us. There's someone we want to introduce you to."

He rolls his eyes.

"Maybe you two hit it off, maybe you don't, but it couldn't hurt. But seriously, you're depressing all of us."

He heaves a sigh of surrender. 

Crowds were lining up at the door and the usual dance floor had been transformed to accommodate a stage for the live band playing tonight. Once the show started, everyone rushed towards the stage to dance and jump to their hearts' content. He orders another beer and sits at the table, watching his friends and strangers dancing and groping. He hadn't noticed the girl watching him from across the room. She too was sipping away at a beer, but instead of watching her friends, she was observing him. She watches as his friends return to his table and sweep him away onto the dance floor. Time to make her move.

She dances around him; her eyes never leaving his. Once he returns her gaze, she dances up close to him, her hips moves with his. She grinds her ass against his crotch until she feels his stiff erection. She turns to face him and, with her hand on the back of his neck, pulls him in for a deep kiss. He's completely caught by surprise, but manages to kiss her back. She breaks the kiss and leads him towards the "Employees Only" room. She pulls him in and locks the door. 

She slams him against the wall, holding him by his throat. Mischievously, the corners of her lips curl up. She leans in close to his ear and whispers, "I'm going to make you cum so hard, you're going to cry."

She nibbles on his earlobe, biting down his neck. Her hand glides down from his neck down his chest to his stomach, pressing firmly against his abs. She pulls him by his shirt away from the wall and kicks his feet from under him, letting him fall to the floor. She swoops on top and devours his lips. She sucks out his tongue and bottom lip. She claws her hand through his hair and pulls his head back, exposing his Adam's apple. She rubs her nose across his neck, breathing him in. She traces a circle with her tongue around his Adam's apple. His hands rest on her thighs, massaging up to her butt. He reaches up to touch her face, but immediately, she grabs him by the wrists and pins his arms above his head. 

She looks into his eyes, "Not your turn yet." She gently bites the tip of his nose while her hands flow back down his arms and rests on his chest. She sits up, scooting back till her hips are above his. Grabbing his shirt collar, she yanks him up and sinks her teeth into his shoulder. 

He clutches at her waist and lets out a yelp. She nuzzles her nose behind his ear and tells him, "I love hearing you scream for me." 

She could feel his erection through his jeans. She looks down and rubs him, "Almost ready," she says with a devilish grin. She stands up above him, feet planted on each side and pulls him to his feet, dragging him to the couch and pushing him down. She unbuttons her shirt and throws it to the side. She stands in front of him, taking off her pants in deliberate slow motion. He watches and wonders what his next instructions will be. 

"Take off your clothes, pants first," she commands. 

He hands them to her and continues to take off his shirt. She whips the belt out from his pants and holds one end as she runs it through her other hand. She folds it in half and cracks it loudly. She climbs on top of him. Her movements are smooth and slow. Their bare thighs touch as she straddles him, holding the belt up against his neck, tilting his head up. It's still warm from his own body heat. She holds it across his neck, as she rises to her knees, so her face is above his. She licks his lips from corner to corner. She presses the belt harder against his neck. He arches back trying to breathe. She grinds up against his hardening dick with her crotch. His hands grip at her thighs and she loosens up her grip and flings the belt over the couch. Her hands cup the back of his neck, pulling his face into her chest. One whiff of her scent and he couldn't resist pulling her closer, sucking on her chest and neck. He tears off her bra and takes her erect nipple into his mouth. He lightly licks a circle around her areola, teasing her. She growls into the air and digs her nails into his shoulder, drawing blood. He tries to muffle his cry in his throat. 

She holds his chin, "That's what you get for teasing me. Now let's see how you like it."

Firmly gripping the back of his neck, she bites the base of his neck before pushing him back against the couch and sliding down his body, tearing off his boxers. She pushes his legs apart, and clutches at his very stiff member. Her eyes lock into his as her tongue licks the tip and lightly pushes into the slit. He watches her nervously. His cock hovers inside her mouth as she bares her teeth. She could feel his whole body stiffen, afraid to move. She gently bites down, barely scraping the skin, while her tongue circles and flicks the head. She wraps her lips around him and glides his slick dick into her throat. He closes his eyes and leans his head back. She continues to stare up at him, drinking in his every expression. His moans further excite her. She could feel her pussy getting hotter. She strokes him, feeling his cock growing harder. He starts to breathe deeper. She quickly stands up and steps out of her panties. She straddles his lap, holding his dick, rubbing it back and forth along her dripping slit. 

"Tell me what you want," she demands. 

"You?" searching her face for the correct answer.

Her eyes drill into his. "Is that a question?" she asks, slow and seething.

"I want you," he states.

She dips the tip of his cock inside her and pulls it back out. They both moan.

"Say it. Tell me what you want me to do to your cock."

He pauses and pulls her in close. "Ride it. Fuck it. It's yours."

At this, she smiles and plunges his cock inside her wet folds. She places both his hands on her breasts as she thrusts her hips forward. She slowly starts rocking back and forth, thrusting forward each time, pushing him deeper each time. Her pace quickens, as does her aroused panting. She grips his shoulders and rapidly grinds into him. He holds her ass, guiding her hips down, keeping rhythm. Wrapping his arm around her waist, he shifts to lie on the couch with her still on top. He pulls her down for a kiss, while his hips try to drill up into her moist pussy. After they kiss, she slaps him across the face. "That's what you get for moving without my permission. Now suck on my nipples."

She pushes her breast into his mouth, and he immediately starts devouring. He holds her soft mound in his hand and rubs the tip along his lips before flicking it with his tongue. He gently bites down and sucks hard on her nipple, switching from right to left, then back to the right. She holds his chin to stop him. She pushes his chin up and sucks on the visible tendon, leaving a mark. She lies flat on top of him, pressing her chest to his. Her nails scrape up the inside of his biceps up to his fingertips. Her tongue slithers around his ear. He could feel her pussy walls gripping and squeezing his cock. She holds his neck as she sits back up and starts rocking back and forth, sliding his cock in and out of her slippery snatch. Her grip tightens as she gyrates more fervently. Their guttural moans echo through the room. He grabs her hand on his neck. She holds her grip and reaches back with her other hand to massage his testicles. Upon her touch, he could feel his orgasm shooting down his back and gushing out. "UNHHNhhhh...uunnnhhhhh..." rolls out from his throat as his whole body bucks underneath her, erratically shoving his cock up into her hot cunt.

The extra force and animalistic grunting releases her own orgasm. "UnhUnhUnhUnnnnh....Aww...!!!," she screams as her pussy spasms around his dick. Sweat drips down her neck and rolls down her chest. His eyes are closed and his chest is still heaving. As her breathing calms, she grabs the back of his sweaty head and bites his bottom lip. She rolls off his limp body, gathers her things and heads for the door.

"See you around," she says before closing the door behind her.

Still a little dazed, but also worried about getting caught, he quickly puts his clothes back on and goes back out to join his friends. 

"Dude, we lost you," his friend exclaims when he finally rejoins the table. 

"I was on the dance floor the whole time!" he lies. 

"Well, sit down. She's here!"

"Who?"

"The girl we wanted you to meet."

A group of girls approaches his table and he spots her among them. His friends push him towards her.

"George, this is Nancy. Nancy, George."

She smiles mischievously and shakes his hand. "Nice to meet you, George."

He smiles, "Likewise, Nancy."