 This story was written by the guy I wrote about in my story "After Class". The stories are about the two of us.

--------------------------------------------------

What I really learned in class…

"Matt, what did Freud say about oral?" demanded Burriss, Ab Psych teacher, waking me up from my short but nonetheless arousing nap.

I frantically searched through my notes and memory for the answer, trying to keep all sexual imagery out of my head. Burriss had woken me from one of my numerous sex fantasies, and I was more worried about concealing the 7 inch rod in my pants then answering his question. I tried to pay attention in that class, but I hadn’t had sex in months, and Burriss’ class was so boring I couldn’t help but start to dream about fucking some of the girls in my class. 

"I…uh…can I pass?" I stammered out.

"Keep your head up next time. Ani, can you help us?"

Ani, who sat directly next to me, quickly gave him an answer, but I didn’t hear a word of it. Ani was a few inches shorter than me (at 5’7), and was gorgeous. I had just been fantasizing about her, and just looking over at her after all of those fantasies caused me to enter a sort of lustful trance. Ani was a gorgeous girl. She had just moved into our district recently, and the first day I saw her I couldn’t help but just drool. The first day during the routine "Get to know each other" session, she mentioned she was latino, and from then on I knew where she got the beautiful permanently tan skin and ass and tits that any other girl would kill for. Every guy in class was staring at her body that day. She had firm, pert tits, that looked as if they were just a little bit too big for her frame, with a tight, round ass - a perfect half-circle shape. But that wasn’t it, Ani was knew her shit in school and best of all she had personality. She had that attitude everyone imagines in a latino woman, but was never bitchy. She respected herself, and everybody knew it. Everything about her reflected her confidence: she said what she thought, she didn’t dress like a slut, and if you pissed her off you’d hear about it. Some guys hated this about her, but it turned me on beyond belief. She was what I always imagined as the perfect woman - the best of both worlds: sexy but not slutty, confident but not arrogant. Luckily, me and Ani had become pretty good friends over the last semester, but I never let on about wanting her. I just figured she had an older boyfriend, who would beat the shit out of me if I made a move on her.

As Burriss kept teaching, I couldn’t take my eyes off Ani. She had on a low cut shirt and a sexy black miniskirt today, and I just couldn’t take my eyes off her body, darting my eyes back and forth between the cleavage I could see down her shirt and leaning back to see her shapely ass. I’m not sure if she knew I was staring or not, but I didn’t care. I was just committing all of it memory, making a permanent entry in my spank bank. This was my last class, and I couldn’t wait to get home and jack off thinking about sucking and fucking her. 

When the bell rang, I grabbed my bag and was ready to dart for the door, hoping to beat the rest of the class to prevent them from seeing the outline of my rigid cock. 

"Matt and Ani, why don’t you two stay after class." 

"Fuck!" I thought to myself. I quickly sneaked into a desk without anybody noticing the bulge in my pants. "What did he keep both of us in class?" I wondered. I was scared shitless, was he going to tell her I was staring at her all hour? A thousand thoughts rushed through my head, what was I going to tell Ani? 

"Matt, I noticed you’re grades have been dropping in my class, and school policy mandates that I give you a tutor. So, Ani has agreed to save your sorry ass."

"Thanks Burriss.." I muttered.

Ani had come back to the desk next to me, and shot me a quick smile. Apparently she hadn’t noticed my staring, otherwise I’d probably be getting slapped by now. 

"Hey thanks for volunteering to help me out and everything" I said.

"No problem, what are friends for right?"

Burriss took his seat at his desk in the corner behind us, and Ani began reviewing the lectures with me. I appreciated the help, but I couldn’t keep my mind on the subject. I just needed to go home and jack off already. This boner wasn’t going away, and I was afraid it was only a matter of time before she noticed it. After about a half an hour, Burriss and told us to he was leaving early (public schools…) and to lock the door when we left.

"Alright, we’ll be leaving soon Burriss" I said, hoping to give Ani a hint.

He closed the door, and I got ready to ask Ani if we could quit for the day, making up some lame excuse about me being sore (which technically wasn’t totally a lie, blue balls was setting in). 

"That’s fine, I just have a question for you," she said.

"Yeah alright, let’s just make it quick," I replied.

"Well, I’ve noticed you weren’t looking at Burriss very much in class today…"

My face turned beet red in seconds. She must have seen me gawking at her tits. I thought she must be pissed, and wondered how long it’d be before her boyfriend kicked my ass. "Yeah…look I’m really sorry-" 

"No it’s okay," she interrupted.

"What?"

"Well…," Ani began to drift off and looked down, "I like it."

I was shocked. I never had any idea she had any sexual interest in me. But she was obviously turned on…I knew I should take my chances here.

"Yeah, me too.." 

We both laughed a second at that, but ended with an awkward pause. We were staring at each other, smiling. At this time, I could crack jokes easy, but when it came to making the move, I was completely incompetent. I just stared at her with a big stupid grin until I realized she was waiting for something. After I sat there with a confused look on my face for what seemed like hours, she said "It looks like it…", glancing conspicuously at my cock. 

At this point, I was beside myself. My hormones were raging, my brain had shut off, I just wanted to bend her over the desk and fuck her brains out. Again, I just stared into her eyes, but this time, I saw she was experiencing what I was. She had a look of passion, almost just pure lust in her eyes. She was exotic, she was sexy, and I knew she was horny. I knew I had to make a move. My shyness was totally gone, replaced with the lust of months of unsatisfied desires. I stood up in front of her, making sure to step closer so my bulge was at eye-level for her. She did the same, but slowly standing up and slightly brushing her entire body against my cock on the way up. I slid my arms around her waist, and pulled her body against mine, making sure she felt my cock pressing into her. She tilted her head up and kissed me, gently at first, but gradually getting more sensual, until we were full-blown making out. I dropped my hands to her ass, gently squeezing it in my hands. Her ass felt even better than I expected. She pressed against me harder as I did it, and I was about ready to blow my load right there. I knew if I wanted to last I had to slow it down. I started to kiss her neck, and slid my hands around and up to her breasts. I started to caress them through her shirt, and again it was everything I expected. They were pert, just the right size, and firm. As I kissed her neck, I felt one of her hands slide from my waist to my crotch, and she started to rub my cock through my jeans. A second later, she pushed me back over to our teacher Burriss’ desk, about 3 feet behind us. I backed into it, and she told me to sit down. Of course, I was willing to do whatever she said at this point. I sat down, and she started to unbutton my pants. She stared up into my eyes, still with that exotic lust that I had seen before. Slowly she dropped to her knees, and pulled off my jeans. I couldn’t believe this. My fantasies were coming true; Ani was about to suck my cock. I kept staring into her eyes, as she pulled down my boxers. Her eyes only left mine to watch my cock as it sprang forth from the boxers, almost hitting her in the chin. She looked back up at me, and started to give me a handjob with one hand, while holding my balls in the other. She etched forward, and while still staring into my eyes, gently kissed the head of my cock. She started to kiss around it, and eventually her gentle kisses were replaced with her tongue. She licked up and down my shaft, playing with the underside where she knew it felt the best. Then in one quick movement, she downed half my cock into her mouth, still while staring up at me with her beautiful greenish-brown eyes. She started bobbing her head up and down on my cock, and after a minute or so, she grabbed my hand and put it behind her head. When I pressed her mouth farther down my cock, she just moaned and started bobbing her head faster. She was sucking me off, and it was the best blowjob I’d ever had. She’d alternate from fast to slow, always taking no less than half of my cock into her mouth at a time. I put both of my hands behind her head, and pressed her down even further. This time, she took more of my cock into her mouth, but on her own. Before I could even press down, she was gagging on my cock, trying to get all of it into her mouth. She grabbed my hands and put them on her tits, as she begin to frantically bob her head up and down on my cock, taking all of it in every time she came back down. 

After a few seconds of that, I had had too much. I tried to pull her away so I wouldn’t cum yet, but she wouldn’t have it. She pushed my arms away, and deepthroated my cock again, moaning as she took it in. This was just too much for me, and I blew my entire load right down her throat. I looked down at her to see her sexy eyes staring right into me, watching her swallow load after load of my hot cum. She loved it. I came so hard she couldn’t get all of it down though, and some of it leaked out of the corners of her mouth. When I was done, she took my cock out of her mouth, and used it to wipe the cum on her cheeks into her mouth, and swallowed it all. Even though I had just blown a huge load, watching her turned me on all over again, and I pulled her up to me and set her down on the desk. I pulled off her shirt, and started kissing all over her tits. She began to unstrap her bra, as I pushed her skirt up, revealing her black thong. I could see she was shaven, with just a little rectangle of hair peaking out from behind the thong. When she took her bra off, I saw what I had always fantasized about. She had beautiful tits, atleast a C cup, round, firm, her nipples totally erect. I couldn’t help myself. I just started kissing them, sucking her nipples, tweaking them with my tongue, anything I could do to make her moan. My hand darted down to her pussy, and I started to rub her pussy through the thong. She quickly started to moan, putting her hand behind my head and playing with my hair. I looked up to see her head fall back, jaw agape, eyes closed, as she just moaned,

"Oh Goooooooddd this is good…"

I was loving this, and I just wanted to return the favor and make her cum. I pushed her skirt up further, and pulled her thong aside as I dropped to my knees in front of her. We both stared at each with that familiar lustful gaze, as I began to kiss her exposed pussy lips. Her pussy lips were completely shaven, and I started by licking the edges of them. Again she started to play with my hair as I began to kiss her pussy, darting my tongue over her clit. 

She looked down at me, "hmmm..suck my pussy..that feels sooo good."

With one hand, I reached up and kept massaging her beautiful tits, and with the other I began to rub her pussy as I sucked on her clit. As I sucked her clit, darting my tongue over it and pressing it between my lips, I slowly slid two of my fingers into her wet pussy. She stopped staring at me only to let her head fall back again, moaning with pleasure. I was afraid maybe someone would hear, but I just didn’t give a fuck. She was going to cum, no matter who heard it. I kept finger fucking her and sucking her clit for a few minutes, until she grabbed my head and pulled me up away from her pussy. She stared me right in the eyes, and demanded "Fuck me…now"

She pulled her thong off, pushed her skirt up farther, and spread her pussy lips for me. She couldn’t even wait for me, instead grabbing my cock and pulling me over to her. I slid my cock in, slowly at first. After it was about halfway in, I felt her hands on my ass as she pulled me in faster. I slid the rest of it in one quick stroke - filling her pussy with all 7 inches of my cock. Again, her head fell back, and now I just went crazy. I started fucking her like a madman..fast, hard strokes. Everytime I’d get all of my cock inside her, she’d moan - and with every stroke I watched her gorgeous titties shake as I fucked her on my teacher’s desk. She laid back on her back now, so I was standing up in front of her, holding her legs apart while I fucked her as fast and hard as I could. She was screaming, now

"Oh Fuck me. God yes fuck me harder!"

I was fucking her so hard now the desk was shaking back and forth, her breasts had just become a blur. I reached up and grabbed them, allowing her legs to fall a bit as I fucked her while holding her tits. This was good, but I wanted more. 

I pulled my cock out of her, only to hear her moan..

"No…don’t stop..please keep fucking me. Please. Fuck me now!"

I pulled her over to the edge of the desk, and turned her over. She knew how I wanted it, and she looked back at me with those lustful eyes and mischievious smile.

"Mmm…I like this." She moaned as bent her over the desk, spreading her legs.

This time, I was too horny to be gentle. I slid all of my cock inside of her with one stroke, and pushed her farther over the table so I could get a better angle at fucking her pussy. She screamed again, "Oh yes…fuck me just like this. Make me cum…"

She leaned up again, her head turned back and to the side, staring at me again with a look of pure passion. Her arms stretched out forward, as she clenched the far edge of the desk with her hands as hard as she could. She looked at me, and demanded "Pull my hair." I pushed her back onto the desk, and with one hand grabbed her ass while I pounded her pussy from the back, with the other hand pulling her back. 

She loved it. She screamed over and over "YEEESSSSS….FUCK ME. GOD YES - JUST LIKE THAT."

I pounded her pussy with my cock as hard as I could, pulling her hair as she continued to scream for more. Then I felt my knees start to give way, everything started to turn red, and I knew I was going to cum. I fucked her as hard as I could, pulling all the way out and shoving my cock back in at full speed, pulling her hair, spanking her ass. 

"Ohh…I’m cumming" I moaned.

She moaned right back at me.."Oh God yes..me too, oh yes..FUCK ME! FUCK OH YES! OH I’M CUMMING!!!!". I fucked her until her screams subsided, about a minute later, and then leaned over to kiss her. I pulled out and she turned around, kissing me back. We both got dressed, our first words coming as we walked out the door, 

"That was great" I said, grinning.

"Yea…we’ll have to study again sometime" she said, turning to walk the opposite direction down the hall.