 He was a stranger that I took back to my motel room; just an average guy. If anything he might have been a little older than I preferred, but I wasn't in the mood to be picky. There was no mystery in what we were going to do, only how we were going to do it.

We made out on the bed, and he stripped me down to the buff. I like a man who knows how to take charge. I also like being nude in front of a man with all his clothes on. A good beginning is important. Then he got naked. His penis was huge. He didn't seem to be in any hurry. I love being french kissed in the nude. He decided I'd love it even more while being finger fucked. His tongue and fingers were in perfect sync. 

As I became increasingly wet, his attention shifted to my fully erect nipples. I liked the sensation of his tongue expertly probing and flicking my pleasure cherries. I'm proud of my breasts, and appreciated his serious attempt to lick and suck the pink off my nipples.

He backed away and re-situated his body between my legs. His cock was standing straight up. Lifting my left foot he placed my toes to his face. He began licking each one like a special morsel, and then repeated the procedure with my right foot. This was fun. He sucked on my big toes like a little boy with a lollipop, which caused pleasure sparks directly to my vagina. Then he re-directed my feet back down and fanned my toes across the tip of his penis. From the looks of his erection, he had a very healthy thing for feet.

I wanted to be fucked. He spread my legs and ate me out. He tongued me like a snake, slowly edging near and around the clitoris but never quite making contact. I moaned longingly as he brought me to the brink of release with pleasure surges that kept increasing in intensity.

"Please fuck me," I begged.

He inserted his finger into my pussy and then withdrew it, wet and glistening with my physical excitement. He anointed my clitoris and licked it. My body was on fire.

He re-inserted his finger all the way in, and slowly withdrew it. This time he drew a moist trace of pussy juice from the top of the pubis and up the abdomen. 

I sat up on my elbows to watch. This was a show I didn't want to miss. 

He reintroduced his finger and slowly withdrew from the nectar well. Brushing past my clitoris, he again traced a liquid glory trail further up my abdomen, and into the navel. 

He had found my secret fetish, my only secret shame, and I was in heaven.

I watched his fingernail lewdly wiggle it's way back and forth across the belly knot, producing a gloriously painful pleasure. I raised my tummy for more exquisite love punishment. I relished the idea of having a stranger make my navel so sweetly sore and red. His finger didn't disappoint. "You have such a sexy belly button," he purred.

I blushed.

"You like it when I say belly button, don't you?"

I nodded.

"Tell me how much you like my finger in your belly button."

"I like it..."

"No, say it."

"I like your finger...in my belly button," I murmured.

"Say it again louder like you mean it! Where do you like my finger?"

I hesitated before obeying his command. I managed to raise my voice, but couldn't find the wherewithal to look him in the eye.

"In my belly button."

"That's right," he sneered. "In your belly button!"

As his finger continued to probe, I felt myself literally dripping on the sheet below. No man had loved my tummy quite like this. When his nail finally found the core of the birth scar, it made me cum. My body quivered all the way down to my toes. I felt like a naked little girl who had touched herself impurely for the first time, and then realized her mother was watching. The delicious mixture of pleasure and shame overwhelmed my senses.

  Before my pleasure ebbed, his mouth was back and slobbering on my breasts. He was so excited, and I was so ready. I spread my legs wide open in anticipation of being penetrated. His penis was not only long, but had plenty of girth. I beckoned him while fingering my clitoris.

"Please fuck me. Use me any way you like. I want it so bad."

Instead, he placed my hand around his shaft, guiding it slowly up and down. Without any coaxing I placed my mouth on the head of his penis and ran my tongue lovingly around the well-defined ridge. The circumference seemed to go on forever. I paid special attention to the underside where the seminal vesicle attached. I licked the penis slit, and tasted a tiny dew drop of his excitement. I licked it again, and waited. Another clear droplet of lubricant emerged which I smeared all over the head with my finger. It felt so slippery, sensuous and sexy.

I spread my legs. He carefully inserted the head of his penis into my pussy, which caused me to spread even wider. That amazing ridge and penis head worked it's way back and forth in an agonizingly slow tease. My fully stretched crack barely swallowed the tip of his amazing cock which he tantalizingly popped in and out of my vulva repeatedly. If I had not been so lubricated, it might have split me in two.

With slow measured thrusts he achieved full penetration. He was as hard as a rock, and stayed hard as a rock for what seemed an eternity. If we had stood up, he could have anchored me onto that sweet appendage without my feet ever touching the ground. Oh I was going to be so sore for the next week, and it was going go be so worth it.

Without missing a beat we rolled over which left me on top to ride him rodeo-style. He remained still while I did all the work.  He placed his hands at my sides. 

"That's right", he purred sweetly. "Give me a show while I fuck you. Keep me nice and hard like a good belly dancer."

He placed his thumbs on my nipples. "Your titties are so big, so pink, and so hard. A naughty little girl like you loves a good fucking, don't you? You're as randy as a dirty little whore. You want every bit of pleasure you can grab. You want to be fucked like a dirty, filthy little whore, don't you?"

"Yes...oh God, yes!"

I worked my vagina up and down every inch of his amazing human club. My insides were turning to jelly. I had never felt so possessed in my life. A lightning bolt of pleasure surged through me, and repeated four or five times in rapid succession. I began to shake. Each surge brought on a new level of rapture. I could hardly catch my breath as he thoroughly stoked the needs of my sexual furnace. I fell back in surrender as he finished me off.

He pulled out, still hard, and christened my belly button with his remaining seed. The sight re-ignited my arousal. 

He slowly daubed his middle finger in the ejaculate pool, and coated my nipples with semen. He then lapped up semen with his index finger, and without warning, stuck it in my rectum. Before I could fully react, the tip of his tongue lapped the tip of my clitoris like a parched dog. My entire body clenched as I cried out in blissful agony, "Oh that is so fucking nasty!"

I squirted in his face; once.. twice... three times.

He closed his eyes, and didn't move a muscle.