 Part III, where I discover that there is a big, kinky world waiting for me. Knowledge of Parts I and II are not necessary, although if you enjoy this story you can find your way to 'Silence' and 'Dancer in the Dark' at that point.

The following is completely true, except for all of the parts that are total lies. If everything didn't happen exactly like this, then maybe it should have. Protection was used when needed, but usually not mentioned for the sake of story flow.

Votes, comments and constructive criticism are appreciated! -- Zot

Stranger to Myself

August, 1991 -

"Nobody has ever made me cum like that before." The voice on the phone was low and breathy. "Are you up for coming and visiting me again soon?"

My cock twitched, and I adjusted how I was positioned in my sweats as I remembered the first night that Donna and I had gone from 'friends' to 'friends with benefits'. An image of her flashed before me: impaled on my cock as her hips moved to the beat of the Middle Eastern drums. Another one -- this time of sweat dripping down our joined bodies as her cunt muscles milked my shaft to an explosive orgasm. I lay back against the headboard as I cradled the phone against my ear. "Experiences like that can kill a guy if he's not careful."

"I think you're up for it, Eric." I could hear the smile in her voice. "Didn't you say that you needed the practice?"

"Only if I can manage to get back out into the dating world." I suddenly felt down again. I hated the bar scene, and with my work hours, I didn't get out to socialize much anyway.

"Well, this might be a touchy subject, but have you thought about online dating?"

"Ugh. How romantic." She could hear the sarcasm dripping from my voice.

"I know, I know. But just because your ex-wife met someone online and ran off with them doesn't mean you can't use the internet's powers for good, too."

"Huh. Why are you so intent on helping my sex life, Donna? What happened to that next 'visit' you were talking about?"

"Oh, I still plan on collecting. I have a few more moves I want to show you. But I know this is just a 'Faire Fling' between us. That doesn't mean that I can't enjoy the hell out of it while it lasts, though."

Her attitude surprised me -- it wasn't what I was used to from my lovers. "So do you have any suggestions for the online dating thing?"

"Actually, I do. I have a girlfriend who's been using something called 'Adult Friend Finder'. She put an ad up and had more responses then she could handle. Last Monday she came into work grinning from ear to ear and barely able to walk."

"Hmm. OK. Maybe I'll check it out later." Now I was curious, and simply avoiding the cigarette smoke in the bars was a big plus.

"You better tell me if you find someone on there," she threatened mockingly.

"Oh? Why is that?"

"So you can tell me all the details, why else? You wouldn't begrudge me that, would you?" I could practically hear her batting her eyes at me over the phone connection.

I chuckled. "I didn't think that you'd want to hear those kinds of details."

"No?" I heard a wet sound, as if Donna was licking her lips. "Why wouldn't I want to hear about someone sucking your cock down their throat? About how you tit-fucked somebody you met online, and shot all over her face. About how you sank your big hard cock into some hot, steamy pussy, and fucked it like you fucked me."

I moaned at her words, and stroked my suddenly hard prick through my sweatpants. "Yeah? And why would you want to know all that?"

"Are you kidding me? If I'm not getting any myself, I can at least live vicariously through others."

"Is that your kink, Donna? Are you a voyeur at heart?"

She hesitated, and then said, "One of them."

"Any others you'd like to share?" I listened to her breathing on the other end of the line. It had quickened as she thought about her answer. "Tell me."

"I like to be talked dirty to," she blurted.

I thought quickly. "Really..." I drawled, stalling for time as I processed her words. "You want me to tell you all the dirty details of my sex life, eh? Are you going to touch yourself, pretending that it's my tongue on your clit as I tell you about eating someone until they scream? Are you touching yourself right now, Donna?"

I heard her breath catch. "Y-yes..."

"Where?"

Another hesitation. "My pussy."

"You're fingering your cunt, thinking about me touching you there? Are you wet Donna? Are you as wet as you were for me when I had my tongue on your clit and my fingers inside you?"

"Ohhhhh..." I could hear her moan even as her breath quickened.

"Answer me or I'm hanging up" I warned her.

She gasped, a little taken aback by my sudden forceful tone. "Yes, my panties are soaked."

"Take them off." I listened as I heard rustling for a moment, then I could hear her breathing into the receiver again. "What else are you wearing?"

"Just a t-shirt."

"Pinch your nipple through your shirt." She moaned, obviously following my instructions. "Hard!"

She gasped, and then moaned louder as I pulled my rock hard cock out of my sweats and started stroking myself. I'd never really 'gotten' phone sex before, but I was beginning to become a fan. "Now stick your fingers in your cunt, and tell me how wet you are."

"Oh god. Ohhh... I, I'm dripping; the sheet is getting wet."

"Suck your fingers, tell me how you taste." My own pre-cum leaked from my slit, and I smeared it around my crown before licking the remnants off my thumb, surprised at the innocuous, slightly sweet flavor of my own lubrication.

"Mmmm. Musky. Sweet."

"Get a vibrator, or a dildo, Donna. I know you have something." She gasped again, quietly, and I heard movement.

"OK." Her voice was low, and throaty.

"What do you have?"

"Ah, both."

"Good girl. Take the dildo, and just tease your cunt lips with it. Get the tip of it wet with your juices, and rub all around your clit." I paused, listening. Her breath was quick, and uneven. "Now start taking it inside you, slowly; just enough so that it won't pop out."

She moaned again, and as I listened to her I continued to stroke my hard shaft. I cradled the phone on my shoulder so I could pinch my own nipple, my cock twitching at the sudden sweet pain. The head of my cock was slick, and the pleasure increased as I slowly slid my hand up and down. "Is it in yet?"

"Yesss..." her voice was drawn out and breathy.

"Close your legs and cross your ankles, so it stays without you holding it. Can you do that?"

"Oh god. Yes."

"Good. Now take both your hands, and play with your tits. Squeeze your breasts; those are my hands on your tits. Squeezing them; pushing them together so that I can fuck them with my cock. Pulling on your nipples, pinching them, squeezing them tighter..."

"Nnnnggg..." she moaned loudly; then gasped as her fingers tightened on her own nipples in response to my words. "Oh!"

"Get your vibrator, don't turn it on. That's my cock; I want you to lick it, get it wet for me." I heard a clicking sound; I imagined it was her teeth tapping the hard plastic of the vibrator. "Is it nice and wet for me?"

"Yes." She was panting now, her breath coming in little gasps.

"Turn it on low, and tease your nipples with it." As she moaned again I heard a low buzzing start in the background. "Put one hand on the dildo, and start fucking yourself with it, slowly. Use the other hand to tease your lips with the vibrator -- don't touch your clit yet!" She gasped; then moaned in frustration at my last words. "How big is your dildo?"

My question took her by surprise, and it took her a moment to process my question. "Um, about seven inches," she panted. "But it gets really thick."

"Can you take all of it?" Her breath was coming fast; she obviously was still following my instructions.

"Sometimes... ah, ooohhhhhh!" The pitch of Donnas' voice rose as she worked the dildo further into her wet pussy.

"Take it all for me Donna; push that thick cock into your hot cunt."

"Ohhhh, it's so thick. Please can I touch my clit?" she begged.

"Not until you've taken it all; how much is left?"

Her breath was now fast and ragged, with little gasps between her words. "Ohhh, about a, a third left."

"Do it Donna, take it all for me!" My hand was still stroking my cock lightly, my entire shaft now wet with the pre-cum dripping from my slit.

"Ah ah ooooohhhhhh!" she wailed. "Oh god, it's in; I'm so full!"

"Use your fingers to touch your clit -- but don't cum yet!" I warned. I heard a loud gasp, and then she started moaning continuously, not yet reaching her climax, but audibly climbing towards it. My hand started pumping my shaft faster, my balls starting to tighten, and my own breath coming faster. "Now Donna, use the vibrator on your clit, turn it on high!"

"Oh Gaawwwd!" she wailed, her voice rising higher and higher as her orgasm hit, her words turning into a scream.

I pumped faster as I reached the point of no return. "I'm cumming!" I moaned, squeezing tight right beneath my cockhead while continuing to stroke my shaft with the rest of my hand. I released my grip as a pulse hit, and a white rope arched up, and then splashed back down high on my chest. We were both gasping and moaning as we masturbated together; connected by our sounds of self pleasure. The cum shooting from my cock weakened with each pulse, and I had to release my shaft and just hold my balls as I came down from my climax.

"Wow." Donnas' voice was quiet, and she sounded out of breath. "OK, that was a new one for me. Damn."

"Same here, I've never done that before." I reached for a box of tissues with my spare hand, and started wiping up the mess I'd made before it started dripping onto the sheets.

"I've never cum that hard by myself before -- but I guess I did have a little help." I could hear the smile in her voice.

"You let me know anytime I can be of service."

She laughed in response, a warm, throaty sound. "You can count on it. And don't forget, I expect to hear the details of any 'encounters' you have."

"You'll be the first to know," I promised.

***

That evening I had some time, so I found the "Adult Friend Finder" website that Donna had mentioned. It was fairly new at that point, and allowed you to browse the ads freely, without having to pay anything up front. Wow. The number of horny people looking for other horny people was overwhelming. I narrowed the filter down by giving my area, and specifying that there had to be a picture in the ad. That narrowed it down to mere hundreds. I spent the evening browsing the site, becoming hornier by the minute.

Since my ex and I had separated, I had started spending more time on the internet. At the time, the big resource was USENET -- basically an international discussion board on every topic under the sun. Want to know about restoring classic Chevy's? There was a group for that. Want to discuss current science fiction books or movies? They had that covered too, under rec.arts.sf. How about any conceivable sex act or combination you could think of? If you couldn't find it under alt.sex somewhere, it probably couldn't be done. I'd done a lot of reading, and a lot of things that had secretly turned me on were being advertised openly on a web site dedicated to getting horny adults together. I felt like a kid in a candy store.

I put together a basic biography for the AFF web site. When it came to the section where you could check off sexual activities that I was interested in, I didn't hold back. Anything that had interested me in the slightest I checked off. Group sex? Sure, why not? Toys? Sounds like fun. Bondage? I'd been reading a lot about that on USENET, and the idea of consensual dominance and submission never failed to turn me on, so that got checked as well. I browsed some more, marking a number of ads to look at again later. I was still looking at listings when the phone rang, and I answered it distractedly.

"Eric, it's Tami; I'm glad I caught you!" Tami and I had been friends for many years; and although there had always been a submerged sexual spark between us, one of us had always been in a relationship whenever the other was not. Now was no exception, and she had recently moved into a new apartment with her current boyfriend Carl. She was also more than ten years younger than I was; although that had only been of potential issue for the first few years that I knew her, when she was still 'underage'.

"Good to hear from you Tami, what's up?"

Her voice was gleeful. "Can you come over to the new apartment tonight? We've got a surprise for you!"

"What kind of a surprise?"

"If I told you, it wouldn't be a surprise, now would it? Can you come?"

"Sure, why not. You'll have to give me the address though, I haven't been there yet."

"You'll never find the apartment, it's a maze inside. There's a liquor store on the corner of Oak and Lincoln -- meet us in the parking lot there and we'll guide you in."

"Sounds good" I said. "See you in 30 minutes?"

"Make it 45, we've got a couple things to do. Bye!" She sounded insanely cheerful as she hung up, and I wondered what I was getting myself into.

***

I pulled into the parking lot of the liquor store, amusingly called 'The 21st Amendment', and got out to look around. A squeal snapped my head around as Tami jumped out of an unfamiliar car parked nearby. She ran up to me, spinning me around as I got an enthusiastic hug, her breasts pressing against me. Tami was beautiful, her exotic features framed by her long straight black hair.

"It's good to see you too!" I laughed as I returned her hug, and then pushed her out at arms length to get a look at her. Her medium sized breasts looked larger than they really were on her small frame, and filled her blouse wonderfully. "You look great! So what's the surprise?"

"This." The female voice came from behind me; and before I could react a pair of hands covered my eyes. "Guess who!"

The voice was familiar, but I couldn't place it. "Do I get any hints?"

The body behind me moved closer, and her lips tickled my ear as she spoke softly into it. "You don't remember me? I'm hurt!" I could hear the teasing in her voice as I wracked my brain. The voice was familiar, but I couldn't quite place it. I could feel her breasts pressing into the top of my shoulder blades, and I realized that whoever it was behind me was taller than I was by at least a good inch or two, if not more. Between that, and the additional words I thought I had it.

"Lynn?!"

"You got it!" she exclaimed delightedly, removing her hands and allowing me to spin around. "Hi!" Before I had a chance to answer, she leaned in for a kiss, and dazed, I responded. Her lips parted, and my arms went around her as she leaned into the kiss, the tip of her tongue darting out to open my lips. Tami was forgotten for the moment as my mind went into overdrive as our kiss, our first ever serious kiss deepened.

The last time I had seen Lynn had been about two years earlier; she was a friend of my ex-wife. Lynn had been going through a rough financial patch, had needed a place to stay; and so ended up in our spare bedroom for about two months. Lynn and I had gotten along well, and had become good friends ourselves, but nothing had ever happened more than some innocent flirting. Well, my wife had confessed during pillow talk that she had fantasized about making love with Lynn, but that's as far as her bi-curiosity had ever taken her. I'm sure that Lynn had heard my wife and I making love in the months that she lived with us though -- the walls were paper thin and the bedrooms were adjacent to each other. I didn't think that Lynn had ever heard us whispering to each other during sex, fantasizing to each other about what it would be like if Lynn would join us. Her favorite fantasy was eating Lynn while being fucked by me. Mine was fucking Lynn while Lynn and my wife performed 69 on each other. Sadly, they remained fantasies unfulfilled.

Physically, Lynn was atypical of most of the women I've dated. I'd always dated brunettes or redheads -- she was blonde. Almost all of the women I had been with have been 5'5" or less -- Lynn was tall - closer to 5'9" in bare feet -- and she liked wearing 2"-3" heels as well, which gave her more than a few inches on me.

She moaned into our kiss as forgotten Tami behind me started laughing. "OK, break it up, you two!" I broke the kiss, but Lynn didn't let me go, keeping one arm around my shoulders as we swung around to look at Tami. Her other hand went possessively to my chest, her nails scratching my nipple through my shirt.

"I didn't even know that you two knew each other!" I exclaimed, trying to keep from visibly reacting to the pleasure Lynn's touch was giving me. My arm was around her waist, but her additional height caused my hand to rest comfortably on her ass.   "We didn't until a few months ago -- she and Carl have known each other for years though." I thought back and understood -- both Lynn and Carl had known a lot of people in the local theater and 'Goth' communities; that was probably where they had met. "We just realized that you two knew each other today, so we just had to all get together. Carl is waiting for us at the apartment; follow me in and park where there isn't a covering over a parking space."

Lynn let go of me as we moved to the cars, and I finally got a look at her. She had always had fashion sense, even when she was on a tight budget, and this was no exception. Her boots went nearly to her knees, and had a 2 inch wedge heel. Above that was a simple above-the-knee skirt with a slit on one side to allow for easier movement. On top was a soft wrap blouse, her generous cleavage framed by the material. "You're looking wonderful! What have you been doing?"

We chatted as I opened the door of my SUV for her, and we gave each other Cliff's Notes versions of our lives over the past few years as I followed Tami into the apartment complex maze. The complex had evidently gone for an upscale theme, and there were ponds, fountains, and various other water features everywhere, separating the various buildings with a bewildering labyrinth of roads, parking lots and paths. Lynn kept her hand on my leg as we slowly drove further into the complex, running her fingers up and down. I wasn't complaining -- I'd been horny all day, and even my phone interlude with Donna seemed to increase my libido rather then slacking it. Spending hours reading ads from women looking for sex hadn't helped matters any either.

"I was sorry to hear about you and Tonya. Have you heard from her?" Her words brought my attention away from her hand, which was a mere inch from the bulge of my cock extending down my right jeans leg.

"Not since she left the state. Have you?"

"No, I haven't talked to her in over a year. You holding up OK?" she asked. We were finally evidently in the right lot, and Tami aimed for a covered parking space while I looked for an available visitors spot.

"I'm getting used to it" I replied, as I swung into a spot. "Strangest thing is not having someone around all the time."

"I know the feeling -- Sarah and I split up a while back ourselves."

I cocked an eyebrow at her as I turned off the engine. "Sarah?"

She grinned at me. "Guess you hadn't heard that I'd expanded my horizons."

I laughed. "I'm just disappointed that Tonya isn't around to hear that. You know she fantasized about being with you, right?"

The look on Lynn's face was priceless -- shock and lust and disappointment all wrapped up into one. "No way! If you knew how many times I thought about joining in with you two when I heard you guys going at it..." Her voice trailed off, but her hand was gripping my upper thigh, her pinky in the crease where my leg met my abdomen, the light touch of her finger on my scrotum beneath the material of my jeans vied for attention with her words.
