 When she got home, she ran upstairs to her room, plopped her bag down and shut the door. She stripped off her clothes, down to her white bra and panties. She walked over to the half-length mirror on her dresser and looked at herself. She tilted her head right and left as her eyes ran down from her breasts to her crotch. She started replaying the intense blowjob she just gave him. She closed her eyes, picturing his face, his lips and the way his hands felt on her bare skin, firm and burning with desire. Her breathing quickened and with one hand, she squeezed her breast. Her nipples grew harder and pushed against the fabric. She laid down on her bed and slid her hand down into her panties. Her middle finger glided over her clit and surged across her opening, her slit getting wetter. Her other hand pushed her bra strap off her shoulder. She licked her fingers and thumb and pinched her hard nipples. She imagined his tongue flicking her aureolas, his teeth nibbling on her hard nubs. She started to writhe on her bed. Her fingers stroked feverishly. She imagined it was his hard dick plunging in and out of her. She bit her lower lip and her heart started beating faster. Her pussy grew hotter and hotter, and soon she erupted with a yelp. She turned over and hugged her pillow, thinking, "Oh man... I can't wait to see him again. What am I going to say to him? He's so sweet and so cute," she thought about his mesmerizing eyes, "but we're in the same class. If things don't turn out well..."

---------------------------------

After her self-serving session, she fell asleep and was awaken by the ringing of her cell phone. Thinking it was her mom calling to see what she was eating for dinner, she answers without looking at the screen. 

Groggily, " 'erlo?"

The low voice, "Hi."

Her eyes pop wide open. Clearing her throat and trying to sound more awake, she says, "Hey! Um.. Hi... hey," not sure what to say next, "What's up" jumped out.

"Not much," he responded. She could hear him smiling over the phone. 

She smirked and said, teasingly, "Why are you calling then?"

He makes a "hmmm...." sound, pretending to think, "You're right, I don't know why I called. I'll talk to you later." 

"Wait!" she jumps in, probably a little too eagerly.

"Yes?"

She could still hear him smiling and she knew she fell for his trick. After a 2-second pause, she said, "Oh, nothing. Never mind. I'll see you in class?"

"Mmm... I don't think I can wait that long."

She can't help smiling. "Really?"

"Really. So what are you doing tomorrow?" 

"Nothing... oh wait. Crap! I have to work tomorrow. Umm... maybe we can hang out after? I get out at 6." 

"Are you sure you won't be too tired? I mean, I'd totally understand. I always feel like crashing and doing nothing after I get out of work."

"I'll be fine. I can always find energy when there's someone to do. I mean THING! Some-THING to do." She bit her lip and mouthed the word "FUCK", hoping he'll just let it pass.

She can hear him laughing, but luckily, he just said, "Do you want me to pick you up or meet you somewhere?"

"I should probably go home and change first...so how about you pick me up at my house around 7?" 

"Okay. I'll see you at 7 then. Umm... have a good night then, good dinner I mean...Right. See you later!"

Now it was her turn to laugh. "Yeah, see you tomorrow!"

She hangs up the phone and rolls over in her bed. Her next thought: What am I going to wear tomorrow?

------------------------------

She catches herself looking at her watch, glimpsing the clock on the wall, glancing over to the time on her computer, wishing the clock would move faster while at the same time, hoping it would slow down because she did not feel ready enough to see him again. 

Focus! Just do your work and when the time comes, it comes. You'll know what to do then. 

She replays her pep talk to herself while she walks over to the elevator. She needs to bring some files down to another floor. The elevator opens and she nearly drops her jaw when she sees him standing there with a single flower. His head was down and he was mumbling and hand gesturing something to himself. He started to step out of the elevator when he looks up and sees her standing before him. His face lit up, as did hers. She pushes him back into the elevator and pushed the floor number she needed. 

"What are you doing here?" she asks.

"Umm, I wanted to..." he hands her the flower. "I told you I couldn't wait." 

The elevator dings as it reaches her floor. "I have to give these files to the HR department." She pulls him out of the elevator. "Wait for me here, I'll be right back and then I can give you a tour. Alright?"

"Sure." He watches her hips sway as she walks down the hall. 

He looks around and down the hall and notices a broom closet. He tests the doorknob. Locked. Damn it, he thought. She comes back down the hall towards him, walking as quickly as her shoes will let her. She pushes the elevator up button. 

"I can't believe you came here! Alright, I'll show you the top floor first and then we'll go back down to my floor and I can show you my 'workspace'," she says as they step onto the elevator.

"Ohhh.. 'workspace'. Sounds fancy."

"Yeah, I know... they make us call it that."

The elevator opens at the top floor and they step out.

"This is where most of our managers work," she gestures at some of the offices they walk past. "Interns usually don't come up here unless we need to help fetch files. I know, not very exciting for us, but..." She grabs his arm and swooshes him into the broom closet. 

She shuts the door quietly and turns her back to it, facing him with a devilish grin. "I saw you checking the closet door downstairs." 

He smiles at her daring move and walks up to her, cups his hand behind her neck and pulls her in for a slow, deep kiss. She closes her eyes and lets his tongue swirl against hers. He breaks the kiss very briefly. They gaze into each other's eyes and instantly fall back into their kiss. This time more passionate, filled with heat. His hands wrap around her waist, her hands paw at his chest, grabbing his lapel, pulling his body close to hers. He was getting aroused at the feeling of her chest heaving against his. 

His kisses trail from her ear lobe down to her neck. His hand cups over her breast. He starts massaging, rubbing his thumb over her nipple. The sensation shoots tingles down her spine. Her panties start sticking to her as they grow wetter with anticipation. A stifled moan escapes her lips. He starts unbuttoning her blouse. She catches his hand and starts pulling away. He's still breathing heavily as he looks into her eyes, silently begging her to continue. He leans down and plants little kisses on her nose, cheeks, ears... She completely surrenders and lets go of his hand. He swiftly unbuttons her blouse, exposing her pink lace bra. He bends down to kiss her nipple through her bra. The lacy layer rubbing against her now very sensitive nipples adds to the tingling between her legs. He straightens back up and resumes their tongue locking. She could feel his aroused dick pushing against her stomach. She rubs the shaft through his pants. He lets out a gasp, but he's determined to make this session about her. 

His hand reaches around to rub her tight round ass. Her skirt rides up higher and higher, until he can feel the smooth skin of her thigh. He runs the back of his hand up her inner thigh. His fingers graze her panties, now soaked with her juices. He firmly rubs her wet spot. Her knees nearly buckle from the pleasure and she moans into his mouth. 

"You are so wet," he whispers into her ear.

She would blush if she wasn't already at his mercy. "What are you going to do about it?"

He rubs her again, her panties are getting caught among her moist folds. He hooks his index finger into her panties and yanks it to the side. He licks his middle finger and rubs it along her slit. She grinds her hips lower, trying to catch his finger. He rubs back and forth along the wet opening, until, "I can't take it anymore, put your fingers inside me, please." 

In one firm movement, he glides his middle finger as far up her wet snatch as it will go. She gasps from the pleasure waves crashing against her body. He slides back out, then enters again with two fingers. Rotating his wrist around while digging his fingers and rubbing her clit with his thumb, he could feel her inner walls tightening. Her breaths become labored. Soon she's gasping air and she grabs his shoulders. "Ohmygod, don't stop. Don't stop!" she says, trying to be quiet.

He enjoys watching her writhe from the pleasure he's bringing her. He lowers his head to her breasts and lightly nibbles on her nipples. The extra sensation sends her over the edge. "I'm cumming, cummmmming..." She could feel herself erupting around his fingers, but he doesn't stop rubbing her clit or rotating his fingers. After he feels her final wave, he slides his fingers back out and licks his fingers. Seeing him do this, she blushes. 

She buttons up her blouse and attempts to straighten her hair. He watches her pull her skirt down and tuck her blouse back in. Their eyes meet and both smile, a little shyly. She wraps her arms around his neck and kisses him. "That was incredible."

She walks over to the door and cracks it open, checking for people walking by. "Come on, let's go," she motions him out the door. They walk back to the elevator and ride down to the ground floor. 

She bites her lower lip and smiles at him. Ding! Ground floor. She walks him out of the building. "I guess I'll see you in.." she checks her watch, "3 hours?" 

He leans in to kiss her cheek and whispers in her ear, "Just you wait..." He steps back, "See you tonight." 

She smiles and turns back to go inside. He lingers on and watches her go, thinking about his plans for later that night.