 STRANGERS ON A BEACH (IN THE RAIN PT2)

BOOOOOOOM!! Tonya jumped as the loud clap of thunder startled her. She stared out the window and watched the skies darken. She knew soon the rain would start. Sure enough, the raindrops began to pelt the outside of the house in Pensacola Florida. The intensity of the rainfall increased and Tonya lay back down in her bed. Her husband Charles was still knocked out; the thunder didn't even stir him. His vodka had him in a deep slumber and wild horses couldn't wake him. It was 3am in the morning. Tonya should've been used to these storms but they always frightened her.

Tonya was born and raised in Florida but further down south near Tampa. She was a fun-loving 24 year old freshman working and going to college down there nearby when she met 35 year old Charles at the Hard Rock Casino there in Tampa. She was with a few of her girlfriends at the craps table when Charles sauntered up and started talking to them. He gave them a couple of tips and the girls began to win. He was a handsome albeit older man and he directed his dazzling smile at Tonya. She was captivated with him and they became an item.

Three tumultuous years later, the couple got married and Tonya moved in with Charles in Pensacola. He was in the Navy, stationed on the base there but he got out and took a contractor job. Tonya's friends would say Charles worked hard to isolate her from them and family. Tonya would soon see Charles's charming personality change to one of a more brooding nature. He was old-fashioned in his views on marriage and wanted Tonya to stay home and be a housewife. Tonya had been going to school to be a nurse but she figured that she could go part-time and be home more to make Charles happy so she went along with his wishes.

That was then and here was now. Here they were three years later. Tonya never went back to school. Charles pretty much kept her locked up like she was his property. Needless to say, she wasn't happy. They didn't have any children and whether or not that was a good or bad thing depended on who you asked. From the limited contact Tonya had with her friends and family, it was good. When Tonya would finally come to her senses, she could leave Charles and start a new life. All Tonya wanted to do was make Charles happy so she thought of her infertility as being her own fault. It didn't help that Charles made her feel this way, too. She was pushing 30 and childless; she didn't think this was normal. She would fall into deep bouts of depression and loneliness over it.

In the morning, Tonya got up and made her husband breakfast. He liked scrambled eggs and grits with bacon. She heard him get up grumpily and start getting dressed for his day. She had his plate ready when he stumbled out of the bedroom and plopped down at the kitchen table.

"Good morning, baby." Tonya said softly, pouring him a cup of coffee.

Charles wasn't in much a conversational mood. His hangover was heavy this morning. He mumbled something unintelligible and sipped his coffee.

Tonya swallowed. "I was watching TV last night and I saw this commercial for this online college. One of the programs it offered was for nursing; I was thinking about signing up. What do you think about it?" she asked.

Charles sat up straight, looked up at the ceiling in exasperation and blew out a sigh. He then looked down and slowly started shaking his head. "No Tonya, I don't think it's a good idea." he said.

"Why not?" Tonya lamented. "I mean, it's completely online. I might have to go to a facility to take a test but that's about it. I'm not doing anything here during the day anyway. I can make good use of my time."

Charles scowled at her angrily. "Don't you have enough? I give you everything. What do you need a degree for? You don't need to work." he said and stabbed at the eggs on his plate. "No you're not doing that."

Tonya sighed sadly and looked down. Charles saw her forlorn look and his features softened. He reached over and took her hand.

"C'mon baby, don't be like that. You have this beautiful house to live in and no worries. And we're trying to have a child, too. That's what you should be concentrating on. You might be pregnant right now." he said smiling.

Tonya just looked at him and rolled her eyes. She got up from the table and went back into the bedroom. Charles shrugged his shoulders and continued to eat his breakfast.

Tonya lay in her bed with tears in her eyes. She might be pregnant, humph!! What a joke, she thought. The man never touched her anymore. The only way she would get pregnant is if she got some sex from another man. She heard keys jingling and finally him leaving out the front door. She turned on her back and closed her eyes. She thought about trying to self-love again but it would only be torture. She could never make herself cum.

Tonya was a beautiful woman. Due to the nature of her marriage, she really wore no makeup but she didn't need any. She had soft, smooth dark chocolate skin, big beautiful, oval-shaped brown eyes with a button nose and soft full lips. She had a nice, curvy body due to her yoga (one thing that Charles didn't mind her doing since he figured she wasn't going anywhere) with 34-C breasts, a small waist and a nice round bubble-butt. 

Charles was proud that he could pull a woman like her and in the beginning of their relationship, he told her so. That should've been a clue to what was to come but she didn't pick up on it. Now she looked at her sexless marriage and she longed to be touched. She felt like she was wasting away here but she loved Charles too much to leave.

She got up and put on a robe then went into the living room. The sun was bright outside as she looked out her patio window. She noticed a man moving boxes into the house next door. He seemed to be alone. The house was small, only a one bedroom. It had been on the market only for a couple of weeks. The previous owner mysteriously disappeared a few months back. No one had heard from him.

Tonya studied her new neighbor. He was short, only about 5'7 but he was muscular. He wore some owlish nerdy glasses, giving him a very bookworm type look. He easily handled the boxes he brought from the U-Haul truck. Tonya smiled and decided to say hello. She went back into the bedroom and changed into some shorts and a t-shirt. She slid on some flip-flops and went out on her patio. She waved at him.

"Hi there." she said cheerily to the stranger. The man stopped and smiled at her. He put down the box he had in his hand and came over to the fence separating the two properties.

"Good morning to you." he said, reaching over the fence and offering his hand.

Tonya had walked over to the fence. She took his hand and shook it. "I'm your new neighbor. The name is Paul."

"It's nice to meet you, Paul. I'm Tonya." she said with a smile. "Getting settled in huh?"

Paul stood back with his hands on his hips. He looked back at his new house. "Yeah, getting there. I have a few more things." he said.

"What happened to the old owner? He disappeared a couple of months ago and then the for sale sign popped up." Tonya asked.

Paul laughed. "Well, I don't know what dude did for a living but I guess he was a cheat. He got convicted of Medicare fraud and got sent to federal prison. All of his assets were auctioned of to pay back the government. I got this house for a steal." he said.

"Wow." Tonya said smiling. "Good deal. So where did you move from?"

"The DC area. I've always wanted to live in Florida. When this government contractor job opened on the Navy base in town opened up, I jumped on it. This house was my second stroke of good luck." Paul said.

There was something attractive about him, Tonya thought. He was well built but not in a macho type of way. More like he took care of himself very well. Well defined arms and shoulders. Nice runner's legs. She was sure he had a nice six-pack stomach. All with an owlish bookworm look. Yes, Tonya thought. He was the sexiest nerd she had ever met.

"Have you ever been to Florida?" she asked him.

"Yes. I've visited a few times. I love the water. It does something to me. Hypnotizes me. I black out." he said sheepishly.

"Wow. Well, it rains a lot around here. Just so you know." Tonya said with a grin. "Don't black out too much." She turned and headed for her house, waving to him over her shoulder.

"Seeya around." Paul said then went back to moving his things in.

A few days later there was another terrible thunderstorm. The thunder clapped loud and powerful and the rain battered the roof of the house. Tonya was alone. Her husband hadn't been home in the past week. Not only was Tonya sad and lonely, she was frightened too. She sat in the living room on the couch with her knees to her chest and a blanket around her for security.

Soon the rain seemed to soften from a downpour to a good shower. The thunder and lightning stopped also. Tonya relaxed a bit. She looked out through the kitchen to her patio and sat up with a start. She blinked a couple of times then got up to confirm what she thought she saw.

The rain picked up a bit as she slowly walked into her kitchen and watched as her new neighbor Paul sat out in his backyard in a lawn chair. He had his hands clutched behind his head and was sitting back, legs stretched out and totally relaxed. He had a big smile on his face as the raindrops pelted his glasses and ran down his sculpted body. He was only wearing boxer briefs and the rain had soaked them. Tonya could see his dickprint through the underwear and she drooled at its length.

Tonya was mesmerized. She couldn't take her eyes away. She totally forgot about being scared of the storm. On the contrary, she felt compelled to join Paul there in his backyard. She didn't know why the rain turned him on but her pussy was wet looking at his body. Her hand slowly went down between her legs and began to caress her clit. She moaned softly as her clit slid between her fingers and her juices ran down her thighs. She tried to will herself to open her patio door but she couldn't bring herself to do it. She closed her eyes and imagined herself down on her knees between his legs with his hard dick in her mouth. It had been so long since she did that and she longed to have the musky male scent and taste in her mouth. She cried out in ecstasy as her orgasm exploded. When she opened her eyes, the rain had stopped and Paul was standing and looking at her with a knowing smile. He nodded and went back into his house. Tonya was mortified. She quickly turned and went back into her bedroom. As she laid down, she smiled to herself at Paul's effect on her. She closed her eyes and fell fast asleep.

The next day Tonya awoke to a bright sun. She stretched then frowned. She noticed that Charles's side of the bed was unchanged. He still had not come home. Tonya cursed under her breath. She wasn't worried for his safety. More than likely, he was laid up somewhere with some woman. She cursed herself for not having his cellphone number. What the hell, she thought. He probably wouldn't have answered anyway. She herself didn't have a cellphone. That was one of the ways Charles kept her in check.

Tonya was fed up with her situation. Her friends had been right about Charles. She didn't know why she had fell so hard for his game. She sat there and could not come up with one thing she loved about him. Sure he was a good looking man but she never got to enjoy him physically. She decided right then and there that she would be free of him one day. The first thing would be easy. She'd get herself a cellphone. Then she would get a job and leave Charles.

Tonya felt better. She got up and put on a robe on over her t-shirt and pajama short then went into the kitchen. She made herself some coffee and sat down to figure out what she would do today. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Paul come out of his patio door with a bag of trash and put it in the receptacle. She smiled and got up. She went outside to her patio and waved at him. He smiled and walked over to Tonya's pool cage.

"Good morning." Paul said smiling. "You look like a fresh morning. How are you?"

Tonya giggled at his flirtiness. She liked the idea of being seduced. "Better than you, I'll bet. The next time you need to cool off, knock on my door. You can use the pool whenever you like." she said with a flirty look.

Paul had a look of confusion on his face at first then he realized that she must've seen him outside last night. He grinned. "Wow, you saw my little thing huh?" he said shaking his head. It's not so little, Tonya thought. Paul looked at her sheepishly. "I have a thing for the water. Somehow it kinda turns me on." he said.

"That's good to know." Tonya said. "The pool would be really fun for you."

"No, not like that." Paul said. "I like natural water. I like the rain, thunderstorms, the beach, waterfalls, rivers. I can't explain it."

Tonya nodded her head. She hadn't been to any of the beaches around yet. "I read somewhere that Pensacola Beach is one of the top ten beaches in the United States. We're so lucky huh?" she said.

"Yes we are. I'm going to have to check it out." he said. He turned to head back to his house. "Have a nice day, Tonya." he said looking back at her with a smile. Tonya smiled back and waved at him. She turned and went back into the house.

Tonya was motivated to restart her life. She went into town and got herself a cellphone and activated it. She felt so liberated and happy. She knew Charles could never find out about the phone though. Not that it mattered; it didn't seem as if Charles was coming back. She came back home and got on the Internet to look for a job. It was a good thing she had no kids with Charles. She could make a clean break. She knew she could empty his bank account; she knew his account number and pin code because the bastard was too lazy to pay his own bills and had her do it. However, Tonya wanted her own and she was determined to do that. She spent the rest of the day working on her resume and her job search.

Later that evening, there was another violent thunderstorm. This time, Tonya wasn't scared. She thought about what Paul had said about the rain and she wondered what he was doing now. Her husband still wasn't home and by now she wondered if something actually had happened to him. Since she didn't have his number to call, she decided not to worry about him. She went to her patio and looked out to Paul's backyard. He wasn't out there and she also noticed Paul's truck was gone. Tonya was disappointed. She was hoping to get a repeat performance of him from the last storm.

"Hmm. I wonder..." she said out loud, trying to figure out where he would be. He just moved here and he doesn't know anyone except me. Then it hit her. "I wonder if he's at the beach." she said to herself

She put on some sneakers and a raincoat over her t-shirt and pajama bottoms then grabbed her keys to her old Chevy that she stopped driving when she moved in with Charles. She ran to the car and jumped in. She said a silent prayer that the car would start and yelped for joy when it did so. She took off towards town. She saw the signs for the beach and turned in that direction. When she reached the beach, she looked for a secluded spot and that's where she saw Paul's truck parked. She parked beside him and looked down towards the beach. Sure enough, she saw a single solitary lawn chair out in the torrential downpour.

Tonya sat there in the car thinking. Now is my chance, she thought. I've come this far. She took a deep breath and took off her raincoat then her t-shirt and pajama bottoms. She then put the raincoat back on. She got out of the car then made her way down towards the beach where Paul was.

When she came up on Paul, she saw he was dressed the same way he was the last storm. His legs was stretched out and his arms were crossed on his chest. He also was wearing sunglasses. She looked at his thick dick under his boxer briefs then quietly got down on her knees and crawled over to him.

Paul was enjoying the cold rain pounding down on him. It felt like the best cool shower he had ever taken. When the storm started he went outside and let the rain drench his body. Then he thought about the beach how that would be. He got dressed and took off for the beach. He didn't think about being struck by lightning until he did see some far out over the distant ocean. But he stayed and chilled in his lawn chair. Now he was sitting and enjoying the cool rain beating down on him.

Suddenly, he felt what seems like a hand feeling his on his crotch. The hand deftly got inside his underwear and stroked his dick. He looked down and saw Tonya's smiling face. He was shell-shocked as she pulled his now rock-hard dick out and began to suck on his dickhead. Her warm wet mouth broke him out of his shock and he threw his head back in pleasure. Tonya was used to sucking Charles's dick and it was a bit larger than Paul's but Charles liked to force his down Tonya's throat. This made for a painful experience for Tonya. With Paul, she found she could deepthroat him with a bit of effort. It had been awhile since she had a dick in her mouth since Charles stopped having sex with her but she didn't miss a beat with Paul. She worked her head up and down on his dick with it going in and out of her throat. His body shuddered as the rain pelted them both and Tonya worked her oral magic.

Finally, Tonya stood up and looked down at him. Paul looked up at her in awe. She undid the sash on her raincoat and let it fall to the sand. His eyes widened when he saw her nakedness. Tonya let her head back as the coolness of the water covered her body. The rain washed down over her soft chocolate breasts and dripped down off her stiff nipples. It ran down between her breast, down her taut tummy and over the small patch of pubic hair covering her mons. The coolness made her already swollen clit jump even more.

She picked up her raincoat and laid it down on the ground in front of Paul's lawn chair. She then took his hand and pulled him to his feet. She looked at him seductively, coaxing him to lie down with her on the raincoat. She removed his eyeglasses and put them to the side. She then leaned down and kissed his lips, a deep, really wet kiss. Their tongues danced together, caressing each other. Paul ran his fingers through Tonya's luscious locks. His hands roamed over her body, cupping her supple breasts and squeezing her soft booty.

Tonya let go of her kiss and straddled Paul's chest. She looked down at him and Paul stared at her fat, juicy pussy looking right back at him. He grabbed her butt and pulled her towards his mouth. Tonya moved forward and spread open her flower for him to taste. Paul licked and sucked on her kittykat, the rain mixing with her vaginal juices as they trickled into his mouth.

It had been a very, very long time Tonya had been orally satisfied. Paul took it easy on her. He sucked softly on the hood of her clit, squeezing it with his lips and tongue. He slurped up and down her labia and his tongue darted in and out of her lovehole. Tonya's body shuddered and her breaths came in heaves as she came over and over again.

Finally, she had enough and pushed herself back from his mouth. Paul looked at her and licked his lips. Tonya smiled at him and she reached back to stroke his rigid dick. She lifted herself up a bit and spread herself open for his member to enter. She slowly lowered herself onto it, easing it in and out of her pussy bit by bit.

"Ahhhhhh..." Tonya moaned as she continued to work Paul's missile into her erotic center. She soon was riding and bouncing on him easily, grinding her love down on his lap. Her sugarwalls grabbed his man-meat for dear life and squeezed and milked him. Paul grabbed hold of her soft bottom and bucked up to meet her humping. They fucked in rhythm for what seemed like an eternity. Quiet, intense orgasms rolled through Tonya's body. She almost blacked out as one really big one exploded and covered Paul's balls with her squirt juices. His balls began to quiver and Tonya knew he was ready to release his seed.
