 It's about 4PM on a hot sunny day. You sit on a park bench that is about 30 feet away from a path that people use for walks and runs. Beyond the path, the bench faces an open field where people are tanning and playing typical backyard games. The bench is secluded enough that you can enjoy the open air but not be bothered by the noises or the people all around. To the back is a tree line that also offers some shade. As you enjoy the beautiful day reading a book, a runner jogs slowly down the path and turns towards the bench. He walks over breathing hard from his run. He has a loose fitting tank top that clings to his chest from the sweet, a pair of mesh shorts and a towel around his neck.

He sits on the bench next to you and leans forward to wipe his neck and head with the towel. You feel annoyed that this man has disturbed you peace and you now find it hard to focus on your reading with the new intrusion. He leans back stretching his arms on the back of the bench. As you try hard to focus on your book, a light breeze picks up blowing the pages, causing you to look up until the wind calms down. In the distance, you see a group of woman in bikinis adjusting their towels and bending over, curious you turn to the stranger next to you and notice he is staring directly at the group of woman. He adjusts his leg slightly causing you to glance down where you see the slight outline of his cock, as the head pokes upwards.

He glances in your direction catching you starting at his cock, causing it to twitch. Still staring you look up, thinking the cause was from the woman in the distance but see him looking at you. Nervous and embarrassed you quickly look away and pretend to read you book. There is still a strong breeze still so there is little hope that you can concentrate on the pages in front of you, no matter how hard you try. Moments pass and your embarrassment subsides as a tingly feeling grown in your pussy. You crave to look at his cock again and adjust you book in front of you so you can sneak a glance.

From his learned back position, he sees you trying your hardest to secretly catch a peak. He spreads his legs open slowly causing his cock to move forward against his shorts. Lost in the moment, you bring your hand to your mouth, as your curled index finger parts your lips. Focused on his crotch, you lower your book unknowingly. He slides his hand over his cock and starts to rub his cock thru his shorts. You snap back and look at his face seeing him looking right at your face with a smile. The tingling grows even more in your pussy as you wonder what he would do if you touched it. Wanting to reach your hand out and rub it, you think to yourself how crazy this is and lean back against the bench and open your book. He still stares at you as he rubs his cock. You glance over a few times and see him still rubbing himself, and then he slides closer on the bench.

He reaches and lightly touches your elbow, pulling it slightly towards him. Trying to focus on your book, his hand pulls your hand on top of his cock. You rub it instinctively and put your book down to look at your hard as you rub him. In your movements, you cause his shorts to rise up his leg and clearly see the head of his hard penis poke through the bottom. You hear a few runners coming down the path and move your hand away. When they pass, the man reaches in his waistband and pulls his cock out. You look in amazement at the size as it stands straight up it the air, pressing against his shirt from the constricting waistband. He reaches and pulls your hand back to his now exposed cock. As you run your hand over the shaft, slowly jerking his shaft, you spread your legs slightly. The short sundress you are wearing raises up your legs slightly, the man reach his arm around your back and lays his hand on your shoulder. He puts the towel on his lap to block and view of his cock from the public and then pulls your shoulder down, moving your head closer to his cock. Inches from your face, you open your mouth and follow his encouragement by taking his cock head between your lips. You swirl your tongue over the head as he slide his hand inside you sundress and massages your breast.

You slowly start to bob your head, taking more and more of his long shaft inside your warm mouth. You curl your legs on the bench and his hand instantly leaves your hard nipple and pulls the back of your dress over your ass, then slides his hand down your smooth skin of your back and inside your panties, down your ass checks and over you pussy lips. Hi finger slides between your lips and over your wet hole. You moan over his cock in your mouth and he slides a finger inside your eager hole. As he enters you, you lift your head from his cock and a stroke it as your moan softly trying not to draw attention from anyone close. You return sucking his cock and he inserts another finger to fuck your pussy. Hearing more people coming down the path again you reluctantly straight yourself up on the bench while the man covers his cock inside his shirt.

When they pass, he softly says "take off your panties". You lift your ass off the bench a little and hook your fingers into the waistband and slowly slide your panties over your ass and down your legs as discreetly as you can. When you get them off from around your feet he instructs you to give them to him. You comply as you hand them over. He brings them up to his nose, sniffing them before putting them in his shorts pocket.

He leans back on the bench he brings his cock back from within his shirt. He instructs you to get up and stand turned around in front of you. Getting up you stand there, your ass pointed in his direction. He lifts your dress from behind as runs his hands between your legs, before sliding his fingers back in your pussy, wetting them with your juices before withdrawing them and rubbing your clit. After a few moments he pulls you backwards and slowly aims his cock as you position you ass on his lap. Once you manage to have his cock head pressed against your opening, you squat down further and take his cock inside you. Sitting on is lap you bounce up and down as discreetly as you can. He reaches under your dress and starts to rub your clit, you lean back into him and he wraps his arm around your waist and starts to pump hard inside you. Another runner comes down the path but luckily he does not seem to notice you on the bench. 

You cover your mouth to silence your moans as you feel your body start to orgasm. He continues to rub your clit furiously as you cum, leaning all your weight into him as your legs lift off the ground and tremble. Your contracting pussy slows his cock from continuing his hard fucking. As your body quivers from cumming, he cups both breast in his hands and massages them over you dress. Your already hard nipples poke harder against the soft fabric as the friction continues to send more pleasure thru your body. As you place your feet back on the ground, you lean forward buries deeper inside, he lifts your dress exposing your bare bottom as he slaps your ass once, then another as your look over your shoulder from the pleasant surprise. He pulls you by the hair and whispers for you to walk behind the bench. Bracing your hands on his legs, you slowly ease up as his cock slides slowly out of your soaked pussy. 

Walking behind the bench, he stands up holding the towel over his cock as he follows behind you. He places the towel on the backing of the bench, places a hand on your shoulder and bends you over. You brace your hands on the bench as you head and neck hang over the edge. He covers you head with the towel so any onlookers don't see what is going on. He lifts the back of your dress again and slides his cock back into your eager pussy. He starts to fuck you hard, slowly withdrawing and then thrusting hard and deep back inside. Your moans grow louder and louder with each thrust. He pauses, as you wonder why as suddenly something is shoved in your mouth. By the feel and size you realize it's your panties that were shoved in your mouth and he starts pumping his cock deep and hard again, your moans softened by the makeshift mouth gag.

You hear the faint sound of people coming down the path, hoping they don't catch you in your current state, but can't see anything with the towel over your head. Trying to hold back from moaning as your orgasm builds, hopping not to be caught, but the assault on your pussy only picks up as he quickens his strokes. Soon you cum, knees buckle and your pussy squeezes tightly around the cock that is still fucking you. He leans on top of you letting out a soft long moan as his cum spurts inside you. You feel the first hot blast and quickly feel the hot jizz spreading throughout the inside of your pussy as he shoots more and more inside you, your tightening pussy milking him of every drop as he slowly continues to pumps his softening shaft. Holding his now soft cock inside you, he tells you to get on your knees as he stands straight up. His cock plops out followed by a rush of cum that flows down your leg. Your turn and kneel quickly, as he pulls the panties from your mouth and shoving his wet cock into your mouth. Swirling your tongue all around it and sucking your lips tightly, you clean off his cock from his cum and your juices.

He pulls out and tucks his clean cock back in his shorts. He hands you the towel to wipe the cum from your legs, then hands puts your panties back in his pocket, grabs hi towel and walks back onto the path.

When he is almost out of sight, you stand up and grab your book, you can feel a slow stream of cum slowly work down your legs but smile knowing it should be an interesting walk home.