 It was a typical Wednesday night after work. I'd met up with the guys for our weekly bowling league. As we usually did after finishing, we'd gone into the bar for a couple of beers before heading home. What wasn't typical, was I noticed the same rather attractive woman sitting at the bar again. I had seen her last week sitting in what I thought might have been the very same stool by the bar. Then...she'd been wearing a tight fitting, deep cut "V" neck tee shirt that had hinted at a considerable amount of cleavage, along with a tight pair of white slacks that likewise hinted at very long legs. She had smiled at me, and I had smiled back. But nothing came of it. Even when she finished her drink, walked to the door, she had stopped for a moment looking back at me, smiling again. And then left. I had sat there wondering, "Was that an invite?" 

I decided it was my own imagination working overtime, and remained in the booth with my buddies, enjoying another beer before I left heading for home. Walking down into the covered parking, I actually did look around for her, but she wasn't there. I shook my head deciding it had been nothing more than wishful thinking on my part, and drove home.

Now, a week later, here she was again. This time wearing what appeared to be a peasant blouse, her shoulders bare, another hint at her full breasts simply by the way her blouse fell over them. She was also wearing jeans this time, which looked damn sexy on her. With dark shoulder length hair, smoldering dark eyes, which must have been brown in color, we sat smiling at one another again, nodding heads in some sort of mutual greeting. Though who she was, or why she was there eluded me. I certainly hadn't seen her bowling out there, and I know I would have noticed had she been. For whatever reason, she was just simply sitting at the bar and I surmised that she perhaps lived or worked close to the bowling alley, and simply stopped in for a quick drink before going home. And, just as she'd done last week, she finished her drink, passing by the booth we were sitting in, and smiled at me once again, this time allowing her eyes to linger a bit, actually traveling down between my legs as though she had x-ray vision and could see through the tabletop. She passed by heading towards the door. I followed her turning, trying not to be too obvious about it in front of my friends. Once again she stopped at the doorway, briefly looking in my direction, and then headed off down the stairs towards the underground parking area.

"Well guys...sorry to cut this short tonight, but I have an early morning meeting that I need to go home and prepare for!"

And though they tried to get me to stick around for "just one more beer," I declined, and then stood telling them all goodnight, and made my way down the steps towards the covered parking area. Only a minute or so behind her, I hoped that I'd at least catch her driving out and then have some idea of what car she was driving so I could look for it next week. If in fact she even came here again.

I needn't have worried. She was waiting for me.

Oddly enough, she was standing next to her car on the driver's side. Parked at the far end of the underground lot where the lights weren't quite so bright. Very few cars were parked anywhere's near close to hers either, another oddity. And though it was a reasonably safe neighborhood, especially this early in the evening, I found it strange that she would have purposely parked where she had. My own car considerably closer as I began heading towards it...sort of. My head still turned towards her, looking for some sort of further invite, or purpose for her to be standing there watching me. "Waiting for me?" I then asked myself.

She was driving a black Toyota Avalon, nice car and I likewise noticed it had fairly dark tinted windows. As I continued to angle over towards my car, she stepped around hers towards the trunk. Her movement alerting me to the fact she had been waiting for me, so I changed direction and began heading her way. She smiled upon seeing that, stepping back around to the driver's side of the car though without getting in. Only this time, she opened the door...the door to the backseat, not the front.

"Get in," she said simply nodding for me to do the same on the passenger side. So I did.

I slid in next to her on the backseat, closing the door as the overhead lights winked out. "Hi," I said curious...

"Hi, let me see your cock."

"Wow!" I laughed nervously, now wondering if I wasn't on some sort of Candid camera program or something. "Shouldn't we at least introduce ourselves first?" I asked.

"No...no names. I don't want to know your name, or tell you what mine is either. What I do want...is to see your cock. Unless of course you're not interested. If you're not, then we need to part company, here and now."

I wasn't even hard yet...though in moments I knew I would be. I began to unbuckle, which is when she leaned over, taking over for me, pushing my hands away. "No, let me," she said forcefully as I gave it up and allowed her to finish unbuckling my jeans, likewise unzipping my fly as her hands then dove in, seeking and immediately finding my still somewhat flaccid cock...taking it out. "I like it when they're not fully hard yet," she smiled...putting me at ease just a little. "I like watching, making them grow," she then added as she continued to fondle it, even waggling it about a little, still floppy-soft, though what she was doing still felt really nice. Of course, the fact that a very attractive, nameless woman was actually fondling my cock to begin with was nice all by itself. And...it was quickly getting hard too. "Oh yes, very nice...very, very nice!" She said obviously pleased as my prick soon stood fully erect within her still caressing hands. "Do you...come a lot?" She now asked curiously.

"Ah...sometimes, I guess...yes."

"Good, I like watching a nice hard cock spurt...love seeing it, especially if they squirt a lot, so hopefully you will," she said as she now began to purposely pump my prick up and down. Let me know when you're getting close," she told me.

Just a few more precious minutes of this, and I would be. Still sitting there in disbelief as this attractive woman, this stranger, sat in the back seat of her car jerking me off.

"I'm ah...getting pretty fucking close," I warned her, hearing her chuckle. 

"Good...you're not a prude at least. I was hoping you wouldn't be. I like talking dirty, filthy, and I love hearing it, so glad you're not queasy or shy about saying fuck," she stated, though now she surprised me further as she suddenly quit working my cock. I was milliseconds away from shooting my load, though she'd worked a bit of magic on my balls too, suddenly delaying the inevitable. Now she sat back in her seat again and reached down, removing the blouse she had on. I sat mesmerized, watching her as she did so, now reaching around back, unclasping her bra which came away in her hands.

She had gorgeous, incredible tits that were now revealed to me. Twin globes, fairly good-sized, at least a "C" cup by my quick evaluation that hung heavy against her chest. Each one was capped by a rather large areola, dark in color, almost the size of a small pancake, and alluring as hell. I'd never seen larger areolas on anyone, not to mention her thumb-sized nipples, which were hard, sticking out a good inch, or so it seemed. She reached up, taking each one in her fingers, pinching them and rolling them around. She had even held onto them, stretching them, lifting her heavy breasts away from her ribcage as she did so.

"Fuck!" I moaned audibly watching her do this, once again hearing her chuckle.

"Making you horny is it? Watching me play with my own tits?"

"Hell...I mean, fuck yes," I amended, going for the more decadent term since she obviously enjoyed hearing that.

"Make you squirt even bigger for me then? Maybe?"

"No doubt," I moaned feeling my cock throb now with eager anticipation.

Once again she reached over taking it in her hands, squeezing it. As she did, a rather nice dollop of pre-cum fuck juice emerged from the head. She smeared it around the super-sensitive head of my dick, thumbing it. "Like that?" She asked, the lust easily being heard in her tone of voice now, as she did so again...now smearing the next bubble of juice directly against and onto her thick hard nipples.

"Oh fuck," was all I could moan by way of an answer, though once again pleasing her that I'd said that.

"I'm really looking forward to watching you drench my tits," she informed me. "I so love seeing a man's hard fucking cock spurting, squirting...nice and messy, creamy...all over these," she said now wrapping them around my prick as she began using those to masturbate me with. "If you cum a lot...we may do this again next week."

I was suddenly glad I hadn't had sex, or even jerked off in three days now. As horny as I was, and as good as this felt...I was pretty confident I'd give her what she was hoping for. Once again, I warned her I was nearly there. This time, she just grinned, expectantly, though she went back to using her hand, now aiming it directly at her tits.

"Squirt for me baby, spunk me...cream my tits, drench them, saturate them, spurt all over me sweetie, cum for me!"

I was only too happy to oblige. The first rope of semen shot out of the end of my dick so forcefully that it actually took her by surprise. She squealed delightedly upon seeing it, squeezing my dick again in a most delightful way, almost as though cutting it off, building pressure again before releasing, pumping, which quite naturally produced another equally copious discharge against her tits.

Once again she cried out in delight, aiming my prick against her tits, unloading what felt like a deluge of spunk splattering against them. Even when the forceful jettisons of cream seemed to diminish, she continued slapping my still gurgling cock against her nipples quite hard. Spittle's of cum juice flying everywhere as she continued to milk my cock, now rubbing the head of it directly against her hard swollen nipples. Now satisfied, she sat back, surveying the damages, obviously pleased. Rivers of spunk ran down between her breasts, some clinging now to the gentle slopes of each, hanging like icicles melting, droplets falling, now staining her jeans. She didn't seem to mind, and actually took delight in that as well, though she quickly speared some of the still flowing rivers, re-adding that back to her breasts again.

"You own a cock-ring?" She now asked, still fondling her breasts, massaging in my spunk to them as she sat there.

I knew what one was, but I didn't have one. "No...I don't," I said simply, my cock still sticking out, though it had now gone flaccid just a bit, happy and content, another bubble of cum clinging to the tip. She saw that, swiped it up with her finger and sucked it off.

"Hmmm, tasty. Get one. Wear it next week...while you bowl," she informed me. "Same place...same time then," she said and simply reached over, opening her car door. She didn't even bother to cover up, her discarded blouse and bra still sitting in the back seat as she now opened her driver's door, sliding in. I now opened mine, stepping out after buckling and zipping myself up. It was hard to see her behind the tinted windows, though she now electrically rolled my window half way down. It was hot as hell seeing her sitting there behind the steering wheel, bare breasted, her tits actually glistening.

"I need to go. Be here...next week, and don't forget the cock-ring!" With that, she rolled the window back up, started the car, and within seconds began backing out. I stepped away, watching, just getting the briefest of glimpses at her now as the front of the car faced me. The windows weren't nearly as darkly tinted, and it was quite obvious she was sitting there naked, or at least topless behind the wheel. She obviously didn't care, driving off moments later, leaving me to stand there and finally ask myself.

"What the fuck just happened?"

**

It seemed like an eternity before the next week came around again. I found I'd been anxiously looking forward to it more than I thought. Between girlfriends at the moment, last week had been for me, a nice pleasant surprise. Obviously no strings, no commitment, though it was weird not having any real knowledge as to who she was, if she was married etc. I made a mental note to have a look at her hands this time, though after what she'd done last week, her being married wouldn't have fazed me either. If all she wanted was to give me a nice sloppy hand-job and have me squirt all over her tits, I was good with that.

I had pulled into the underground parking garage, immediately looking over to where she had parked last time, though her car wasn't there. What bothered me however, was how full the lot was, even this early. I soon discovered that in addition to the weekly league, some company had planned a bowling party for their employee's, so all the lanes were busy and in use. I began bowling, trying to keep an eye out for her, but I never did. And unfortunately, because of that, I really wasn't concentrating on my game either. I think I bowled the worse I ever had, my buddies initially joking about it, but then as things progressed, and got worse, they began giving me the evil-eye, grumbling.

"What the hell's up with you tonight Steve? You're way off your game here. Something bothering you?" One of my friends asked.

"Just work, got a lot going on at the moment, a lot on my mind. Sorry that I let you guys down," I said as we began picking up, putting our balls away, and preparing to head back into the bar for our after game drinks. Though the guys weren't nearly as jovial tonight as they usually were. All because of me. And...as we entered the bar, I likewise noticed "she" wasn't there, wasn't in her seat, or anywhere's else for that matter either. Though it was busy, more so than usual with so many having come here to bowl tonight. Dejected, disappointed even, the guys took that as my own guilt at having let the team down tonight.

"Don't worry about it Steve, happens to all of us one time or another. "You'll get it back next week...we'll cream those guys!"

I was thinking cream, but not the way he'd meant it when suddenly I looked up, saw her walk in through the other door, stopping briefly at the cigarette machine. She bought a pack, lifted it out of the tray and looked at me, smiled briefly and then sauntered by going out the opposite doors. The ones leading to the steps, which in turn led to the underground garage.

I stood up, not even bothering to finish my beer. "Once again, sorry I let you guys down tonight," I stated, and then bid them all a goodnight, walking out acting...and perhaps even looking dejectedly, though inside...I was grinning from ear to ear, my heart already beating wildly, the cock in my pants hardening, though it had been that way a good portion of the evening. Especially having purchased, and still wearing that cock ring she'd asked me to get.

I walked down the stairs immediately looking over to where she had parked the last time, but her car wasn't there of course, someone else's car was, though like I said, it was pretty busy tonight. I glanced about, now spotting it...more towards the middle, sandwiched between two other cars. Not a good thing. But I also noticed upon doing that, the nearest overhead light was out. Whether she had done that herself, or was lucky enough to have parked closer towards it would remain a mystery. Though my own car was parked a goodly distance away from hers, I ambled over towards it, still not seeing her as she hadn't stepped out, though arriving, peering closely inside, I could see she was already in the backseat waiting for me. Sure enough the door wasn't locked as I took a quick furtive peek about ensuring no one was watching me when I did this. I opened the door, slid in. She already had her blouse and bra off.

"Don't have as much time tonight, also...it's pretty damn busy too," she added actually sounding a little nervous, which was a surprise to me. But then she smiled and seemed to settle down some, already fingering her hard tipped nipples with her hands looking at me. "Well? You wearing it?"

I smiled back, unbuckled, unbuttoned, and unzipped. I hadn't worn any briefs, my cock now hard as a rock, the cock ring nicely settled, fitting around the base. She almost seemed to purr looking at it before reaching over to fondle my extremely hard, extremely swollen dick. Even the head of my cock seemed bigger, the head swollen purple like a plum. 

"Oh yes...very good, very nice. Nice big hard fucking cock!" She stated. "Going to come nice and big for me again?" She asked hopefully.

"Count on it," I answered. "I didn't even cum once since last week," I told her honestly. "I was saving it all for this."

That one she truly grinned at. "Very nice," she said again. "And since you've done that for me...I'm going to do something a little special for you tonight as well, though like I said, we don't have quite as much time as I would like...especially where we are, so closely parked and all. But...I've been anxious, and thinking about this all week myself," she paused as she then reached down, easily sliding the far more comfortable looking pair of slacks she had on, that obviously had an expanded waist, allowing her to remove them quite easily. Like me...she wasn't wearing any underwear either. And I was surprised upon seeing her pussy. Unlike most women these days, though trimmed, shortly cropped, she had more of the traditional furred little triangle. Dark haired, matching perfectly the color of her own long flowing hair. She now scooted over more towards the corner, facing towards me, one leg on the floor, the other up on the seat as she reached down, spreading herself, showing me her swollen, slick looking labia, and what appeared to be a rather nice sized clit, equally stiff and glistening with honey dew.

"Ok, jerk it off...squirt on me. Here," she said spreading herself even more, giving me a glimpse of the dark recess of the unknown hidden passage between her legs. "I want you to squirt all over my cunt...bathe me in it tonight, make me messy as all fuck, so I can feel it dripping between my legs as I drive home tonight."

I began doing just that, working my cock, taking some measure of delight in doing so for her, jerking myself off while she watched, while she in turn played with her clit, pinching and pulling on it much like she had her nipples the week before. I could hear her now too, the sounds of her super-slick juicy pussy as she shoved her fingers inside, working herself now. The obscene squishy noises she was making, which I now added to. Squeezing my own dick, producing some nice lubrication, smearing that around myself, slicking up my own cock, purposely milking it, squishing it so that she could hear the sounds my own cock was now making in addition to her own.

"Oh yeah, perfect! I like hearing that. Almost more than speaking dirty, just listening to your cock getting squishy is almost as good as hearing you say fuck, cunt, or cock."

"How about prick? Pussy? Snatch? Twat?" I offered, seeing her smile, hearing her as she pounded her cunt even more than she had been.

"Perfect," she said again. "Only hurry...I need to see it, watch you...feel it. Feel you spraying my cunt...my snatch, my pussy...my twat," she repeated back. "I need to feel you fucking coming all over me!"

"Damn!" I said then, glancing up, seeing someone else having entered the garage area, actually heading our way.

"What?"

"Someone's...someone's coming this way!" I informed her sinking back down in my seat a little. Even with the tinted windows, anyone purposely looking over, and then in...could still see movement.
