 5:55 PM. 

She shuts off her computer, throws her phone and car keys into her bag and darts toward the elevator. 

He checks his watch and looks through his closet again, trying on his third button-up shirt.

6:13 PM. 

She runs up the steps to her house and bolts through her door and up the stairs to her room.

He decides on the blue, gray and white striped button-up because he knows it brings out his eyes. Tonight he wants them to be lethal.

6:36 PM.

She hops out of the shower, quickly dries herself off and skips back to her room. She had mentally picked out her dress while showering. She reaches for her white spaghetti-strapped sundress and a short-sleeve blue cardigan sweater. It was her favorite outfit. It's both incredibly comfortable and flattering in just the right places. 

He checks his watch and the clock on his wall. He wants to make sure he isn't late for their first official date. But, he thought, I don't want to arrive too early and make her feel like I'm rushing her. He looks at his watch again.

6:50 PM.

She double-checks her make up in the bathroom mirror and combs her hair through once more. She could feel butterflies in her stomach already. She goes downstairs and pours herself a half glass of water.

He pulls his car into her driveway very slowly and puts it in park. He turns the ignition off. 10 minutes early. He decides to sit and wait. He could feel his heart beating faster. Breathe, she already likes you. His mind wanders back to the day they were in his room. He could picture her beautiful eyes and full lips. He could feel his dick hardening, when suddenly, she knocked on his car window. 

He jolted from the window and she laughed. She didn't expect to scare him. He rolls down the window. 

"What are you doing? Why are you sitting in your car?" She asked, curiously.

"I...got here early. Didn't want to rush you. I was going to wait till 7 to..." She ran around to the passenger side and plopped into the seat next to him. "...get you."

"Well, you've got me now. Where are you going to take me?" 

He can't help but stare at her. "First off, wow." She smiles, and brushes her hair back behind her ear. "Thanks. You clean up pretty well yourself." 

The corner of his mouth smirks up and his dimples dance on the corners of his smile. "Second, I was thinking we could catch the new Jet Li mov..."

"YES! How'd you know I wanted to see that??"

"Well.. you've been talking about it in class for weeks now. I do know how to take a hint."

Excitedly, she fastens her seat belt, "Let's go then!"

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- They stand in line together to buy the tickets. When they get to the front, they both take out their wallets. 

"Nope. My treat," he says as he gently pushes her hand holding her wallet down. She opens her mouth to protest, but ends in a sigh instead.

"If you insist... Maybe I'll pay you back with something else later," she winks at him, until she catches the eye of the ticket-seller. She could feel her face flush red with embarrassment. 

He smiles and fakes a cough, "Thanks," he says to the ticket-seller handing him his change back. He places his hand on the small of her back and guides her away from the sales counter and towards their theater. "Don't worry about it. It'll give him something to fantasize about tonight." 

They walk into their theater and scan for good seats. It's surprisingly full. All the seats in the back were taken by rowdy teenagers and other couples who were already making out.

"Come on. Over there," he reaches for her hand without thinking and leads her to their seats, five rows from the back toward the center. When they sit down, he and she realize they are holding hands. She intertwines her fingers with his.

"I love your hands," she leans in to whisper in his ear, "When I touch myself, I imagine your hands... your fingers deep inside of me, feeling how wet I am..." She leans back slightly and looks into his eyes with a naughty twinkle, biting her lower lip. The lights start to dim. He lightly touches her cheek with the other hand and draws her into a kiss. Her heart is pounding with excitement. She could sense his heart beating quickly too. His hand reaches under her hair and cups the back of her neck, pulling her into his hungry kiss. She could feel the heat growing between her legs. "Damn, he is so hot," floats through her mind, while her lips and tongue try to keep up with his ravishing rhythm. 

A bright explosion lights up the screen and they snap back to reality. They look into each other's eyes and both smile mischievously as they lean back in their seats to begin watching the movie. 

She found it hard to concentrate on the storyline with him sitting so close. She put her hand on the armrest. He put his hand over hers. His fingers lightly stroke the grooves between her fingers, sending tingles up her arm and down her spine. Her chest heaves as she tries to contain how horny he's made her. She could feel her panties soaking through and her nipples straining against her dress. 

He can see the effect he's having on her. She bites her bottom lip, closes her eyes and tilts her head back, trying to regain composure. He carefully reaches out with the hand further away and brushes against her breast. He could hear her gasp in a breath of air. He continues to massage her breast and flick at her nipple through the fabric. She wants to stop him for fear of getting caught, but she feels powerless to the sensations. 

Her eyes try in vain to focus on the action on the screen. She could feel the heat within her building up. She grips his hand and pulls it into her lap. Watching her become so hot and bothered, he can't help his own erection. He leans close to nibble on her ear. His hot breath sends her over the edge. She writhes in her seat, knees swaying right and left, her chest heaving. As her orgasm subsides, she sits back up in her seat and adjusts her clothes and hair. She can't believe she just came with him barely touching her. 

He could sense her body relaxing, her grip on his hand loosening. He rests his hand on her thigh and begins to massage it through her dress. She slouches back down, letting the dress ride up to reveal her bare thigh. She likes the feeling of his warm hand on her flesh. She rests her head on his shoulder as they finish watching the movie. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- The end credits roll and the lights come back on. 

"So what'd you think of the movie?" he asks.

"I liked it... I think," she smiles sheepishly, "I'll have to re-watch it when it comes out on DVD."

He laughs, "Yeah, I'll watch it with you again."

They stand up to exit the theater. Once out in the parking lot, the air has cooled and temperatures have dropped. She hugs herself to keep warm. He hadn't brought a jacket, so he draped his arm around her shoulders and led her to his car. 

She leans back against the car door and lightly rests her hands on his chest. She glides them up to the lapel of his shirt and pulls him in til their lips almost touch. "I just wanted to say..." her mouth presses against his, her tongue teasing his, "thank you...for the movie...and for the uh..."

He tries to stand straight and clears his throat to answer her, but he could only picture the look on her face when she came. Cough. Achem. "I'm glad you liked it. The movie, I mean." He opens the car door and she slips into the seat. He goes around and gets in. 

"Where to next?" She ponders. 

"You hungry?" He asks.

"Not particularly, but I could go for a coffee."

"Good idea. Do you have any preference? S-------- or D------?"

"Let's go to D-------. Something irks me about S--------. No offense if you like it."

"Nah, I don't have a preference."

As they drove over, they started to talk. The car soon filled with sounds of their excited voices and laughter. They asked silly get-to-know-you questions, like "What's your favorite color/food/movie?" and "What are your hobbies?" 

They arrive at D-------, park the car and walk in. 

"Alright, since you treated me to the movie, coffee will be on me," she offers.

He smiles. He admires her spirit. "Okay. I'll take a medium, regular cream and sugar."

"And I'll have a small hot chocolate. Thanks," she hands the money to the cashier. 

"So, you come to a coffee place and order a hot chocolate?" he teases her.

"What? I like hot chocolate."

"Nothing, it's sweet. I mean, it adds to your sweetness. I mean," his tongue and mouth stumbling to get the right order of words out, "You're sweet, is what I mean to say."

She looks at him adoringly. She never thought she could have this affect on him. 

They take their drinks and get back in the car. They sat and continued their conversation and questions. Both nervous and giddy and excited, occasionally stealing quick touches. She leans onto his arm as he talks about his future plans. He twirls her soft hair between his fingers as she tells him about her family. 

He takes one more sip of his coffee only to realize his cup is already empty. He checks his watch. "Oh crap, I should get you home. It's past 1 am already."

"Seriously?" she checks her own watch and heaves a sigh, "You're right."

They arrive at her house, and he gets out to walk her to her door. He watches her hips sway as she walks in front of him up the steps. Mmm..I wish I could get behind her... She looks over her shoulder and catches him staring at her ass. They stand in front of her door. She reaches for his hand and pulls him closer, putting his hand on the curve on her waist. She leans in close to his face. She could feel his breath on her cheek. His heart is beating fast. For a second, his mind battles between taking things slow to show her respect and how much he cares about her, and tearing her clothes off and getting his hands on her ass. She lightly touches his jawline and presses her lips against his. He closes his eyes, No reason I can't do both. He pulls her tight against his body and fiercely returns her kiss. She's a little taken aback, but incredibly turned on by his sudden aggressiveness. He pushes her up against her door. They briefly break the kiss, both breathing heavily, his leg pressed up against her, between her legs. She looks into his blue eyes and it just comes out, she whispers, "I want you." Hearing her words pushed his excitement up to a new level, and he pulls her in for another kiss. 

"Is anyone home?" he asks through labored breath.

"No, I don't think so," she reaches in her bag for her keys and turns around to unlock the door. They walk in together. She steps toward the kitchen table to put her things down. He closes the door behind him and strides up behind her, placing both his hands on the sides of her hips. He nuzzles his nose behind her ear, down her neck, kissing and nibbling down and across her shoulder. She could feel her knees buckling from the sensations. Her whole body is on fire. She places her hands on the table to keep herself up. Her body involuntarily arches, pressing her ass into his growing hard-on. He runs his hand down the side of her leg and back up her inner thigh, landing at her sopping wet panties. He rubs her through her panties. The more he rubs, the wetter they become. Soaked through. She writhes, moans erupting from her throat. She turns around and meets his assault of kisses with her own heat and passion. She claws at his chest and back, pulling at the buttons, frantically unbuttoning. He cups his hands under her thighs and lifts her onto the table, legs spread, her dress pushed up to her hips. He hooks her panties to the side and glides one finger inside her dripping pussy. "Fuuuck," she gasps, her chest heaving. He pulls his finger out and puts it in her mouth. She licks her own juices hungrily. He pulls the straps of her dress and bra down, pushing sown the top half of her dress, revealing her perky, light brown nipples. His mouth descends upon them, lapping the right one, then the left. She wraps her hands around his head as he sucks and nibbles her erect sensitive nipples. She can't hold it in much longer. She hurries to unfasten his pants, occasionally snaking her hand in to grasp at his hard cock. He devours her neck, trailing up to her ear, while his hands pull his engorged member out. She rubs the drop of precum around the head of his shaft with her thumb. He pulls her hips closer to the edge of the table, pulls her panties off to the side, and pushes the tip inside her. She wraps her legs around his waist, pulling him closer, plunging his hard dick deep into her. He rapidly thrusts into her. The table shakes underneath her. She could feel her own quake building. 

"You feel so hot," he whispers, holding her body close. 

His hot breath on her ear releases her. Her breathing quickens and he could feel her whole body begin to tense. She grabs onto his shoulder as the waves ride out inside of her. He could feel her clenching hard against his member, still buried deep inside her. He picks up the pace after she subsides, thrusting long, deep strokes into her. She pulls his head in for a kiss when he slows down and rakes her hand through her sweat-filled hair. She settles her feet to the floor, standing close, rubbing his chest with her fingers. She takes him by the hand and pulls him upstairs toward her room. She pushes him on the bed and sheds off her remaining clothes. He kicks his pants off and throws his shirt to the floor. She kneels in front of him. Her hands massage the shaft while her tongue circles the tip twice before she envelops his cock far down her throat. His head falls back as he moans and gasps uncontrollably. Her mouth leaves the shaft to suck and lick his balls. "Aahhhhh..." he squeals. He's never had his balls orally pleasured before. 

She climbs onto his lap, grinding her clit up along his shaft. He pulls her breast into his mouth, sucking at her nipple, gently nibbling at first, while his other hand pinches her other nipple. She likes the roughness. He could feel her wetness smearing his cock. He lifts her and brings her down, fully penetrating her. Her hips start rocking back and forth, bringing him in and out. He lifts her up and lies her down on the bed. She pulls him close, "I want you behind me." He smirks at her request and pulls out to flip her over. She gets on all fours and arches her back down, waving her ass, beckoning him to ram his rod inside her. He does so, vigorously thrusting in and out. He picks up the speed, making her squeal into the bed. She's never felt anything so deep. 

Her hands clutch at her bedsheets, "Ohmygod, ohmygod, OH," her whole body clenches as her orgasm erupts. He could feel her pulsating around his cock. He grabs onto her hips and pulls her back, thrusting himself forward. One more and he cums, unloading everything. He leans down, planting kisses down her spine. His head spins, as does hers. They both collapse on the bed, next to each other, panting. 

Once his breathing returns to normal, he brushes her back from her face and moves in, planting kisses on her nose, eyes and cheeks. She closes her eyes to accept each one, curling in close to him. 

"You should probably go," she says, looking up into his eyes. 

"But...I...what? Really?" he asks.

She bites her bottom lip. 

He tries to read her eyes. "You don't want me to go. I'll stay and make you breakfast in the morning," he says, lifting her chin with his forefinger knuckle. She smiles at him and crawls under the covers, lifting them up to invite him in. She rests her head on his shoulder, his arm draped over hers and they fall asleep.