 This is what happens when my mind has idle moments. As always, this story is fiction and any resemblance to people alive or dead is unintentional. 

Hope you enjoy.

*****

They didn't know each other, had never met before tonight. He was visiting the city on business and she; well, she hadn't given him her story yet. And oddly that was okay, more than okay actually. It was part of the thrill, part of the appeal. She had introduced herself as Kyla, though he doubted that was even her real name. He had introduced himself as Jack and he had most definitely made that up in the moment. They sat in a comfortable lounge in the heart of Toronto, quiet and relatively intimate, the kind of private club you could only find if you knew where to look - and only get in if you had the password. He'd had a devil of a time finding it, there were no signs posted outside... a friend had given him the address and the password but hadn't gone so far as to tell him what the entrance looked like. Thankfully, after much pacing and searching, the bouncer had taken pity on him opening the door and asking him what he was looking for. 

Inside, he'd ordered a drink at the bar then settled at a table to people watch and get the feel of the place. A piano played off in the corner and offered an underlying soundtrack to the evening. He appreciated that the piano man understood the mood of the place and worked to enhance it rather than change it. People in the know arrived and before long the small club had begun to fill. That was when Kyla had found him. He'd seen her at the bar getting her drink, short flowing skirt drawing attention to long, athletic stocking clad legs. He was a 'leg' man and in his mind, this was a true work of art. His eyes roamed down those thighs and calves until they reached the black stiletto heels and then began to move back up. 

Legs were his weakness, but that didn't mean he didn't appreciate the rest of the package and as his eyes continued to drift up, he enjoyed the simplicity of the simple white blouse she wore and the way the lace of her bra shone through it. This would be the point he realized she was watching him, watching her. Their eyes met and he blushed in embarrassment. Busted, he thought figuring he'd blown any shot he had with this beauty. 

To say he was stunned when she joined him at his table would be an understatement. 

"Like what you see?" she asked, her sultry voice sending shivers down his spine. 

What the hell, he decided. He'd already been caught. 

"Very much."

"Stand up," she announced and he looked at her quizzically. "You've had a chance to check me out," she explained. "Only fair I get to do the same."

Bemused, he got to his feet and she leaned back to study him appreciatively. 

"Turn." He did as he was told, slightly embarrassed but enjoying the situation. "Very nice," she concluded and he retook his seat. 

"I'm...," he began but was cut off by a finger on his lips. 

"Before you continue," she interrupted. "I'm looking for something in particular."

He cocked an eyebrow, curious as to what she meant and she gave him a reassuring smile before she continued. "I want sex. But more than that, I want mind-blowing, cavity filling passion with no consequences or conditions. I don't want to know your name or where you're from. I don't want to see you later. I don't want breakfast in the morning. Are you interested?"

His cock had stiffened as she spoke, so the question of interest was a moot one. But his cautious side had concerns. 

"I am," he agreed. "But,"

"Butt? If you like," she continued with a smile.

"Cute," he replied with his own smile. "But, I have some questions first." 

"Shoot."

"How do I know you're safe and clean? Is this going to cost me? And how do I know you're not going to drug me and rob me?"

"Smart, I like that," she smiled and reached for her purse, pulling a folded paper from it. "This is my last STD test as proof to whether I'm clean or not." 

He perused the paperwork quickly and it did indeed say she was clean, that didn't mean it was her paperwork or she hadn't picked something up since this last test. But honestly faking it seemed like a lot of pointless effort and it was pretty clear she was careful. 

"As for the rest," she continued. "I'm not asking for money and you're welcome to search me for illicit drugs," she winked at him as she pushed her purse towards him. "In fact a thorough search sounds like it could be fun."

He looked through her purse finding only condoms, cash, a hotel card and a lipstick. She was likely visiting the city on business like he was, he realized as he weighed the options before him. Finally his mind made up, he passed the purse back to her. 

"That sounds like the prefect place to start," he agreed getting up and reaching for her hand. He led her towards the washrooms at the back of the lounge. It was a small club and the washrooms were single person units, which served his needs perfectly. A quick glance around told him they hadn't attracted any particular attention, before they rounded the corner and ducked into the first unoccupied unit. He closed the door behind them, locking it as he did, before turning her back to himself and pushing her up against the wall. 

"Oh," she exclaimed in surprise as his hands roamed freely over her body. "I knew I picked the right guy."

Patting her down had been a spur of the moment inspiration and one he was enjoying thoroughly. He handled her body roughly as he moved over her breasts and stomach, eventually fondling her hips and ass down to her gorgeous legs. Her skirt rode up as his hands moved over her thighs and he could feel the heat emanating from her pussy. Catching hold of her panties, he pulled them aside and slid his fingers into her aroused slit. She moaned as he fingered her, her ass pushed out towards him, her breathing coming faster and faster. He hadn't intended to get her off so soon, but given how she was grinding against his hand he couldn't resist the chance. Pushing faster and harder, he drove his fingers in deep. The tips rubbed hard against the walls of her pussy and, when he hooked them forward, they slammed against her g-spot. She moaned as the climax hit her, the juices of her arousal pouring freely down his hand while her back arched as her muscles stiffened. 

When the climax finally ebbed she nearly collapsed against the wall, her breathing ragged and short. Stepping away from her, he smiled as she turned her head to watch him.

"You're right," he said with a smile. "Searching you was fun."

"The fun's just starting," she replied as she pushed herself away from the wall. "So, my hotel or yours?"

"Mine I guess," he replied as he washed his hands in the small sink. 

As he watched her in the mirror, he saw the mischievous look she wore as she reached up under her skirt and pulled her panties down and off. Smiling she handed them to him.

"These seem to have gotten all wet, so there's really no point in wearing them."

The scent of her arousal was heavy on satiny black material and it brought a smile to his face. 

"This is going to be an interesting night."