 She walk into the bar casting her gaze around the dimly lit room. Catching the eye of the bartender she smiled and a knowing look passed between them. Her arrangement with Jim has always been a mutually beneficial one. He would ring and tell her when an appropriate candidate was in and she would flick him a fifty for his trouble. It was the least she could do considering Jim kept her supplied in anonymous men to satisfy her craving.

The bar was empty except for a lone figure seated at the bar. She allowed her eyes to travel the length of this lonely figure assessing his suitability.

Yes he would do just fine she mused.

She walked slowly up behind the stranger and leaned forward to place a long slow lick to his neck just below his ear, tasting his skin for the very first time.

The stranger startled and began to turn but she whispered, "don't move."

She moved in closer her hard nipples brushing his back through the fabric of her blouse.

She could feel the heat of his skin permeating his shirt warming her body.

She slowly slid her hands up his back to his shoulders and introduced her hot wet mouth to his waiting earlobe. Gently teasing it between her teeth before sucking it into her wanting mouth. He gasps and shudders, his desire urging her on. Her hands slide down the front of his shirt finding access to his chest. She lets her mouth feed on the delicate skin of his neck nibbling and sucking the salty flavor into her mouth.

Her hands find his hard nipples as they glaze across her palms. Her fingers trapped the small hard gems and she began to roll and squeeze them gently causing her stranger to moan.

Moving around to face him, she gives her mouth freedom to works its way up his neck and chin to his eager lips.

Her lips hover before his, her breath hot on his mouth.

She delicately extends her tongue just stroking his bottom lip a little and then takes his lip between her teeth in a gentle bite before sliding her tongue between his lips.

Her soft wet lips meet his tasting his tongue in her mouth stroking it with her teeth before she sucks it hard into her mouth. Their kisses became furtive and heavy as they explored the exquisite sweetness of their passion.

She made short work of removing his shirt and without removing her tongue from his mouth; she escaped her own revealing large poorly contained breasts barely harnessed by the red bra she was wearing. His hands moved around to unleash her breasts allowing them to fall against his chest. Her nipples sitting proud on milky mounds played against his own erect nipples.

She worked her mouth down his neck to his chest sucking and nibbling in delightful moves until it discovered his hot hard nipples.

Circling her tongue around the first, she rolled it gently between her teeth before sucking the juicy morsel into her hot wet mouth. As her mouth worked on her fingers teased the other then quickly exchanging mouth for fingers, she worked the other nipple to its fullest. His hands entangled in her long hair as she worked her mouth down his chest further and further down stopping only to lick and suck the delicate skin by his navel.

She finds herself on her knees before him and gazes up at him. He can see the desire burning in her eyes as a slow sexy smile slips across her face.

Her hands deftly work his jeans undone and at once his manly aroma fills her nostrils and she becomes intoxicated by his sex. His jeans removed and her hot breath against his skin she slips her hands into his briefs desperate to release his cock straining against the fabric.

She gasps and her mouth waters at the sight of his awesome cock knowing that soon it would fill her mouth.

Trembling with anticipation she places a long slow lick up the length of his cock, slowly she traces around the head with the tip of her tongue tasting those precious drops of precum.

Licking her lips, she wraps her wet mouth around his cock and slides her mouth down every delicious inch...

As she slides her mouth down his cock, her hair splayed like fire against his thighs. She draws up curling her tongue around the shaft stroking it to its fullest and as she reaches the top, her tongue teases the ridge of his cock and the ball of her tongue stud flicks over the head playfully teasing. She uses the tip of her tongue to work the special area at the back of the head causing him to moan and weaken at the knee. She thrusts her mouth down feeling him in her throat and begins to work his cock to a delicious rhythm. 

She slides her mouth off his cock her tongue gliding down the shaft but not stopping till she has his tight hot balls in her mouth, first one then the other. Sucking them gently stopping to place little bites and sucks to his inside thighs and gently licking the sensitive skin below his balls

She could feel her pussy soaking her panties and her juices were wetting her thighs. As she continued to work his cock in her mouth she slipped her fingers past her g string to stroke her hot wet clit, she nearly cum right there she was so ripe, removing her fingers she smeared her hot cum over his cock before sucking it off. Fuck how she loved the taste of her cum. She stood up kissing her stranger with fully-fledged passion offering her wet fingers to his mouth.

He grabbed her laying her down on a table before ripping her skirt and panties off.

He didn't need to open her legs as she had them spread already waiting for his mouth to work its magic.

He buried his face between her thighs lapping up her sweet hot juices which flowed freely she arched her back and thrust her hips up to meet his waiting tongue feeling his mouth suckling her clit and his fingers slid into her quivering pussy.

He felt the muscles tighten around his fingers as he brought her to near climax then stopped pulling her up to kiss him.

She sucked the cum juices from his tongue while forcing him down to the ground.

Swinging her leg over his hips she sat poised taking his raging cock and slid it across her clit teasing the head in to her pussy just a little before sliding it forward again over her clit. She repeated this cycle of teasing several times till he was begging for satisfaction

She took his cock a positioned it by her waiting pussy and thrust down taking the full length inside her. They both moaned in unison and she began rocking her hips in rhythm with his thrusts, her pussy stroking his cock in a manner similar to her mouth.

Thrusting up harder and faster she screamed with the sheer passion of it all feeling herself preparing to cum.

In a single quick move he had her flipped on her back and pinned a leg back to watch his swollen cock disappear into her wet pussy. Each stroke, smooth and complete, sinking deeper into her. His hips, rocking back and forth, drove his cock home harder and faster. In between long strokes, he would quicken his rhythm delivering fast hard jabs knowing how they intensified the stimulation to her inner parts before settling back to deep full strokes.

He grabbed at her breast squeezing her nipple as she began to cum. "fuck me baby, harder, fuck so I forget I have ever been touched" she screamed.

He felt hot juices squirt out over his cock and balls and run down his thighs as he pounded harder feeling his own orgasm threaten to explode. Reaching below his cock, he slid his finger over her hot wet ass. Observing her excited response, he worked his finger into her tight hot hole gently but firmly matching the rhythm of his cock. He could feel her muscles trembling against his finger as she was gripped by a powerful orgasm.

He gasped and moaned as he shot his load deep into her pussy, which was clamped tight around his cock. He continued to thrust, reveling in the sumptuous wetness of her pussy until her climax and spasms subsided, collapsing exhausted beside her.

Trembling from the intensity of her orgasm, she struggled to sit but she knew what she wanted. Lowering her mouth to his spent cock she began to suck their combined cum from his sensitive cock savoring every little drop.

When she was sure she had it all she stood looking around for her clothes and began to dress.

He spoke to her for the first time to ask if he could see her again.

"No baby, this is a oncer" she spoke, struggling to form words.

She smiled and kissed him goodbye before handing the bartender a fifty, "thanks for the tip-off Jim."

No worries babe, see you next time he said with a wink, watching her as she leaves the naked stranger to collect himself on the floor.