 For the last 3 years of high school, Mr. Grayson's been her math teacher. He always made sure she sat at the front of his class so that he may gaze upon her as she blossomed into the lovely young woman she's become. For a teacher and student, they are rather close though. She's gotten to know him over the years and even stays after school quite often to help him sort through his papers.

They both are aware of their attraction to each other, but they never wanted to risk anything that could permanently tear them apart. A 34 year old like himself has plenty of patience and it's finally paid off.

Today is her 18th birthday.

Her parents are taking her out camping over the weekend but today she'll be having a party with all her friends. Mr. Grayson was invited of course but he figures he's not up to socializing with teenagers.

The bell rings during his moment of contemplation. It's the final bell of the day and everyone in the class is in a hurry to gather their things and leave. One special blonde haired girl waits though. She takes her time putting her binder in her backpack and carefully puts her hair up in a simple bun as the other students file out of the classroom.

Grayson takes a moment to say goodbye to a few passing students until the door finally shuts and only he and his soon to be lover remain.

"Tracey," he says finally as he strolls back to his desk, taking a seat in his chair. Relaxing a bit, he leans back against the seat and smiles as she walks up to the desk.

Casually bracing her hands on the edge and leaning over the desk, her low cut top reveals more of her soft, pale flesh for him to admire. Her breasts are large and soft and he can't help but picture her on her knees while he thrust his hard length between them. "What can I do for you, Mr. Grayson?" She asks with a playful smile.

With a grin of his own, he makes his point as he adjusts in his seat, drawing attention to his bulging crotch. His cock is filling quickly just looking at her lovely young tits. "Do you feel up to helping me with something?"

"Of course." She winks as she steps around the desk and walks up beside him, his seating position making it a perfect height for him to admire her breasts as they now sit beside him, closer than ever before. "I hope these will do," she says as she reaches for his hand and brings it up to one of her breasts.

He gives a little squeeze before groaning in appreciation. They're softer and warmer than he imagined. "These are perfect."

Turning to face her chest fully, he buries his face between her tits while his hands cup them, thumbs rubbing her hard nipples through her shirt and bra. He's pleased to hear her small moans of pleasure.

Moving his hands to grip the hem of her shirt, Grayson pulls back so he can lift it up over the top of her titties. She blushes and looks over her shoulder to make sure the door is still closed before unclasping her strapless bra and letting it fall to the floor. Her breasts now free, he takes a moment to admire her delicious pink nipples.

"My, my, Ms. Tracey," Mr. Grayson murmurs as he leans forward to kiss one of her hard nipples. "These look so good. I bet they taste even better." Tracey smiles and pulls him close as he parts his lips to suck on the little nub. Giving another groan of appreciation, he suckles gently while his other hand slowly kneads her other tit. His tongue teases her nub as he suckles while rolling her other nipple between his fingers.

"Oh my," Tracey breathes out in an almost sigh as Grayson nurses her with stronger suction.

His lips make a small popping sound as he pulls away for a moment to smile up at her. "If only there was some milk in these," he whispers rather suggestively before returning to suckling at her breast.

Tracey blushes at the implication. Mr. Grayson has often mentioned wanting to see her pregnant but it was far too soon for that in her life. Wasn't it?

Her thoughts come to a halt when she hears a zipper being undone. Looking down she sees Grayson's hands have both moved down to his pants, quickly parting his fly and tugging his cock out of his underwear as his lips kiss their way to the other nipple.

Her hands card through his hair while he nurses for a few more moments before pulling away once more and inviting her to kneel between his legs.

Tracey bites her lip as she admires the size of his half hard cock. She's spent many afternoons staring at his crotch and wondering just how big it is but she had no idea. Mr. Grayson reaches for his thick length and pulls his foreskin down enough to allow her to see the lovely red mushroom head as it leaks a bead of pre-cum.

"How does that look?" He asks as he gives his cock a few strokes. Tracey grins and leans forward to have a taste but a hand on her shoulder keeps her just barely out of reach of his cock. "That eager huh?"

"I've been wanting your cock in my mouth for a long time," she says with a small pout. She tries to get a taste again but he halts her once more. Huffing in slight frustration, she sticks her tongue out to reach for the tip of his cock. Mr. Grayson grins at the look of downright desperate hunger in her eyes as she tries to lick the bead of cum off the tip.

His hand jerks his himself a few more times as he watches her whimper for it. The room is rather quiet save for the sound of her small whiny noises as he keeps her tempting mouth at bay.

After a few moments of teasing, he finally permits a small taste by rubbing the tip of his fat cock against her outstretched tongue. The bead of pre-cum quickly disappears into her mouth before her eyes close and she smiles while savoring her first taste of what she's wanted for so long.

"More," she pleads, eyes focused on his dick.

Grayson chuckles and pumps his cock a few more times before bringing her closer to it. Her lips part for the head to enter and he moans as he eases it into her mouth, resting against her tongue.

She sucks rather greedily, hollowing her cheeks as she bobs her head on the few inches he's given her for the moment. Hopefully she'll be able to swallow the whole 8 inches of his thick length.

"You've had practice," he murmurs as he watches her suck at his cock hungrily. Her mouth is warm and wet which is no surprise. She was practically drooling for it. "I knew you'd love sucking cock though. You've got the perfect mouth for it." He grins as she responds by taking in more of his cock which is quickly thickening to full length. His hands rest on the back of her head, urging her farther down as he throws his head back and moans. Her soft lips smooth up and down his cock in fluid motion and it makes him yearn for her pussy.

For now he just wants to take the edge off though. He's waited long enough for this.

Leaning back in his chair, her hands come up to fondle his balls, large and heavy with the come he's saved just for her. Mr. Grayson moans as she squeezes them gently, rolling them with her fingers while her cock hungry mouth continues to slide up and down his shaft.

"Go on, Tracey. Suck me all you like. Get what's yours." His heartbeat is fast as he grows closer to climax. He can't hold it in much longer but he knows that's what she wants. The way she is so eager to get him off is enough for him to know she doesn't want to be here long enough to get caught. Though he's sure she's mostly interested in getting a taste as soon as possible.

"Not yet," he groans out through gritted teeth as he pulls her off his cock, not willing to come until he's ready. He wants to watch her swallow it.

She takes a much needed breath while he looks at her mouth, open and wet, drool dripping down her chin and between her tits. "Such a good girl," he whispers as he sits forward, holding her in front of him and pumping his cock to completion.

His cock shoots stripes of white cum directly into her mouth, her tongue soon covered in his hot cream. A moan of appreciation escapes her as she closes her eyes once more to swallow the mouthful of his fresh seed.

"Look at that," he chuckles as he tucks away his softening dick. "That was lovely. I can't wait for more."

Tracey grabs her bra off the floor and tosses it over his lap before tugging down her shirt. She stands and heads back to her desk, her breasts bouncing freely beneath the fabric. Grayson wants to protest her leaving like that, not wanting anyone to be able to appreciate seeing her nipples through her thin, white shirt. The objection dies on his tongue when she pulls on her hoodie and offers him an assuring smile.

"Parents are out of town until tomorrow. You could drop by after the party if you like. If not, well I'll be seeing you at the campsite anyway." Tracey grabs her backpack and tosses it over her shoulder before walking back to his desk.

Tossing her bra on the desk, he stands to say goodbye and she reaches for his collar, tugging him into a kiss. She's obviously still hungry for him though, her lips pressing against his with need and parting quite eagerly as his tongue slides into her mouth. They moan in unison as they get their first taste of each other and Grayson can't help but pull away and chuckle at that.

"What is it?" Tracey asks with a laugh of her own.

"Well this is our first kiss and yet I've already had my mouth on your tits and you just got done swallowing my cock."

They laugh at that together before she playfully slaps his arm. "I'll see you later."

He watches her leave, her wide hips swaying temptingly as she exits through the door. Biting his lip, he cups his cock through his pants and feels it twitch in interest despite having already come. "Can't wait," he says to himself as he goes to gather her bra off the desk, contemplating her offer of going to visit after the party.