 Sex or rather the absence of it does strange things to a guy's mind, especially when that guy in question is as horny as hell and his partner just isn't interested, nor does it ever seem likely that her interest will peak anytime soon. What's a guy to do? There was a danger that if I let the current situation continue I would get too old to do anything about it. I'd thought about doing something about it many times before, but enough was enough and so taking things into my own hands I decide to post an ad on a swinging site, not expecting much apart from a few salacious e-mails – how wrong could I be!

It all started when an e-mail popped into my inbox from Tara, she worked in the city, her friends had all got long-time partners, or were married with kids, she was beginning to feel lonely and was looking for a daring partner that would live her wildest fantasies for real, but most importantly she wanted sex, and lots of it.

Over the next few weeks we exchanged e-mails, each one successfully getting more and more explicit as to what our greatest sexual fantasies were. Finally, with a sense of apprehension and also great excitement we agree to meet on neutral ground. My sexual desire for this woman was ruling my mind, knowing full well that if my partner ever discovered what I was up to my life wouldn't be worth living.

I arrive at the appointed restaurant and look nervously around when my eyes come to rest on a tall woman perched on a stool by the bar. She spots me, eloquently slides off the stool and walks towards me. She's a woman of great poise and exquisite natural beauty with long slender legs that seem to go on forever, she's wearing a tight dress that perfectly hugs her womanly contours. I'm rooted to the spot not quite sure whether to run or cry for joy. Fortunately she breaks the ice with a cheery, "You're better than I expected." "Isn't that meant to be my line," I reply. We laugh, things could have started worse.

We're shown to our table and through the course of the dinner it's clear we like each other, we flirt outrageously, laughing at each other's jokes, even when they're clearly pretty bad and the sexual tension is palpable. We talk about our life, our dreams, our ambitions, our frustrations and just the funny things that have happened in our life. In hushed tones we begin venture down a path of no return and describe what we would like to do to each other sexually.

Tara nonchalantly slips her foot out of her shoe and begins to teasingly rub her bare foot along the inside of my trouser leg, settling teasingly on my crotch. The effect her actions are having on me are becoming increasingly evident by the growing bulge in my trousers, but it's clearly having a similar effect on Tara too as my eyes come to rest on her increasingly erect nipples that now tantalisingly poke through the fabric of her dress. Fortunately the light in the restaurant is subdued and aside from us stroking each other's hands the other diners are oblivious to what's transpiring. The waiter on the other hand is another matter entirely.

It's getting late but neither of us wishes the evening to end, savouring every last moment like some precious elixir we have long sought, but has been forever elusive. Tara suggests that we go back to her place for "a coffee" but we know that the invitation means much more – besides which I hate coffee. As we walk down the street, our fingers entwined together, I suddenly pull Tara down a side street, pushing her against a wall and we kiss, urgently, passionately, long wet kisses, our tongues embrace as they probe deeply into each others mouth.

My hands make their way up the inside of Tara's dress and pulling the fabric of her knickers to one side I gain enough access to gently slide my long slender probing fingers into her now soaking, dripping, wet pussy. A soft moan escapes her lips as an excited chill runs through her body. I'm clearly having the desired effect. I take my fingers out of her pussy; my fingers glisten with her juices and put them to her mouth which she erotically begins to suck as if it's my cock in her mouth. "Just a taster of what could be," I say with a mischievous smile, looking every bit like the proverbial cat that has well and truly got the cream he's so desired! Tara clearly approves and any doubt about our sexual chemistry is dispelled.

We hail a taxi, and as we make our way to Tara's apartment we can hardly keep our hands to ourselves. The taxi driver can clearly see what we're up to, and is watching through the wing mirror but we're past caring, so long as he keeps at least one eye on the road! We hurriedly open the door to Tara's flat and almost fall on top of each other, such is the urgency of our desire. Clothes are shed, as she bites, kisses and nibbles my ear lobes, my neck, my face, my every being. I plunge my tongue sensually into her mouth, my cock straining against the fabric of my trousers. With all the pent up sexual tension of the evening it feels as if it's about to explode. I grind my hard rod against her pelvis, but all it achieves is in making it even harder.

Tara, oozing sex from every pore, is now sat on the stairway; her legs invitingly open as I slowly peel her dress off over her head, kissing, licking, and exploring her body with my tongue. My tongue slowly moves across her breasts and I suck and nibble on their sensitive tips. Meanwhile Tara undoes the buckle of my belt, unzipping my flies and thrusting her hand down my trousers to feel my hard throbbing rod that has only one thing in mind, and that is to slide into her now wet, dripping pussy. I continue to caress her breasts and hold the weight of both in my hands. They are more than just a nice handful and there mere sight makes me want to come on the spot.

We change positions and Tara slowly slides down my body kissing and licking me as she does. She hungrily pulls my trousers and Y-fronts to the floor. My long, lean, throbbing cock springs to attention, demanding the attention of her mouth. Tara slowly, tantalisingly extends the tip of her tongue to the head of my pulsing cock to taste the warm saltiness of the pre-cum. My cock twitches in response, and as she withdraws her tongue, only to then extend it again, flicking with wetness the twitching head, teasing it to reach heavenward, and then suddenly she slides the wet O of her lips over the head, skimming the point of her tongue around and along the ridge at the back of the cockhead, within the warm cave of her mouth. I'm in heaven. I half-moan, half-gasp as I feel the whole length of my hard cock enclosed in a warm wet tunnel. I drive my cock into the softness of her sucking mouth, fucking her as if it were her pussy. This is the blow job of my dreams.

Tara takes my cock out of her mouth and pulls me gently but ever so purposely to the floor. I know what she wants, what she craves more than anything else. I obligingly nestle my face between her thighs and begin to dry kiss her now soaking wet panties. Pulling them off, I slowly lick the juices that coat her wet pussy. The sensation of my tongue on the soft expanse of her thighs is electric, and she lifts her leg as she feels my tongue against her labia. As I flick my tongue over her erect clit I enjoy feeling it respond to my efforts. A shudder of ecstasy passes through Tara's body but my mouth is glued to the opening of her pussy, drinking deeply from the juices there - my new elixir. Tara isn't satisfied and wants even more, pulling my head even deeper into her pussy.

I look into her eyes; animalistic, predatory, there is no doubt what comes next. She holds my long, slender, pulsating cock in her hands, slowly wanking it as she purposely guides it into her pussy. She relaxes her muscles as my cock slides welcomingly into its warm wet recesses. I continue to drive deeply; her legs are wrapped around my hips encouraging me to pump into her even harder and deeper. Tara's cries of pleasure begin to echo through the room. If the neighbours hadn't heard us before, they sure as hell had now.

Our bodies meet in sexual harmony, the rhythm of my thrusting cock gathers pace with the sensations of our mutual and approaching climax. Tara is vigorously grinding her pussy down onto my cock, her face contorted with unbridled pleasure. I thrust my hips up to hers, meeting her hips with a glorious wet slapping sound. The urgency of our movements makes it clear that we are both close to reaching an orgasm. My moans coincide with her screams of "I'm coming, oh God yes" as she comes again, and again, explosively, her body trembling as she does, joined by my own moans of satisfaction as I empty my sperm spewing deep into her quivering pussy. Finally my throbbing ejaculation ends and we collapse upon each other, exhausted, elated.

We give each other a long, lingering, loving kiss in the knowledge that the evening has only just begun...