 Kam's Memory

I board the plane on a long flight to the other side of the world, destined for a place that is all strange, new and Unsure what to expect on the other end, but the plane takes off, I switch back and forwards between watching the television, my laptop, sleeping. After what felt like the longest time with multiply changeovers in various cities around the world I finally land at the airport.

I catch a taxi from the airport to the hotel, looking out the taxi window at the scenery and the houses. Once I arrive at the hotel, I unpack my suitcase, grab my shorts, towel and footwear to head to the local water park. It's such a beautiful warm day, feeling of the water splashing on my face is so refreshing. 

Packing up my things and heading back to my room I lay down on the bed to relax, falling asleep, waking as the sun is shining through the vertical blinds opening my eyes looking at the clock shocked, its 7am! I get myself dressed into casual clothes, shorts and a tank-top. Heading out to the local market for a look around. Spending half the morning just checking out the local market stalls, buying various keepsake's for family as souvenirs. 

I stop at a local coffee shop for a coffee, ordering my coffee, when my coffee arrives, taking my coffee in my hand before going back outside to sit at a table. Someone brushes past me, I smell her sweet perfume as she sits opposite me on another table.

Sitting opposite me is a brunette with brown eyes. She's wearing a red and black skirt, black tank-top and matching black bra. She's sitting there nibbling on biscuit's and drinking coffee, then lights up a cigarette, I admire her as she takes a drag of her cigarette. I'm admiring her breasts rise and falling on her chest, noticing she has an amazing pair of breasts, at least DD's looking so firm.

All of a sudden feeling like she's being watched, looks around before she looks directly at me smiles, winks and looks away. Taking another sip of my coffee I am doing my best to distract my mind. How can someone I have never met or spoken to cause such an impression? Just as I pluck up the courage to go over and say hi. She gets up from her chair butts out her cigarette and disappears back into the crowded streets, I feel so much regret that I didn't go over and say hello, my heart's filled with such remorse.

As I take my last sip of coffee and go to pay for the coffee, a sweet girl at the register asks me "how was your coffee", she then asks "Are you a tourist because I haven't seen you here before?"

I respond with "No I took a well needed holiday, I'm actually from Australia, after a messy divorce with my ex I was told by my family to take a break, clear my mind, come back as the person they remember before chaos stirred."

I pay for my coffee and start to walk away, when I decide to throw caution to the wind and double back to grab the attendant's attention again. "Pardon me sweetheart, but that girl sitting at the table drinking coffee and smoking the cigarette. Do you happen to know who she was?" 

She smiles and responds "Oh you mean Koko, she's a local girl. She comes here usually every day on her way back home from the markets"

Thanking her before heading back to the hotel.

I'm laying on the bed, my eyes closed, every time I close my eyes Koko's beautiful smile pops into my mind, leaving me wondering how a woman can have such an impression on me when I haven't even spoken to her. Deciding to throw caution to the wind, return to that same coffee shop tomorrow, see if she shows up so I can go over and say hi and see how things go.

Waking up the next day, I get up have a shower, shave, comb my hair and put on some cologne, as I look in the mirror I admire myself thinking, 'what am I worried about I'm a good looking man, smart and my mumma brought me up to be polite and respectful, stop playing life safe and give thing's a red hot go after all what have I go to loose, a little bit of pride!'

Twenty minutes later I'm sitting at the coffee shop sipping my coffee, suddenly that familiar smell captures my senses, she walks past me, sitting on the table opposite mine, It's her, its Koko!

The waitress comes over to her, she orders her coffee pulls out her cigarettes, and begins to search through her bag looking for something! "Where has that damn lighter gone!"

I take opportunity the opportunity and get up from my chair walking over to her, pulling my lighter out of my pocket, offering it saying "Need a light sweetheart".

Looking at me giggling, taking my lighter "Huh oh yes please, always the way, when you need something you can never find it!"

As I'm struggling for words, this girl has me 'Tongue Tied' I simply respond with "Uh yer" she lights her cigarette giving the lighter back to me, taking her hand, kissing the back of her hand answering "Thanks my name's Kam, pleased to meet you, I'm holidaying here from Australia."

She smiles responds "Hi Kam, my name's Koko and it's wonderful to meet such a well mannered gentleman, have you done much site seeing around the place It's beautiful here?"

As I'm still struggling for more words responding with a quick "Yer a little". 

she giggles clearly seeing I'm nervous, takes initiative with a massive smile on her face says "I've been on this island all my life, if you would like I'd be happy to show you around?"

Flushed in the cheeks responding "I'd really like that if it's not too much trouble, when would you like to start?" Heart in my throat waiting on a response.

"How about now I have no plans, let's go exploring" smiling at me.

Walking back to my table, paying for my coffee taking a mental note 'sometimes it pays to live outside my comfort zone and taking chances' turning around, Koko's standing at her table collecting her things, admiring her beauty radiating from her, she's about 5'6 slightly on the chubby side but so well proportioned, with most of her weight around the mid section, feeling a stir in my loins from staring at her, realising my cock was starting to harden.

She looks at me and catches me staring, winks walking towards me. Looking down at the bulge in my pants. Noticing her eyes looking down at my pants I think to myself 'This is your shot, don't mess this up!' Turning around to fix bulge in my shorts before turning back around. We start her guided tour of the island, taking me to the most spectacular water fall, enjoying it so much I asked for a picture of her and I standing in front of it? she agrees, posing as I snapped a picture of us. 

After a bit more site-seeing, chatting, admiring as she walked around giving me a history of the island and its heritage. Suggesting we should go to the night market and maybe some nice relaxing drinks. I agree as she takes my hand, leading me around various different stalls.

We stop at the local club, after a few too many drinks, I get bold taking her by the hand, dragging her to the dance floor, a few fast paced songs before finally a slower song comes on, pulling her closer to me wrapping my arms around her as we sway to the music looking into her big gorgeous brown eyes with lust in my eyes.

Running her hand through my hair before pulling my face closer for a kiss, as her lips touch mine it's like I've been struck by lightning as her lips touch mine, kissing her back as I feel my lips part slightly as her tongue pushes my lips apart, her tongue sliding into my mouth.

Our kissing becomes more intense and passionate, sliding my hand down her back over her sexy ass. Realising what I'm doing before lifting my hands back up to her back. She takes my hands putting them back on her ass, squeezing her hands into mine as she's looking into me with pure lust in her eyes.

Stopping kissing her briefly asking "Is this what you want, because I'm so lost in the moment. Right now all I want is to you back to my hotel!"

Looking at me with a twinkle in her eyes, she responds "Let's go make love, my Aussie man"

We leave the club catching a taxi back to the hotel, the taxi pulls up, taking Koko by the hand making out way to the hotel room, sliding my hand in my pocket, pulling out my key, kissing her while trying to unlock the hotel room door. Having to stop kissing her long enough to finally find the hole the key goes into, pulling her inside my room.

She follows me inside, looks at my bed twirling around, falling back on the bed. Been so long since I seen something so radiant and so beautiful, I'm staring at her, I'm broken out of the trance by her words "You can stand there looking at me, or you can shut the door and come make love to me!"

Shutting the door, walking over to the bed kneeling at the end of the bed. I'm wondering if I have what it takes to show this woman the night she deserves.

She wraps her legs around my waist pulling me down of her kissing me passionately on the lips sensing my nervousness, muttering the words between kisses "I'm nervous too my love, but just relax and let's see where this night takes us, there are no expectations, take me as you wish 'placing her hands on her chest' this body ME I'm all yours."

Passionately kissing her lips, while placing my hands down on her feet, tracing from her ankle up to her knee, looking into her eyes, a moan escapes her lips as I'm kissing her.

I glide my hand up her inner thigh to the edge of her pant running the back of my fingers along her pant feeling the outline of her pussy. Hooking my fingers into her pant's waistband, removing her pants up over her legs and throwing them over on the floor.

Watching as She parts her legs wider to give me better access. Running my hand across her wet panties towards her belly button, under her tank-top I decide to not let any layers of clothing inhibit me from touching and enticing her every sense, running my hand under her top I look at her beautiful eyes as I slider her top up her stomach, stopping at her bra. Taking her hands into mine, leaning forward, sliding my hands behind her back, rolling her on-top of me, kissing her on the lips, letting my hands slide up to the middle of her back, stopping at the bra clasp, unclipping it with a simple twist of my fingers.

She stops kissing, sitting up, sliding my hands to the bottom of her bra, allowing me to slide her bra and singlet off in one swift motion over her breast's. Revealing her breasts in all their glory, removing her bra and top, throwing it off the bed. Sliding my hands back down to her breasts, my fingers trace the edge of her breast. Cupping her breast's in my hand's giving them a gentle firm squeeze. Tracing my fingers around her nipple, my fingers twisting gently. Hear her moan with excitement. Wrapping my hands around her back pulling her down to me, wrapping my lips around her nipple, biting her nipple while looking into her eyes watching wince in pain and then moan.

Twisting us sideways rolling her onto her back, sliding down the bed, stopping between her thighs, maintaining eye contact while sliding her skirt down admiring her body as it slides down every inch of her legs slowly. Looking back up into her eyes, before looking back down to admire her sexy black lace panties. Clearly able see she is turned on from the wet patch in her panties, moving my head closer to her panties, stopping just shy of touching her panties with my nose, inhaling her sweet pungent scents, almost as if a man possessed, sliding my fingers into the side of her panties, touching her bare pussy for the first time, feeling her jolt with excitement asking her "Mmm someone is excited and turned on huh?" receiving a moan.

Sliding my hands up the side of her tummy to the band of her panties, lifting her ass off the bed, allowing her wet panties to slide over her ass, with a devilish smile on her face, she winks as her panties are slid off her legs and thrown on her pile of clothes, mesmerised as I can see her stunning moistened pussy, clearly able to see how turned on she is by the wet drips rolling down her labia lips, pooling under her ass on the bed.

Running my hands up to her knees, lifting her knees up to either side of her belly, allowing me to lean in running my tongue from her ass hole to her sweet tasting pussy, running my tongue along the folds of your inner labia along to her clit, she moans as my tongue contacts with her sensitive clit. A moan escapes her lips, flicking her clit with my tongue a couple of times causes her moaning to becoming more intense, looking into her eyes, continuing to flick her clit with my tongue, letting go of her knees, as my fingers trace down her inner thigh, tracing my fingers along the side of her wet pussy lips, the moisture I see and feel on her pussy lips telling me my fingers won't have a problem entering her drenched pussy. Turning my hand over taking two fingers, sliding them gently along the edge of her wet pussy, sliding inside her tight wet pussy, feeling her tight pussy cuddle around my fingers nicely, sliding my fingers inside her slowly, tracing circles around her clit with my tongue, stopping to flick it with my tongue every few seconds.

Her moaning is starting to increase as she starts to lift her ass off the bed matching my fingers, she's moaning every time she feels my fingers slide inside of her pussy, catching her breathe as they thrust all the way inside. Hearing just how wet she's getting, changing my angle of my fingers my index and middle finger slide into the second knuckle, rubbing the rough surface behind her clit on the inside of her tight wet pussy. I'm rewarded with a squirt of her love juice hitting me on the chin, before another squirt hits me again this time on the lips.

"OOH YES, RIGHT THERE!" escapes her lips.

Sensing she's really getting really turned on, rubbing faster, letting my tongue circle around her clit faster while alternating between circling and flicking her clit. I have one goal in mind, wanting to make her cum hard because of what I'm doing. She runs her hand through my hair, grips a handful of my hair pulling my head into her wet pussy, muttering "OH GOD, Don't stop that feels so amazing!"

I keep up my rubbing with my fingers alternating between circles around, to flicking her clit with my tongue. Her pussy tastes so good. I'm enjoying watching her eyes open look at me then close again moaning. She moans and opens her lips moaning, I know I'm going to be rewards, as she screams "OH RIGHT THERE DON'T STOP I'M GOING TO CUM!"

The first wave of an orgasm hits her as I feel another stream of love juice hit me in the face near my nose, followed by another and then another. She start to shake uncontrollably, her orgasm crashes into her causing her pussy to become so sensitive her hand is placed on my forehead forcing my head away from her and squeezes her pussy so tight it forces my fingers to slide out of her pussy. She rolls over onto her side clutching her pussy shaking uncontrollably moaning as each wave crashes into her.

Sitting their watching her as I'm admiring how beautiful she really is! Lost in a trance staring at her, her orgasm subsides enough for her to grasp her around around me pulling me into her, kissing me on the lips whispering in my ears "Wow, where did that come from, you are a man of many hidden talents, Wow I needed that!"

I smile and respond "I'm not finished yet."

Quickly she responds with "My turn my love?" 

Pushing me onto my back, straddling my waist, pulling me up and grabbing my shirt to slide it up over my head, then slides my shorts and briefs down over my legs, looking down between us and focus's her eyes on my rock-hard cock between her thighs

Making the comment "Wow I'm going to have fun with him!" 

Winking, sliding down my legs kissing me on the chest as she works her way down towards my 8 inch long throbbing cock.

Koko's Memory

I open my mouth gripping his thick cock between my lips, running my tongue along his balls taking him into my mouth sucking gently, then letting his balls fall out of my mouth, running my tongue along the shaft before taking him between my lips, sliding him further into my mouth as I can feel it hit the back of my throat causing me to gag. Trying to reposition my head to take him further down into the back of my mouth into my throat, with the thickness of his cock there is no way I'm going to get him any further.

Sliding my lips along his cock till just the tip is resting on my lips. Running my tongue around the tip of his cock in circles feeling him flinch at first moaning, continuing to trace circles around the tip. Taking my hand to cup his balls giving them a squeeze, looking into his eyes with contentment, enjoying watching him moan, throw his head around in pure ecstasy.

Putting his hand at the back of my head grasping a hand full of my hair, thrusting his cock in and out of my mouth, moaning and responds with "WOW your a natural at that aren't you".

He just moans with my lips around his cock, maintaining eye contact. Thrusting his cock in my mouth is such rhythm, his hips start to lift from the bed. Taking my hand from massaging his balls wrapping my fingers around his shaft 2 fingers at first, getting to 3, 4 fingers stroking him slowly. really enjoying knowing I'm turning him on so much with every movement, getting lost in the moment, when all of a sudden I am woken out my dream by his words. 

"MMM, I'm going to cum if you keep that up. Can I cum in your mouth?"

Responding "You can cum in my mouth, let it go cum for me!"

Putting my lips around his cock, sliding it all the way to the back of my throat as the first stream of cum hit the back of my throat causing me to gag and almost choke, but holding my composure I keep sucking, as stream after stream of cum fills my mouth. Thinking his finished! I remove my lips just as one last stream of cum lands on my top lip, moaning, running my tongue around my wet cum soaked lips, moaning before telling him "Yummy"

Climbing up beside my lover, he snuggles me into his arms. Running my hand through his hairy chest, content and satisfied I reach up and kiss him on the lips, sliding back down beside him and drift off to sleep.

Kam - The next morning

The sun beams through the blinds and a flash back of the night before enters my thoughts. Looking beside me I panic, 'WHERE IS SHE' causing my heart to race, wondering was it all a dream? 

All of a sudden the door opens, in she walks coffee in hand, smiles at my, she exclaims "I'm sorry Lover, I thought we could use some liquids so I went out and got us some coffee!"

Sitting forward to wrap my hand around the back of her head, pulling her into passionate kiss, responding "Thank you so much!" Smiling and continue "last night was amazing, the smile you have on your face, tells me you enjoyed?"

Tracing my hand up her inner thigh. She winks and passes my coffee before telling me "Settle down tiger, plenty of time for that, please take your coffee!"

Sits down beside me cross legged on the bed, looking into my eyes as she sips her coffee, smiles such a beautiful and radiant smile.

Sipping my coffee as my eyes stray down to from her eyes to her breasts, down to her legs, noticing, I could see up her skirt she was wearing. She's not wearing any panties! Sliding my hand between her legs, reaching up past her inner thigh noticing 'She's extremely wet!'

Moaning at my touch, grabbing my hand and removing it from between her thighs. I pull her down beside me, cuddling her into me smiling. We cuddle for a little while, the thought of how wet she is causing my mind to wander, kissing her on the lips as my hand has a mind of its own, squeezing her breasts, she moans and looks into my eyes. 

Taking my hand, tracing it down her side, then her hip to the bottom of her skirt, up her inner thigh to her wet pussy, parting them to find her clit. I know I've found her clit she jumps, moaning as I start to move my fingers letting them trace circles around her clit. Moaning with every circle. Sliding her hand under the sheet to be a little bit shocked as her hands run over my cock, Exclaiming "Oh My! Are you horny lover?" 
