 Author's note: I deliberately avoid proper names and detailed descriptions so you can imagine the person you desire. 

*

"The boss is sick tonight. Will you stay after closing with me, please?" She asked, setting a beer in front of him. 

"Your tab would magically disappear." She sang.

He chuckled and nodded his head. He would have stayed regardless of her clearing his bill. 

She had everything cleaned by last call and said goodnight to those leaving. He helped her bring up new inventory from downstairs and set up behind the bar.

"Thank you for helping me. Feel like a shot before we finish?" She asked with a little gleam in her eye.

"Of course, what are we doing?"

"Tequilla." She said simply, grabbing the Cuervo bottle.

"Why that?" He scowled. "You know Patron is smoother and we won't need salt or a lime."

"If that's what you prefer," She said slowly," but that doesn't make for a very fun body shot."

He froze. Eyebrows raised, he silently watched her as she brushed up against him to reach the shot glasses. Then she bent over to retrieve the limes from the cooler. A small growl escaped his lips.

"Cuervo it is, ladies first." He said, pouring two shots. 

She smiled and pushed him onto a bar stool so they were face to face. Stepping between his legs, she unbuttoned the top of his shirt and placed a lime between his lips. Tilting his head to the side, she delicately licked a wet trail up to his ear then sprinkled salt on his neck.

Pressing against him, she licked off the salt and downed her shot. The lime disappeared as she bent for it. Sweetly, she forced his mouth open with her tongue, easily winning the fruit but lingered to kiss off any remaining juices from his lips.

She swayed slightly when they broke.

"My turn." He rose from the stool and backed her against the bar.

Grabbing her waist, he easily lifted her onto the counter top and stood between her thighs. He entangled his fingers in her hair and gently pulled her head back. She shivered as he ran his tongue from the hollow of her throat up to her chin. He trailed wet kisses to her mouth and sprinkled salt on her lips.

He stepped back and twisted her body to lie on the bar. He pulled her shirt over her naval and poured a little tequila into her bellybutton.

Leaning over, he licked her lips, plunging his tongue deep in her mouth. She moaned and went to turn towards him.

"Hold still." He commanded and ran his hand down one leg and up the other, letting his breath tickle her stomach before sucking up the alcohol.

He continued kissing up her stomach as he pulled her shirt up and over her head. She rose up and helped him remove his, raking her nails down his chest as he discarded his shirt to the floor.

Suddenly, she pushed him away and hopped off the counter.

Confused, he watched as she grabbed the bottle of Crème de Menthe.

"Would you open this please?" She asked politely then began undoing his pants.

"What are doing?" He asked bewildered but still opened the liquor.

She giggled and sank to her knees not answering. She took a long swig from the bottle but didn't swallow.

His cock twitched as she timidly placed her lips at the head. Carefully she opened her mouth just enough to take him in without dribbling. The feeling of the liquid and her tongue almost made his legs buckle. He clutched the counter and closed his eyes as she slid her mouth up and down his shaft.

Fuck was all he could say when she swallowed the crème de menthe around his cock. He wanted to holler when she pulled away but the cold sensation distracted him. He looked down as his sexy bartender put her lips together and literally blew him.

His body jerked. Just as he was about to ask, she opened her mouth wide over his penis and blew hot air this time. It was almost agony. He grunted as she ran her tongue along the underside then finally engulfed him in her warm mouth. Breathing through gritted teeth, he gripped the bar edge as she took him in deeper and deeper.

Every muscle in his body tightened. It was torment as she altered between sucking hard and lightly licking while massaging his balls. He wound his hand in her hair, hoping to coax her into a steady rhythm.

She increased her pace, stroking him with her hand and tongue. He couldn't hold out any longer. He tried to warn her but could only shout her name as he came. She took him all in, swallowing him down her throat, heightening his sensitivity.

"Stop....please." He moaned, sinking to floor. He heard her laugh as she put her shirt back on.

"Who said I was done with you?" He demanded, standing, lifting her back up on the counter, spreading her legs...