 The train was crowded and hot, packed with tourists and people travelling to London for the Olympics and she'd been unable to get a seat, forced to join the masses clinging for dear life onto the handles thoughtfully attached to the ceiling like toys in a children's playground.

Feeling mildly claustrophobic, she took deep breaths, trying to ignore the jostling of sweaty unknown flesh behind her and the occasional opportunistic male hand, as each station saw a few departures and the press of even more bodies into the carriage.

She was beginning to regret having worn a dress now, the wraparound design meaning it was held together solely by one loose knot of the belt on her hip. Not having anticipated that it would be this busy she hadn't thought of the effect that constant rubbing would have on her clothing and she could feel the material slipping open a centimetre at a time.

Taking advantage of the next station stop, she reached down, undoing the knot and retying it more securely. As the train moved off she stumbled as she tried to grasp the hoop above her head and felt a reassuring hand on her hip, another guiding her fingers around the handle and closing over them.

As she struggled to remove herself from the strangers grip, a hard body pressed tight against her back and hot breath flowed over her neck as he whispered in her ear.

"Careful there, you don't want to fall."

Tensing at the unwanted contact she tried again to pull away, but the crush of people in the carriage meant she was trapped, the other passengers shooting angry glares at her as she bumped against them.

Closing her eyes, she tried to ignore the warmth seeping through her thin dress from his body as with her free hand she tried to feel his fingers from her hip.

"Uh uh," he murmured, pulling her harder against him so that she could feel his erection pushing against her backside. She squirmed, trying to move away, but all that seemed to do was excite him more, the bulge pressed against her becoming larger and more prominent.

Taking his hand from her hip for a second, he entwined his fingers with hers, lifting them to the handle and gripping both hands beneath his, squeezing painfully until she gasped.

"Both hands on the ring," he muttered into her neck, his hand returning to her hip before sliding round to her stomach, slipping beneath the folds of her dress until they touched bare skin.

Holding her breath, she darted nervous looks around the carriage, wondering if she cried rape would anyone help her. Somehow she doubted it, being groped on trains was just one of those things and the way they were standing, no one would believe they were anything but intimate. His hands slid up inside the dress and over the lacy covering of her bra and she felt her nipples involuntarily hardening under his touch.

"Like that do you?" he said mockingly, pinching one of the hard buds between his fingers and tugging on it. Against her will she felt heat starting to pool between her legs and she closed her eyes on a small moan as his fingers cleverly manipulated her sensitive nipples.

As they slid below her bra to touch her skin she let out a small gasp, struggling to pull her hands from his vice like grip. Biting gently down on her neck he pressed closer, squeezing her breast in his hand until it was almost painful.

Moving his hand down her body he let his fingers play with the top edge of her panties and she forced herself to hold still as he traced the lacy hem from one side to another, before they dipped inside, one finger stroking down over her lips, slippery now with arousal. Parting them, he pushed the tip of his finger inside her, his thumb rubbing circles on her swollen clit.

Biting her lip she shuddered under the onslaught of his fingers as he slowly but surely brought her to the edge of orgasm in the midst of a carriage full of oblivious commuters.

Inserting another finger he stroked relentlessly as she felt herself tighten around him, her breath coming in short little pants as he pressed down with the heel of his hand against her mound, curling his fingers inside her. With a low moan she came, her pussy convulsing around his fingers as her legs wobbled unsteadily beneath her, his hands the only thing holding her up.

The carriage began to clear as the train pulled into the station and he let go of her hands, dragging her into his lap on an empty seat.

"So you like being touched by a stranger do you?" he asked teasingly.

"I knew it was you," she muttered against his chest.

"Sure you did," he replied, sliding his hand up her leg, beneath her skirt.

"Just you wait," she promised, wriggling slightly at his touch and smirking as he groaned.

"I'll look forward to it."

"Hmm," she murmured, her mind elsewhere. 

The carriage was starting to fill up again, nowhere near as packed as before but still, the vast majority of seats were now taken and she squirmed off his lap, pushing him across to sit by the window. 

Taking the aisle seat she curled into him, head on his shoulder and legs draped over his. The position made her dress gape invitingly and she saw him stealing looks at her exposed breasts as she feigned sleep, her left hand on his chest as his arm crept round her. 

Snuggling closer, she let her right hand drop to his leg, her thumb stroking slowly up and down, eyes narrowing as she spotted the tell tale signs of a bulge growing in his trousers. 

Teasingly she kept her hand just below his swelling cock, occasionally allowing her little finger to bump up against him 'accidentally'. 

Using just her fingertips she scraped the length of his shaft through his trousers, enjoying how it twitched at her touch like it was trying to escape his trousers. 

Deftly she flicked the bottom few buttons open, gaining herself access and saw his frown as he noticed what she was doing. 

Sliding her hand inside the gap she'd created, she grinned, her fingers touching bare skin. 

Lifting her head she kissed him, bending to whisper in his ear. 

"No pants? Naughty!"

Pushing her hands deeper inside the opening to his trousers she firmly grasped his cock, pulling it up until it sprung free through the opening, the head poking out and glistening with precum. 

Rolling the pad of her index finger over his tip she grinned as he drew in a sharp breath and scooted his hips further down on the seat. Perfect. 

Sliding one leg up, then down, she trapped him between her thighs and wound her arms round his neck, pulling herself onto his lap. 

She felt his hand moving beneath her skirt and then the tip of his cock was rubbing over her clit, pushing down further until it nudged firmly at her wet hole. 

Manoeuvring herself further onto his lap she felt the head of him slip in and she gasped against his mouth as he grinned, his hands on her hips lifting her slightly and with one quick thrust, buried himself deep inside her. 

She moaned at the sudden feeling of fullness and he kissed her hard, his eyes telling her to stay quiet. She froze, remembering where they were and glanced around. Sure enough, all the other seats in the carriage were occupied. 

The train was laid out with seats in banks of two and three, all facing forward with a central walkway running down the middle. The seats they were in were at the rear of the carriage opposite the luggage racks but still, anyone passing with more than a cursory glance would see they were up to no good. 

As she looked up at him nervously he smirked, one hand reaching under her skirt to press her thighs apart. Surely he couldn't...

Resting his fingers on her leg he circled her slippery clit with his thumb, the feeling made more intense by the sensation of his cock, moving gently inside her with the rocking motion of the train. 

Burying her head in his neck she dug her fingernails into her palms as his fingers worked their magic on her clit, the other hand reaching inside her dress to bare her breast then suck hard on her exposed nipple. 

With a shuddering sigh she felt the orgasm hit her and tried her hardest to remain silent and motionless in case she gave them away. 

Her legs shaky, she turned in his lap, facing away from him and bracing her hands on his thighs as she rocked back and forth on his cock. The thick rod dragging in and out of her at a delicious angle. 

His fingers dug into her hips as she moved, quicker now, thrusting back onto him roughly as the next station drew closer and closer. 

As the ticket collector made the announcement she felt him tense inside her as he let out a soft grunt, pulling her down hard onto his as she felt him pulsing inside her. 

Biting her lip, she smirked as she slid gently off him, his hands moving under cover of her skirt to tuck himself back into his trousers. 

Readjusting her panties, she leant against his shoulder, his thumb tracing patterns on her arm as passengers departed and joined the carriage. 

Soon it would be their stop.