 Mick, Jason and Molly enjoyed a lovely meal. They chatted like old friends. Both men during the course of the meal had felt Molly's cunt under the table. Teasing her by fingering her, or just wiggling the tips of two fingers inside.

When Molly kissed Mick, Jason smiled. Then he kissed Molly tasting Mick's lips on his wife's.

By mutual consent they moved to the bedroom. They undressed each other, Jason undressed Mick, and Mick undressed Molly and Molly undressed Jason. Each touching the other into a state of arousal.

They lay on the bed touching each other, Molly loved having two stiff cocks to play with, taking Mick's cock and sucking it. She gently teased him. Cupping his balls in her hand and rolling them together.

Jason positioned himself behind Mick and began to lick his balls. Mick began to shake he had never experienced anything so incredibly erotic in his life. Jason took his time licking and sucking Mick's balls then slowly licking the area between balls and anus. This made Mick tingle all over. Jason knew just what Mick was feeling, and took his time. Slowly he licked Mick's asshole tongue fucking his ass for the second time that day. Then rubbing and inserting his finger up the tight little hole. Mick gasped. 

Jason removed his finger, reaching across he took a jar from the night stand, smearing the greasy lube over his fingers then sliding them round the sweet puckered virgin asshole. He smeared lots of the lube around Mick's asshole. Then he pushed first one finger in as far as he could, he slowly finger fucked Mick with one finger. When he felt Mick relax he pulled the first finger out and inserted two fingers and did the same again, gently finger fucking his asshole.

Mick quivered god it felt incredible. Jason was so gentle.

When Jason had three fingers up Mick's ass easily, he thought it was now time to try something else. Was Mick ready? Mick nodded as Jason smeared his cock in lube and placed it against his virgin asshole, as he felt Jason pushing Mick was frightened but excited.

Jason gave a hard thrust and his cock began to slide up Mick's asshole. God Mick felt as if his asshole was being stretched beyond its boundaries, but it felt so good. As Jason slowly fucked his way up Mick's tight ass, Molly sucked on Mick's cock, sliding it in and out of her juicy moist mouth. 

Mick suddenly felt Jason's balls slap against his ass cheeks, he knew he had all Jason's long cock up his asshole, and did it feel good? No! It felt great, incredible, and unbelievable.

Molly took her mouth away from Mick's cock and began to lick the two pairs of balls, which nestled so close together.

When Jason felt that Mick was used to his asshole being stretched and feeling full of cock, he slowly withdrew nearly his entire length then thrust all the way back in, making Mick gasp and moan.

Molly moved back up to Mick's cock and taking it in her mouth began to match her up and down movements with Jason's thrusting in and out of Mick's tight asshole.

Mick was in ecstasy of pain and pleasure, he could feel Molly's hot little mouth around his cock, and then he could feel Jason's hot throbbing cock thrusting in and out of his asshole, which to his great surprise was wet in its own right.

Molly grated her teeth along his shaft; Mick couldn't take anymore and shuddered to climax sending jets of spunk down Molly's sweet throat. As Jason felt Mick cum he thrust harder and faster and gasping and shuddering he sent his own jets of spunk right up Mick's asshole as far as it could possibly go.

Molly wriggled out from under Mick just as the two men collapsed on the bed, Jason's cock still embedded all the way up Mick's asshole.

They both lay panting. Both grinning like schoolboys.

Molly lifted Jason's head from where it nestled on Mick's back and kissed him, her tongue gaining entry and exploring round his mouth.

Jason could taste Mick's spunk mixed with the taste of his wife, what could be nicer, he thought.

Molly lay down next to the two intertwined men and placing her arm around them both. All three slept from exhaustion.

Molly woke first; she was cold and shivered a little. Jason opened his eyes and stretched, smiling as he felt his cock nestling between Mick's ass cheeks. As he lifted himself up and away from Mick. 

Mick rolled over and opened his eyes looking into the faces of Molly and Jason sharing an intimate kiss, he quickly closed them again feeling as if he were intruding.

When he next opened them he was surprised when Jason lent down and gave him a long passionate French kiss, as Jason broke the kiss he found Jason's lips replaced by Molly's. Molly's kiss was gentler and not as desperate somehow but just as sensual and passionate.

He felt his cock jerk, trying once more to rise to the occasion.

Molly laughed. Jason smiled. Mick blushed.

Taking a hand each they drew him close, and then both of them licked and kissed every inch of his body, even the soles of his feet and the palms of his hands. Making him shiver and shake. His cock once more grew stiff and hard.

Jason was also hard again, Molly took her husbands cock in her hand bent her head and kissed the end. She laid him on the bed and straddled his stiff cock impaling herself so it glided right up her juicy wet cunt, Jason sighed he loved fucking his wife. As she leaned forward across Jason's chest her asshole was exposed to the watching Mick.

Mick wondered if it was possible. Jason saw him looking, nodded at him and tossed him the jar of lube. Mick took a large blob and rubbed it round Molly's asshole, Molly moaned. Mick then took some lube and smeared it all over his cock. He fingered Molly's asshole just to be sure she was accepting. Her ass opened to accept his fingers. So he moved into position and rubbed his stiff cock against her puckered hole. Gently he pushed but soon realised that he would need to push quite hard to get inside when she already had a cock in her cunt.

So taking a deep breath he thrust hard and felt his cock gliding into her ass. He released the breath he didn't know he was holding and thrust until his balls hit her ass cheeks. Molly let out a small scream she had her husbands cock up her cunt to the hilt and now she had Mick's long cock up her asshole. They lay still for a while just savouring in this novel experience.

Then slowly Jason began to bounce his beautiful wife up and down on his cock. As Mick felt the rhythm he too began to move thrusting fitting in with Jason's movements. It was the most sensual thing any of the three had experienced before.

Molly was soon moaning and panting. Gasping like a fish out of water.

She felt so stretched, so bloody full. It hurt slightly but was a pleasurable hurting. She groaned and began to shake as the biggest orgasm she had ever had hit her, quite literally it made her see stars. As her cunt walls went into spasm around Jason's cock he began to shudder and shoot his load up his wife's delicious cunt. Feeling the amazing sensations of Molly's spasming cunt combined with the jerking of Jason coming, it was too much for Mick who shot his load up Molly's asshole.

All three stayed joined in the meat sandwich, for a while. It took time to return from heaven. Molly's cunt was still grasping at her husbands cock. Her asshole hung on tight to Mick's cock, as if it was unsure whether to let it go at all. Molly felt so loved and wanted, so very special. She kissed her husbands face smothering him in kisses until finding his lips she licked them, he opened them allowing her tongue to gently make love to his tongue. When she drew back he smiled.

As his cock slipped free. Mick stood up and grinned from ear to ear, talk about the cat that had got the cream, his grin couldn't have been larger if he had been a cat in a cream factory. As Jason's cock plopped free Molly stood up and headed for the bathroom.

Mick looked at Jason lying on the bed eyes closed and his cock glistening with his cum and Molly's cunt juices. He couldn't resist and climbing back onto the bed took hold of Jason's soft cock and began to lick the juices from it. Tasting his first ever cock. He shivered with the enjoyment. Jason opened his eyes and watched as Mick took his cock into his mouth sucking and licking the juices from it; flicking his tongue into all the tiny places he enjoyed so much. He groaned as his cock began to respond to the mouth and tongue.

He didn't think it was possible to grow stiff again so soon but watching Mick gobble and slurp his cock, seeing his face as he sucked and licked as if it was a giant lollipop, was too much for his brain to take in and his cock rose once more to the occasion. Growing hot and stiff. Mick grinned behind the mouthful of hard cock.

Taking his mouth away he moved up the bed and kissed Jason, shocked by his own forwardness, but it felt so right to be passionately kissing this man, allowing him to explore his mouth with his tongue tasting the mixture of cum, cunt juice and the mans own taste.

Moving back down the bed to once more take the stiff cock in his mouth. Licking and exploring thoroughly enjoying the novelty of this new experience. He licked down one side of Jason's cock then all round the base and taking his ball in his mouth and sucking it, rolling it round with his tongue before releasing it, taking his other ball into his mouth and repeating what he had just done, then licking back up his shaft, until he was once more at the head. Licking flicking his tongue across the end, and across the knobbly bit where foreskin met shaft. Then making sure his mouth was wet he took as much of Jason's cock into his mouth, allowing Jason to thrust in and out until he was hitting the back of his throat. As Jason's cock grazed past his tonsils he felt himself involuntarily gag. His eyes grew wide as Jason pulled back, then once more thrust as deep as he could hitting the back of his throat. Jason took hold of his head and tilted it backwards so now as he powered his cock in instead of hitting the back of his throat it slid past Mick's tonsils and entered his throat. Mick opened his eyes wide at the strange feeling of this hot throbbing cock thrusting in and out of his throat. Jason thrust hard and deep making him take all his hot hard cock as deep into his throat as he could. Mick's eyes widened as he felt Jason's cock grow hotter and throb. He knew he was about to get his first proper taste of a mans spunk. Jason jerked and shot his load into Mick's mouth. Mick swallowed without thinking. He sucked until Jason was totally drained and released his head, allowing him to withdraw the cock from his mouth.

Mick grinned Jason. Jason grinned back at Mick. Then they both mouthed the same word 'WOW'. Putting their arms around each other they cuddled close and as men are apt to do, they both fell asleep nestled in the others arms.

When Molly re-entered the room and looked at them sleeping entwined in each other's arms, she wondered what she had missed.

Taking a blanket she gently covered the sleeping couple and left the room.