 While driving back to the house after dinner, we notice the sky growing darker. The weatherman said there was a chance of rain. However, after living here for a couple of years, I've learned that the predictions are just that. Usually when it does rain, it's rarely for longer than five or ten minutes. I look out the side window at the ominous clouds rumbling overhead, the rolling and churning matches the feeling inside me. The fury and need that you created in the restaurant, continues to build within; gathering momentum, absorbing energy, needing release, waiting, wanting to burst open. Abruptly, I turn the car towards the free way. It will take longer to get home, but I need to feel the speed of the open road. I glance over at you, reclining in the seat, eyes closed, appearing as if not to have a care in the world. You reach over, pull the skirt apart, exposing my leg to you. 

You softly run your flat hand along the outside of my thigh- fingertips lightly brushing the sensitive skin above the lacy top stocking; before firmly running your hand to my knee; applying slight pressure, your fingers pressing lightly but firmly on each side of my thigh. Instantly, my heart and pulse race as your hand glides up and down my thigh from the lacy top down to my knee, over and over again, the repetition is soothing even though my pulse continues to race. I look over at you again, eyes closed, a slight grin on your lips. You know exactly what buttons to push to keep me so wanting, so needing to have you. I look over my shoulder as I merge into traffic. There aren't many cars on the road, so I head into the far left lane and hit the gas. Your hand stops at the top of my stocking, your fingertips barely touching my soft exposed flesh- not moving, just resting; my breath quickens as my foot eases up on the gas, realizing exactly how fast I was going. Getting arrested for excessive speed and driving to endanger are not high on my list of things to do tonight. Not to mention that you'd never let me live that one down. 

As I take the connecter and head east towards home, both my blood and the clouds above continue to churn to a slow boil. I wonder aloud if we will get rain or if it will pass. The clouds continue to grow darker, matching the power of my lust for you. The hunger I feel has nothing to do with a need for food; it is the sustenance of you that drives me now.

I head over to the right lane to get off the exit, as I downshift, you resume stroking my thigh from flesh to knee. A soft sigh escapes my lips, and a growl emerges as the traffic light turns red. I hear a chuckle from you, glance over, and notice your eyes are still closed, but the grin on your face is now wide. Once again, I'm purely amazed at the power of your touch has on my body and on my mind. The only thought I have is getting you into the house and having you when we walk in the door. 

I pull into the drive, you take the keys from me as we walk to the door, unlock the door and step back letting me to enter before you, your hand cups my ass as I move past you... I step into the room just beyond the door and wait for you to follow. You close the door behind you, your eyes never leaving mine. No longer smiling- your eyes are blazing with desire as I close the space between us and push your back against the door. I take your face in my hands and lean in to kiss you, stopping short to glide my tongue along your bottom lip, then nipping with my teeth, softly taking your lip in between my own, sucking softly as I press myself to you. I feel your hands on my waist, pulling me closer still, feeling your cock already hard, between us. I press my lips to yours sliding my tongue into your mouth; seeking exploring, finding yours. Our tongues dance together in a fiery dance that only fuels the burning below.

I reach down and franticly unbuckle your belt, pulling it swiftly from the loops, then drape it over my neck. Your fingers deftly work to unbutton my blouse, your hands spanning my waist sliding up my stomach...up around the soft swell of my heaving breasts...grasping them tightly in your hands...squeezing tight.

Feverishly I undo your button and zipper...quickly sliding my hand inside...covering your erection in my hand, softly stroking. Our lips sliding against each other as our tongues continue to dance. With a low deep growl, your hands devour my body. You push away from the wall, our bodies moving together, swiftly reversing our position so my back is now against the door. Pushing your body tight to mine...grinding yourself into me as your fingers slide between my thighs, urging them further apart. Your fingers delving directly to my slick heat...push deep into my core. Your lips bruise mine with a fire that's now beyond our control. Your tongue and fingers move in synch with each other, my body writhing and rippling against you.

My hands pull your cock free from your jeans. .gripping the shaft firmly in my fingers, stroke your length, gliding my thumb over your head moaning as I caress the precum already gathered at the tip into your smooth skin. You groan against my lips and grip my ass tight lifting me off the floor. Without hesitation, I pull your cock to the top of my swollen lips, and with one hard thrust of your hips your cock slides along my wet slit, and slips deep into my pussy...your hands pulling me hard onto your cock...impaling me...filling me. Instinctively, I wrap my legs around your waist, lifting myself higher, allowing your thrusts to drive deeper. 

Pressing me tighter against the door with your body, your arm move up under my arm and up behind my head, cradling it in your hands...protecting it against the door from the motion of your hard driving thrusts. Locking my ankles around you...I pull you hard into me...matching your fire and driving it further with my own. Our primal needs consuming us as our bodies move and grind with each other. Each pounding thrust pulling me closer; sending me higher...You can feel my body tremble around you, closing around you. Knowing how close, I am you drive faster and harder into me. I can feel myself beginning to spiral out of control, my eyes quickly searching for yours...searching for approval. Your eyes bore into mine, hard and dark...holding me to this plane. My breaths shallow and ragged...I'm fighting to hold back...unable to speak my lips silently pleading between each powerful thrust. 

I can feel my eyes beginning to close as I continue spiraling higher and higher. Your fingers wind in my hair...instantly my eyes snap open and meet yours...they are harder and darker than a moment before. Your grip on my hair increases as you drive your cock harder and deeper...short, driving thrusts rooting yourself deeper and deeper in my womb, pounding me against the door. My nails dig into your shoulders, winding your shirt in my fingers. The slow blink of your eyes is all that's needed to let myself soar. Like a spring that's been too tightly wound, my muscles convulse and spasm uncontrollably around you. A loud guttural scream fills the room as my pussy explodes on your cock, my juices coats your balls, dripping freely as you thrust in and out. With one last hard pounding thrust your mouth captures my scream as you send stream after stream of hot cum deep within me, filling me. 

Gradually the power of your thrusts lessens; I collapse against you...our bodies heaving. Your arms tighten around me...lifting me away from the door...wrapping my legs tightly around you as you walk the few steps to the couch. You settle slowly into the cushion, your cock still buried deep, pulsing...my walls spasm around you still. My head nestled against your neck, your arms closing around me holding me close...our hearts beating hard, our hunger sated...together as one...as always.