 When we were out of earshot of the room I asked "So what do you have in mind?"

Kristen said, "I don't live too far from here. Follow me!"

"I have a suite upstairs. Wouldn't that be easier for both of us...and quicker?"

I could swear that her skin flushed again as she said, "But I hardly know you, sir. And I do not know your name."

"True, but my tongue and your breasts are dear friends. All will be well. And it is Charles."

And with that we sought out the nearest elevator, which was waiting for us with its doors open. I pushed the button and when she saw the number 20 light up, she took a deep breath. As I stepped beside her, I felt her hand squeezing my ass. As I turned to look at her, she was already looking at me for a response, so I bent down and kissed her, our tongues doing the dance of long-time lovers. I reached both hands around her and took a cheek in each and squeezed gently, causing her to moan into my mouth. She gripped my ass tighter and pulled me into her. There was no way she could mistake the hardness for anything but my desire for her.

Far too soon, the elevator slowed down as the bell rang. We were only at the 10th floor. I released her heavenly rear end and tried to break the kiss, but Kristen would have nothing to do with that. She continued our wet kiss and my butt massage as an older couple got on the elevator. I did a double take...it was Mr. Jones, an old business associate of my father's. The woman, who I assume was Mrs. Jones, looked down, while Mr. Jones stole the occasional glance in our direction. The bell rang again at the 19th floor, and as the doors opened for their departure, I could swear that Mr. Jones winked at me and smiled broadly.

As the doors closed for our one floor ride, I struggled away from Kristen and readied myself for the 20th floor. She tugged herself to straighten the dress, and we walked down the short corridor for Room 2069.

"You shouldn't have," she said.

"I had no idea," was my only response.

As soon as I closed and locked the door, she was on me. She pulled my face to hers and once again, our tongues were going at it. I couldn't resist that ass, and once again had my hands full. I felt her hands between us as she was looking for my belt. She pushed away a bit, and had the belt unfastened in a flash. Next was the fastener on my pants, and my dick was in her hands immediately as I wear no underwear. I couldn't wait to see her manicured hands work my member, so I reluctantly released her ass cheeks and nudged her away from me.

At that moment, she dropped to her knees and pulled my pants from my lower body. She then reached for me with both hands, her French manicure creating quite the vision up and down my shaft. Kristen then brought her lips to the head and lightly kissed it, followed by licking the head in a circular motion several times before she took the head into her mouth and continued the swirling motion. My hands went to her hair, and I began a gentle massage of her head. She then dropped her hands and took my dick slowly, and I mean slowly, into her mouth until the head touched the back of her throat. At that point, she ran her tongue all around the base, making good use of her tongue piercing. That metal was just melting me, and pushing me toward release. But not quite yet...

I let her continue for a minute or so, and then gently pulled myself free from her lips and helped her to her feet. It was now my turn to do the undressing. I found the zipper running up her back and slowly lowered it as we resumed our kissing. When I reached the bottom I pushed my hands under the fabric of the dress seeking that magnificent ass. When I found a garter belt and nothing else I pressed myself into her mouth with greater urgency. After a squeeze or two of her bottom I ran my hands up her back until I reached her neck. I then pushed the fabric off of her shoulders and freed those magnificent breasts, each more than a handful with nipples ready for some attention.

I removed the rest of my clothes and made a quick phone call. I then sat in the well-upholstered chair in the corner.

"Please come here, Kristen. And please leave the stockings on!"

She did as asked and I pulled her onto my lap so those nipples were closer to mouth level. I wet my lips and took a nipple into my lips, sliding left and right and helping it to stand up even more. I then applied some suction, which caused her to moan like she was enjoying it. I switched to the other side and repeated the procedure. I suddenly felt a drop of wetness down my shaft, and looked to find her pleasuring herself with those manicured nails. "Do you need a little more stimulation?" I asked her, and she moaned as she nodded her head. Just then the door bell rang.

I asked Kristen to go to the bed while I got the door. I pulled on a robe and pulled the cart into the suite. I signed the check with a big tip for such fast service, closed the door and wheeled the tray nearer the bed. Kristen asked "Are you hungry already?"

"Yes, but not for what is on the tray," I told her.

I threw the robe in the corner and laid next to her on the bed. We resumed our kissing for a few minutes and then I remembered where we were before the door bell rang. "You needed more stimulation, didn't you?", and again she moaned as she nodded. I shuffled down her body and gently moved her legs apart. Her womanly parts were already soaked and I wasted no time in tasting her. It was delicious, and I lapped it up like a starving kitten. I first focused on the lower part of her lips and just kept drinking from her pussy until her hips started bouncing gently. Knowing what she wanted, I went straight for her clit, and teased it from side to side until she began to moan more loudly, and the intensity grew until she began squeezing my head between her stockinged legs. Even that did not stop my assault on her button, and I continued licking until I felt her gently push my head back from her fountain. I caressed her legs and watched as she came down from her climax.

"Oooooooh, that was so good! Thank you!!!" she said.

"Are you thirsty?" I asked, and she nodded.

I went to the tray and pulled a bottle of champagne from the ice. I popped the cork and poured us each a glass. We clinked glasses and each drained our share. Before I could refill, she pulled the glass from my hand, put both of them on the tray and pushed me toward the bed.

"Now it's your turn!"

I laid back on the king-sized bed, and the dick was simply throbbing. She crawled between my legs, and stuck out her tongue. My bobbing cock was bouncing off of her piercing, and I was going nuts. She began circling the head again, first in one direction and then in the other. And then she started the sucker bites, quick hits of suction and a touch of metal against the underside of the head. I started bouncing my hips gently. I wanted to bury my shaft in her mouth and explode, but the torture of letting her control things was too intoxicating to end it all.

Sensing my growing urgency, she began to bob further and further down my shaft, and soon her lips were meeting my bare public area. Feeling that metal ball all the way down my shaft was fantastic! This woman knew how to drive a man crazy, and I was more than willing to go along with it. I felt her fingers playing with my balls, and occaisionally her a nail would reach toward my back door. My skin was on high alert, and I could feel every move of her fingers.

I tensed a little, trying to hold back the coming flood of cum. She slowly pulled off my dick and smiled. "Are you close to giving me a drink?" she asked.

"Yes," I said.

"Here we go!" she replied.

She began a mouth fuck that I will never forget. She was down and up and down and up so fast I had no idea what was happening. Then she placed her hands under my ass, lifted me a little and just kept sucking away. Holding back was not an option. I unloaded the load of my life, and it went straight down her throat, three, then four shots of cum. When the spasms slowed, she gently dropped my ass to the bed and kept my dick in her mouth, sucking me dry. When she finally let me out of her mouth, she stuck out her tongue and showed me the last of my load before swallowing it down, too.

She began to speak. "So, what do you have for our snack?"

"Be my guest," I replied.

She shook that glorious ass toward the cart and pulled up the lid. A plate full of strawberries, and a fondue pot of chocolate sauce.

"You are a bad boy, Charles," she admonished.

"You have no idea," I said.